27600		2-room appartment, 50square-meter, with a lot of charm, belonging to two book publishers. It feat a great king-size bed + 1 futon/1 person, lot of design furnitures, and everything you need : dry/wash machine, wi-fi, cable TV
27601	Lovely apartment to rent for christmas and NYE in Paris ! One big living room, one bedroom with double size bed, bathroom with tub and toilets, one kitchen (40square meters) Located in a small and quiet street, in the 11th, at Charonne near Bastille and Voltaire.  Lots of organic restaurants and good bars around  !  Perfect for a couple ! Possible to rent for one week or two 	This apartment is perfect for a couple, it's sunny and calm, while being close to nice restaurant and bars. You're in the center of Paris, walking distance to Bastille, République and Nation. You can listen to vinyl, cook, chill out in our apartment Lovely apartment to rent for christmas and NYE in Paris ! One big living room, one bedroom with double size bed, bathroom with tub and toilets, one kitchen (40square meters) Located in a small and quiet street, in the 11th, at Charonne near Bastille and Voltaire.  Lots of organic restaurants and good bars around  !  Perfect for a couple ! Possible to rent for one week or two You can have access to internet, washing machine, music, full equipped kitchen, video-projector, books, vinyl If you want we know a lot of great restaurant and bars around for all kind of budget (from Septime famous restaurant to Dune). Quiet, cultural, organic, walk, promenade, parcs You have 3 metro station and line around: Charonne (Ligne 9) Philippe Auguste (Line 2)
27602	A little piece of heaven in central Paris, with all the amenities you would find in a 5-star hotel:  - Complimentary wine bottle and snack on arrival, as well as still and sparkling mineral water, Nespresso Coffee, Fauchon Tea and soft drinks. - Ensuite Bathroom with large rain shower, luxury bath amenities, wardrobes and slippers. Separate toilets. - High quality furnishings, original art work. - Free high-speed WiFi - Weekly linen change included; additional change of bed linens on request by separate payment (30.00 euros). - Cleaning included twice a week. Additional hours for cleaning, personal laundry and shopping on request (15.00 euros/hour), paid directly to the housekeeper. 24 hours notice response. The hip Bastille area is home to a multitude of trendy boutiques, restaurants, cafés, art galleries and artisan’s workshops. Worth seeing are the passageways (Passage de Lhomme, Passage Thiéré, Passage des Taillandiers). - Subway Stations : Ledru Rollin (line 08) two blocks away. B	A very quiet, elegant and comfortable atmosphere. Free WiFi, iPod dock, 02 large flat screen tv's, 02 Nespresso coffee machines, fully equiped kitchen. Heated secluded garden. Trendy bars, restaurants and designer shops are around the corner.       A little piece of heaven in central Paris, with all the amenities you would find in a 5-star hotel:  - Complimentary wine bottle and snack on arrival, as well as still and sparkling mineral water, Nespresso Coffee, Fauchon Tea and soft drinks. - Ensuite Bathroom with large rain shower, luxury bath amenities, wardrobes and slippers. Separate toilets. - High quality furnishings, original art work. - Free high-speed WiFi - Weekly linen change included; additional change of bed linens on request by separate payment (30.00 euros). - Cleaning included twice a week. Additional hours for cleaning, personal laundry and shopping on request (15.00 euros/hour), paid directly to the housekeeper. 24 hours notice response. The hip Bastille area is home to 
27603	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités  plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue
27604	This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom.All the windows are double glazed. They give on a long balcony overlooking the street. You will have a chance to contemplate the life going on down your feet while chilling on the balcony ! If you pay attention you will also see the Sacré Coeur church in Montmartre. This apartment is extremely bright it is a real pleasure. On top of that, it is an A/C system. This 68sqm apartment has two separated bedrooms. Once you will enter it you will understand why we love it so much ! It is all in white without being cold. It is contemporary, minimalist, very bright and airy. From the entrance hall you will access the main room, on your right. It is immaculate as all the apartment. The wooden exposed beams give a touch of color and material to this room, simply decorated with tribal sculptures. The living-room features adjustable couches. They can 	Astonishing 2-bedroom apartment in a genuine Parisian neighbourhood. A/C system, long balcony with a nice view, extra bright, very comfortable, in a contemporary style, we love this apartment and we hope you will love it too ! This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom.All the windows are double glazed. They give on a long balcony overlooking the street. You will have a chance to contemplate the life going on down your feet while chilling on the balcony ! If you pay attention you will also see the Sacré Coeur church in Montmartre. This apartment is extremely bright it is a real pleasure. On top of that, it is an A/C system. This 68sqm apartment has two separated bedrooms. Once you will enter it you will understand why we love it so much ! It is all in white without being cold. It is contemporary, minimalist, very bright and airy. From the entrance hall you will access the main ro
27605	31m² au 1er étage,  2 pièces : Chambre avec cheminée, armoire et un piano Cuisine avec lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, plaques chauffantes vitrocéramiques, placards et rangements. Salle de bain avec une douche, machine à laver, toilette, lavabo et miroir. Salon avec canapé lit, table basse, chaine hifi, TV et fenêtre donnant sur toit très calme. Le quartier est très convivial entre Oberkamf et le Marais, beaucoup de bar et restaurants aux alentours.  Proche du métro République (5 minutes à pied) avec lignes 5, 8, 9, 11, 3.	Dans immeuble restauré avec cour fleurie ce bel appartement de 30m² refait à neuf est très bien situé dans le quartier République. Avec ses 2 pièces, il accueille jusqu' à 3 pers qui profitent du calme et du charme en plein centre de Paris. 31m² au 1er étage,  2 pièces : Chambre avec cheminée, armoire et un piano Cuisine avec lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, plaques chauffantes vitrocéramiques, placards et rangements. Salle de bain avec une douche, machine à laver, toilette, lavabo et miroir. Salon avec canapé lit, table basse, chaine hifi, TV et fenêtre donnant sur toit très calme. Le quartier est très convivial entre Oberkamf et le Marais, beaucoup de bar et restaurants aux alentours.  Proche du métro République (5 minutes à pied) avec lignes 5, 8, 9, 11, 3. Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement et de ses équipements.  Je serai présent pour vous accueillir et durant votre séjour si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit, je suis disponible pour vous aider. Le quartier est très 
27606	Hi everyone, It would be my pleasure to rent my cosy and fully functional studio apartment that I just renovated with my own two hands to you.  I am confident that you would feel as comfortable as I do living there. DESCRIPTION This is a 22 square meters one-room apartment on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a typical parisian building. The main entrance is secured with a code and a second gate opens with an electronic key. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees preserved from the street noisiness. Yet, you might be disturbed by blackbirds singing at sunrise... The open space flat is divided in three including a sleeping area, a lounge area with an armchair and a two-seats couch and an open kitchen. The bathroom is a brand new very functional tiny 1.75 square meters room and the bed (160cm*200cm) has brand new slatted frame and mattress. You have at your disposal a TV screen, a dvd player, wi-fi, a microwave, an oven, a ceramic glass cooktop, a fridge and freezer, a coffee make	Hi everyone, It would be my pleasure to rent my cosy and fully functional studio apartment that I just renovated with my own two hands to you.  I am confident that you would feel as comfortable as I do living there. DESCRIPTION This is a 22 square meters one-room apartment on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a typical parisian building. The main entrance is secured with a code and a second gate opens with an electronic key. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees preserved from the street noisiness. Yet, you might be disturbed by blackbirds singing at sunrise... The open space flat is divided in three including a sleeping area, a lounge area with an armchair and a two-seats couch and an open kitchen. The bathroom is a brand new very functional tiny 1.75 square meters room and the bed (160cm*200cm) has brand new slatted frame and mattress. You have at your disposal a TV screen, a dvd player, wi-fi, a microwave, an oven, a ceramic glass cooktop, a fridge and freezer, a coffee make
27607	Très calme convivial 	Studio sympa ce situe à 5 mnt de la place de la bastille 22 m• peux accueillirent 3 perssone tout commodité plaque chofante frigo micro honde four le bouche métro et a 20 mètre du bâtiment ,marche d'aligre et a prodimiteŕ plein de magasin à proximité  Très calme convivial  métro lurue rolin ligne 8  Quartier anime plein de magasin à proximité , marche d'aligre plein de restaura  pub café  La ligne 8 station Ledru-Rollin sortie numéro 2 
27608	Standing The apartment is on the 2nd floor (actually the first , but all the apartments are duplex ) . The building has an elevator. The absolute quietness in the heart of Paris ! Indeed, the apartment overlooks a beautiful garden courtyard . Access is secured by three digital codes .   Layout   70 m2 apartment consists of a lounge and two bedrooms upstairs. 4 people can stay. The sleeping area is organized around a double bed (140 * 200) and two single beds (90 * 200) which can be pushed together to form a double bed. On the first level, the living room has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests and fully equipped open kitchen. Sofa, chair form the sitting area around a large TV screen . For music, you can use Bluetooth or by plugging your phone or iPod directly on our Marshall speaker. Upstairs are two bedrooms, a bathroom with a great big shower and lots of storage in order to store your belongings. The toilets are upstairs in the bathroom.   The furniture of the highest qualit	"Location In the Bastille district , the apartment is located in the ""trendy » part of the street of Charonne close to the Rue Saint Antoine . The last major brands set up their shops, restaurants and cafés ... the neighborhood is actually very friend Standing The apartment is on the 2nd floor (actually the first , but all the apartments are duplex ) . The building has an elevator. The absolute quietness in the heart of Paris ! Indeed, the apartment overlooks a beautiful garden courtyard . Access is secured by three digital codes .   Layout   70 m2 apartment consists of a lounge and two bedrooms upstairs. 4 people can stay. The sleeping area is organized around a double bed (140 * 200) and two single beds (90 * 200) which can be pushed together to form a double bed. On the first level, the living room has a table that can accommodate up to 6 guests and fully equipped open kitchen. Sofa, chair form the sitting area around a large TV screen . For music, you can use Bluetooth or by pluggin"
27609	Logement intérieur cours, très calme et spacieux pour 2 personnes (1  chambre avec un lit double) mais pouvant acceuillir 4 personnes avec le canapé-lit du salon donc idéal pour un couple, des amis en voyage ou même une petite famille.	Ce très beau logement tout équipé vous permettra de poser vos valises le temps qu'un séjour à Paris dans un quartier muni de toutes les commodités, ainsi que le marché d'aligre, la promenade de la coulée verte, l'opéra bastille et son canal. Logement intérieur cours, très calme et spacieux pour 2 personnes (1  chambre avec un lit double) mais pouvant acceuillir 4 personnes avec le canapé-lit du salon donc idéal pour un couple, des amis en voyage ou même une petite famille. Accès internet wifi gratuit et accès au métro en moins de 3 minutes. Autonomie des voyageurs avec cet appartement et un guide de la France. Possibilité d'échanger plus longuement en fonction des dates. Quartier commerçant avec tout à disposition, festif en soirée avec de nombreux bars et restaurants et très central pour visiter Paris. Depuis les différentes gares de Paris, prenez le métro ligne 5 puis ligne 8 pour s'arrêter à Ledru Rollin ou Faiderbes Chaligny.
27610	The apartment is cosy, peaceful and very luminous.  The windows in the room are exposed full east. The apartment is at the last floor of the building which is overhanging the other buildings around. So there is a very nice view on the roofs of Paris !  We also have a big patio (20m2) so that you will be able to appreciate the view while having a barbecue for lunch or dinner, or have a nice breakfast under the sunlight, sitting on our deckchairs ! 	The apartment is located in the 11th arrondissement !  The apartment is cosy, peaceful and very luminous.  The windows in the room are exposed full east. The apartment is at the last floor of the building which is overhanging the other buildings around. So there is a very nice view on the roofs of Paris !  We also have a big patio (20m2) so that you will be able to appreciate the view while having a barbecue for lunch or dinner, or have a nice breakfast under the sunlight, sitting on our deckchairs !  There are 3 rooms in the apartment, 2 patios (20m2 and 15m2), 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom.  You will have access to my bedroom, the kitchen, bathroom and one of the patios ! You can access the patio from the bedroom and/or the kitchen !  It's ok for you to fully use our kitchen. You can use the fridge and cupboards for your groceries and use the oven, toaster, etc... for cooking !  We also have a washingmachine and a dishwasher, and you are invited to use it to your convenience. Both are in the
27611	5 ème étage avec ascenseur sur cour claire et calme dans quartier pittoresque et animé ( bars,restos concerts,galeries, marché de pays) A 2 mn du métro Parmentier et 10 mn à pied de la place de la République. Proche du Marais.	Paris 11e arrondissement,  quartier Oberkampf, 5ème étage avec ascenseur sur cour claire et calme dans quartier pittoresque et animé ( bars,restos concerts,marché de pays) A 2 mn des métros Parmentier / Goncourt / Couronnes, et 10 mn à pied de la Place de la République. Proche du Marais. 5 ème étage avec ascenseur sur cour claire et calme dans quartier pittoresque et animé ( bars,restos concerts,galeries, marché de pays) A 2 mn du métro Parmentier et 10 mn à pied de la place de la République. Proche du Marais. le logement comporte une cuisine aménagée de plaques électriques,four électrique,four micro onde,frigo et vaisselles. je reste à votre disposition tout au long de votre  séjour Proche du métro Parmentier ( ligne 3 ),  des bus 96 ( le Marais ) et 48 ( à proximité du parc des Buttes-Chaumont). A 10 mn du métro Goncourt  ( ligne 11 ), Couronnes ( ligne 2 ) et République ( ligne 3,5,8,9,11 ).
27612	Belle hauteur sous plafond. Spacieux. Cuisine moderne et ouverte	Appartement ancien et tout juste renové de 65 m2 dans un bel immeuble Haussmannien. Spacieux et confortable. Quartier Oberkampf / Ménilmontant agréable et animé. Métro à 50 mètres. Belle hauteur sous plafond. Spacieux. Cuisine moderne et ouverte beaucoup de restaurants et de bars sympas Parc de Belleville Ligne 2 ou 3 du métro Métro Ménilmontant à 50 mètres !
27613	30sqm , bright, quiet, 2 bed apartment (sleeps 2 ), next to Canal Saint Martin, with great view and modern amenities. Enjoy local outdoor markets, bars restaurants, parks, and shops. Close to Republique metro, Belleville, Pere Lachaise and the Marais. My apartment is on the 6th floor(with an elevator) , with a great view overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Although located in the center of the city, it is completely quiet, as it faces a courtyard and not a street, so you can sleep with the window open on those hot Parisien summer nights. The room is very spacious and the kitchen is fully equiped if you want to cook or bring back some food. The apartment has fibre optic wifi, tv/stereo,  and elevator (which makes getting to the 6th floor really nice after walking around Paris all day!)	30sqm , bright, quiet, 2 bed apartment (sleeps 2 ), next to Canal Saint Martin, with great view and modern amenities. Enjoy local outdoor markets, bars restaurants, parks, and shops. Close to Republique metro, Belleville, Pere Lachaise and the Marais. My apartment is on the 6th floor(with an elevator) , with a great view overlooking the rooftops of Paris. Although located in the center of the city, it is completely quiet, as it faces a courtyard and not a street, so you can sleep with the window open on those hot Parisien summer nights. The room is very spacious and the kitchen is fully equiped if you want to cook or bring back some food. The apartment has fibre optic wifi, tv/stereo,  and elevator (which makes getting to the 6th floor really nice after walking around Paris all day!) -Private courtyard, Oberkampf is the Williamsburg of Paris. Our neighbourhood, is considered 'bobo' because it combines both a bohemian student vibe with an established and refined bourgeois scene. It is c
27614	Very nice studio flat (43 m²) in Père Lachaise/ Ménilmontant in Paris 20è A big and luminous lounge-kitchen (30 m²) with a kitchen bar, old polished parquet, red wall, 2 red big chairs, tv, dvs/cds, free wifi-internet. An opened kitchen on the lounge with bar and all necessary A bedroom (13 m²) with a big bed opened on bathroom (shower/bathtub) The flat is at 2nd floor, two lounge’s windows with view on street and two bedroom’s windows with view on backyards (very quiet). The area is young, popular and artistic with many typical restaurants and pubs. The heart of Paris near from : Oberkampf, Menilmontant, Belleville and Père Lachaise. The flat can be rent for one week too (350€)	Very cuty quiet flat in the area of Paris Menilmontant/Belleville/Père Lachaise.  Good for families or 2-4 people (2 big beds). The area is young, popular and artistic with many typical restaurants and pubs. The heart of Paris. Very nice studio flat (43 m²) in Père Lachaise/ Ménilmontant in Paris 20è A big and luminous lounge-kitchen (30 m²) with a kitchen bar, old polished parquet, red wall, 2 red big chairs, tv, dvs/cds, free wifi-internet. An opened kitchen on the lounge with bar and all necessary A bedroom (13 m²) with a big bed opened on bathroom (shower/bathtub) The flat is at 2nd floor, two lounge’s windows with view on street and two bedroom’s windows with view on backyards (very quiet). The area is young, popular and artistic with many typical restaurants and pubs. The heart of Paris near from : Oberkampf, Menilmontant, Belleville and Père Lachaise. The flat can be rent for one week too (350€) Le métro est à 2' a pied,on peut se garer en voiture assez facilement dans le quarti
27615	French : Joli 32m2 en plein coeur de Paris, chambre agréable avec grand lit de 160cm. 4ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est sur cour, donc aucun bruit. Tout à disposition, frigo, cafetière nespresso, blender, machine à laver, micro-onde, télévision, ordinateur, platine vinyle… Je suis à votre disposition pour vous aider et faire en sorte que votre séjour se passe le mieux possible. Possibilité de petit déjeuner (croissants, confiture, café…) sur demande. J'ai un petit bouledogue français très gentil, qui n'accèdera pas à la chambre. ----------------------------------------------- English : Nice flat of 32m2 in the center of Paris, near République and Bastille, with pleasant private bedroom with big bed (160cm). 4th floor without elevator. The flat is on dooryard so no street noise, very quiet. Everything available for you : fridge, microwave, coffee machine, TV, internet, blender, washing machine, computer, turntable… I'm here to help you to spend the best journey ever in Paris,	Appartement très sympathique et hôte très disponible. Regardez la description détaillée et n'hésitez pas à réserver pour passer un bon séjour dans la capitale! Apartment very friendly and very helpful host. See a detailed description and do not hesitate to book for a good stay in the capital! Apartamento muy amable y muy atento anfitrión. Véase una descripción detallada y no dude en reservar para una buena estancia en la capital! French : Joli 32m2 en plein coeur de Paris, chambre agréable avec grand lit de 160cm. 4ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est sur cour, donc aucun bruit. Tout à disposition, frigo, cafetière nespresso, blender, machine à laver, micro-onde, télévision, ordinateur, platine vinyle… Je suis à votre disposition pour vous aider et faire en sorte que votre séjour se passe le mieux possible. Possibilité de petit déjeuner (croissants, confiture, café…) sur demande. J'ai un petit bouledogue français très gentil, qui n'accèdera pas à la chambre. --------------------
27616	Paris 11e . Studio 15,75 m² tout équipé à Ledru-Rollin. Dans immeuble avec gardien, studio meublé de 15,75 m². Situé au 7ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur au sein d'une copropriété propre, studio calme : seulement deux autres habitant au même étage. Salle de douche avec toilettes. Multiples rangements. Ensoleillé.	Dans Paris 11 ème, studio de 16m2 entièrement aménagé. Paris 11e . Studio 15,75 m² tout équipé à Ledru-Rollin. Dans immeuble avec gardien, studio meublé de 15,75 m². Situé au 7ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur au sein d'une copropriété propre, studio calme : seulement deux autres habitant au même étage. Salle de douche avec toilettes. Multiples rangements. Ensoleillé. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble du studio. Je ne serais pas présent pendant le séjour des voyageurs, je reste néanmoins joignable à tout moment en cas de problème. Quartier vivant, tous commerces à proximité, A 10 mètre d'un carrefour city, monoprix au bout de la rue. L'appartement est situé juste en face l'arrêt de bus Charonne-Keller (61). Équidistant de la station de métro Ledru-Rollin et Voltaire, et à 10 mn à pied de Bastille.
27617	This beautiful apartment of 49 square meters is located in the heart of the trendiest area of the 11th arrondissement. A young and dynamic area where restaurants and bars are dozens! It consists of two bedrooms, a living room, a functional kitchen and a bathroom. Upon entering you will find a hallway with toilet on the left, then the kitchen and the first bedroom. To the right is the living room and the large master bedroom. The kitchen has an oven, microwave, electric hob and fridge / freezer. The first room consists of 2 beds of 70cm and a large wardrobe. In the 2nd bedroom there is a double bed of 140cm, and wardrobe as well. Wifi, TV, Cable. You just have to enter to feel at home! In the immediate proximity: Subway: Lines 8 and 9 Gare de Lyon : 3 km (5 minutes by car) Restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, tobacco, etc.. Everything is in the same street or in a street adjacent to the apartment. Arrival and departure times are relatively free to set the time of rental.	This beautiful apartment of 49 square meters is located in the heart of the trendiest area of the 11th arrondissement. A young and dynamic area where restaurants and bars are dozens! It consists of two bedrooms, a living room, a functional kitchen and a bathroom. Upon entering you will find a hallway with toilet on the left, then the kitchen and the first bedroom. To the right is the living room and the large master bedroom. The kitchen has an oven, microwave, electric hob and fridge / freezer. The first room consists of 2 beds of 70cm and a large wardrobe. In the 2nd bedroom there is a double bed of 140cm, and wardrobe as well. Wifi, TV, Cable. You just have to enter to feel at home! In the immediate proximity: Subway: Lines 8 and 9 Gare de Lyon : 3 km (5 minutes by car) Restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, tobacco, etc.. Everything is in the same street or in a street adjacent to the apartment. Arrival and departure times are relatively free to set the time of rental.
27618	 Rien d’extraordinaire! Les poêles , casseroles et plats pour le four sont dans les placards sous le four. Les assiettes et couverts se situent à gauche de la TV dans le meuble derrière le store rouge. Pour la machine à laver je laisserai le programme sur la bonne position. C'est a dire lavages traditionnels, coton couleurs.. La lessive est en dessous de l'évier. Je vous laisserais les codes wifi si vous avez besoin de vous connecter. Apportez seulement des serviettes de toilette, je mettrais des draps propres, je les changerais à votre départ. Comme les toilettes sont sur le pallier, si vous êtes seul(e), prenez toujours les clés avec vous , la porte claque facilement!  Je vous laisse imaginer la suite!!! C'est dans le quartier Popincourt, dans le 11ème arrondissement de paris, à 2 pas de bastille, république, nation, que ce film a été tourné! Charmant appartement sous les toits parisiens. 2 pièces et une petite salle de bain avec baignoire sabot. Vue imprenable sur les toits parisien	petit 2 pièces, situé sous les toits en plein coeur de Paris. Idéal pour les couples à la recherche d'un week end romantique. De nombreux commerces et stations de métro sont à proximité ainsi que des lieux touristiques (bastille, père lachaise...) Rien d’extraordinaire! Les poêles , casseroles et plats pour le four sont dans les placards sous le four. Les assiettes et couverts se situent à gauche de la TV dans le meuble derrière le store rouge. Pour la machine à laver je laisserai le programme sur la bonne position. C'est a dire lavages traditionnels, coton couleurs.. La lessive est en dessous de l'évier. Je vous laisserais les codes wifi si vous avez besoin de vous connecter. Apportez seulement des serviettes de toilette, je mettrais des draps propres, je les changerais à votre départ. Comme les toilettes sont sur le pallier, si vous êtes seul(e), prenez toujours les clés avec vous , la porte claque facilement!  Je vous laisse imaginer la suite!!! C'est dans le quartier Popincourt, da
27619	Appartement 2 pièces de 41 m², conçu dans un esprit design, confortable pour accueillir 2 à 3 personnes.  Appartement non fumeur .  Comprenant :  Salon, canapé lit deux personnes ,  téléviseur / hifi / internet wifi Salle à manger, cuisine entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur / congélateur / plaque à induction / four multifonctions / Cafetière expresso / grille pain / lave-vaisselle / lave-linge séchant Chambre à coucher, dressing / grand lit / linge fourni/ fer a repassé avec sa table  Salle de bain, douches, toilettes, sèche cheveux . Inclus draps et  serviettes de toilettes.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ At the heart of Paris, close “Place de la République” and the Saint-Martin canal, Métro Goncourt Station. 2-rooms apartment of 41m², designed, comfortable for 2 or 3 persons.  No smoking  aera  Including:  Lounge sofa bed for two personnes  TV  / hi-fi / WiFi internet Dining room, fully-equipped kitchen, refrigerator / freezer / stick induction / multifunction oven / barkeeper / espre	Au cœur de Paris, proche Place de la République et du Canal Saint-Martin, métro Goncourt. Appartement 2 pièces de 41 m², conçu dans un esprit design, confortable pour accueillir 2 à 3 personnes.  Appartement non fumeur .  Comprenant :  Salon, canapé lit deux personnes ,  téléviseur / hifi / internet wifi Salle à manger, cuisine entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur / congélateur / plaque à induction / four multifonctions / Cafetière expresso / grille pain / lave-vaisselle / lave-linge séchant Chambre à coucher, dressing / grand lit / linge fourni/ fer a repassé avec sa table  Salle de bain, douches, toilettes, sèche cheveux . Inclus draps et  serviettes de toilettes.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ At the heart of Paris, close “Place de la République” and the Saint-Martin canal, Métro Goncourt Station. 2-rooms apartment of 41m², designed, comfortable for 2 or 3 persons.  No smoking  aera  Including:  Lounge sofa bed for two personnes  TV  / hi-fi / WiFi internet Dining room, fully-equipped 
27620	VERY NICE AND LARGE TOP FLOOR APPART 88 sq m (960 sq f) . South oriented TERRACE 26 sq m ( 300 sq f) .  Large apartment with two bedrooms, modern kitchen and big dining/living room with sofa beds. The apartment has been recently renovated (Mai 2015) and is very modern and stylish. + 1 OVERSIZED LIVING ROOM 45 sqm (490 sq f) +2 LARGE BEDROOMS .  + BIG FLOWERED TERRACE 30 sq m (320 sq m) .  Up to 5 people  - EIFFEL TOWER VIEW, and other major monuments: Sacré Coeur, Bastille, etc… - South oriented TERRACE, with flowers and furniture, BBQ, - Unusual in Paris 11th district (centre of Paris, walking distance from Le Marais and Notre Dame). Quiet and sunny Apt, wooden floor. Near subway (line 2, 3,9) , bus (46, 69) - Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Supermarket next door open until midnight ! - HUGE LIVING ROOM + dining room. New design furniture. Alcantara lounge seats up to 8 people, 42” LCD TV, cable TV, international channels, Wi-Fi internet access. - FULL FURNISHED KITCHEN. Dishwasher, washing	Welcome to Central Paris in the quiet atmosphere of a flowered Garden. Large furnished design Top Floor apartment with a unique Garden-Terrace and a view : Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, roofs of Paris. All modern amenities and comfort to feel at home VERY NICE AND LARGE TOP FLOOR APPART 88 sq m (960 sq f) . South oriented TERRACE 26 sq m ( 300 sq f) .  Large apartment with two bedrooms, modern kitchen and big dining/living room with sofa beds. The apartment has been recently renovated (Mai 2015) and is very modern and stylish. + 1 OVERSIZED LIVING ROOM 45 sqm (490 sq f) +2 LARGE BEDROOMS .  + BIG FLOWERED TERRACE 30 sq m (320 sq m) .  Up to 5 people  - EIFFEL TOWER VIEW, and other major monuments: Sacré Coeur, Bastille, etc… - South oriented TERRACE, with flowers and furniture, BBQ, - Unusual in Paris 11th district (centre of Paris, walking distance from Le Marais and Notre Dame). Quiet and sunny Apt, wooden floor. Near subway (line 2, 3,9) , bus (46, 69) - Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Super
27621	Joli studio très bien équipé et confortable : lit mezzanine 2 places, canapé lit 2 places, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, machine à laver, petite cuisine agréable, WIFI illimité. L'appartement est très lumineux, au 3ème étage, donnant sur une cour très agréable et tranquille. Vous pourrez utilisez le lit mezzanine ou le canapé lit comme vous préférez. Je vous laisserai toutes les bonnes adresses et infos pour que vous passiez un agréable séjour dans le quartier et dans l'appartement.  	Joli studio de 20m2, bien équipé, cosy et lumineux. Idéalement situé au cœur du 11ème arrondissement de Paris, proche des commerces et des transports, à 2 arrêts de métro des quartiers animés et branchés d’Oberkampf et de Parmentier.  Joli studio très bien équipé et confortable : lit mezzanine 2 places, canapé lit 2 places, salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, machine à laver, petite cuisine agréable, WIFI illimité. L'appartement est très lumineux, au 3ème étage, donnant sur une cour très agréable et tranquille. Vous pourrez utilisez le lit mezzanine ou le canapé lit comme vous préférez. Je vous laisserai toutes les bonnes adresses et infos pour que vous passiez un agréable séjour dans le quartier et dans l'appartement.  Je suis disponible avant et pendant votre séjour si vous avez le moindre besoin :)  Très bien situé, dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris, un des quartiers les plus branchés et chaleureux de la capitale.  A 15 min à pieds du quartier animé de Bastille, 10 min à pieds d
27622	The Studio is brand new, very design and easy to live in. You will feel like home for one weekend or for a longer journey. In this charming studio you could use a kitchen, a dish washer and a sofa bed. 	Menilmontant is famous for being an artist, living and folk neighborhood. From this charming studio under Parisian roofs, you will be at 10 min from Place de la République and less than 20 minutes from everywhere else. The Studio is brand new, very design and easy to live in. You will feel like home for one weekend or for a longer journey. In this charming studio you could use a kitchen, a dish washer and a sofa bed.  In the Studio you will have access to :  - Internet - Shower - Kitchen all included - Dish washing machine but the most important! You will have access to the whole City of Lights : Paris! You will be able to call me, text me, send me emails. I will responds them as quickly as I can. The Studio is located in a street very calm street, perpendicular to Oberkampf street which is a mythic nightlife neighborhood. If interested, I will give you all the good tips to hang out in bars and very good and prestigious restaurants. To get to the charming Studio, you can :  - Subway Me
27623	5 minutes walk from Bastille and Gare de Lyon , 15 minutes walk from the Marais and at the foot of the subway station Faidherbe -Chaligny (line 8). I offer my flat on the 4th floor , overlooking a courtyard. It is very quiet and bright. It consists of: -a living room ( Plasma, cable, dvd, ipod dock) ; -a bedroom with a double bed (140 * 200); -a kitchen (Nespresso, oven/microwave) ; -a shower room (a large sink and shower) ; -toillets ; And wifi is unlimited. In the district where Parisians live , the restaurants, art galleries and bakery of Cyril Lignac. I selected a list of delicious restaurants & atypical of unknown tourist. A few minutes from the flat : Louvre : 15 minutes Concorde : 20 minutes Eiffel Tower : 30 minutes Saint- Germain : 25 minutes Do not hesitate to contact me for more information . The flat is very calm, sunny and modern. It consists of: -one living room ; -one bedroom with a double bed (140 * 200); -one kitchen with a oven, micro wave, washing machine Nesspresso 	Paris cradle of creation, go unchallenged fashion and design. Bastille and Marais districts are where all meet. You can find the elegance and modernity in this charming Parisian apartment tastefully decorated. 5 minutes walk from Bastille and Gare de Lyon , 15 minutes walk from the Marais and at the foot of the subway station Faidherbe -Chaligny (line 8). I offer my flat on the 4th floor , overlooking a courtyard. It is very quiet and bright. It consists of: -a living room ( Plasma, cable, dvd, ipod dock) ; -a bedroom with a double bed (140 * 200); -a kitchen (Nespresso, oven/microwave) ; -a shower room (a large sink and shower) ; -toillets ; And wifi is unlimited. In the district where Parisians live , the restaurants, art galleries and bakery of Cyril Lignac. I selected a list of delicious restaurants & atypical of unknown tourist. A few minutes from the flat : Louvre : 15 minutes Concorde : 20 minutes Eiffel Tower : 30 minutes Saint- Germain : 25 minutes Do not hesitate to contact m
27624	L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble à deux pas du métro Père Lachaise dans le 20e arrondissement.  Très lumineux, il est composé d'un grand espace de vie commune avec un piano, un phonographe, une chaîne hi-fi, un jeu de fléchettes et canapé convertible en lit. La chambre, adjacente au salon, comporte un bureau, un lit double et des espaces de rangement pour accueillir deux personnes. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, plaques chauffantes, et d'un magnifique évier.  L'appartement est loué avec tous les meubles et ustensiles nécessaires à la vie quotidienne.  Dans la salle de bain se trouve une douche, des toilettes et une machine à laver. Deux personnes peuvent vivre dans l'appartement sans problème.	Appartement lumineux de 34 m² composé d'une chambre à coucher (avec lit double) et d'un salon avec canapé-lit, piano, phonographe, jeu de fléchettes, cuisine  équipée. Dans la salle de bain il y a une machine à laver, WC et douche. Quartier vivant. L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble à deux pas du métro Père Lachaise dans le 20e arrondissement.  Très lumineux, il est composé d'un grand espace de vie commune avec un piano, un phonographe, une chaîne hi-fi, un jeu de fléchettes et canapé convertible en lit. La chambre, adjacente au salon, comporte un bureau, un lit double et des espaces de rangement pour accueillir deux personnes. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, plaques chauffantes, et d'un magnifique évier.  L'appartement est loué avec tous les meubles et ustensiles nécessaires à la vie quotidienne.  Dans la salle de bain se trouve une douche, des toilettes et une machine à laver. Deux personnes peuvent vivre dans l'appartement sans problème. Tout l'appartement est di
27625	Comfortable architect-designed appartment, perfect for 2 people, couples of friends, or family on short stays or vacations in central Paris. The appartment is at the end of a private and very quiet alley. Calm and serenity, with all services available in walking distance.  This appartment has a very nice shared terrasse on which you can have your breakfast or a drink after on long day visiting Paris. It is at the ground floor & first floor (duplex). The living room is large and bright. The TV is connected to more than 300 channels and has a bluray/CD/DVD player.  ; Wifi is provided of course. The kitchen is completely tooled. New oven, brand new dishes. There is also a washer/dryer device,  fridge, dishwasher, iron/ironing board, etc. The bedroom has a king size bed. You will find linens and towels 	In a private and lush alley, relax on this secret terrace, or enjoy the Bastille night life and hype designers shops. Recently renovated  architect duplex appt in the heart of Bastille area. Confortable king size bed, large tub and shower, very calm. Comfortable architect-designed appartment, perfect for 2 people, couples of friends, or family on short stays or vacations in central Paris. The appartment is at the end of a private and very quiet alley. Calm and serenity, with all services available in walking distance.  This appartment has a very nice shared terrasse on which you can have your breakfast or a drink after on long day visiting Paris. It is at the ground floor & first floor (duplex). The living room is large and bright. The TV is connected to more than 300 channels and has a bluray/CD/DVD player.  ; Wifi is provided of course. The kitchen is completely tooled. New oven, brand new dishes. There is also a washer/dryer device,  fridge, dishwasher, iron/ironing board, etc. The 
27626		Nicely furbished and well-situated cosy apartment in the bobo-part of Paris. Great restaurants and cafés as well as supermarkets, parks and boutiques in walking distance. Different metro stations are only a 2-minutes-walk away.
27627	Entrance,  kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 3 bedroom, bathroom , many closets, electric heating radiators. - Bedrooms:  1 queen size bed (160x200) in the first bedroom, 2 single twin size beds (90x200) in the second bed-room and 1 queen size mezzanin bed (140x200) and 1 comfortable sofa bed (140x200) in the third room.  - Kitchen:  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge,  grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dish-washer, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom:  1. bathroom  with bathtub  1 bathroom with a shower, and a high quality toilet.  - Other equipments:  Unlimited Wi-Fi Internet access,  laundry machine, iron, iron table, and hairdryer. ★ THE NEIGHBORHOOD ★  Located in the heart of Gare de Lyon and Bastille, an historical, pedestrian, safe, friendly district, the apartment is located walking distance from, cafés, restaurants, bakeries, grocery stores, parks, public transporta-tion, and much more. 	Ce 4 pièces est spatieux et accueillant! Cuisine am, salon  accès sur terrasse pergola, idéal pour dejeuner au calme. Trois chambres à l'étage avec sdb baignoire wc. Métro à 50m,nation et bastille, situé au dessus d'un parc dans rue calme! Entrance,  kitchen completely equipped, wide living room with dining area, 3 bedroom, bathroom , many closets, electric heating radiators. - Bedrooms:  1 queen size bed (160x200) in the first bedroom, 2 single twin size beds (90x200) in the second bed-room and 1 queen size mezzanin bed (140x200) and 1 comfortable sofa bed (140x200) in the third room.  - Kitchen:  The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge,  grill, cooktop, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, dish-washer, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. - Bathroom:  1. bathroom  with bathtub  1 bathroom with a shower, and a high quality toilet.  - Other equipments:  Unlimited Wi-Fi Internet access,  laundry machine, iron, iron table, and hairdryer. ★ THE NEIGHBORHOOD ★  Located in the heart of Gare d
27628	The apartment is very calm and bright. It has a very comfortable futon bed which is convertible in a sofa easily, two large windows, a separate bathroom with bathtub, and a small kitchen with a table for two. I really enjoy living here the rest of the year, and I will make everything to make you feel at home!	My studio is located in the central district of Republique one of the best area in Paris, ideal to walk around on the Canal Saint Martin, have drinks in Oberkampf and do shopping in Le Marais.  It is 20m2, fully furnished, very calm and sunny. The apartment is very calm and bright. It has a very comfortable futon bed which is convertible in a sofa easily, two large windows, a separate bathroom with bathtub, and a small kitchen with a table for two. I really enjoy living here the rest of the year, and I will make everything to make you feel at home! You will have access to the entire studio, and to a big closet. I will be in Paris the whole month of July if you need anything and to share my favorite adresses (restaurants, bars, shops) with you. In august I won't be there, but I'll give you all the information you need by email. I love my city and neighborhood and know them very well, so I'll make sure you get the true Parisian experience ! My studio is located in the 11th district betwe
27629	1 living room with a bed for two persons, table and two chairs. Real bathroom with shower, window and a washing machine (walls a little crumbling).  Internet by ethernet or wifi.  Fantastic view on an old church from the main window. 4th floor. Very nice building with an inside court and studios for painters. Clean sheets, towels, everything you need to eat and cook : fridge, electric stoves and an oven.  Wall-to-wall carpet. Ideal for a couple visiting Paris! Supermarkets downstairs, banks and post office very nearby.  A lot of cool and trendy bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood (5 mn walk). 5 mn from the Canal St Martin, Père-Lachaise 15 mn by foot, Beaubourg 20 mn by foot. 	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished apartement in one of the most popular and trendy part of Paris!  1 living room with a bed for two persons, table and two chairs. Real bathroom with shower, window and a washing machine (walls a little crumbling).  Internet by ethernet or wifi.  Fantastic view on an old church from the main window. 4th floor. Very nice building with an inside court and studios for painters. Clean sheets, towels, everything you need to eat and cook : fridge, electric stoves and an oven.  Wall-to-wall carpet. Ideal for a couple visiting Paris! Supermarkets downstairs, banks and post office very nearby.  A lot of cool and trendy bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood (5 mn walk). 5 mn from the Canal St Martin, Père-Lachaise 15 mn by foot, Beaubourg 20 mn by foot. Small Kitchen, internet, washing machine. Métro: Goncourt, line 11 (5 mn), Belleville , line 2 (8mn), Parmentier and Rue St Maur
27630	A nice bright living room and a confy bedroom with a double bed. The kitchen comes fully furnished and the bathroom is totally functional I'm available at all time Lots of restaurants bars and places where to go out. You can walk by the canal of have a nice diner out. Go to the theatre or enjoy a drink in one of the many cool bars of the area Republique subway station within 5 min walk Very central	Warm and welcoming flat in a lively area. The apartment comes with a fully furnished kitchen, a living room with a Sofa bed and a bedroom with a double bed and a dresser.  5 min walk from République and close to pretty much everything A nice bright living room and a confy bedroom with a double bed. The kitchen comes fully furnished and the bathroom is totally functional I'm available at all time Lots of restaurants bars and places where to go out. You can walk by the canal of have a nice diner out. Go to the theatre or enjoy a drink in one of the many cool bars of the area Republique subway station within 5 min walk Very central I'm available at all time French-English speaking Lots of restaurants bars and places where to go out. You can walk by the canal of have a nice diner out. Go to the theatre or enjoy a drink in one of the many cool bars of the area Republique subway station within 5 min walk Very central
27631		Studio (20m) bien situé, quartier sympa. Petit salon avec coin cuisine et chambre avec salle d eau. Bonne luminosité. Toilette séparé et ascenseur.
27632	Check the Video (older than the pictures) we made, better than words! (website hidden) 360 sq feets, fully furnished. Wifi You or a friend can visit before 1 week : 290€ 1 month : 990€ 5th floor without elevator!! Digicode and digipass, intercom, so, securised Simple, clean, quiet / really confortable for 2pers. Little kitchen (with  all you need, microwave, gaz) Little bathroom(simple shower, very clean) Wc 1 bedroom room (with space, double bed, wardrobe, desk for computer etc...) 1 living room (with space too, 2 nice coachs, desk for tv, and hifi, tables etc...) 5 metro lines around : 8th (faidherbe chaligny station) @ 1mn walking direct to republique, opéra, concorde ..................................................1st (reuilly diderot station )@ 5mn walking, direct to louvre museum, chatelet, champs elysées etc...! ..................................................2nd (nation station) @ 10mn walking direct to pigalle, montmartre etc... ............................................	Walking without shoes on our wooden floor, the sun hot the coffee in the morning, on the table, staying in one of the best street for restaurant in Paris (Paul Bert street), having the subway just down the building...What more? ;-) Check the Video (older than the pictures) we made, better than words! (website hidden) 360 sq feets, fully furnished. Wifi You or a friend can visit before 1 week : 290€ 1 month : 990€ 5th floor without elevator!! Digicode and digipass, intercom, so, securised Simple, clean, quiet / really confortable for 2pers. Little kitchen (with  all you need, microwave, gaz) Little bathroom(simple shower, very clean) Wc 1 bedroom room (with space, double bed, wardrobe, desk for computer etc...) 1 living room (with space too, 2 nice coachs, desk for tv, and hifi, tables etc...) 5 metro lines around : 8th (faidherbe chaligny station) @ 1mn walking direct to republique, opéra, concorde ..................................................1st (reuilly diderot station )@ 5mn wa
27633	"Stylish Flat for 4 people fully equipped in a perfect location  The flat has just been remodeled with quality materials, it is located at the 4th floor with elevator and surrounded by 3 supermarkets,  3 bakeries at a few steps, and many other shops like delicatessens, wine shop, ect ....""Bobo"" neighborhood with many cafés and restaurants, 5 min walk from both Bastille and Place des Vosges / Le Marais, 10 min from Oberkampf. The Room 1 contains two single beds, a chimney, parquet The second Room 2 contains one double bed, a wardrobe, a desk, a chimney, parquet Living room/Dining room : design couch for 3 to 4, projector, screen, home cinema, chimney, parquet, a wooden table for 6 with 6 antique chairs The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, micro waves, robot, mixer, dish washer, plates and flatwares, parquet The bathroom is with bathtub, towel warmer, marble Separate WC, marble There is a washing machine and dryer at your disposal.  Bed linens and towels are provided. The flat is avai"	"Stylish Flat for 4 people fully equipped in a perfect location  The flat has just been remodeled with quality materials, it is located at the 4th floor with elevator and surrounded by 3 supermarkets,  3 bakeries at a few steps, and many other shops like delicatessens, wine shop, ect ....""Bobo"" neighborhood with many cafés and restaurants, 5 min walk from both Bastille and Place des Vosges / Le Marais, 10 min from Oberkampf. The Room 1 contains two single beds, a chimney, parquet The second Room 2 contains one double bed, a wardrobe, a desk, a chimney, parquet Living room/Dining room : design couch for 3 to 4, projector, screen, home cinema, chimney, parquet, a wooden table for 6 with 6 antique chairs The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, micro waves, robot, mixer, dish washer, plates and flatwares, parquet The bathroom is with bathtub, towel warmer, marble Separate WC, marble There is a washing machine and dryer at your disposal.  Bed linens and towels are provided. The flat is avai"
27634	En plein centre de Paris. Facilement accessible par métro.  Studio chaleureux, clair, 3 fenêtres, donne sur cour. Cuisine équipée.  Salle de bain avec baignoire. Un coin bureau ou table pour manger. Lit 2 places très confortable + canapé convertible 2 personnes. 	26m² studio in the 11th district, metro station : Voltaire (line 9) in a very dynamic neighborhood (bars, restaurants, shops) and close to Bastille / Nation / République. Metro line close : 1 / 2 / 5 / 8 
27635		Appartement de 2 pièces avec un Clic-Clac dans chacune d'elle. Il est situé à Nation idéalement desservi par les transports ( RER A, Métro 1,2,6 et 9). De nombreux commerces sont à proximité.
27636	"Pretty nice 38sm apartment in the district of ""Bastille"". Two-rooms furnished  flat including one bedroom for two people."	"Pretty nice 38sm apartment in the district of ""Bastille"". Two-rooms furnished  flat including one bedroom for two people."
27637	My apartment has just been fully renovated (I am an architect). It's a railroad apartment, very bright and surprisingly quiet (we can hear the birds!).	120 sq ft room on a 3rd floor of an upscale building. Very calm, bright and with view on the garden and the Parisian roofs. Access to the bathroom and to the kitchen for breakfast, which is included. Free dedicated parking space inside the building. My apartment has just been fully renovated (I am an architect). It's a railroad apartment, very bright and surprisingly quiet (we can hear the birds!). 120 sq ft bedroom in the a 3rd floor apartment of an upscale building.  Particularly quiet and bright, with view on the garden and Parisian roofs. Access to the share bathroom and kitchen for breakfast only, stocked with coffee, tea, toast, butter and jam for your use. Free parking space on the lower level. I will personally greet you if I am there, otherwise when I am traveling for work (which is often), you will be greeted by my friend Nabil who will be staying in the apartment. We are both available to answer your questions. In the heart of 11th district, lively Oberkampf neighborhood, cl
27638	L'appartement est situé dans un petit passage au calme, au cœur de Paris (11ème arrondissement). A 10 minutes à pieds de Bastille ou 10 minutes à pieds de Nation.  Beaucoup de commerces de proximité. Quartier vivant mais non bruyant. (il se situe dans un passage) Très lumineux et agréable a vivre	         Oportunidad unica!   
27639	- The apartment is located within feet of metro station Ledru Rollin (line 8), in a very cool neighborhood with lots of bars, restaurants and cafes. - The apartment opens out into a courtyard, so it's very quiet.  - Lots of natural light. - Near metro lines 1, 5 and 8. Bus stops in front of the apartment. Walking distance from Gare de Lyon, if you're arriving by train. - Grocery store on the corner.  - Washer-dryer in the apartment.  - Free WiFi.  - Plenty of storage	Experience a perfect Parisian experience with this clean, functional, perfectly located studio apartment.  A five minute walk to Bastille, this apartment is a quiet oasis in the heart of Parisian cafes and night life. - The apartment is located within feet of metro station Ledru Rollin (line 8), in a very cool neighborhood with lots of bars, restaurants and cafes. - The apartment opens out into a courtyard, so it's very quiet.  - Lots of natural light. - Near metro lines 1, 5 and 8. Bus stops in front of the apartment. Walking distance from Gare de Lyon, if you're arriving by train. - Grocery store on the corner.  - Washer-dryer in the apartment.  - Free WiFi.  - Plenty of storage The guest will have full access to the apartment. We'll arrange a time to meet you with the keys; you can then leave the keys in the apartment when you check out. We'll leave a list of the best spots in the neighborhood for our guests. Great neighborhood, with cafes, bars, restaurants, with some popular class
27640	The apartment is equipped with many facilities and it is 55 mq located on the first floor The flat is non smoking but the big windows in the living room provides you a place were enjoy your cigarette without the smoke still in to the flat. In the apartment, a high speed internet wifi connection is available and complimentary. If you need it, just brink your personal computer with you, the password will be given to you from our contact person. We will give you two pair of keys, bed linen, bath towels, cloths, and a baby bed for child from 0 to 5 years old with sides, complete with pillow and sheets; a baby chair is also available. The heating system is independent and you can easily manage it through the Heating control display in the leaving room. One double bed is located in the room, one double sofa bed and one single sofa bed are located in the leaving room; their open-closing system is very easy to use. 	Our flat is 55sqm, each room has independent access for total privacy of the occupants . It is in the Marais between workshops , art galleries and gourmet shops, 50 meters from the M8 , calm , quiet on the 1st floor of a historic building. The apartment is equipped with many facilities and it is 55 mq located on the first floor The flat is non smoking but the big windows in the living room provides you a place were enjoy your cigarette without the smoke still in to the flat. In the apartment, a high speed internet wifi connection is available and complimentary. If you need it, just brink your personal computer with you, the password will be given to you from our contact person. We will give you two pair of keys, bed linen, bath towels, cloths, and a baby bed for child from 0 to 5 years old with sides, complete with pillow and sheets; a baby chair is also available. The heating system is independent and you can easily manage it through the Heating control display in the leaving room. On
27641		je loue une chambre dans appartement 55m toute commodité canal st martin centre de paris bienvenue a tous voyageurs du monde entier
27642		Hello ! I have a free bedroom to rent in the upper side of paris, near all the atractions and places to visit, and amazing parks! It has a big bed, wardrobes, desk, chair and a nice curtain You also have a kitchen and a bathroom to share with me kitchan and bathroom access. im here to help ! very animated - bars, restaurants, shops, 2 nice parks. 2 mins of the metro station and 30 seconds from a bike station !
27643	Lots of charm, completely renovated, simple. 18th C Parisian building 4th floor. Lively area filled with young professionals and families as well,  cafés & gourmet food,  antic shops, easy transportation  with several subway and bus lines.  Alligre great market and  Opera Bastille less than 5 mn walking distance!	Elegant, loft-style, pale grey walls, sunny (South).  Nice view on a square & Haussmanian bldgs in 1 of Paris oldest streets.  Lively Alligre market next door, friendly cafés and gourmet restaurants. Washing-machine, wifi, tv. Airy, fully renovated. Lots of charm, completely renovated, simple. 18th C Parisian building 4th floor. Lively area filled with young professionals and families as well,  cafés & gourmet food,  antic shops, easy transportation  with several subway and bus lines.  Alligre great market and  Opera Bastille less than 5 mn walking distance! Internet, téléphone, HD TV + we can help and  provide guidance if needed. Bastille area, Alligre Market 2 mn walking distance, nice little parisian cafés and gourmet food,  pleasant garden square accross the street, Place de la Bastille 5 mn, a mixed of Hipster and family friendly area, bike lanes, lots of small, pedestrian streets to explore.... Subway (line 8), accross the street; Bus 91; Train station Gare de Lyon 10 mn walking 
27644	Situé en angle, ce qui participe à son charme avec ses pans coupés, l'appartement bénéficie de fenêtres aux beaux garde-corps ouvragés dans toutes les pièces. Il est baigné de soleil tout le matin, ce que vous apprécierez particulièrement sur son balcon fleuri, équipé d'une petite table et de deux chaises. Ses fenêtres isolantes assurent le calme, au sein de ce quartier vivant. Au 2e étage, avec ascenseur.	In the very lively Oberkampf district, this 53m2 seduce you with its decor, its size, its beautiful view, its small balcony for sunbathing all morning...You are in the heart of Paris, between République and Bastille, close to the Marais! Situé en angle, ce qui participe à son charme avec ses pans coupés, l'appartement bénéficie de fenêtres aux beaux garde-corps ouvragés dans toutes les pièces. Il est baigné de soleil tout le matin, ce que vous apprécierez particulièrement sur son balcon fleuri, équipé d'une petite table et de deux chaises. Ses fenêtres isolantes assurent le calme, au sein de ce quartier vivant. Au 2e étage, avec ascenseur. A tout l'appartement, hormis le dressing de la chambre, où je laisse mes affaires plus personnelles. Mais vous aurez un portant et des placards pour ranger les vôtres ! Vous aurez notamment à disposition une carte où sont indiqués les meilleurs commerces, les arrêts de bus et de métros... Et vous pourrez me joindre à tout moment ! Très vivant, il acc
27645		Shared Apartment PRICE PER GUEST: Total Capacity: 6 universitaires et jeune travailleurs 1 Bedroom/Chambre 2 Bathroom/Salles de Baine 1 Big Livingroom+Bedroom/Salon+Chambre 1 Kitchen/Cuisine 1 Big Closet/Vestiaire
27646	This beautiful apartment for 14 travelers of 125  m2 / 1345 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 8 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) - 1 mezzanine with 8 single beds (bunk beds)  (90 cm x 200 cm = 35 in x 79 in) - 3 bathrooms - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment is perfect for welcoming a whole family, a group of friends or just a couple looking for a nice, spacious place to enjoy and relax in Paris.  The apartment has everything you need to cook and	125  m2  - 4 chambres, 3 salle de bains, 3 toilettes, 14 couchages This beautiful apartment for 14 travelers of 125  m2 / 1345 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 8 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) - 1 mezzanine with 8 single beds (bunk beds)  (90 cm x 200 cm = 35 in x 79 in) - 3 bathrooms - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment is perfect for welcoming a whole family, a group of friends or just a couple looking for a nice, spacious place to enjoy and
27647	This beautiful apartment for 14 travelers of 133  m2 / 1432 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 8 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) - 1 mezzanine with 8 single beds (bunk beds)  (90 cm x 200 cm = 35 in x 79 in) - 3 bathrooms - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment is perfect for welcoming a whole family, a group of friends or just a couple looking for a nice, spacious place to enjoy and relax in Paris.  The apartment has everything you need to cook and	133  m2 - 4 chambres, 3 salle de bains, 3 toilettes, 14 couchages This beautiful apartment for 14 travelers of 133  m2 / 1432 sq feet is part of a building with 4 apartment to rent. The spirit of building and lofts is industrial and wood Within minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, several bathrooms, home cinema, LCD TV, high-end appliances... You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 3 double beds and 8 single beds. The apartment has a cot for baby too Apartment details: - 3 bedrooms with double size bed (140 cm x 200 cm = 55 in x 79 in) - 1 mezzanine with 8 single beds (bunk beds)  (90 cm x 200 cm = 35 in x 79 in) - 3 bathrooms - 3 toilets - Babies equipment - Sheets and towels included - WIFI free access - Air Conditioning This apartment is perfect for welcoming a whole family, a group of friends or just a couple looking for a nice, spacious place to enjoy and 
27648	Charming & cosy non smoking studio (12 m 2) newly renovated and furnished located in the 11 arrondissement, top floor ( with elevator!) very central location (Oberkampf/ Parmentier) just in front of the subway station. Perfect for 1 person or 1 couple looking for a animated area. It is located at the last floor on a typical parisian building with elevator and code ( entrance) + buzzer. Inside, there is  a kitchen fully equipped, a separate shower + toilet and a brand new sofa convertible of high quality.  Sheet and towels are provided + Internet wireless. +TV ( coffee & tea as well)  	Charming, tiny & cosy non smoking studio (12 m 2) newly renovated located in the coolest 11 arrondissement, on the last floor (elevator) in a typical parisian building. Very convenient neighborhood to visit & ( hopefully) enjoy Paris.  Charming & cosy non smoking studio (12 m 2) newly renovated and furnished located in the 11 arrondissement, top floor ( with elevator!) very central location (Oberkampf/ Parmentier) just in front of the subway station. Perfect for 1 person or 1 couple looking for a animated area. It is located at the last floor on a typical parisian building with elevator and code ( entrance) + buzzer. Inside, there is  a kitchen fully equipped, a separate shower + toilet and a brand new sofa convertible of high quality.  Sheet and towels are provided + Internet wireless. +TV ( coffee & tea as well)  I will be there to welcome you mostly of the time since I live right to the next door.  Very cool neighborhood with plenty of cool café, bistrot, a great food market twice a
27649	 Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood near the Canal Saint Martin it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door without the haste and the noise when you are indoors resting about an artistic and eclectic elegant decoration with a clean white backdrop. The living room and dining room areas are ideal to relax and gather together and share privileged moments in the city of lights.	This light-filled three bedroom loft on the top floor with terrace will make the ideal home for you in the city of Lights! Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood near the Canal Saint Martin it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door without the haste and the noise when you are indoors resting about an artistic and eclectic elegant decoration with a clean white backdrop. The living room and dining room areas are ideal to relax and gather together and share privileged moments in the city of lights. The apartment comfortably sleeps 5 guests. The master bedroom has a king size bed, the guest room a queen size bed, and there is an additional bedroom room with a twin bed. There are 3 bathrooms, the master has an en suite shower. The living room and two of the other rooms open directly onto a large private outdoor garden terrace where you can enjoy your breakfast
27650	Studio 24m2 équipé avec un grand balcon dans résidence récente et très sécurisée. Entrée, salle de bain neuve avec baignoire, grand séjour/chambre et cuisine séparée. Le tout dans un quartier vivant et proche des grands points de Paris. Appartement neuf dans résidence sécurisée. Tout équipé avec balcon donnant sur des petits jardins et sans vis-à-vis. Quartier vivant avec toutes commodités à moins de 5 minutes à pied (commerces, restaurants, transports, etc...). Vous pouvez accéder au logement par le métro, le bus ou par voiture (nombreux stationnements). Plusieurs stations de vélib sont également à proximité. Propriétaire d'un chat vivant avec moi dans cet appartement, je tiens à prévenir les personnes susceptibles d'y être allergique. Il ne sera évidemment pas présent dans le studio lors de votre venue.	24m2 flat with a large balcony in a new residence. Entrance, bright bathroom with bath, livingroom/bedroom and separate kitchen. All in a lively neighborhood and close to the major sites of Paris.
27651	Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood near the Canal Saint Martin it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door. This is the perfect chic hideaway to discover the best of Paris and make your stay unforgettable!	This light one  bedroom will make the ideal home for you in the city of Lights! Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood near Canal Saint Martin . Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood near the Canal Saint Martin it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door. This is the perfect chic hideaway to discover the best of Paris and make your stay unforgettable!
27652	The apartment is in a beautiful building built in 1970 - not your classic Hausmann-esque Parisian apartment block, almost Japanese in ambience.  7th floor, floor to ceiling windows and facing the courtyard approximately 50m from the street means you get loads of natural light all day long with very little to no street noise. The thoughtfully constructed apartment makes very good use of the 37m2 of space.	Very nice practical one bedroom in Paris' buzzing 11th arrondissement.  The apartment has plenty of room for one or two people, including everything you may need.  Lots of light & facing the courtyard, it's the perfect spot for a good night's rest. The apartment is in a beautiful building built in 1970 - not your classic Hausmann-esque Parisian apartment block, almost Japanese in ambience.  7th floor, floor to ceiling windows and facing the courtyard approximately 50m from the street means you get loads of natural light all day long with very little to no street noise. The thoughtfully constructed apartment makes very good use of the 37m2 of space. The apartment comprises of one combined sleeping and living space, with 2 futons - you can either slide them together for a queen-size, or split them apart for 2 singles. Note these are quality futons - not your budget student-style slumber. There's a desk that doubles as a dining table, hi-fi, fibre optic high speed wi-fi, kitchen with ever
27653	Appartement très lumineux et idéalement situé pour visiter Paris (Père Lachaise, République, Champs Elysées, Tour Eiffel...). La station de métro Parmentier est à 5 minutes à pied, l'endroit est très vivant de part ses restaurants, bars et commerces.	Take advantage of this flat to discover Paris during a weekend or more. Placed on the line 3 of the subway Parmentier in lively area, the flat has an area of 25m ² (mezannine, kitchen, lounge, bathroom) and it's very bright. ALL I can give you a map and informations about Paris. Métro Parmentier - Line 3 close to métro République (lines 5, 9, 11, 8, 3) and métro Couronnes as well (line 2). Bus 46 and 96
27654	Notre petit appartement est bien pratique à vivre. Il y a une chambre bien isolé qui donne sur une cours et on y dort donc très bien. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle et bien équipée (machine à laver le linge et machine à laver la vaisselle, four et tous les robots qui vont bien...) La salle de bains n'est pas immense mais elle est bien chauffée et on peu y prendre des bains :-) La salon est spacieux et lumineux (il donne sur la rue mais le vis à vis n'est pas gênant: se sont les bureaux de la RATP), on peut y manger entre amis, faire la fête ou y faire dormir des amis. Le salon et la chambre sont tous les deux en accès direct avec la porte de sortie ce qui est bien pratique pour aller se balader sans réveiller tous le monde... Enfin bref, nous on y est très bien, on espère qu'il vous plaira aussi.	Nous avons récemment emménagé à Paris dans un appartement que nous avons façonné à notre goût et dans lequel nous nous faisons une joie de vous accueillir. Il est lumineux, dans une rue calme et a l'avantage d’être très bien situé. Notre petit appartement est bien pratique à vivre. Il y a une chambre bien isolé qui donne sur une cours et on y dort donc très bien. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle et bien équipée (machine à laver le linge et machine à laver la vaisselle, four et tous les robots qui vont bien...) La salle de bains n'est pas immense mais elle est bien chauffée et on peu y prendre des bains :-) La salon est spacieux et lumineux (il donne sur la rue mais le vis à vis n'est pas gênant: se sont les bureaux de la RATP), on peut y manger entre amis, faire la fête ou y faire dormir des amis. Le salon et la chambre sont tous les deux en accès direct avec la porte de sortie ce qui est bien pratique pour aller se balader sans réveiller tous le monde... Enfin bref, nous on y est trè
27655		Cet appartement se situe dans un bel immeuble bois typiquement parisien, aux poutres apparentes et mur en pierres de taille. Au pied de la place Faidherbe, quartier charmant et dynamique, l'appartement reste calme, avec chambre sur cour interieure Le métro est sur la place Faidherbe Chaligny, ainsi que de nombres stations de velib', idéales pour découvrir paris différemment.
27656	En plein cœur de Paris Metro a 1 minute a pied voltaire  Entourée de commerce  Charmant deux pièces très calme et agréable	Superbe appartement au cœur de Paris, dans un quartier dynamique. Immeuble parfaitement propre avec ascenseur au deuxième étage. Deux pièces très confortables avec rangement. En plein cœur de Paris Metro a 1 minute a pied voltaire  Entourée de commerce  Charmant deux pièces très calme et agréable Bus 61 Métro ligne 9 Beaucoup de commerce a proximité.
27657	I rent my beautiful apartment located at the center of Paris. In a very charming and  typical neighbourood, close to the canal Saint Martin and close to the Maris. I love the location, and I love to live here. I like the people living around, and all the Birtrots and restaurants, a galleries .	I rent my beautiful apartment located at the center of Paris. In a very charming and  typical neighbourood, close to the canal Saint Martin and close to the Maris. I love the location, and I love to live here. I like the people living around, and all the Birtrots and restaurants, a galleries .
27658	Avec les lignes 2 et 3 de métro, et les lignes 69 et 61 de bus, tous les grands sites touristiques de paris sont accessibles très facilement. Le studio se situe au dernier étage (6ème étage sans ascenseur), il se  compose d'une chambre, d'une petite cuisine séparée (grille pain, bouilloire, cuiseur à riz, plaques électriques, vaisselles...) et d'une petite salle de douche séparée (douche et toilettes).  Le studio est lumineux et fonctionnel, il donne sur une cour avec une jolie vue sur une église du 11ème (cf photo).   	Studio cosy de 16 m² en face du cimetière Père lachaise à 1 min à pied du métro Père Lachaise (ligne 2 et 3 ) et des lignes de bus (61 et 69). Commerces, cafés, marché de Ménilmontant à proximité. Le studio meublé est parfait pour découvrir Paris. Avec les lignes 2 et 3 de métro, et les lignes 69 et 61 de bus, tous les grands sites touristiques de paris sont accessibles très facilement. Le studio se situe au dernier étage (6ème étage sans ascenseur), il se  compose d'une chambre, d'une petite cuisine séparée (grille pain, bouilloire, cuiseur à riz, plaques électriques, vaisselles...) et d'une petite salle de douche séparée (douche et toilettes).  Le studio est lumineux et fonctionnel, il donne sur une cour avec une jolie vue sur une église du 11ème (cf photo).
27659	Very clear appartment in the East of Paris. 1 bedroom with 2 Little beds, 1 kitchen with all equipment, 1 shower room, 1 big dining room with 1 sofa-bed for 2 persons, and one more for one. 1wc.	"Very clear appartment in the East of Paris. 1 bedroom with 2 Little beds, 1 kitchen with all equipment, 1 shower room, 1 big dining room with 1 sofa-bed for 2 persons, and one more for one. 1wc. Of course, I Will welcome you and give you à lot of information to visit Paris and help you. The flat is very closed from the cimetery of the ""Père Lachaise"". Very closed from the underground, a good baker and so on. You only could smoke outside the dining room on the Little balconny. Not inside.  Very quiet."
27660		Description : Beau studio tout confort, cuisine équipée  au coeur de Paris à 2 pas de la place de la Bastille et du célèbre cimetière Père Lachaise. Plusieurs lignes de métro et bus, tous commerces, marché, piscine. Location à la semaine ou au mois.
27661		Appartement tout équipés. DVD, internet, TV cablée... Les restaurants. Proche de Bastille et de Nation Metro RER BUS 
27662	Really nice apartment in Paris, with nice courtyard quiet neighborhood, 14 min from the city center by metro or biking	Cosy and quiet 50m2 apartment in Nation, with a courtyard, and sunny!  Close to the city center, the Marais. Close to Bastille and République. Bikes to rent in the street. Close to metro Nation and all conveniences! Really nice apartment in Paris, with nice courtyard quiet neighborhood, 14 min from the city center by metro or biking You have access to all rooms in the flat, kitchen, living room, bathroom! WIFI, sound system Of course we can help you during your stay, recommending nice places to hang out (bars; restaurant) and with practical infos! 3 minutes from metro AVRON 5 minutes from the metro NATION (lines 2, 6, 9, RER A & B)  3 minutes from the closest VELIB biking station Super quiet location because the flat is far from the road; only negative point  I would say is that the upstairs neighbors have children and you can hear them walk in the morning if you sleep light
27663	My place is perfect for a single person searching for some quiet place, for friends or a couple with children willing to enjoy the atmosphere of the trendy area of the 11th, also being very close to Le Marais. The entrance door is on the fourth floor, there is no elevator as most flats in that area. I would say it is very manageable as I am dealing with it everyday with my family. In the apartment, there is a comfortable bathroom with shower, it just has been renovated, it is all white ad very clean! The separated kitchen is also very clean. There is a cat that will not enter your bedroom. And I swear it is never smelly in my place!	Room for 1 or 2 persons in 82msq flat Top area My place is perfect for a single person searching for some quiet place, for friends or a couple with children willing to enjoy the atmosphere of the trendy area of the 11th, also being very close to Le Marais. The entrance door is on the fourth floor, there is no elevator as most flats in that area. I would say it is very manageable as I am dealing with it everyday with my family. In the apartment, there is a comfortable bathroom with shower, it just has been renovated, it is all white ad very clean! The separated kitchen is also very clean. There is a cat that will not enter your bedroom. And I swear it is never smelly in my place!
27664	Maison 122 is a superb typically Parisian flat, uniquely decorated and very well located at the heart of the hyped and trendy Oberkampf area.  It has 3 independent rooms (645 square ft) and 4 beds. It can easily accommodate up to 6 persons. Maison 122 is very well located in the heart of the hyped and trendy Oberkampf district, with numerous bars and restaurants, not far from the Canal Saint-Martin (10-minute walk) and the Marais (15-to-20 minute walk). The flat offers easy access to the subway (stations Parmentier, Oberkampf, Goncourt and République), buses and even Vélib (station just in front of the building). The flat is located on the fifth floor, accessible by elevator, of an Haussmanian building, with moldings and herringbone-pattern (“points de Hongrie”) wooden floors and a balcony all along the flat. It faces south and is very bright and sunny most of the time. There is a total of 4 beds in the flat (2 double beds and 2 single beds) : Room 1: 140 x 190 cm double bed (22-cm-thi	Maison 122 is a superb typically Parisian flat, uniquely decorated and very well located in the heart of the hyped and trendy Oberkampf area.  It has 3 independent rooms (645 square ft) and 4 beds. It can easily accommodate up to 6 persons. Maison 122 is a superb typically Parisian flat, uniquely decorated and very well located at the heart of the hyped and trendy Oberkampf area.  It has 3 independent rooms (645 square ft) and 4 beds. It can easily accommodate up to 6 persons. Maison 122 is very well located in the heart of the hyped and trendy Oberkampf district, with numerous bars and restaurants, not far from the Canal Saint-Martin (10-minute walk) and the Marais (15-to-20 minute walk). The flat offers easy access to the subway (stations Parmentier, Oberkampf, Goncourt and République), buses and even Vélib (station just in front of the building). The flat is located on the fifth floor, accessible by elevator, of an Haussmanian building, with moldings and herringbone-pattern (“points
27665	Appartement très lumineux , très calme et nouveau. 2 pièces: Salon-cuisine équipée et chambre avec salon clic-clac pour deux personnes, et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Internet, machine à laver, cave, parking de vélos et vélib en bas la rue.	Apt. nouveau, très calme et lumineux. Situé au cœur de Paris, entre la Place République et le canal Saint-Martin, un des quartiers plus dynamiques, vivants et beaux de Paris.  Chambre avec lit (2 places) + matelas (2pl) commode et gonflable au salon. Appartement très lumineux , très calme et nouveau. 2 pièces: Salon-cuisine équipée et chambre avec salon clic-clac pour deux personnes, et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Internet, machine à laver, cave, parking de vélos et vélib en bas la rue. 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Nous avons des amis qui restent sur Paris: ils peuvent vous aider si vous avez des questions ou si vous avez besoin de l'aide. J'ai vécu dans plusieurs endroits de Paris et ce quartier est mon préféré, juste au début du canal Saint-Martin (photos) et à deux pas de la Place de la République (photo). Un quartier très joli et sympa, vivant, jeune et proche de tout. Et malgré tout cela, on entend rien depuis l’appartement, sauf les oiseaux qui chantent! :) Très bien communiq
27666	the apt is very comfortable, it's 55m2 so it's really good for 2/3 people.  The location is really nice, 2min walk from the voltaire subway.  5min walk from Bastille, 15 from Le Marais	55m2 Apartment in the heart of the 11st parisian district, an area alive, fool of restaurants and cafes. Very quiet street,  One big living room and one bog bed room.  Full equipped kitchen. New bathroom. Toilets.  Has wifi. the apt is very comfortable, it's 55m2 so it's really good for 2/3 people.  The location is really nice, 2min walk from the voltaire subway.  5min walk from Bastille, 15 from Le Marais The entire apt and all its facilities. I can interact as much as u need! perfect neighborhood, very lively. Always has new restaurants opening and pleasant coffee places.  The street is very quiet though and u won't be bothered at all. subway: line 9- voltaire (2min walk) line 1,5,8-bastille (5/10min walk) buses: (phone number hidden)
27667	"Je vous propose pour logement une charmante studette idéalement situé proche de Voltaire - Bastille - Père Lachaise afin de profiter de notre belle capitale. Cette agréable studette (14 m2) situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien. calme avec digicode : salon avec canapé-lit (draps et couette fournis), cuisine  équipée (vaisselle, plaques électriques, four à micro ondes avec gril, bouilloire, etc.), salle de bains (douche ) avec WC. Idéal seul ou à 2 vous ferez de ce charmant cocon votre ""home sweet home""pour l'espace d'un week-end à plusieurs jours ! "	"Je vous propose pour logement un charmant studio Paris 11 ème idéalement situé proche de Charonne - Voltaire - Bastille - Père Lachaise afin de profiter de notre belle capitale. Je vous propose pour logement une charmante studette idéalement situé proche de Voltaire - Bastille - Père Lachaise afin de profiter de notre belle capitale. Cette agréable studette (14 m2) situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien. calme avec digicode : salon avec canapé-lit (draps et couette fournis), cuisine  équipée (vaisselle, plaques électriques, four à micro ondes avec gril, bouilloire, etc.), salle de bains (douche ) avec WC. Idéal seul ou à 2 vous ferez de ce charmant cocon votre ""home sweet home""pour l'espace d'un week-end à plusieurs jours ! . Logés dans une rue calme et sûre d'un quartier tranquille & pittoresque, vous serez au cœur de la ville et de ses principales attractions ! En outre, sur place vous profitez de nombreux commerces de proximité (épiceries, minimarket, traiteurs, boulangeries, bouch"
27668	Notre appartement  est très agréable au premier étage d'un immeuble haussmanien dans une rue calme. Situé en bas du square de la Roquette et à deux pas du Cimetière du Père Lachaise.  	Notre appartement  est très agréable au premier étage d'un immeuble haussmanien dans une rue calme. Situé en bas du square de la Roquette et à deux pas du Cimetière du Père Lachaise.  Idéal pour Visiter Paris, il est situé en haut de la rue de la Roquette à deux pas du cimetière du Père Lachaise ainsi qu'à 10 min à pieds de Bastille et d'Oberkampf pour sortir boire un verre.  Vous avez 4 boulangeries dans la rue de la Roquette et 4 supermarchés pour faire des courses. A moins de 5 min à pieds vous aurez accès à la ligne 2 à Père Lachaise qui vous emmènera successivement à Belleville (quartier asiatique) à Anvers ( Montmartre), Monceau (magnifique parc Monceau) et enfin Charles de Gaulle Etoile (Arc de Triomphe).  La station du Père Lachaise dessert également la ligne 3 qui vous amène à République, Art et Métiers (Marais) et aussi Opéra.  La Ligne 9 qui se trouve à Voltaire vous amènera elle aussi dans les lieux incontournables de la capitale : Oberkampf et Charonne pour ses bars et res
27669	"Studio 20 m2 . 3 mètres de hauteur avec mezzanine, lit double + canapé 1 place, Très calme, sur cour, pas de vis à vis. Première étage sans ascenseur. Salle de bain avec douche. Kitchenette équipée.   11ème arr. 5 mn. M°Charonne et Philippe Auguste,. 10 min du Père Lachaise et de Nation, 20 min à pieds de Bastille. et de République petit immeuble, 3 étages, ancien tranquille,, appartement fonctionnel et propre les enfants en bas âge ne sont pas accéptés dans le logement.  c'est une question de sécurité. fumeur/ses communiquer par mail, je serai peut-être là, cela dépend des dates, une amie habite à côté très calme et tranquille, jardin au bout de la rue de l""immeuble, la rue de  Charonne  est  commerçante, elle mène au métro , magasins, Biocoop, Naturalia, restaurant libanais, cuisine traditionnelle vietnamienne, Brasserie Rouge Limé, Melac bar à vin, librairies, lavomatic écologique  Métro ligne 9, ligne 2   bus 76,56"	"Studio 20 m2 . 3 mètres de hauteur avec mezzanine, lit double + canapé 1 place, Très calme, sur cour, pas de vis à vis. Première étage sans ascenseur. Salle de bain avec douche. Kitchenette équipée.   11ème arr. 5 mn. M°Charonne et Philippe Auguste,. 10 min du Père Lachaise et de Nation, 20 min à pieds de Bastille. et de République petit immeuble, 3 étages, ancien tranquille,, appartement fonctionnel et propre les enfants en bas âge ne sont pas accéptés dans le logement.  c'est une question de sécurité. fumeur/ses communiquer par mail, je serai peut-être là, cela dépend des dates, une amie habite à côté très calme et tranquille, jardin au bout de la rue de l""immeuble, la rue de  Charonne  est  commerçante, elle mène au métro , magasins, Biocoop, Naturalia, restaurant libanais, cuisine traditionnelle vietnamienne, Brasserie Rouge Limé, Melac bar à vin, librairies, lavomatic écologique  Métro ligne 9, ligne 2   bus 76,56"
27670	L'appartement, qui fait 45 m², sera à partager avec d'autres voyageurs qui occuperont la deuxième chambre. La cuisine est toute équipée (four, micro ondes, frigidaire, machine à laver). Salle de bain avec cabine de douche. Fumeurs acceptés.	Charmante chambre de 12 m² donnant sur rue calme, très lumineuse, parquet. Lit deux places et coin salon. Penderie pour ranger vos vêtements, télévision. Immeuble familial et calme. L'appartement, qui fait 45 m², sera à partager avec d'autres voyageurs qui occuperont la deuxième chambre. La cuisine est toute équipée (four, micro ondes, frigidaire, machine à laver). Salle de bain avec cabine de douche. Fumeurs acceptés. Le quartier est très agréable et vivant. Il est tout à fait possible de se déplacer à pied jusque Bastille, à République, au cimetière du Père Lachaise ou encore dans le Marais. Métro Voltaire, Ligne 9
27671	English/Anglais The apartment  has a size of 45 square meters. It has a living room and a big sleeping room with an king size bed (180/200), that is very confortable ( Simmons Trademark). It has a kitchen and bathroom with a shower.  It is very bright in day time due to the big windows  it has in every room including in the Kitchen. It is equiped with  High speed, fibre optic internet connection with Wi-Fi,  Big screan Plasma Television with cable TV  Washing machine  Microwave Oven  Gaz and Electrical cooker Fridge  Toaster Steam cooker ventilator Towels  Sheets Duvet The apartment is located  in the Bastille District.  The district is full with history. It is where the French revolution  started in 1789. We celebrate the Bastille Day every year that carries the very name of the District.  The apartment  is a 5 minute walk away from Bastille place which is one of the most  important centres of Parisian nightlife and also the location of the prestigious Opéra de Bastille. A ten minute 	The apartment has a size of 45 square meters. It has a living room and a big sleeping room with an king size bed (180/200), that is very confortable. It has a kitchen and bathroom with a shower. It is very bright in day time. English/Anglais The apartment  has a size of 45 square meters. It has a living room and a big sleeping room with an king size bed (180/200), that is very confortable ( Simmons Trademark). It has a kitchen and bathroom with a shower.  It is very bright in day time due to the big windows  it has in every room including in the Kitchen. It is equiped with  High speed, fibre optic internet connection with Wi-Fi,  Big screan Plasma Television with cable TV  Washing machine  Microwave Oven  Gaz and Electrical cooker Fridge  Toaster Steam cooker ventilator Towels  Sheets Duvet The apartment is located  in the Bastille District.  The district is full with history. It is where the French revolution  started in 1789. We celebrate the Bastille Day every year that carries the 
27672	Super cosy, welcoming and charming flat in central paris. All my friends say it has a real home-feel and good vibes! No doubts you will feel at home here :-) The flat is very modern, new and clean (it was entirely refurbished in 2013!). You will have your own bedroom, with a large double bed, a very practical kitchen open on the living room, an amazingly comfortable sofa and a lovely bathroom with a small bathtub. The flat is on the second floor, with no lift but a very wide staircase and easy access. It overlooks a lovely courtyard, so you won't be disturbed by the noise at night.	Very bright, modern, comfortable, quiet and entirely refurbished flat in central Paris (very close to place de la République and Canal Saint-Martin). Super cosy, welcoming and charming flat in central paris. All my friends say it has a real home-feel and good vibes! No doubts you will feel at home here :-) The flat is very modern, new and clean (it was entirely refurbished in 2013!). You will have your own bedroom, with a large double bed, a very practical kitchen open on the living room, an amazingly comfortable sofa and a lovely bathroom with a small bathtub. The flat is on the second floor, with no lift but a very wide staircase and easy access. It overlooks a lovely courtyard, so you won't be disturbed by the noise at night. - Wifi  - TV - Sound-proof windows  - Washer / Dryer  - Bathtub - Hair dryer - Oven - Microwave - Dishwasher - Fully-equipped kitchen (dishes, coffee maker...) - Heating I will make sure you have all the information you need in order to enjoy your stay and will
27673	Joli de pièce de 26 m2, au calme sur cour, au 1er étage sans ascenseur. Cosy, l'appartement est meublé avec goût et comprend une pièce à vivre et une chambre.  La pièce à vivre comporte un coin canapé (se déplie en lit) et une cuisine ouverte avec bar comprenant tout l'équipement nécessaire (mini four, plaques éléctriques, frigo).  La chambre est dotée d'un très confortable lit double 140 cm.  Salle d'eau (douche) et WC séparés.	A proximité de la Place de la République, du très animé quartier d'Oberkampf, et à deux pas du Marais, l'appartement de 26m2 est joliment et confortablement meublé. Très calme, au 1er étage sur cour. Joli de pièce de 26 m2, au calme sur cour, au 1er étage sans ascenseur. Cosy, l'appartement est meublé avec goût et comprend une pièce à vivre et une chambre.  La pièce à vivre comporte un coin canapé (se déplie en lit) et une cuisine ouverte avec bar comprenant tout l'équipement nécessaire (mini four, plaques éléctriques, frigo).  La chambre est dotée d'un très confortable lit double 140 cm.  Salle d'eau (douche) et WC séparés. Internet sans fil, machine à laver séchante, enceintes bluetooth. Du linge de lit et de toilette sera à votre disposition. Idéalement situé, l'appartement est à la croisée de la très centrale Place de la République, du dynamique quartier d'Oberkampf, et à deux pas de l'emblématique Marais.  Quartier idéal pour découvrir Paris. Excellentes adresses pour sortir à pro
27674	Vous prendrez l'ascenseur jusqu'au 6ème étage, vous ouvrirez la porte de votre appartement, montrez un escalier pour arriver au coeur de votre nid douillet. Par temps de soleil, vous aurez une luminosité indéniable, une vue sur les toits de Paris, et Madame Eiffel vous illuminera le soir, à chaque heure, entre 18h et 1h00, pendant 10mns, magique ! Le calme et les ondes qui si dégagent vous relaxerons, la température aussi. Un petit drink sur la terrasse en embrassant  les étoiles !?  Soleil levant le matin, soleil couchant le soir, il ne vous laissera jamais tomber, s'il est présent.  Voyagez léger, n'emportez que vos affaires personnelles, le reste est à disposition, que du bonheur !  You will take the elevator to the 6th level, you will open the door of the appartment, climb the stairs to finally arrive in your home sweet home. By sunny days you will have an amazing brightness, a wonderful view of Paris roofs, and Miss Eiffel will illuminate you, each hour, from 6pm to 1am, for 10 mi	Atypique appart sur les toits de 40m2, sur 2 niveaux, et avec terrasse.  6/7ème étage avec ascenseur, très calme. Double expo est/ouest, très ensoleillé, vue sur la tour Eiffel. Quartier Bastille/Marais, commerces et transports à 50 mètres. Vous prendrez l'ascenseur jusqu'au 6ème étage, vous ouvrirez la porte de votre appartement, montrez un escalier pour arriver au coeur de votre nid douillet. Par temps de soleil, vous aurez une luminosité indéniable, une vue sur les toits de Paris, et Madame Eiffel vous illuminera le soir, à chaque heure, entre 18h et 1h00, pendant 10mns, magique ! Le calme et les ondes qui si dégagent vous relaxerons, la température aussi. Un petit drink sur la terrasse en embrassant  les étoiles !?  Soleil levant le matin, soleil couchant le soir, il ne vous laissera jamais tomber, s'il est présent.  Voyagez léger, n'emportez que vos affaires personnelles, le reste est à disposition, que du bonheur !  You will take the elevator to the 6th level, you will open the d
27675	In the heart of east Paris, close to canal Saint-Martin, place de la République, Marais, Oberkampf and Bastille, 1 private room to rent in a typically parisian appartement. Close to metro République (Line 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and Oberkamp (5, 9) Very convenient to explore Paris and to experience a proper Parisian life. Lots of restaurants and trendy bars in the neighborhood  There are a lot of restaurants and cafés  (website hidden) 3-room-flat with balcone, parquet and cheminee et balcon. 5th floor In the private room, there is a dooble-bed Access to bathroom, living room and kitchen. WC separated. Towel and sheets are supplied.  There is internet access. Breakfast can be bought at bakery downstairs which serves hot croissants and juices.  You can also use the kitchen to cook your own breakfast. I'd be happy to help you finding nice restaurants or bars, and give you any kind of good tips ! Don’t hesitate to ask me any question concerning the apartment and the organisation of your stay in P	In the heart of east Paris, close to canal Saint-Martin, place de la République, Marais, Oberkampf and Bastille, 1 private room to rent in a typically parisian appartement. Close to metro République (Line 3, 5, 8, 9, 11) and Oberkamp (5, 9) Very convenient to explore Paris and to experience a proper Parisian life. Lots of restaurants and trendy bars in the neighborhood  There are a lot of restaurants and cafés  (website hidden) 3-room-flat with balcone, parquet and cheminee et balcon. 5th floor In the private room, there is a dooble-bed Access to bathroom, living room and kitchen. WC separated. Towel and sheets are supplied.  There is internet access. Breakfast can be bought at bakery downstairs which serves hot croissants and juices.  You can also use the kitchen to cook your own breakfast. I'd be happy to help you finding nice restaurants or bars, and give you any kind of good tips ! Don’t hesitate to ask me any question concerning the apartment and the organisation of your stay in P
27676	Welcome in my apartment between Republique and Bastille and close to Oberkampf street. I have a cat. The apartment is in the 3rd floor, with elevator, in a very quiet and safe area, in a building with concierge and electronic entry. The apartment consists of an entry room, a well equipped and design kitchen, a very large and sunny room with a living room part with sofa-bed, a bedroom with king size bed, a toilet and a full nice italian shower. Enjoy your stay as well as i do but all the year ;-) Only a bed : price 60euro/night With the agenda you will know in which case you are.	Only a king size bed (160x200) : 60euros Welcome in my apartment between Republique and Bastille and close to Oberkampf street. I have a cat. The apartment is in the 3rd floor, with elevator, in a very quiet and safe area, in a building with concierge and electronic entry. The apartment consists of an entry room, a well equipped and design kitchen, a very large and sunny room with a living room part with sofa-bed, a bedroom with king size bed, a toilet and a full nice italian shower. Enjoy your stay as well as i do but all the year ;-) Only a bed : price 60euro/night With the agenda you will know in which case you are. The apartment has wooden floors in the entry and the livingroom/bedroom, and a little balcony. There is wifi Internet access, a home phone, and a washing-laundry machine in the bathroom for extra comfort. Lot of light, very quiet and sunny, and very warm (nice design miror heater).  The apartment can easily host 4 people (bedsheets provided) when my flat is entirely rent
27677	"Appartement 50 m2, constitué d'une belle pièce à vivre salon-salle à manger avec une vue dégagée, d'une petite chambre adulte indépendante et d'une chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits taille adulte, et un double bureau. Calme et très ensoleillé, exposé sud-ouest, il est très agréable à vivre et possède une belle vue sur le clocher de l'Église St Ambroise. Une gardienne s'occupe de l'immeuble qui dispose d'un ascenseur. La cuisine est très bien équipée si vous aimez cuisiner : rien de superflu mais l'essentiel est là. Le métro le plus proche (5min) est St Ambroise (ligne 9), mais en marchant un peu il y a Richard Lenoir (ligne 5), St Maur (ligne 3), Père-Lachaise (ligne2) et Bastille (ligne 1). Trois lignes de bus : le 61 (Jardin des Plantes, Gare de Lyon, Gare d'Austerlitz), le 69( Bastille Châtelet, Musée du Louvre et qui va jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel) et le 46 (Château de Vincennes, Parc Floral, Gare du Nord)  Équipé : machine à laver vaisselle et linge, internet, ordinateur de bureau 24"", tél"	"Appartement 50 m2, constitué d'une belle pièce à vivre salon-salle à manger avec une vue dégagée, d'une petite chambre adulte indépendante et d'une chambre d'enfants avec 2 lits taille adulte, et un double bureau. Calme et très ensoleillé, exposé sud-ouest, il est très agréable à vivre et possède une belle vue sur le clocher de l'Église St Ambroise. Une gardienne s'occupe de l'immeuble qui dispose d'un ascenseur. La cuisine est très bien équipée si vous aimez cuisiner : rien de superflu mais l'essentiel est là. Le métro le plus proche (5min) est St Ambroise (ligne 9), mais en marchant un peu il y a Richard Lenoir (ligne 5), St Maur (ligne 3), Père-Lachaise (ligne2) et Bastille (ligne 1). Trois lignes de bus : le 61 (Jardin des Plantes, Gare de Lyon, Gare d'Austerlitz), le 69( Bastille Châtelet, Musée du Louvre et qui va jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel) et le 46 (Château de Vincennes, Parc Floral, Gare du Nord)  Équipé : machine à laver vaisselle et linge, internet, ordinateur de bureau 24"", tél"
27678	le logement est en rez de chaussée, au fond d'une cour au calme, les murs sont entièrement doublés, et les fenêtres avec double-vitrage, ce qui procure une excellente isolation phonique et thermique, une sorte de clim naturelle. La porte d'entrée donne dans une entrée qui protège des bruits du couloir. quand on entre dans l'appartement, on trouve l'entrée, ou se trouvent les WC séparés, avec 2 portes, vers le séjour et vers la chambre.  La salle de séjour offre un bel espace de vie de 30m² avec une porte fenêtre qui ouvre sur la verdure. Lhambre de 8m² donne sur une petite cour-arrière, elle est donc parfaitement calme, elle a un lit pour 2 personnes en 140cm de large. Le second couchage est dans le séjour, il s'agit d'un canapé en 80cm de large pour une personne, qui peut s'ouvrir en 160cm de large, pour 2 personnes. la salle de bain comprend une baignoire. Les WC sont séparés, dans l'entrée de l'appartement. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : plaque de cuisson à induction avec sa b	L'appartement de 2 p. ancien et plein de charme, ouvre sur une jolie cour arborée, dans un quartier de commerces et de restaurants près du métro. En retrait et bien isolé, il est silencieux, frais en été et cosy en hiver, avec tout le confort usuel. le logement est en rez de chaussée, au fond d'une cour au calme, les murs sont entièrement doublés, et les fenêtres avec double-vitrage, ce qui procure une excellente isolation phonique et thermique, une sorte de clim naturelle. La porte d'entrée donne dans une entrée qui protège des bruits du couloir. quand on entre dans l'appartement, on trouve l'entrée, ou se trouvent les WC séparés, avec 2 portes, vers le séjour et vers la chambre.  La salle de séjour offre un bel espace de vie de 30m² avec une porte fenêtre qui ouvre sur la verdure. Lhambre de 8m² donne sur une petite cour-arrière, elle est donc parfaitement calme, elle a un lit pour 2 personnes en 140cm de large. Le second couchage est dans le séjour, il s'agit d'un canapé en 80cm de 
27679	Ce logement est unique car il a été entièrement refait à neuf et avec gout par une architecte et situé dans un petit immeuble de charme avec seulement deux étages et sans vis a vis . L' appartement est très lumineux et avec une triple exposition ! 	Superbe 2 pièces refait à neuf dans un immeuble de charme dans un quartier    calme et vert à 140 metres de la place de la Nation et de ses metros ligne 1 ,2,6 et 9 et de sa gare du RER A et de ses bus (phone number hidden) et 351 donc très bien desservis. Ce logement est unique car il a été entièrement refait à neuf et avec gout par une architecte et situé dans un petit immeuble de charme avec seulement deux étages et sans vis a vis . L' appartement est très lumineux et avec une triple exposition ! N'hésitez pas à m'appeler si vous avez des questions Quartier calme et vert entre la coulée verte et le parc de Vincennes et proche de quartier festifs comme Bastille et le faubourg Saint Antoine et la rue Paul Bert et ses bons restaurants et patisserie du grand chef Cyrill Lignac  entre autres. Place de la nation à La Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris : métro 20 minutes  Place de la nation à la Basilique du Sacré coeur : métro 29 minutes Place de la nation au musée du Louvre  : métro 19 minut
27680	Hi ! A good place to come and enjoy the true Parisian life ! The apartment is great located, just a step from Oberkampf street and from famous districts of Belleville-Ménilmontant. You can walk to Repubique (5 min), Bastille (10 min), and Canal Saint-Martin (10 min) or going around easily towards the main areas of Paris ! The district has all you need from french boulangeries, boucheries, banks, press stands, pharmacie, shop and small groceries. It has many famous cafes and restaurants, like Café Charbon, Chez Justine, Le Perchoir, Les Triplettes... and many others we would love to share with you if you come to see us ! Want to go out without worrying about underground timetable and have fun until late ?! This is the place to be. We are close to all the good address of trendy Paris. At 5 min by bike, 10 by walk, you also will enjoy a ride along the famous Canal Saint-Martin, and stop for a brunch or coffee in such great address like Tuck Shop, Tenbelles or Holybelly... Our apartment of	Hi ! A good place to come and enjoy the true Parisian life ! The apartment is great located, just a step from Oberkampf street and from famous districts of Belleville-Ménilmontant. You can walk to Repubique (5 min), Bastille (10 min), and Canal Saint-Martin (10 min) or going around easily towards the main areas of Paris ! The district has all you need from french boulangeries, boucheries, banks, press stands, pharmacie, shop and small groceries. It has many famous cafes and restaurants, like Café Charbon, Chez Justine, Le Perchoir, Les Triplettes... and many others we would love to share with you if you come to see us ! Want to go out without worrying about underground timetable and have fun until late ?! This is the place to be. We are close to all the good address of trendy Paris. At 5 min by bike, 10 by walk, you also will enjoy a ride along the famous Canal Saint-Martin, and stop for a brunch or coffee in such great address like Tuck Shop, Tenbelles or Holybelly... Our apartment of
27681	"Charming suite bed and breakfast right in the heart of the district Bastille, constituted by 2 rooms totally independent  with real independent entrance (B&B = 31m2 part of my apartment of 77m2) and private bathroom/toilet (Suite) Completely renewed, this part of my apartment is constituted by a spacious bedroom, a "" dressing room / office / lounge "", private bathroom and toilet, with numerous arrangements. Your corner ""lounge"", or the balcony, will allow you to rest after your walks in Paris, with a nice view of Paris. On the 5th floor (without lift) of a building late XIXè, a former relay, with a wonderful original and typical view from the balcony on the Bastille Opera and the angel at column of July on the left side and on the other side on the ""Sacré Coeur"", Montmartre far off, charming continuous balcony decorated with flowers, with possibility of benefiting of it completely.  Your part is equipped with WiFi, television flat screen cabled, mini hi-fi system, a refrigerator and a "	"Wonderful real B&B, top service, independent and with all services included, great breakfast included (hot beverage, fresh orange juice, fresh fruits, home made cakes and marmelade, fresh breads and croissants, ham and yogurt), also home made diner available (extra services) In the center of paris, easy connexions to everywhere, typical place of paris, in la Bastille, best alimentary market of Paris twice a week (thursday and sunday) Nice views from the balconies to Bastille, and Montmartre. Charming suite bed and breakfast right in the heart of the district Bastille, constituted by 2 rooms totally independent  with real independent entrance (B&B = 31m2 part of my apartment of 77m2) and private bathroom/toilet (Suite) Completely renewed, this part of my apartment is constituted by a spacious bedroom, a "" dressing room / office / lounge "", private bathroom and toilet, with numerous arrangements. Your corner ""lounge"", or the balcony, will allow you to rest after your walks in Paris, with"
27682	In the heart of the Bastille quarter, facing the rue de Lappe and very close to the Marais, discover our cozy apartment for a few days for a couple or a family. Located at 6th floor in the rue de charonne with elevator!  The apartment consists of a comfortable and spacious main room with a little balcony overlooking the Angel de la Bastille, Montmartre and the Eiffel Tower, a small kitchen fully equiped (plate, microwave oven), and a double room with a bathroom (washing machine). The apartment is also equiped with TV, DVD, HiFi, WiFi, and a  sofa bed for one person. The area is young and trendy, restaurants for all tastes, bars of all kinds, nightclubs and trendy shops, little boutiques, art galleries, ... Metro stations, bicycles and taxis are close to the apartment. We live a just a few subway stations away from the apartment and put all effort to make your stay more enjoyable. With pleasure to receive you under the roofs of Bastille. Manou and Xavier	In the heart of the Bastille quarter, facing the rue de Lappe and very close to the Marais, discover our cozy apartment for a few days for a couple or a family. Located at 6th floor in the rue de charonne with elevator!  The apartment consists of a comfortable and spacious main room with a little balcony overlooking the Angel de la Bastille, Montmartre and the Eiffel Tower, a small kitchen fully equiped (plate, microwave oven), and a double room with a bathroom (washing machine). The apartment is also equiped with TV, DVD, HiFi, WiFi, and a  sofa bed for one person. The area is young and trendy, restaurants for all tastes, bars of all kinds, nightclubs and trendy shops, little boutiques, art galleries, ... Metro stations, bicycles and taxis are close to the apartment. We live a just a few subway stations away from the apartment and put all effort to make your stay more enjoyable. With pleasure to receive you under the roofs of Bastille. Manou and Xavier
27683	proche métro, dans petite co-propriété calme, refait à neuf en 2013. Immeuble ancien. 	L'appartement situé au premier étage, est idéal pour un moment calme au sein du tumulte parisien. Salon donnant sur une cour calme, avec de la verdure. Cuisine américaine permettant de partager des moments de convivialité tout en réparant le repas. proche métro, dans petite co-propriété calme, refait à neuf en 2013. Immeuble ancien. Proche de Nation, Bastille, quartier d'Aligre.  Bercy Village pas loin, bois de Vincennes, quai de Seine, musé de la mode, mais aussi en 15 min par le métro, accès au centre de Paris, quartier des grands magasins, Marais... Métro ligne 9 à 2 minutes, mais également Ligne 6, ligne 2 et 1 RER A à Nation ainsi que la ligne 1.
27684	This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building with elevator. The apartment is very quiet, especially as the windows of the rooms overlook courtyards. Layout This apartment of 60 sqm has two separate bedrooms. Up to six people can sleep there, but we think it will be more suitable for a family of four. The entrance hall leads right into the main room divided into two spaces. First the dining area with a modular table that can accommodate up to 6 people. The living area features a comfortable sofa bed (two sleeps 140x200), an armchair and a coffee table. The kitchen is open to the living room. You will access the master bedroom from the living-room. It is equipped with a bed 140x200 and a wardrobe with hanging space and shelves. The second bedroom is located on the other side of the apartment, accessible from the lobby. This room has a mezzanine with a double futon on it a ladder to reach it, however, for your convenience, we preferred to install two single be	Lovely 60 sqm 2-bedorom apartment to rent near the Place Leon Blum in the residential part of the 11th district, ideal for a family of four people (suitable for up to six guests), great price for this contemporary, comfortable and very quiet apartmen This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building with elevator. The apartment is very quiet, especially as the windows of the rooms overlook courtyards. Layout This apartment of 60 sqm has two separate bedrooms. Up to six people can sleep there, but we think it will be more suitable for a family of four. The entrance hall leads right into the main room divided into two spaces. First the dining area with a modular table that can accommodate up to 6 people. The living area features a comfortable sofa bed (two sleeps 140x200), an armchair and a coffee table. The kitchen is open to the living room. You will access the master bedroom from the living-room. It is equipped with a bed 140x200 and a wardrobe with hanging spa
27685	Ce studio de 23m² est lumineux, fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Idéal pour accueillir 2 personnes. Il est bien agencé et entièrement équipé. Il est composé d’ un canapé lit de bonne qualité (draps fournis), d’une table basse, d’une télévision, d’un accès Wi-Fi, d’un espace repas avec une table haute et 4 tabourets et d’un espace cuisine entièrement équipé (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four-micro-odes, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire, grille- pain, cafetière Dolce Gusto, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine). La salle de bain est équipée d’un WC et d’une douche moderne (serviettes fournies).  Le parquet et la poutre apparente lui apporte un charme certain ! 	Bienvenue dans mon studio de 23m² lumineux, fonctionnel et agréable à vivre ! Il est au centre du quartier animé Faiherbe-Chaligny, proche des transports, des restaurants et de nombreux commerces. Bon séjour garanti ! Ce studio de 23m² est lumineux, fonctionnel et agréable à vivre. Idéal pour accueillir 2 personnes. Il est bien agencé et entièrement équipé. Il est composé d’ un canapé lit de bonne qualité (draps fournis), d’une table basse, d’une télévision, d’un accès Wi-Fi, d’un espace repas avec une table haute et 4 tabourets et d’un espace cuisine entièrement équipé (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four-micro-odes, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire, grille- pain, cafetière Dolce Gusto, vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine). La salle de bain est équipée d’un WC et d’une douche moderne (serviettes fournies).  Le parquet et la poutre apparente lui apporte un charme certain ! Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement excepté une partie d'un placard. Durant votre séjour, de devrais être sur Paris et
27686		Beautiful one bedroom apartment in eastern Paris, with wooden floors, two fireplaces and a magnificent view of the Parisian rooftops. Guests can enjoy a large kitchen and a comfortable living room with home cinema. Metro line 2 : Ménilmontant Metro line 3 : Rue Saint-Maur Bus line 96 : Belleville - Ménilmontant Taxi station Vélib' (Paris' rent a bike)
27687		Located in the trendy, residential 11th district of Paris metro Charonne, line 9 downstairs.  Fully equipped, bathroom with shower and WC separated. Semi-open living room with bedroom area. 5th floor with elevator.Loads of sunlight.Perfect for 2 ppl
27688	A deux pas de la rue Oberkampf, de la place de la République et de Bastille. Ce studio comprend un lit double, une cuisine américaine toute équipée, télévision, internet, sdb séparée avec baignoire, machine à laver.  Vous serez charmé par cette cour pavée typiquement parisienne. Le studio de 28m2, récemment rénové est situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble calme. Ce logement est agréable, bien aménagé et lumineux. Vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire afin de profiter pleinement de votre séjour.  Nous serons ravies de vous accueillir lors de votre arrivée, et de partager avec vous nos adresses préférées (restaurants, bars, musées, cinémas, boutiques etc.). Le studio se situe dans un quartier très bien desservi par les transports en commun : -métro Parmentier ligne 3 (à 150 m) -métro Oberkampf lignes 5 et 9 (à 5 minutes) -métro République ligne 3, 5, 9,11 et 8 (à 5-7 minutes)  -Bus 46, 96 à 50 m -Stations Vélib et Autolib à proximité -Stations de Noctilien très proches également. 	A deux pas de la rue Oberkampf, de la place de la République et de Bastille. Ce studio comprend un lit double, une cuisine américaine toute équipée, télévision, internet, sdb séparée avec baignoire, machine à laver.  A deux pas de la rue Oberkampf, de la place de la République et de Bastille. Ce studio comprend un lit double, une cuisine américaine toute équipée, télévision, internet, sdb séparée avec baignoire, machine à laver.  Vous serez charmé par cette cour pavée typiquement parisienne. Le studio de 28m2, récemment rénové est situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble calme. Ce logement est agréable, bien aménagé et lumineux. Vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire afin de profiter pleinement de votre séjour.  Nous serons ravies de vous accueillir lors de votre arrivée, et de partager avec vous nos adresses préférées (restaurants, bars, musées, cinémas, boutiques etc.). Le studio se situe dans un quartier très bien desservi par les transports en commun : -métro Parmentier ligne 3 (à 15
27689		3-pièces de 68m², extrêmement lumineux, havre de calme dans un quartier très vivant, proche de tous commerces et commodités (métros 8, 9 et 1). 2e étage avec ascenseur, aucun vis-à-vis (parc et cour verdoyante). Parking privé (sur demande). Votre chambre est totalement privée et isolée, si je suis présent, j'occupe la 2ème chambre. Tout le reste de l'appartement est accessible en usage commun : Cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain, wc séparé, salon. Machine à laver et sèche-linge à disposition. Je fournis le linge de maison, les serviettes sur demande, savon, shampooing. Une place de parking dans la cour privée est à disposition (me consulter). Vous disposez de votre propre clé. J'aime beaucoup Paris et mon quartier, je serais ravi  de vous les faire découvrir ! L'appartement est idéalement desservi, par de nombreuses lignes de métro et de bus : Métro : Faidherbe-Chaligny (8) à 4min, Charonne (9) à 6 min, Reuilly-Diderot (1) à 9min. RER A Nation (direct Eurodisney) à 12 min Bus :
27690	Appartement traversant. Parquet au sol, SDB et toilettes séparées.  Chambre confortable pour 2 personnes + canapé lit dans le salon.	        Appartement propre, confortable et calme ! Très bien situé à 10 min de Nation à pied et de Bastille en bus. Peut loger 4 pers (1 très bon lit 2 places et 1 canapé lit). Cuisine jaune et SDB équipées.             Appartement traversant. Parquet au sol, SDB et toilettes séparées.  Chambre confortable pour 2 personnes + canapé lit dans le salon. Wi Fi, TV + une centaine de DVD Lave linge.  Draps et serviettes de toilette propres.  Cuisine équipée fraichement repeinte en jaune (photos à venir) avec une grande table à manger. Nous sommes disponibles pour vous guider selon vos envies dans Paris. Une liste des restaurants et bar sympa du quartier sera à votre disposition ! Quartier calme, très bien situé, proche du Père Lachaise, de Bastille et Nation. Franprix en face de l'immeuble et marché à 2 min à pied le samedi matin. Métro Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2) à 5 min Métro Charonne (ligne 9) à 10 min Bus 76 à 2 min
27691	"Notre appartement est très calme, et hyperlumineux. La cour intérieure est très calme, verte et fleurie. Des artistes ont leurs ateliers au rez de chaussé: Le ""vrais"" Paris.  Notre appartement est typique du 11ème arrondissement de Paris avec ces cours intérieures cachées derrière  des portes cochères. La superficie au sol est de 200 m2 . 140 m2 en loi carrez. Il est situé au deuxième et dernier étage d' un petit immeuble sur cour. ( pas d'ascenseur) Il est en duplex. En haut, se trouve 3 chambres équipées de lits 140, 1 salle de jeux ( avec trois lits de 90)  + 1 salle de douche et WC. En bas, Une chambre (lit 160) plus 1 salle de douche et 1 chambre avec un canapé lit et 1 salle de bain et WC Notre appartement peut donc accueillir 8 adultes avec chacun leur intimité et plusieurs enfants."	"Très grand appartement lumineux et très calme sur cour intérieure. Vous apprécierez son espace de vie avec une cuisine ouverte de beaux chesterfield vous accueillerons au coin du feu l'hivers. Le quartier est très agréable, vivant, proche de toutes commodités et des principaux lieux touristiques. Notre appartement est très calme, et hyperlumineux. La cour intérieure est très calme, verte et fleurie. Des artistes ont leurs ateliers au rez de chaussé: Le ""vrais"" Paris.  Notre appartement est typique du 11ème arrondissement de Paris avec ces cours intérieures cachées derrière  des portes cochères. La superficie au sol est de 200 m2 . 140 m2 en loi carrez. Il est situé au deuxième et dernier étage d' un petit immeuble sur cour. ( pas d'ascenseur) Il est en duplex. En haut, se trouve 3 chambres équipées de lits 140, 1 salle de jeux ( avec trois lits de 90)  + 1 salle de douche et WC. En bas, Une chambre (lit 160) plus 1 salle de douche et 1 chambre avec un canapé lit et 1 salle de bain et W"
27692	Quiet and newly renewed Parisian flat in the Bastille and Marais area (rue Saint Sébastien).. 2nd floor, 29 m² (312 sq feet), no elevator. The flat has a two windows view on a quiet and nice courtyard. The flat includes the kitchen, the living room, the bedroom  and the bathroom.  The kitchen is fully equipped (refrigerator, vitro-ceramics electrical cooking, oven) completed with a bar communicating with the living room.  The Living room has a table with other furniture and a bed  of 140x200 cm for sleeping. The bedroom is separated from the living through a sliding door. There is another 140x200 cm convertible bed with a comfortable latex mattress. It that can be closed as sofa to let the bedroom be used during the day as a second room with a desk space. The bathroom is with a WC, the shower, lavabo and the washing & drying laundry machine.  The building is secured with a code and the flat with a special secured armored  door with three points key. The decoration of the apartment remi	Quiet and newly renewed Parisian flat in the Bastille and Marais area (rue Saint Sébastien).. 2nd floor, 29 m² (312 sq feet), no elevator. The flat has a two windows view on a quiet and nice courtyard. The flat includes the kitchen, the living room, the bedroom  and the bathroom.  The kitchen is fully equipped (refrigerator, vitro-ceramics electrical cooking, oven) completed with a bar communicating with the living room.  The Living room has a table with other furniture and a bed  of 140x200 cm for sleeping. The bedroom is separated from the living through a sliding door. There is another 140x200 cm convertible bed with a comfortable latex mattress. It that can be closed as sofa to let the bedroom be used during the day as a second room with a desk space. The bathroom is with a WC, the shower, lavabo and the washing & drying laundry machine.  The building is secured with a code and the flat with a special secured armored  door with three points key. The decoration of the apartment remi
27693	le logement se trouve au premier étage , l'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenceur	Chambre meublée, claire,calme, dans appartement familial  occupé, accès  cuisine américaine, toilettes, salle de bain dans quartier agréable, lignes 2 et 3 , bus en face, proximité Bastille - République -  Oberkampf. Tous commerces à proximité. le logement se trouve au premier étage , l'immeuble est équipé d'un ascenceur les voyageurs auront accès dans l'appartement à la salle de bain ,aux toilettes , à la cuisine , éventuellement à la salle à manger . nous parlons français , anglais et allemands . le quartier est bien situé près du centre de Paris , c'est un quartier vivant avec tous les commerces de proximité ,à proximité d'un centre touristique  important et à proximité des quartiers très animés de la bastille ( rue de la Roquette ) et de la rue Oberkampf , et accessibles en quelques minutes à pieds . le logement est desservi par le metro Père Lachaise  ( ligne 2 - ligne 3 ) il y a une station de bus devant le logement desservant le centre ville .
27694	This apartment is perfect for a couple or a single guest. Monthly bookings preferred. Located on a 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building without elevator, this property shines with light and has a very unique Bedup® bed at 50cm from the floor level adding character to the space. 	A very unique and cosy apartment in a great location. This apartment is perfect for a couple or a single guest. Monthly bookings preferred. Located on a 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building without elevator, this property shines with light and has a very unique Bedup® bed at 50cm from the floor level adding character to the space. Guests have access to entire property with TV cable, WiFi, land line phone, microwave, coffee machine, hairdryer and 4 radiators with electric heating system. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. For monthly bookings the guest pays the electricity consumption. All bookings have to be checked with the owner. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information y
27695	-> very well equipped : full kitchen (oven, dishwasher), comfortable double bed, electric curtains,  adjustable lights, ... ->  wifi, printer,audio system -> safe &calm area -> cosy place  -> great location in Paris : Bastille, Nation, marché d'Aligre,quartier du Marrais -> just next to the metro and the bus station -> next to all common shops What else ? :)	Welcome to this lovely studio, ideal for a holiday, romantic or business trip : all confort, very well equipped, safe &calm area, next to every shops, great location in Paris (Bastille, Gare de Lyon, Nation, Marais), just next to metro and bus ! -> very well equipped : full kitchen (oven, dishwasher), comfortable double bed, electric curtains,  adjustable lights, ... ->  wifi, printer,audio system -> safe &calm area -> cosy place  -> great location in Paris : Bastille, Nation, marché d'Aligre,quartier du Marrais -> just next to the metro and the bus station -> next to all common shops What else ? :) The appartment is first floor, guests have access to all the studio course. I leave the wifi available, a printer, and a large storage space for your clothes. Laundry and towels are furnished. I send you all the information about the appartment and answer your questions. When you come, I take the time to show you the operation of devices in the apartment, and if you are a tourist trip, we m
27696	A 30m2 studio for 1 or 2 people. Quiet and sunny with wooden floors. Long balcony, overlooking a garden with trees and fountain. Haven of peace in a neighborhood with shops, famous for its nightlife (bars, clubs and restaurants). WIFI, washing machine-drying. Kitchen with a majority of organic products. 2nd floor with lift, secure access digicodes / intercom. Near republic, le Marais, canal st martin, Belleville, Bastille and 1/2 hour transportation to all tourist attractions. The studio consists of a main room with parquet flooring, kitchen. Groceries with a majority of organic products provided for cooks (to be replaced as and when it is consumed), oven traditional and microwave, food processor, electric stove, kettle (teas, herbal teas and coffee). Cooking equipment in the kitchen cupboards to store for them after they cleaned. Seating area (sofa, armchair, coffee table, library with novels, a few in English and guide of Paris), a work area, 1 bed 2 places. A large bathroom with tub	Large studio, for 2 people, the center of Paris (11). Calm and sunny. Balcony overlooking garden with fountain. Haven of peace in the lively Oberkampf. Near Republic, Pere Lachaise, Canal st martin, Belleville, Marais, Bastille. Wifi A 30m2 studio for 1 or 2 people. Quiet and sunny with wooden floors. Long balcony, overlooking a garden with trees and fountain. Haven of peace in a neighborhood with shops, famous for its nightlife (bars, clubs and restaurants). WIFI, washing machine-drying. Kitchen with a majority of organic products. 2nd floor with lift, secure access digicodes / intercom. Near republic, le Marais, canal st martin, Belleville, Bastille and 1/2 hour transportation to all tourist attractions. The studio consists of a main room with parquet flooring, kitchen. Groceries with a majority of organic products provided for cooks (to be replaced as and when it is consumed), oven traditional and microwave, food processor, electric stove, kettle (teas, herbal teas and coffee). Cook
27697		Beau studio calme et lumineux avec petite terrasse en plein cœur du quartier Oberkampf : un des quartiers les plus vivant de Paris - idéal pour sortir le soir!  Peut accueillir idéalement 2 personnes (max 4).  6e sans ascenseur.   
27698	Logement équipé tout confort.	Logement calme, et lumineux. salon bar americain et chambre douche. Logement équipé tout confort. Je pourrais vous faire découvrir le quartier si besoin. Proche métro république
27699	My place is a small one-bedroom appartment (32 m²) with a separated kitchen, a nice bathroom and a living room where 2 people can sleep on the sofa-bed.	The Aligre neighborhood is one of the nicest place in Paris, close to Bastille, Gare de Lyon, with an great farmer market, lots of shops and restaurants nearby! My place is located in a nice and remodeled building, very safe. My place is a small one-bedroom appartment (32 m²) with a separated kitchen, a nice bathroom and a living room where 2 people can sleep on the sofa-bed. I provide towels and sheets ! The Aligre neighborhood is so nice, familiy minded and close to a lots of fun and interesting places. You can walk or take bus and metro to get the center of town. Métro 1, 5, 8, 14, RER A! I speak fluently english and spanish, and enjoy very much having foreigner guests to chat with!
27700	The flat is a duplex of 140m², very cute and old style with visible timber beams, a sunny balcony, great to take the sun, you can even take a nap on it! The flat is well oriented so that the sun is crossing it almost all day long.	We are renting out one of our 4 rooms from time to time. It is a lovely apartment, close to le Marais with good connections! Welcome! The flat is a duplex of 140m², very cute and old style with visible timber beams, a sunny balcony, great to take the sun, you can even take a nap on it! The flat is well oriented so that the sun is crossing it almost all day long. Internet Flat mates are always happy to help, to discuss or even to show aroud. Close to Place de la République, Le Marais, La Bastille. It is a really dynamic area, lot of animations around. Metro 9, 5, 3, 11. Velib station.
27701	Cosy 40 sqm just renovated. At 900m from Pere Lachaise Cemetery, between Bastille, Republique, the Marais. Just a few seconds from the metro (9, Charonne) and the bus (61,69). My little nest is in typical Parisian building with an interior courtyard. The flat is at the ground floor. It's furnished with a modern, practicle and comfortable. Various utensils for eating/cooking/cleaning (please feel inspired). Books, some in English, Hungarian, Italian, but most in French. You have access to all the flat amenities and some sound system where you can plug your smartphone or computer. Deposit can be in your home currency and will be returned at check out.	Cosy, newly renovated flat. Situated in a typical parisian walking street, 1 min from métro Charonne. Near Père Lachaise and Bastille. Cosy 40 sqm just renovated. At 900m from Pere Lachaise Cemetery, between Bastille, Republique, the Marais. Just a few seconds from the metro (9, Charonne) and the bus (61,69). My little nest is in typical Parisian building with an interior courtyard. The flat is at the ground floor. It's furnished with a modern, practicle and comfortable. Various utensils for eating/cooking/cleaning (please feel inspired). Books, some in English, Hungarian, Italian, but most in French. You have access to all the flat amenities and some sound system where you can plug your smartphone or computer. Deposit can be in your home currency and will be returned at check out. A genuine neighborhood, in the heart of 11th arrondissement. Within a 15 min walk, you can check some trendy / cool / interesting neighborhoods : Charonne, le Marais, le Canal, Belleville, Bastille.  Some of
27702	Beautiful apartment of 65 m2 with panoramic view of Paris on the 8th floor of a modern and secure. The apartment benefits from a triple aspect views over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Sacred Heart, ....) with 3 balconies facing south .. The room is very comfortable (on-mattresses, fluffy pillows, TV LED 3D 107 cm, ...), a large fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with tub overlooking the Eiffel Tower also, large living room with two large bay glazed panoramic view of Paris .. At the foot of the street oberkampf, one of the most lively city, the residence is in a quiet area overlooking an interior garden managed with fountain and birds fields ... a haven of peace right in the heart of Paris ... I will be happy to assist you in your discovery of Paris. See you soon in the capital ..	Beautiful apartment of 65 m2 with panoramic view of Paris on the 8th floor of a modern and secure. The apartment benefits from a triple aspect views over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Sacred Heart, ....) with 3 balconies facing south .. The room is very comfortable (on-mattresses, fluffy pillows, TV LED 3D 107 cm, ...), a large fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with tub overlooking the Eiffel Tower also, large living room with two large bay glazed panoramic view of Paris .. At the foot of the street oberkampf, one of the most lively city, the residence is in a quiet area overlooking an interior garden managed with fountain and birds fields ... a haven of peace right in the heart of Paris ... I will be happy to assist you in your discovery of Paris. See you soon in the capital ..
27703	Cette appartement de 40m² situé à Belleville allie parfaitement le calme et l'animation parisienne. Composé d'un salon avec de 2 canapés convertibles deux places, d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places, d'une cuisine avec coin repas et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Voyageur en solo, couples, groupe d'amis ou famille avec enfant seront les bienvenus. Equipement: TV, Wifi, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, plaque à induction, four micro-onde, four d'appoint, bouilloire, cafetière, grille-pain... Private parking at 150m from the flat (on request) : 15€/day	2 pièces dans une rue animée du quartier de Belleville. Il se situe dans une cour arborée à l'écart des nuisances sonores.  Station de métro à 200m. Proche commerces/bars/restaurants A proximité du canal st Martin/République. Cette appartement de 40m² situé à Belleville allie parfaitement le calme et l'animation parisienne. Composé d'un salon avec de 2 canapés convertibles deux places, d'une chambre avec un lit 2 places, d'une cuisine avec coin repas et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Voyageur en solo, couples, groupe d'amis ou famille avec enfant seront les bienvenus. Equipement: TV, Wifi, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, plaque à induction, four micro-onde, four d'appoint, bouilloire, cafetière, grille-pain... Private parking at 150m from the flat (on request) : 15€/day Appartement entièrement privatif Métro Belleville (ligne 2 & 11) Métro Goncourt (ligne 11) Bus 46 arrêt Goncourt 1 hour from Charles de gaulle and orly airport by subway
27704	Beautiful apartment of 65 m2 with panoramic view of Paris on the 8th floor of a modern and secure. The apartment benefits from a triple aspect views over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Sacred Heart, ....) with 3 balconies facing south .. The room is very comfortable (on-mattresses, fluffy pillows, TV LED 3D 107 cm, ...), a large fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with tub overlooking the Eiffel Tower also, large living room with two large bay glazed panoramic view of Paris .. At the foot of the street oberkampf, one of the most lively city, the residence is in a quiet area overlooking an interior garden managed with fountain and birds fields ... a haven of peace right in the heart of Paris ... I will be happy to assist you in your discovery of Paris. See you soon in the capital ..	Beautiful apartment of 65 m2 with panoramic view of Paris on the 8th floor of a modern and secure. The apartment benefits from a triple aspect views over Paris (Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, Sacred Heart, ....) with 3 balconies facing south .. The room is very comfortable (on-mattresses, fluffy pillows, TV LED 3D 107 cm, ...), a large fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with tub overlooking the Eiffel Tower also, large living room with two large bay glazed panoramic view of Paris .. At the foot of the street oberkampf, one of the most lively city, the residence is in a quiet area overlooking an interior garden managed with fountain and birds fields ... a haven of peace right in the heart of Paris ... I will be happy to assist you in your discovery of Paris. See you soon in the capital ..
27705	This apartment is located in rue Voltaire,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of the Marais, republique and Oberkampf. It is on the 6nd floor of a nice building, with no lift.  The nearest metro station is Republique, 1 minute away. it is well connected with all the other lines, as well as the airports and train stations. On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou Center, or the Marais. The apartment itself can accomodate 4 people. It has 2 bedroom with a double bed in each. There is an internet box (freebox) The kitchen is well equipped with an oven, stove, fridge.  The bathroom has a shower, toilet.  There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use See you	Charming flat of 42 m2,  2 rooms with 2 double bed, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom. Sunny. Ideal for a family, 2 couple, or 2 friends. This apartment is located in rue Voltaire,right in the center of Paris in the lively neighborhood of the Marais, republique and Oberkampf. It is on the 6nd floor of a nice building, with no lift.  The nearest metro station is Republique, 1 minute away. it is well connected with all the other lines, as well as the airports and train stations. On your doorstep you will find plenty of restaurants, jazz clubs, bars and shops.  It is a short 5 minutes walk from the Pompidou Center, or the Marais. The apartment itself can accomodate 4 people. It has 2 bedroom with a double bed in each. There is an internet box (freebox) The kitchen is well equipped with an oven, stove, fridge.  The bathroom has a shower, toilet.  There will be clean bed linen and fresh towels for you to use See you
27706	very clear, very quiet, very convenient , metro line at 80 m, with easy access to everywhere in Paris  	"Flat 54 sqm in the heart of Paris,  60 m from Place de la Nation,direct metro line. At the 8th floor on top of a recent building,for 2-4 people: 1 bedroom with a large japanese bed,1 living with 2 people convertible sofa, full equipped kitchen, bathroom  very clear, very quiet, very convenient , metro line at 80 m, with easy access to everywhere in Paris   We will welcome you and you will have one key each. There is a nice young concierge in the building   we live at proximity and we will be happy to guide you in Paris......and we speak english fluently  You are in the ""bobo"" (bourgeois-bohème) district between rue Montreuil and Bastille. Your flat is in a quiet and small Avenue There are two open air markets in Place Nation and the funny marché d'Aligre, a Monoprix convenience store at 150 m.  métro Nation at 80 m,  30 mn from Charles De Gaulle airport by taxi a nice private garden inside the building "
27707	Apartment located at the heart of Paris, in a quiet street, Subway Voltaire (line 9), at 10 minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, at 5 minutes of Place de la République, at 5 minutes of Père Lachaise, and 5 minutes of the Rue Oberkampf (Bar, Restaurant). Station Vélib (Bicycle public rental) and Taxi in 150m. Bars and typical restaurants are in large number in a beam of 400m. Shopping and quiet district. There are 2 rooms (45 square meters) with US kitchen fully equipped (Cooktops, Wash dishes, Oven, Big Fridge), opened on the main room. Big height under ceiling, mouldings, columns, parquet(public prosecutor's department). Italian bathroom. A washing machine is integrated(joined) into the work plan(work-top). The room(chamber) benefits from numerous arrangements. Uncluttered decoration, lively colors in the bathroom and the cooking(kitchen) Ideal for 2, the sofa reads trés comfortable allows to welcome 2 additional persons.	Apartment located at the heart of Paris, in a quiet street, Subway Voltaire (line 9), at 10 minutes of Bastille and Le Marais, at 5 minutes of Place de la République, at 5 minutes of Père Lachaise, and 5 minutes of the Rue Oberkampf (Bar, Restaurant). Station Vélib (Bicycle public rental) and Taxi in 150m. Bars and typical restaurants are in large number in a beam of 400m. Shopping and quiet district. There are 2 rooms (45 square meters) with US kitchen fully equipped (Cooktops, Wash dishes, Oven, Big Fridge), opened on the main room. Big height under ceiling, mouldings, columns, parquet(public prosecutor's department). Italian bathroom. A washing machine is integrated(joined) into the work plan(work-top). The room(chamber) benefits from numerous arrangements. Uncluttered decoration, lively colors in the bathroom and the cooking(kitchen) Ideal for 2, the sofa reads trés comfortable allows to welcome 2 additional persons.
27708	bright apartment , charming and welcoming	bright apartment , charming and welcoming the whole apartment available for any information, advice on place to visit for an unforgettable stay good atmosphere, lively and dynamic area , accessible by public transport as well as on foot. walking distance : - Père Lachaise 10 minutes by foot - Seine 15 minutes - many restaurants, bars... subway, velib, bus...
27709		This is a rare ground-floor unit -- no stairs to climb! -- in the very hip & happening SoHo/Little Italy historic district only steps from shopping, galleries, salons & the best restaurants in Manhattan. It features a comfortable Queen sized bed, a 
27710	Charmant studio qui vous permettra de vous déplacer aisément dans le centre de Paris. Un coin salon convivial avec un vrai lit, un grand placard pour ranger vos affaires, un canapé et un coin bureau avec accès wifi. La cuisine est équipée : four, plaques chauffantes, micro-onde, frigo et congélateur, grille pain, machine à laver et même une batterie électronique si vous vous sentez l'âme musicale !	Dans le cœur d'un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris. Magasins, boulangeries, restaurants et bars ne sont qu'à quelques pas. Appartement confortable de 23 m2 pour deux personnes situé dans une rue très calme et donnant sur cour. Charmant studio qui vous permettra de vous déplacer aisément dans le centre de Paris. Un coin salon convivial avec un vrai lit, un grand placard pour ranger vos affaires, un canapé et un coin bureau avec accès wifi. La cuisine est équipée : four, plaques chauffantes, micro-onde, frigo et congélateur, grille pain, machine à laver et même une batterie électronique si vous vous sentez l'âme musicale ! 4 lignes de métro à moins de 10 mn à pied (3, 5, 9, 11 et 8) Desservi par le bus Station velib au coin de la rue Quartier animé, à proximité de nombreux restaurants, bars, commerces et boulangeries. Proche de la place de la République, du canal st martin, du marais et du quartier de Bastille. 5 lignes de métro à moins de 10 mn à pied (3, 5, 9, 11 et 8) Desservi p
27711	L appartement est idéalement situé entre la place de la république et la place de la Bastille , proche du canal saint Martin ( 10 minutes de marche ) , accès dans le quartier du marais en 10 minutes , cimetière du Père Lachaise , parc de Belleville , accès Montmartre par ligne directe en 15 minutes de métro . Nombreux supermarchés , boulangeries , traiteurs , libraires , petites boutiques de cadeaux ,... Nombreux restaurants de toutes nationalités ( italien, éthiopien , bresilien , thaï , indien, français ,japonais ,... )  	L'appartement se situe au metro Parmentier dans le 11eme arrondissement . Un bus direct vous ammènera en 10 minutes dans le très beau quartier du marais, en 15 minutes à l'hotel de ville, il couvre également saint michel, odeon , saint germain des près , et la gare Montparnasse que vous pouvez rejoindre en 40 minutes .  Appartement de 50 m2 au centre de Paris , dans un quartier animé , mais au calme !  Le couchage est un canapé lit de bonne qualité dans le salon .  Check out = 11 :00am maximum L appartement est idéalement situé entre la place de la république et la place de la Bastille , proche du canal saint Martin ( 10 minutes de marche ) , accès dans le quartier du marais en 10 minutes , cimetière du Père Lachaise , parc de Belleville , accès Montmartre par ligne directe en 15 minutes de métro . Nombreux supermarchés , boulangeries , traiteurs , libraires , petites boutiques de cadeaux ,... Nombreux restaurants de toutes nationalités ( italien, éthiopien , bresilien , thaï , indien,
27712	Live like a local with everything you need in our comfortable apartment! This is a large 40 meter sq (430 sq. ft.) flat in a Haussmannian building on the first floor (with elevator), newly renovated with taste and design. The open floor plan includes the kitchen, well stocked with an induction stove-top, oven, Nespresso machine, full sized fridge, etc, and a comfortable living/dining room with table space for 6 people. Enjoy breakfast with a rich espresso and a croissant from one of the many patisseries around the corner. The couch also converts to a bed for extra sleeping space. The separate bedroom contains a double bed, desk, and plenty of closet and shelf space. You will appreciate how quiet the room stays, and if you choose to close the shutters you can sleep as late as you want. The shower has good water pressure and nice hot water. Towels are included. The Saint-Ambroise neighborhood is very safe, and one of the best locations in Paris. The apartment is stocked with city guides 	Live like a local with everything you need in our comfortable apartment! This is a large 40 meter sq (430 sq. ft.) flat in a Haussmannian building on the first floor (with elevator), newly renovated with taste and design. The open floor plan includes the kitchen, well stocked with an induction stove-top, oven, Nespresso machine, full sized fridge, etc, and a comfortable living/dining room with table space for 6 people. Enjoy breakfast with a rich espresso and a croissant from one of the many patisseries around the corner. The couch also converts to a bed for extra sleeping space. The separate bedroom contains a double bed, desk, and plenty of closet and shelf space. You will appreciate how quiet the room stays, and if you choose to close the shutters you can sleep as late as you want. The shower has good water pressure and nice hot water. Towels are included. The Saint-Ambroise neighborhood is very safe, and one of the best locations in Paris. The apartment is stocked with city guides 
27713	Appartement très lumineux de 40 m2, au cœur de Paris (carrefour entre Bastille, République, le Marais, le Père Lachaise et Oberkampf). Cet appartement du 11e arrondissement a été rénové entièrement en août 2012. Situé au 3ème étage, avec ascenseur, dans une rue à sens unique très calme, cet appartement possède un balcon qui permet de profiter du soleil et de l'exposition (sud). Salon confortable de 20 m2 avec un canapé non convertible, TV écran plat, internet haut débit sans fil, enceintes. Cuisine US avec un large comptoir convivial toute équipée : machine à café Nespresso, lave vaisselle, four, plaques, hotte, réfrigérateur, congélateur, grille pain, bouilloire, mixeur. Chambre de 11m2 lumineuse avec lit double (160) très confortable et une penderie. Salle de bain avec grande baignoire, ainsi qu'un combiné douche pluie. WC séparé.	Appartement très lumineux de 40 m2, au cœur de Paris (carrefour entre Bastille, République, le Marais, le Père Lachaise et Oberkampf). Cet appartement du 11e arrondissement a été rénové entièrement en août 2012. Situé au 3ème étage, avec ascenseur, dans une rue à sens unique très calme, cet appartement possède un balcon qui permet de profiter du soleil et de l'exposition (sud). Salon confortable de 20 m2 avec un canapé non convertible, TV écran plat, internet haut débit sans fil, enceintes. Cuisine US avec un large comptoir convivial toute équipée : machine à café Nespresso, lave vaisselle, four, plaques, hotte, réfrigérateur, congélateur, grille pain, bouilloire, mixeur. Chambre de 11m2 lumineuse avec lit double (160) très confortable et une penderie. Salle de bain avec grande baignoire, ainsi qu'un combiné douche pluie. WC séparé. À pied :  7 min de République et canal St Martin, 15 min de Bastille et du Marais (Hôtel de Ville - Châtelet), 15 min de Ménilmontant et Père Lachaise, Bel
27714	Set in a trendy neighbourhood in the centre of Paris, a modern recently renovated 1 bedroom flat that can accommodate up to 5 people. The bedroom is spacious with a double bed, and a single folded bed. The living room has an open plan kitchen, a dining table and a sofa that opens up to another double bed. The living room has large windows that look onto a typical Parisian boulevard. The flat is situated on the 4th floor of a typical 1960s building with a concierge and an elevator. There are wood floors throughout the flat and it is fully equipped, including towels, linen, toiletries, Wifi, cable TV, kitchenware, and washing machine	A modern Parisian flat in a trendy and central neighbourhood where you can experience a Parisian way of living. The flat has 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with a separate toilet, a large kitchen open to the living room where there is a double sofa bed. Set in a trendy neighbourhood in the centre of Paris, a modern recently renovated 1 bedroom flat that can accommodate up to 5 people. The bedroom is spacious with a double bed, and a single folded bed. The living room has an open plan kitchen, a dining table and a sofa that opens up to another double bed. The living room has large windows that look onto a typical Parisian boulevard. The flat is situated on the 4th floor of a typical 1960s building with a concierge and an elevator. There are wood floors throughout the flat and it is fully equipped, including towels, linen, toiletries, Wifi, cable TV, kitchenware, and washing machine Guests can access the whole flat, the building's garden and entrance hall.  Available for guests for free:  - Un
27715	Affordable studio with all the basics (shower, fridge, microwave, electric stove, hot plate, coffee maker, bed, wifi.  It's not luxury but it's a typical Parisian studio, and above all, my home!	Cozy 18m2 studio apt. in popular area for going to bars/cafes. Ideal for couple or single traveler wanting to be close to nightlife, as well as real Parisian neighborhoods in walking distance to Pere La Chaise, Park Butte Chaumont, Canal St. Martin. Affordable studio with all the basics (shower, fridge, microwave, electric stove, hot plate, coffee maker, bed, wifi.  It's not luxury but it's a typical Parisian studio, and above all, my home! As mentioned all the basic amenities and wifi internet. This neighborhood is one of the best in Paris because of its location and diversity. Kind of artsy, kind of bobo, and yet still popular with families. Rue Oberkampf and Jean Pierre Timbaud are packed with bars and restaurants that are affordable and good, and not tourist traps.  It is also close to Belleville, which is in its own way Paris's 2nd Chinatown, if you will. Lots of Asian restaurants and shops, as well as popular bars like Les Folies and Cheri.  And Belleville also has Park Butte Cha
27716	Mon appartement est un studio de 27 m² studio situé dans le haut Marais, et plus précisément dans la rue de Saintonge.  Metro Filles du calvaire ou république, le studio est au centre de Paris et au cœur du 3ème arrondissement dans le Marais.  Tout est accessible à pied.   Le studio est au 5éme étage sans ascenseur et donne sur une cour, ce qui le rend très calme.  Il est lumineux comprenant deux fenêtres.  Aujourd'hui le quartier du temple comprend le carreau du temple, le square du temple, la mairie du 3ème arr., une école supérieure de design, des restaurants, des galeries d'art, des boutiques.  Il est devenu au cours de ces dernières années l'un des endroits les plus branchés pour les Parisiens, autour de la rue de Bretagne et du marché des enfants rouges, loin de la surpopulation du sud du Marais et à proximité immédiate des stations de métro Temple et République. Equipements -Canapé-lit  -Ecran plat  -Hi-fi    -Wifi  Il est fourni avec draps et serviettes, accès Internet Wifi gra	Mon appartement est un studio de 27 m² studio situé dans le haut Marais, et plus précisément dans la rue de Saintonge.  Metro Filles du calvaire ou république, le studio est au centre de Paris et au cœur du 3ème arrondissement dans le Marais.  Tout est accessible à pied.   Le studio est au 5éme étage sans ascenseur et donne sur une cour, ce qui le rend très calme.  Il est lumineux comprenant deux fenêtres.  Aujourd'hui le quartier du temple comprend le carreau du temple, le square du temple, la mairie du 3ème arr., une école supérieure de design, des restaurants, des galeries d'art, des boutiques.  Il est devenu au cours de ces dernières années l'un des endroits les plus branchés pour les Parisiens, autour de la rue de Bretagne et du marché des enfants rouges, loin de la surpopulation du sud du Marais et à proximité immédiate des stations de métro Temple et République. Equipements -Canapé-lit  -Ecran plat  -Hi-fi    -Wifi  Il est fourni avec draps et serviettes, accès Internet Wifi gra
27717	Situé au 2ème étage, 6 fenêtres donc très lumineux, doté d'un salon, du chauffage électrique avec thermostat, d'une chambre avec un grand lit, d'une cuisine équipée pour dîner et prendre son petit déjeuner (avec tout le matériel et ustensiles pour cuisiner ainsi que les aliments de base dont le café et le thé) et d'une grande salle de bain (avec serviettes, sèche cheveux, savons, shampoing, chauffage) ce bel appartement de 50m2 peut accueillir 2 personnes et 1 enfant (lit bébé à votre disposition sous le lit).  Avec une belle hauteur sous plafond c'est le parfait appartement parisien, le tout très bien équipé (draps et serviettes de toilette, four, plaques électriques, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, TV avec cable, Internet, dvds, fer à repasser, cirage pour chaussures etc.) Jouissant d'une excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris il propose tous types de commerces à proximité et surtout d'excellents restaurants dont le Septime.  L'ambiance du quartier est assez unique, 	Situé au 2ème étage, 6 fenêtres donc très lumineux, doté d'un salon, du chauffage électrique avec thermostat, d'une chambre avec un grand lit, d'une cuisine équipée pour dîner et prendre son petit déjeuner (avec tout le matériel et ustensiles pour cuisiner ainsi que les aliments de base dont le café et le thé) et d'une grande salle de bain (avec serviettes, sèche cheveux, savons, shampoing, chauffage) ce bel appartement de 50m2 peut accueillir 2 personnes et 1 enfant (lit bébé à votre disposition sous le lit).  Avec une belle hauteur sous plafond c'est le parfait appartement parisien, le tout très bien équipé (draps et serviettes de toilette, four, plaques électriques, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, TV avec cable, Internet, dvds, fer à repasser, cirage pour chaussures etc.) Jouissant d'une excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris il propose tous types de commerces à proximité et surtout d'excellents restaurants dont le Septime.  L'ambiance du quartier est assez unique, 
27718	The apartment can host 4 persons, there are one big double bed in the bedroom and one big and comfortable sofa bed in the living room. There is a sunny kitchen/living room with two big windows. The kitchen is handy and well-equipped (a microwave,  two hot plates, a fridge, a coffee machine, a washing machine and a drier). The bedroom is really quiet et completely isolated from the sound of the street. The separated bathroom is equipped with a wide shower, WC and a washbasin.	Peaceful apartment, perfect place for a stay in one of the best places in Paris: the trendy, charming and typically Parisian Marché d'Aligre & Bastille neighborhood. Subway is within 3 min walking. Quiet bedroom, kitchen and bathroom well-equipped. The apartment can host 4 persons, there are one big double bed in the bedroom and one big and comfortable sofa bed in the living room. There is a sunny kitchen/living room with two big windows. The kitchen is handy and well-equipped (a microwave,  two hot plates, a fridge, a coffee machine, a washing machine and a drier). The bedroom is really quiet et completely isolated from the sound of the street. The separated bathroom is equipped with a wide shower, WC and a washbasin. We will make our possible to be able to meet you and directly give you the keys. Otherwise, if it's not possible, we will ask to one of our friends to welcome you. Faubourg Saint Antoine's neighborhood is a succession of very different small neighborhoods between Bastill
27719	Mini loft between la Bastille and Père Lachaise. There's a direct bus ride to the Louvre and Metro Charonne  is only two blocks away There are Many restaurants, bars and food stores just around the corner. Great bakeries and wine stores The street we're on is really quiet yet we're a five minute walk from rue de charonne with all its different bars and restaurants. It's a fun neighborhood very parisian and young The flat is Cosy, quiet, well ventilated and very bright.  It's on the 5th floor with a small lift to the 4th floor  It's Spacious despite its triangularity (645 sq ft on the ground) A working kitchen, a full bathroom with a bathtub and a shower. There's a washing machine and a dryer And wireless internet connexion It's ideal for two, though  there's an alcove with another full bed The neighborhood is very nice, with many good restaurants if you go down Charonne towards Bastille. I recommend a Vietnamese restaurant called Paris-Hanoi and a very French cafe called Pause Café. Bo	Great neighborhood ! Amazing restaurants, bars, cafés, music scene... Not too expensive. And you'll feel just like  home in my flat. Easy transportation to go anywhere in Paris.  Mini loft between la Bastille and Père Lachaise. There's a direct bus ride to the Louvre and Metro Charonne  is only two blocks away There are Many restaurants, bars and food stores just around the corner. Great bakeries and wine stores The street we're on is really quiet yet we're a five minute walk from rue de charonne with all its different bars and restaurants. It's a fun neighborhood very parisian and young The flat is Cosy, quiet, well ventilated and very bright.  It's on the 5th floor with a small lift to the 4th floor  It's Spacious despite its triangularity (645 sq ft on the ground) A working kitchen, a full bathroom with a bathtub and a shower. There's a washing machine and a dryer And wireless internet connexion It's ideal for two, though  there's an alcove with another full bed The neighborhood is 
27720	Voici un très bel endroit pour un séjour inoubliable dans la ville lumière. Studio de 35 m² refait à neuf cet été. Un grand loft Bed, un mur de pierre apparentes certainement empruntées à la fameuse Bastille peu apres sa destruction, un balcon donnant sur le jardin tranquille d'une citée paisible Tous les ingrédients ont été réunis pour vous rendre votre séjour agréable.	Voici un très bel endroit pour un séjour inoubliable dans la ville lumière. Studio de 35 m² refait à neuf cet été. Un grand loft Bed, un mur de pierre apparentes certainement empruntées à la fameuse Bastille peu apres sa destruction, un balcon donnant sur le jardin tranquille d'une citée paisible Tous les ingrédients ont été réunis pour vous rendre votre séjour agréable.
27721		2-room New-York style loft well located near Oberkampf. Renovated last year in an industrial style, it perfectly fits for two people.  Excellent location close to 3 lines of metro.
27722	L'appartement est grand, lumineux, de type haussmannien. Il est composé d'une cuisine fonctionnelle, avec des nombreux ustensiles, de la vaisselle. Une table pour manger. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et wc.  Ma chambre fait 15m² et se compose d'un grand lit 2 places tout confort et d'un espace salon, avec canapé lit, de 2 places également.	Bonjour, Je loue ma chambre (15m²) qui se situe en colocation dans un grand appartement (70m²) dans un coin très dynamique du 11e arrondissement de Paris (Oberkampf) L'appartement est à partager avec mes deux colocataires, Clémence et Agathe. Léa L'appartement est grand, lumineux, de type haussmannien. Il est composé d'une cuisine fonctionnelle, avec des nombreux ustensiles, de la vaisselle. Une table pour manger. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et wc.  Ma chambre fait 15m² et se compose d'un grand lit 2 places tout confort et d'un espace salon, avec canapé lit, de 2 places également. Les voyageurs auront accès à ma chambre, à la cuisine et à la salle de bain et aux wc. Je serai là à l'arrivée et au départ des voyageurs pour leur donner les clés et leur expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appart. Le quartier est très dynamique. L'appartement se situe au sein du quartier d'Oberkampf, un lieu  très dynamique pour sortir à Paris. Il se situe à 2 minutes du quartier de Ménilmontant, ainsi qu
27723	LE LOGEMENT : Tout juste refait à neuf, ce charmant studio est situé au Rez-De-Chaussée d'un ancien immeuble (coté cour), tout près de la place de la Bastille (10min à pied) en plein coeur de Paris. Ce studio de 22m² offre tout le confort nécessaire. L'espace est intelligemment aménagé. L'installation de la mezzanine permet d'offrir un coin salon pour les voyageurs ainsi qu'un espace cuisine. Coin Salon  Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible, d'une grande télé (écran plat) avec option 3D mais également d'une connexion internet en fibre optique pouvant aller jusqu'à 200mb/s et bien sûr tout cela gratuitement. La télé offre un panel d'environ 240 chaînes. Un fer à repasser ainsi qu'une petite planche à repasser sont mis à disposition. Coin cuisine  La cuisine est équipée de deux plaques à induction, d'une bouilloire mais aussi d'un micro-onde/grill et un réfrigérateur/freezer. Il y a bien évidemment tous les ustensiles nécessaire à la cuisine (couverts, couteau, casseroles, pa	Ce joli studio avec façade façon atelier industriel, séduira par son calme et sa modernité. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire. Le haut plafond offre une sensation de grandeur et d'espace. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. LE LOGEMENT : Tout juste refait à neuf, ce charmant studio est situé au Rez-De-Chaussée d'un ancien immeuble (coté cour), tout près de la place de la Bastille (10min à pied) en plein coeur de Paris. Ce studio de 22m² offre tout le confort nécessaire. L'espace est intelligemment aménagé. L'installation de la mezzanine permet d'offrir un coin salon pour les voyageurs ainsi qu'un espace cuisine. Coin Salon  Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible, d'une grande télé (écran plat) avec option 3D mais également d'une connexion internet en fibre optique pouvant aller jusqu'à 200mb/s et bien sûr tout cela gratuitement. La télé offre un panel d'environ 240 chaînes. Un fer à repasser ainsi qu'une petite planche à repasser sont mis à disposition. Coin cuisine  La
27724	"Nice and cosy room with double bed in the city center of Paris. This room is the biggest of the flat !! Our appartement is located in Saint Ambroise, 5min by walk from the historical  area Le Marais.  We are 4 People living in the flat that we call ""House of Happiness"" it even writing on the door and help you to understand that you are at the right place for ringing the bell and which means also that the atmosphere is very nice and friendly. We usually not only host the guests, but we like to go out to bars and show them the area and the nice places where to go to. We all speak English!                        ******************** Grande chambre avec un lit double et un petit salon attenant dans le centre de Paris. Notre appartement est situé au pied du métro St Ambroise (ligne 9), à 5 min à pied du célèbre et pittoresque quartier du Marais. Au centre donc de l'effervescence parisienne avec ses nombreux bars et restaurants.  Nous sommes 4 colocataires à ce partager l'appartement! ce qui"	"The appartement is in the very heart of Paris. Not only it's walking distance to amazing parisien places as Le Marais, Oberkampf, Bastille, Republique but it's surrended by great restaurants and bars too ! Nice and cosy room with double bed in the city center of Paris. This room is the biggest of the flat !! Our appartement is located in Saint Ambroise, 5min by walk from the historical  area Le Marais.  We are 4 People living in the flat that we call ""House of Happiness"" it even writing on the door and help you to understand that you are at the right place for ringing the bell and which means also that the atmosphere is very nice and friendly. We usually not only host the guests, but we like to go out to bars and show them the area and the nice places where to go to. We all speak English!                        ******************** Grande chambre avec un lit double et un petit salon attenant dans le centre de Paris. Notre appartement est situé au pied du métro St Ambroise (ligne 9), à "
27725	"Enjoy some quality time in this 58sqm recently renovated, stylish and incredibly bright 5th floor (with elevator) corner home sweet home with an 180° unobstructed south east view on Voltaire bld  from the tree-filled balcony running the entire length of the apartment. 3 bicycle/Velib spots / 1 AutoLib spot / ""rue des boulets"" line 9 Metro / N°56 public bus / FRANPRIX market right at the door.  You are minutes away by foot from La Bastille and Le Marais and by metro from the rest of the major attractions. The famous french Chef Cyril Lignac Chardenoux restaurant and his new own bakery with the best delicacies in town are just a block away :-)  The main spacious wooden double-living room has a comfortable sofa-double bed (140X190CM), flat screen cable TV, ELTAX large speakers, Iphone/pad deck, Airplay bluetooth technology to play your music or see your pictures  from your Pad or recent Mac on the TV screen. The serene and large bedroom has a large 150/190cm double bed and a large closet "	"Facing famous Cusenier and Alexandre Dumas bust buildings, the apartment is located in a typically haussmanian faubourg style safe and quiet area where you will truly experiment the ""REAL"" parisian life without tourist crowds all around.    Enjoy some quality time in this 58sqm recently renovated, stylish and incredibly bright 5th floor (with elevator) corner home sweet home with an 180° unobstructed south east view on Voltaire bld  from the tree-filled balcony running the entire length of the apartment. 3 bicycle/Velib spots / 1 AutoLib spot / ""rue des boulets"" line 9 Metro / N°56 public bus / FRANPRIX market right at the door.  You are minutes away by foot from La Bastille and Le Marais and by metro from the rest of the major attractions. The famous french Chef Cyril Lignac Chardenoux restaurant and his new own bakery with the best delicacies in town are just a block away :-)  The main spacious wooden double-living room has a comfortable sofa-double bed (140X190CM), flat screen cable"
27726	Logement parquet, cheminée et moulure dans un quartier sympathique proche du pére lachaise. 	Charmin, bright room with double bed, in lovely Appartament composed of 2 bedroom, living, kitchen, bathroom,
27727	Located on the 8th floor of a modern flat of Rue Oberkampf, this large apartment (44 m2 or 470 square ft) benefits from a generous sunny exposure and a view on Southern Paris. From the window you can see Le Panthéon or La Tour Montparnasse.  Looking onto a green and quiet courtyard, you will be able to rest with no noise at all.  The apartments comprises a large living room with new furnitures, a bedroom with a large bed and free drawers (living room and bedroom are also connected through a large opening shut by a book case), a bathroom with bathtub, separated toilets and a convenient kitchen with most modern equipments.  	This 2-room modern apartment is located in the immediate vicinity of République and Le Marais. Rest and chill in a calm interior while enjoying the night life of rue Oberkampf and being connected fast to Paris central locations and many other spots Located on the 8th floor of a modern flat of Rue Oberkampf, this large apartment (44 m2 or 470 square ft) benefits from a generous sunny exposure and a view on Southern Paris. From the window you can see Le Panthéon or La Tour Montparnasse.  Looking onto a green and quiet courtyard, you will be able to rest with no noise at all.  The apartments comprises a large living room with new furnitures, a bedroom with a large bed and free drawers (living room and bedroom are also connected through a large opening shut by a book case), a bathroom with bathtub, separated toilets and a convenient kitchen with most modern equipments.  Guests will access the building with a door code.  Two elevators will take them to the 8th floor.   I can be reached anyt
27728	- SHORT DESCRIPTION - On the first floor, you ll have a small kitchen fully equipped, a bright living room with books, games and music under the veranda, and a  tv corner, with a couch that convert into a two person bed.  On the second floor, you ll access to a large room with king size bed, large italian shower, washing machine and writing desk.  	- THE PLACE - Beautiful little old house fully renovated, with exposed beams, stones wall and floor tile. In the heart  the very lively district  you enter a small courtyard to get in this peaceful house.  - SHORT DESCRIPTION - On the first floor, you ll have a small kitchen fully equipped, a bright living room with books, games and music under the veranda, and a  tv corner, with a couch that convert into a two person bed.  On the second floor, you ll access to a large room with king size bed, large italian shower, washing machine and writing desk.  - THE DISTRCIT - Getting out of this quiet place, you will feel one of the most dynamic district of paris ( Saint Maur / Oberkampf / JeanPierre TImbaud ). But you will be also close to everywhere central: 10 minutes walking from Canal Saint Martin, Bastille, République, Montmartre, Belleville, and even Le Marais. - TRANSPORT - Nearest metro stations - Parmentier line 3 (5min) - Oberkampf lines 5 et 9 (5min) - République ligne 3, 5, 9,11 et 
27729	If you are looking for a nice, comfortable and private studio near to the centre of Paris, I highly recommend you staying at my place. If you have a car, there is a private parking available	"Calm and nice studio (25m2), with all the essential things, in a popular and typical neighboorhood. Very close to the center,   at 3 min from the metro station ""menilmontant"", lots of bars and restaurants along the street which ends in the Oberkampf street, next to Republique and Bastille.Private parking If you are looking for a nice, comfortable and private studio near to the centre of Paris, I highly recommend you staying at my place. If you have a car, there is a private parking available If you need someone to clean the house during your stay, I can tell the person who use to come, to provide that service for you (12 euros per hour) I will be out of Paris, but you can contact me by phone or SMS before or during your stay without no problem. -A Large variety of typical parisien restaurants, cafes, and  bars are around.  -Within one minute distance there are Italian, Vietnamese, French, Brazilian, restaurants available  -Supermarkets (Casino, Leader Price, Picard, Carrefour)  - Cash "
27730		Studio de 14m2 dans le séduisant quartier du 11eme arrondissement Paris, pas très loin de place de la Bastille et juste a coté du cimetière du Père Lachaise, entre métro Alexandre Dumas (ligne2) et métro Charonne (ligne9), lit double,internet, douche Internet Rue de Charonne pour boire un verre, Pas très loin de Bastille et juste à coté du Cimetière du Père Lachaise. A 8 stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette pour faire du shopping Arrêt Philippe Auguste ou Alexandre Dumas sur la ligne 2 ou Arret Charonne sur la ligne 9, Bus 76 arrêt Philippe Auguste
27731	Welcome to this atypical duplex where you can enjoy the sky in the heart of Paris! Located 100 m. Oberkampf metro, near a wide variety of new quality restaurants, cafes and shops, it is a place for rest in one of the most dynamic neighborhoods in Paris. The first level of this duplex of 54 m2 (27 m2 on each floor) is a large living room with open kitchen and direct access to the terrace of 24 m2, south facing. A small bathroom is adjacent to the entrance with a toilet, sink and washing machine. An outside staircase, on the terrace gives access to the floor, where is the room with a bathroom (bath, sink and toilet). details: - Lift access: fifth and sixth floors, the last of the building. - Kitchen with oven, 4 hotplates, large refrigerator with freezer, a device to do everything (mixer, centrifuge, etc.) ... - Living room with a TV monitor, high speed internet (wireless), stereo with turntable and sofa bed. - In the room: two seats very comfortable bed (1.60 x 2.00 m). Wardrobe and bat	Welcome to this atypical duplex where you can enjoy the sky in the heart of Paris! Located 100 m. Oberkampf metro, near a wide variety of new quality restaurants, cafes and shops, it is a place for rest in one of the most dynamic neighborhoods in Paris. The first level of this duplex of 54 m2 (27 m2 on each floor) is a large living room with open kitchen and direct access to the terrace of 24 m2, south facing. A small bathroom is adjacent to the entrance with a toilet, sink and washing machine. An outside staircase, on the terrace gives access to the floor, where is the room with a bathroom (bath, sink and toilet). details: - Lift access: fifth and sixth floors, the last of the building. - Kitchen with oven, 4 hotplates, large refrigerator with freezer, a device to do everything (mixer, centrifuge, etc.) ... - Living room with a TV monitor, high speed internet (wireless), stereo with turntable and sofa bed. - In the room: two seats very comfortable bed (1.60 x 2.00 m). Wardrobe and bat
27732	The apartment is very luminous and you will have a direct access to the sun from around 4pm until 8pm (if Paris is sunny :) ). The sofabed is confortable (but not as confortable as a real bed of course) which makes this appartment good for people who wants to stay from a few days to a week and visit a lot (not much to do in the appartment)	"My appartment is a studio in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. It is just nearby the ""Père Lachaise"", at less than 20 minutes by walk from Bastille and from République.  It is 7 minutes away from three metro lines which can lead you to very  The apartment is very luminous and you will have a direct access to the sun from around 4pm until 8pm (if Paris is sunny :) ). The sofabed is confortable (but not as confortable as a real bed of course) which makes this appartment good for people who wants to stay from a few days to a week and visit a lot (not much to do in the appartment) You will have access to all the appartment: the room (sofabed, tv, etc.) , the kitchen and the bathroom (bathtub). You will be able to reach me or a friend or family at any time! The neighborhood is very lively. The street in itself is quite calm and the appartment overlooks the courtyard (no noise from the street). But when you arrive at ""Rue de la Roquette"" (just down the street) you will find many places to ea"
27733	Excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris.	Appartement cosy à deux pas de la Place de la République. Proche du Marais, canal St Martin. Très belle vue sur les toits de Paris.  Une chambre avec un lit 2 pl. et un canapé-lit dans le séjour. La douche est dans la cuisine. Welcome! Excellente situation en plein coeur de Paris. Tout l'appartement. Wi-fi. Place de la république, à deux pas du Marais et du canal St Martin. Quartier très vivant, bars, restaurants, musées etc.. Métro, bus, taxi, vélib. Gare du nord, gare de l'est et gare de Lyon à proximité. La douche est dans la salle de bain.
27734	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y a une grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la 
27735		Cute, cosy and functional studio in the heart of the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Just 5 minutes walk from the hustle and bustle of the nightlife in the Parmentier/Oberkampf area yet located in a quiet road: you really have the best of both worlds.
27736	Appartement de 27 m2 situé dans un quartier très agréable avec République à 10 min à pied et la rue Oberkampf à 2 min. Le logemennt est composé d'un salon avec un canapé lit 1 place et possibilité de mettre un matelas gonflable à disponibilité, TV et internet, une petite cuisine avec tout le nécessaire pour se faire à manger, une petite salle de bain avec un wc et une baignoire sabot, et enfin une chambre avec un lit deux personnes. l'appartement est au 6eme étage il est donc tres lumineux et calme. 	appartement de 27 m2 composé d'un salon avec un canapé lit 1 place et possibilité de mettre un matela gonfleble à disponibilité, TV et internet. Appartement de 27 m2 situé dans un quartier très agréable avec République à 10 min à pied et la rue Oberkampf à 2 min. Le logemennt est composé d'un salon avec un canapé lit 1 place et possibilité de mettre un matelas gonflable à disponibilité, TV et internet, une petite cuisine avec tout le nécessaire pour se faire à manger, une petite salle de bain avec un wc et une baignoire sabot, et enfin une chambre avec un lit deux personnes. l'appartement est au 6eme étage il est donc tres lumineux et calme.
27737		"Awesome view on the Eiffel Tower and Haussmannian Houses in this typical 2rooms Parisian flat (30m2). Next to the heart from Paris with many transport facilities and metro station (3rd Line). Nice restaurants in the block, i'm sure you'll enjoy it! The flat is just next to Parmentier metro station (3rd Line). Many other transport facilities like buses, Vélib (Bike) or Taxi parking in front of my place. From the airport (CDG), it´s easy to come and it´s gonna take you less than 1h. From the airport, take the train RER B untill ""Gare du Nord"", then Line 5 (to Place d'Italie) and stop in ""République"" (3stations), and then take Line 3(to Gallieni) for only 1 station and you'll arrive in Parmentier. When you go out from the subway station, take left and walk around 100m. And here you are ! It´s not that much complicated from ORY :) You can also book a UBER and have a 10€ Voucher for your first ride Promo Code : ii75d"
27738		3 rd floor with elevator, in the heart of the Bastille, studio for 2 people, very charming, you are in the heart of the very animated Bastille-Roquette, metro Bastille just in the corner, the place is renovated two years ago
27739	L'appartement est très lumineux et décoré par un artiste professionnel propriétaire du logement. Les nombreux tableaux et la couleur des murs offrent une ambiance chaleureuse et cosy pour tout vos moments de détente lors de votre séjour parisien.  A sunny appartment, decorated by the owner, a professional artist, with various pictures and elaborated colours. A nice environment to relax during your visit in Paris. 	(New on Air bnb) Nice duplex in the centre of Paris, next to Le Marais, well decorated,  with a wide living room and open kitchen. Above, two bedrooms and a luminous bathroom with both shower and bath. Calm and sunny. Ideal for a family with kids.  L'appartement est très lumineux et décoré par un artiste professionnel propriétaire du logement. Les nombreux tableaux et la couleur des murs offrent une ambiance chaleureuse et cosy pour tout vos moments de détente lors de votre séjour parisien.  A sunny appartment, decorated by the owner, a professional artist, with various pictures and elaborated colours. A nice environment to relax during your visit in Paris. Notre Duplex est composé d'un large salon qui se combine parfaitement d'une salle à manger et d'une cuisine aménagé à l'américaine.  A l'étage vous trouverez une superbe salle de bain et deux chambres (la première avec lit double, la seconde avec un lit simple + un lit pliant pour personne  80kilos) idéal pour accueillir une famille
27740	 FOR OUR ENGLISH SPEAKING FRIENDS (une version française, plus détaillée, suit plus bas… merci !) NICE, QUIET RENOVATED STUDIO WITH CHARACTER IN EAST CENTER OF PARIS (BASTILLE -  LA ROQUETTE - VOLTAIRE - CHARONNE - PERE LACHAISE AREA). CAN ACCOMMODATE IDEALLY 2 PERSONS WITH 1 LARGE, BRAND NEW AND COMFORTABLE REAL BED (A MURPHY BED/CLOSET BED NOT YET ON... PHOTOS) WITH A 100% NATURAL HEVEA/RUBBER MATTRESS !  NB: EXCEPTIONALLY, A THIRD PERSON CAN SLEEP ON AN EXTRA FOLDING BED (IDEALLY FOR A CHILD, A TEENAGER OR A YOUNG AND FIT PERSON) FULLY FURNISHED AND MODERNLY EQUIPPED. A WELL THOUGHT MODERN APARTMENT, WELL FITTED OUT & ABOVE ALL VERY FUNCTIONAL WITH A MAXIMUM OF STORAGE AND SHELVES (LARGE DRESSING…), IT IS A NICELY AND DISCREETLY DECORATED STUDIO WITH CHARACTER AND A TOUCH OF ELEGANCE. ON THE SECOND FLOOR WITHOUT LIFT OF A SMALL, POPULAR & TRANQUIL BUILDING WHERE EVERYONE KNOWS EACH OTHER... VERY EASY AND SAFE TO WALK FROM AND TO, DAY AS NIGHT, THIS NICE LIVE-IN APARTMENT IS CLOSE TO	" Pour rejoindre l'appartement du 11ème Arrondissement venant des gares ou des aéroports locaux: TO REACH THE APARTMENT FROM THE LOCAL AIRPORTS & RAILWAY STATIONS:  -   L'aéroport de Charles De Gaulle (CDG) grâce au Roissy Bus qui vous mènera pour quelque 11 €uros par personne en seulement 50 minutes à 1 heure de l'aéroport CDG au centre de Paris. ""Roissy Bus"" est une ligne de bus directe et sans arrêt jusqu'à l'Opéra Garnier, d'où vous prendrez la Ligne n° 9 directement pour l'appartement en descendant à la station de métro Charonne (sortie n° 3), -  Orly Bus vous mènera de l'aéroport d'Orly à son terminus devant la station de métro Denfert-Rochereau, d'où vous rejoindrez l'appartement par le métro grâce à la Ligne n° 6 et, ensuite, la Ligne n° 9 en changeant à la station Nation puis en descendant à la station Charonne, -  La Gare de Lyon, voisine de l'appartement, sera rejointe à pied en 15 minutes ou par la ligne directe du Bus n° 61 en une dizaine de minutes, voire par le métro (Lig"
27741	Our apartment has 2 bedrooms: The master has a king size bed, and a flat screen TV. The children bedroom is equipped with a crib and a toddler's bed The living room is very spacious, and bright. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, dish washer, micro wave, kettle, nespresso machine). Vous disposez d'un lave vaisselle, lave/sèche linge, internet, TV câblée. We also offer, washing machine/dryer,  internet, wifi, cable TV The bathroom has a shower, and a tub. Ideal for a family with 2 young children.	Welcome to our 2 bedroom apt, well-equipped on the 2nd floor of a typical charming and quiet Parisian street. The apt and the neighborhood are perfect for foodies from all over the world. Our apartment has 2 bedrooms: The master has a king size bed, and a flat screen TV. The children bedroom is equipped with a crib and a toddler's bed The living room is very spacious, and bright. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, dish washer, micro wave, kettle, nespresso machine). Vous disposez d'un lave vaisselle, lave/sèche linge, internet, TV câblée. We also offer, washing machine/dryer,  internet, wifi, cable TV The bathroom has a shower, and a tub. Ideal for a family with 2 young children. Le linge de lit est fourni, draps et serviettes de toilette.  The bedding sheets, and towels are provided for. Coffee and tea will be at your disposal We could also offer a parking spot if needed. We will welcome you to our home, and will give you as much insight on the neighborhood as we can. What to visit,
27742	Chambre de 15m² avec balcon donnant sur le beau Square Gardette. La chambre ne possède pas de vis à vis, elle est équipée d un confortable lit double king size. Vous pouvez disposer du salon, des salles d'eau et de la cuisine, comme vous l'entendez.  L'appartement se situe dans une rue calme, et il est très bien desservi par les différentes lignes du métro. 	Appartement de 50m² donnant sur le Square Gardette. La chambre possède un balcon. Emplacement idéal, à 2 pas de la Rue Saint Maur, du quartier d 'Oberkampf, très bien desservi (ligne 2, 3, 9 et 5) Tous commerces et restaurants à proximité Chambre de 15m² avec balcon donnant sur le beau Square Gardette. La chambre ne possède pas de vis à vis, elle est équipée d un confortable lit double king size. Vous pouvez disposer du salon, des salles d'eau et de la cuisine, comme vous l'entendez.  L'appartement se situe dans une rue calme, et il est très bien desservi par les différentes lignes du métro. Je suis une hôte discrète, et je me ferai un plaisir de vous renseigner! Je n'ai pas toujours les mêmes horaires de travail, et ne suis pas forcément souvent à l'appartement, mais veillerai à ce que vous vous sentiez chez vous. L'appartement est situé dans le joyeux et dynamique du 11ème (website hidden) nombreux restaurants allant du gastronomique à la cuisine simple de quartier, en passant par de
27743		50 m2 flat with a double-bed bedroom and a double sofa bed in the living room.   It is fully equipped: WiFi, washing machine, dishwasher, oven and microwave oven.  Close to Bastille, Le Marais & Gare de Lyon. Ideal to live like a Parisian!
27744	Hello all,  I am renting my 32 sqm cosy and well furnished appartement, located in place Voltaire, 10 mins walking to Bastile. The place has been entirely renewed by an architect, in September 2012, with all modern comfort. - One bedroom - One living room with American Equipped kitchen ( fridge with freezing compartment, dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, microwave, Nespresso coffee maker ...) - Bathroom with large shower, natural bresilian stone tiles - Large typical parisian balcony with a clear view Style is retro/modern, designers' and vintage pieces of furnitures 2nd floor, no elevator No smoking inside, but balcony is quite convinient for that ! Many shops around for grocery, cheese shop, wine boutique, restaurants, ect. The area is very nice ad friendly and you can really get a french way of life experience ! Métro is Ligne 9 : Voltaire, which goes directly to République, Grands Boulevards (Le Printemps) in a few minutes & Champs Elysées. Many buses getting you every where in Paris 	Hello all,  I am renting my 32 sqm cosy and well furnished appartement, located in place Voltaire, 10 mins walking to Bastile. The place has been entirely renewed by an architect, in September 2012, with all modern comfort. - One bedroom - One living room with American Equipped kitchen ( fridge with freezing compartment, dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, microwave, Nespresso coffee maker ...) - Bathroom with large shower, natural bresilian stone tiles - Large typical parisian balcony with a clear view Style is retro/modern, designers' and vintage pieces of furnitures 2nd floor, no elevator No smoking inside, but balcony is quite convinient for that ! Many shops around for grocery, cheese shop, wine boutique, restaurants, ect. The area is very nice ad friendly and you can really get a french way of life experience ! Métro is Ligne 9 : Voltaire, which goes directly to République, Grands Boulevards (Le Printemps) in a few minutes & Champs Elysées. Many buses getting you every where in Paris 
27745	Idéalement situé au centre de Paris, dans le quartier animé de République/Oberkampf, notre appartement se trouve au troisième et dernier étage d'un ancien immauble. Il donne sur deux cours internes. Inondé de lumière et calme absolu. Vous entendrez voler les mouches !  La charpente en bois est apparente sous les toits : une véritable maison en plein Paris !  L'appartement est adapté pour recevoir 6/8 personnes (une pièce est particulièrement adaptée pour des enfants). Il est composé de : - 3 chambres    - une avec un lit 160 x 200    - une avec un canapé-lit 140 x 200    - une avec un lit superposé 90 x 200, et un berceau. Un petit lit supplémentaire (type futon) peut être ajouté facilement sur demande. - un grand salon double hauteur, avec cuisine à l'américaine - une mezzanine ouverte sur le salon. Dans une zone non visible depuis le salon, lit 140 x 200 pour un quatrième couchage. - une salle d'eau (WC, bidet, douche) et une salle de bain (WC, bidet, baignoire), cette dernière étant	Appartement familial sur cour calme,  dans quartier animé de Paris, à deux pas de République. 3 chambres à coucher (dont une spécialement dédiée aux enfants). Grand salon double hauteur (possibilité de couchage en mezzanine), 2 salles de bains.  Idéalement situé au centre de Paris, dans le quartier animé de République/Oberkampf, notre appartement se trouve au troisième et dernier étage d'un ancien immauble. Il donne sur deux cours internes. Inondé de lumière et calme absolu. Vous entendrez voler les mouches !  La charpente en bois est apparente sous les toits : une véritable maison en plein Paris !  L'appartement est adapté pour recevoir 6/8 personnes (une pièce est particulièrement adaptée pour des enfants). Il est composé de : - 3 chambres    - une avec un lit 160 x 200    - une avec un canapé-lit 140 x 200    - une avec un lit superposé 90 x 200, et un berceau. Un petit lit supplémentaire (type futon) peut être ajouté facilement sur demande. - un grand salon double hauteur, avec cui
27746	Under a good district of Paris, You will find all the proximity shopper like bakery, pork-butchery, super markets...	When I'm in travel, my bedroom is available. there is 20m² with 1 bed for 2 people. You will find a dry cleaner, clean cloths for the bed, bathroom linen. I live with a flatmate. You share the kitchen, the bathroom, the toilet, living room with her. Under a good district of Paris, You will find all the proximity shopper like bakery, pork-butchery, super markets... All the appartment exept the bedroom's flatmate. Available by mail or mobil phone. It's a little village in the big Paris RER A; Metro 1 2 6 9; Bus (phone number hidden); Noctilien 11. My flatmate work at 8am to 7pm.
27747	Notre logement est idéalement situé en plein 11ème arrondissement, à 5 minutes de République, Ménilmontant et de la rue Oberkampf. Le Métro Parmentier est situé de l'autre coté de la rue (visible sur les photos d'extérieur).	This lovely flat is located in the middle of what i would name a Parisian village, everything is close by and open till late. There is a room and a living room, in both rooms there is a two person bed.  3rd floor flat. Metro is down the stairs (30s).
27748	Proche bastille, A louer un  2 pièces meublé tout confort. 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Internet. Armoires et rangements.  Lit double neuf. Canapé neuf convertible.  Cuisine équipée, four, lave vaisselle, lave linge, micro ondes. SDB, Baignoire et WC séparés.  Du 14 juillet au 30 août.  Semaine 700€. Dégressif si +.  Contact: tel: (phone number hidden)	Proche bastille, A louer un  2 pièces meublé tout confort. 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Internet. Armoires et rangements.  Lit double neuf. Canapé neuf convertible.  Cuisine équipée, four, lave vaisselle, lave linge, micro ondes. SDB, Baignoire et WC séparés.  Du 14 juillet au 30 août.  Semaine 700€. Dégressif si +.  Contact: tel: (phone number hidden)
27749	Ce logement est un petit studio bien agencé. Il dispose d'une pièce principale avec téléviseur cablé et canapé-lit, d'une petite cuisine avec machine à laver, et d'une salle de bain comprenant les WC. Le studio comporte de nombreux placards dont un espace penderie. Dans l'appartement, le wifi est disponible. 	Bonjour, Vous trouverez un joli studio, situé dans le 11ème arrondissement à deux pas du métro Ménilmontant (ligne 2). Ce studio est proche de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants.  Il est situé au troisième étage d'un petit immeuble. Ce logement est un petit studio bien agencé. Il dispose d'une pièce principale avec téléviseur cablé et canapé-lit, d'une petite cuisine avec machine à laver, et d'une salle de bain comprenant les WC. Le studio comporte de nombreux placards dont un espace penderie. Dans l'appartement, le wifi est disponible. Le studio est situé à deux pas de la station Ménilmontant (ligne 2) et deux pas également de la station rue Saint-Maur (ligne 3). Ménilmontant est un quartier très plaisant de Paris, où se trouvent de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Il y a beaucoup de transports (bus et métro, bornes vélib') et beaucoup d'endroits sont facilement accessibles à pieds pour les marcheurs (Belleville, Bastille, les Buttes Chaumont, Chatelet et République). N'h
27750		Room with a double bed in an old building in the 11th district: central, near to metro and most lively areas of Paris. You will share the apartment with my two french flat mates and you will be able to use the kitchen, the living room and wi-fi.
27751	Nice and sunny 20m² apartment to rent from 2 days.  The apartment has been completely renewed recently and provides a fully equipped kitchen (combined oven, fridge, cooktops), a design bathroom (large shower and wooden washbasin) and an open living room with a high quality design cupboard bed offering a wonderful sleep (150x200cms). The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator overlooking a calm street and catches sun and brightness all day long. The location is close to metro Voltaire and Pere Lachaise (lines 2, 3 or 9), you will be in Pere Lachaise cemetery in 3 mins, at Bastille in 10 mins in the Marais neighborhood in 15 mins walk. Bus line n°69 linking to Paris hypercenter and the Eiffel tower area is down the street. The apartment is close to all necessary stores, bakery, supermarket, grocery store, pharmacy, laundry. They are all on the corner of the street. You can also enjoy the Père Lachaise market on tuesdays and fridays.  Lots of good and affordable restaurants a	Nice and sunny 20m² apartment to rent from 2 days.  The apartment has been completely renewed recently and provides a fully equipped kitchen (combined oven, fridge, cooktops), a design bathroom (large shower and wooden washbasin) and an open living room with a high quality design cupboard bed offering a wonderful sleep (150x200cms). The apartment is located on the 5th floor with elevator overlooking a calm street and catches sun and brightness all day long. The location is close to metro Voltaire and Pere Lachaise (lines 2, 3 or 9), you will be in Pere Lachaise cemetery in 3 mins, at Bastille in 10 mins in the Marais neighborhood in 15 mins walk. Bus line n°69 linking to Paris hypercenter and the Eiffel tower area is down the street. The apartment is close to all necessary stores, bakery, supermarket, grocery store, pharmacy, laundry. They are all on the corner of the street. You can also enjoy the Père Lachaise market on tuesdays and fridays.  Lots of good and affordable restaurants a
27752	Studio 17 m2 lumineux, sur cour dans une rue calme du quartier Bastille. M° Voltaire (ligne 9) bus 56. 4ème étage, SANS ascenseur. Couchage canapé BZ pour 1 ou 2 (website hidden) - internet ADSL/WIFI - Téléphone Linge de maison (draps - serviettes -- torchons) fournis. Kitchenette équipée 2 plaques élect. -- frigo -- micro onde -- bouilloire -- lave linge. Salle d'eau avec lavabo -- wc --douche (PETITE entrée de douche -30cm)	Paris 11ème. Maxi: 2 personnes. Studio calme et lumineux. 1 couchage: canapé BZ transformable en lit pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Au cœur du 11eme arrondissement, quartier Bastille. Studio 17 m2 lumineux, sur cour dans une rue calme du quartier Bastille. M° Voltaire (ligne 9) bus 56. 4ème étage, SANS ascenseur. Couchage canapé BZ pour 1 ou 2 (website hidden) - internet ADSL/WIFI - Téléphone Linge de maison (draps - serviettes -- torchons) fournis. Kitchenette équipée 2 plaques élect. -- frigo -- micro onde -- bouilloire -- lave linge. Salle d'eau avec lavabo -- wc --douche (PETITE entrée de douche -30cm) Le studio et l'immeuble sont des espaces non-fumeur. Dans une rue calme du quartier Bastille. La rue Godefroy Cavaignac est une rue assez calme. Le studio est sur cour, au 4ème et dernier étage, sans ascenseur. Les stations de métro: Voltaire ou Charonne. Bus n°46
27753	Place de la République Square is just a 10-minute walk from this elegant apartment. It boasts a stereo system and Wi-Fi access.  With stylish furnishings and traditional wooden floorboards, the apartment consists of a king size bedroom with a range of books and an electronic piano. A single bedroom with a desk also features, with two single beds. The combined living room/dining room is fitted with modern décor and a dining table. A 5-minute walk brings guests to the vibrant Rue Oberkampf Street, full of cosy cafes and shabby-chic bars. Parmentier Metro Station is a 4-minute walk away and runs past Garnier Opera House and Peré-Lachaise Cemetery.  A Vélib bike hire station is situated nearby. An excellent city for cycling, guests will find themselves in and around the Eiffel Tower, through Parc des Buttes-Chaumont Park and down Rue des Pyrénées Street in no time.	Very quiet, colorful and lightful 55m2 flat in the most cosmopolitan and arty area of Paris ! It has a main bedroom and big openspace (living room / kitchen, second bedroom) and can house until 4 persons. Place de la République Square is just a 10-minute walk from this elegant apartment. It boasts a stereo system and Wi-Fi access.  With stylish furnishings and traditional wooden floorboards, the apartment consists of a king size bedroom with a range of books and an electronic piano. A single bedroom with a desk also features, with two single beds. The combined living room/dining room is fitted with modern décor and a dining table. A 5-minute walk brings guests to the vibrant Rue Oberkampf Street, full of cosy cafes and shabby-chic bars. Parmentier Metro Station is a 4-minute walk away and runs past Garnier Opera House and Peré-Lachaise Cemetery.  A Vélib bike hire station is situated nearby. An excellent city for cycling, guests will find themselves in and around the Eiffel Tower, thro
27754	L'appartement est situé au second étage. Sa surface est de 36 mètres carré. Chaque pièce possède sa propre fenêtre.	Enjoy your stay in a very cosy 2 rooms in the heart of the 11th District. Ideal for couple. Very quiet and safe flat is ideal to discover Paris. Metro Charonne on line 9, crossing all Paris, direct to Champs Elysées & Eiffel tower
27755	c'est un très joli studio que vous partagez avec moi et parfois avec un autre roomate. Je vis ici et je travaille chaque jour dans un autre quartier. Je propose d'accueillir des personnes à l'aise dans la collocation qui respectent les biens, participent à la vie collective et apportent leur personnalité avec générosité et décontraction.	Bastille, Le Marais, métro 1, 5, 7, 8, bus et noctilien , connection RER Aéroports et toutes gares SNCF de Paris En colocation studio  2, 3 personnes avec lit superposé ou canapé-lit Non adapté aux horaires de nuit Animaux non acceptés c'est un très joli studio que vous partagez avec moi et parfois avec un autre roomate. Je vis ici et je travaille chaque jour dans un autre quartier. Je propose d'accueillir des personnes à l'aise dans la collocation qui respectent les biens, participent à la vie collective et apportent leur personnalité avec générosité et décontraction. RER A B C E Airport Charles de Gaulle / Roissy / Orly / beauvais Tillé metro 1, 5, 8 je peux m'occupez des touristes le weekend je peux proposez des repas au restaurant la semaine Bastille / Le Marais / Jussieu / Saint Germain des Prés / République / Musée Picasso / Les Halles / Beaubourg / Pompidou / Parcs et jardins / Barbès / Musées / boutiques Metro 1, 5, 8 bus Gares RER Airports endroit calme en plein centre
27756	"My flat is very central and accessible, a street from the subway. Warm welcome in typical Parisian apartment, with wooden ground in the flat and the stairs. The interior and exterior of the building have been renovated. The street is very quiet, the district is very sécure. There is a Carrefour market down the street, a bakery at the top of the street, and on Voltaire-Léon Blum place nearby, a store Atac (with products Auchan) and a Franprix), there is also a Dia store in Charonne street. The accommodation includes a double bed in a room, a single bed and a sofa double bed in another room, simple sofa in the lounge. A bed of supplement also.There is also in more a huge pillow ""Big G"" where children adore sleeping. It is always possible to ask for a bed of additional supplement just tell me before.  The entrance : in the drawer, you have sheets, towels of any sizes and gloves at your disposal. A vacuum cleaner, a broom, a mop and a bucket. A big airer to spread the linen (otherwise, you"	"My flat is very central and accessible, a street from the subway. Warm welcome in typical Parisian apartment, with wooden ground in the flat and the stairs. The interior and exterior of the building have been renovated. The street is very quiet, the district is very sécure. There is a Carrefour market down the street, a bakery at the top of the street, and on Voltaire-Léon Blum place nearby, a store Atac (with products Auchan) and a Franprix), there is also a Dia store in Charonne street. The accommodation includes a double bed in a room, a single bed and a sofa double bed in another room, simple sofa in the lounge. A bed of supplement also.There is also in more a huge pillow ""Big G"" where children adore sleeping. It is always possible to ask for a bed of additional supplement just tell me before.  The entrance : in the drawer, you have sheets, towels of any sizes and gloves at your disposal. A vacuum cleaner, a broom, a mop and a bucket. A big airer to spread the linen (otherwise, you"
27757	60m2,  2 bedroom apartment, one living-room with an open plan kitchen as well as a living room/library and a bathroom.  Bedrooms are rentable separately from 70€ a night and the entire apartment from 130€ a night. Discounted rates by length of stay.   We are Aurélien and Baptiste, two 28 year old friends that have been living together for 3 years. Our apartment is located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walk away from the Marais, Place de la Bastille and Place de la République.  Rue Obekampf is known for it's night life, restaurants, bars and clubs which we would be happy to show you during your stay.  Around the apartment there are also lots of stores such as bakeries, butcher's shops, cheese shops, pharmacies, supermarkets ...etc, which is very practical and will make you're stay  pleasant.  Surrounded by two big boulevards, Voltaire and Richard Lenoir, you can also purchase fresh food on market days and go for long walks along the Canal Saint Martin.    Because Oberkampf is so cen	60m2,  2 bedroom apartment, one living-room with an open plan kitchen as well as a living room/library and a bathroom.  Bedrooms are rentable separately from 70€ a night and the entire apartment from 130€ a night. Discounted rates by length of stay.   We are Aurélien and Baptiste, two 28 year old friends that have been living together for 3 years. Our apartment is located in the heart of Paris, 10 minutes walk away from the Marais, Place de la Bastille and Place de la République.  Rue Obekampf is known for it's night life, restaurants, bars and clubs which we would be happy to show you during your stay.  Around the apartment there are also lots of stores such as bakeries, butcher's shops, cheese shops, pharmacies, supermarkets ...etc, which is very practical and will make you're stay  pleasant.  Surrounded by two big boulevards, Voltaire and Richard Lenoir, you can also purchase fresh food on market days and go for long walks along the Canal Saint Martin.    Because Oberkampf is so cen
27758	It is a magic and soothing place, because it is quiet and in the center of Paris, at the heart of the fashion district and the artists. 	Confortable one bedroom apartment in the marais. Perfect location (rue saint claude/ rue de turennes) near place des Vosges and musée Picasso. This 60m2 flat is fully equipped : internet, TV, laundry, dishwasher, king bed, vinyl player,  large bathtub, closet. Bathroom and toilets are seperated. Ask me for more informations.  It is a magic and soothing place, because it is quiet and in the center of Paris, at the heart of the fashion district and the artists. I offer the access to all my apartment, which has just been renovated with a lot of charm and comfort. It is also a unique Parisian experience. The travelers will be received very well. I or my sister, who lives just to quote(esteem), can welcome them during the arrival and exchange by email for any question. The Marais is incredible! The life, people, the artists, le marché des enfants rouges, the brocantes, the concept store Merci, the place des Vosges and the almond croissants ;) Métro : Ligne 8 Saint Sébastien Froissart Ligne 
27759	Beau Balcon !  Appartement au calme  Baignoire  	Bel appartement de 67m2 en plein centre de Paris. Beau séjour de 55m2, cuisine américaine, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain (baignoire) et 1 beau balcon sur cour.  A 5 min à pied de Bastille.  A 15 minutes à pied du Marais  Beau Balcon !  Appartement au calme  Baignoire  A 5 minutes à pied de Bastille  A 15 minutes à pied du Marais  A 20 minutes à pied des Halles  Entouré de Bars / Restaurants / Clubs  
27760	Dans une très belle cour d'immeuble typique, arborée, et calme, cet appartement d'époque début XIXe porte le cachet de l'ancien avec les moulures au plafond, la belle cheminée, le parquet de très belle qualité. Refait à neuf l'année dernière, il est néanmoins d'une très grande propreté et commodité, tout en conservant son caractère. Il donne sur une cour très calme et ensoleillée, ce qui permet de se retirer un peu de la foule parisienne, tout en étant idéalement situé au coeur du 11e arrondissement de Paris. 	Appartement en plein coeur du 11e, rue Saint-Maur, entre Belleville, République et le canal St Martin. Calme et lumineux, sur cour. Et animation dans la rue avec restos, bars, fripes... Idéal pour couple seul ou avec enfants, ballades et découvertes Dans une très belle cour d'immeuble typique, arborée, et calme, cet appartement d'époque début XIXe porte le cachet de l'ancien avec les moulures au plafond, la belle cheminée, le parquet de très belle qualité. Refait à neuf l'année dernière, il est néanmoins d'une très grande propreté et commodité, tout en conservant son caractère. Il donne sur une cour très calme et ensoleillée, ce qui permet de se retirer un peu de la foule parisienne, tout en étant idéalement situé au coeur du 11e arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement est au 3e étage sans ascenseur.  Wifi Je serai présente pour vous accueillir à votre arrivée et vous saluer à votre départ (ou si je ne peux pas, ma gardienne sera là pour procéder à l'échange des clefs). Je serai dans to
27761		Charming apartment near Père Lachaise and Menilmontant. The flat is 45 sqm (m2) large under the roof and is very comfortable. It is full of light with an exceptional view all over Paris. 
27762	Welcome to my home! This charming studio situated at the heart of Paris contains a sleeping around in mezzanine for 2 people and a sofa reads for 2 people (width 130 cms). it is situated on the first floor by a small Parisian building and is very quiet. He(it) possesses one French-style very Parisian charm with its exposed beams and its with small paneswith a small check windows. You will be seduced! Bed bending for child - of 4 years, table and iron, hairdryer, soap and shampoo, DVD player, kit of sewing supplied.	Welcome to my home! This charming studio situated at the heart of Paris contains a sleeping around in mezzanine for 2 people and a sofa reads for 2 people (width 130 cms). it is situated on the first floor by a small Parisian building and is very quiet. He(it) possesses one French-style very Parisian charm with its exposed beams and its with small paneswith a small check windows. You will be seduced! Bed bending for child - of 4 years, table and iron, hairdryer, soap and shampoo, DVD player, kit of sewing supplied. You will have access to all the studio. A folding bed which can welcome a child until 4 years is free of charge at your disposal. Jean Philippe, my friend in Paris, or I shall be very happy to welcome you in Paris. The district is very trendy, with its numerous fashionable bars, restaurants and well on the Bastille Opera. Numerous businesses are unless 2 minutes on foot. The main monuments of Paris are close (Notre-Dame, the Louvre, Champs-Elysées) and accessible on foot for
27763	The apt has been freshly renovated in order to get the most of a Haussman building's roof, or mansarde as from the name of Mansart, the architect who gave this prominent shape to Parisian roofs. You have the main living space traversing the building which gives you plenty of light, from kitchen to living room.  Over all this you access the mezzanine which turns out to be a perfect lover’s cocoon! One double bed is in the mezzanine; then there is a convertible bed in the living room.  	Enjoy the experience of looking over the roofs in Bastille area...One of the most animated area of Paris! (Rue de Lappe, rue du Faubourg St Antoine, rue de Charonne, etc). Also 10mn walk from the Seine, which means 10' from Paris plages (summer)! The apt has been freshly renovated in order to get the most of a Haussman building's roof, or mansarde as from the name of Mansart, the architect who gave this prominent shape to Parisian roofs. You have the main living space traversing the building which gives you plenty of light, from kitchen to living room.  Over all this you access the mezzanine which turns out to be a perfect lover’s cocoon! One double bed is in the mezzanine; then there is a convertible bed in the living room.  You will be at 5mn walk from the famous Opera Bastille. Build in the 1980's it is now even more popular than the Opera Garnier itself. If you want to see a piece there, you'd better book early. Bastille is known for the many places to go out. If you stick around t
27764		Magnifique duplex refait à neuf aux poutres et aux briques apparentes en plein cœur de Bastille (5min). Unique, typique, moderne il se situe dans une cour arborée calme d'une rue très animée. Tout équipé, il peut accueillir 4 personnes et est à 10min du Marais et  la Place des Vosges.
27765	 L'appartement (40m2): Il est composé d'un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places très confortable, d'une chambre avec un gran lit très confortable, d'une cuisine séparée, d'une SDB avec baignoire. Il est au calme sur cour, au 5èm étage (sans ascenseur).  Nous pouvons, sur demande, vous fournir un lit parapluie pour un enfant en bas âge.	 L'appartement (40m2): Il est composé d'un salon avec un canapé lit 2 places très confortable, d'une chambre avec un gran lit très confortable, d'une cuisine séparée, d'une SDB avec baignoire. Il est au calme sur cour, au 5èm étage (sans ascenseur).  Nous pouvons, sur demande, vous fournir un lit parapluie pour un enfant en bas âge. A deux pas du métro Belleville (lignes 2 et 11), cet appartement a l'avantage d'être situé à 10 minutes du centre de Paris en métro (Beaubourg, Hôtel de ville, Châtelet). A moins de 15 minutes également de Montmartre/ Pigalle, même ligne vous arriverez à la fameuse avenue des champs Elisée, Arche du triomphe. Belleville La rue:  La rue Denoyez est réputée pour ses graffitis et son ambiance bohème. Vous y trouverez des bars à terrasse, des restaurants de quartier, des ateliers d'artistes. Ligne de métro Belleville (lignes 2 et 11)
27766	This is a typical parisian apartment: wooden floor, high ceilings, large windows, mirrors and decorative fireplaces in every room. But it has a lot of small details that make it very unique: in the kitchen, with its wall painted bright yellow, its vintage furniture, its basil, mint and lavenda growing by the window, you feel like you're in a provençal country cottage. The bookshelves, crammed with books, make the place cosy and welcoming.  Cosy and quiet, it's the perfect place to stay for a couple. 	Nice and typically parisian 2 rooms apartment, it can host 2 or 3 persons. Located in the very lively and hip neighborhood of Oberkampf, in the center of Paris.  This is a typical parisian apartment: wooden floor, high ceilings, large windows, mirrors and decorative fireplaces in every room. But it has a lot of small details that make it very unique: in the kitchen, with its wall painted bright yellow, its vintage furniture, its basil, mint and lavenda growing by the window, you feel like you're in a provençal country cottage. The bookshelves, crammed with books, make the place cosy and welcoming.  Cosy and quiet, it's the perfect place to stay for a couple.  The apartment has a large bedroom, a lovely living-room with a sofa and desk, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The bedroom is furnished with double bed. In the living room, the sofa unfolds in an extra bed. The kitchen has a fridge and freezer, a gas oven, a microwave, a gas stove, and a washing machine. The bathroom has a
27767	PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE DESCRIPTION. Cozy 35m2 one bedroom apartment available in the centre of Paris. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons. Double bed in the bedroom and sofa bed in the living room.  DVD player in the bedroom. Nice bathroom with bathtub and washing machine and hairdryer.  Kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, coffee machine. Next to Père Lachaise cemetery and at walkable distance from Bastille it is close to everything either by metro, bus, walk or bike (no car needed in Paris). Shops, amazing bakeries - including the one on the photo, which I strongly I recommend-, and cafés are available downstairs from the building. The neighborhood is very lively and the apartment is quiet. Estimated travel times by metro: - Belleville: 6 min - Galeries Lafayette: 15 min - Montmartre: 20 min - Centre Pompidou: 20 min - Gare du Nord (brings you from and to CDG): 25 min - Le Louvre: 25 min --------P L E A S E   R E A D :------------ A few things to consider before booking: - This is my apa	PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE DESCRIPTION. Cozy 35m2 one bedroom apartment available in the centre of Paris. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons. Double bed in the bedroom and sofa bed in the living room.  DVD player in the bedroom. Nice bathroom with bathtub and washing machine and hairdryer.  Kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, coffee machine. Next to Père Lachaise cemetery and at walkable distance from Bastille it is close to everything either by metro, bus, walk or bike (no car needed in Paris). Shops, amazing bakeries - including the one on the photo, which I strongly I recommend-, and cafés are available downstairs from the building. The neighborhood is very lively and the apartment is quiet. Estimated travel times by metro: - Belleville: 6 min - Galeries Lafayette: 15 min - Montmartre: 20 min - Centre Pompidou: 20 min - Gare du Nord (brings you from and to CDG): 25 min - Le Louvre: 25 min --------P L E A S E   R E A D :------------ A few things to consider before booking: - This is my apa
27768	L'appartement est plein de charme clair et très contemporain. Il est en plein coeur d'un quartier dynamique avec d'excellents restaurants mais il est très calme car donnant sur un jardin. Très bon piano et plein de partitions.Decoration soignée pas compatible pour de petits enfants.1' du métro Charonne. 	L'appartement de 90m2 dans un immeuble contemporain comprend deux chambres équipées de grands lits dont l'un est convertible très confortable,un grand salon, une salle de bain et une salle d'eau, 2 WC ainsi qu'une terrasse arborée de 16m2. En plein coeur de Paris, près de nombreux commerces. L'appartement est plein de charme clair et très contemporain. Il est en plein coeur d'un quartier dynamique avec d'excellents restaurants mais il est très calme car donnant sur un jardin. Très bon piano et plein de partitions.Decoration soignée pas compatible pour de petits enfants.1' du métro Charonne. Tout l'appartement, la terrasse, vidéo, internet, Netflix,canal + Accueil sympathique garanti ! Aide aux voyageurs, bons plans. Ses restaurants, sa diversité, sa vie nocturne, le marché d'Aligre à 5min à pied, les artisans, les boutiques de créateurs. La rue du faubourg St Antoine à 3' avec tout le shopping de Paris Très bien desservi. Métro Charonne, Bus. Le grand luxe de pouvoir déjeuner sur la te
27769	32m2 dans Paris!! Très lumineux (3 grandes fenêtres). Toutes commodités sur place! Cuisine avec micro ondes et four, Réfrigérateur, cuit-vapeur et autocuiseur a riz. Machine à laver sur place avec étendard a linge.	En pleins centre de la vie Parisienne! 10 minutes a pieds de la place de la république et du canal Saint Martin, 15 des buttes chaumonts! En métro moins de 10 minutes de chatelet et du marais, de l'Hotel de Ville et de Notre Dame de Paris!! ^^ 32m2 dans Paris!! Très lumineux (3 grandes fenêtres). Toutes commodités sur place! Cuisine avec micro ondes et four, Réfrigérateur, cuit-vapeur et autocuiseur a riz. Machine à laver sur place avec étendard a linge. Métro ligne 3 5 8 9 et 11 (République) 11 (goncourt) 11 et 2 (belleville) Bus 46 56 96 Multiples stations Autolib' et Vélib Je laisserais sur place plan du quartier et endroit sympas a aller visité (restaurant, bar, pub, cinéma et théâtre, musée, ect...) Un accueil vous seras fait lors de l'arrivée. Je serais sur Paris donc si disponible je pourais jouer la guide! ^^ And i speak in english if you whant ;) Vivant et populaire Toute commodité (5 supermarché -Monoprix-Franprix-SimplyMarquet-Marché du Faubourg-ParisStore- , plusieurs épice
27770	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique:  C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais .  Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée.  Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y a une grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la 
27771	Studio where  i'm usually living when i'm not working.	Studio  where i'm usually living. I'm travelling with my work so i'm putting my flat on rent. Private closed parking, 2beds, balcony, bath. I Studio where  i'm usually living when i'm not working. People can eat food that i will leave on fridge and cupboard. I'm travelling for my work, i'll be able to meet travelers, but if i can't a friend will :) Close to the famous cemetery Père Lachaise which is a quiet place. But close from here by walking there are lively places of Voltaire/Bastille and Menilmontant, full of bars and restaurants. Metro is at 30meters, there is a private parking place on the basement. This place is close to everything by metro
27772		Peaceful, elegant, and bright 60m2 apartment perfectly located in Paris' most lively, lovely, and trendy area mixing the old with the new, hip with tradition, and fashion with food. _Peaceful bedroom with large comfy bed _Cosy living room with design furniture _Fully equipped kitchen _Modern clean bathroom _Separate toilet room _High-speed fiber-optic WiFi _HD TV with option to switch programs to original language _Wireless speaker (connect your phone or laptop with bluetooth) More than happy to provide tips about all the cool spots in the neighborhood for drinks, food, shopping and sightseeing Metro Line 8 Filles du Calvaire (1min walk) Metro Line 8 Saint-Sébastien Froissart (1min) Metro Line 5 Oberkampf (3min)
27773	The apartment is a 33 sqm studio located in a friendly neighbourhood, close to nice restaurants, bars, café, bakeries, stores, 5 min away from the  famous Père-Lachaise cemetery and 5 min away from Père-Lachaise stop (Line 2 and 3). The apartment is well served by public transportation, so it is closed to must see places : 10 min from Bastille, around 15 min away from Louvre, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Le Marais, Montmartre, Pompidou, 25 min from the Eiffel Tower.  The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere, and a nice balcony.  Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort. There is one comfortable bed, the place is ideal for a couple or one person. There is a real kitchen that you can use with fridge, oven, microwave, electric plates, kettle. There is a washing machine too. Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions!  Looking forward to hearing from you.	Hello I am renting my entire flat located at the heart of the 11th district of Paris. The apartment is a 33 sqm studio located in a friendly neighbourhood, close to nice restaurants, bars, café, bakeries, stores, 5 min away from the  famous Père-Lachaise cemetery and 5 min away from Père-Lachaise stop (Line 2 and 3). The apartment is well served by public transportation, so it is closed to must see places : 10 min from Bastille, around 15 min away from Louvre, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Le Marais, Montmartre, Pompidou, 25 min from the Eiffel Tower.  The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere, and a nice balcony.  Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort. There is one comfortable bed, the place is ideal for a couple or one person. There is a real kitchen that you can use with fridge, oven, microwave, electric plates, kettle. There is a washing machine too. Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions!  Lo
27774	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et fours à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue
27775	This Studio of 24 m² has the advantage of being very well optimized in terms of space, allowing a life together easy and enjoyable. Located in a quiet courtyard, the noise of the street is inaudible. The flat is on the 4th and last floor, which makes it very bright studio ! Only negative point : there is no elevator... But I promise to help you up your bags !	A pleasant and functional studio, it can welcome two people, and has the advantage of being very quiet. An ideal location: a few steps from the Bastille, it allows you to reach all the symbolic places of Paris in 20 minutes. This Studio of 24 m² has the advantage of being very well optimized in terms of space, allowing a life together easy and enjoyable. Located in a quiet courtyard, the noise of the street is inaudible. The flat is on the 4th and last floor, which makes it very bright studio ! Only negative point : there is no elevator... But I promise to help you up your bags ! This studio, both pleasant and functional, will allow you to live in complete autonomy. The bathroom is an integral part of the apartment. Toaster, kettle, fridge and hob are available, and a washing machine. I will be present on the day of arrival to explain to you the details to know about the apartment. And I would be honored to advise you different activities in the neighborhood. Staying in the suburbs of 
27776	Je suis ravie de vous accueillir dans mon appartement du 11ème, très central, proche de la la Bastille et du Père Lachaise, vous êtes au métro Charonne ou Alexandre Dumas en 5 minutes à pied.  L’appartement est en bon état, j'y vis depuis 15 ans et n'ait eu à refaire que des travaux de peinture et de décoration. Vous disposerez d'un vrai 2 pièces de 36m2. Situé au 4ème étage dans un immeuble de charme. Sans ascenseur, l'accès à l'appartement se fait par un escalier extérieur en bois (rare à Paris) et des patios fleuris. Les fenêtres sont en double vitrage. L'appartement est clair et pratique d’utilisation. Un vrai lit et un matelas neuf et de qualité vous assureront des nuits reposantes, la chambre donnant sur la cour. La cuisine est séparée, la vaisselle est fournie, ainsi que couette, draps, oreillers et serviettes de bain. Il y a un sèche-cheveux et une machine à (website hidden), Internet en wi-fi gratuit sont également à disposition. (2 changements depuis la publication des photos	Joli 2 pièces, quartier de Charonne à Paris dans le 11ème arrondissement. Baies vitrées, parquet, chambre (website hidden), free wifi, Machine à laver. Cuisine équipée. Grande salle de bain avec douche. Accès par un escalier extérieur de charme! 4è étage Je suis ravie de vous accueillir dans mon appartement du 11ème, très central, proche de la la Bastille et du Père Lachaise, vous êtes au métro Charonne ou Alexandre Dumas en 5 minutes à pied.  L’appartement est en bon état, j'y vis depuis 15 ans et n'ait eu à refaire que des travaux de peinture et de décoration. Vous disposerez d'un vrai 2 pièces de 36m2. Situé au 4ème étage dans un immeuble de charme. Sans ascenseur, l'accès à l'appartement se fait par un escalier extérieur en bois (rare à Paris) et des patios fleuris. Les fenêtres sont en double vitrage. L'appartement est clair et pratique d’utilisation. Un vrai lit et un matelas neuf et de qualité vous assureront des nuits reposantes, la chambre donnant sur la cour. La cuisine est s
27777	Grand studio de 30m2 avec balcon, lumineux et très bien entretenu, dans une résidence calme.  Idéalement situé rue de la Roquette entre la place de la Bastille et la place Voltaire. Calme et lumineux (grande baie vitrée dans la pièce principale) l’appartement permet de bénéficier des attraits du quartier et de son animation sans être dérangé.  L’appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenceur et donne sur une cour, il vous offre ainsi un maximum de lumière et des nuits tranquilles et au calme. L’immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Cuisine ouverte aménagée : plaques chauffantes, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, micro-ondes, cafetière nespresso, grille-pain, etc.  Salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec baignoire. Pièce principale : vrai lit très confortable (gros matelas ! - draps et linge de lit fournis également), bar, fauteuil, Wifi, télévision, Chaîne Hifi, station Iphone. Bon séjour ! ☺	Un grand studio de 30 m2, avec balcon, dans le XIème arrondissement de Paris. Il vous permettra de séjourner au calme dans un quartier très animé. Grand studio de 30m2 avec balcon, lumineux et très bien entretenu, dans une résidence calme.  Idéalement situé rue de la Roquette entre la place de la Bastille et la place Voltaire. Calme et lumineux (grande baie vitrée dans la pièce principale) l’appartement permet de bénéficier des attraits du quartier et de son animation sans être dérangé.  L’appartement est au 5ème étage avec ascenceur et donne sur une cour, il vous offre ainsi un maximum de lumière et des nuits tranquilles et au calme. L’immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Cuisine ouverte aménagée : plaques chauffantes, four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, micro-ondes, cafetière nespresso, grille-pain, etc.  Salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec baignoire. Pièce principale : vrai lit très confortable (gros matelas ! - draps et linge de lit fournis également), bar, fauteuil, Wifi, télévisi
27778	Nice 2 room apartment (a nice living room, a double room) courtyard and street in a beautiful building , bright,  fully equipped, clean, quiet. Ideal for a couple, a single person or a couple with a child At the fourth floor (no elevator). White walls and wooden floors. Floor tiles in kitchen and new bathroom shower. Kitchen with 2 hotplates, fridge, oven, storage, microwave oven and washing machine. Small bathroom with toilet, shower, sink, mirror and storage. Double bed in the adult bedroom, sofa bed in the living room, bed linen and towels provided, wifi internet, television.	Beautiful apartment in the XI arrondisement :  two rooms: a cozy living room with open kitchen, large bedroom with dressing. Bright and quiet with a view over the rooftops of Paris. Ideal for a couple, a single person or a couple with a child. Nice 2 room apartment (a nice living room, a double room) courtyard and street in a beautiful building , bright,  fully equipped, clean, quiet. Ideal for a couple, a single person or a couple with a child At the fourth floor (no elevator). White walls and wooden floors. Floor tiles in kitchen and new bathroom shower. Kitchen with 2 hotplates, fridge, oven, storage, microwave oven and washing machine. Small bathroom with toilet, shower, sink, mirror and storage. Double bed in the adult bedroom, sofa bed in the living room, bed linen and towels provided, wifi internet, television. Bastille only five minutes away , Marche d'ailgre, Pere Lachaisse. Waking distance to place de Vosgues. Best restaurants and bars around the building. English , Spanish, 
27779	- Top Paris location – Père Lachaise - Bastille - 38m2  - 2 rooms apartment fully equipped,  - Charming, typical Parisian flat with wooden floor located on 2nd floor of an old building.  - 1 separated bedroom, 1 bathroom with shower & washing machine & Toilet  - Living room with sofa , flat TV screen  - Fresh bed & towels, hairdryer - - WIFI connection available in the apartment  - Central heating  - Concierge for the building  - Door code 	Spacious, bright & quiet apartment, safe & exceptionally located near Le Père Lachaise and the Bastille district, walking distance from République, and a few minutes walk from : Opéra Bastille,Aligre,  Marais. 2 rooms apartment fully equipped. - Top Paris location – Père Lachaise - Bastille - 38m2  - 2 rooms apartment fully equipped,  - Charming, typical Parisian flat with wooden floor located on 2nd floor of an old building.  - 1 separated bedroom, 1 bathroom with shower & washing machine & Toilet  - Living room with sofa , flat TV screen  - Fresh bed & towels, hairdryer - - WIFI connection available in the apartment  - Central heating  - Concierge for the building  - Door code The apartment is extremely well located in the Bastille area, Oberkampf and Nation, which are attractive, lively neighbourhoods, with great nightlife. You will find many shops next door and a delightful mix of fine and trendy dining venues. All amenities just around the corner: supermarket, grocery stores, bake
27780	"    Located on 10 th and top floor (with lift) the studio afford you to enjoy any moments of ligth from sunny days to nightlights of downtown Paris. An exceptionnal terrace facing south without opposite (buildings around are 6 floors high) will give you a truly unique view over the city's roof (if you look around you might see the Eiffel Tower), and be sure just a simple morning coffee would so transform into a unique moment before haging out in the city.    Three minutes walk from nation, and so very accessible via five Metro lines and innercity trains ""RER ""(""chatelet"" 15 minutes / ""Etoile""20 minutes  / ""Opera"" ""Galeries Lafayette"" or ""Louvre""  20 minutes) the flat is also 20 minutes from Disneyland and near the ""Bois de Vincennes"" the largest ""in town"" parc of Paris with 2 lakes, large avenues, a casttle, many events in the summer (music festivals etc...) affording the possibility of some innercity nature breathing.       Studio including every comfort  and equipment :  Central heat"	"Our cool, designed and comfortable rooftop studio south-orientated has a true ""over the city"" feeling! It comfortably fits two and is one block from Nation to access to any site in Paris within 20'. Enjoy the Sun,  a real bath and a modern kitchen      Located on 10 th and top floor (with lift) the studio afford you to enjoy any moments of ligth from sunny days to nightlights of downtown Paris. An exceptionnal terrace facing south without opposite (buildings around are 6 floors high) will give you a truly unique view over the city's roof (if you look around you might see the Eiffel Tower), and be sure just a simple morning coffee would so transform into a unique moment before haging out in the city.    Three minutes walk from nation, and so very accessible via five Metro lines and innercity trains ""RER ""(""chatelet"" 15 minutes / ""Etoile""20 minutes  / ""Opera"" ""Galeries Lafayette"" or ""Louvre""  20 minutes) the flat is also 20 minutes from Disneyland and near the ""Bois de Vincennes"" the lar"
27781	Cosy flat with big, bright living/bed room with a comfortable double bed. Seperate kitchen fully equipped (boiling plates, oven, fridge, micro wave, coffee maker, plates, glasses, cups, spoons, forks, knifes, pan, pots etc.), bathroom with bath tub, sink, WC and washing machine. Towels and linen furnished.	"I rent my cosy and quiet fully equipped studio (26m²) for 2 people. My flat is perfectly situated for visiting Paris: just a 5 min. walk from the canal Saint Martin, République and Belleville. Only 10 min. by metro to the city center (Marais). Cosy flat with big, bright living/bed room with a comfortable double bed. Seperate kitchen fully equipped (boiling plates, oven, fridge, micro wave, coffee maker, plates, glasses, cups, spoons, forks, knifes, pan, pots etc.), bathroom with bath tub, sink, WC and washing machine. Towels and linen furnished. Access to the entire flat - perfect for a comfortable stay in Paris. The 11ème arrondissement is a nice and animated area with a lot of restaurants (French, African, Italian, Chinese, Japanese kitchen etc.), bars and concert halls. I love having a picnic on the canal Saint Martin or having a walk in the Belleville quarter to the old cemetery ""Père Lachaise"". In the evening you can drink a wine or beer in on one of the numerous bars in Rue Oberk"
27782	Le quartier est accessible très facilement : par train, bus et métro, qui desservent tout Paris. En retrait de la rue, donnant sur une cour, au 4e étage, l'appartement est équipé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un bureau, d'une salle de bains, de toilettes, ainsi que d'un bureau et d'une chambre. Couchage : dans la chambre, un lit deux places - dans le salon, le canapé est convertible deux places. En plus : deux TV (câble, Netflix, Canal Play), Wi-Fi - si besoin, je me ferais un plaisir de vous aider à organiser au mieux votre visite de Paris !	Situé au cœur du Paris historique, ce spacieux appartement fera le bonheur des voyageurs à la recherche du caractère typique de ce quartier animé. Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble de nombreux cafés, restaurants, bars et théâtres, et commerces. Le quartier est accessible très facilement : par train, bus et métro, qui desservent tout Paris. En retrait de la rue, donnant sur une cour, au 4e étage, l'appartement est équipé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un bureau, d'une salle de bains, de toilettes, ainsi que d'un bureau et d'une chambre. Couchage : dans la chambre, un lit deux places - dans le salon, le canapé est convertible deux places. En plus : deux TV (câble, Netflix, Canal Play), Wi-Fi - si besoin, je me ferais un plaisir de vous aider à organiser au mieux votre visite de Paris ! Presque tout. sa luminosité et son chaleur.  Le quartier est accessible très facilement : train, bus et métro qui desservent tout Paris.
27783	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités  plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et four à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je suis souvent en déplacement , mon amie et voisine Sabrina sera là pour vous accueillir et disponible quand vous avez besoin d'elle. Aucun check in & out le samedi ;) Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue
27784	Très bien situé entre bastille et République! Ce studio est au calme sur cours, lumineux, bien équipé et très propre! Beaucoup de commerces de proximité se trouvent aux alentours et l'emplacement est parfait pour sortir et faire les trajets à pied!	Studio dans le 11e arrondissement, au 5e étage, sous les toits coté cour! Idéalement placé à coté de Bastille République et Oberkampf, à proximité des commerces et bars, mais aussi et surtout du Marais ! Très bien situé entre bastille et République! Ce studio est au calme sur cours, lumineux, bien équipé et très propre! Beaucoup de commerces de proximité se trouvent aux alentours et l'emplacement est parfait pour sortir et faire les trajets à pied! Si le temps m'en permet et à la demande du ou des voyageurs, je peux passer un moment avec eux. Ce studio est placé a proximité des commerces, des bars et restaurants d'Oberkampf République et Bastille! Son avantage principal est aussi le calme dont il bénéficie! Métro Saint-Ambroise, Richard-Lenoir Vous aurez des jus de fruits et smoothies à volonté dans le frigo ! ;)
27785	Well located & very easy to find (Metro République/Goncourt) Very quiet and luminous, we have 1 bedroom (Bed : 140x190 cm), and an american kitchen on our lounge (1 sofa bed for 2 pers). Bathroom linen & clean sheet are supplied. Washing machine available	Peaceful and luminous 45m² appartment close to Canal St Martin_Paris X (Metro République/Goncourt) 2 rooms / 1 bedrom (Bed 2 pers) + sofa (bed 2 pers) Quiet place on a flowered courtyard. A charming cocoon, perfect for few days. Well located & very easy to find (Metro République/Goncourt) Very quiet and luminous, we have 1 bedroom (Bed : 140x190 cm), and an american kitchen on our lounge (1 sofa bed for 2 pers). Bathroom linen & clean sheet are supplied. Washing machine available Free & illimited Wifi access TV with Satelite (Canal+) DVD & Blu Ray player No smocking place No pets We give key by hand. Plan and guide books are available. We can give advices on good address in our area  Easy to come (Republique: 5 metro lines) Canal Saint Martin is a perfect place to chill out in Paris. Lot of shops (supermarket, fashion shops, design shops, ...) in the neighborhood. Sure you will love the area ! 5 metro lines in Republique (1 min walking) 10 min (metro) from Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord 
27786		Appartement de 30 m², 2pièces, une chambre avec un lit double et un salon avec un clic clac pour deux personnes. Le quartier est très vivant et formidable. Le métro Alexandre Dumas est juste en face de la porte d'entrée.
27787	Mon appartement est situé en plein coeur du 11 ème arrondissement de Paris dans un quartier très sympathique. Proche de tous les magasins, restaurants et bars.  Vous trouverez dans l'appartement tout ce dont vous avez besoin machine à laver, télé, internet... Typiquement parisien mon appart est très agréable vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Une grande pièce principale ouverte sur la cuisine (intégralement équipée) donne sur un salon avec un grand canapé lit. Idéal pour un couple l'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à trois personnes. Les nombreuses plantes donnent du caractère à l'appartement on se croirait dans un jardin intérieur. La chambre est simple, les draps et couverture sont fournis et une armoire est à votre disposition pour ranger vos vêtements. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et d'une machine à laver le linge. Des serviettes de toilettes sont mises à votre disposition.  L'appartement est très calme vous pourrez en profiter pour vous reposer ou lire un bon livr	Mon appartement est situé en plein coeur du 11 ème arrondissement de Paris dans un quartier très sympathique. Proche de tous les magasins, restaurants et bars.  Vous trouverez dans l'appartement tout ce dont vous avez besoin machine à laver, télé, internet... Typiquement parisien mon appart est très agréable vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Une grande pièce principale ouverte sur la cuisine (intégralement équipée) donne sur un salon avec un grand canapé lit. Idéal pour un couple l'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à trois personnes. Les nombreuses plantes donnent du caractère à l'appartement on se croirait dans un jardin intérieur. La chambre est simple, les draps et couverture sont fournis et une armoire est à votre disposition pour ranger vos vêtements. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche et d'une machine à laver le linge. Des serviettes de toilettes sont mises à votre disposition.  L'appartement est très calme vous pourrez en profiter pour vous reposer ou lire un bon livr
27788	Idéal pour les familles avec enfants ou les amoureux qui veulent profiter d'un logement tout équipé, bien situé, avec une vue magnifique sur Paris.	Très bien situé, quartier Oberkampf, au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien. Très belle vue à 90°, dont vue sur Montmartre. Balcon filant ensoleillé. Double salon très spacieux avec parquet. Cuisine tout équipée. Chambre pour enfants. Idéal pour les familles avec enfants ou les amoureux qui veulent profiter d'un logement tout équipé, bien situé, avec une vue magnifique sur Paris. Oberkampf est un quartier célèbre pour ses restaurants, bars et salles de concerts. De nombreuses choses à faire tous les soirs. La place de la République est très proche, avec ses grands magasins. Métro Oberkampf à 100 mètres qui déssert les lignes 5 et 9 et permet d'aller partout dans Paris. Plusieurs lignes de bus en bas.
27789	Perfect for 1,2,3 or 4 persons.  The condo is glossy white, brown and woody	Cosy and modern flat.  Perfectly located, just at the exit of the subway.  This Bright apartment will make of your parisian stay a pleasure !  Lots of equipment in the condo as well as shops and bars nearby :)  Be welcome to ask for more infos Perfect for 1,2,3 or 4 persons.  The condo is glossy white, brown and woody equipped kitchen, TV, bathroom... Text or Email me the 11th district is well known for the bars !! Subway just at the exit of the building ! x
27790	Un grand espace d'un seul tenant comprenant une cuisine ouverte, une salle de douche, des toilettes séparées ; un lit double de grand confort + 1 lit simple. Décoration précieuse avec bureau 19ème siècle, piano 1/4 de queue, buffet chinois authentique 19ème siècle. Ensemble très original et cosy.	My name is Thierry. I'm french, I speak English -;) I am sometimes abroad for my job, and I offer for rent my sweet lovely homeplace in Nation area -15' door to door from the Châtelet center of Paris by tube- 37 square meter studio ! Un grand espace d'un seul tenant comprenant une cuisine ouverte, une salle de douche, des toilettes séparées ; un lit double de grand confort + 1 lit simple. Décoration précieuse avec bureau 19ème siècle, piano 1/4 de queue, buffet chinois authentique 19ème siècle. Ensemble très original et cosy. Par le métro, arrêt Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9) RER A Bus  n°351 vers Roissy Charles de Gaulle. 
27791	Récemment refait à neuf, il est équipé de tout le confort nécessaire: sèche-cheveux, machine à laver, micro-onde, plaque de cuisson, nécessaire de cuisine, vaisselle, draps et serviettes	Fully equiped appartement, wifi included. One cosy bedroom in a quiet place near Bastille and Le Père Lachaise. Ideal for couple       
27792	Situé à Goncourt, juste à la sortie du métro, l'appartement est dans un quartier vivant de Paris, proche de tout.  Je vis en colocation L'appartement dispose d'un salon et de 2 chambre séparées. Je vous propose ma chambre, vous aurez accès au salon et tous les autres équipements en plus des conseils de mon colocataire.  Je vous propose une chambre cosy avec un lit double.  L'appartement est très lumineux, il dispose de grandes fenêtres.  Douillet et cosy, l'appartement (50m2) est situé au troisième étage d en plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement de Paris Vous apprécierez la proximité de différents commerces d'alimentation, et de nombreux moyens de transports stations Vélib au pied de l'immeuble.	Idéalement placé à la sortie du métro, l'appartement est typiquement parisien. Le quartier a tout ce qu'il faut est plus encore. Situé à Goncourt, juste à la sortie du métro, l'appartement est dans un quartier vivant de Paris, proche de tout.  Je vis en colocation L'appartement dispose d'un salon et de 2 chambre séparées. Je vous propose ma chambre, vous aurez accès au salon et tous les autres équipements en plus des conseils de mon colocataire.  Je vous propose une chambre cosy avec un lit double.  L'appartement est très lumineux, il dispose de grandes fenêtres.  Douillet et cosy, l'appartement (50m2) est situé au troisième étage d en plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement de Paris Vous apprécierez la proximité de différents commerces d'alimentation, et de nombreux moyens de transports stations Vélib au pied de l'immeuble. La chambres, le salon, la cuisine et la salle de bain. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut et plus encore Métro : Goncourt, République, Belleville Le prix est moins élevé que le
27793		My 43m2 Parisian apartment is ideal for a real Parisian immersion. Ideally located in the trendy 11th arrondissement, it's only 5 min walk from the place des Vosges and Le Marais. All facilities around. After a busy day, you'll enjoy the flat with all the furnitures and my Vinyl collection ! In the heart of the 11th arrondissement and Le Marais ! All transportation around.
27794	Lots of light, no clutter. One bedroom apartment on the sixth floor (no elevator) under the roof of a building built in 1890. View of Parisian rooftops. Very lively and cosmopolitan neighborhood. Lots of gourmet shops, cool bistros and loads of amazing French restaurants (Bistro Paul Bert, Le Chardenoux, Le Vieux Chêne, L'Ébauchoir) between Bastille and Père Lachaise Cemetary, and a great bakery right across the street (La Patisserie by Cyril Lignac.) If you want the best (award-winning) morning pastries in the neighborhood I have another address for you. There is a great farmers' market—Marché d'Aligre—a few blocks away, the only Parisian farmers' market opened 6 days/week, with two organic produce food vendors. The Marché d'Aligre is comprised of a mini flea market and a covered market full of food vendors (poultry shops, butcher shops, cheesemongers, fishmongers, Italian deli... ) For those who like fashion there is a trendy area a few minutes away by foot. Warm in the winter with o	Lots of light, no clutter. One bedroom apartment on the sixth floor (no elevator) under the roof of a building built in 1890. View of Parisian rooftops. Very lively and cosmopolitan neighborhood. Lots of gourmet shops, cool bistros and loads of amazing French restaurants (Bistro Paul Bert, Le Chardenoux, Le Vieux Chêne, L'Ébauchoir) between Bastille and Père Lachaise Cemetary, and a great bakery right across the street (La Patisserie by Cyril Lignac.) If you want the best (award-winning) morning pastries in the neighborhood I have another address for you. There is a great farmers' market—Marché d'Aligre—a few blocks away, the only Parisian farmers' market opened 6 days/week, with two organic produce food vendors. The Marché d'Aligre is comprised of a mini flea market and a covered market full of food vendors (poultry shops, butcher shops, cheesemongers, fishmongers, Italian deli... ) For those who like fashion there is a trendy area a few minutes away by foot. Warm in the winter with o
27795	The apartment is located in the East part of Paris in the heart of the 11th district between Place de la Bastille and Place de la Nation in a small street very famous for its delicious restaurants : Paul Bert street. In a really quiet impasse, the apartment on the 5th floor without vis-à-vis, enjoys the sun all day. THE APARTMENT: 68 m² / 5 people comfy - 2 bedrooms : one with 1 double bed (160x200), one with 1 single bed (90x200), 1 sofa in the living room convert in a double bed (140x190) brand new, made in Italy very comfortable. - Clean sheets and towels provided. - Fully equipped kitchen with electric oven, gas hob, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster ... - Heating: very good insulation, ACOVA radiators in all rooms. - Double glazed windows in all rooms. - Bathroom: bathtub with shower extension, washing machine, toilet. - Modern comfort: internet access, Wi-fi,109 cm plasma screen HD, DVD player, 250 DVD's available, free landline France and the United States.	The apartment is located in the East part of Paris in the heart of the 11th district between Place de la Bastille and Place de la Nation in a small street very famous for its delicious restaurants : Paul Bert street. In a really quiet impasse, the apartment on the 5th floor without vis-à-vis, enjoys the sun all day. THE APARTMENT: 68 m² / 5 people comfy - 2 bedrooms : one with 1 double bed (160x200), one with 1 single bed (90x200), 1 sofa in the living room convert in a double bed (140x190) brand new, made in Italy very comfortable. - Clean sheets and towels provided. - Fully equipped kitchen with electric oven, gas hob, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster ... - Heating: very good insulation, ACOVA radiators in all rooms. - Double glazed windows in all rooms. - Bathroom: bathtub with shower extension, washing machine, toilet. - Modern comfort: internet access, Wi-fi,109 cm plasma screen HD, DVD player, 250 DVD's available, free landline France and the United States.
27796	L'appartement  au premier étage avec ascenseur est un deux pièces avec une chambre avec un grand lit de 140cm et dans le salon  il y a un canapé lit confortable pour 2 personnes.	Ce deux pièces peut accueillir 4 personnes, il est dans un quartier animé proche de la gare de Lyon et du fameux marché d' Alligre, mais aussi de Bastille. Il est aisé de se rendre au bois de Vincennes en bus. L'appartement  au premier étage avec ascenseur est un deux pièces avec une chambre avec un grand lit de 140cm et dans le salon  il y a un canapé lit confortable pour 2 personnes. La cuisine  possède un four à micro onde, une plaque électrique, un lave vaisselle et une machine Nespresso. Je peux donner aux voyageurs des bonnes adresses, de bars, restaurants, lieux de visite,etc Le quartier est très sympathique avec un marché célèbre animé tous les jours sauf le lundi avec des commerces de toutes sortes et de qualité et des bars à vins. à 10 mn de Gare de Lyon et 10mn de Bastille le métro le plus proche est Ledru Rollin sur la ligne 8 ou Gare de Lyon sur la ligne 1, 14, et les RER, station vélib à proximité Bus  Air France de l' aéroport Roissy jusqu'à Gare de Lyon bus 86 direct po
27797		Bel appartement dans le quartier animé d'Oberkampf. Proche de République (nombreux métros et bus) et du quartier touristique du quartier du Marais. A 1 min de la Rue Oberkampf avec tous les commerces et de nombreux bars et restaurants. 
27798	Located on the 3rd floor with elevator. Apartment with balcony and outdoor table for 4 people, overlooking a quiet courtyard. 16m² room with double bed, overlooking quiet street. The apartment has a large living room ( 22m²) with sofa bed for 2 people, television and internet access (WiFi). Guests have access to a kitchen (stove, oven / microwave , refrigerator , washing machine etc.), toilet and a bathroom with bathtub. Bed linen and towels are included.	75011 - Metro stations Alexandre Dumas (2) or Rue des Boulets (9) 2 rooms: living room with sofa bed for 2, bedroom with double bed. Bathroom (with bath) . Balcony on a sunny courtyard. Elevator. A short walk distance from Bastille and Pere Lachaise. Located on the 3rd floor with elevator. Apartment with balcony and outdoor table for 4 people, overlooking a quiet courtyard. 16m² room with double bed, overlooking quiet street. The apartment has a large living room ( 22m²) with sofa bed for 2 people, television and internet access (WiFi). Guests have access to a kitchen (stove, oven / microwave , refrigerator , washing machine etc.), toilet and a bathroom with bathtub. Bed linen and towels are included. The times of arrival and departure are flexible. Do not hesitate to ask for help, I could recommend good places, tips and best outputs to do at the best prices in the capital ! Apartment in the heart of the 11th arrondissement, in the district of Charonne / Pere Lachaise / Bastille . By w
27799	"The flat is quiet and bright. It's a nice place for chilling out after walking around Paris.  Just for information, the house has a very parisian distribution, which means that the toilet is separate from the washroom. Also the washroom is next to the kitchen and it's quite small. Some people might find it too ""intimate"" to have a shower while someone is cooking, even if there is a total separation between both rooms. I understand it perfectly and we can arrange timetables so that you can feel free to have a shower whenever you want. Very big people might find it difficult to get in the shower, because the door is narrow."	"I'm renting a room in a nice Parisian apartment, near Voltaire Square and Père-Lachaise cemetery. The flat is quiet and bright. It's a nice place for chilling out after walking around Paris.  Just for information, the house has a very parisian distribution, which means that the toilet is separate from the washroom. Also the washroom is next to the kitchen and it's quite small. Some people might find it too ""intimate"" to have a shower while someone is cooking, even if there is a total separation between both rooms. I understand it perfectly and we can arrange timetables so that you can feel free to have a shower whenever you want. Very big people might find it difficult to get in the shower, because the door is narrow. You can use your room, bathroom, toilets and fridge. I live in the 4th floor and there is not elevator. The timetables for check-in and check-out are flexible, but please let me know what time you think you'll arrive and leave once you've done your booking. It'll help me "
27800		Staying in this newly renovated studio will allow you to discover Paris very easily. The apartment is very well located as it is in a great neighborhood. It is also very quiet. You have grocery shops in the street, nice restaurants, subways, buses 
27801	Très agréable logement de 80m²  Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Il y a 2 chambres un grand salon salle à manger.  Magnifique parquet, belle décoration, un espace chaleureux pour votre séjour. Entrée, couloir, salle de bain avec baignoire. Petite cuisine en longueur parfaitement équipée, qui donne sur la salle à manger. Canapé lit de très bonne facture. Le quartier est très agréable avec de nombreux commerçants et restaurants. A noter la boulangerie de Cyril Lignac est en face de l'appartement ! Les transports sont nombreux, en complément des bus métro Faidherbe Chaligny (ligne 8), Rue des Boulets et enfin Charonne (ligne 9). Je serais là pour le check in. N'hésitez pas à me faire part de vos interrogations.  Le quartier est très agréable avec de nombreux commerçants et restaurants. A noter la boulangerie de Cyril Lignac est en face de l'appartement ! Local vélo possible. Parking possible disponibilité et devis sur demande.  	Grand 80m² apartment suitable for 6 people: 2 double bedrooms + double sofa bed. Quality renovation, fully equipped. Centrally located 1 minute from Metro Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8) or Charonne and Rue des Boulets (line 9).
27802	The apartment is a duplex, between the 5th and the 6th floor. On the 5th floor, the entrance door arrives in the living room then you also find a bedroom/office, a kitchen and a toilet. On the 6th floor, where you go using the stairs inside the apartment, there is a bedroom and a complete bathroom, with bathtub and toilet.   There is a lot of light in the apartment because of the numerous windows.  In the upper room, the bed is a real bed. In the other there is a sofa bed (not shown on pictures). You can be 4 people in the appartement. You will have WiFi in the apartment and we also provide blankets and towels. Don't hesitate to contact us to get more information ! 	Large 70 sqm apartment located in a highly animated neighboroud, 10 mins from canal saint martin and 5 mins from Ménilmontant. You are also 20m mins away, walking from place des Vosges ! It is an ideal location to visit Paris ! The apartment is a duplex, between the 5th and the 6th floor. On the 5th floor, the entrance door arrives in the living room then you also find a bedroom/office, a kitchen and a toilet. On the 6th floor, where you go using the stairs inside the apartment, there is a bedroom and a complete bathroom, with bathtub and toilet.   There is a lot of light in the apartment because of the numerous windows.  In the upper room, the bed is a real bed. In the other there is a sofa bed (not shown on pictures). You can be 4 people in the appartement. You will have WiFi in the apartment and we also provide blankets and towels. Don't hesitate to contact us to get more information !  The neighboroud is really really cool. You will find a lot of bars, restaurants and shops just he
27803		Logement au coeur du 11ème entre Bastille, Oberkampf et Père lachaise. Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans une chambre lit double avec vue degagée et un salon avec canapé lit. L'appartement est situé au 6e étage sans ascenseur.
27804	My place is a 18 sq meters attic studio (on the last floor*).  I'm a dark-girly/arty/african/childish person and so is my place haha! but believe me it has GOOD VIBES! It includes : - a futon sofa-bed in the main room - a kitchenette ( with 1 fridge, 1 separate freazer!, 1 microwave and all necessary equipment to fix you delicious meals) - a separated bathroom (shower only, but warm towels, a hairdryer and space to put your stuff - feel free to use my shampoo as well!) - a separated WC (with extra space to put your shoes, luggages and other cumbersome things) - FREE WIFI - books, books, books : why not learning some in French during your stay ? * : I'm on the 5th floor with no elevator but it will keep you in great shape :)	"Hi everyone! My place is an attic studio, ideally situated in the heart of Paris (11th district). The surroundings are full of bars, shops and genuienely ""parisian"". You'll benefit from great transport options as well. Check on the details!       My place is a 18 sq meters attic studio (on the last floor*).  I'm a dark-girly/arty/african/childish person and so is my place haha! but believe me it has GOOD VIBES! It includes : - a futon sofa-bed in the main room - a kitchenette ( with 1 fridge, 1 separate freazer!, 1 microwave and all necessary equipment to fix you delicious meals) - a separated bathroom (shower only, but warm towels, a hairdryer and space to put your stuff - feel free to use my shampoo as well!) - a separated WC (with extra space to put your shoes, luggages and other cumbersome things) - FREE WIFI - books, books, books : why not learning some in French during your stay ? * : I'm on the 5th floor with no elevator but it will keep you in great shape :) You have access to "
27805	Very charming souplex on the 0 floor. 	"Beautiful apartment (duplex) in the heart of Paris. Very central location, 2min from Oberkampf and Ménilmontant. Close to every accomodations, bars, groceries and great restaurants.  One sofa bed for plus an additional bed for a third person bed. Very luminous and confortable place. Perfect for 2 or 3 persons Very charming souplex on the 0 floor. Wifi Very lively district. Market, bars, concerts... 5min from ""Père Lachaise"" Metro 3 ""rue saint maur "" Metro 2 ""Ménilmontant"" Metro 5 ""Oberkampf"""
27806	Entièrement aménagé et composé d'un salon avec un canapé, une chambre munie d'un lit-double, une petite cuisine équipée, une salle de bains avec toilette. A deux pas du Cirque d'Hiver et du Bataclan, proches de l'Opéra Bastille, du Centre Pompidou, des Halles, de l'Hotel de Ville...	Entièrement aménagé et composé d'un salon avec un canapé, une chambre munie d'un lit-double, une petite cuisine équipée, une salle de bains avec toilette. A deux pas du Cirque d'Hiver et du Bataclan, proches de l'Opéra Bastille, du Centre Pompidou, des Halles, de l'Hotel de Ville... Les voyageurs ont accès à tout le logement Les échanges se feront par mail ou par téléphone Situé juste à coté de la place de la République et de Bastille, notre appartement de charme bénéficie d'un excellent emplacement : Le Marais, Chatelet, Le Louvre, Les Champs Elysées sont à quelques minutes en métro.  Il profite d'un quartier vivant, dense, métissé, bobo, achalandé en restaurants et en bars comme peu de quartiers à Paris. Les canaux sont tout près et la première station de métro Oberkampf. Ligne 5 et 9 : Oberkampf (à 1 minute à pied) ou Ligne 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 : Républoique (à 5 minutes à pied) Les entrées se font entre 15:00 et 21:00 Pour toute entrée après 21:00, un supplément de 30 euros vous sera d
27807		Dans un immeuble ancien, joli appartement de 40m² disposant d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un salon avec canapé convertible.
27808		L'appartement est situé dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris. Un arrondissement très agréable pour faire des balades et découvrir la vie parisienne, ses petites boutiques et restaurants.  Pour les amateurs de la marche à pied ;) !   Vous êtes à: -10 min à pied du fameux cimetière le « Père-Lachaise » -15 min de la Place de la Nation   -20 min à pied de la place de Bastille. Un quartier très animé le soir.   -20 min de la rue Oberkampf, Parmentier… ce quartier est connu pour ses nombreux bars et restaurants. Un quartier qu’il faut absolument découvrir aussi de nuit ;).  Transport public à proximité:   - 5 min à pied de la station Alexandre Dumas métro ligne 2 - 5 min à pied de la station Charonne métro ligne 9  - 1 min du bus 76: en bus vous êtes à 15 min du centre de Paris (Châtelet) et à 20min du musée du Louvre  - 1 min d'une station Vélib et Autolib  
27809		Hello and welcome in Paris, Due to business and personal travels, I rent my 14 meters square room in our large 60 meters square flat, located in the center of Paris. During your stay, bed sheet and a towel are under your disposal. Enjoy your stay !
27810	Our apartment is on the 6th floor with an elevator. There is a small balcony where you can drink your coffee in the morning or aperitif at night. Open views over Paris' charming rooftops on either side of our apartment offering lots of light! The apartment is 76 square meters and optimised providing plenty of space for four people with three bedrooms, a living room an entry / open kitchen, a bathroom with washing machine, wifi, flatscreen TV with CNN, BBC news stations, Stereo and lots of books in English and French	Located in the trendy 11th Arrondissement near Bastille. Our neighborhood is filled with fine restaurants, shopping, and nightlife. Easy access to all major sites: Louvre, Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower, by metro or bus at the foot of our apartment. Our apartment is on the 6th floor with an elevator. There is a small balcony where you can drink your coffee in the morning or aperitif at night. Open views over Paris' charming rooftops on either side of our apartment offering lots of light! The apartment is 76 square meters and optimised providing plenty of space for four people with three bedrooms, a living room an entry / open kitchen, a bathroom with washing machine, wifi, flatscreen TV with CNN, BBC news stations, Stereo and lots of books in English and French Our apartment is very secure with two digi codes and a full time concierge who lives in the building. We usually do apartment swaps so we always arrange with a neighbour, the concierge, or ourselves to meet you when you arrive to 
27811	The apartment is situated just a step from the canal Saint-Martin (very popular and animated place where everybody during night like to share a picnic along the canal), the closest subway stations are Place de la République (subway lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11), and Goncourt (subway line 11), in brief, in the Bobo (bourgeois bohème) district of Paris! With all its small and big businesses nearby (supermarket, bookshops, bakery, butcher's shop, etc.). Near the district of Oberkampf, ideal place to go out during the weekend. 20 minutes from Montmartre, 10 minutes from Notre-Dame and Chatelet, 15 minutes from Père Lachaise, either walking, biking or with public transports. The 4 rooms are situated upstairs in a duplex apartment penthouse of 115 squared meters. 2 bathrooms are also upstairs; the rooms, extremely bright (a big window-door leeds to the balcony) open on big private balconies except for one room which hasn't, and are brightened up all day. Beautiful sunsets with a view on the Paris	Our appartement is incredible! On two floors, all rooms upstairs, with each room a balcony! we have a very big living room, with plenty of light and giving on our terrasse! the kitchen is also very nice, big and the place where everything happens! The apartment is situated just a step from the canal Saint-Martin (very popular and animated place where everybody during night like to share a picnic along the canal), the closest subway stations are Place de la République (subway lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11), and Goncourt (subway line 11), in brief, in the Bobo (bourgeois bohème) district of Paris! With all its small and big businesses nearby (supermarket, bookshops, bakery, butcher's shop, etc.). Near the district of Oberkampf, ideal place to go out during the weekend. 20 minutes from Montmartre, 10 minutes from Notre-Dame and Chatelet, 15 minutes from Père Lachaise, either walking, biking or with public transports. The 4 rooms are situated upstairs in a duplex apartment penthouse of 115 squar
27812	Duplex ground floor and 1st floor with 2 terrasse. FULL FLAT / FULL EQUIPED. Made by architect !! really atypic !! just drop your bags and enjoy your holidays !! WIFI illimited provided and high speed of course. 1 KING SIZE BED level 1 with the bathroom 1 SOFA BED level 0 in the living room everything you need to spend a nice stay here. The area is quiet, perfect to rest after a full visiting day ! In the area there are a lot of good restaurants. there is some good wine shops i the area, japonese restaurants, italians, and french of course !! there is supermarkets near by, bakeries...all what you need! The line 9 is very convenient and send you in 10 min to the heart of Paris. The allegre market is so close! You will like this flat - the ambiance is very good :-))) 	Dupleix with 2 terrasse FULL FLAT in Paris Nation, made by an architect. It s an atypic flat, very nice to stay some day in or to live in :-) Flat for 4 people FULL EQUIPED 1 KING SIZE bed 180cm upstairs 1 sofa bed ground floor Duplex ground floor and 1st floor with 2 terrasse. FULL FLAT / FULL EQUIPED. Made by architect !! really atypic !! just drop your bags and enjoy your holidays !! WIFI illimited provided and high speed of course. 1 KING SIZE BED level 1 with the bathroom 1 SOFA BED level 0 in the living room everything you need to spend a nice stay here. The area is quiet, perfect to rest after a full visiting day ! In the area there are a lot of good restaurants. there is some good wine shops i the area, japonese restaurants, italians, and french of course !! there is supermarkets near by, bakeries...all what you need! The line 9 is very convenient and send you in 10 min to the heart of Paris. The allegre market is so close! You will like this flat - the ambiance is very good :-
27813	This private, fully furnished studio apartment is located on the fourth floor (= US fifth floor - no elevator) of a small building in the Oberkampf neighborhood, in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. It offers easy access to everything the city has to offer. It is cozy, bright and quiet. The cozy living room provides space to relax after your travels and busy days exploring the city. It boasts a comfortable couch and a TV with lots of channels. High-speed Wi-Fi is available throughout the studio. The kitchen area offers all you'll need for cooking a meal. You'll find a coffee maker, a toaster, a refrigerator and freezer, an electric stove with four burners, spices, pots and pans, and a microwave oven. Please note that the kitchen area is part of the living room, it is not a separate room. The pull out couch will welcome you at night. It is large enough for two. Pillows, comforter, and sheets are provided. There is a closet for your personal use. There is also a small desk with a comfort	Cozy, bright, and fully furnished studio apartment conveniently located in the Oberkampf neighborhood (11th arrondissement of Paris). Easy access to everything the city has to offer. This private, fully furnished studio apartment is located on the fourth floor (= US fifth floor - no elevator) of a small building in the Oberkampf neighborhood, in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. It offers easy access to everything the city has to offer. It is cozy, bright and quiet. The cozy living room provides space to relax after your travels and busy days exploring the city. It boasts a comfortable couch and a TV with lots of channels. High-speed Wi-Fi is available throughout the studio. The kitchen area offers all you'll need for cooking a meal. You'll find a coffee maker, a toaster, a refrigerator and freezer, an electric stove with four burners, spices, pots and pans, and a microwave oven. Please note that the kitchen area is part of the living room, it is not a separate room. The pull out couch
27814	Comfy studio in a Charming residence, very calm and secure. 2nd Floor, window over an interiour court, as peaceful as it can be !	Charming Studio in the heart of a very nice neighbourhood. All confort and very functional, the Studio is close to Canal Saint-Martin and République Square. Well located, you'll be everywhere in Paris in a couple of minutes. Comfy studio in a Charming residence, very calm and secure. 2nd Floor, window over an interiour court, as peaceful as it can be ! Provided : Washing machine, high speed internet. I'm available for all kinds of advices, neighbourhood tours (for long stays), and 24/7  on the phone on any matter The Neighbourhood is Lovely and residential, lots of restaurants and bars very close !  If you take the subway, lines 2, 3 and 9. Parmentier and Goncourt are the closest stations
27815	Spacieux deux pièces de 50m2 avec de belles pièces lumineuses : une chambre avec grand placard intégré, un salon/salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée et aménagée et une salle de bains. L'appartement est baigné par la lumière car toutes les pièces bénéficient d'un balcon sur lequel on peut prendre le soleil. Situé dans une impasse, vous pourrez profiter du calme pour vous relaxer. 	Superbe appartement tout confort de 50m2 dans le 11e permettant d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Proche des lignes métros, commerces, restaurants et lieux touristiques, c'est le parfait pied-à-terre pour passer un merveilleux séjour parisien ! Spacieux deux pièces de 50m2 avec de belles pièces lumineuses : une chambre avec grand placard intégré, un salon/salle à manger, une cuisine toute équipée et aménagée et une salle de bains. L'appartement est baigné par la lumière car toutes les pièces bénéficient d'un balcon sur lequel on peut prendre le soleil. Situé dans une impasse, vous pourrez profiter du calme pour vous relaxer. Situé au coeur du 11ème, vous avez tous les commerces que peut offrir la fameuse rue Oberkampf à proximité. Proche de Bastille, République et Nation vous serez à deux pas des restaurants et bars branchés de la capitale. Envie d'un concert ou d'un spectacle ? Le Bataclan est juste à l'angle de la rue. Tout près de plusieurs stations de métros et stations de Vélib, v
27816	You'll love our typically Parisian apartment, with its winding staircase, view of Paris rooftops, wooden floors, and fully-stocked kitchen! Guests are welcome to kitchen supplies (pots, pans, basic seasonings), as well as our little library! (But please take care of the books, Ana is very attached to them!) We will be on vacation during these dates but will be there for the initial greeting! We are extremely well-located, walking distance to the Bastille, the Marais, as well as the up and coming 20th district (Belleville, Menilmontant).  Our street is fairly calm, but minutes away from world-class restaurants on the rue de Charonne.  We will be more than happy to share some of our favorite finds with you! We are also a 5 min walk away from the Pere Lachaise cemetery, a great way for starting a Paris visit. We are a 5 minute walk from Line 2 at either Alexandre Dumas or Philippe Auguste.  Line 2 connects to many other lines and goes from the east to west of Paris via great neighbourhood	We love our typical Parisian 1br/1ba apartment and hope you will too! While located in a calm neighborhood, we are minutes away from all the perks of Paris: restaurants, cafés, bars, parks, and outdoor markets. Comfortably sleeps 4 & well-located! You'll love our typically Parisian apartment, with its winding staircase, view of Paris rooftops, wooden floors, and fully-stocked kitchen! Guests are welcome to kitchen supplies (pots, pans, basic seasonings), as well as our little library! (But please take care of the books, Ana is very attached to them!) We will be on vacation during these dates but will be there for the initial greeting! We are extremely well-located, walking distance to the Bastille, the Marais, as well as the up and coming 20th district (Belleville, Menilmontant).  Our street is fairly calm, but minutes away from world-class restaurants on the rue de Charonne.  We will be more than happy to share some of our favorite finds with you! We are also a 5 min walk away from th
27817	A comfortable apartment with everything you need to relax after long days spent in exploring Paris. A comfortable bed, a nice lounge for take a drink and chat, a large balcony to enjoy the sun, a well equipped kitchen ... an entire atmosphere that will make you feel right at home.	Not so far from the Place de la Bastille, feel yourself at home! The room is spacious, the bed comfortable and the atmosphere very cozy. I will not be at home in July, if you book you will have  almost all the apartment available. A comfortable apartment with everything you need to relax after long days spent in exploring Paris. A comfortable bed, a nice lounge for take a drink and chat, a large balcony to enjoy the sun, a well equipped kitchen ... an entire atmosphere that will make you feel right at home. You can freely use all public areas of the apartment. Kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room, balcony and if you need you can even use the washing machine If you have any questions, I will do my best to answer it, I can give you some ideas for visits and help you to take your first landmarks in the city, even by email. In July I will not be there, but a friend will give you the keys and go feed the cat and water the plants everyday. She can help you too. Remember that there is 
27818	"Whether you come alone, with your partner or your family, I am hoping that my place will do the trick! This is a small apartment, but you won't bee needing anything else. Enjoy the quietness of the place, enjoy my ""little garden""! (re)Discover Paris, knowing that you've got a cosy place to come back to!"	"A must try! This typical parisian studio will seduce you for its functionalities and location in Paris. Near the Place de la Nation, and the Bois de Vincennes, do not hesitate one more second, you have found THE place to stay for a couple of days. Whether you come alone, with your partner or your family, I am hoping that my place will do the trick! This is a small apartment, but you won't bee needing anything else. Enjoy the quietness of the place, enjoy my ""little garden""! (re)Discover Paris, knowing that you've got a cosy place to come back to! The whole apartment will be at your disposal. You can use the chairs of the apartment to read a book outside, keeping company to my plants ;-) The ""yard"" is not mine, so you can use it, but be discreet in order not to disturb the neighbors. Cheers. I will probably be working while you are staying in my apartment, but I am willing to stay in touch by phone if you have any question, or problem. The neighborhood is a quiet and nice one, you can t"
27819	2 rooms flat in the center of Paris (Bastille). The apartment is very quiet and bright. The building and the apartment are typically Parisian. For sleeping, there is 2 rooms : one with a large double bed (160 cm) and one with a confortable sofa bed (140 cm). The apartment is convenient, comfortable and fully equiped with internet (wifi), sink, micro-wave (new), oven, refrigerator, washing machine, dishwasher, sofa, hifi.	2 rooms flat in the center of Paris (Bastille). Very quiet, convenient, comfortable and fully equipped with sink, oven, refrigerator, washing machin. Near Marais and Oberkampf. Metro, bus, restaurant and shop 2 min walk 2 rooms flat in the center of Paris (Bastille). The apartment is very quiet and bright. The building and the apartment are typically Parisian. For sleeping, there is 2 rooms : one with a large double bed (160 cm) and one with a confortable sofa bed (140 cm). The apartment is convenient, comfortable and fully equiped with internet (wifi), sink, micro-wave (new), oven, refrigerator, washing machine, dishwasher, sofa, hifi. The apartment is very easy to access from airports and train stations. If you have a doupt, ust let me know from where you come, I'll telle you the best way to get to the apartment I will probably not be in Paris during your stay. But you can call me anytime on my mobile from the flatnet telefon to ask me any question. I'll be happy to help you ! There 
27820	Well-connected to other part of Paris Fantastic view of almost whole Paris	2 mins walk to Metro Oberkampf  7 mins to Republic 3 stations way from Nation where take you to Disneyland or outlet 12 meter squares one bed room for single travel or couple With Internet/wifi, shower room (toilet is outside of the room) kitchen  Well-connected to other part of Paris Fantastic view of almost whole Paris Convenient  Easy to reach from CDG or Orly airport by RER B (to Gare du Nord where is 5 stations away) Great neighbors with lots things to do You can find many restaurants and also the St Martin Canal  5 stations away from Gare du Nord (RER B to airport CDG and Orly) 5 stations away from Nation (RER A to Disney and outlet) 7 mins walk to Republique (5 metro lines services) 8 floors without elevators If you have heavy luggage, you might need to think twice But if you manage it, the view is worthy of the effort 
27821		Charmant 2 pièces de 29m² au 3ème étage sur cours, situé à 300 mètres de la Place de la République 5mn à pied . Entièrement équipé, endroit idéal et calme pour visiter Paris. Métro : Oberkampf (Lignes 5 et 9)/ Parmentier (Ligne 3) Oberkampf Lignes 5 et 9 Parmentier Ligne 3 République Ligne 3 5 8 9 11
27822	A two-room flat at 2nd floor (without elevator) giving to a quiet courtyard near The Marais and République area.  You have a living and dining room, a separated bedroom, a separated kitchen fully equipped, a large shower room, with lavabo and semi-separated toilette.  You have a comfortable bed in the bedroom of 140x200 and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room of 140x200.  The kitchen is in oak equipped with laundry and drying machine, washing machine, oven, electrical vitroceramics cooking, refrigerator, together with all necessary for dining and cooking.  The decoration has a Vintage touch, with few pieces of furniture which call the 50s to mind. We used natural materials like wooden floors in oak  and in the kitchen. We used the ancient tiles in the floor of the kitchen and in the shower-room to enhance the “charme” of the apartment.   	A Flat in a quiet very  Parisian couryard.  You have all the the necessary for a comfortable sleep. A very well wooden fully equiped kitchen. You can come for a romantic stay at 2 or for a family stay at 4.   Just try! A two-room flat at 2nd floor (without elevator) giving to a quiet courtyard near The Marais and République area.  You have a living and dining room, a separated bedroom, a separated kitchen fully equipped, a large shower room, with lavabo and semi-separated toilette.  You have a comfortable bed in the bedroom of 140x200 and a comfortable sofa bed in the living room of 140x200.  The kitchen is in oak equipped with laundry and drying machine, washing machine, oven, electrical vitroceramics cooking, refrigerator, together with all necessary for dining and cooking.  The decoration has a Vintage touch, with few pieces of furniture which call the 50s to mind. We used natural materials like wooden floors in oak  and in the kitchen. We used the ancient tiles in the floor of the 
27823	I am renting a nice two-room flat in the 11th district of Paris, at the Roquette street. It’s located in a beautiful building, in the 6th floor without elevator. My flat includes a main room and a bedroom upstairs in mezzanine. It also includes a kitchen and a bathroom. It’s a very sunny and calm place. The flat has a double exposure on a yard	I am renting a nice two-room flat in the 11th district of Paris, at the Roquette street. It’s located in a beautiful building. My flat includes a main room with a king bed and a bedroom upstairs in mezzanine. It also includes a kitchen and a bathroom I am renting a nice two-room flat in the 11th district of Paris, at the Roquette street. It’s located in a beautiful building, in the 6th floor without elevator. My flat includes a main room and a bedroom upstairs in mezzanine. It also includes a kitchen and a bathroom. It’s a very sunny and calm place. The flat has a double exposure on a yard
27824	Appartement cosy situé au 10ème étage d'un immeuble moderne, avec ascenseur. Vient d'être entièrement rénové. Chambre avec 2 lits séparés de 90 cm x 190 cm, TV et bureau. Séjour avec un canapé convertible (140 cm x 190 cm) pour 2 personnes, TV, table à manger pour 4 personnes. Salle de bain avec belle douche (avec jets!), vasque et WC. Cuisine  toute équipée : évier, lave-linge et lave vaisselle, four micro-ondes, four traditionnel, plaque vitro-céramique, frigo avec congélateur, grille-pain, bouilloire, cafetière... Petite terrasse aménagée avec vue sur tout Paris (Tour Eiffel, Le centre Georges Pompidou (Beaubourg), le Sacré Cœur...). Petite entrée et grand dressing séparé avec étendoir, planche et fer à repasser. Gardien dans l'immeuble.	Appartement cosy situé au 10ème étage d'un immeuble moderne, avec ascenseur. Vient d'être entièrement rénové. Chambre avec 2 lits séparés de 90 cm x 190 cm, TV et bureau. Séjour avec un canapé convertible (140 cm x 190 cm) pour 2 personnes, TV, table à manger pour 4 personnes. Salle de bain avec belle douche (avec jets!), vasque et WC. Cuisine  toute équipée : évier, lave-linge et lave vaisselle, four micro-ondes, four traditionnel, plaque vitro-céramique, frigo avec congélateur, grille-pain, bouilloire, cafetière... Petite terrasse aménagée avec vue sur tout Paris (Tour Eiffel, Le centre Georges Pompidou (Beaubourg), le Sacré Cœur...). Petite entrée et grand dressing séparé avec étendoir, planche et fer à repasser. Gardien dans l'immeuble. Parking fermé, en extérieur, gratuit. Quartier Bastille, trendy, très animé dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris. Nombreux bars, cafés, restaurants et brasseries tout autour de l'appartement. L'incontournable marché d'Aligre, les petites boutiques 
27825		Appartement idéalement situé à proximité de Bastille et du père Lachaise. De nombreux transports en communs, quartier agréable, vivant. Situé dans une petite rue très calme, il y a une chambre avec un lit deux places et une autre avec un matelas.
27826	L'appartement fait 132 m2.  IL est composé d'un séjour (25 m2) avec canapé-lit de qualité, d'une salle à manger (aussi 25 m2) communiquant avec la cuisine, et d'une grande entrée. Une grande chambre double donne sur cour. Deux autres chambres sont au fond du couloir, en enfilade, bien séparées de l'espace commun: l'une a un lit simple convertible en lit double, et l'autre a un lit simple.  Salle de bain avec baignoire et grande douche. Toilette séparées. Pour les fumeurs, merci de ne fumer que sur le balcon!! Our apartment is 132 m2. It is divided in a dining room (25 m2) with an opened kitchen and a living room (25 m2) with a convertible bed. The main bed room is overlooking the courtyard. Two other bedrooms are linked but at the end of the corridor. One has a convertible bed, the other a single bed. The bathroom includes a bathtub and a shower. Separate toilets.	Well located apartment, in a neighbourhood of local shops and close to trendy areas to go out (Bastille, Oberkampf). Our typical Parisian apartment is on the fourth floor. It is quite and sunny. You will enjoy all the conveniences of Paris.
27827	The apartment is ideally situated in a few minutes on foot from the animated Bastille, numerous restaurants and cafés, all the facilities and shops are downstairs the residence as well as all the public transportation (subway, bus, bicycles, car rental) unless 150 meters. The flat is in the middle of the block, at the 5th and last floor, it is peace and quiet.  The parental room (double bed 160 x 200 cms) has its own bathroom with shower. The second bedroom has a bunk bed, with a good mattress on the floor (90 x 200 cm) , the third one have a 1 + 1 bed (2 beds of 90 x 200cm). The second bathroom has a bathtub. The living room is big (40m2) and shinny with an open kitchen. The terrace is without face to face, peace and quiet guaranteed to take advantage of it before or after a good day in Paris. A parking place is available on demand.	95m2 in the heart of Paris, 1 parental bedroom with bathroom and 2 rooms (bunk beds and 1 + 1 bed). Lounge with open kitchen 40m2. Terrace 40 m2 with bbq. Very quiet. Ideal for couple with 2 or 3 children. Access subway and bus less than 150 meters. The apartment is ideally situated in a few minutes on foot from the animated Bastille, numerous restaurants and cafés, all the facilities and shops are downstairs the residence as well as all the public transportation (subway, bus, bicycles, car rental) unless 150 meters. The flat is in the middle of the block, at the 5th and last floor, it is peace and quiet.  The parental room (double bed 160 x 200 cms) has its own bathroom with shower. The second bedroom has a bunk bed, with a good mattress on the floor (90 x 200 cm) , the third one have a 1 + 1 bed (2 beds of 90 x 200cm). The second bathroom has a bathtub. The living room is big (40m2) and shinny with an open kitchen. The terrace is without face to face, peace and quiet guaranteed to ta
27828	"The apartment we offer is particularly beautiful. Design and it is new. It was tastefully decorated. It is in the heart of Paris, France, in an area close to all amenities (metro, bus, shops, cinema, theater ...). It is located a few meters from the ""Place de la Nation"" very famous. This 28m2 studio is located on the 3rd floor with elevator in the neighborhood Nation. It has been completely redone. It is located on lines 6, 9, 1, 2, A (direct to Republic, Châtelet, Charles de Gaulle Etoile, City Hall, Bastille, Saint Paul Le Marais ...). The neighborhood is quiet and very commercial. The main room is very bright thanks to its large window. For sleeping, you will have 1 sofa-beds, a wardrobe and wardrobe, as well as an extra bed (a fireside one place). The kitchen has an oven (microwave and convection), a kettle, a washing machine, a fridge, a freezer, and a bar area. The bathroom contains a bath and shower, marble sink, and toilet. The lounge has a flat screen TV, DVD player, and free "	"The apartment we offer is particularly beautiful. Design and it is new. It was tastefully decorated. It is in the heart of Paris, France, in an area close to all amenities (metro, bus, shops, cinema, theater ...). It is located a few meters from the ""Place de la Nation"" very famous. This 28m2 studio is located on the 3rd floor with elevator in the neighborhood Nation. It has been completely redone. It is located on lines 6, 9, 1, 2, A (direct to Republic, Châtelet, Charles de Gaulle Etoile, City Hall, Bastille, Saint Paul Le Marais ...). The neighborhood is quiet and very commercial. The main room is very bright thanks to its large window. For sleeping, you will have 1 sofa-beds, a wardrobe and wardrobe, as well as an extra bed (a fireside one place). The kitchen has an oven (microwave and convection), a kettle, a washing machine, a fridge, a freezer, and a bar area. The bathroom contains a bath and shower, marble sink, and toilet. The lounge has a flat screen TV, DVD player, and free "
27829	In the heart of the Bastille (Paris history) the lively and trendy street of the capital of rue de la roquette and 5min to metro or bus to the nearest supermarket just down the building finished shopping day enjoy paris and made the evening! The whole apartment for up to 6 persons consist of two rooms double bed and lounge all fully equipped with latest technology home theater, big screen, hifi and wifi everywhere for your comfort throughout a floor bathroom and kitchen with everything needed to live well. glazed bay in each of the rooms overlooking a balcony that welcomes you to enjoy breakfast or south for drinks (dinner show) in the evening ... You will not miss animation day or night in this neighborhood full of restaurants and typical Parisian brasserie bars and clubs concerts, shops and shopping too! historic places for the canal saint martin just nearby the Place de la Bastille (former prison) le marais opera, place d'aligre etc. ... located in a private residence accessible onl	In the heart of the Bastille (Paris history) the lively and trendy street of the capital of rue de la roquette and 5min to metro or bus to the nearest supermarket just down the building finished shopping day enjoy paris and made the evening! The whole apartment for up to 6 persons consist of two rooms double bed and lounge all fully equipped with latest technology home theater, big screen, hifi and wifi everywhere for your comfort throughout a floor bathroom and kitchen with everything needed to live well. glazed bay in each of the rooms overlooking a balcony that welcomes you to enjoy breakfast or south for drinks (dinner show) in the evening ... You will not miss animation day or night in this neighborhood full of restaurants and typical Parisian brasserie bars and clubs concerts, shops and shopping too! historic places for the canal saint martin just nearby the Place de la Bastille (former prison) le marais opera, place d'aligre etc. ... located in a private residence accessible onl
27830	Center of Paris furnished apartment to rent, Saint Ambroise district , close of the place des Vosges and the Marais, between Bastille and Republic. Beautiful 2 rooms completely fitted out to receive up to 4 people, for stays from 2 days to 3 months. The apartment consists of a living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, television, DVD player and internet WIFI ; and of a bedroom with a queen bed. The kitchen is perfectly equipped : heating plates, fridge, microwaves, washing machine-dryer, coffee maker, kettle, burns out bread... The bathroom is with big Italian shower with massaging jets.  Surroundings you will find any businesses, shops, grocer's shops; a supermarket is in 2 minutes in feet, the 1st bakery also. The district, alive and trendy, abounds in cafés, restaurants, bars! Subways St Ambroise and Richard Lenoir at 3 minutes walk.-Check in between 2 pm and 7 pm check out between 9 am and noon Sheets and towels are supplied	Center of Paris furnished apartment to rent, Saint Ambroise district , close of the place des Vosges and the Marais, between Bastille and Republic.  Center of Paris furnished apartment to rent, Saint Ambroise district , close of the place des Vosges and the Marais, between Bastille and Republic. Beautiful 2 rooms completely fitted out to receive up to 4 people, for stays from 2 days to 3 months. The apartment consists of a living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, television, DVD player and internet WIFI ; and of a bedroom with a queen bed. The kitchen is perfectly equipped : heating plates, fridge, microwaves, washing machine-dryer, coffee maker, kettle, burns out bread... The bathroom is with big Italian shower with massaging jets.  Surroundings you will find any businesses, shops, grocer's shops; a supermarket is in 2 minutes in feet, the 1st bakery also. The district, alive and trendy, abounds in cafés, restaurants, bars! Subways St Ambroise and Richard Lenoir at 3 minutes walk
27831	"L'appartement de 50m2 composé d'un salon (canapé lit 160x200), d'une chambre (lit 160x200), d'une cuisine séparée toute équipée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et douche de wc indépendant et de grands placards est situé au 7e étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble de standing sécurisé, dans une petite rue calme. Les balcons de la chambre et du salon donnent sur un jardin. Il est très lumineux et il n'y a absolument aucun bruit.  Le métro ""rue saint maur"" et une station de velib sont a 2mn a pieds ainsi qu' un supermarché, une boulangerie, un boucher, un tabac, des bars et des restaurants et tous les commerces...(bus, autolib, taxi a 5mn) Le cimetière du Pere Lachaise est a moins de 10 mn a pieds. "	À deux pas du Père Lachaise et de Bastille, ce grand 2 pièces vous accueillera pendant vos séjours sur Paris. Chaleureux, fonctionnel et entièrement équipé, vous retrouverez tout le confort nécessaire. Commerces, restaurants, métro, bus, Vélib
27832	In the 2nd floor without elevator of a very quiet and safe  building, a Classic bourgeois apartment, hausmannian style.  The flat is composed of two bedrooms, one living room, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom with bath tub. The first bedroom is spacious and shiny, one queen size bed and lots of space for your things. The second bedroom	Amazing two bedrooms flat in a bourgeois and very vivid area. Idealy located near one of the biggest metro Station of Paris, you are few minutes away from all the main attractions. Welcome! In the 2nd floor without elevator of a very quiet and safe  building, a Classic bourgeois apartment, hausmannian style.  The flat is composed of two bedrooms, one living room, a fully equiped kitchen and a bathroom with bath tub. The first bedroom is spacious and shiny, one queen size bed and lots of space for your things. The second bedroom
27833	Petit 2 pièces de 24m2, calme et clair 1e étage avec escaliers Lumineux, fenêtres orientées à l'ouest, vue sur cour agréable et verdoyante, pas de vis à vis direct. Possibilité de garer les vélo Lavomatic en face 	Petit 2 pièces de 24m2, calme et clair 1e étage avec escaliers Lumineux, fenêtres orientées à l'ouest, vue sur cour agréable et verdoyante, pas de vis à vis direct. Possibilité de garer les vélo Lavomatic en face Petite cuisine équipée avec plaques électriques, four micro-onde, bouilloire, grille pain Salle de bain avec wc, grande douche Rangements Lit 2 places + canapé lit 2 places Radio Quartier très vivant, restaurants, bars, caves à vins et café internet très sympa juste en bas de l'immeuble (très bon risotto chez l'italien en face) Supermarché à 2min, boulangerie à l'angle Jolis passages fleuris juste en face. Localisation très centrale, proche de Bastille, Nation A 10min de transport de Chatelet Métro: 2 min de la ligne 9 (Charonne), 5 min de la ligne 2 (Philippe Auguste ou Alexandre Dumas) à 2 stations de Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6, 9, rer A) Bus: 76, 56 
27834	The apartment disposes a real bathroom (shower, toilet, sink) and a real kitchen. The kitchen is equiped by a washing machin, a fridge/freezer, a microwaves, a toaster, a filter coffe maker, a drying rack. The main room is equiped by a sofa, cupboard, desk, sheives, mini hifi and wifi. Towels and sheets are provided. It is located on the first floor (without an elevator)	"Between Bastille and Republic, very close to The Marais and to the many restaurants and bars of Oberkampf street, this apartment is very luminous and quiet, like ""country side"" in Paris, in a very animated place. The apartment disposes a real bathroom (shower, toilet, sink) and a real kitchen. The kitchen is equiped by a washing machin, a fridge/freezer, a microwaves, a toaster, a filter coffe maker, a drying rack. The main room is equiped by a sofa, cupboard, desk, sheives, mini hifi and wifi. Towels and sheets are provided. It is located on the first floor (without an elevator) The guests have access to the private patios of the building. Being relatively available and living in parisian region, the visitors can easily contact me for any questions or problems relative to the location. An authentic and animated neighborhood close to many restaurants and bar of the Oberkampf street, shops of the Marais...Market of boulevard Richard Lenoir... The apartment is located seconds or minutes "
27835		charmant appartement dans un immeuble pierre de taille dans le 11eme le logement se situe dans un passage donc très calme grandes fenêtres equipé de la wifi du cable et de canal +
27836	I'm occasionally renting out a room in our beautiful, spacious and typical Parisian 90m2 apartment.  We're located close to the famous Père Lachaise artist cemetery , 10 min from the vibrant Bastille, bobo Canal Saint Martin & République area, just outside the metro station Père Lachaise (metro lines 2 and 3).  We use only organic and allergy approved washing detergents, so the appartment will suit also suit people that are allergic. We're on the 4th floor and without elevator.  It gives you a nice and regular workout, but needs to be taken into the consideration if your luggage exceeds 25 kg or if you're over 70 years of age. (But no worries, if needed, we'll help you with getting up the luggage.) The room has a double bed, but if you come with a small child we also have a some foldable beds that you can put next to yours. If you want to come with an extra friend, we can put some extra bed in the living room (for a small additional cost). Towels, sheets, hair dryer, tea kettle and tea	I'm occasionally renting out a room in our beautiful, spacious and typical Parisian 90m2 apartment.  We're located close to the famous Père Lachaise artist cemetery , 10 min from the vibrant Bastille, bobo Canal Saint Martin & République area, just outside the metro station Père Lachaise (metro lines 2 and 3).  We use only organic and allergy approved washing detergents, so the appartment will suit also suit people that are allergic. We're on the 4th floor and without elevator.  It gives you a nice and regular workout, but needs to be taken into the consideration if your luggage exceeds 25 kg or if you're over 70 years of age. (But no worries, if needed, we'll help you with getting up the luggage.) The room has a double bed, but if you come with a small child we also have a some foldable beds that you can put next to yours. If you want to come with an extra friend, we can put some extra bed in the living room (for a small additional cost). Towels, sheets, hair dryer, tea kettle and tea
27837	Situé entre la place de la Bastille et la place Voltaire, cet appartement de 48m2 (au 3e étage). Il est situé dans un passage privé typique du onzième arrondissement. L’appartement a été rénové récemment, la chambre donne sur la cour de l’immeuble et celles du séjour donnent sur la rue, l’appartement est très bien insonorisé.  Vous serez au centre de Paris et profiterez  pleinement sans avoir à être gêné par la foule ou le bruit. La cuisine ouverte est équipée d’un four, d'un four microondes, de plaques à induction, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un lave-vaisselle et d’une machine à café.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition un lave-linge. Le séjour de 28 m2 dispose d’un canapé lit (1.90m x 0.90m) dans lequel une personne peut dormir très confortablement Un grand lit (2m x 1.60 cm) se trouve dans la chambre La salle de bain est avec douche et baignoire, les toilettes sont séparées Mes affaires sont rangées quand l’appartement est occupé afin que vous puissiez vous sentir vraiment comme chez vo	Vous serez au centre de Paris et profiterez sans gêne de la foule ou le bruit. Appartement idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfant. Situé dans un passage privé typique du onzième arrondissement, il a été rénové récemment et il est  ensoleillé. Situé entre la place de la Bastille et la place Voltaire, cet appartement de 48m2 (au 3e étage). Il est situé dans un passage privé typique du onzième arrondissement. L’appartement a été rénové récemment, la chambre donne sur la cour de l’immeuble et celles du séjour donnent sur la rue, l’appartement est très bien insonorisé.  Vous serez au centre de Paris et profiterez  pleinement sans avoir à être gêné par la foule ou le bruit. La cuisine ouverte est équipée d’un four, d'un four microondes, de plaques à induction, d'un réfrigérateur, d'un lave-vaisselle et d’une machine à café.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition un lave-linge. Le séjour de 28 m2 dispose d’un canapé lit (1.90m x 0.90m) dans lequel une personne peut dormir très confortablemen
27838	Our apartment is vast and warm.	This apartment combines the beauty of old Parisian Hausmannian apartments with the comfort of modern furniture and appliances. Our apartment is vast and warm. the whole apartment
27839	A large apartment of 860 sq ft with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and large living room (with a sofa bed) on the 5th floor with a small elevator (large balcony, open view, Hausmannian building, possibility of parking). The apartment is located 3 minutes from the Place de la Republique near the canal Saint Martin. We make it a point of honour make your stay go as smoothly as possible by our presence nearby. 	Beautiful apartment for up to 6 people in Central Paris, 11th arrondissement near the Canal Saint Martin, the Place de la Republique and the Marais.  Breakfast (website hidden), wifi, free phone and a lot more... Large balcony A large apartment of 860 sq ft with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and large living room (with a sofa bed) on the 5th floor with a small elevator (large balcony, open view, Hausmannian building, possibility of parking). The apartment is located 3 minutes from the Place de la Republique near the canal Saint Martin. We make it a point of honour make your stay go as smoothly as possible by our presence nearby. Services and equipment : free wireless internet high speed, ADSL, large LCD TV in the living room, DVD, free phone to numerous destinations, bed linen and towels, hairdryer, safe, equipped kitchen, dishes, small and large appliances including dishwasher and washing machine ...).  Breakfast is provided on a do it yourself basis (tea, coffee, drinking chocolat
27840	It is a very cozy flat, spacious and brigth. Typical paris appartement with a wooden floor and a fireplace . Big windows and view to de city hall of 11th arrondissement.	Located in the heart of 11th arrondissement, between Republique, Bastille and Pere Lachaise, this apartment is perfect for 2 pers. 40sq meters, very bright, kitchen equiped, bedroom for 2pers. Close to the main tourist sites 2rd floor with lift. Transport Metro Voltaire-line 9, Bastille-lines 1,5,8 It is a very cozy flat, spacious and brigth. Typical paris appartement with a wooden floor and a fireplace . Big windows and view to de city hall of 11th arrondissement. Internet, washing machine, lift... The eleventh arrondissement is a varied and engaging area. To the west lies the Place de la République, which is linked to the Place de la Bastille, in the east, by the sweeping, tree-lined Boulevard Richard-Lenoir, with its large markets and children's parks. The Place de la Bastille and the rue du Faubourg St Antoine are full of fashionable cafés, restaurants, and nightlife, and they also contain a range of boutiques and galleries. The Oberkampf district to the north is another popular ar
27841	Joli appartement de 2 pièces fraîchement rénové et décoré. Localisé entre République & Bastille (quartier Parmentier/Oberkampf). Idéal pour un couple. Proche Métros, Resto Bars & Commerces. Jolie décoration mélangeant le vintage & le moderne.  Cuisine ouverte sur salon. Chambre à coucher avec Lit 2 places. Salle de bain avec Douche. Nice 2 room Flat. Freshly renovated. Modern & Vintage Interior. Living room with Open kitchen, Bedroom with a double bed, Bathroom with shower. Located between Bastille & Republique (Parmentier/ Oberkampf area). Perfect flat for a couple. Near different Metro Stations, Restaurants, Bars, Shopping Area, Grocery Shopping ...	Joli appartement de 2 pièces fraîchement rénové et décoré. Localisé entre République & Bastille (quartier Parmentier/Oberkampf). Idéal pour un couple. Proche Métros, Resto Bars & Commerces. Jolie décoration mélangeant le vintage & le moderne.  Cuisine ouverte sur salon. Chambre à coucher avec Lit 2 places. Salle de bain avec Douche. Nice 2 room Flat. Freshly renovated. Modern & Vintage Interior. Living room with Open kitchen, Bedroom with a double bed, Bathroom with shower. Located between Bastille & Republique (Parmentier/ Oberkampf area). Perfect flat for a couple. Near different Metro Stations, Restaurants, Bars, Shopping Area, Grocery Shopping ... Appartement équipé de plaques, four, chauffage, machine à laver  Flat equipped with all necessary devices & furnitures Echanges par mail/ Téléphone Guests can contact me per Mail or telephone  Quartier dynamique en pleine mutation Bars, restaurants, commerces, parcs, métros Vivant mais calme Appartement proche es quartiers: Voltaire, Père
27842	Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi.	Appartement cosy rénové toutes commodités plein centre de Paris.  Exclusivement féminin les chambres sont confortables et décorées avec gout.  Cuisine aménagée vaisselle et fours à votre disposition.  2 lignes de Métro et 1 bus à proximité immédiate Mon appartement est génial surtout pour sa situation géographique: C'est le vrai centre de Paris, on est a quelques stations de métro des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du Marais . Il y a des dizaines de restaurants pas chers du tout au pieds de l'immeuble mais aussi des bars et le soir la vie est très animée. Enfin vous pouvez faire vos courses dans les supermarchés en bas de chez moi. Vous pouvez accéder à toutes les pièces et il y aune grande table où vous pouvez travailler et manger c'est très convivial! Je serai là disponible pour vous aider . Festif, jeune, mélangé et dynamique le quartier de la rue Oberkampf est l’un des plus animés de la capitale. Un véritable parcours vous attend du bas de la rue située au pied du Batacla
27843	I propose my two-room flat (one bedroom) close to the place de la Nation (Paris 11°) for €700 (€100/night). I am a very clean and non-smoking person. It is on the second floor within a cosy fully-refurbished building.  The bedroom is quiet and overlooks a calm courtyard.  The apartment is very bright and in an elegant neighborhood. Many restaurants and shops (bakeries, butcheries, pharmacies). The main room consists of:  - A fully equipped kitchen overlooking the living-room (oven, microwaves, dishwasher, keetle, steamer, hotplates, Nespresso machine, fridge and freezer);  - A sofa bed (140cm) with an excellent Simmons mattress;  - A dining table (extension is included).  - Cable TV The second room is a bedroom with a new 140cm-wide double bed. Sheets are provided during your stay. The bathroom has a shower unit, a sink, a washing machine and toilets. Towels are provided during your stay. WIFI available (fibre-optic cable). A bottle of wine is offered during your stay. Languages: Engli	Wonderful and calm two-room flat - Place de la Nation (Paris 11°) Direct access to: Parc de Vincennes / Zoo: 15min Heart of Paris: Champs-Elysees (20min) / Marais (10min) / Bastille (5min) Montmartre: 20min Opera: 20min Disneyland Park: 40min I propose my two-room flat (one bedroom) close to the place de la Nation (Paris 11°) for €700 (€100/night). I am a very clean and non-smoking person. It is on the second floor within a cosy fully-refurbished building.  The bedroom is quiet and overlooks a calm courtyard.  The apartment is very bright and in an elegant neighborhood. Many restaurants and shops (bakeries, butcheries, pharmacies). The main room consists of:  - A fully equipped kitchen overlooking the living-room (oven, microwaves, dishwasher, keetle, steamer, hotplates, Nespresso machine, fridge and freezer);  - A sofa bed (140cm) with an excellent Simmons mattress;  - A dining table (extension is included).  - Cable TV The second room is a bedroom with a new 140cm-wide double bed. Sh
27844	This 21sqm 1 bedroom studio is located rue Popincourt, in the 11th arrondissement. As it is a studio, the bedroom, the living room and the kitchen are one room. A wifi connexion is available in the apartment, I'll provide you with the codes required. Clean sheets and towels are provided as well as soap and shampoo. The equiped kitchen includes : hot plates, refrigerator, oven, kettle and dishes. Travel times - walking distance : Place de La Nation : 10 minutes Place de La République : 15 minutes Bastille : less than 10 minutes Travel times - with Subway : CDG Airport : 70 to 90 minutes Champs Elysées : 25 minutes The Louvre : 20 minutes It's easy to come from the airport : You take the RER A to Nation and then line 9 to Voltaire. 	Cosy 21sqm studio next to Voltaire - Line 9 Perfect for one or two people  Next to Bastille, Nation and République       This 21sqm 1 bedroom studio is located rue Popincourt, in the 11th arrondissement. As it is a studio, the bedroom, the living room and the kitchen are one room. A wifi connexion is available in the apartment, I'll provide you with the codes required. Clean sheets and towels are provided as well as soap and shampoo. The equiped kitchen includes : hot plates, refrigerator, oven, kettle and dishes. Travel times - walking distance : Place de La Nation : 10 minutes Place de La République : 15 minutes Bastille : less than 10 minutes Travel times - with Subway : CDG Airport : 70 to 90 minutes Champs Elysées : 25 minutes The Louvre : 20 minutes It's easy to come from the airport : You take the RER A to Nation and then line 9 to Voltaire. 
27845	Idéalement situé au centre Paris près du métro Couronne, à 15 minutes à pied du Marais, de la place de la République, du canal saint-Martin et du Cimetière Père-Lachaise. La copropriété bénéficie d'une jolie cour ombragée. L’appartement de 30 m2 refait à neuf est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, donnant sur la rue mais au calme. Il est très ensoleillé et lumineux. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine équipée et fonctionnelle (plaque à gaz, hotte, four, lave linge), d'une salle d'eau avec sanitaires, d'une chambre avec fenêtre et d'un salon avec canapé-lit donnant sur rue. A proximité, vous trouverez de nombreux commerces (boulangerie, cavistes, maraichers, supermarchés, pharmacies, …), des restaurants et des cafés. Un marché le mardi et le vendredi. L'appartement est non-fumeur. Les animaux ne sont pas acceptés.  PROXIMITE:  Place de la République: 10 min à pied  Cirque d'hiver: 10 min à pied  Marais / les halles / Hôtel de ville: 15min  Canal Saint-Martin: 10min ACCÈS TRANSPORT EN C	Situé dans le 11ème arrondissement, mon appartement de 30 m2 peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Lumineux et bien placé, il permet de rejoindre facilement tous les endroits plus connus de Paris: le Marais, Hôtel de Ville et Notre Dame, Montmartre... Idéalement situé au centre Paris près du métro Couronne, à 15 minutes à pied du Marais, de la place de la République, du canal saint-Martin et du Cimetière Père-Lachaise. La copropriété bénéficie d'une jolie cour ombragée. L’appartement de 30 m2 refait à neuf est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, donnant sur la rue mais au calme. Il est très ensoleillé et lumineux. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine équipée et fonctionnelle (plaque à gaz, hotte, four, lave linge), d'une salle d'eau avec sanitaires, d'une chambre avec fenêtre et d'un salon avec canapé-lit donnant sur rue. A proximité, vous trouverez de nombreux commerces (boulangerie, cavistes, maraichers, supermarchés, pharmacies, …), des restaurants et des cafés. Un marché le mardi et 
27846	very bright, quite and easy inner organisation (storage...)  perfect for a couple or a group of friends. 3rd and last floor. view on the inner courtyard. close to all shops, restaurants and transportation. Safe neighborhood. 	Situé entre la place des Vosges, le Marais et la Bastille (10 minutes à pied) L' immeuble est très calme , l'appartement domine une cour pavée très jolie et fleuries. face à l'arrêt du bus direction tour Eiffel passant par Saint Paul et le Louvre very bright, quite and easy inner organisation (storage...)  perfect for a couple or a group of friends. 3rd and last floor. view on the inner courtyard. close to all shops, restaurants and transportation. Safe neighborhood. you have the entire flat at your disposal. don't hesitate to ask anything about how to experience Paris in an unforgettable way Perfectly located between the place des Vosges and the Marais for some shopping and great athmosphère, Rue Oberkampf for a nice drink in the evening, also near by from canal Saint Martin, a very hipster area. The Picasso Museum is walking distance from the flat. Line 69  (bus) will take anywhere you need to in the city; Champ de Mars, Louvre, Tour Eiffel,... Line 9 bring you to the Grand Palais, t
27847	The space has been optimized for maximum comfort and you will feel perfectly at ease. The spacious bathroom has a bathroom a mirrored bathroom cabinet, a toilet and a washing machine. The flooring is tiled for maximum hygiene. A baby bed is available on request.  A sleeping cot can also be made available on request for €15. 	This well appointed studio in a secure building has just been put on the daily rental market and thus has not yet been commented on! The space has been optimized for maximum comfort and you will feel perfectly at ease.  The space has been optimized for maximum comfort and you will feel perfectly at ease. The spacious bathroom has a bathroom a mirrored bathroom cabinet, a toilet and a washing machine. The flooring is tiled for maximum hygiene. A baby bed is available on request.  A sleeping cot can also be made available on request for €15. Arrivals are usually in the afternoon and departures before noon - but can be adapted in function of the studio’s availability. I will be present for the check in and as needed during your stay. In case of my absence, someone with a available for you via phone or email. I am available via telephone and ideally Whattsapp. It’s easy to use and free. Near the Bastille, the Haussamanian architecture of the neighborhood will not leave you indifferent.  Wi
27848	Hello everyone,  I'm living in a really nice, really big (for Paris) 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom loft (used to be a toy store).  Close to 3 subway stations Goncourt, Parmentier or République (line 8, 9, 3, 5, 11) you are right in the center of Paris. Close to everything, shops, markets, bars and restaurants.  The flat. 75m2 on 2 levels, fully furnished and well decorated, woodfloor, wi-fi, dvd player, flat screen tv, sofa bed. The kitchen has enough space to cook (diswasher, oven, microwave, fridge, blender, coffee maker...)  Your room :The biggest one, with a walk-in closet, an ensuite bathroom with bath and toilets. queen size bed. Linen.  I'm a 30 yo professionnal female. I work as head of communication in a firm. I like to go out with friends, (bar, movie, plays..) and have also nice nights at home with friends, roomate, a good movie, a good talk and a glass of good red wine.  I'm really friendly, really easy to live with, non smoking.  The master bedroom will be available from June 1st 	Nice, well decorated and cozy bedroom in a nice flat in the 11th arrondissement. The flat use to be a toy store and has been completely rethink to become an heaven in the middle of a very trendy neighborhood Hello everyone,  I'm living in a really nice, really big (for Paris) 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom loft (used to be a toy store).  Close to 3 subway stations Goncourt, Parmentier or République (line 8, 9, 3, 5, 11) you are right in the center of Paris. Close to everything, shops, markets, bars and restaurants.  The flat. 75m2 on 2 levels, fully furnished and well decorated, woodfloor, wi-fi, dvd player, flat screen tv, sofa bed. The kitchen has enough space to cook (diswasher, oven, microwave, fridge, blender, coffee maker...)  Your room :The biggest one, with a walk-in closet, an ensuite bathroom with bath and toilets. queen size bed. Linen.  I'm a 30 yo professionnal female. I work as head of communication in a firm. I like to go out with friends, (bar, movie, plays..) and have also nice
27849	I can accommodate 4 persons in my apartment which is located above the Parc de Belleville. Wreaths from the subway (line 2) and the Metro Jourdain (line 11). 15 minutes from Châtelet. I can rent the whole apartment or just one of the tow bedrooms   There are two bedrooms in my house,  one with a double bed and the second with a single bed.I also have a sofa bed for 2 people comfortable in the lounge, just in case.  Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Meniltmontant, Parc de Belleville with a view of Paris, Rue Oberkampf, Shops, Church of Jordan, Louvre, Hotel de Ville, Paris City Hall, on Sunday Walking Street Pyrenees,	I can accommodate 4 persons in my apartment which is located above the Parc de Belleville. Wreaths from the subway (line 2) and the Metro Jourdain (line 11). 15 minutes from Châtelet. I can rent the whole apartment or just one of the tow bedrooms   There are two bedrooms in my house,  one with a double bed and the second with a single bed.I also have a sofa bed for 2 people comfortable in the lounge, just in case.  Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Meniltmontant, Parc de Belleville with a view of Paris, Rue Oberkampf, Shops, Church of Jordan, Louvre, Hotel de Ville, Paris City Hall, on Sunday Walking Street Pyrenees, You have access to the entire apartment I remain fully available during your stay. By phone, e-mail or text message. The apartment is located in the district of Ménilmontant and Belleville, and just above the beautiful Belleville Park, which offers one of the most beautiful view of Paris (See photos). The area is very lively and full of little restaurants where you 
27850	Grand appartement lumineux et frais, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, idéal pour se reposer après les balades touristiques Big bright and cool apartment,  3rd floor without elevator, ideal to rest(base) after the tourist strolls in Paris.	Big duplex apartment of charm 150 m2 very friendly and bright, 3 bedrooms, center of Paris, in 5mn on foot of the Marais and the Place des Vosges. Last (3rd) floor without elevator. Grand appartement lumineux et frais, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, idéal pour se reposer après les balades touristiques Big bright and cool apartment,  3rd floor without elevator, ideal to rest(base) after the tourist strolls in Paris. Big lounge/dining room with open-plan kitchen, 3 rooms with real beds (1 king size bed / 1 matrimonial bed / 2 twin beds), 1 toilets independent, 1 bathroom / bathtub + 1 bathroom /shower with toilets. Grand salon/salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte, 3 chambres (1 lit king size, 1 lit matrimonial et deux lits jumeaux), une salle de bain/baignoire, 1 WC indépendant, une salle de douche avec WC Quartier de la Bastille, au centre de Paris, nombreux bars et restaurants avec terrasses, tous commerces, à 5mn à pied du quartier historique du Marais. Supermarché au pied de l'immeuble
27851	Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 3 and 4, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. The apartment is very bright and spacious, on the 4th floor with a lift.  It is composed of  3 bedrooms, a double living room, one bathroom with shower and one separated small bathroom with toilet-  and one kitchen. We also have a little child mattress to accommodate a child in the parents room if necessary. The windows are floor to ceiling and you can enjoy a lovely view. It is a very bright apartment, with no vis à vis, which is rare for Paris! Our sweet cat Finn and ourselves will be living there. And one of the other rooms may be hosting other Airbnb guests.	Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 2 and 3, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. Our charming apartment is located on avenue de la République, in the lively neighborhood of Père Lachaise, Menilmontant. Very close to Metro lines 3 and 4, it is very well connected. And it is a nice stroll away from the Marais. The apartment is very bright and spacious, on the 4th floor with a lift.  It is composed of  3 bedrooms, a double living room, one bathroom with shower and one separated small bathroom with toilet-  and one kitchen. We also have a little child mattress to accommodate a child in the parents room if necessary. The windows are floor to ceiling and you can enjoy a lovely view. It is a very bright apartment, with no vis à vis, which is rare for Paris! Our sweet cat Finn and ourselves will be living there. And one of the other rooms may be ho
27852	Inside an architect's house, in the middle of Paris, close to the Marais and well served by public transportation, a 9m2 independent studio fully equipped and nicely fitted out. A good compromise between a hotel room and a flat for a good price.	Inside an architect's house, in the middle of Paris, close to the Marais and well served by public transportation, a 9m2 independent studio fully equipped and nicely fitted out. A good compromise between a hotel room and a flat for a good price. The Passage Saint-Pierre Amelot has little traffic. The house has a common corridor and staircase serving independent apartments where we live. You’ll stay in a safe and peaceful environment. Perfect for a student. I live in this house. I’ll be glad to welcome and inform you. The neighborhood is ideally located between the historical center of the city and more popular neighborhoods such as Belleville. You’re 5mn away from the musée Picasso by foot, or to the rue Oberkampf for a nocturnal ride. You’ll enjoy the Boulevard Richard-Lenoir market twice a week right on the street corner. Metro  Oberkampf : lines 5 and 9 St-Sébastien Froissart or Filles du Calvaire : line 8 Parmentier : line 3 République : lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 Bus : 20, 56, 96 and 65
27853	Logement avec vue sur Paris et ses nombreux monuments, dont la Tour Eiffel, situé au 7ème et dernier étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur). Le studio est très calme et lumineux. L'accès est sécurisé. Idéal couples ou femmes seules.	Charmant studio 16m2 au sol avec lit en mezzanine. Très calme, lumineux, dernier étage avec ascenseur, sécurisé. Au cœur du 11ème arrondissement, vous serez à 2 pas du Père Lachaise et de la rue Oberkampf ! Commerces et métros au pied de l'immeuble ! Logement avec vue sur Paris et ses nombreux monuments, dont la Tour Eiffel, situé au 7ème et dernier étage de l'immeuble (avec ascenseur). Le studio est très calme et lumineux. L'accès est sécurisé. Idéal couples ou femmes seules. Accès au logement en intégralité. Vous disposerez de tout l'équipement et l'électroménager nécessaire pour cuisiner dans l'appartement.  Je peux répondre à vos questions en amont ou pendant votre séjour par téléphone ou mail ! Quartier animé et varié, central, permet en quelques stations de métro de rejoindre le cœur de Paris. A 2 pas du Père Lachaise, de la rue festive d'Oberkampf et du Canal Saint-Martin, vous rejoindrez rapidement Montmartre ou le Marais, sans en avoir les inconvénients (foule, bruit...) : le 
27854	Appartement de 2 pièces très lumineux, plein sud, situé sur la place de la Bastille proche du quartier du marais et à 5mn à pieds de la célèbre place des Vosges.  Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est à proximité du quartier branché de la Bastille. Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le dimanche et le jeudi à 2 minutes, proche de tous commerces, bars, restaurants, discothèques... De belles promenades sont à prévoir le long du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal au pied de la place de la Bastille, la coulée verte, vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds l’île Saint Louis, le Marais, la place des Vosges, la cathédrale Notre Dame...  Station de métro Bastille : lignes 8 , 1 , 5 desservant directement République, le quartier de L’opéra Garnier, le musée du Louvre, Saint Paul, Hotel de ville, Champs Elysées, le quartier de la défense, Les tuileries ...  Appartement de 2 pièces, confortablement aménagé pour recevoir 4 personnes. Chambre spacieuse sur cour avec 1 lit de 160cm/200cm.  Kitchene	Appartement de 2 pièces très lumineux, plein sud, situé sur la place de la Bastille proche du quartier du marais et à 5mn à pieds de la célèbre place des Vosges.  Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est à proximité du quartier branché de la Bastille. Le quartier est très commerçant, marché le dimanche et le jeudi à 2 minutes, proche de tous commerces, bars, restaurants, discothèques... De belles promenades sont à prévoir le long du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal au pied de la place de la Bastille, la coulée verte, vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds l’île Saint Louis, le Marais, la place des Vosges, la cathédrale Notre Dame...  Station de métro Bastille : lignes 8 , 1 , 5 desservant directement République, le quartier de L’opéra Garnier, le musée du Louvre, Saint Paul, Hotel de ville, Champs Elysées, le quartier de la défense, Les tuileries ...  Appartement de 2 pièces, confortablement aménagé pour recevoir 4 personnes. Chambre spacieuse sur cour avec 1 lit de 160cm/200cm.  Kitchene
27855	I rent a typically Parisian apartment located in the center of Paris in Bastille district near all the most attractive sites (Bastille, Le Marais, Place des Voges, Ile Saint-Louis). The appartement is 28square meter with 2 bed rooms, newly decorated, with a view on a flowery courtyard at the 2nd floor of a small typical building of the Bastille area. The apartment has a small entrance, a bathroom with shower and toilets. The first room is the living room with a new double sofa bed (140 X 200), a new table with four chairs and a new flat screen TV (1m). The second room has a double bed (140 X 200) and 2 wardrobes/closets and 1 chest of drawers. The kitchen has been newly decorated and is fully equiped with a refrigerator, 2 electric plates, combined microwave/oven, a toaster and a coffee machine) Bed linens, towels and free internet are freely supplied.  Bastille district is one of the most central, trendy and livened up district in Paris. The apartment is located between La Roquette st	Nice little apartment of 28m2 in full district of the Bastille known for its, restaurants, bars and trendy shops. An ideal place to discover Paris: the island Saint-Louis,la place des Vosges and the Marais are only in a few minutes in feet. I rent a typically Parisian apartment located in the center of Paris in Bastille district near all the most attractive sites (Bastille, Le Marais, Place des Voges, Ile Saint-Louis). The appartement is 28square meter with 2 bed rooms, newly decorated, with a view on a flowery courtyard at the 2nd floor of a small typical building of the Bastille area. The apartment has a small entrance, a bathroom with shower and toilets. The first room is the living room with a new double sofa bed (140 X 200), a new table with four chairs and a new flat screen TV (1m). The second room has a double bed (140 X 200) and 2 wardrobes/closets and 1 chest of drawers. The kitchen has been newly decorated and is fully equiped with a refrigerator, 2 electric plates, combined 
27856	Loft on the last 2 floors in a 4 floors building.        The apartment has the exceptional advantage in Paris to be very sunny (crossing North/South) and quiet (in a traficless alley).        It was completely refurbished 1 year ago in a personal style between the New York loft (brick and iron beams), design with stainless steel, wooden floor and furniture in exotic wood and Parisian old style with its oak beams and the attic under the roof.        At the lower level  : a large main room including a living and a dining space, a kitchen (lacquered white furniture) fully equipped, a laundry room and a WC. The upper level includes a bathroom with Italian shower, a large office space, a WC and 2 bedrooms. One of them is the guest room in which you will be settled. The bed has here a latex 140cm mattress including a confortable mattress overlay.      The apartment is always tidy for I am a very orderly person. It contains 2 large TVs.       It's located between the place de La Bastille and 	Loft on the last 2 floors in a 4 floors building.        The apartment has the exceptional advantage in Paris to be very sunny (crossing North/South) and quiet (in a traficless alley).        It was completely refurbished 1 year ago in a personal style between the New York loft (brick and iron beams), design with stainless steel, wooden floor and furniture in exotic wood and Parisian old style with its oak beams and the attic under the roof.        At the lower level  : a large main room including a living and a dining space, a kitchen (lacquered white furniture) fully equipped, a laundry room and a WC. The upper level includes a bathroom with Italian shower, a large office space, a WC and 2 bedrooms. One of them is the guest room in which you will be settled. The bed has here a latex 140cm mattress including a confortable mattress overlay.      The apartment is always tidy for I am a very orderly person. It contains 2 large TVs.       It's located between the place de La Bastille and 
27857	Appartement de 50m2, situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur et concierge. Votre chambre donne sur un petit balcon avec possibilité de manger dessus.	Vous souhaitez découvrir Paris en logeant dans un appartement dans un quartier sympa ? Vous êtes au bon endroit ! Paris 11ème, quartier vivant, à 10 minutes à pied du mythique quartier Bastille, Hôtel de ville, Oberkampf, place des Vosges... Appartement de 50m2, situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur et concierge. Votre chambre donne sur un petit balcon avec possibilité de manger dessus. Notre appartement est le votre...  Vous aurez accès à la cuisine, frigo pour ranger vos courses, salle de bain. Nous vous laisserons vivre à votre rythme, le principal est que vous vous sentez bien! Bien entendu, nous pourrons vous communiquer les bons plans, informations touristiques etc...pour que votre séjour parisien se déroule pour le mieux. Vous trouverez un grand choix de restauration à proximité : restaurants espagnols, thaïlandais, mexicains, italiens, brasseries, petits troquets parisiens etc... Si vous voulez poursuivre dans la nuit, quartier oberkampf, Bastille, République à 10 minutes à pied a
27858	The salon-bedroom:  25m2 with comfortable & large sofa-beds. Baby-bed is at your disposal if needed. Wifi, TV, Hi-Fi, CD/DVD ROM. 	"APPARTMENT TO SHARE (100M2) Ideal for family:  COUPLE WITH CHILD AND BABY or 3 adults. The salon-bedroom:  25m2 with comfortable & large sofa-beds. Baby-bed is at your disposal if needed. Wifi, TV, Hi-Fi, CD/DVD ROM. PRIVATE GARDEN-TERRACE PRIVATE BAHTROOM You can use the kitchen to prepare your breakfasts. Peace & quiet in a lively and safe area. You will find EVERYTHING YOU SHALL NEED within 2 minutes walk from home. Close to La Bastille (10mn walk) and the historic district called ""Le Marais"": Victor Hugo House, Picasso and Carnavalet museum, bars, cafés terrasses, restaurants, night-clubs, etc.. 2-3 minutes walk to metro Voltaire (Line 9). Metro lines: 1, 2, 3 (Bastille, Père-Lachaise, Saint-Maur), 5 to 10 minutes max. Facilities: Towels, bed-linen, iron, hair-dryer. Refrigerator, kettle, toaster, microwave. Wifi, TV,"
27859	A l'angle de l'avenue Parmentier et de la rue de la Fontaine au Roi, au fond d’un passage arboré et sécurisé, très beau loft atypique avec verrière d’une surface de 252m² carrez sur deux niveaux avec terrasse de 20m².  Il se compose d’une grande entrée, salon/salle à manger, cuisine dinatoire équipée donnant sur la terrasse, chambre avec salle de bains privée (douche + baignoire, double lavabos, wc), wc, dressing.  Deuxième niveau, 3 chambres, salle de bains, wc, salon télévision donnant sur un grand patio. Moderne, lumineux, très calme. Proche de toutes commodités.	Très belle chambre avec salle de bain privée  dans un très beau loft atypique avec verrière d’une surface de 253m² sur deux niveaux avec terrasse de 20m². ***  Beautiful room with private bathroom (shower + bath) in an amazing and atypic loft of 252m2 with a verriere, 2 floors and 20m2 terrace A l'angle de l'avenue Parmentier et de la rue de la Fontaine au Roi, au fond d’un passage arboré et sécurisé, très beau loft atypique avec verrière d’une surface de 252m² carrez sur deux niveaux avec terrasse de 20m².  Il se compose d’une grande entrée, salon/salle à manger, cuisine dinatoire équipée donnant sur la terrasse, chambre avec salle de bains privée (douche + baignoire, double lavabos, wc), wc, dressing.  Deuxième niveau, 3 chambres, salle de bains, wc, salon télévision donnant sur un grand patio. Moderne, lumineux, très calme. Proche de toutes commodités. Toutes les parties communes du loft (entrée, salons, cuisine, terrasse et patio) sont accessibles en plus de votre espace privé. ***
27860	A charming studio perfect to come back to after a busy day in Paris. You have: - A very comfortable double bed. There is also a possibilite for a third person with an extra madrass (if we re-arrange the room, however it's recommended for only two people to stay in this apartment) - An equipped kitchenette with stoves, pans, micro wave etc.. - Shower in the studio - Toilet in the hallway, shared with other tenants (cleaned, together with the rest of the buildning, once a week) - Radiator, off course, for the colder winter months.. - On the second floor (no elevator)	Located in Bastille, one of the trendy parts of Paris. You can easily spend your entire stay within this quartier! A charming studio perfect to come back to after a busy day in Paris. You have: - A very comfortable double bed. There is also a possibilite for a third person with an extra madrass (if we re-arrange the room, however it's recommended for only two people to stay in this apartment) - An equipped kitchenette with stoves, pans, micro wave etc.. - Shower in the studio - Toilet in the hallway, shared with other tenants (cleaned, together with the rest of the buildning, once a week) - Radiator, off course, for the colder winter months.. - On the second floor (no elevator) High speed wifi I have one year experience working as receptionist in Paris, and am therefore used to all sorts of questions about the city. I will take my time for every guest to make sure he/ she feels welcome and ready to see Paris! The best part about staying in this studio.. is seeing the surroundings! It i
27861	Hello dear guests, I rent a cosy  room overlooking the courtyard, quiet and bright.  The bed for 2 persons is particularly appreciated. I provide towels and sheets. The apartment (65m²) is located in the Marais Republic. Internet, piano, wooden floorboard, lift, lots of charm. The neighborhood is very lively : shops, restaurants, museums, art galleries, theaters. Metro : République / Filles du Calvaire / Oberkampf. At Republic station, you have many subway lines. Monday to Friday, you can come home from 5:30 p.m..  The weekend at the time of your choice. I am at your disposal to make your stay enjoyable. See you soon ! Elisa 	Typically Parisian  and comfortable apartment Cozy bedroom.  Enjoy the quiet, the use of the kitchen, full breakfast and easy acces to the center of Paris. Hello dear guests, I rent a cosy  room overlooking the courtyard, quiet and bright.  The bed for 2 persons is particularly appreciated. I provide towels and sheets. The apartment (65m²) is located in the Marais Republic. Internet, piano, wooden floorboard, lift, lots of charm. The neighborhood is very lively : shops, restaurants, museums, art galleries, theaters. Metro : République / Filles du Calvaire / Oberkampf. At Republic station, you have many subway lines. Monday to Friday, you can come home from 5:30 p.m..  The weekend at the time of your choice. I am at your disposal to make your stay enjoyable. See you soon ! Elisa RER from Airport CDG to Gare du Nord. Than Metro until République.   Bus 20 and 65 in front of the building (Jean-Pierre Timbault) and 2 terminals Vélib. Usually I am at home in the evening.  Charm of old Paris 
27862	Chambre avec mezzanine à lit double et bureau, et séjour avec canapé-lit deux places .	Appartement 2 pièces 27m², 2x2 couchages, refait à neuf 2008, très lumineux, entre le cimetière Père Lachaise et Bastille.  Tout confort: cuisinière vitrocéram., four, micro-onde, LV, LL-SL, congélateur, Freebox. Métro l. 2, 3 et 9, bus 61, 69, 46. Au mois de septembre, j'occupe la chambre, seul la pièce avec canapé-lit est à louer. Chambre avec mezzanine à lit double et bureau, et séjour avec canapé-lit deux places .
27863		Grande chambre dans appartement situé près de la place de la République, appartement partagé bien fourni, propre et grand.
27864	This lovely appartment  is located between Goncourt and Parmentier.  The flat is 2 minutes from Republique, 10 minutes from Chatelet. Around this lovely place you will find a lot of restaurants, pub... This apartment is 16 square meter: Kitchen (everything for cooking), Bathroom (Shower), Code Door, Television Well located, walking distance from Oberkampf and Republique. Attractive area. Great transport service, with two metro lines (11 and 3) and bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris. 	Très beau studio au coeur de Paris: - 16 m2 - exposition Sud - cuisine équipé: four, micro-onde, plaques vitro - salle de bain à part avec douche - télévision avec TNT - Lit simple ou double -digicodes Quartier: Oberkampf/République/Goncourt This lovely appartment  is located between Goncourt and Parmentier.  The flat is 2 minutes from Republique, 10 minutes from Chatelet. Around this lovely place you will find a lot of restaurants, pub... This apartment is 16 square meter: Kitchen (everything for cooking), Bathroom (Shower), Code Door, Television Well located, walking distance from Oberkampf and Republique. Attractive area. Great transport service, with two metro lines (11 and 3) and bus stops within 5 minutes walk, connecting you to many places in Paris. 
27865	Charme de l'ancien avec parquet et cheminée. L'immeuble est un ancien bureau d'Octroi du XVIIIème siècle. Un espace chambre avec un bureau, un lit double et une penderie. Un espace salon avec un canapé lit. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaque de cuisson, four, frigidaire, lave linge. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche, les wc sont séparés. Idéal pour un couple avec deux enfants. Au deuxième étage d'une rue très calme, l'appartement est lumineux. Il est situé entre Père Lachaise et Nation. Toutes les commodités sont à proximités, restaurants, cafés, bar à vin, aliments biologiques, super marché et un marché extérieur deux fois par semaine à 2mn à pied. EN TRANSPORT EN COMMUN: 15 minutes de la Bastille et du Marais. 20 minutes de Montmartre, Pigalle.  25 minutes du Louvre et Notre-Dame. 30 minutes des Champs Elysées. 35min de Euro Disney A 20min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle Le Bus 76 vous amène à: Place de la Bastille, Le Marais, Châtelet, Musée du Louvre. Bus 26 vou	Charme de l'ancien avec parquet et cheminée. L'immeuble est un ancien bureau d'Octroi du XVIIIème siècle. Un espace chambre avec un bureau, un lit double et une penderie. Un espace salon avec un canapé lit. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec plaque de cuisson, four, frigidaire, lave linge. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche, les wc sont séparés. Idéal pour un couple avec deux enfants. Au deuxième étage d'une rue très calme, l'appartement est lumineux. Il est situé entre Père Lachaise et Nation. Toutes les commodités sont à proximités, restaurants, cafés, bar à vin, aliments biologiques, super marché et un marché extérieur deux fois par semaine à 2mn à pied. EN TRANSPORT EN COMMUN: 15 minutes de la Bastille et du Marais. 20 minutes de Montmartre, Pigalle.  25 minutes du Louvre et Notre-Dame. 30 minutes des Champs Elysées. 35min de Euro Disney A 20min de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle Le Bus 76 vous amène à: Place de la Bastille, Le Marais, Châtelet, Musée du Louvre. Bus 26 vou
27866	Bienvenue,  Nous sommes deux colocataires Cédric et Priscilla qui mettons à votre disposition une chambre de 15m² dans un appartement de 85 m², au 6e étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble très calme situé dans Paris quartier Nation.  C'est une chambre très silencieuse, pour deux personnes avec un lit double (160 x 200 cm), une armoire, un rangement pour chaussures, un bureau.  La salle de bain est partagée avec Priscilla, il y a une machine à laver et une baignoire.  Dans l'appartement vous aurez accès à:  Cuisine commune avec frigo, congélateur, four, micro-onde, matériels pour cuisiner, etc...  Un salon avec télévision, canapé, une table basse, une table à manger, un téléphone donnant accès aux appels en illimité dans certains pays du monde et partout en France.  Dans tout l'appartement un accès illimité à internet.  Priscilla propose ses services de guide de temps à temps.  Nous sommes dans un quartier populaire, avec beaucoup de bars et de restaurants, et aucun problèmes de sécurité	Bienvenue,  Nous sommes deux colocataires Cédric et Priscilla qui mettons à votre disposition une chambre de 15m² dans un appartement de 85 m², au 6e étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble très calme situé dans Paris quartier Nation.  C'est une chambre très silencieuse, pour deux personnes avec un lit double (160 x 200 cm), une armoire, un rangement pour chaussures, un bureau.  La salle de bain est partagée avec Priscilla, il y a une machine à laver et une baignoire.  Dans l'appartement vous aurez accès à:  Cuisine commune avec frigo, congélateur, four, micro-onde, matériels pour cuisiner, etc...  Un salon avec télévision, canapé, une table basse, une table à manger, un téléphone donnant accès aux appels en illimité dans certains pays du monde et partout en France.  Dans tout l'appartement un accès illimité à internet.  Priscilla propose ses services de guide de temps à temps.  Nous sommes dans un quartier populaire, avec beaucoup de bars et de restaurants, et aucun problèmes de sécurité
27867	Typical parisian apartment with wooden parquet flooring. This is a 2-room, 30 square meters apartment, with a small kitchen, a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. Perfect for a weekend or a week in Paris for one or two people. Very bright and equipped with blackout curtains in the room for a good sleep, you will feel great. A friendly neighborhood where Parisians like to live. There are small shops and a market on Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday where you will find very good fresh seasonal products. The metro line 2 is 5 min away from the building, a convenient way to visit the district of Pigalle and Montmartre.  Line 9 if you want to go shopping at the Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, visit the Opera and the Eiffel Tower etc ... Everything is nearby! Kitchen, Nespresso, TV, Internet access, washing machine, Walks to Lachaise Fathers, small restaurants of Rue de Charonne, market, M2 station Alexandre Dumas M9 of Boulets Street station Bus 76 stop Charonne Bagnolet 	2 bedrooms apartment ideally located for visiting Paris, close to the Père Lachaise, functional and cosy. Typical parisian apartment with wooden parquet flooring. This is a 2-room, 30 square meters apartment, with a small kitchen, a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. Perfect for a weekend or a week in Paris for one or two people. Very bright and equipped with blackout curtains in the room for a good sleep, you will feel great. A friendly neighborhood where Parisians like to live. There are small shops and a market on Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday where you will find very good fresh seasonal products. The metro line 2 is 5 min away from the building, a convenient way to visit the district of Pigalle and Montmartre.  Line 9 if you want to go shopping at the Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, visit the Opera and the Eiffel Tower etc ... Everything is nearby! Kitchen, Nespresso, TV, Internet access, washing machine, Walks to Lachaise Fathers, small restaurants of Rue de Charo
27868		"Hi,  This studio is simply furnished: *For the living room section: a sofa, a coffee table and a 155"" Smart TV *For the bedroom section: a 140 cm by 190 cm futon There's a small kitchen and a bathroom with a hot tub "
27869		Une chambre dans un trois pièces à 5 mins de nation et de reuilly diderot. Très bien placé et confortable.
27870	Dans une rue tranquille, logement au calme (situé au rez de chaussée sur cour -pas sur rue) , dans un quartier vivant (commerces, restaurants et bars à proximité)  et idéalement desservi.  	Idéal pour découvrir Paris en couple. Deux stations de métro à moins de 5 minutes à pieds, Rue des boulets et Charonne, vous serez n'importe où dans Paris en un rien de temps. Nation et Bastille sont à quelques minutes à pieds (10 min) Dans une rue tranquille, logement au calme (situé au rez de chaussée sur cour -pas sur rue) , dans un quartier vivant (commerces, restaurants et bars à proximité)  et idéalement desservi. L9 : Rue des boulets/ Charonne  Nation ( RER A, L1, L2 ,L6 ) à 10 minutes à pied  Deux stations de vélo ( Vélib) à 2 minutes de l'immeuble.  Je reste à la disposition des voyageurs pour toute information Le quartier de Nation et sa très belle place, offre de nombreux commerces et restaurants de qualités à l esprit parisien. Un marché s'y tient deux fois par semaine.  Le quartier de Bastille, riche en histoire, se caractérise aussi et surtout par son coté vivant et animé. Le magnifique Opéra Bastille vaut le détour.  L9 : Rue des boulets/ Charonne  Nation ( RER A, L1, L2
27871	Logement non fumeur Animaux de compagnie acceptés. (Pour les personnes allergiques : une chienne vit dans l'appartement le reste de l'année) Profiter de l'espace vert dans la cour intérieure sans importuner le voisinage. Barbecue électrique à disposition mais attention, il faut le nettoyer ! Pensez à fermer porte et fenêtres en partant car nous sommes au RDC	C'est comme une petite maison dans Paris avec transat et espace vert dans la cour qui donne accès à la pièce à vivre où vous voyagerez en Afrique puis le petit escalier vous mène à la chambre de ce petit duplex avec mur en pierre et poutre apparentes Logement non fumeur Animaux de compagnie acceptés. (Pour les personnes allergiques : une chienne vit dans l'appartement le reste de l'année) Profiter de l'espace vert dans la cour intérieure sans importuner le voisinage. Barbecue électrique à disposition mais attention, il faut le nettoyer ! Pensez à fermer porte et fenêtres en partant car nous sommes au RDC - Accès à tout l'espace du séjour y compris les placards  - Accès à la chambre à tous les rangements sauf le dressing  - Accès au coffre extérieur - Accès à la salle d'eau et à ses rangements - Aide à distance par téléphone ou email - Intervention possible d'amis en cas de besoin Nous habitons au coeur du quartier Faidherbe-Chaligny, à 10min de la place de la Bastille. C'est un quartie
27872	We have a full spacious kitchen and a large fridge so if you like to cook, this is great for you. But it's also great for those who want to save some money on food by hitting the farmers markets to get your fresh French products for breakfast & lunch. We also have a full spacious bathroom (easily accommodates 2 people at a time) & washing machine (detergent is under the sink) if you're on a longer trip and would like to clean your clothes (the drying rack is in the closet in the bedroom). We provide clean towels & bed linens.  The bed in the bedroom is queen sized & the couch in the living room unfolds. Extra bed linens & extra pillows are stored in the couch compartment. the front of the apartment gets good light and the black out shades & double insulated windows keep out all the noise and light to provide a good sleep.	Experience the real Paris... all the charms of Paris without the high prices of the touristy areas. Lots of shopping, fresh markets, restaurants. Six metro lines are 5-10 minutes walking and provide access to all attractions within 10-40 minutes door-to-door: - Bastille, Le Marais, Republique, Montmartre, Notre Dame, Chatelet/ Pompidou, Mussee de Louvre/d'orsay, Invalides, Eiffell Tower The alternative: The Best Western hotel next door rents rooms for over 200 euros a night. We have a full spacious kitchen and a large fridge so if you like to cook, this is great for you. But it's also great for those who want to save some money on food by hitting the farmers markets to get your fresh French products for breakfast & lunch. We also have a full spacious bathroom (easily accommodates 2 people at a time) & washing machine (detergent is under the sink) if you're on a longer trip and would like to clean your clothes (the drying rack is in the closet in the bedroom). We provide clean towels & 
27873		My studio is located in of the most Beautiful Green Passages of Paris... Full of plants , very quiet , this apartment is comfortable and perfect for a romantic couple.  It has been renovated a year ago and has all you need for a week holidays. IMPORTANT NOTE : I ll will ask for 30e cleaning at the check in , thank you
27874	Charming loft situated in the Oberkampf district (Paris 11) in a Parisian style building. 1st floor on a calm yard. The suit has a real queen size bed, as long as its own dressing and bathroom (shower, toilets) Clean towels and bed sheets provided You will also have access to the living room and cooking facilities High speed internet connection	We (Emir, Marc and Raphaël) would be happy to host you in our 1200sq ft parisian loft, located in one of the most attractive neighborhood in Paris, the 11th district! Come to experience the real parisian life by sharing unforgettable moments with us! Charming loft situated in the Oberkampf district (Paris 11) in a Parisian style building. 1st floor on a calm yard. The suit has a real queen size bed, as long as its own dressing and bathroom (shower, toilets) Clean towels and bed sheets provided You will also have access to the living room and cooking facilities High speed internet connection Subway  - Line 3, stop Rue St Maur (1 min walk) - Line 2, stop Ménilmontant (5 min walk) You will share the apartment with two lovely parisian guys in their mid-20s who know everything about Paris' best places Oberkampf and Ménilmontant will bring you everything you can expect from a trip in Paris :  food markets, lovely shops, and a vibrant nightlife -15 min walk to République, Le Marais, Bastille 
27875	Charmant studio heart of Paris This tiny place will be your favorite spot in Paris, to reach all the main historic monuments and view area, and you will be in the beating heart of Paris,  restaurants, bars all around in the most animated area of Paris, the famous and always animated rue Oberkampf, Place de la République, juste renew and now become the new meeting point of all Parisian youthness, within 5 minutes distant walking, 15 minutes to the Marais and all the fashion shops	Charmant studio heart of Paris This tiny place will be your favorite spot in Paris, to reach all the main historic monuments and view areas. You will be in the beating heart of Paris,  restaurants, bars around in the most animated area of the City Charmant studio heart of Paris This tiny place will be your favorite spot in Paris, to reach all the main historic monuments and view area, and you will be in the beating heart of Paris,  restaurants, bars all around in the most animated area of Paris, the famous and always animated rue Oberkampf, Place de la République, juste renew and now become the new meeting point of all Parisian youthness, within 5 minutes distant walking, 15 minutes to the Marais and all the fashion shops The place is tiny but comfortable, a just new two person bed, a small kitchen corner, with fridge, electric cooktop and a coffee machine. A bathroom with a modern shower and toilets. You have 4 different subway stations within walking distance and almost all lines of 
27876	Located in the heart of Bastille, in a typical parisian street plenty of restaurant and clubs. Extremely quiet during the day, very dynamic at night; one of the best spots in the parisians nights.  Near from Place des Vosges , just behind Place de la Bastille and the Opera de Paris.  100 meters from Bastille subway station.  All kind of facilities, restaurants and shops whithin 300 meters. The apartment has been recently renovated and it has the typical old parisian floor (tomettes) and wooden beams (colombage).  It has been furnished with a modern design touch. The living room is a big open space with a large fully equipped kitchen (everything you need for cooking and eating, dishwasher, mashing-mashing, owen) with a counter in front of it (ideal for a quick breakfast) and a table with four chairs.  There's an extremely confortable sofabed and a corner with the library and another sofa. The bathroom is vividly colour in the style of the rest of the apartment. The bedroom is pretty lar	Located in the heart of Bastille, in a typical parisian street plenty of restaurant and clubs. Extremely quiet during the day, very dynamic at night; one of the best spots in the parisians nights.  Near from Place des Vosges , just behind Place de la Bastille and the Opera de Paris.  100 meters from Bastille subway station.  All kind of facilities, restaurants and shops whithin 300 meters. The apartment has been recently renovated and it has the typical old parisian floor (tomettes) and wooden beams (colombage).  It has been furnished with a modern design touch. The living room is a big open space with a large fully equipped kitchen (everything you need for cooking and eating, dishwasher, mashing-mashing, owen) with a counter in front of it (ideal for a quick breakfast) and a table with four chairs.  There's an extremely confortable sofabed and a corner with the library and another sofa. The bathroom is vividly colour in the style of the rest of the apartment. The bedroom is pretty lar
27877	Charmant 2 pièces dans le quartier vivant de Charonne (11ème), réputé pour ses artistes et artisans, ses bistrots, ses restaurants et ses cavistes, ainsi que ses bars branchés et dansants de la fameuse rue de Lappe à proximité de la place de la Bastille (à 15mn à pied). Nombreux commerces également dans la non moins connue rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine avec son célèbre marché d'Aligre, apprécié pour ses produits frais et gastronomiques du terroir (à 10mn à pied).  Villégiature idéale pour une semaine romantique à la découverte de notre belle capitale ! Possibilité d'accès rapide au coeur de Paris grâce : au métro à 2 mn de marche de l'immeuble, à la station RER Nation à 10mn , à la gare de Lyon à 15 mn. Appartement cosy situé dans une rue calme comprenant une chambre avec lit double et rangements, un salon (cuisine américaine) avec canapé convertible et table basse pouvant être réhausser, une salle de bains avec douche et machine à laver et un WC séparé. Grandes baies vitrées double vi	Charmant 2 pièces dans le quartier vivant de Charonne (11ème), réputé pour ses artistes et artisans, ses bistrots, ses restaurants et ses cavistes, ainsi que ses bars branchés et dansants de la fameuse rue de Lappe à proximité de la place de la Bastille (à 15mn à pied). Nombreux commerces également dans la non moins connue rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine avec son célèbre marché d'Aligre, apprécié pour ses produits frais et gastronomiques du terroir (à 10mn à pied).  Villégiature idéale pour une semaine romantique à la découverte de notre belle capitale ! Possibilité d'accès rapide au coeur de Paris grâce : au métro à 2 mn de marche de l'immeuble, à la station RER Nation à 10mn , à la gare de Lyon à 15 mn. Appartement cosy situé dans une rue calme comprenant une chambre avec lit double et rangements, un salon (cuisine américaine) avec canapé convertible et table basse pouvant être réhausser, une salle de bains avec douche et machine à laver et un WC séparé. Grandes baies vitrées double vi
27878	This nice flat with wooden beams and ceiling four meters high under the roof offers a very sunny livingroom (with full equiped American kitchen) plus a mezzanine, and a bedroom. You can come to 5 people. There is a baby cot and a small cot available. Beside the living room is the bedroom very quiet. In it, is a bed for two persons and one extra floor if necessary, a small table and cupboards. The mezzanine have a comfortable double bed. The bathroom consists of a sink, mirror, mini tub. Giving to one side, a courtyard with trees, so you can enjoy the very attractive historic district of Paris while enjoying a tastefully decorated interior. I am happy to welcome you and hope that this place will participate in the quality of your stay. Nathalie. 	    Hello! Beautiful apartment with ceiling beams and four meters high under the wooden roof has a very sunny living - equipped kitchen a-loft (double bed) and a quiet room (one double bed and one more if you wish!). Welcome to you! Nathalie    This nice flat with wooden beams and ceiling four meters high under the roof offers a very sunny livingroom (with full equiped American kitchen) plus a mezzanine, and a bedroom. You can come to 5 people. There is a baby cot and a small cot available. Beside the living room is the bedroom very quiet. In it, is a bed for two persons and one extra floor if necessary, a small table and cupboards. The mezzanine have a comfortable double bed. The bathroom consists of a sink, mirror, mini tub. Giving to one side, a courtyard with trees, so you can enjoy the very attractive historic district of Paris while enjoying a tastefully decorated interior. I am happy to welcome you and hope that this place will participate in the quality of your stay. Nathalie. 
27879		Deux pièces lumineux et accueillant , cuisine équipée.  Idéal pour deux personnes Vue dégagée, balcon filant, exposé sud/sud-ouest. Tous les transports a vos pieds : métro, RER, bus , vélib et autolib vous aurez accès a tous les produits de première nécessité dans la cuisine et la salle de bain. Nation - Bastille est un quartier vivant. Bars, restaurants, marchés, accès immédiat par les transports à tout Paris. metro ligne 1, 2, 6 et 9 RER A, bus 57,86,26 velib et Autolib
27880	Our apartment is a loft on two floors. On the first floor, there are the living room, the kitchen, the desk and the toilets. On the second floor, the bedroom, the dressing and the bathroom open on the room. In the living room, there is a big sofa bed that allows two more people in to sleep. The kitchen is open on the living room that allows discussing with the guests with making dinner. It is very enjoyable and functional. We have plants on the edge of the windows to grow herbs to cook.  The bedroom under the roof makes the space very cosy. The big window over the bed lets the sun comes in the morning and at night we can see the stars. The big shower is equipped with an italian system. There are heaters and a fan for summer and winter.	A 50 m2 loft in a charming quiet and paved historical cour near Bastille. Close to numerous restaurants, bars and shops. Luminous apartment for 4 people, with WiFi. Metro Ledru Rollin at one minute and Bastille at 3 minutes. Our apartment is a loft on two floors. On the first floor, there are the living room, the kitchen, the desk and the toilets. On the second floor, the bedroom, the dressing and the bathroom open on the room. In the living room, there is a big sofa bed that allows two more people in to sleep. The kitchen is open on the living room that allows discussing with the guests with making dinner. It is very enjoyable and functional. We have plants on the edge of the windows to grow herbs to cook.  The bedroom under the roof makes the space very cosy. The big window over the bed lets the sun comes in the morning and at night we can see the stars. The big shower is equipped with an italian system. There are heaters and a fan for summer and winter. The full apartment is availab
27881	Very well located, 5 minutes walk to Père Lachaise, 10 min to Bastille. Metro line 9 is at 100m and 2 at 200m. Very bright and quiet, you'll enjoy the balcony. There's a bed going up to the ceiling and a convertible one. There's a small kitchen and a small bathroom with toilets and shower. The appartment is on the last floor, so it's bright and quiet but there's 6 floors without elevator. There's internet, a coffee machine, a toaster, a washing machine, good speakers that you can use, and everything you need to live :)	Hi ! Need a place to stay during your visit of Paris ? This appartment is very well located, 5 minutes walking of Père Lachaise, 10 min of Bastille and 15 of republique Very well located, 5 minutes walk to Père Lachaise, 10 min to Bastille. Metro line 9 is at 100m and 2 at 200m. Very bright and quiet, you'll enjoy the balcony. There's a bed going up to the ceiling and a convertible one. There's a small kitchen and a small bathroom with toilets and shower. The appartment is on the last floor, so it's bright and quiet but there's 6 floors without elevator. There's internet, a coffee machine, a toaster, a washing machine, good speakers that you can use, and everything you need to live :) 5 minutes walk to Père Lachaise, 10 min to Bastille, 15 min to Republique, 15 min to Nation, 20 min to Le Marais. Metro Line 9 at 100m, line 2 at 300m. All others line are rechable very easily from those 2. Very lively neighborhood, many shops, bars, and restaurant. Anything you need when you go out ! You
27882	36m2 apartment perfect for couple. possible extra for 2 (couch). if necessary baby bed and baby trolley available. Idealy located. Served by several metro lines. Kitchen with table for 4, equipped with one wash dishes(crockery), washing machine, gas cooker, oven, microwave. Very bright room with balcony exposed to the sun all day, vue on a private and quiet garden. Connection internet, flat screen, 600 TV channels, playstation. The district is very nice in the daytime and at night. Restaurants and shopping for all the tastes.	"36m2 apartment perfect for couple. possible extra for 2 (couch). if necessary baby bed and baby trolley available. Idealy located. Served by several metro lines. Kitchen with table for 4, equipped with one wash dishes(crockery), washing machine, gas cooker, oven, microwave. Very bright room with balcony exposed to the sun all day, vue on a private and quiet garden. Connection internet, flat screen, 600 TV channels, playstation. The district is very nice in the daytime and at night. Restaurants and shopping for all the tastes. Apartment proposed with all the necessary conveniences Typically Parisian district. Supermarket situated at the foot of the building. Grocer's shop opened all night long. ""Marché"" typically Parisian in 2 minutes of the house every Wednesday and Saturday. The famous cemetery Père Lachaise in 2 steps. Numerous secondhand trades. 10mn from Bois de Vincennes. Metro Nation, Alexandre Dumas, Charonne: Lignes 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A. Bus (phone number hidden)"
27883	This confortable flat is located in the 11th district, in front of the St Ambroise Church. The neighborhood is peacefull and safe. There are several shops and supermarkets within few minutes walk. Several open air markets also take place several times a week in the area.  It is located in a modern building with elevator, digicode and a caretaker. It’s safe and secure. The front doors of the building are equipped with safety locks and the door of the flat is reinforced. There is an intercom with video screen inside the flat. It is just few seconds away from the metro station St Ambroise. There are also 2 other metro stations within 5 minutes walk. So you have 3 different metro lines nearby. (lines 9, 3 and 5) There is also a public bike station and a bus line right in front of the church. It’s a flat of 45m² (484 feet²) + balconny. It is very well isolated with double glass windows. The kitchen is equipped with 2 electric rings, mini oven, toaster, kettle, microwave, expresso machine, f	This confortable flat is located in the 11th district, in front of the St Ambroise Church. The neighborhood is peacefull and safe. There are several shops and supermarkets within few minutes walk. Several open air markets also take place several times a week in the area.  It is located in a modern building with elevator, digicode and a caretaker. It’s safe and secure. The front doors of the building are equipped with safety locks and the door of the flat is reinforced. There is an intercom with video screen inside the flat. It is just few seconds away from the metro station St Ambroise. There are also 2 other metro stations within 5 minutes walk. So you have 3 different metro lines nearby. (lines 9, 3 and 5) There is also a public bike station and a bus line right in front of the church. It’s a flat of 45m² (484 feet²) + balconny. It is very well isolated with double glass windows. The kitchen is equipped with 2 electric rings, mini oven, toaster, kettle, microwave, expresso machine, f
27884		Deux pièces de style, décoré avec goût avec le charme de l'ancien, par architecte d'intérieur, dans le quartier Bastille - Vosges. Le quartier reste animé en bas mais situé au 6ème étage, sur cour, et avec ascenseur, le logement, lui, est au calme.
27885	"Mon appartement est agréable à vivre et lumineux. Une entrée ""en étoile"" dessert toutes les pièces. Il comporte une grande chambre calme, qui donne sur le salon, séparée par une cloison amovible. Un canapé lit confortable peut accueillir deux personnes supplémentaires. Je peux mettre à la disposition de jeunes parents, un lit parapluie et une chaise haute."	"Mon flat peut accueillir 2 pers. Il est calme, propre, lumineux, bien décoré et fonctionnel; dans une petite copropriété agréable et fleurie. A deux pas des restos/cafés et du quartier trendy de Faidherbe. Bien situé dans Paris-métro-RER proches. Mon appartement est agréable à vivre et lumineux. Une entrée ""en étoile"" dessert toutes les pièces. Il comporte une grande chambre calme, qui donne sur le salon, séparée par une cloison amovible. Un canapé lit confortable peut accueillir deux personnes supplémentaires. Je peux mettre à la disposition de jeunes parents, un lit parapluie et une chaise haute. Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine, la sdb, le salon, salle à manger, l'entrée, les we et la chambre, le dressing. J'accueille les voyageurs et leur donne toutes les informations dont ils ont besoin ainsi que les bonnes adresses. Je suis à leur disposition pour que leur séjour soit réussi et agréable. Mon quartier est vivant et familiale. Il y a de nombreux cafés et bons restaurants dans l"
27886		Deux pièces de 30 m2 au coeur de Paris . Quartier commerçant et animé  mais calme et familial. Dernier étage - ascenseur !- et  trois balconnets plein sud, vue très dégagée. Tout simple, mais beaucoup de charme ! 5 nuits min. à partir du 20 juillet.
27887	This is a functioning artist atelier. We paint, draw and sculpt. The walls will have circulating current work. 40m2. No smoking inside. 	    At 700m from Pere Lachaise Cemetery, between Bastille, Republique, the Marais. A few meters from the metro (9) and the bus (61,69). Our Artist atelier is in a Haussmannian building within a interior courtyard. Very quite, with a large garden.    This is a functioning artist atelier. We paint, draw and sculpt. The walls will have circulating current work. 40m2. No smoking inside.  The door, the bed, the toilet, the left walls (not the right ones, off limits sorry, not sorry), various utensils for eating/cooking/cleaning (please feel inspired). Books, some in English, Russian, Italian, Hebrew, Latin, Ancient Greek, but most in French (most are actually just pictures). We won't look at you if you don't look at us. We meet only at night. you drop the envelope at a designated trash can and we will slip the keys with precise self-destructing instructions. ( due to all the messages : it s a joke ) This place is pretty cool, lots of rad old french ladies. Calm, weird but harmless homeless 
27888	Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris close to the most famous touristic places Fully renovated !  - Ideal for 2 person´s  - It is 2715 p2 and consists of:  - A 16 sq. meters hardwood floor living room with a real comfortable double sofa bed (with BULTEX mattress 160cm x 200cm.) Linens are included - Large clothes closet  - An open, fully equipped kitchen, necessary dishes and pots for cooking, electric cookers, fridge, washing machin… - A real bathroom with shower. Towels are included - Also high speed Internet WI-FI -1 Flat screen TV with international channel and radio - Full renovation in september 2014 Everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris - Place : Paris (postal code: 75011)  - Top Floor (5), Courtyard view, very quiet, Bright - Ideal situation: In a famous historical street - Very lively area close to all commodities, cinema, shops: French typical food, bakery, tourist places...  - Metro (ligne 1, 2, 6 and 9) and RER A : Nation Station at 50 meters 10 minutes t	Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris Fully renovated, very confortable!  Shower, real, large and confortable BULTEX sofa bed Very lively area close to all commodities, cinema, shops: French typical food, tourist places. Ideal for 2 person´s Comfortable, charming, apartment in Paris close to the most famous touristic places Fully renovated !  - Ideal for 2 person´s  - It is 2715 p2 and consists of:  - A 16 sq. meters hardwood floor living room with a real comfortable double sofa bed (with BULTEX mattress 160cm x 200cm.) Linens are included - Large clothes closet  - An open, fully equipped kitchen, necessary dishes and pots for cooking, electric cookers, fridge, washing machin… - A real bathroom with shower. Towels are included - Also high speed Internet WI-FI -1 Flat screen TV with international channel and radio - Full renovation in september 2014 Everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris - Place : Paris (postal code: 75011)  - Top Floor (5), Courtyard view, very quiet, 
27889	11 fenêtres sur la ville. Appartement refait à neuf. Chouette et confortable.	Grand appartement confortable au cœur du 11ème (Bastille, Père Lachaise, Oberkampf...) et au pied du métro. Accueillant. Peut loger 4 adultes et 1 bébé tout en profitant du grand salon de 40m2. 11 fenêtres sur la ville. Appartement refait à neuf. Chouette et confortable. Appartement integral Logement mis à disposition en notre absence Quartier extrêmement vivant et commerçant. Père Lachaise et Bastille à 5 minutes à pied. Centre de Paris à 10 minutes en métro. Metro Ligne 9 au pied de l'immeuble. A 10' de Gare de Lyon. Nombreux bus à disposition
27890	FRENCH BEFORE ENGLISH BELOW Un nid douillet pour les amoureux ! Charmant appartement tout fraîchement rénové de 2 pièces comprenant une cuisine équipée ainsi qu'une chambre joliment décorée composée d'un lit double (matelas haut de gamme). L'appartement se situe dans un quartier calme à moins de 5 min du Canal Saint Martin. A deux pas, du métro, des bus et un pas de la station de vélib' qui se trouve devant la résidence. C'est un lieux de rêve pour séjourner le temps d'un week end en escapade. Cozy home for lovers ! Lovely flat of two rooms including an equipped kitchen and a well-decorated bedroom (luxury matress for the double bed) just renovated. The appartment is in a quiet neibourghood, really close to Canal St Martin (one of the most romantic place to visit in Paris). The flat is near to a metro station (1 min by walking), bus stop and also bicycle station. It's a dream place to come in getaway.	Appartement rénové de 22m² au calme, cuisine équipée et charmante chambre séparée. A 5 min du Canal St Martin. Renovated flat of 22 square meters in a quiet borough. Equipped Kitchen and a Separated Lovely Bedroom. At 5min to Canal St Martin FRENCH BEFORE ENGLISH BELOW Un nid douillet pour les amoureux ! Charmant appartement tout fraîchement rénové de 2 pièces comprenant une cuisine équipée ainsi qu'une chambre joliment décorée composée d'un lit double (matelas haut de gamme). L'appartement se situe dans un quartier calme à moins de 5 min du Canal Saint Martin. A deux pas, du métro, des bus et un pas de la station de vélib' qui se trouve devant la résidence. C'est un lieux de rêve pour séjourner le temps d'un week end en escapade. Cozy home for lovers ! Lovely flat of two rooms including an equipped kitchen and a well-decorated bedroom (luxury matress for the double bed) just renovated. The appartment is in a quiet neibourghood, really close to Canal St Martin (one of the most romantic
27891	IN THE HEART OF MÉNILMONTANT, IN A VERY WELL MAINTENED BUILDING, WELL FUMISHED AND EQUIPED, A LOVELY 2 ROOMED APARTMENT, FOR 1 TO 4 PERSONS. IT IS SITUED ON THE FLOOR 6TH WITHOUT A LIFT . SECUTITY WITH CARETAKER ON SIDE AND 2 DOORS WITH A DIGICAL CODE. A LOUNGE WITH SOFA/BED FOR 2, A BEDROOM WITH A DOUBLE BED, KITCHEN , SHOWER ROOM + W.C. FRIDGE, FREEZER, COOKER, OVEN, WASHING MACHINE, COFEE MACHINE, TELEVISION, INTERNET ACESS WIFI, IRON. BEDDING AND TOWELLING ARE PROVIDED. 10MN FROM PÈRE LACHAISE, MONTMARTRE, BASTILLE, RÉPUBLIQUE. CLOSE TO EDITH PIAF MUSEUM, NEW CASINO, DISCOTHÈQUES, SWIMMING POOL, SHOPS, MARKET, METRO. METRO : MÉNILMONTANT BUS : 96 	IN THE HEART OF MÉNILMONTANT, IN A VERY WELL MAINTENED BUILDING, WELL FUMISHED AND EQUIPED, A LOVELY 2 ROOMED APARTMENT, FOR 1 TO 4 PERSONS. IT IS SITUED ON THE FLOOR 6TH WITHOUT A LIFT . SECUTITY WITH CARETAKER ON SIDE AND 2 DOORS WITH A DIGICAL CODE. A LOUNGE WITH SOFA/BED FOR 2, A BEDROOM WITH A DOUBLE BED, KITCHEN , SHOWER ROOM + W.C. FRIDGE, FREEZER, COOKER, OVEN, WASHING MACHINE, COFEE MACHINE, TELEVISION, INTERNET ACESS WIFI, IRON. BEDDING AND TOWELLING ARE PROVIDED. 10MN FROM PÈRE LACHAISE, MONTMARTRE, BASTILLE, RÉPUBLIQUE. CLOSE TO EDITH PIAF MUSEUM, NEW CASINO, DISCOTHÈQUES, SWIMMING POOL, SHOPS, MARKET, METRO. METRO : MÉNILMONTANT BUS : 96 
27892	This 50 square meter apartment is located on higher floors. It is bright and offers an unobstructed view on major monuments like the Eiffel tower. It has an entrance hall, a lounge, a separate kitchen, a bedroom, a balcony terrace, a bathroom with bathtub and toilet and a second separate toilet with sink. The kitchen is fully equipped (mini-oven, microwave, extractor hood, hob, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator ...). The living room has a convertible two-seater sofa (140 x 200 cm) with true slats and mattresses, a dining area for 4 people and TV with many international channels. The room is equipped with a double bed (160 x 200 cm) with bedside tables, chest of drawers (drawers available), a console and TV with international channels. The wi-fi is available throughout the apartment. The south facing terrace balcony (12 m2) has a table and two chairs. A garage is available, included in price, in the same building (max. car height: 190 cm). The windows are double glazed with elec	This comfortable, bright apartment offers an unobstructed view of the city and Eiffel Tower. Located in the Nation district, it's very close to major subway lines like RER A (Disneyland). Closed parking space included in price. This 50 square meter apartment is located on higher floors. It is bright and offers an unobstructed view on major monuments like the Eiffel tower. It has an entrance hall, a lounge, a separate kitchen, a bedroom, a balcony terrace, a bathroom with bathtub and toilet and a second separate toilet with sink. The kitchen is fully equipped (mini-oven, microwave, extractor hood, hob, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator ...). The living room has a convertible two-seater sofa (140 x 200 cm) with true slats and mattresses, a dining area for 4 people and TV with many international channels. The room is equipped with a double bed (160 x 200 cm) with bedside tables, chest of drawers (drawers available), a console and TV with international channels. The wi-fi is availa
27893	Last floor appartement,  including a quiete and separated bed-room, and a living-room with a TV/Sofa area and a dining area. 	38 m2 with a living room including a bed, a bed room, a kitchen and a bathroom. Last floor appartement,  including a quiete and separated bed-room, and a living-room with a TV/Sofa area and a dining area. All necessary furnitures & accessories are provided, whether for a short or longer stay  (TV, Internet, closet, fully-fitted kitchen, towels, bed sheets ...).
27894	This apparment is tiny but cosy. Ideal for a couple in a week-end, who prefers to spend his money on cultural visits that on hotel. There is more intimity than in an hostel, and the large and fitted kitchen let the possibility to improve himself the french cuisine !	It's a lovely ground-floor studio, given onto a litlle court yard. Well located, it composed of a large and functional kitchen, a main large bed-room and a bathroom. This apparment is tiny but cosy. Ideal for a couple in a week-end, who prefers to spend his money on cultural visits that on hotel. There is more intimity than in an hostel, and the large and fitted kitchen let the possibility to improve himself the french cuisine ! You'll have access to: kitchen ustensils, clean sheets, good sound-system, my precious french comics collection and dry towel. Maybe a bottle of french red wine :-) I'll prefer to communicate by what'sapp. Better when I'm abroad ! It's a quiet neighborhood, like the eye of the cyclone : silent streets not far, equidistant from Bastille, Oberkampf, Parmentier and Le Marais. You'll find a supermarket, boulangerie and restaurant at less than 5 minutes walking. Metro Ligne 5 Richard Lenoir (3min) Metro Ligne 9 St Ambroise (2min) Metro Ligne 1 Bastille (8min) Bus Li
27895	Newly refurbished apartment (28m2), clean and stylish, all white with red details, it is comfy and warm in winter, fresh and full of plantes in summer. On the 7th floor and orientated towards south, the flat is very luminous and offers a long terrace with a view over Paris. Plants and trees offer shadow and freshness for a breakfast or a drink in this tiny garden. 	Stylish and comfy apartment with a wide bedroom/living room, bathroom, wide kitchen and wide terrace with a view over Paris.  Perfect for a couple or 2 friends.  Newly refurbished apartment (28m2), clean and stylish, all white with red details, it is comfy and warm in winter, fresh and full of plantes in summer. On the 7th floor and orientated towards south, the flat is very luminous and offers a long terrace with a view over Paris. Plants and trees offer shadow and freshness for a breakfast or a drink in this tiny garden.  Make yourself at home, I'll leave storage space, sheets and towels, all that you need for the breakfast, to cook and clean. contact me anytime.  I speak english and french.  Here are a few places that I would recommend in the area:  -The barbershop: a  restaurant/cocktail bar with great music and young people. -Balls: a meatball restaurant with trendy young people -the bakery just across the street makes the best croissants and baguettes of all the neighborhood.  -t
27896	The accomodation (52m2) : -A big living room full of sun on the 3rd floor with a lounge and a dining room. It has a double sofa-bed, a dvd player and a flat screen (with more than 200 channels). -A bedroom with a double bed. -A tiny bedroom for a child. -A kitchen fully equiped ( with a cooker, an oven, a microwave, washing machine). -A bathroom (with a bath). -A separate toilet -A free high speed wifi connection. The apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay. 	This really nice flat has just been refurbished by an architect. It is in a charming Haussmannian building and it has all the modern confort you can expect for. It is located between Place de la République et the lively and trendy rue d’Okerkampf. The accomodation (52m2) : -A big living room full of sun on the 3rd floor with a lounge and a dining room. It has a double sofa-bed, a dvd player and a flat screen (with more than 200 channels). -A bedroom with a double bed. -A tiny bedroom for a child. -A kitchen fully equiped ( with a cooker, an oven, a microwave, washing machine). -A bathroom (with a bath). -A separate toilet -A free high speed wifi connection. The apartment will be properly arranged and clean sheets will also be changed before your stay. The cleaning lady will give you the keys while we are away but we’ll always be reachable by phone if have any question during your stay. It is a very pleasant and lively neighbourhood with lots of shops, restaurants and bars. -You’ll find
27897		Ce beau studio, cosy, entièrement équipé, lumineux, donnant sur une cour calme typique parisienne.  Il est relié au centre de Paris en quelques minutes: Bastille, le Marais, Louvre, Palais Royal, Champs Elysés. Tous les commerces sont  à proximité. METRO - BUS - RER - VELOLIB
27898	Très proche des lignes de métro 1, 2, 6, 9, 8 et RER A (Parc Disney). Bastille à 15 mn à pied, Hôtel de Ville à 25 mn,...	Grand studio parisien très lumineux et calme sur cour arborée, 2ème étage, parquet chêne, cheminée avec trumeau, moulures, un vrai lit, un canapé club cuir, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec toilettes, télévision, internet wifi, enceinte bluetooth Très proche des lignes de métro 1, 2, 6, 9, 8 et RER A (Parc Disney). Bastille à 15 mn à pied, Hôtel de Ville à 25 mn,... Accès libre au studio Informations sur Paris disponibles sur demande Quartier commerçant, nombreux bars et restaurants. Je pourrai vous indiquer de bonnes adresses sur demande Métro lignes 1, 2, 6, 8, 9, RER A. Nombreuses lignes de bus. Stations de taxi.
27899	Hi & Welcome! Our lovely 100 sqf(90m²) flat is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The private bedroom is large, fully furnished with a double bed and space to store your items. The flat is spacious and sunny with large windows, heated floor, kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and living room. It is located on the 4th floor, there is an elevator. The flat has a central location, close to Bastille, le Marais and République. Less than 5 mins away from ESCP. Métro lines 3,9 & 5 are less than 5 mins away.	Large bedroom with double bed in a 1000 sqf (90m²) apartment. Perfectly situated to discover Paris in a safe and lively neighborhood. Close to public transportation and ESCP. We speak French, English, Spanish, Italian and a little bit of Chinese! Hi & Welcome! Our lovely 100 sqf(90m²) flat is the perfect place to stay in Paris. The private bedroom is large, fully furnished with a double bed and space to store your items. The flat is spacious and sunny with large windows, heated floor, kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and living room. It is located on the 4th floor, there is an elevator. The flat has a central location, close to Bastille, le Marais and République. Less than 5 mins away from ESCP. Métro lines 3,9 & 5 are less than 5 mins away. In addition to your room, you will enjoy acces to the kitchen, a large living room with Wifi, Tv and audio system, bathroom and toilets. All the three of us (1 guy & 2 girls) have lived abroad and we love to meet new people! We speak French, English,
