32100	The tranquility, the light and the spacious room are the three things I like the most. I also advice family with kids to come and stay. The room has enough space.	I renovated the flat a year ago and named 'Suite Ramey'. I like this apartment for it is spacious, bright and quiet. You have a lot of light for it is located at the forth and top floor. The tranquility, the light and the spacious room are the three things I like the most. I also advice family with kids to come and stay. The room has enough space. I will personally meet the guest and hand off them the key on the day of Their arrival in the Rue Ramey. I am glad to advise and help my guest telling them, if the wish so, about the best espresso bars and actual interesting exhibitions and the like.
32101	Nice living space with a couch (it’s not a sofa bed a third person can sleep on it if you want) and a TV screen you can easily connect to your computer/smartphone. 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 people (140x190cm). Fully equipped kitchen (a fridge/freezer, a washer, a double oven, a microwave, a dining table for 4 people). Small bathroom with a shower, toilet and a washbasin. WIFI access.  The flat is situated in a peaceful internal courtyard and on the first floor (but you can use the elevator if you have luggages) As my boyfriend is a sculptor we decorated the flat with some of his sculptures and paintings, hope you will like it  :) Price includes :  All utilities  Fresh linens and towels Metro map and some advices to discover the neighborhood (restaurants, bars,…)	Our charming flat for 2/3 people in Montmartre is well-equipped. You will be close to the famous Sacré-Coeur (5 min walk) Métro, restaurants and bars are close by. Nice living space with a couch (it’s not a sofa bed a third person can sleep on it if you want) and a TV screen you can easily connect to your computer/smartphone. 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 people (140x190cm). Fully equipped kitchen (a fridge/freezer, a washer, a double oven, a microwave, a dining table for 4 people). Small bathroom with a shower, toilet and a washbasin. WIFI access.  The flat is situated in a peaceful internal courtyard and on the first floor (but you can use the elevator if you have luggages) As my boyfriend is a sculptor we decorated the flat with some of his sculptures and paintings, hope you will like it  :) Price includes :  All utilities  Fresh linens and towels Metro map and some advices to discover the neighborhood (restaurants, bars,…) 5 min walk from Sacré Coeur, 10 min walk from Moulin Rouge, Ab
32102	It's a flat for 3 people so you won't be alone. It's very spacious but there is one bathroom for everybody and you need to pass by my room to access to the bathroom. You just need to organize it with the others roommates. Normally it's easy to have privacy :)	Nice and cosy room in a beautiful flat in Montmartre, in a typical parisian neighbourhood. Spaceful, cosy, vintage designed. It's a big bedroom with one bathroom, one big kitchen, and a separate toilet. Close to the metro. It's a flat for 3 people so you won't be alone. It's very spacious but there is one bathroom for everybody and you need to pass by my room to access to the bathroom. You just need to organize it with the others roommates. Normally it's easy to have privacy :) Bedroom/ Bathroom/ Kitchen/ Toilets I won't be there during the location but if you have any questions don't hesitate to ask. The district is very charming, there are many restaurants and nice bars which are not too expensive. There are also many small shops in the neighbourhoods. You can go to the Sacré Coeur on foot in little time. Metro: Lamarck-Caulincourt line 12 (7 minutes by foot) Guy-Mocquet line 13 (7 minutes by foot) Place de Clichy line 2 (15 minutes by foot) Blanche line 2 (15 minutes by foot) Bus: L
32103	This double room (28 m2), welcoming flat, typical of the districts of La Chapelle, can comfortably accommodate two persons. Enjoy fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, living room with hi-fi, office and sleeping room.  Direct connection to main train stations and airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle). The apartment has one sitting room, one double bedroom and an office space.  It's on the fifth and last floor, plain south, so you will enjoy the sun from the very morning ! It is located in a quiet and peaceful street, a true heaven after a long day of sight-seeing ! It is really easy to get to us from Orly or CDG airports. The station Marx Dormoy (line 12) is nearby and take you just about anywhere in Paris in no time. Easy connection to main train stations (Grade du Nord, Gare de l’Est, Gare St Lazare, Gare Montparnasse).  The appartment is within walking distance from Montmartre and the main sites - Opéra, Bastille, Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame - are just a few metro stops away ! T	This double room (28 m2), welcoming flat, typical of the districts of La Chapelle, can comfortably accommodate two persons. Enjoy fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, living room with hi-fi, office and sleeping room.  Direct connection to main train stations and airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle). The apartment has one sitting room, one double bedroom and an office space.  It's on the fifth and last floor, plain south, so you will enjoy the sun from the very morning ! It is located in a quiet and peaceful street, a true heaven after a long day of sight-seeing ! It is really easy to get to us from Orly or CDG airports. The station Marx Dormoy (line 12) is nearby and take you just about anywhere in Paris in no time. Easy connection to main train stations (Grade du Nord, Gare de l’Est, Gare St Lazare, Gare Montparnasse).  The appartment is within walking distance from Montmartre and the main sites - Opéra, Bastille, Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame - are just a few metro stops away ! T
32104		Grand deux pièces au coeur de Montmartre, sur une magnifique cour intérieure typiquement parisienne. Entre le Sacré Coeur et le Moulin Rouge. Canapé lit supplémentaire pour accueillir 4 personnes. Idéal pour un We en couple.
32105	- A large living room with a double sofa bed - The kitchen is open on the living room and is fully equipped kitchen: oven, washer/dryer, dishwasher, fridge, microwave. - The 1st bedrrom has a king size bed - Ensuite bathroom with jacuzzi bath and toilet . - The 2nd bedroom has a single bed and en suite shower room with toilet	This apartment is on the ground floor of a 19th-century building with a lovely paved courtyard and a terrace. It can accommodate up to 4 persons  There are 2 bedroom and 2 bathrooms. It is located in a nearby shopping street rue Abbesses. - A large living room with a double sofa bed - The kitchen is open on the living room and is fully equipped kitchen: oven, washer/dryer, dishwasher, fridge, microwave. - The 1st bedrrom has a king size bed - Ensuite bathroom with jacuzzi bath and toilet . - The 2nd bedroom has a single bed and en suite shower room with toilet The apartment is totaly private for our guests We will meet our guest at their arrival in the apartment. We will give them the sets of keys, show them how work all the appliances. They will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problems or questions This area is one of the most picturesque districts of Paris Montmartre and its surroundings are among the most contrasting places in Paris : the crowd of the Sacré Coeur and the Place du 
32106	Studio 27 m2  With small terrace  Large room of 17 m2 with large windows, very bright.  Bathroom with bath.  Kitchen opening onto the terrace with fridge, stove, microwave, toaster.  Bedding: sofa bed for 2, extremely comfortable! cf La Maison du Convertible.  Terrace with artificial grass: table and chairs  floating floors  Central heating	Own studio, lovely location! At the heart of the street of the poteau in the 18th.  Sleeps 2 people.  Plus: A small flowered terrace with grass to eat breakfast barefoot!  Apartment clean, pleasant and convenient! Studio 27 m2  With small terrace  Large room of 17 m2 with large windows, very bright.  Bathroom with bath.  Kitchen opening onto the terrace with fridge, stove, microwave, toaster.  Bedding: sofa bed for 2, extremely comfortable! cf La Maison du Convertible.  Terrace with artificial grass: table and chairs  floating floors  Central heating WI-FI / TV  Microwave  Hob  fridge  Toaster  Hair dryer  cosmetics  Towels I will come to welcome you, and I will stay all the time to answer your questions;-) A 15-minute walk from Montmartre! Crossing pretty typical small streets!  15 min also in the Rue des Abbesses, Pigalle and rue Lepic and Place de Clichy.  Located in the main shopping street of the 18th, the streets of the post will offer all amenities and charm of the 18th!  : Chee
32107	"40 m2 flat with a living room and one bedroom. Located 10-15 minutes by foot from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur and 10 minutes from the "" Canal St Martin"" where it is really nice to have a walk. Metro L12 (Max Dormoy) and Velib station (bicycle in self-service) down the street. 20 minutes from Châtelet by metro or bus. Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est  very close 10 minutes by metro. The building is very pleasant, quiet and clean with a concierge. The neighbors are sympathic. This is an area with lots of supermarkets, shops, restaurants and bars. So you can enjoy a lively atmosphere but in the same time the flat is located in a quiet street. It is cosmopolitan and you will enjoy different market places. Private WIFI and fast internet with optical fiber - Double glazing and electrical heating in all the flat - Living room : sofa, chairs, end table, dining table, TV, WIFI. Bedroom : double bed, wardrobe, desk. Kitchen : stove, horn, microwave, washing machine, fridge, freezer and everything y"	"40m2 (430 sq2) 1 bedroom with double bed - 1 living room - 1 kitchen - 1 bathroom - with all necessary stuff. Private high-speed Internet by WIFI or cable (80 Mo)    40 m2 flat with a living room and one bedroom. Located 10-15 minutes by foot from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur and 10 minutes from the "" Canal St Martin"" where it is really nice to have a walk. Metro L12 (Max Dormoy) and Velib station (bicycle in self-service) down the street. 20 minutes from Châtelet by metro or bus. Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est  very close 10 minutes by metro. The building is very pleasant, quiet and clean with a concierge. The neighbors are sympathic. This is an area with lots of supermarkets, shops, restaurants and bars. So you can enjoy a lively atmosphere but in the same time the flat is located in a quiet street. It is cosmopolitan and you will enjoy different market places. Private WIFI and fast internet with optical fiber - Double glazing and electrical heating in all the flat - Living room : sofa"
32108	La perspective : on prend de la hauteur et on respire ! L'appartement est au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, mais il y a un tapis rouge pour vous accompagner jusqu'à mon paradis.... 	C'est un 2 pièces super agréable à vivre dans lequel je viens d'emménager. Très lumineux, sans vis-à-vis, avec une vue à couper le souffle sur toute la butte Montmartre. Déco vintage, rue tranquille, à 2 pas du métro Porte de Clignancourt. La perspective : on prend de la hauteur et on respire ! L'appartement est au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, mais il y a un tapis rouge pour vous accompagner jusqu'à mon paradis.... A toutes les pièces, vous êtes chez vous ! N'hésitez pas à m'appeler pour (website hidden) manquez pas : La Recyclerie à 2 pas ((website hidden)), les puces, ouvertes du samedi au lundi, à 2 pas aussi, et le quartier vivant de la Mairie du 18ème, à 10 mn au bout de la rue. Métro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4) sortie passage du Mont Cenis, à 3 minutes à pied. Le métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12) est à 10 mn à pied.
32109	Livres de philo, socio et bonnes BD à déguster dans le rocking chair :) Vous pouvez également profitez des instruments à votre disposition : guitare, darbuka et saxophone. You can enjoy french sociology and philosophy books as well as comics books in the rocking chair :) You can also play guitar, drums (darbuka), and saxophone.	Studio très bien agencé et lumineux, proche de Montmartre. Instruments de musique, livres de philo, socio et bonnes BD à déguster dans le rocking chair :) Comfortable bright studio next to Montmartre. Rocking chair and musical instruments to enjoy ! Livres de philo, socio et bonnes BD à déguster dans le rocking chair :) Vous pouvez également profitez des instruments à votre disposition : guitare, darbuka et saxophone. You can enjoy french sociology and philosophy books as well as comics books in the rocking chair :) You can also play guitar, drums (darbuka), and saxophone. Tout le logement est accessible ainsi que la grande cour intérieure fleurie. The studio is all for you and you can enjoy the flowery inner courtyard of the building too. Possibilité d'aller boire un café, de discuter des bons lieux (pas forcément touristiques) dans le quartier et dans Paris en général. If you want we can take a drink to talk about the neighborhood or anything else. Le 18ème est mon arrondissement pré
32110	Really nice flat, very pleasant to live in. It's the perfect place for a couple visiting Paris ! 	"Nice and lovely flat located near Montmartre and the centre of Paris Really nice flat, very pleasant to live in. It's the perfect place for a couple visiting Paris !  You'll have access to every thing in the flat (WiFi, TV, washing machine, hair dryer, etc.).  I will also be glad to offer you a very nice bottle of French wine. As much as they want to interact ! Subways (line 12, ""Jules Joffrin"", line 4, ""Simplon"")"
32111		Appartement calme dans une grande copropriété. Il se compose d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bains avec WC, d'un salon avec une table. Il se situe à 13 min à pied de Gare du Nord et entre les stations de métro La Chapelle (L2) et Marx Dormoy (L12).
32112	Habité par la musique il mêle appartement parisien et petite ambiance de quartier, tranquille.	Au pied du marché de l'olive, un appartement lumineux et haut perché qui s'ouvre sur un paris typique non loin du quartier Montmartre Habité par la musique il mêle appartement parisien et petite ambiance de quartier, tranquille. L'appartement entier S'ils le souhaitent je serais présent et répondrais à toutes leurs questions ;-) Quartier habité, vivant, bien isolé des boulevards. Métro 12, bus60, à 10 minutes à pied de gare du Nord/ La Chapelle.
32113	40m2 , donnant sur une magnifique cour, avec terrasse pour un moment de détente au coeur de Paris.	Appartement de 40 m2 dans un quartier populaire prés de Montmartre  métro 4/2/12  Proche métro 4/2/12, Montmartre, puces de St-Ouen,Pigalle,Gare du nord. Chambre avec lit double, salon clic-clac télé/internet/ machine à laver. Have a good trip! 40m2 , donnant sur une magnifique cour, avec terrasse pour un moment de détente au coeur de Paris. Internet, machine à laver, cour/terrasse 3ème étage facile à monter =) Je vous fournirai en serviettes et draps de bains propres, un plan de la ville et les cartes de visite des meilleurs endroits que je connais , et j'en connais ! Mon deuxième métier est de connaître les coins insolites de la capitale =) quartier typiquement parisien, populaire. La marché de L'olive est un bonheur ! Ligne 12 Station Marx Dormoy Ligne 2 Station la Chapelle + 7 min à pied Ligne 4 Station Chateau rouge + 9 min à pied Bus 65 arrêt Marx Dormoy (direct gare du Nord , Gare de l'Est et Garde de Lyon ) RER B Gare du Nord pour accès aéroport Bus 35 , Bus 60, arrêt Marx Dorm
32114		Appartement de 60 m2 au coeur de Montmartre ! Le calme vous attend avec une vue du salon sur le jardin très appréciée ! Idéal seul ou en famille ! Tous les commerces sont à portée de mains. M° Lamarck Caulaincourt ou bus n°80 Parking  5 min à pieds J'aime tout dans ce quartier Montmartrois : le côté village avec ses commerces et surtout ses commerçants ! Métro (Ligne 12) : Lamarck-Caulaincourt Bus 80 : devant la maison
32115	"My flat is ideally located in Montmartre (18eme). The french movie ""Amelie"" was shot in this neighborhood. Subway station (2 minutes walk) will take you all around Paris. The Sacre-Coeur is 5 mins away with the ""place du tertre"" and its painters, the ""Moulin Rouge"" Cabaret and several night clubs, etc. This is the best area if you want to discover the typical Paris! Flat has nice views!  Wifi, towels, linens included. Secured building with digicode. 25 squared meter flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! It is centrally located in a charming neighborhood. 5th floor w/ views, no elevator. Nice open modern living space with living room, couch (opens up to a double comfortable bed) and dining table. 1 bedroom with Double bed and a darling bathroom with shower. Fully equipped kitchen (fridge/freezer, toaster, microwave, ). Flat equipped with TV, Free high speed Internet / WIFI access. We are just a 5 min walk from Sacré Coeur, 5 min walk to Moulin Rouge, Fabulou"	"Beautiful, design and cosy apartment in the heart of Montmartre, 5 mins Sacre Coeur. Purely parisian, calm, full equiped. Very nice place to stay and to enjoy parisian life. 10 min by metro from Louvre, Galeries Lafayette, Champs Elysées, Opéra,... My flat is ideally located in Montmartre (18eme). The french movie ""Amelie"" was shot in this neighborhood. Subway station (2 minutes walk) will take you all around Paris. The Sacre-Coeur is 5 mins away with the ""place du tertre"" and its painters, the ""Moulin Rouge"" Cabaret and several night clubs, etc. This is the best area if you want to discover the typical Paris! Flat has nice views!  Wifi, towels, linens included. Secured building with digicode. 25 squared meter flat is spacious, luminous and nicely furbished in a modern style! It is centrally located in a charming neighborhood. 5th floor w/ views, no elevator. Nice open modern living space with living room, couch (opens up to a double comfortable bed) and dining table. 1 bedroom with Do"
32116	This holiday apartment is a 2 bedroom furnished on the 1st floor without elevator of a building typical of Paris with code. Vis-à-vis cleared and specially designed for the rental, this Montmartre apartment is very sunny (south facing) with large windows overlooking the street in the living room and bedroom. Which can accommodate 2 people, the apartment has a lounge with wooden floors, fireplace, sofa-bed of 190x140cm. In the room there is a double bed (140x190cm). The bathroom has shower and toilet. Finally, there is a fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, oven, microwave, refrigerator). Located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, north of Montmartre, this apartment is a few meters from the subway station Porte de Saint Ouen (L13) and the buses (81 & 31) You can easyly access the heart of Paris (St. Lazare, Montparnasse, Chatelet) in 20 minutes by subway to visit the main museums and monuments of the capital.  Walking from the apartment, you can easily reach the Sacred Heart or si	This holiday apartment is a 2 bedroom furnished on the 1st floor without elevator of a building typical of Paris with code. Vis-à-vis cleared and specially designed for the rental, this Montmartre apartment is very sunny (south facing) with large windows overlooking the street in the living room and bedroom. Which can accommodate 2 people, the apartment has a lounge with wooden floors, fireplace, sofa-bed of 190x140cm. In the room there is a double bed (140x190cm). The bathroom has shower and toilet. Finally, there is a fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, oven, microwave, refrigerator). Located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, north of Montmartre, this apartment is a few meters from the subway station Porte de Saint Ouen (L13) and the buses (81 & 31) You can easyly access the heart of Paris (St. Lazare, Montparnasse, Chatelet) in 20 minutes by subway to visit the main museums and monuments of the capital.  Walking from the apartment, you can easily reach the Sacred Heart or si
32117		Situé derrière la Butte Montmartre, bénéficiant tout à la fois du charme du 18ème arrondissement et de la proximité des commerces et transports. Ce logement fera le bonheur des amateurs de Paris. 60m², tout équipé, machine à laver, WiFi, TV plasma
32118		Flat fully equipped, 1 to 5 people. First floor, elevator. Bedroom (double bed), Living room (convertible sofa for 2 persons), extra folding bed for 1 person), US kitchen, Bathroom. Less 5 min from metro. Sheets&Towels included. Coffee&Tea offered.
32119	The Bedroom has a double bed and large dressing and has a bathroom with a shower. The entirely equipped kitchen is connected to the living room by an American bar. The living room has a chimney and an unfolding sofa for two people to sleep in. 	In the heart of Montmarte, enjoy a cozy and peaceful, recently renovated, 2 room typical parisian apartment, located on the 4th floor of a nice and clean building with digit code. The Bedroom has a double bed and large dressing and has a bathroom with a shower. The entirely equipped kitchen is connected to the living room by an American bar. The living room has a chimney and an unfolding sofa for two people to sleep in.  It is all hi-fi and tv equipped and has wifi. it'll be possible to contact me on my mobile all along the stay Last but not least you are 2 mn walking from transports, food stores, bars and delicious bakeries and restaurants.
32120		Bel appartement proche de Montmartre. Jolie décoration type loft. 1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 places et un canapé (website hidden), wifi, baignoire rétro, tout confort.
32121	L'appartement est refait à neuf, il peut accueillr 4 personnes et il a également une pièce bureau qui peut accueillir un lit bébé d'appoint	"L'appartement est refait à neuf, il peut accueillr 4 personnes et il a également une pièce bureau qui peut accueillir un lit bébé d'appoint Cet appartement est tout équipé, four, lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, dans la salle de bain il y a une baignoire et le petit plus sympa ""une ambiance chromathérapie"" Le quartier est génial, en plein coeur de tous les commerces de proximités, petits bars et restaurants. Marché le mercredi et samedi matin. Il ne faut pas manquer le visite au sacré coeur, avec ses vignes et marché de tissus au marché Saint Pierre. Métro Jules Joffrin ligne 12, Station Autolib à proximité"
32122	Appartement de 38m² situé dans une rue très calme du 9ème arrondissement juste à côté de la butte Montmartre (8 mn à pied) et de la rue des Martyrs. L'appartement se trouve au premier étage d'un immeuble 19ème siècle. La chambre proposée peut accueillir 1 personne et est bien équipée : lave linge, accès à internet haut débit illimité. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette. l'appartement dispose d'une cuisine de 5 m² toute équipée avec : un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, gaz, four, un micro ondes, une cafetière, une bouilloire, les ustensiles de cuisine, des placards. La salle de bain de 4 m² est équipée d'un lavabo, d'une douche. Les toilettes sont à part.Vous séjournerez dans l'un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris connu pour sa douceur de vivre et son caractère intemporel.	Chambre (lit 1 place) avec salle de bain et cuisine. Rue et immeuble très calme, à 2 pas du Sacré-Coeur de Montmartre et du métro. Appartement de 38m² situé dans une rue très calme du 9ème arrondissement juste à côté de la butte Montmartre (8 mn à pied) et de la rue des Martyrs. L'appartement se trouve au premier étage d'un immeuble 19ème siècle. La chambre proposée peut accueillir 1 personne et est bien équipée : lave linge, accès à internet haut débit illimité. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette. l'appartement dispose d'une cuisine de 5 m² toute équipée avec : un réfrigérateur, des plaques électriques, gaz, four, un micro ondes, une cafetière, une bouilloire, les ustensiles de cuisine, des placards. La salle de bain de 4 m² est équipée d'un lavabo, d'une douche. Les toilettes sont à part.Vous séjournerez dans l'un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris connu pour sa douceur de vivre et son caractère intemporel. Draps, serviet
32123	Windows on both sides (south-west / north-east), with a wide and unobstructed view, which delivers a beautiful light from sunrise to sunset (you’ll have beautiful sunsets for the cocktail hour). The apartment consists of wide entrance hall, distributing the different rooms. A living room ideal for a rest moment ; a dining room with a wide table (8 people). A comfortable bedroom on the court side (calm guaranteed), with a king size bed. You’ll be happy to take a bath after a long day walking Paris. Nice fireplace from the XIX century (inactive).	Haussmann apartment 60 m2 : parquet, moldings, flowered balcony. Spacious, bright & comfortable, located in a typical Parisian universe (Lepic Street, Abbesses, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle) ideal to walk the old paris, close to nice cafes and restaurants. Windows on both sides (south-west / north-east), with a wide and unobstructed view, which delivers a beautiful light from sunrise to sunset (you’ll have beautiful sunsets for the cocktail hour). The apartment consists of wide entrance hall, distributing the different rooms. A living room ideal for a rest moment ; a dining room with a wide table (8 people). A comfortable bedroom on the court side (calm guaranteed), with a king size bed. You’ll be happy to take a bath after a long day walking Paris. Nice fireplace from the XIX century (inactive). Entrance hall - Balcony- Living room - Dining room - Bedroom - Kitchen - Bathroom You will be welcomed with many tips helping you to discover hidden sides of Paris that you couldn't discover in the to
32124		Le quartier représente bien la diversité de paris  Facilement accessible en métro 
32125	"Located on the 6th floor (elevator!) of an authentic Parisian building at the very top of the ""Butte Montmatre"", this charming studio (no bedroom) sleeps up to 2 persons. The double murphy bed folds cleverly to maximize the living space."	"Lovely 25 m² studio for two. Stunning view and very quiet despite tourist appeal in heart of charming Montmartre village. Choice of restaurants, cafés, shops, museum, metro lines and buses. Only few step from famous nearby Place du Tertre. Located on the 6th floor (elevator!) of an authentic Parisian building at the very top of the ""Butte Montmatre"", this charming studio (no bedroom) sleeps up to 2 persons. The double murphy bed folds cleverly to maximize the living space. -Free wifi: network ""Freebox_dormoy"" Code:  ilestbeautogo4807 Free calls to land lines in Europe and USA Free calls to cell phone in France and USA Your home telephone number is: (phone number hidden) Door code: 4210 Fresh linens Fridge Induction cooker Microwave Dishwasher Washing machine The studio is not shared with other guest or host. A confortable murphy bed sleeps 2. It increases living space.  SUPERMARKET: ""Dia"" between Metro Anvers and the Furniculaire on 31 rue d'Orsel. Many other on Lamark area. RESTAURANT"
32126	Votre chambre fait partie d'un appartement de 60m2, typiquement parisien, de style hausmannien avec son parquet et ses moulures.  Your bedroom is part of a 60m2 flat you will live in, with 19th century hausmanian style : wood floor, high height ceiling,...	Nous allons partager ensemble votre expérience parisienne, grâce à cette belle chambre calme et lumineuse dont vous profiterez sans limite ! Salle de bains et cuisine à disposition ! Welcome to Paris :  with this room, be 10 min far from Montmartre ! Votre chambre fait partie d'un appartement de 60m2, typiquement parisien, de style hausmannien avec son parquet et ses moulures.  Your bedroom is part of a 60m2 flat you will live in, with 19th century hausmanian style : wood floor, high height ceiling,... Vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine, prendre une douche à l'italienne dans la salle de bains toute neuve, ou passer du temps dans la pièce principale, en bénéficiant du wifi.. All is done for your confort : nice new bathroom with shower, a small but well-equiped kitchen, wifi,... Je parle anglais, et pour le reste, on se débrouillera avec les mains ! I can speak english and for those who can not, everything is possible with a smile and hands ! Le quartier est situé tout près de Montmartre, 
32127	Appartement typiquement haussmanien, 2 chambres doubles, un salon confortable donnant sur une salle à manger au coeur d'un quartier populaire et très sympathique. A 8 minutes à pied de Montmartre et à 1 du métro, vous apprécierez le calme du lieu. L' appartement est idéalement placé pour découvrir Paris. L'animation populaire du le quartier pendant la journée contraste avec le calme qui y règne le soir et la nuit. Deux chambres, deux lits doubles dans un endroit chaleureux au troisième étage d'un appartement typiquement parisien. Accès par la ligne 4 (&minute à pied) ou 12 (5minutes à pied) du métro.	"The flat is composed of 2 double bedroom, a bathroom, kitchen and a  double life room. It's a 1 min by walk from the subway ""Chateau Rouge"" and you can reach the top of the hill Montmartre by walking during 8 min. You will enjoy the calm of it You can call me whenever you want during your trip in Paris. 1 minute from Chateau Rouge line 4 5 minutes from Marcadet poissonniers line 12 3 minutes from Bus 85 Very wellplaced in Paris"
32128	The apartment is located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the famous Amelie cafe . it is composed of a bedroom with double bed, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet. It has the charm of a typical Parisian apartment: floor, ceiling moldings, fireplace. It is very clear (one window in each room - living room, bathroom - kitchen). 5th floor (no elevator) From the window you can see the Moulin Rouge. In terms of equipment, the studio provides: quilt, fitted sheets, pillowcases, duvet and pillows, towels, pans, mugs, glasses, kettle, Nespresso machine, bathroom towels, bath mats,Internet WIFI etc. . . Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris. 	Apartment located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the famous Amelie cafe. The apartment is located in Montmartre between stations Abbesses and Blanche. 5 minutes by walk from the Sacred Coeur and Moulin Rouge and 100 meters from the famous Amelie cafe . it is composed of a bedroom with double bed, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet. It has the charm of a typical Parisian apartment: floor, ceiling moldings, fireplace. It is very clear (one window in each room - living room, bathroom - kitchen). 5th floor (no elevator) From the window you can see the Moulin Rouge. In terms of equipment, the studio provides: quilt, fitted sheets, pillowcases, duvet and pillows, towels, pans, mugs, glasses, kettle, Nespresso machine, bathroom towels, bath mats,Internet WIFI etc. . . Enjoy the life of a real parisian in the last authentic and the most artistic district of Paris. 
32129	a cute flat for a week-end	a cute flat for a week-end
32130		Chambre avec Lit double face au Sacré Coeur à Montmartre dans un appartement de 65 m2. Salle de bain avec Baignoire, immeuble Haussmannien. Toutes les fenêtres de l'appartement donnant sur le Parc du Sacré Cœur, sans vis a vis...300m du Métro Anvers Attention, quelques remarques pour les personnes âgées...5ème étage sans ascenseur...Le lit et la baignoire sont en hauteur.
32131	"The bedroom is located on the top floor of a sunny duplex appartment, modern building with planted backyard near Montmartre. Private toilets and bathroom next to bedroom. You also have a private access to a little lovely balcony, perfect for a cup of coffee or tea in the morning (free access to the kitchen with Nespresso coffee maker). Queen size bed and enough space for a baby bed (bring your own) or a little mattress for a kid (available at no extra charge). No additional fee for 2nd or 3rd person.  ""Montmartre"" and ""Gare du Nord"" (access to airports) are just 900 meters away. We have two cats , they won't have any access to your bedroom, unless you leave your door open for a while !"	"12 sq. meter bedroom with private toilets and bathroom. Modern, quiet building. Duplex appartment located in backyard (no street nuisance). Free WiFi. Washer, dryer, kitchen. Near subway stations (lines 2, 4, 12). Quiet cat. Breakfast in option. The bedroom is located on the top floor of a sunny duplex appartment, modern building with planted backyard near Montmartre. Private toilets and bathroom next to bedroom. You also have a private access to a little lovely balcony, perfect for a cup of coffee or tea in the morning (free access to the kitchen with Nespresso coffee maker). Queen size bed and enough space for a baby bed (bring your own) or a little mattress for a kid (available at no extra charge). No additional fee for 2nd or 3rd person.  ""Montmartre"" and ""Gare du Nord"" (access to airports) are just 900 meters away. We have two cats , they won't have any access to your bedroom, unless you leave your door open for a while ! You will have free access to : -washroom (washer & dryer) -"
32132	Single bright room with King size bed and closet space for you ! A patio door will give access to a balcony. You will have access to the rest of the very well equipped apartment : Wifi acess, sound system, turn table, video projector, fully equipped kitchen, iron, washing machine ...	This room is a perfect place for Very close to Montmartre Hill (5 minutes by foot), located in a quite area, 2minutes away from Lamarck Subway station Stairs only - Will keep you in good shape !
32133	une pièce à vivre de 25m² lumineuse avec une cuisine équipée, une chambre calme sur cour, une salle d'eau neuve dans un immeuble 1900.	2 pièces avec grande pièce à vivre, double exposition, à 50m du marché et 100m du métro Marx Dormoy. une pièce à vivre de 25m² lumineuse avec une cuisine équipée, une chambre calme sur cour, une salle d'eau neuve dans un immeuble 1900. La gare du Nord est à 10' en bus n°35 ou 65. Soit nous nous croisons, soit une amie viendra vous accueillir pour vous montrer les détails pratiques :) J'aime le marché alimentaire avec les produits frais, la rue piétonne commerçante, le métro et le bus à 2' à pieds, la piscine à 300 m, l'ambiance village. Bus 35 ou 65 (qui passe par la Gare du Nord ou Est), ou métro ligne 12 
32134		Welcome to our comfortable one-bedroom apartment in Montmartre, the picturesque village of Paris's 18th arrondissement. Within walking distance of famous sights as well as shops and restaurants, it is also easily and quickly accessible by metro.
32135	Nice flat, 29m² located 2 underground stop from Montmartre and 10 minutes walk to La Villette and the Ourcq chanel (nice place to enjoy Paris) Full equiped flat : kitchen, washing machine, comfy bed and matress, cupboard, shelves, bedsheets, TV... For sure, you will have a pleasant time. You can cook every on your own (fridge, oven, micro-wave, 4 gas cooker, toaster, and all kitchen devices...) Bedroom separated. Perfect for one person or a couple. 2 big windows facing the court (double glazing) bring light in the appartement, hot and cosy place for a nice stay in Paris. No noise from the street. Easy access to different undergroud lines : La Chapelle (L2), Marx Dormoy (L12) and RER lines. 15 min walk to 2 international train stations: Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est (trains to London, Belgium and Netherlands) Monoprix supermarket: 200m Bank, pharmacy, restaurant, Mc Donalds,...: 500m 4th floor, no lift.	Calm and cosy flat ideal located in Paris. All renovated recently. Great place to stay and easy to access anywhere in Paris  (L2, L12, RER B, RER D). Nice flat, 29m² located 2 underground stop from Montmartre and 10 minutes walk to La Villette and the Ourcq chanel (nice place to enjoy Paris) Full equiped flat : kitchen, washing machine, comfy bed and matress, cupboard, shelves, bedsheets, TV... For sure, you will have a pleasant time. You can cook every on your own (fridge, oven, micro-wave, 4 gas cooker, toaster, and all kitchen devices...) Bedroom separated. Perfect for one person or a couple. 2 big windows facing the court (double glazing) bring light in the appartement, hot and cosy place for a nice stay in Paris. No noise from the street. Easy access to different undergroud lines : La Chapelle (L2), Marx Dormoy (L12) and RER lines. 15 min walk to 2 international train stations: Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est (trains to London, Belgium and Netherlands) Monoprix supermarket: 200m Ban
32136	Beautiful openplan 90m2 loft situated in a private, courtyard with decking & bamboo. Recently renovated loft converted lovingly into our family home with wooden floorboards throughout, new kitchen, bathroom, 1 lounge, 2 double bedrooms (160cm width Simmons matress on a ‘bed-up’ suspended system which enables the bed to be pushed up upon the ceiling during the day allowing bedroom 1 to be used as an office if required + 140 cm width Simmons matress standard double bed) and 1 childrens  bedroom with a single bed plus 1 baby travel cot with a real matress including childrens toys and books (0 – 7yrs). 1 double sofabed (Habitat 140cm width) in the lounge, 15m2 private courtyard, accessed directly from the kitchen, tranquil and light. The flat is located in rue Pajol, in front of the new eco neighbourhood of Zac Pajol, which consists of gardens, parks, concert hall, bars and restaurants, orgnanic bakery, library and gynasium. Situated next to three metro stations, La Chapelle (line 2), Marx	Loft type open space familial aménagé avec amour avec son petit jardin privé au coeur du nouvel eco quartier de la ZAC Pajol. Calme, lumineux, atypique et aéré. Beautiful openplan 90m2 loft situated in a private, courtyard with decking & bamboo. Recently renovated loft converted lovingly into our family home with wooden floorboards throughout, new kitchen, bathroom, 1 lounge, 2 double bedrooms (160cm width Simmons matress on a ‘bed-up’ suspended system which enables the bed to be pushed up upon the ceiling during the day allowing bedroom 1 to be used as an office if required + 140 cm width Simmons matress standard double bed) and 1 childrens  bedroom with a single bed plus 1 baby travel cot with a real matress including childrens toys and books (0 – 7yrs). 1 double sofabed (Habitat 140cm width) in the lounge, 15m2 private courtyard, accessed directly from the kitchen, tranquil and light. The flat is located in rue Pajol, in front of the new eco neighbourhood of Zac Pajol, which consist
32137	Il est situé à 10 minutes à pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur  Proche de Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est et Gare Saint-Lazare en métro. La ligne 12 va directement à la gare de Montparnasse.  Si besoin, je peux conseiller et orienter les voyageur dans Paris. Donner de bonnes adresses. La rue du poteau est très vivante et commerciale avec supermarchés, primeurs, traiteurs, restaurants divers... Métro ligne 12 station Jules Joffrin ou métro ligne 4 station Simplon (il faut un peu marcher pour la ligne 4)	Très beau studio à Montmartre, très calme, avec tout le confort nécessaire. Parfait pour une personne. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à trois personnes car il y a également un matelas gonflable deux personnes. Quartier vivant et rue avec de nombreux commerces de proximité, supermarchés, restaurants, traiteurs... Proche du métro.  Il est situé à 10 minutes à pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Cœur  Proche de Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est et Gare Saint-Lazare en métro. La ligne 12 va directement à la gare de Montparnasse.  Si besoin, je peux conseiller et orienter les voyageur dans Paris. Donner de bonnes adresses. La rue du poteau est très vivante et commerciale avec supermarchés, primeurs, traiteurs, restaurants divers... Métro ligne 12 station Jules Joffrin ou métro ligne 4 station Simplon (il faut un peu marcher pour la ligne 4)
32138	L appartement est neuf, beneficie du charme de l'ancien ( parquet moulure cheminee) , totalement equipé, avec internet. Il s'agit d'une chambre, avec accès salle de douche, toilettes et cuisine equipee Le quartier est tres animé, cosmopolite, securisé par une presence omni presente de police, a 5 minutes a pied du sacré coeur, quartier tres frequenté par les etudiants et les artistes. Ligne 4 Ligne 2 Bus 31	Tres jolie chambre Haussmanienne (cheminée, miroir doré, parquet, balcon, en excellent etat) , equipée d un bureau, lit 140 x 190,  internet, cuisine equipee, wc, salle de douche, lave linge, tout confort... L appartement est neuf, beneficie du charme de l'ancien ( parquet moulure cheminee) , totalement equipé, avec internet. Il s'agit d'une chambre, avec accès salle de douche, toilettes et cuisine equipee Le quartier est tres animé, cosmopolite, securisé par une presence omni presente de police, a 5 minutes a pied du sacré coeur, quartier tres frequenté par les etudiants et les artistes. Ligne 4 Ligne 2 Bus 31
32139		"Charming and cosy 1 bedroom flat in a very nice Parisian neighbourhood. 3mn away from the nearest tube station (Jules Joffrin) and 11mn walk from Sacré Coeur. Nice Bakeries, fresh market, bars and restaurant down the street. Bon séjour! Tout l'appartement est mis à disposition.  Selon les dates je pourrais être là pour acceuillir moi-même les voyageurs et leur donner plus de conseils pour leur séjour. Quartier animé à la fois populaire, familial et ""bobo"" avec plein de petites boutiques, restos et bars à proximité. Très bonne boulangerie à la sortie du métro  qui fait notamment d'excellents pains spéciaux et pâtisseries, et deux supermarchés a 2 mn de l'appartement, ainsi que deux primeurs et un supermarché bio. Metro Ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin), Ligne 4 (simplon) ou par bus ligne (phone number hidden) "
32140		très populaire et animé jusque tard la nuit Proximité Metro LA CHAPELLE (avec accès direct à la GARE DU NORD) ou M° MARX DORMOY peinture et décoration très usée et abimée 
32141		Working class neighbourhood with cheap grocery and  some quiet  restaurant. Close to the subway  2 subway station from  «  Sacré coeur » and 12 from «  les champs élysées. Apartment fully equiped (  2 televion LED, playstaion 4, projector, nespresso and all the common stuff that you need ) No smokers allowed
32142	The studio is very cute and although it is of modest size (19m2) it is equipped with all comfort you need even for a longer stay. It is very close to everything (cafes, cinema, restaurants, street markets).	Luminous, nicely decorated studio flat  in the Goutte d'Or area; 7 minutes walk from Gare du Nord and Montmartre, very close to amenities. Charming and cosy, would suit single or couple. Equipped with washer, microwave, oven, fridge, wifi, landline. The studio is very cute and although it is of modest size (19m2) it is equipped with all comfort you need even for a longer stay. It is very close to everything (cafes, cinema, restaurants, street markets). The flat has comfortable bedding for 1 person or 2 if a couple (sofa bed). Towels and bedsheets are available, there is a washer, an overn-microwave combination, electric stove, a ridge and plates, glasses and all kitchen ware necessary for cooking. The studio is located in the heart of the Goutte d'Or (Gold Drop) neighbourhood which has the livliest art scene in Paris. The area is very multicultural and home to Paris' different African and Asian communities which means that you find a great diversity of food for very affordable prices b
32143	Brand new flat, very bright : 5th floor with 2 big windows. 2 mini-balconies from which you can enjoy an amazing view on Paris rooftops and the Eiffel Tower (especially at night when it sparkles !) The flat has a lot of character, with wood floors and white walls. Bathroom and kitchen are very functional. The living-room sleeps up to 2 extra people (very comfortable fold-out sofa with Bultex mattress) but the flat is perfect for a couple wanting to enjoy the best of Paris. It is very quiet and peaceful thanks to double glazed windows.	"Brand new flat, cosy and bright, with an amazing view on Paris rooftops and the Eiffel Tower. In the heart of Montmartre, very close to many shops and main tourist attractions : Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge... Perfect for a couple  Brand new flat, very bright : 5th floor with 2 big windows. 2 mini-balconies from which you can enjoy an amazing view on Paris rooftops and the Eiffel Tower (especially at night when it sparkles !) The flat has a lot of character, with wood floors and white walls. Bathroom and kitchen are very functional. The living-room sleeps up to 2 extra people (very comfortable fold-out sofa with Bultex mattress) but the flat is perfect for a couple wanting to enjoy the best of Paris. It is very quiet and peaceful thanks to double glazed windows. I've been living in Paris for many years now so I can share all my tips with you, you only need to ask! I'm really found of the city and I want everyone to enjoy it as much as I do. Experience Paris like in ""Amélie"" ! Mon"
32144	This very private apartment is perfect for 2-3 people and is located in the lively and hip district of Paris, la Goutte d'Or, and a block away to Montmartre, and its Sacre Coeur.  The flat is modern, really cozy, bright with large windows,  with a magnificient and unique view on the Sacre Coeur. There is one en-suite bedroom with a really comfy bed, a large living room (with a two-people sofa bed but the mattress is less comfy than the bed) and open space kitchen, and separate restrooms.  Full equipped spacious separate kitchen (fridge, oven, kettle, coffee machine, freezer and a large dining table) Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels. You will find everything you need in the kitchen to cook and the bathroom essentials are at your disposal.  This one bedroom flat (one bedroom + one living room) is perfect for short term accommodation in Paris.  The apartment is in located in a busy area 5 minutes walking distance to Montma	My comfortable and cool 50m2 flat is perfect for 2-3 guests! It is located just a block from the famous Montmartre. The flat is very bright and cosy, and is at the 10th floor with 2 lifts. You will have the most  romantic view on the Sacré Coeur!  This very private apartment is perfect for 2-3 people and is located in the lively and hip district of Paris, la Goutte d'Or, and a block away to Montmartre, and its Sacre Coeur.  The flat is modern, really cozy, bright with large windows,  with a magnificient and unique view on the Sacre Coeur. There is one en-suite bedroom with a really comfy bed, a large living room (with a two-people sofa bed but the mattress is less comfy than the bed) and open space kitchen, and separate restrooms.  Full equipped spacious separate kitchen (fridge, oven, kettle, coffee machine, freezer and a large dining table) Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels. You will find everything you need in the kit
32145	Appartement situé au pied du métro Chateau-Rouge. Très bien deservie par le métro. Ligne 2 et 12. Gare du nord a 5min, à pied à 5 min a pied du Sacré Coeur. Quartier populaire, tous commerces à proximité, primeurs, poissonnerie, boulangerie... Idéal pour faire ses courses. 	"Near Montmartre (5mn) and of the heart of Paris , this apartment is at feet of the subway ""Chateau Rouge"" Appartement situé au pied du métro Chateau-Rouge. Très bien deservie par le métro. Ligne 2 et 12. Gare du nord a 5min, à pied à 5 min a pied du Sacré Coeur. Quartier populaire, tous commerces à proximité, primeurs, poissonnerie, boulangerie... Idéal pour faire ses courses. Les visiteurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Si je peux je serais là pour accueillir mes visiteurs, sinon un membre de ma famille vous accueillera. Et ainsi leur donner les adresses utiles. Equipement: -Cuisine aménagée avec four-plaque vitro céramique, réfrigérateur, cafetière, bouilloire et vaisselle,  -1 canapé convertible -d’une salle de bain avec lavabo, douche et WC,  - internet  -La literie et les serviettes sont fournies.  "
32146	This big sunny south-oriented room is located in an apartment 5 minutes walking distance from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church. Nearby metro stations are Gare du Nord (RER B direct to both airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. The apartment has a perfect location for somebody who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. You can get to Sacré Coeur in 10 minutes walking. The bedroom is big and cosy, with a double bed, chimney and a small couch making a chill out area. Also, there is a big double window overlooking one of the sides of the church, which make the room very private and charming.	This big sunny south-oriented room is 5 minutes walking from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church. The fully equipped kitchen, bathroom and separate toilets are available for you to use during your stay! This big sunny south-oriented room is located in an apartment 5 minutes walking distance from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church. Nearby metro stations are Gare du Nord (RER B direct to both airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. The apartment has a perfect location for somebody who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. You can get to Sacré Coeur in 10 minutes walking. The bedroom is big and cosy, with a double bed, chimney and a small couch making a chill out area. Also, there is a big double window overlooking one of the sides of the church, which make the room very private and charming. You will be able to enjoy the bedroom of course and use the bathroom, separate toilet and kitchen whenev
32147	"At just 4 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, beautiful 39m2 apartment, quiet, very bright, very doux.Tout charm, this renovated apartment combines Hausmanienne atmosphere with a modern climate, and is absolutely ideal to spend few days in Paris between good friends or lovers! There live, cook, relax, read, listen to music, in short, ""French living!"" This is a place very quickly, it feels a bit like home! The nearest metro station is Barbès station, which is less than a minute from the apartment, which is at the intersection lines 4 and 2.This a lively resort or there is always the world and animation, which is located just opposite the legendary cinema: Luxor a few streets Barbès, you can go a stroll quietly near Montmartre, and discover its charming cafes, restaurants, shops, galleries and artists ... and if you push a little walk, you will very easily to Pigalle and incredible atmosphere. ..Bref, stay promises to be charming and unique ...! Free wifi, kitchen, shower and toilet, TV. "	"This apartment is fully renovated, warm and comfortable, conveniently located 5 minutes from the Sacred Heart, in the most famous neighborhood of the capital! It accommodates 2 persons and offers all the comfort to feel like at home. At just 4 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur, beautiful 39m2 apartment, quiet, very bright, very doux.Tout charm, this renovated apartment combines Hausmanienne atmosphere with a modern climate, and is absolutely ideal to spend few days in Paris between good friends or lovers! There live, cook, relax, read, listen to music, in short, ""French living!"" This is a place very quickly, it feels a bit like home! The nearest metro station is Barbès station, which is less than a minute from the apartment, which is at the intersection lines 4 and 2.This a lively resort or there is always the world and animation, which is located just opposite the legendary cinema: Luxor a few streets Barbès, you can go a stroll quietly near Montmartre, and discover its charming cafes"
32148	The apartment is right in the middle of Montmartre, with an amazing view on both the Sacre Coeur and Paris. It is nicely decorated with fine furniture.  You'll be able to have breakfast on the balcony which is bathed with sunlight. 	Great apartment in the center of Montmartre. 45 sqm including kitchen, living room and bedroom with wooden floor and molding in pure Parisian style. Nicely decorated and with a 5sqm balcony offering an amazing view on both the Sacre Coeur and Paris. The apartment is right in the middle of Montmartre, with an amazing view on both the Sacre Coeur and Paris. It is nicely decorated with fine furniture.  You'll be able to have breakfast on the balcony which is bathed with sunlight.  Montmartre is typical Paris. Many a restaurants and bars in the neighborhood, with pittoresque streets and ambiance.  Tube station Abbesses is just 2 minute walk from the apartment Please note that the apartment is located on the 5th floor with no lift --but the view is definitely worth it.
32149	Apartment in a typical building of Montmartre on a beautiful course.	"Charming one bedroom , a very pretty typical course of Montmartre. Including two sleeps two people. 5 minutes from Montmartre , transportation and trade at 2 minutes. Apartment in a typical building of Montmartre on a beautiful course. Return of keys and various explanations of the neighborhood. The 18th district is located north of Paris and includes the neighborhoods of The Golden drop and Montmartre. This is one of the highest hills of Paris and the view from the top is worth the trip, whatever the climb ""the hard way"" is quite challenging. The Church of the Sacred Heart, Bastion of the Commune in Montmartre itself then became the electoral district of artists between 1907 and 1914. Picasso, Dali, Duchamp, Toulouse-Lautrec and many others, making for a brief period an intense creative focus, still palpable spirit today on the mound, although bohemian artists, today's population has mostly storefront. The district of Barbes, popular, massively populated North African immigrants, and "
32150	Just added on Aibnb site in  December 2012 Studio Apartment for 2/3 people Sleeps: 2/3 people (2 singles beds + 1 Futon mattress) Floor: 1st floor by the stairs (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway : 3 lines : line 2 - Anvers station + line 12 - Abbesses station + line 4 - Chateau Rouge station Bus : N°85, direct to the famous Luxembourg gardens Surface area: 290 sq.ft./ 27m2 Short List: WIFI Internet connection (Bring your laptop), international TV ( brand new big screen!), free local, national & international  phone calls from land phones to land phones for SFR service countries listing (USA, Australia, Europe and many more!...) - all the equipment and appliances you will need during a week - even a brand new washing machine, hot plates,  oven, micro-wave,  2 coffee machines ( 1 with filters, another Nespresso),  iron and its iron board,  vacuum cleaner,  hairdryer and many more...and of course, the linen you need (sheets, blankets, towels...) The 	In works till the end of April 2015. 5mn by feet from the famous Sacré Coeur Ideal for 2 people. Good price 3 windows overlooking private garden. Full of light Very quiet Very well connected with metro and bus Many bars and restaurants in the area. Just added on Aibnb site in  December 2012 Studio Apartment for 2/3 people Sleeps: 2/3 people (2 singles beds + 1 Futon mattress) Floor: 1st floor by the stairs (A 1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from Main Floor)  Subway : 3 lines : line 2 - Anvers station + line 12 - Abbesses station + line 4 - Chateau Rouge station Bus : N°85, direct to the famous Luxembourg gardens Surface area: 290 sq.ft./ 27m2 Short List: WIFI Internet connection (Bring your laptop), international TV ( brand new big screen!), free local, national & international  phone calls from land phones to land phones for SFR service countries listing (USA, Australia, Europe and many more!...) - all the equipment and appliances you will need during a week - even a bran
32151		Petit studio dans Le quartier de Montmartre, à Paris 18è. Quartier très sympa avec tout à proximité.
32152	Hello, I'm pleased to live in Montmartre and I'd like to invite you to my 29m2 studio 5 minutes from the Sacré-Coeur. The studio is composed of a large bedroom with a convertible bed, confortable sofas and enough place to store your package, I hope it will make you feel at home. The separate kitchen will allow you to cook stressless. The bathroom will seduce you with it's typical old parisian fashion style, I hope it will.  Located in the ground floor you won't have to climb endless stairs with your luggages to have a rest. There is a bunch of restaurant 20 meters from my place, with a special award for the pizzeria next door.  Transport:  Ligne 2 Anvers (7 minutes according to google maps, but you will only need 5 of them if you go down there), will take you from the Champs-Elysée or to the famous Père-Lachaise Cemetery.  Ligne 4 Chateau Rouge (4 minutes) is only 2 stops from Gare du Nord, which is handy if you arrived from Charles De Gaulle Airport or Eurostar. It will also bring you	My warm and comfortable appartement has a true Parisian feeling as it's just under the Sacré-Coeur and near lots of typically parisian bars and coffee. You will enjoy a separate kitchen and a tidy bathroom. Hello, I'm pleased to live in Montmartre and I'd like to invite you to my 29m2 studio 5 minutes from the Sacré-Coeur. The studio is composed of a large bedroom with a convertible bed, confortable sofas and enough place to store your package, I hope it will make you feel at home. The separate kitchen will allow you to cook stressless. The bathroom will seduce you with it's typical old parisian fashion style, I hope it will.  Located in the ground floor you won't have to climb endless stairs with your luggages to have a rest. There is a bunch of restaurant 20 meters from my place, with a special award for the pizzeria next door.  Transport:  Ligne 2 Anvers (7 minutes according to google maps, but you will only need 5 of them if you go down there), will take you from the Champs-Elysée 
32153	A typical haussmanian flat with a stylish bedroom, an ecclectic dining room and a cosy living room with a sofabed. A double door makes it possible to preserve privacy of travellers using the living room as a bedroom. A 1970 pistache green bathroom with a typical french bidet will make this trip very special. A welcome bottle of wine will be provided as well as a french breakfast with tea, coffee, home made jam, milk...	"Old parisian charm for this quiet and renovated apartment in a ""villa"" in Montmartre: hardwood floors, moldings, fireplaces. 58m2 with a double and a sunny living room and a bedroom with ""mediterranean blue"" walls. A typical haussmanian flat with a stylish bedroom, an ecclectic dining room and a cosy living room with a sofabed. A double door makes it possible to preserve privacy of travellers using the living room as a bedroom. A 1970 pistache green bathroom with a typical french bidet will make this trip very special. A welcome bottle of wine will be provided as well as a french breakfast with tea, coffee, home made jam, milk... The entire appartment will be for you.  The apartment is on the 4th floor, without elevator. It's real Montmartre, where Parisians live and spend their evenings. Shops are within walking distance. Common Transports : -Subway at 200m  (Guy Môquet, Line 13, to Champs-Elysées). -Bus 31 (Champs-Elysées) and 95 (Opéra, Louvre, Saint-Germain-des-Prés). Direct access"
32154	Un appartement typiquement parisien offrant une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, un jardin arboré et la Tour Eiffel. Vous la verrez scintiller depuis vos fenêtres ! 	Vous rêviez de suivre les traces d’Amélie Poulain cet appartement est fait pour vous !  Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, il dispose de 2 chambres avec chacune un lit de 2 personnes et dans le salon le canapé offre également un couchage pour 2 Un appartement typiquement parisien offrant une vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, un jardin arboré et la Tour Eiffel. Vous la verrez scintiller depuis vos fenêtres !  Nous vous remercions de ne pas utiliser l'ascenseur pour monter vos bagages à l'appartement situé au 3è étage, il n'est pas conçu pour cela et vous prenez le risque de rester bloquer. Vous pouvez en revanche l'utiliser pour vos déplacements au cours de votre séjour. Dès réception de votre réservation, je vous adresse un email avec en pièce jointe un document PDF dans lequel vous trouverez l'ensemble des informations nécessaires à l'accès à l'appartement. Elles vous seront indispensables à votre arrivée et durant votre séjour En plein cœur de Montmartre, la rue Lepic vous off
32155	M° Château Rouge. 10mn Ligne direct 4 vers Châtelet Les Halles, 10mn en vélib Centre Culturel Le 104 , Montmartre tranquille 15mn à pied, Pigalle 20 mn à pied, 	A 5mn à pied de Montmartre, 10 mn en métro Les Halles, studio lumineux,convertible de qualité, cuisine pratique avec plan de travail et ouverte sur chambre/salon,parquet, petite  salle de bain avec fenêtre, wc séparé, 3ème étage, bonne copro. M° Château Rouge. 10mn Ligne direct 4 vers Châtelet Les Halles, 10mn en vélib Centre Culturel Le 104 , Montmartre tranquille 15mn à pied, Pigalle 20 mn à pied, M° Chateau Rouge Non, désolé, je serai absente : ) Marché Dejean. Tous produits exotiques. 1mn M° Chateau Rouge, quelques places parking auto rue de Suez
32156	This cosy flat is ideally located. You will feel confortable !	This cosy flat is ideally located. You will feel confortable !
32157		Charming one bedroom apartment with lots of light on 5fth floor looking at the Paris rooftop. Over looking the second court yard of my building, my place is a very quiet retreat from the frantic Paris street. Come and rest !
32158	Mon appartement est fait pour accueillir un couple,il est entièrement équipé,vaisselle, linge de maison, produits d'entretien et produits alimentaires de premières nécessité.	" studio situé dans un immeuble haussmannien  sur le Blvd de Clichy à l'angle de la rue des Martyrs, entre le théâtre de la Cigale et le Moulin rouge. Mon appartement est fait pour accueillir un couple,il est entièrement équipé,vaisselle, linge de maison, produits d'entretien et produits alimentaires de premières nécessité. L'appartement est situé au premier étage sur cour (donc calme) il possède un ascenseur. les voyageurs auront accès sur le palier à un petit débarras d'environ 2 m2 avec rangements.             Cette partie du Boulevard est en pleine rénovation, des commerces de qualité sont installés.  L'immeuble est situé  en face de la station de métro ""Pigalle"" sur la ligne (website hidden) y a possibilité de se garer dans au moins deux parkings gardés à proximité de l'immeuble. "
32159		Our flat  Ideally located in Montmartre - artists historical area, nearby Sacre Coeur Basilica & Place du Tertre. In this area you find plenty of restaurants, cafés and typical boutiques. It’s a perfect place to discover local Parisian life.
32160		Internet, TV,  Conseils à donner pour de nouveaux visiteurs Montmartre, restaurants, bars, Boîte de nuits Metro 2 : arrêt Anvers ou Pigalle
32161	Guests will have access to all apartment amenities + garden.  Closest métro station is Lamarck Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) and various bus lines are available close by (95, 31, 60).  A short 5 minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur.	Guests will have access to all apartment amenities + garden.  Closest métro station is Lamarck Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) and various bus lines are available close by (95, 31, 60).  A short 5 minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur. Guests will have access to all apartment amenities + garden.  Closest métro station is Lamarck Caulaincourt (Ligne 12) and various bus lines are available close by (95, 31, 60).  A short 5 minute walk from the Sacré-Coeur.
32162		Charmant studio situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, quartier magique hors du temps dont la réputation n'est plus à faire. Équipé d'un lit double, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et de toilette séparée.  Laissez vous séduire par une décoration atypique et branchée.
32163	Very typical Montmartre apartment, with 3 bedrooms, sleeps up to 6 people, 2 bathrooms with bath, shower and toilet, 100 m2 (1075 sq.ft), fully equipped kitchen, Internet (high-speed).  Children friendly. Not smoking. It's a charming, full of light and very calm 3 floors flat for a family who wants to live in the typical Parisian artist area. It's located in Montmartre, in a quiet street, within three minutes walk to the Abbesses and Pigalle hip areas and public transportation.  On the 3th floor you will find an open working space, two bedrooms and a bathroom with toilet, bath, shower and washing machine. On the 4th floor there is the living room with a fireplace and a dining room, kitchen and another bathroom also with toilet, bath and shower. On the 5th floor there is a bedroom under the roof with a beautiful view on the Eiffel-tour and the Montmartre area.  The flat has been recently completely renovated. Also available: telephone, stereo / hifi, central heating, TV / cable, sofa, f	Very typical Montmartre apartment, with 3 bedrooms, sleeps up to 6 people, 2 bathrooms with bath, shower and toilet, 100 m2 (1075 sq.ft), fully equipped kitchen, Internet (high-speed).  Children friendly. Not smoking. It's a charming, full of light and very calm 3 floors flat for a family who wants to live in the typical Parisian artist area. It's located in Montmartre, in a quiet street, within three minutes walk to the Abbesses and Pigalle hip areas and public transportation.  On the 3th floor you will find an open working space, two bedrooms and a bathroom with toilet, bath, shower and washing machine. On the 4th floor there is the living room with a fireplace and a dining room, kitchen and another bathroom also with toilet, bath and shower. On the 5th floor there is a bedroom under the roof with a beautiful view on the Eiffel-tour and the Montmartre area.  The flat has been recently completely renovated. Also available: telephone, stereo / hifi, central heating, TV / cable, sofa, f
32164		This elegant and cosy apartment is located in the 18th closed to Montmartre. Full of light, comfortable, fully furnished, this apartment is composed of 1 living-room with sofa and table, 1 bedroom with 1 and 1 desk, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom. 
32165	 Beautiful and charming 3 rooms of 55 m2 (wooden floor, moldings, fireplaces).  The apartment includes a large bedroom with a double bed. The toilet is separated from the bathroom. An office where we can put a mattress on the floor for a third person or a child. A large living room with a stunning view over the rooftops of Paris. We have 2 balconies (one in the office and one in the living room )  The apartment is on the sixth floor (no elevator ), we have a magnificent view of the “Sacré Coeur” and the rooftops of Paris, extremely bright all day long (direct sunlight into the bedroom in the morning, and sunlight in the living room in the afternoon). The apartment is located 1 min away from the subway Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 min from La chapelle (line 2), 10 min from Marcadet poissonnière (line 4) and 15 min walk from the gare du nord. We are 15/20 min walk (4 metro stops) from the famous district of the sacré coeur! As well as 10 min walk from quai de Loire and quai de Seine cinemas	 Beautiful and charming 3 rooms of 55 m2 (wooden floor, moldings, fireplaces).  The apartment includes a large bedroom with a double bed. The toilet is separated from the bathroom. An office where we can put a mattress on the floor for a third person or a child. A large living room with a stunning view over the rooftops of Paris. We have 2 balconies (one in the office and one in the living room )  The apartment is on the sixth floor (no elevator ), we have a magnificent view of the “Sacré Coeur” and the rooftops of Paris, extremely bright all day long (direct sunlight into the bedroom in the morning, and sunlight in the living room in the afternoon). The apartment is located 1 min away from the subway Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 min from La chapelle (line 2), 10 min from Marcadet poissonnière (line 4) and 15 min walk from the gare du nord. We are 15/20 min walk (4 metro stops) from the famous district of the sacré coeur! As well as 10 min walk from quai de Loire and quai de Seine cinemas
32166		This nice studio is very practical for two people. There is a little kitchen, a bathroom, and a nice living-room. The view is peaceful (on trees and garden), a perfect place to rest after visiting Paris ! The Abbesses area illustrate the atmosphere of this neighborhood that has kept this charming village. A lively area with shops / bar / brasseries. The Abbesses Metro Station is superb and his ride reminiscent of another time ... One of the most beautiful places in Paris. Métro Abbesses, Blanche, Pigalle. Montmartrobus.
32167	Hello everyone! We offer a nice apartment with 2 rooms, located 5min walk from Montmartre and 20 minutes by metro from Chatelet! The apartment includes a living room, a bedroom, a small kitchen, a bathroom and a long balcony. Fully furnished and equipped (bed for 2 people, sofa bed, TV, table on the balcony, deck, wifi ...). Ideal for a couple. We just ask you to water our tomatoes on the balcony! ;-)	Hello everyone! We offer a nice apartment with 2 rooms, located 5min walk from Montmartre and 20 minutes by metro from Chatelet! The apartment includes a living room, a bedroom, a small kitchen, a bathroom and a long balcony. Fully furnished and equipped (bed for 2 people, sofa bed, TV, table on the balcony, deck, wifi ...). Ideal for a couple. We just ask you to water our tomatoes on the balcony! ;-)
32168	Un confort irréprochable, le voyageur se sentira chez lui...	Un charmant deux pièces, situé dans un quartier très sympa et calme. très proche des commerces et transport. une chambre, un séjour(télévision, internet, téléphone,..),une cuisine équipée,   6 ème étage sans ascenseur Un confort irréprochable, le voyageur se sentira chez lui... L'appartement entier sera à disposition de mes invités (accès total). Je serai ravi d'accueillir mes invités et de les aider au bon déroulé de leur séjour. Je reste joignable par téléphone et mail à tout moment et me déplacer si besoin. Quartier agréable par ses restaurants, ses cafés en terrasse, son marché, très proche de l'un des grands sites touristique de Paris (sacré coeur- Monmartre) Le logement se trouve près de la station Marx Dormoy (L 12) et à 5 minutes à pied de Gare du nord (grandes lignes TGV Londre, Bruxelle,..)
32169	Discover one of the best apartment in Paris available on Airbnb! You will have full use of this 20m2 apartment for two people. Situated in a peaceful internal courtyard, it was completely refurbished at the beginning of 2014 and tastefully decorated by an architect to give it a modern and practical feel, that you are just going to love! It has a kitchen with a dining area, and a private bathroom with shower and WC. The bedroom, which has a real bed (with spring interior mattress and base and a very comfortable top mattress) is situated on the first floor, accessible by a little spiral staircase.  The apartment is fully equipped: - microwave oven/grill - induction hob  - kitchen equipment (electric mixer...) - Bosch fridge  - toaster  - Nespresso coffee maker (with capsules supplied) - LG washer-drier (detergent supplied) - ironing board - Wifi internet  - latest generation Samsung TV (USB, Wifi, DLNA, applications, games...) - Dyson vacuum cleaner To make life easier and lighten your l	Your charming duplex for two people in Montmartre, refurbished in a contemporary style and well-equipped. You will be close to the famous Basilica of Sacré-Coeur in a typically Parisian district. Métro, restaurants and bars are close by. Discover one of the best apartment in Paris available on Airbnb! You will have full use of this 20m2 apartment for two people. Situated in a peaceful internal courtyard, it was completely refurbished at the beginning of 2014 and tastefully decorated by an architect to give it a modern and practical feel, that you are just going to love! It has a kitchen with a dining area, and a private bathroom with shower and WC. The bedroom, which has a real bed (with spring interior mattress and base and a very comfortable top mattress) is situated on the first floor, accessible by a little spiral staircase.  The apartment is fully equipped: - microwave oven/grill - induction hob  - kitchen equipment (electric mixer...) - Bosch fridge  - toaster  - Nespresso coffee
32170		Charmant 2 pièces dans le 18ème à mi chemin entre la gare du Nord et Montmartre desservi par les lignes 2 et 4 du métro ainsi que par de nombreux bus. A 5 mn à pied du célèbre Cinéma Louxor, venez vous installer dans ce lieu calme donnant sur cour 
32171		Je loue un charmant studio meuble en 7eme etage composé d'un balcon donnant sur le sacré coeur, une chambre  bien équipe et une salle de bain, ainsi q'une kitchenette comportant TS les ustensiles avec un frigo,plaque de cuisson et four multifonction.
32172	Quiet, luminous and typically parisian apartment: bed-sitting room ensuite + equipped kitchen + bathroom (tub and shower). Documentation about paris (metro maps, guides...) 	15 min walking to Montmartre. Quiet, luminous and typically modern parisian apartment in a lively area (market, shops,...) - All transports (incl. self service bikes) - 15 min metro to Louvres.   Quiet, luminous and typically parisian apartment: bed-sitting room ensuite + equipped kitchen + bathroom (tub and shower). Documentation about paris (metro maps, guides...)  All the appartment, TV, Wifi,  Welcome in English, information in Engish about the apartement, the area (best restaurants, bakeries, shoppping...) and Paris. Functional and charming apartement in one of the last authentic areas in Paris, at the bottom of the hill of Montmartre, well linked with the attractive areas of the city. 2 metro lines, 5 bus lines, sel-service bike rental (Velib') and car rental (Autolib'). A concierge is present everyday (except on sundays). 
32173	L'immeuble est le plus ancien de Montmartre! Cerise sur la gâteau, un jardin privé, réservé à la copropriété, dort à l'abris des regards indiscrets. Van Gogh y a peint des oeuvres célèbres... 	L'immeuble est le plus ancien de Montmartre! Cerise sur la gâteau, un jardin privé, réservé à la copropriété, dort à l'abris des regards indiscrets. Van Gogh y a peint des oeuvres célèbres...  Montmartre n'a plus besoin de défendre sa réputation! Quartier magnifique, animé et chaleureux. Définitivement envoutant!  Plusieurs lignes de métro desservent la butte (ligne 2, ligne 12) ainsi que de nombreux bus. Le Montmartrobus - petit bus de la butte, ou encore le funiculaire facilite l'ascension (qui reste néanmoins très accessible à pieds!)
32174	Tres spatieux et agreable. Fournitures minimales . Que les draps. Pas de serviettes de toilettes fournies.	situe dans la zone populaire du 18 eme, a quelques minutes a pied de Montmartre. Cet appartement haussmannien a garde tout son cache parisien. Belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet, moulures et cheminées en marbre. A LOUER UNIQUEMENT A LA SEMAINE Tres spatieux et agreable. Fournitures minimales . Que les draps. Pas de serviettes de toilettes fournies. Metro ligne 12 ou 4. RER ligne B gare du nord. Quartier populaire au melange culturel. Plutot festif à proximite du marche africain. Ligne 12 ou 4. RER B gare du nord.
32175	Quartier vivant, nombreux commerces alentours. Proche du métro (ligne 4-Simplon/ligne 12-Jules Joffrin)	Comfortable 60sqm 3 rooms flat, 2 bedrooms with double beds, open kitchen in the big living room, bathroom and independant toilets. On a walkable distance from Montmatre(10min), in a pleasant and lively district with all needed stores nearby!  Near from the subway ligne 4 (Simplon) and ligne 12 (Jules Joffrin) Bus lignes
32176		Chambre agréable et calme avec lit mezzanine et canapé, dans un appartement en colocation situé entre Jules Joffin et Porte de Clignacourt.  Cuisine équipée (plaques, four, micro-onde, bouilloire) et salle de bain avec grande douche à disposition. (Sèche-cheveux si besoin, machine à laver). Chambre, Cuisine, Salle de bain Non je leur prête ma chambre pendant mon absence La proximité des commerces, et l'appartement est situé tout près de Montmartre quartier très touristique. Metro Porte de Clignancourt (ligne 4)  Ou métro Jules Joffrin (ligne 12). La chambre à disposition se trouve dans un appartement en colocation : j'ai 2 colocataires donc discrétion, respect et convivialité sont appréciés.
32177	****SPECIAL JULY-AUGUST 2015 RATES 40€ /night, specific minimum stay 5 nights *********Welcome to this bright and quiet fully furnished and equipped flat, 28 m2/310 sq feet, 2nd floor, no lift. ********* 18th, close to trendy Abbesses (Montmartre), shops... Very safe area.  Suitable for a couple or 1 person.  View on interior courtyard,  separate kitchen,  bathroom, (shower) brand new washing machine dish-washer nespresso machine  wifi, Home video projector (silent by Sanyo) Iphone / Ipod dock linen provided,  New sleeper sofa.  3 mn from metro. (line 12 and 4 for a quick access to center)  Flexible check-in and check-out. 250 € cash security deposit upon check-in refunded upon check-out.   FOR ANY ENQUIRY PLEASE SPECIFY DATES  AND IDEALLY CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT TIMES TO FACILITATE, PLEASE TAKE TIME TO ASK ANY QUESTIONS *******PREFERABLY IN ONE MAIL/MESSAGE ONLY ***** Kind regards and looking forward to hearing from you...	Montmartre - Specific offer  40 € /night all inclusive.  Minimum stay 5 nights. ****SPECIAL JULY-AUGUST 2015 RATES 40€ /night, specific minimum stay 5 nights *********Welcome to this bright and quiet fully furnished and equipped flat, 28 m2/310 sq feet, 2nd floor, no lift. ********* 18th, close to trendy Abbesses (Montmartre), shops... Very safe area.  Suitable for a couple or 1 person.  View on interior courtyard,  separate kitchen,  bathroom, (shower) brand new washing machine dish-washer nespresso machine  wifi, Home video projector (silent by Sanyo) Iphone / Ipod dock linen provided,  New sleeper sofa.  3 mn from metro. (line 12 and 4 for a quick access to center)  Flexible check-in and check-out. 250 € cash security deposit upon check-in refunded upon check-out.   FOR ANY ENQUIRY PLEASE SPECIFY DATES  AND IDEALLY CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT TIMES TO FACILITATE, PLEASE TAKE TIME TO ASK ANY QUESTIONS *******PREFERABLY IN ONE MAIL/MESSAGE ONLY ***** Kind regards and looking forward to hearing
32178	Extremement bien placé dans le coeur de Montmartre et près de la rue des Abbesses et la place des Abbesses Seul à l'étage et traversant Nord Sud dans un petit immeuble de 3 étages . 2 chambres à coucher avec chacune une salle d'eau avec toilettes,  séparées par un séjour de 40 m avec 4 fenêtres. Grande cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle.	Appartement contemporain au 2 étage occupant un étage entier et offrant 2 chambres à coucher avec chacune sa salle de bain et toilettes. Grand séjour de 40 M et spacieuse cuisine équipée. La place des Abbesses est à 10 mètres. Parfait pour quatre personnes. Extremement bien placé dans le coeur de Montmartre et près de la rue des Abbesses et la place des Abbesses Seul à l'étage et traversant Nord Sud dans un petit immeuble de 3 étages . 2 chambres à coucher avec chacune une salle d'eau avec toilettes,  séparées par un séjour de 40 m avec 4 fenêtres. Grande cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle. L'appartement est loué en entier  par mail et téléphone Bien connu, Montmartre est un des quartiers les plus authentiques de Paris et a su conserver son charme et pittoresque. Ses immeubles bas et jardins lui donnent un air de campagne. De plus, il est piéton le WE. . par le métro Abbesses
32179	You will be in the heart of Paris in a calm and cozy flat with a garden. Bedroom Queen size bed, very confortable. Space for your closes and suitcase. Livingroom Sofa bed (real mattress), table with 4 chairs, stereo, no tv sorry... Kitchen Fully furnished (dishwasher, microwave, oven, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, blender...) I love cooking and have all the material. Please use it with pleasure Bathroom Bath tube (yes!), laundry machine, towel heater, hairdryer Toilet and entrance Garden Big table with chairs, outside sofa...  I just love sending sunday afternoon there. Perfect after spending a whole day visting Paris. Sheets and towels are included. 	Fully furnished, in the heart of Paris. 5 minutes away from the main transportation (train station, metro, bus, velib...). 5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur (so romantic). Very confortable with a garden! You will be in the heart of Paris in a calm and cozy flat with a garden. Bedroom Queen size bed, very confortable. Space for your closes and suitcase. Livingroom Sofa bed (real mattress), table with 4 chairs, stereo, no tv sorry... Kitchen Fully furnished (dishwasher, microwave, oven, freezer, toaster, coffee machine, blender...) I love cooking and have all the material. Please use it with pleasure Bathroom Bath tube (yes!), laundry machine, towel heater, hairdryer Toilet and entrance Garden Big table with chairs, outside sofa...  I just love sending sunday afternoon there. Perfect after spending a whole day visting Paris. Sheets and towels are included.  You will have access to all the appartment. Including the garden. I am available by phone and email before and during your stay! I
32180	Located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) The apartment has 1 big bedroom with a queen size bed and a big wardrobe. A nice living room offers a dining and living area with a sofa bed where can 2 people can sleep, the dining table by the window overlooks the Sacré Coeur. The bathroom is convenient next to the bedroom with bathtub with shower,  washbasin and toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with multi purposed oven, hot plates, toaster, boiler, coffee maker, fridge-freezer. The house has electric heating. Bed linen and towels are provided as well as hair dryer, iron, washer, vacuum cleaner, free high speed internet access, Wi-Fi (wireless broadband) and TV. FINAL CLEANING FEE: 40 EUROS	ideally located in front of the scare Coeur, the apartment offers a quirky spot to come home to and enjoy a relaxing night in when you've been on the go all day. it is very charming with  an authentic atmosphere with all the modern comfort ! Located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) The apartment has 1 big bedroom with a queen size bed and a big wardrobe. A nice living room offers a dining and living area with a sofa bed where can 2 people can sleep, the dining table by the window overlooks the Sacré Coeur. The bathroom is convenient next to the bedroom with bathtub with shower,  washbasin and toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with multi purposed oven, hot plates, toaster, boiler, coffee maker, fridge-freezer. The house has electric heating. Bed linen and towels are provided as well as hair dryer, iron, washer, vacuum cleaner, free high speed internet access, Wi-Fi (wireless broadband) and TV. FINAL CLEANING FEE: 40 EUROS This apartment overlooking the Sacré Coeur offers a prime locat
32181	*********Welcome to this bright and quiet fully furnished and equipped flat, 28 m2/310 sq feet, 2nd floor, no lift. ********* 18th, close to trendy Abbesses (Montmartre), shops... Very safe area.  Suitable for a couple or 1 person.  View on interior courtyard,  separate kitchen, bathroom,  brand new washing machine  home video projector (silent by Sanyo) wifi, HIFI NAD Viso 1 speaker / dock station nespresso machine dish-washer linen provided,  Brand new sleeper sofa.  3 mn from metro. (line 12 and 4 for a quick access to center)  Minimum stay: 3 nights   maximum stay: 3 nights Flexible check-in and check-out. 250 € cash security deposit upon check-in refunded upon check-out.  (for stays up to 1 month, then amount depending on stay length) ********Kindly refer to calendar to see the rates.**************  FOR ANY ENQUIRY PLEASE SPECIFY DATES  AND IDEALLY CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT TIMES TAKE TIME TO ASK ANY QUESTIONS *******PREFERABLY IN ONE MAIL/MESSAGE ONLY ***** Kind regards and looking forw	*********Welcome to this bright and quiet fully furnished and equipped flat, 28 m2/310 sq feet, 2nd floor, no lift. ********* 18th, close to trendy Abbesses (Montmartre), shops... Very safe area.  Suitable for a couple or 1 person.  View on interior courtyard,  separate kitchen, bathroom,  brand new washing machine  home video projector (silent by Sanyo) wifi, HIFI NAD Viso 1 speaker / dock station nespresso machine dish-washer linen provided,  Brand new sleeper sofa.  3 mn from metro. (line 12 and 4 for a quick access to center)  Minimum stay: 3 nights   maximum stay: 3 nights Flexible check-in and check-out. 250 € cash security deposit upon check-in refunded upon check-out.  (for stays up to 1 month, then amount depending on stay length) ********Kindly refer to calendar to see the rates.**************  FOR ANY ENQUIRY PLEASE SPECIFY DATES  AND IDEALLY CHECK-IN/CHECK-OUT TIMES TAKE TIME TO ASK ANY QUESTIONS *******PREFERABLY IN ONE MAIL/MESSAGE ONLY ***** Kind regards and looking forw
32182	Room in a flat (60m2) situated at the heart of the hill of Montmartre (2 mns away from Lamarck Caulaincourt station, line 12) near the famous vineyards of Paris. In the area you'll find nice and good shops, cafes and restaurants. The room to rent offers acces to internet, possibility to call freely to fixed phone in a vast amount of country (including Europe, USA, Canada, Japan, China,...), books and documents relating to Paris. You'll sleep in a confortable bed with fresh linens. A bathroom with shower adjacent to the bedroom is to be shared  (towels furnished if desired and possibility to use a washing machine). A kitchen (with large amounts of utensils) and a sitting room are also available if you wish to prepare food and/or spend time calmly in another room of the flat. The apartment is non smoker but the addicts to the cigarets are tolerated as long as they smoke on balcony. I have got quite a bit of experience about sharing the space in this flat and I would do my best to make yo	Room in a flat (60m2) situated at the heart of the hill of Montmartre (2 mns away from Lamarck Caulaincourt station, line 12) near the famous vineyards of Paris. In the area you'll find nice and good shops, cafes and restaurants. The room to rent offers acces to internet, possibility to call freely to fixed phone in a vast amount of country (including Europe, USA, Canada, Japan, China,...), books and documents relating to Paris. You'll sleep in a confortable bed with fresh linens. A bathroom with shower adjacent to the bedroom is to be shared  (towels furnished if desired and possibility to use a washing machine). A kitchen (with large amounts of utensils) and a sitting room are also available if you wish to prepare food and/or spend time calmly in another room of the flat. The apartment is non smoker but the addicts to the cigarets are tolerated as long as they smoke on balcony. I have got quite a bit of experience about sharing the space in this flat and I would do my best to make yo
32183	One bedroom, 1 bathtub, 1 vast living-room and one big kitchen, 1 balcony, do you really need more? Either with parquet with cachet or with soft carpet, the bedrooms can host up to 5 people, making the apartment an ideal place to stay for families or friends.  As for the balcony, it will please everyone for sure, whether you like to have breakfast outside in the morning, a glass of wine in the evening, or simply improve your tan!  Welcome in the 18th!	At the edge of Paris, in a very cosmopolitan and lively neighborhood, welcome to my quiet and spacious 3-bedrooms apartment, ideal for families with children or groups of friends. With its vast balcony, you will appreciate your breakfast outside ! One bedroom, 1 bathtub, 1 vast living-room and one big kitchen, 1 balcony, do you really need more? Either with parquet with cachet or with soft carpet, the bedrooms can host up to 5 people, making the apartment an ideal place to stay for families or friends.  As for the balcony, it will please everyone for sure, whether you like to have breakfast outside in the morning, a glass of wine in the evening, or simply improve your tan!  Welcome in the 18th! You’ll have exclusive access to the whole apartment. At the North edge of Paris, in the heights of the city, welcome in a totally different neighborhood! Cosmopolitan, colorful, full of life, of markets and exoticism! The 18th arrondissement! Between Saint-Ouen, its flea market where one could s
32184	Hello,  The flat is composed of two room. A big one in wich there is 2 windows, a table to eat and a sofa. There is also an american kitchen. The bath room is so nice, there is a bath with a window. And the bed room has a big bed, a little desk and storage to put your clothes.  The flat is really nice for a kooples. In the area there is an inside market and nice bar. I can give you some good adress if you want just ask me ! There is 3 lines of subway ( 2, 5, 4 ) who can take you to the Sacre Coeur, Centre Georges Pompidou in few minutes. And there is also a lot of bus.  and there is a baby bed if you need  !	Hello,  The flat is composed of two room. A big one in wich there is 2 windows, a table to eat and a sofa. There is also an american kitchen. The bath room is so nice, there is a bath with a window. And the bed room has a big bed, a little desk and storage to put your clothes.  The flat is really nice for a kooples. In the area there is an inside market and nice bar. I can give you some good adress if you want just ask me ! There is 3 lines of subway ( 2, 5, 4 ) who can take you to the Sacre Coeur, Centre Georges Pompidou in few minutes. And there is also a lot of bus.  and there is a baby bed if you need  !
32185	The flat has a very good energy. It's clean and renovated and I like when people feel relax in my place.	Bedroom in a 2 rooms appartment under the roofs, clear, bright and calm. I'm seeking for a female roommate only. The flat has a very good energy. It's clean and renovated and I like when people feel relax in my place. There's a bathroom with toilets in the flat. Also a kitchen with everything to cook with I'm fun and easygoing, I like to cook and share activities with the people I live with. There'a swimming-pool at the corner and a market 5mn by walks, which is opened even in the afternoon.  The area is popular with lots of nationalities, everybody living together in harmony.  There's also some nice cafés and restaurants.  I could give you my favorites places to go (Hammam, cinémas, art-centers, etc...) Metro: Max Dormoy  Tramway: porte de la chapelle  Bus: 65, 60, 35, ...  RER B gare du Nord The flat is located on the 6th floor without elevator if you want to do exercise ;-) It is a small flat, so we would have to get along quite well.
32186	Nice studio of 25 m2 which includes a comfortable double bed, kitchen, hardwood floors, wifi ...  The apartment is on the ground floor but looks out onto the courtyard so it’s very quiet. It also has shutters. The kitchen is equipped. Located closed to the Sacre Coeur, the area is very typical of Paris. Let's discover the cultural richness and abundance of life in Paris in the heart of the 18th arrondissement. Apartment very well served by public transport (metro lines 4 and 12) and located 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur	Nice studio of 25 m2 which includes a comfortable double bed, kitchen, hardwood floors, wifi ...  The apartment is on the ground floor but looks out onto the courtyard so it’s very quiet. It also has shutters. The kitchen is equipped. Located closed to the Sacre Coeur, the area is very typical of Paris. Let's discover the cultural richness and abundance of life in Paris in the heart of the 18th arrondissement. Apartment very well served by public transport (metro lines 4 and 12) and located 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur
32187	Not only a bedroom, but a large living room with guitars, fireplace and television and a kitchen with everything you need to feel at home!	Welcome to your very spacious bedroom in my 115m2 apartment in Montmartre (15 minutes by foot from the Sacre Coeur; 20 minutes by metro to Opera and the center). There's a full bed and the possibility to add another mattress if more than 2 guests. I live here with my 9yo son and we are both calm and love sharing our apartment with friends, family and travellers. I'm American but have lived in the neighborhood for over 10 years so any questions about Paris, I'm your girl! Not only a bedroom, but a large living room with guitars, fireplace and television and a kitchen with everything you need to feel at home! Bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom I've lived her for 10+ years and would love to share my Parisian knowledge with you! I also have city guide books if you're looking for maps or more info. Residential yet animated, this area of Montmartre is full of restaurants, cafés and open air markets. There are 3 metros nearby: line 12, 4 and 2, which will take you nearly everywhere in Pa
32188	We are a 3 kids parisian family and we will be happy to let you enjoy our beloved flat and area while we're on holidays ! Beautiful 120 m2 duplex flat on the 5th floor (with lift) of a typical Montmartre building in one of the nicest streets of the neighbourhood (rue des martyrs) : - 1st level : 1 big room with a beautiful view on parisian roofs = open kitchen (fully equipped) / dining room / living room + 1 bedroom with a double bed + 1 bathroom with tub + WC - 2nd level (under the roof) : 2 bedrooms (1 with 2 single beds and 1 with 1 single bed + 1 cot) Honestly our lively area is ideal : plenty of stores, restaurants, bars, so many things to see... Flat screen cable TV / Wifi  Minimum 7 days stay. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Nous sommes une famille avec 3 enfants et nous serions ravis que vous puissiez profiter de notre appartement et de notre quartier pendant que nous serons en vacances ! Il s'agit donc d'un bel appartement 	Beautiful last floor (with lift) 120 m2 duplex apartment in one of the nicest streets of Montmartre. 3 bedrooms. Magnifique appartement de 120 m2 en duplex au dernier étage avec ascenseur dans une des rues les + agréables de Montmartre, 3 chambres. We are a 3 kids parisian family and we will be happy to let you enjoy our beloved flat and area while we're on holidays ! Beautiful 120 m2 duplex flat on the 5th floor (with lift) of a typical Montmartre building in one of the nicest streets of the neighbourhood (rue des martyrs) : - 1st level : 1 big room with a beautiful view on parisian roofs = open kitchen (fully equipped) / dining room / living room + 1 bedroom with a double bed + 1 bathroom with tub + WC - 2nd level (under the roof) : 2 bedrooms (1 with 2 single beds and 1 with 1 single bed + 1 cot) Honestly our lively area is ideal : plenty of stores, restaurants, bars, so many things to see... Flat screen cable TV / Wifi  Minimum 7 days stay. -----------------------------------------
32189	la vue unique sur le sacré cœur et bien d'autre encore....	en plein quartier populaire de Paris se petit cocon est situer sur les toit de paris, tout équipé ,très illuminé très cosy....parfait pour des petites vacance en amoureux avec une vue imprenable sur les divers monuments qui fond paris. la vue unique sur le sacré cœur et bien d'autre encore.... tous le logement mon numéro est disponible si vous avez besoin d'un guide. quartier du 18 eme très populaire et très agréable tout a disposition petit commerces pharmacie marché ... arrêt de bus plus ligne 2 et 12
32190	L'appartement cumule principalement 2 avantages : tout en étant au coeur du dynamisme du quartier de la Goutte d'Or il est situé au 5e étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble donnant sur deux cours intérieures, offrant ainsi calme et luminosité. Entièrement équipé, l'espace est idéal pour accueillir deux voyageurs.	Studio calme et lumineux, situé au coeur et à proximité de quartiers dynamiques (Barbès/ Château Rouge, Montmartre - Sacré Coeur, La Chapelle) et des lignes de métro correspondantes. Entièrement meublé et équipé, il peut accueillir confortablement deux personnes. L'appartement cumule principalement 2 avantages : tout en étant au coeur du dynamisme du quartier de la Goutte d'Or il est situé au 5e étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble donnant sur deux cours intérieures, offrant ainsi calme et luminosité. Entièrement équipé, l'espace est idéal pour accueillir deux voyageurs. L'appartement est proche de plusieurs lignes de métro, grands axes de la capitale : la ligne 2 et la ligne 4. Le quartier de la Goutte d'Or regorge de nombreux commerces (épiceries, boulangeries ouvert 7j/7 et jusqu'à 22h) et lieux de sortie (bar, restaurant, espaces culturels, le cinéma le Louxor à Barbès - 10 minutes à pieds). Plusieurs marchés se trouvent à proximité : Dejean (à 2 pas de l'appartement, tous les jour
32191	The flat is bathed in light and very silent with its 3 windows overlooking the courtyard. Recently renovated, there is a double-bed (140x190) in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine and everything you would need to cook ! The bathroom is spacious and charming with its white and blue tiles.	"This charming, moderne and very quiet 2-room apartment will perfectly fit for 1 to 3 travellers tempted by the idea of living typical parisian experience close to Montmarte (5 minutes walk). Everything you need just in the corner! The flat is bathed in light and very silent with its 3 windows overlooking the courtyard. Recently renovated, there is a double-bed (140x190) in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a Nespresso coffee machine and everything you would need to cook ! The bathroom is spacious and charming with its white and blue tiles. All the flat will be available. I'll be happy to answer any of your questions before and during your stay. I also always provide a guide to my hosts with my favourite addresses in the neighborhood ! The 18th! One of the most typical Parisian ""arrondissement"" at the corner of the unique bohemian lifestyle of Montmarte and a more popular Paris with its melting pot of cultures close to Chateau Rouge. Easy "
32192	The flat is in a typical Montmatre building, on the 4th floor (no elevator). It is about 40m2 and is composed of 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bathroom and 1 bedroom.  The flat is very bright especially in the afternoon, and moreover it is very quiet, which is rare in Paris.	Welcome to Montmartre, the most pleasant and charming district of Paris. The apartment is ideally placed next to the garden of the sacré coeur. Cosy appartment (1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom), very brigth and quiet. The flat is in a typical Montmatre building, on the 4th floor (no elevator). It is about 40m2 and is composed of 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bathroom and 1 bedroom.  The flat is very bright especially in the afternoon, and moreover it is very quiet, which is rare in Paris. The neighborhood is very lively, there are many nice bars and restaurants around, and it's also a good place for shopping. There is not even 5 minutes walk to the Sacré coeur and to the very nice distric of the Abbesses. It is very easy to use the metro since it is between the station Barbès-Rochechouart, Anvers and Abbesses. You can take either the line 2, 4 or 12.
32193	A studio apartment fully furnished and equipped for 2 persons, a stroll away from touristy Paris Montmartre, Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We rent by the night , week or month a charming studio apartment furnished and fully equipped in a beautiful residence secure and guarded , very quiet and well located. The studio apartment is on the 8th floor with elevators, the surface is 17 square meter. The main room is furnished with a double bed for 2 people (possibility of an extra bed without extra charge), a fully equipped kitchenette . The bed linen and towels are provided for your stay. Beautiful view of Montmartre, Paris roofs and the Sacré coeur from the balcony. Iovely to take your breakfast or a quiet dinner facing the roofs of Paris and Montmarte. The building is located in the 18th arrondissement, close to the market of La Chapelle and 20 minutes walk from Montmartre, near the metro sta	In Paris near the famous Montmatre, a 17 square meters (183 square feet) charming studio with a balcony and a clear viewpoint on Montmatre. A studio apartment fully furnished and equipped for 2 persons, a stroll away from touristy Paris Montmartre, Place du Tertre and the Sacré Coeur. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ We rent by the night , week or month a charming studio apartment furnished and fully equipped in a beautiful residence secure and guarded , very quiet and well located. The studio apartment is on the 8th floor with elevators, the surface is 17 square meter. The main room is furnished with a double bed for 2 people (possibility of an extra bed without extra charge), a fully equipped kitchenette . The bed linen and towels are provided for your stay. Beautiful view of Montmartre, Paris roofs and the Sacré coeur from the balcony. Iovely to take your breakfast or a quiet dinner facing the roofs of Paris and Montmarte. Th
32194	Typical Parisian apartment. Building Haussmann 1914. Parquet, moldings , fireplaces. Belle Epoque style. Near the famous Puces of Saint-ouen, the biggest antiques shop market of the world.	Classic Haussmann building , near Montmartre and Flea Market. metro Porte de Clignancourt , Joffrin Porte St Ouen . Parquet fireplaces, moldings . 3rd floor elevator . Kitchen and bathroom , balcony. WIFI internet . Ideal couple with child . Typical Parisian apartment. Building Haussmann 1914. Parquet, moldings , fireplaces. Belle Epoque style. Near the famous Puces of Saint-ouen, the biggest antiques shop market of the world. Private room. Access kitchen and bathroom . We are a couple of teachers. Spoken languages : English , German. North Montmartre . Close to subways, shops, transports Metro Lines 4, 12, 13 Bus lines 60, 85, 95
32195	Located in the heart of the 18th district close to Montmartre, this charming apartment àf 26m² has been refurbished in 2014. It comprises a small lobby, a living room with a comfortable double sofa bed, a small & fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub.  You can park nearby (less than 5 mn walking) in a secure parking (charges apply): Parking Montmartre, 5 Rue Dancourt.  Towels and bed linen are provided.	The appartement is ideally located down the Montmartre hill, in the heart of Rue des Martyrs.  It is only 2 minutes walking from the subway Located in the heart of the 18th district close to Montmartre, this charming apartment àf 26m² has been refurbished in 2014. It comprises a small lobby, a living room with a comfortable double sofa bed, a small & fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub.  You can park nearby (less than 5 mn walking) in a secure parking (charges apply): Parking Montmartre, 5 Rue Dancourt.  Towels and bed linen are provided. Metro 2 (blue line) or 12 (green line) - Station Pigalle Several stations bike less than 50 meters Access from airport (CGD and Orly) around 1 hour by train or bus
32196		Charming flat in the MONTMARTRE area.  25 m2 - 2nd floor.  5 minutes by walk from Sacré coeur.  We can welcome up to 3 guests. Charmant, calme et lumineux studio de 25 m2 situé à Montmartre (2nd étage).  5 minutes à pieds du sacré coeur.
32197	Appartement neuf et tout équipé (four, frigo, congélateur, TV, WIfi, machine à laver). Très bel appartement plein de charme, dans une petite rue pavée calme et boisée.  Très lumineux, au 4ième étage, immeuble avec gardienne. Emplacement idéal pour découvrir les quartiers authentiques de Paris , Montmartre, le sacré coeur, Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, Place de clichy.  Parfait pour un week end découverte !	Magnifique appartement, très lumineux au cœur du 18ième arrondissement de Paris à 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre.  Dans une rue boisée et agréable, cet appartement de charme, avec une grande chambre et un parquet d'époque a tout pour vous plaire ! Appartement neuf et tout équipé (four, frigo, congélateur, TV, WIfi, machine à laver). Très bel appartement plein de charme, dans une petite rue pavée calme et boisée.  Très lumineux, au 4ième étage, immeuble avec gardienne. Emplacement idéal pour découvrir les quartiers authentiques de Paris , Montmartre, le sacré coeur, Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge, Place de clichy.  Parfait pour un week end découverte ! Métro Ligne 12 - Max Dormoy Métro Ligne 2 - La Chapelle Proche Gare du Nord - Direct Eurostar Vélib disponibles dans la rue Au cœur du 18ième arrondissement de Paris , quartier historique ! Le sacré cœur a quelques minutes et ses artistes immortels. Un quartier bouillonnant ou les différentes cultures se mélangent pour un résultat haut en cou
32198	2 pièces tout confort avec un emplacement idéal, 10mn du Sacré Cœur, 15 du Marais et des Halles	Joli appartement 2 pièces à 10mn du Sacré Cœur, 10mn des Halles et du Marais et du centre de Paris, 15 mn de la Tour Eiffel. Tout est compris dans le prix ainsi que le petit déjeuner et le wifi.  Bon séjour à Paris :) 2 pièces tout confort avec un emplacement idéal, 10mn du Sacré Cœur, 15 du Marais et des Halles Logement entier Sacré Cœur, Place du Tertre, Montmartre et ses rues, place Dalida Métro Simplon à 100M Pour votre petit déjeuner, vous trouverez tout le nénessaire dans la cuisine, le pain et viennoiserie sera commandé  réglé à la boulangerie qui est en face de l'appartement, à vous d'aller le récupérer :)
32199	Situé au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble calme et donnant sur cour, vous avez accès à l'ensemble du studio comprenant une salle de bain avec baignoire, un salon avec canapé-lit (pour une seule personne), à la cuisine indépendante tout équipée et aux WC.  Wifi, livres et guides et plans de Paris sont à votre disposition.	A 3 min. du métro Pigalle (L 2) et à 3 min. du métro Abbesses (L 12) , ce studio de 25m2 est situé au cœur de la Butte Montmartre et de sa vie de quartier. Idéalement situé au calme et sur cour arborée, c'est un véritable cocon. Situé au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble calme et donnant sur cour, vous avez accès à l'ensemble du studio comprenant une salle de bain avec baignoire, un salon avec canapé-lit (pour une seule personne), à la cuisine indépendante tout équipée et aux WC.  Wifi, livres et guides et plans de Paris sont à votre disposition. Je suis disponible tout à au long du séjour pour répondre à vos questions. Emile, qui se charge parfois de prendre le relais est là également en cas de besoin. Idéalement situé sur la Butte Montmartre, vous êtes à 5 min à pied de SoPi, ses bars, ses restaurants et ses boutiques de créateurs, et à 2 min de la rue des Abbesses et de la Rue Lepic.  Dans ce quartier typique vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin : boulangeries, restaurants, café
32200	Très grand appartement de 80 m² situé au cœur de Montmartre dans très bel immeuble dit haussmannien très calme et desservie par plein de commerces café restaurants  	"Grand appartement situé au cœur de Montmartre dans la mythique rue Lepic entre le cabaret Moulin Rouge et le Moulin de la Galette . L’appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un immeuble dit ""Haussmannien"" donnant sur des escaliers Montmartrois ..... Très grand appartement de 80 m² situé au cœur de Montmartre dans très bel immeuble dit haussmannien très calme et desservie par plein de commerces café restaurants   2 stations de métro et plusieurs lignes de bus sont à proximitée de l'appartement lieu très convivial et très chaleureux  tout le quartier est très vivant et avec beaucoup de choses à découvrir .... Metro Abbesses ou Lamarck sont les plus proche il y a possibilité par la station blanche puis les bus 80 & 95 desserve à proximité de l'appartement Des frais de Ménage seront demandé pour le séjour de (50€)..."
32201	Situé rue Lepic. Adorable petit loft-atelier de 60m2. Calme, clair, cosy et décoré avec beaucoup de goût et fantaise. Idéal pour couple ou famille avec 2 enfants. A deux pas des commerces de la rue Lepic et des Abbesses. L'appartement est loué sans hôte: vous êtes chez vous! Appartement atypique, charmant loft atelier dans l'esprit de Montmartre. Intérieur très agréable, décoré avec beaucoup de goût et fantaisie. A deux pas de tout: métro Abbesses (ligne 12), Blanche (ligne 2). Commercants rue des Abbesses, rue Lepic Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, Moulin de la Galette à 2 minutes Caroline, l'hôte, est joignable par téléphone et e mail. Quartier Montmartre très animé 7 jours sur 7. Authentiquement parisien! Métro: Abbesses (ligne 12), Blanche (ligne 2)	This loft in Montmartre is decorated with talent and creativity. It is quiet and cosy. Very comfortable for 2 to 4 people. Close to metro (Abbesses and Blanche) and shops.Moulin Rouge and Sacré Coeur are 5 min. by foot. 
32202	Welcome to my flat! It is quiet and full of light, I hope you can feel at ease here.  The kitchen is open onto the living-room with a bar and bar stools. There is one double-bed in the bedroom and a sofa with two beds in the living-room for the extra travelers.  The bathroom and the toilets are separated ; there is a shower in the bathroom.  No TV, but there is an internet connexion with the wifi.	Hello! I rent my full apartment of 36 m2 when I'm not in Paris. There are two rooms.  It is located in the 18ème arrondissement, in a place called 'le quartier de l'Olive'. Welcome to my flat! It is quiet and full of light, I hope you can feel at ease here.  The kitchen is open onto the living-room with a bar and bar stools. There is one double-bed in the bedroom and a sofa with two beds in the living-room for the extra travelers.  The bathroom and the toilets are separated ; there is a shower in the bathroom.  No TV, but there is an internet connexion with the wifi. 5' away from the subway and 1' away from the bus station.  I can give you informations and advices on what is worth to visit.  The area called 'Le quartier de l'Olive' or 'le quartier Pajol' is like a village : full of typical parisian cafés and restaurant, gardens, shops and a covered market with good products.  There is a public swimming-pool at 7' away by foot. If you're in a mood for a run, you can reach the canal de l
32203	Ses vues et sa terrasse exceptionnelle	Appartement exceptionnel de 116 m2 refait à neuf avec terrasse de 45 m2 face au sacré cœur avec vue sur tout Paris. Autre expo sur Paris 19 et voies de Gare du Nord. Très clair et calme dans le quartier La Chapelle a 50 mètres de l'Eglise Saint Bernard. Wifi Ses vues et sa terrasse exceptionnelle Internet wifi, système homme cinéma  Quartier populaire en pleine ébullition, commerces de proximité, centre culturel à 2 pas, marché de l'olive a 5 minutes à pied. Métro, vélibs et autolib au pied de l'immeuble.  Immeuble des années 60 équipé de 2 ascenseurs, appartement aux 9 et 10e étages (derniers).  Métro La Chapelle ou Marx Dormoy
32204		North of Paris, Metro Station Clignancourt right downstairs ( linked to the main train stations ) Near Flee Market and Montmartre - clean and spacy room - double bed - kitchen, living room & bathroom free to use - wifi connexion - enjoy !
32205	Deux pièces au pied de la butte Montmartre  (chambre avec un lit de 140) et un salon avec couchage Une personne (Possibilité 2 pers) cuisine et salle de bain,  Les pièces sont indépendantes et accessibles par le couloir. wc séparés Internet wifi Ascenseur Nombreuses possibilités transport ( métro : Anvers, Abesses, Pigalle et nombreux bus : ligne (phone number hidden)  Le quartier est très sympa avec de nombreux restaurants de toutes cuisines,  des  cafés. Pour les amateurs d'art brut il y a le musée de la Halle saint Pierre avec ses expos, son bar où on peut déjeuner et une excellente librairie. Rue des Abesses, brunch le week end 	 Deux pièces au pied de la butte Montmartre  (chambre avec un lit de 140) et un salon avec couchage Une personne (Possibilité 2 pers) cuisine et salle de bain,  Les pièces sont indépendantes et accessibles par le couloir. wc séparés Internet wifi Ascenseur Nombreuses possibilités transport ( métro : Anvers, Abesses, Pigalle et nombreux bus : ligne (phone number hidden)  Le quartier est très sympa avec de nombreux restaurants de toutes cuisines,  des  cafés. Pour les amateurs d'art brut il y a le musée de la Halle saint Pierre avec ses expos, son bar où on peut déjeuner et une excellente librairie. Rue des Abesses, brunch le week end 
32206	Lovely holiday rental fully equiped in front of Moulin-Rouge. 2 rooms, 35m² completely renovated ideal for lovers eager to have nice time in Paris for a week-end, a day or a full week at the heart of Montmartre.	Lovely holiday rental fully equiped in front of Moulin-Rouge. 2 rooms, 35m² completely renovated ideal for lovers eager to have nice time in Paris for a week-end, a day or a full week at the heart of Montmartre. Lovely holiday rental fully equiped in front of Moulin-Rouge. 2 rooms, 35m² completely renovated ideal for lovers eager to have nice time in Paris for a week-end, a day or a full week at the heart of Montmartre. Métro Blanche and Place de Clichy We can talk on the phone and meet prior to occupancy The neighborhood is lovely , really lively , chic and relaxed . In 2 minutes walk you have access to Montmartre and the joys of Moulin Rouge 1 minute walk to metro Blanche (L2), 5 minutes walk to metro Place de Clichy (L 13)
32207	Cet appartement est tout confort : tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour votre séjour à Paris et pour vous sentir chez vous.  Il est situé rue Labat dans le 18éme arrondissement, dans un quartier populaire, proche de nombreux commerces de proximité, restaurants et bars sympas !  Et surtout, à deux pas de Montmartre, Pigalle et Abbesses ! Bien desservi par les transports en commun : - Métro Ligne 4 et 12, arrêt Marcadet-Poissonniers (situé à 200m de l’appartement). - Bus : ligne 60, 31 et 56. Pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible, je mets à votre disposition :   • CHAMBRE : Un Lit double Ikea (Sultan Angered) avec les draps et un rangement libre dans l’armoire. • SALON : Un canapé-lit double type BZ (au-delà de 2 voyageurs) avec les draps, une télévision Schaub Lorenz avec lecteur DVD intégré, une connexion WIFI Freebox et une station HIFI à prise Jack.   • CUISINE tout équipée : four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur, plaques de cuissons, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire	Appartement F2, typiquement Parisien, de 32m², situé dans le 18éme arrondissement, spacieux, composé d’une chambre avec un lit double et d’un canapé-lit type BZ dans la pièce de vie, d’une cuisine tout équipée et d’une salle de bain avec WC.       Cet appartement est tout confort : tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour votre séjour à Paris et pour vous sentir chez vous.  Il est situé rue Labat dans le 18éme arrondissement, dans un quartier populaire, proche de nombreux commerces de proximité, restaurants et bars sympas !  Et surtout, à deux pas de Montmartre, Pigalle et Abbesses ! Bien desservi par les transports en commun : - Métro Ligne 4 et 12, arrêt Marcadet-Poissonniers (situé à 200m de l’appartement). - Bus : ligne 60, 31 et 56. Pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible, je mets à votre disposition :   • CHAMBRE : Un Lit double Ikea (Sultan Angered) avec les draps et un rangement libre dans l’armoire. • SALON : Un canapé-lit double type BZ (au-delà de 2 voyageurs) avec les 
32208		"Rare in paris : 110 m2 apartment with 4 bedrooms, a spaceous dining room, lounge area, 2 bathrooms and a 200 m2 garden. We are 15 minutes form the center of Paris. ""la campagne à paris"" Locales between Montmartre and les puces"
32209	Welcome to my nice studette ! This lovely 15m2 studette in Montmartre is cosy and confortable. 2 persons can feel at ease in this one-room space, including a separate bathroom. 	"Small studio located 2 minutes from The Sacré-Coeur. Near all kinds of stores. Despite very animated area, very quiet because overlooking the courtyard. Welcome to my nice studette ! This lovely 15m2 studette in Montmartre is cosy and confortable. 2 persons can feel at ease in this one-room space, including a separate bathroom. A sofa-bed ( on the floor, without feet ) , a TV, all kitchen utensils, a Wifi , a small wardrobe will be at your disposal. Totally autonomous . You can contact by phone or mail anytime.  Montmartre is one of the most authentic ""Vieux Paris"" District.  It has kept its artistic atmosphere where Edith Piaf and many very famous singers and painters have lived. It is a real pleasure to contemplate Paris from the heights of the Sacre-Coeur church and to wander in the tight streets and stairs of this wonderful parisian spot. You will enjoy old bakeries, the Place du Tertre's piano-bars.  And if you go down the mound, you will find place like Le Moulin Rouge , Chez mic"
32210	"Located in the very heart of Montmartre, more exactly in the famous district of ""Les Abbesses"", this charming flat of 76m² has recently been renovated. It consists of two attractive bedrooms, a bathroom with toilets, a beautiful kitchen fully furnished and equipped, opened on a spacious and bright living room. The decoration, uncluttered and elegant will ensure you a maximum of well-being and tranquillity."	"Design 3 parts in Montmartre Located in the very heart of Montmartre, more exactly in the famous district of ""Les Abbesses"", this charming flat of 76m² has recently been renovated. It consists of two attractive bedrooms, a bathroom with toilets, a beautiful kitchen fully furnished and equipped, opened on a spacious and bright living room. The decoration, uncluttered and elegant will ensure you a maximum of well-being and tranquillity. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists"
32211	Little big detail: a bottle of wine at your arrival ;)	Hi welcome to my home ! Take your shoes off, have a sit on my sofa and enjoy the sun bath. It's a 30m2 single room at 30sec by foot of the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. You will adore this typical and most romantic district of Paris ;) Little big detail: a bottle of wine at your arrival ;) It's not very far from Roissy Charles de Gaules Airport. You have to get off at Gare de Nord (rer B), and take the line 4 for one station to Barbès Rochechouart. My appartment is located between Anvers (line 12) and Barbès Rochechouart (line 4) both accesible in 3min by foot.
32212	- Location : In front of the subway, very near Montmartre, Pigalle, near Opéra and the Galeries Lafayette and about 30 minutes in subway to Louvre Museum and Effeil Tower. - Equipments : washing machine, oven, hotplate, coffee machine, TV, wifi, your bedroom is equiped of an apple computer with internet and have an access to the private yard	Mickael and Marion are very pleased to host you for your trip in Paris ! - Location : In front of the subway, very near Montmartre, Pigalle, near Opéra and the Galeries Lafayette and about 30 minutes in subway to Louvre Museum and Effeil Tower. - Equipments : washing machine, oven, hotplate, coffee machine, TV, wifi, your bedroom is equiped of an apple computer with internet and have an access to the private yard In front of subway. Location : In front of the subway, very near Montmartre, Pigalle, near Opéra and the Galeries Lafayette and about 30 minutes in subway to Louvre Museum and Effeil Tower. Subway station : Marx Dormoy The apartment is in front of the subway.
32213	L'appartement est au 5ièm étage, donc trés lumineux, sans vis à vis , et avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Malgré le fait qu'il soit situé au coeur de Barbès, il reste trés calme.	Charmant appartement haussmannien, avec plancher et moulures au plafond, en plein coeur de Barbès, à 5min à pied de Montmartre juste derrière le sacré-coeur, dans un quartier vivant, entouré de petits commerces, bars cools and Co. L'appartement est au 5ièm étage, donc trés lumineux, sans vis à vis , et avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Malgré le fait qu'il soit situé au coeur de Barbès, il reste trés calme. L'appartement comprend une grande pièce, spacieuse, avec un lit 2 places  qui fait office également de canapé, 1 chambre avec 1 lit une place (qui n'est pas accessible), 1 cuisine dans laquelle on peut manger à 2, un couloir d'entrée qui dessert toutes les pièces et enfin une SDB avec lavabo et grande baignoire et WC séparé. Le quartier est en plein essor. Situé à 2 pas du sacré coeur, il est entouré d'une multitude de petits commerces, de bar de quartiers et branchés, de restaurants, de cinémas etc... L'appartement est situé à 1 min du métro Barbès qui dessert les lignes 4 et 2
32214	"- Proximité de Montmartre - Quartier animé et populaire du vrai Paris - Très bien desservi en transports (Métro 2, 4, 12), stations Chateau Rouge / Barbès-Rochechouard / Marcadet-Poissonniers  - Commerces, restaurants, cinémas - Studio sur courette fleurie calme - Tout confort (kitchenette, frigo, table, canapé, WC et SDB séparé) -TV et wifi - Petit déjeuner offert - 2 lits simples, à rapprocher pour en faire un double Recherche associée : ""logement cegos"", ""logement jdp"", ""hébergement jdp"", ""logement congrès paris"", ""accomodation paris"", ""chambre d'hote paris"", ""hebergement cegos"", ""elysees hotel"", ""congrès dermato"", ""hotel paris lastminute""..."	"- Proximité de Montmartre - Quartier animé et populaire du vrai Paris - Très bien desservi en transports (Métro 2, 4, 12), stations Chateau Rouge / Barbès-Rochechouard / Marcadet-Poissonniers  - Commerces, restaurants, cinémas - Studio sur courette fleurie calme - Tout confort (kitchenette, frigo, table, canapé, WC et SDB séparé) -TV et wifi - Petit déjeuner offert - 2 lits simples, à rapprocher pour en faire un double Recherche associée : ""logement cegos"", ""logement jdp"", ""hébergement jdp"", ""logement congrès paris"", ""accomodation paris"", ""chambre d'hote paris"", ""hebergement cegos"", ""elysees hotel"", ""congrès dermato"", ""hotel paris lastminute""... Studio tout équipé, avec Salle de bain, WC, cuisine, TV, Wifi... au pied du métro. Nous habitons au dernier étage du même immeuble et serons ravis de vous accueillir chez nous autour d'un verre (avec vue sur Montmartre !), de vous conseiller pour que vous puissiez passer un séjour idéal. Nous vous fournirons le petit déjeuner dans le studio ain"
32215	The apartment sleeps 2 people (double bed), is on the 2nd floor-no elevator and. Designed by a french architect, the 38 m2 are perfectly optimized  with lot of storage space. The kitchen is fully furnished with very modern utilities (oven and hob, fridge with *** freezer, washing machine, dishwasher, toaster, etc). 	This charming apartment is in a 5 minutes walking distance from the Sacré-Coeur in the lovely village of Abbesses. The apartment is in the second floor in a quiet street. It has a double bed on the upp
32216	Lovely apartment available for short-term rentals ideal for 2 people.  15mn walk to the Sacré Coeur. 15mn to the HALLES (center of Paris) by subway (line 4)  Located on the 3rd floor without lift. The apartment, 35 sq.m. includes :  - a bedroom with queensize bed, a kitchen/dining room and a little living room  - free internet access, television and DVD  - kitchen fully equiped (fridge, oven, microwaves etc)  - washing machine, Ilinens and towels.  See you soon in Paris	Lovely apartment available for short-term rentals ideal for 2 people.  15mn walk to the Sacré Coeur. 15mn to the HALLES (center of Paris) by subway (line 4)  Located on the 3rd floor without lift. The apartment, 35 sq.m. includes :  - a bedroom with queensize bed, a kitchen/dining room and a little living room  - free internet access, television and DVD  - kitchen fully equiped (fridge, oven, microwaves etc)  - washing machine, Ilinens and towels.  See you soon in Paris
32217	La première chambre est composée d'un grand lit double 160x200 très confortable (acheté tout récemment). La deuxième chambre  est composée d'un lit simple 90x200 également neuf.  Notre séjour est équipé d'un canapé-lit 140x200 (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'un lecteur DVD et un accès internet en WIFI haut débit.  La cuisine est parfaitement équipée, vous y trouverez une gazinière avec un four, un micro-ondes, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Notre salle de bain est équipée d'une douche ainsi que d'une machine à laver; vous aurez aussi à votre disposition un sèche-cheveux.  L'appartement donne sur un jardin lumineux et calme. Il se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (interphone). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis.	En plein coeur de MONTMARTRE, appartement calme et lumineux  3 pièces, 2 chambres, salle de bain avec douche, toilette, cuisine 5 personnes, 53 m2 2 ème étage, tout équipé (WIFI, TV, machine à laver...) La première chambre est composée d'un grand lit double 160x200 très confortable (acheté tout récemment). La deuxième chambre  est composée d'un lit simple 90x200 également neuf.  Notre séjour est équipé d'un canapé-lit 140x200 (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'un lecteur DVD et un accès internet en WIFI haut débit.  La cuisine est parfaitement équipée, vous y trouverez une gazinière avec un four, un micro-ondes, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Notre salle de bain est équipée d'une douche ainsi que d'une machine à laver; vous aurez aussi à votre disposition un sèche-cheveux.  L'appartement donne sur un jardin lumineux et calme. Il se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'i
32218	Cosy and well furnished. Real bed, calm and clean. Central Paris and near Montmartre	Large renovated modern 30m2 studio. Peaceful neighbourhood near Montmartre. Kitchen, fridge, cooking plates and microwave. Bathroom with bath. Open market 2 times a week and Shops. Internet, Heating, TV. New double bed. 3 major Metro lines Cosy and well furnished. Real bed, calm and clean. Central Paris and near Montmartre 3 metro lines and lots of buses. Walking distance  to Montmartre. Lots of shops and Fresh Food Open market, twice a week. I will personally welcome my guests and will give them the best guidance about Paris. Linen and Towels provided. The shops, the open market, the Parisian atmosphere Very convenient,.3 metro lines, buses and walking to Montmartre
32219	Hi everyone! My home sweet home is a little 50 sq/m flat on top of a 30s building. There's an elevator and a balcony all around the flat eand many windows from where you can see Montmartre, the Sacre-Coeur and even a bit of Eiffel Tower. In the summer the terrace is available for eating outside and sunbathing. The room is very calm and bright, warm in the winter with central heating, and cool in the summer because of the big windows on the courtyard. Bed is 140cm and has a very good mattress. There's a nice living-room with a dining table, a kitchen with pretty everything you need for cooking, and a brand new bathroom. 	Rooftop flat with stunning view. Inbetween Montmartre hill and the famous Clignancourt flea market Hi everyone! My home sweet home is a little 50 sq/m flat on top of a 30s building. There's an elevator and a balcony all around the flat eand many windows from where you can see Montmartre, the Sacre-Coeur and even a bit of Eiffel Tower. In the summer the terrace is available for eating outside and sunbathing. The room is very calm and bright, warm in the winter with central heating, and cool in the summer because of the big windows on the courtyard. Bed is 140cm and has a very good mattress. There's a nice living-room with a dining table, a kitchen with pretty everything you need for cooking, and a brand new bathroom.  You'll access to the whole flat except a closed-room. It includes living-room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom, plus the balcony.  Of course I will be glad to advice you for your stay and visit in Paris, with my little personal good addresses ;-) If you are interested, pleas
32220	L'appartement est très lumineux (est-ouest), beaux couchers et  levers de soleil avec une très jolie vue surplombante de Paris. Il est calme, à l'abri des bruits de rue. Chaleureux et agréable, il peut accueillir une famille sans problème .  Il y a 3 belles chambres dont  2 avec un lit de 2 personnes et une autre avec un lit d'1 personne. Dans le salon il y a un canapé-lit confortable qui permet d'accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Nous avons un parking gratuit situé sous l'immeuble.	Appartement ensoleillé, chaleureux, belle vue dans une résidence calme. Un salon-salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte lumineux, confortable, équipé. 3 chambres avec baies-vitrées (deux lits doubles et un lit simple) + 1 canapé lit. 1 place de parking. L'appartement est très lumineux (est-ouest), beaux couchers et  levers de soleil avec une très jolie vue surplombante de Paris. Il est calme, à l'abri des bruits de rue. Chaleureux et agréable, il peut accueillir une famille sans problème .  Il y a 3 belles chambres dont  2 avec un lit de 2 personnes et une autre avec un lit d'1 personne. Dans le salon il y a un canapé-lit confortable qui permet d'accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Nous avons un parking gratuit situé sous l'immeuble. Vous aurez accès à tous les espaces avec les clés : appartement, parking (les gardiens de la résidence sont très sympathiques). Notre fille de 22 ans viendra vous présenter l'appartement et sera à votre disposition en cas de problème. Vous pourrez nous jo
32221	Charming two rooms apartment of 40m2 located on the first floor with a private terrace in a private courtyard. Fully renovated, bright and quiet, the flat can accomodate up to 3 people. Ideally located on the Old Montmartre hill, in the heart of the animated Abbesses area, at only a few minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, 300m from Abbesses subway station (line 12) and seconds away from the trendy shopping area which is open on Sundays! The open plan living space is comprised of kitchen and lounge and is fully equipped  (fridge, oven, microwave, washing machine/dryer, tv and internet). Clean bed sheets, duvet covers, towels and dishcloths provided. Double bed in the bedroom, comfortable sofa that could be used as single bed in the living area (single matress in option). Charmant deux-pièces de 40m2 au 1er étage, avec terrasse privative sur une cour aménagée. Entièrement refait à neuf, lumineux et calme, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. Idéalement situé sur la butte Montmartre, au	Charming two rooms apartment located on the first floor with a terrace in a private courtyard. Fully renovated, bright, quiet and equiped the flat can accomodate 3 people. Ideally located in the old Montmartre (animated trendy Abbesses area). Charming two rooms apartment of 40m2 located on the first floor with a private terrace in a private courtyard. Fully renovated, bright and quiet, the flat can accomodate up to 3 people. Ideally located on the Old Montmartre hill, in the heart of the animated Abbesses area, at only a few minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur, 300m from Abbesses subway station (line 12) and seconds away from the trendy shopping area which is open on Sundays! The open plan living space is comprised of kitchen and lounge and is fully equipped  (fridge, oven, microwave, washing machine/dryer, tv and internet). Clean bed sheets, duvet covers, towels and dishcloths provided. Double bed in the bedroom, comfortable sofa that could be used as single bed in the living area (sing
32222	I bought it one year ago and everyone feels so well here. Kitchen (cooker hood, induction cooker, furnitures) is brand new, as well as bathroom and toilets (refurbished in 2015). Wooden floor, moulding, fireplace. Typical French haussmann building.  The flat is on the 4th floor (no elevator) and the co-owners and leaseholders are really nice.	This beautiful, enlightened and charming flat will make you fill at home. It includes 1 big bedroom with a kingsize bed, a big livingroom/kitchen, 1 bathroom and separated toilets. Everything has been renovated this year. 5min walking from Montmartre
32223	VUE EXCEPTIONNELLE SUR LA TOUR EIFFEL . APPARTEMENT TRES CALME .	Apartment for 2 people located in the heart of Montmartre /41 m2  Furnished and all brand new apartment . Wonderfull view on the Eiffel Tower . Bright and peacefull . Bedroom over a little private garden . Well located / Abbesses M12 . Blanche M2 VUE EXCEPTIONNELLE SUR LA TOUR EIFFEL . APPARTEMENT TRES CALME . Les voyageurs ont accès a la totalité de l'appartement . Français et notions d' Anglais et Espagnol L'animation et l'authenticité d'un quartier pittoresque . Le calme de l'appartement dans ce village Montmartrois . Metro ABBESSES Ligne 12 Metro PIGALLE ou BLANCHE Ligne 2 Très bien desservi ! 30 EUROS DE FRAIS SUPPLEMENTAIRES TOUS LES 15 JOURS POUR LE MENAGE
32224	studio situé près du Quartier Montmartre;de Pigalle; et de la place de Clichy. A 10 minutes du quartier Haussmann, Saint Lazare et 15 minutes des Champs Elysées. Visitez le sacré cœur et Pigalle tranquillement en habitant à côté comme chez vous. Idéal pour deux personnes; proche métro, bus, quartier tranquille et très proche des intérêts touristiques. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle d'eau et d'une pièce à vivre équipée d'un bar, d'un canapé lit très confortable pour deux personnes. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations. A très bientôt 	Joli studio situé près du Quartier Montmartre;de Pigalle; et de la place de Clichy. A 5 minutes du moulin rouge,a 10 minutes du quartier Haussmann, Saint Lazare et 15 minutes des Champs Elysées. Visitez le sacré cœur et Pigalle tranquillement. studio situé près du Quartier Montmartre;de Pigalle; et de la place de Clichy. A 10 minutes du quartier Haussmann, Saint Lazare et 15 minutes des Champs Elysées. Visitez le sacré cœur et Pigalle tranquillement en habitant à côté comme chez vous. Idéal pour deux personnes; proche métro, bus, quartier tranquille et très proche des intérêts touristiques. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle d'eau et d'une pièce à vivre équipée d'un bar, d'un canapé lit très confortable pour deux personnes. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations. A très bientôt  Les visiteurs ont accès à l'appart cad pièces principal,douche et cuisine. je donnerai les clés aux visiteurs à leur arrivée, ensuite ils pourront profiter de leur trip 
32225	3 bedrooms, a large lounge with sophisticated decoration, small kitchen perfectly equiped for a very cute family apartment. Located at the foot of Buttes Montmartre, 50m from  Jules Joffrin subway station, this appartment in the pure Parisian style, will provide you a quiet and absolute charming place for having rest during your stay in Paris Bars, restaurant, typical french market in the closer street, metro, bus and the famous and delightfull Buttes Montmartre  will constituate your neighborhood during your holidays.	3 bedrooms, a large lounge with sophisticated decoration, small kitchen perfectly equiped for a very cute family apartment. Located at the foot of Buttes Montmartre, 50m from  Jules Joffrin subway station, this appartment in the pure Parisian style, will provide you a quiet and absolute charming place for having rest during your stay in Paris Bars, restaurant, typical french market in the closer street, metro, bus and the famous and delightfull Buttes Montmartre  will constituate your neighborhood during your holidays.
32226	Beau deux pièces, entièrement équipé. Au 4ème étage sur cour dans un immeuble sécurisé avec double entrée, gardienne Internet Double vitrage Séjour: Canapé convertible (2places) Cuisine équipée : (lave-vaisselle, frigo, micro-onde, congélateur, four, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique). De nombreux rangement existent dans lesquels se trouvent casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts et verres pour tout vos repas. Fond d'épicerie mis à disposition Chambre à coucher: La chambre dispose d'un lit Queen Size (matelas de grande qualité) Salle de bains: Baignoire, lave-linge, sèche cheveux, planche à repasser et fer à repasser. Gel douche, shampoing et serviettes à disposition.	Charmant 2 pièces, propre, lumineux, calme, douillet, dans un quartier cosmopolite à 5min du célèbre marché couvert de l'Olive et 15min de Montmartre. Proche métro ligne 2, 12 et 4 et à 7min à pied de la Gare du Nord, idéal pour un séjour à Paris Beau deux pièces, entièrement équipé. Au 4ème étage sur cour dans un immeuble sécurisé avec double entrée, gardienne Internet Double vitrage Séjour: Canapé convertible (2places) Cuisine équipée : (lave-vaisselle, frigo, micro-onde, congélateur, four, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique). De nombreux rangement existent dans lesquels se trouvent casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts et verres pour tout vos repas. Fond d'épicerie mis à disposition Chambre à coucher: La chambre dispose d'un lit Queen Size (matelas de grande qualité) Salle de bains: Baignoire, lave-linge, sèche cheveux, planche à repasser et fer à repasser. Gel douche, shampoing et serviettes à disposition. Appartement entièrement à disposition des voyageurs. Je laisse à dispositi
32227	Our one bedroom apartment is 55 m2 / 592 ft2, in a Hausmann building (shaped ceiling, hardwood floors, fireplaces...) with elevator. The place is bright and spacious, with a walk-in closet, large living-room and bedroom, an open kitchen, a clean, new and functional bathroom with shower and separate toilets.  The living room is 25 m2 / 270 sq ft with several couches and comfortable chairs! Free Wi-Fi is available. You can enjoy our dining area, our library and our DVD collection to discover or rediscover the classics of French cinema! The bedroom has a double bed. All linen is provided. Two children or a third person can easily sleep on the living room couche(s). The kitchen is stocked with cooking utensils and appliances, we spend a lot of time cooking there! There are also a dishwasher and laundry for your convenience. Everyone who visits our apartment gushes about how beautiful it is and how great the location is. We both love our apartment and hope you will too! Let us know what you	Our 1 bedroom apartment is 55m2/592ft2, in a Hausmann building (shaped ceiling, hardwood floors) with elevator. Bright & spacious, w/large living-room & bedroom, an open kitchen, a clean, new, functional bathroom with shower and separate toilets. Our one bedroom apartment is 55 m2 / 592 ft2, in a Hausmann building (shaped ceiling, hardwood floors, fireplaces...) with elevator. The place is bright and spacious, with a walk-in closet, large living-room and bedroom, an open kitchen, a clean, new and functional bathroom with shower and separate toilets.  The living room is 25 m2 / 270 sq ft with several couches and comfortable chairs! Free Wi-Fi is available. You can enjoy our dining area, our library and our DVD collection to discover or rediscover the classics of French cinema! The bedroom has a double bed. All linen is provided. Two children or a third person can easily sleep on the living room couche(s). The kitchen is stocked with cooking utensils and appliances, we spend a lot of tim
32228	Located in the heart of Montmartre historic neighborhood, this small duplex is ideal to spend great, quiet and pleasurable holidays. In one of the most popular and fancy neighborhood of the French capital, next to the Sacré-Coeur and all the trendy spots, you will have all the parisian activities close by. The apartment is located at the 6th floor in a extremely secure building with an entry code, intercom and elevator.  The surface area of the living room is 38sqm and you have a spacious living/bedroom with a large queen size bed, a big sofa bed and cupboards at your disposal.  The living room is fully equipped with a big TV screen LCD with hundred of international channels. Also, there is a brand new beautiful bathroom with hot tub and a very functional kitchen with all the appliances : hot plates, fridge, oven, micro-wave, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, washing machine and a lot of drawers. You can also enjoy the sunlight because of the huge balcony facing south. You hav	Located in the heart of Montmartre historic neighborhood, this small duplex is ideal to spend great, quiet and pleasurable holidays. In one of the most popular and fancy neighborhood of the French capital, next to the Sacré-Coeur and all the trendy spots, you will have all the parisian activities close by. The apartment is located at the 6th floor in a extremely secure building with an entry code, intercom and elevator.  The surface area of the living room is 38sqm and you have a spacious living/bedroom with a large queen size bed, a big sofa bed and cupboards at your disposal.  The living room is fully equipped with a big TV screen LCD with hundred of international channels. Also, there is a brand new beautiful bathroom with hot tub and a very functional kitchen with all the appliances : hot plates, fridge, oven, micro-wave, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, washing machine and a lot of drawers. You can also enjoy the sunlight because of the huge balcony facing south. You hav
32229		Very nice 45 m² apartment to rent from the 26 June till 9 July on  next to Amely Poulin grocery with view on Paris. 2 min. from the metro station: Abbesses and bus and all the shops, restaurants. With kitchen + bathroom + Internet connection.
32230	The apartment is on the third floor, in a popular and animated area. It is one living-room with very confortable convertible couch, a table with computer and internet access, and a piano; one bed-room with double bed, desk and 2 armchairs; a fully-equipped kitchen (freezer, 4 fires cooker and oven, microwaves, kettle, toaster, ect.); and a bathroom with shower and common stuff to use. There is also a washing-machine in the kitchen, clotheshorse and iron. You might need something specific not on the list, we can lend it to you!	"The flat is 2 rooms, 39 square meters, in the 18th district of Paris, in the historical immigration « Goutte d’or » area and 15 minutes walking from Sacré-Coeur and Montmartre, 20 minutes from Pigalle. The apartment is on the third floor, in a popular and animated area. It is one living-room with very confortable convertible couch, a table with computer and internet access, and a piano; one bed-room with double bed, desk and 2 armchairs; a fully-equipped kitchen (freezer, 4 fires cooker and oven, microwaves, kettle, toaster, ect.); and a bathroom with shower and common stuff to use. There is also a washing-machine in the kitchen, clotheshorse and iron. You might need something specific not on the list, we can lend it to you! You have access to the whole housing. I know quite well my area and will be eager to give you my adresses (I wrote a ""guide"" for you, to make it easier!). I know less well the rest of Paris but I will help you the best I can! If I am exceptionally absent during you"
32231	You're welcome in my charming lovely apartment, well cared, completely renovated in 2012, 36 m2. At the 3rd floor, you will find a full equiped kitchen, separated from the room, and a charming bathroom with a bath. It takes place in the heart of the Abbesses, a very well-known and pleasant quarter in Montmartre. From that place, you can reach the Sacré Coeur, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge with walking in 5 minutes. You can find at 5 minutes by foot 2 metro stations, one with the line 12, and the other one with the line 2, a station for Velib (renting bikes service), and many bus stations. Anything you need is reachable directly when you go out of the building : supermarket, fashion shops, restaurants, bars,nightclubs... The flat is opened on 2 private courtyards, so you can sleep well with no noise from the street, it's a very quiet place. I am always very pleased to receive travelers from all around the world and to let them stay at my place, it's my precious refuge in Paris, I love to	You're welcome in my charming lovely apartment, well cared, completely renovated in 2012, 36 m2. At the 3rd floor, you will find a full equiped kitchen, separated from the room, and a charming bathroom with a bath. It takes place in the heart of the Abbesses, a very well-known and pleasant quarter in Montmartre. From that place, you can reach the Sacré Coeur, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge with walking in 5 minutes. You can find at 5 minutes by foot 2 metro stations, one with the line 12, and the other one with the line 2, a station for Velib (renting bikes service), and many bus stations. Anything you need is reachable directly when you go out of the building : supermarket, fashion shops, restaurants, bars,nightclubs... The flat is opened on 2 private courtyards, so you can sleep well with no noise from the street, it's a very quiet place. I am always very pleased to receive travelers from all around the world and to let them stay at my place, it's my precious refuge in Paris, I love to
32232		Large duplex under the roof. Impressive volumes and very luminous. Fhreshly renovated and decorated. You have 3 bedrooms 1. Double bed + bathroom 2. Kids room 3. Double bed + bathroom Large living room and kitchen Full Apartment Access
32233	Situé à quelques pas du célèbre quartier de Montmartre (Abesses,...), l'appartement de 42m² bénéficie d'un emplacement privilégié et est excellemment desservi par de nombreux commerces ! Une chambre de 15m2 avec TV, bureau et accès balcon avec vue sur le sacré coeur (!) rien que pour vous !  Profitez des beaux jours pour prendre vos petits-déjeuners sur la terrasse et partir à la conquête des hauts lieux touristiques parisiens ! Une cuisine équipée est également à disposition si vous souhaitez concocter de bons petits plats ! Je vous accueillerais avec grand plaisir et vous donnerais tous les conseils et bons plans pour que vous puissiez passer un excellent séjour à Paris ! A très bientôt :) __________ Located few steps from the famous Montmartre district (Abbesses station..), this 42 sq. flat is perfectly approached by a lot of local shops 15 sqm bedroom. Facilities: Tv, desk, direct access to balcony viewing Sacré Coeur…just waiting for you! Enjoy your breakfast with the best view of	Situé à quelques pas du célèbre quartier de Montmartre, l'appartement de 42m² bénéficie d'un emplacement privilégié et est excellemment desservi par de nombreux commerces ! Vous disposerez d'une chambre et d'un balcon avec vue sur le sacré-coeur !! Situé à quelques pas du célèbre quartier de Montmartre (Abesses,...), l'appartement de 42m² bénéficie d'un emplacement privilégié et est excellemment desservi par de nombreux commerces ! Une chambre de 15m2 avec TV, bureau et accès balcon avec vue sur le sacré coeur (!) rien que pour vous !  Profitez des beaux jours pour prendre vos petits-déjeuners sur la terrasse et partir à la conquête des hauts lieux touristiques parisiens ! Une cuisine équipée est également à disposition si vous souhaitez concocter de bons petits plats ! Je vous accueillerais avec grand plaisir et vous donnerais tous les conseils et bons plans pour que vous puissiez passer un excellent séjour à Paris ! A très bientôt :) __________ Located few steps from the famous Montm
32234	Nice and cosy apartment (30sqm) with many lamps, and old trinkets. WIFI AVAILABLE  Refurbished recently so very confortable, with a balcony, an open view, a shower and a real bed for 2 people, and a fully furnished kitchen with washing machine. Easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot.	Nice and cosy apartment (30m2) with many lamps, and old trinkets.  Refurbished recently so very confortable, with a balcony, an open view, a shower and a real bed for 2 people. Easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot. Nice and cosy apartment (30sqm) with many lamps, and old trinkets. WIFI AVAILABLE  Refurbished recently so very confortable, with a balcony, an open view, a shower and a real bed for 2 people, and a fully furnished kitchen with washing machine. Easy to go to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur by foot. WIFI AVAILABLE I will give you plenty very good address to going out for drink, party and restaurants. Someone will welcome you inside the apartment in order to explain you everything. There are any things to see in the neighborhood as Montmartre, les puces de saint ouen, really fashionable bars and clubs. Great restaurants... There are many subway stations around the apartment (Line 4 and Line 12) Very easy from CDG by RER A and from Orly By RER B. (around 30 min from CDG 
32235	Very beautiful apartment fully equipped! 1 bed in the bedroom (for 2 people) + sofa bed available in the living room (for 2 people). wifi and tv cable available	"Very charming 30m² flat right in the center of Montmartre in the most artistic and bohemian neighborhood of Paris (rue abbesses) 1st floor, very calm and near to the subway station (2min), bars, restaurants and designers shops! full equipped Very beautiful apartment fully equipped! 1 bed in the bedroom (for 2 people) + sofa bed available in the living room (for 2 people). wifi and tv cable available Montmartre has long been known as the premier artist's enclave in the city.  Montmartre's most recognizable landmark is the Basilica du Sacré-Coeur, constructed from 1876 to 1912. The white dome of this Roman Catholic basilica sits at the highest point in the city, at the summit of the ""butte Montmartre"" and the church is visited by millions of tourists each year.  During the mid to late 1800s, artists also began calling Montmartre home. Pissarro and Jongkind were two of the first to live there, followed by such greats as Edgar Degas, Henri Matisse, Toulouse-Lautrec, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, "
32236	Typical Parisian apartment, with lots of character, moldings, flooring, windows storey, Parisian balcony.	In the heart of Montmartre This apartment is convenient and friendly. You will feel at home. Bright and functional, good atmosphere! Typical Parisian apartment, with lots of character, moldings, flooring, windows storey, Parisian balcony. You have access to wifi throughout the apartment, we will share rooms, kitchen and a bathroom. You have toilet. I'm absent from 8am to 18h in the evening from Monday to Friday so you will have all the apartment the day and it is with pleasure that evening I suggest you to discover the nice places in my neighborhood for walking as a drink. I love rue des Abbesses, very friendly and full of life, night out with friends in bars of Antwerp, white ... All shops are present in this area. My apartment is located in a pretty square where you will find a supermarket, pharmacy, post office, tobacco. down the house you have 95 bus stop which takes you directly to the Montparnasse train station via St Lazare. You are 200 meters from the Guy Moquet Metro and 300 m
32237	Would you be astonished…? Charming apartment on a paved private path. Each room overlooks the garden and enjoys a southern exposure. On the other side you can contemplate the Sacré-Cœur. The rooms are very luminous. 32m2 with an entry, a bedroom, a kitchen, a living room, a shower and a separate toilet. Parquet and chimney. Wi-Fi, TV (Canal+), stereo. Kitchen with induction plate, oven, microwaves, fridge. Nespresso machine. Bedroom with a comfortable bed (160cm). In the living room is a sofa bed for 2 (160 cm too). Sheets and towels. Baby-bed. The apartment is located near Montmartre, in la Goutte d’Or, a cosmopolite district named after the famous white wine it used to give. In this historic district of Paris you can find Louise Michel’s house, Zola’s laundry. You will find many restaurants in the area from all over the world (Moroccan, Senegalese, Indian... and of course French), unusual and innovative shops, fashion designers and cloth seller. The street is calm and opens on a park	"An attractive apartment, bright and quiet, in a beautiful Parisian ""Villa"", with a view of gardens. Close to the subway and to the ""Sacré-coeur"" Would you be astonished…? Charming apartment on a paved private path. Each room overlooks the garden and enjoys a southern exposure. On the other side you can contemplate the Sacré-Cœur. The rooms are very luminous. 32m2 with an entry, a bedroom, a kitchen, a living room, a shower and a separate toilet. Parquet and chimney. Wi-Fi, TV (Canal+), stereo. Kitchen with induction plate, oven, microwaves, fridge. Nespresso machine. Bedroom with a comfortable bed (160cm). In the living room is a sofa bed for 2 (160 cm too). Sheets and towels. Baby-bed. The apartment is located near Montmartre, in la Goutte d’Or, a cosmopolite district named after the famous white wine it used to give. In this historic district of Paris you can find Louise Michel’s house, Zola’s laundry. You will find many restaurants in the area from all over the world (Moroccan, Sene"
32238	The house is located between the lively neighborhood of Montmartre, the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge and the Batignolles. In Montmartre's hill many of the 18th century buildings are still intact, giving the neighborhood a history-charged feel. By contrast, the area is also known for its art scene and its trendsetting qualities. have a look here : https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/montmartre https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/batignolles  Subway lines and many buses just steps away will bring you straight to all attractions (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame, Le Louvre...) and shopping areas (Galeries Lafayette, Avenue Montaigne, Rue du Faubourg St Honoré) and 4 Railway stations (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse and Gare St Lazare).  The nearest subway station is Guy Moquet - Line 13 (200 meters).  It's super easy to get to the house from the all Paris airports.  Easy parking with car. CHECK IN / CHECK OUT:  I'm very flexible with check i	Hi There ! Welcome in this 160m2 house equiped with 3 beds, with its terrace of 25m2 on the roof and its 15 m2 patio. Perfect for a big family ;-) or 2 couples with kids, it s located exactly between the famous area of Montmartre and Batignolles.  The house is located between the lively neighborhood of Montmartre, the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge and the Batignolles. In Montmartre's hill many of the 18th century buildings are still intact, giving the neighborhood a history-charged feel. By contrast, the area is also known for its art scene and its trendsetting qualities. have a look here : https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/montmartre https://www.airbnb.fr/locations/paris/batignolles  Subway lines and many buses just steps away will bring you straight to all attractions (Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame, Le Louvre...) and shopping areas (Galeries Lafayette, Avenue Montaigne, Rue du Faubourg St Honoré) and 4 Railway stations (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, 
32239	Welcome to my one-bedroom flat in the heart of the Montmartre quartier ! The flat (30m2) is on the 2nd floor of a typical Parisian building, it's very quiet as its windows open onto a peaceful courtyard. Located very close to place des Abbesses and rue Lepic, it's a 3mn walk to the metro stop Abbesses, and 5mn walk to the Sacré-Coeur, 5mn to the Moulin Rouge, 15mn by metro to the Champs-Elysées, 25mn to the Eiffel tower and to the Louvre. This area is known for its artistic life and trendy bars, designers shops, traditional food products, local and authentic cafés and restaurants. The flat itself is one street away from the hustle and bustle of place des Abbesses, so it's extremely quiet. It's a very safe area and women travelling on their own usually feel very comfortable walking around the quartier at any time of the day or night. In addition to a free wi-fi connection, you'll find in the flat a bedroom with a double bed, bedlinen for you, a desk and chair.  I'm a teacher of French l	This cosy and lovely flat is 5mn walk to the Sacré-Coeur. It's in the heart of Montmartre, known for its artistic life and trendy bars, designers shops, traditional food products, local and authentic cafés and restaurants.  Welcome to my one-bedroom flat in the heart of the Montmartre quartier ! The flat (30m2) is on the 2nd floor of a typical Parisian building, it's very quiet as its windows open onto a peaceful courtyard. Located very close to place des Abbesses and rue Lepic, it's a 3mn walk to the metro stop Abbesses, and 5mn walk to the Sacré-Coeur, 5mn to the Moulin Rouge, 15mn by metro to the Champs-Elysées, 25mn to the Eiffel tower and to the Louvre. This area is known for its artistic life and trendy bars, designers shops, traditional food products, local and authentic cafés and restaurants. The flat itself is one street away from the hustle and bustle of place des Abbesses, so it's extremely quiet. It's a very safe area and women travelling on their own usually feel very comf
32240	Typical Parisian flat with fireplaces in each room and wooden floors.  Brigthfull place, just near Montmartre.	Charming flat, spacious and bright at Montmartre. located in the street Caulaincourt at 2 minutes of the subway Lamark Caulaincourt (line 12).  The apartment is divided into a large living room and dinning room, a kitchen, a bedroom, bathroom, WC.  Typical Parisian flat with fireplaces in each room and wooden floors.  Brigthfull place, just near Montmartre. Comercial street, with lot of little typical french shops, cafés and cinémas.  The underground is just down the street Lamark (2minutes walk) 
32241	Nous sommes 4 colocataires et laissons notre appartement pour les fêtes. Bel appartement typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures) situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur). Il comporte 3 chambres, les 2 chambres que nous proposons sont en enfilades. La 1ère comporte un lit 2 places, la 2ème 2 lits 2 places (mezzanine) ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain privative. Il y a donc possibilité de dormir à 6 maximum dans les deux chambres. De plus, elles donnent sur une cour intérieure et sont donc très calmes. L'appartement comporte également un grand salon, avec un balcon attenant vue sur le Sacré-Coeur.  Pour finir une 2ème salle de bain (avec baignoire) est accessible ainsi qu'une petite cuisine comportant tous le nécessaire pour cuisiner.	Nous sommes 4 colocataires et laissons notre appartement pour les fêtes. Bel appartement typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures) situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur). Il comporte 3 chambres, les 2 chambres que nous proposons sont en enfilades. La 1ère comporte un lit 2 places, la 2ème 2 lits 2 places (mezzanine) ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain privative. Il y a donc possibilité de dormir à 6 maximum dans les deux chambres. De plus, elles donnent sur une cour intérieure et sont donc très calmes. L'appartement comporte également un grand salon, avec un balcon attenant vue sur le Sacré-Coeur.  Pour finir une 2ème salle de bain (avec baignoire) est accessible ainsi qu'une petite cuisine comportant tous le nécessaire pour cuisiner. Accès complet à tout l'appartement excepté une chambre que nous gardons pour l'un de nous. L'un de nous sera présent lors de votre séjour, mais ce dans une chambre éloignée des autres, l'intimité de chacun est donc préservée. Notre quartier est très agréable e
32242	Appartement Haussmannien, avec son salon spacieux de 35 m2 incluant une  cuisine américaine, avec son bar qui en fait un endroit convivial. Il est équipé d'une TV, d'une connexion wifi, d'un clic clac d'un canapé lit très confortable pour y dormir (2 personnes). L'appartement dispose également de 2 chambres avec un lit double et d'un canapé 2 places, d'une TV, connexion à Internet très haut débit (fibre) avec WI-FI, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes séparée. Les serviettes et les draps sont fournis. La cuisine est totalement équipée.	Charmant appartement Haussmannien  de 60 m2 au pied de la butte montmartre idéalement situé près de la mairie du XVIIIE, du Sacré coeur et de la Place du Tertre Appartement lumineux avec double séjour, sdb et cuisine équipées, 2  chambres. Quartier agréable et accès facile. Appartement Haussmannien, avec son salon spacieux de 35 m2 incluant une  cuisine américaine, avec son bar qui en fait un endroit convivial. Il est équipé d'une TV, d'une connexion wifi, d'un clic clac d'un canapé lit très confortable pour y dormir (2 personnes). L'appartement dispose également de 2 chambres avec un lit double et d'un canapé 2 places, d'une TV, connexion à Internet très haut débit (fibre) avec WI-FI, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes séparée. Les serviettes et les draps sont fournis. La cuisine est totalement équipée. Accès à tout l'appartement et tous ses équipements Tv, DVD Lave vaisselle Sèche cheveux Je reste joignable par téléphone ou mail durant toute la durée du séjour. A votre a
32243	Situé à 5 minutes à pied de la butte de Montmartre , du Sacré Cœur ... Du Metro proches , commerces ... Vous serez comme un vrai petit parisien , le temps de votre séjour !	Cet appartement est situé dans le quartier le plus visité au monde: Montmartre.  Avec sa décoration scandinave , une cuisine équipée, une capacité de 6 personnes ;vous serez tout de suite à l'aise et vous y sentirez comme chez vous.  Le quartier Situé à 5 minutes à pied de la butte de Montmartre , du Sacré Cœur ... Du Metro proches , commerces ... Vous serez comme un vrai petit parisien , le temps de votre séjour ! Wifi, cuisine équipée , serviettes, lave linge et sèche linge ... Metro , bus... En bas de l'appartement. Nous apportons les clés  Et les récupérons Montmartre c'est un village dans Paris!  Les commerçants , les restaurants, les cafés ... Tout le monde se connaît et les produits sont de qualité. Les promenades y sont inoubliables .places du Tertre, la butte, Pigalle... Vous deviendrez un vrai titi parisien!!! Métro Jules Joffrin ( ligne 12) Lamarck Caulaincourt ( ligne 12) Château Rouge ( ligne 4) Bus 80 juste en bas de l'immeuble Tv  Wifi  Vaisselle  Fer à repasser et table
32244	"A confortable studio with a stunning view of Paris, with sunset on a real ""post-card"" that you will enjoy every day having a drink on a little balcony ! This studio is a main room with a sofa bed for two people, a separated bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, it has an equipped kitchenette with a little dining corner."	"A confortable studio with a stunning view of Paris, with sunset on a real ""post-card"" that you will enjoy every day having a drink on a little balcony ! This studio is a main room with a sofa bed for two people, a separated bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, it has an equipped kitchenette with a little dining corner. You will be two steps from a very cool pedestrian street with coffees, covert market and brasseries. Next to Metro Marx Dormoy, 10 minutes from Metro La Chapelle."
32245	English: This quiet and comfy 1 bedroom apartment of 35 m2 (370 sq ft) is on the 3rd floor. Entirely renovated and decorated, offering a bedroom with a double bed, a brigh living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. INTERIOR FACILITIES: - High-speed Internet (WIFI) - Flat screen with cable TV  (3D TV)- Double bed (140 cm x 200 cm) - Sofa bed (140 cm x 200 cm) - Fully Fitted Kitchen - Washing machine - Coffee machine - Refrigerator - Microwave Oven - Toaster - Hairdryer - Iron  The location is great if you want to enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle or to go to Montmartre. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of grocery stores, butchers, bakeries around. The metro station (Jules Joffrin, line 12) is at less than 800 meters from the flat and a bus stop is on the street. This is a great place to enjoy Paris. Francais:  Appartement calme au 3ème étage près de Montmartre, rénové récemment avec une chambre. L’appartement est chaleureux e	This quiet and comfy 1 bedroom apartment of 35 m2 (370 sq ft) entirely renovated and decorated. Appartement calme au 3ème étage près de Montmartre, rénové récemment avec une chambre. L’appartement est chaleureux et offre un confort complet English: This quiet and comfy 1 bedroom apartment of 35 m2 (370 sq ft) is on the 3rd floor. Entirely renovated and decorated, offering a bedroom with a double bed, a brigh living room with a very comfortable sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. INTERIOR FACILITIES: - High-speed Internet (WIFI) - Flat screen with cable TV  (3D TV)- Double bed (140 cm x 200 cm) - Sofa bed (140 cm x 200 cm) - Fully Fitted Kitchen - Washing machine - Coffee machine - Refrigerator - Microwave Oven - Toaster - Hairdryer - Iron  The location is great if you want to enjoy Paris by Night at Pigalle or to go to Montmartre. You can confortably cook in the flat. You have a lot of grocery stores, butchers, bakeries around. The metro station (Jules Joffrin, line 12) 
32246	Warm decoration, brick, metal beams, wooden floors, kitchen forming a warm and cozy place!	"Cosy 45m2 apartment, warm and atypical located 10 minutes from Montmartre/Sacré-Coeur. Beams, bricks, hardwood floors, floor tiles. Fully equipped kitchen with bar and dishwasher, cozy living room, walk-in shower, courtyard.    Warm decoration, brick, metal beams, wooden floors, kitchen forming a warm and cozy place! St Ouen flea market internationally known, Montmartre and Pigalle just a few minutes by public transport or by foot! They will be fully independent unless schedules coincide and they agree to share a drink! We enjoy doing our shopping in grocer's shops, cheese shops, delicatessens, butchers, etc. We also like wandering in Montmartre and Abbesses, or going to the world's biggest antiquing flea market! Metro line 4 - Stop ""Porte de Clignancourt"" Metro line 12 - Stop ""Jules Joffrin"" Metro line 4 - direct to the city center ""Chatelet"" and 2 train stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est) Located 20 minutes by metro from the Champs-Elysées and 30 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. "
32247	Recently renovated by an architect,  the flat has been done with good materials, provides an excellent bed and  located on the 3rd floor, with a south west exposure is very luminous. It has an entrance, large living room, bedroom, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower and bath, separate toilets. Close to all the amenities  : supermarkets, pharmacies, subways, buses...super convenient! Bed linen and towels provided. SHORT TERM RENTALS UNTIL OCT 10TH.	Come and spend your stay in this 50 Ssqm flat located very near the lively and exciting Montmartre area, known for its trendy cafes, romantic restaurants, the Sacré Coeur, and the charming stairs and pedestrian streets unique in Paris. The flat is very comfortable and recently refurbished, it's clean, bright and has everything you need . The large living room is cosy and welcoming with its wooden floor, TV, sofa and dining table for 6 people. In the bedroom you have a large comfy bed! Recently renovated by an architect,  the flat has been done with good materials, provides an excellent bed and  located on the 3rd floor, with a south west exposure is very luminous. It has an entrance, large living room, bedroom, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower and bath, separate toilets. Close to all the amenities  : supermarkets, pharmacies, subways, buses...super convenient! Bed linen and towels provided. SHORT TERM RENTALS UNTIL OCT 10TH. The flat is on the 3rd floor in a secured buildin
32248	This plush 2 bedroom apartment is located in one of the chic areas of Paris, Montmartre. The locality is all set to give you a quintessential charm and feeling of Paris with all major tourist attractions accessible at a short time. The apartment is fully furnished, well decorated and safe for a peaceful living with all comfort arrangements around.   There are two bedrooms in the apartment. One of them is relatively smaller with a nice sky window and the other is spacious and airy with large glazed window. Both offer large double beds and closets with ample storage space.  The living space is exquisitely decorated with large sofa, coffee table, TV, bookcase, CD player etc. The fully equipped kitchen offers you all appliances and utensils to cook your own delicacies as in the comfort of home. There is a bathroom with all modern bathing arrangements and a separate toilet.  The location offers great transport links to all of Paris by metro or by on road transport. Many of the famous Paris 	This plush 2 bedroom apartment is located in one of the chic areas of Paris, Montmartre. The locality is all set to give you a quintessential charm and feeling of Paris with all major tourist attractions accessible at a short time. The apartment is f This plush 2 bedroom apartment is located in one of the chic areas of Paris, Montmartre. The locality is all set to give you a quintessential charm and feeling of Paris with all major tourist attractions accessible at a short time. The apartment is fully furnished, well decorated and safe for a peaceful living with all comfort arrangements around.   There are two bedrooms in the apartment. One of them is relatively smaller with a nice sky window and the other is spacious and airy with large glazed window. Both offer large double beds and closets with ample storage space.  The living space is exquisitely decorated with large sofa, coffee table, TV, bookcase, CD player etc. The fully equipped kitchen offers you all appliances and utensils to
32249	70 sqm flat located in the heart of Montmartre area. Two bedroom, one living room. 1 min from metro Abbesses, in the 3th floor of an 1900 buiding with  full of sun. 2 double bed and 2 bed for child  : total : 4 sleeps + 2 childs	70 sqm flat located in the heart of Montmartre area. Two bedroom, one living room. 1 min from metro Abbesses, in the 3th floor of an 1900 buiding with  full of sun. 2 double bed and 2 bed for child  : total : 4 sleeps + 2 childs 70 sqm flat located in the heart of Montmartre area. Two bedroom, one living room. 1 min from metro Abbesses, in the 3th floor of an 1900 buiding with  full of sun. 2 double bed and 2 bed for child  : total : 4 sleeps + 2 childs Best of Paris, safe, central, historical, museum, best restaurant, nightlife, cafés, boulangeries... We edited a guide with our best restaurant, cafés, shops.. mail and tel Best of Paris, safe, central, historical, museum, best restaurant, nightlife, cafés, boulangeries... With a guide with our best restaurant, cafés, shops.. Cab/ Metro/ train/ Bus/ Bicycle/ Cars L'appartement est pour deux couples maximum et deux enfants (les lits enfants ne sont pas adaptés aux adultes)
32250		Studio situé près du Quartier Montmartre;de Pigalle; et de la  place de Clichy. A 5minutes du moulin rouge, 10 minutes du quartier Haussmann, Saint Lazare et 15 minutes des Champs Elysées. Visitez le sacré cœur et Pigalle tranquillement.
32251	Lovely house in a calm street of the 18th district of Paris. Very charming and ligthfull place.	Situé dans le 18ème arrondissement, à deux pas du métro, la maison se niche dans une impasse, en retrait des grandes avenues. Beaucoup de charme, espaces très lumineux, parquet. La chambre donne sur le petit jardin intérieur. Lovely house in a calm street of the 18th district of Paris. Very charming and ligthfull place. The house is 7 minutes by walking from the subway: Simplon (line 4) and Marcadet-Poissonniers (line 4 and 12).
32252	Agréable, chaleureux, donne sur cour donc pas de bruit. Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Quartier très vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Metro, bus, vélib  Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Quartier très vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Metro, bus, vélib 	Au coeur de Montmartre, Proche des métros Pigalle, Blanche et Abbesses (L.12 & 2). 1 chambre 13m2, tout confort, appartement équipé neuf: Machines à laver linge et vaisselle, Wi Fi (fibre optique), TV câble, four, grand frigo, plaques à induction. Agréable, chaleureux, donne sur cour donc pas de bruit. Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Quartier très vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Metro, bus, vélib  Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Quartier très vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Metro, bus, vélib  Moulin Rouge, Sacré Coeur, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Je ne serais pas loin et prêt à vous aiguiller dans votre séjour si vous le désirez Quartier très vivant, il y a de nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Metro, bus, vélib 
32253	Fully furnished studio, including internet and TV, bath room, etc...  The flat has just been entirely renovated. The studio is located in Montmartre, one of the most authentic area in Paris. it is less than 5 min walk from the Abbesses and the very famous cabaret the Moulin Rouge, the church of the Sacre Coeur, and the Cafe des 2 Moulins where the very famous movie Le Fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain has been screened. And more things to see... . Lots of nice and good cafe, restaurants with French cuisine are also available.  It is also 5 min walk from the Metro Blanche (line 2). 	Fully furnished studio, including internet and TV, bath room, etc...  The flat has just been entirely renovated. The studio is located in Montmartre, one of the most authentic area in Paris. it is less than 5 min walk from the Abbesses and the very famous cabaret the Moulin Rouge, the church of the Sacre Coeur, and the Cafe des 2 Moulins where the very famous movie Le Fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain has been screened. And more things to see... . Lots of nice and good cafe, restaurants with French cuisine are also available.  It is also 5 min walk from the Metro Blanche (line 2). 
32254	This 30 square meters spacious studio is designed and furnished in a modern style. It sleeps up to four comfortably. Located at the foot of the Sacré-Coeur (In the heart of the Amélie Poulain area) it has an easy access to any part of the city. For your entertainment, this studio is equipped with a flat screen TV, satellite,wifi internet, free telephone to over 100 countires including USA , Canada and  Australia. There is also a safe deposit box. Digital code entry to the building. Living room: A modern living room furnished with comfortable slatted convertable sofa and a leather armchair, flat screen TV,  satellite, a DVD player, a DVDIX, the Hi-fi and WIFI Internet. A selection of DVDs are also provided during your stay. The double bed is very comfortable with plenty of wardrobe and shelf space.  Wooden teak flooring throughout.  All sheets, towels and tea towels are provided for your stay. Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen - induction cook top,  dishwasher, microwave/oven,  fridge,  k	AT THE FOOT OF THE SACRE COEUR This 30 square meters spacious studio is designed and furnished in a modern style. It sleeps up to four comfortably. Located at the foot of the Sacré-Coeur (In the heart of the Amélie Poulain area) it has an easy access to any part of the city. For your entertainment, this studio is equipped with a flat screen TV, satellite,wifi internet, free telephone to over 100 countires including USA , Canada and  Australia. There is also a safe deposit box. Digital code entry to the building. Living room: A modern living room furnished with comfortable slatted convertable sofa and a leather armchair, flat screen TV,  satellite, a DVD player, a DVDIX, the Hi-fi and WIFI Internet. A selection of DVDs are also provided during your stay. The double bed is very comfortable with plenty of wardrobe and shelf space.  Wooden teak flooring throughout.  All sheets, towels and tea towels are provided for your stay. Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen - induction cook top,  dishwash
32255	Small loft style open space flat, with sliding doors to close the bedroom and the bathroom. Very luminous (south orientation with big windows and sun light in the morning). Old industrial building (1930's). Situated at the 4th floor, with elevator or stairs. 1 queen size bed in the bedroom, and 1 convertible coach (bed 140cm) if you are 3 or 4 persons.	Lovely 2 rooms flat 40m2 situated north Montmartre/Clignancourt, near metro/bus stations and shops.  Very luminous and functional, with 1 bedroom, 1 living room with american kitchen, 1 bathroom, all in openspace with rolling doors. Small loft style open space flat, with sliding doors to close the bedroom and the bathroom. Very luminous (south orientation with big windows and sun light in the morning). Old industrial building (1930's). Situated at the 4th floor, with elevator or stairs. 1 queen size bed in the bedroom, and 1 convertible coach (bed 140cm) if you are 3 or 4 persons. Very nice area, with a local lifestyle, all shops around (3 local markets, 3 supermarkets, bars, restaurants....). All local shops for food, bars, restaurants... rue du Poteau. Close to Montmartre tourist area (Sacré Coeur, place du Tertre...) 15min walking distance, and to Saint-Ouen flea and antic market (10min walking distance). Metro line 4 Porte de Clignancourt (6min walking) and line 12 Jules Joffrin (8
32256	Clair et contemporain, avec les toiles de l'artiste. Un petit  air de vacances du sud, avec sa fresque en carrelage espagnole sur le mur et le soleil toute la journée qui entre par les fenêtres. Son vieux parquet et ses jolies cheminées, Le charme parisien	2 PIECES aux Batignolles, a pied de MONTMARTRE pour 4 personnes. Haut perché sous les toits et au charme Parisien; décoré par l'artiste   clair, ensoleillé, vieux parquet, cheminées. Proche commerces, cinéma, restaurants, bar, parc des Batignoles et Montmartre, Gare St Lazare. métro lignes 13 et 2, bus 81, 74, 54. Clair et contemporain, avec les toiles de l'artiste. Un petit  air de vacances du sud, avec sa fresque en carrelage espagnole sur le mur et le soleil toute la journée qui entre par les fenêtres. Son vieux parquet et ses jolies cheminées, Le charme parisien Avec plaisir, je vous accueillerai, vous monterai le raccourci pour se rendre à Montmartre,  Vous indiquerai les petits bistros de charmes du guide Michelin très abordables du coin. Les nombreux transports au pied, pour venir des aéroports, des bus, de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare Montparnasse direct en bus. Pour aller aux grands magasins ou au Louvre, en bus a St Germain des Prés. Tous mes secrets parisiens. A 6 mn a pied
32257	Important information : there is a scaffold in front of one of the windows	"Perfect for a romantic stay in Montmartre !  The apartment has just been completely renovated, charming and design, it's located 5 minutes from the ""Sacré Coeur"", and 1 minute from Abbesses Subway station. Important information : there is a scaffold in front of one of the windows All equipments of the apartment  Paris City Guide First necessities products and coffee, one bottle of red wine or french specialities  Towels Sheets I live very close from the apartment so I'm available at any time by phone and I could com 5 min from the Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge and 1 min from Rue des Abbesses by feet ! 1 min from Abbesses (L12)  25 m2"
32258	Lovely 1 bedroom + Living dining and Balcony (Facing West) . 43m2 . 8th floor, very bright. Bus Stop (Line 81) in Front of building. 素敵な43m2 1LDK  バルコニー 。8階.明るい. モンマルトル(サクレクール)まで 15分 (歩いて). スーパーマーケット、パン屋, バス停(81番線)1分. 2 weeks max. The amazing view and brightness. Quiet, overlooking the courtyard (no street noise) 静か、佳景 TV, Wi-Fi internet, domestic + EU/US/Japan free phone calls (to fixed lines only). Washing Machine. むりょうな電話(携帯電話除く), 洗濯機. Check in AND check out. Many shops, restaurants, movie theaters, touristical spots 店、映画館、レストラン,観光地 Very convenient. Many bus lines + Metro	Quite Nest with fabulous view and tons of shops nearby. 静かなアパート。素敵なビュー。お店がたくさん。 Lovely 1 bedroom + Living dining and Balcony (Facing West) . 43m2 . 8th floor, very bright. Bus Stop (Line 81) in Front of building. 素敵な43m2 1LDK  バルコニー 。8階.明るい. モンマルトル(サクレクール)まで 15分 (歩いて). スーパーマーケット、パン屋, バス停(81番線)1分. 2 weeks max. The amazing view and brightness. Quiet, overlooking the courtyard (no street noise) 静か、佳景 TV, Wi-Fi internet, domestic + EU/US/Japan free phone calls (to fixed lines only). Washing Machine. むりょうな電話(携帯電話除く), 洗濯機. Check in AND check out. Many shops, restaurants, movie theaters, touristical spots 店、映画館、レストラン,観光地 Very convenient. Many bus lines + Metro Montmartre, Batignolles: Parks, restaurants, Bars, Cabaret, Movie Theaters Super Convenient with Metro station 3 minutes away and Bus (with late Service) stop in front of the flat.
32259	A charming little 2-rooms apartment, recently renewed, in the heart of the 18 arrondissement of Paris (Gare du Nord/Barbès.) The apartment offers one bedroom (with a really good double-bed) and one living/dining room. There is a fully furnished kitchen (although teeny tiny), with basic products to cook you may use ; and a bathroom with shower and toilets (tiny too!).  A charming balconny runs along the apartment, and it is the greatest pleasure to enjoy the air of the parisian air when the evening comes after a long day… The rent is low because there is no elevator and on the 5th floor… But when you're arrived upstairs you don't regret the exercice !	A cozy little 2-rooms apartment in a calm street of the busy 18/Goutte d'Or. The place can host 2 people, bedsheets, towels and basic stuff to cook are provided. 10 min walking from Gare du Nord and 15 from Montmartre, a good spot to discover Paris. A charming little 2-rooms apartment, recently renewed, in the heart of the 18 arrondissement of Paris (Gare du Nord/Barbès.) The apartment offers one bedroom (with a really good double-bed) and one living/dining room. There is a fully furnished kitchen (although teeny tiny), with basic products to cook you may use ; and a bathroom with shower and toilets (tiny too!).  A charming balconny runs along the apartment, and it is the greatest pleasure to enjoy the air of the parisian air when the evening comes after a long day… The rent is low because there is no elevator and on the 5th floor… But when you're arrived upstairs you don't regret the exercice ! Bedsheets and towels are furnished. I also leave the basic stuff in the kitchen that you ma
32260	This 30 sq meter, bright appartment is located at the 4th floor of a 70s building with full comfort: elevator, bathtub, washing machine, oven, micro-wave, hairdryer, wifi... The sheets and towels are included.	This appartment, located at one hour from both airports, can host 2 people. Close to the Metro, it is in a shopping street full of life, near Montmartre and the flea market. It is the ideal starting point to your Paris discovery. This 30 sq meter, bright appartment is located at the 4th floor of a 70s building with full comfort: elevator, bathtub, washing machine, oven, micro-wave, hairdryer, wifi... The sheets and towels are included. Travelers will have access to the whole appartment. I will be glad to meet the travelers when they arrive and leave the appartment, if I can. We will keep in touch by phone, if they have any questions. My neighborhood is located between Montmartre and the Clignancourt flea market. On one side, the Sacré-Coeur, the place du Tertre, Abbesses and its trendy shops, Pigalle and its bars... On the other side, the flea market and its very cheap shops. My building is in a very pleasant neighborhood, with cobbled streets, a market, a lot of groceries to enjoy wha
32261	Charming apartment near Montmartre in Paris (40m2). There are on bedroom (kingsize bed), dinningroom, kitchen, shower room. It's full equiped (wifi, tv, hifi...).  The kitchen is full furnished with oven, café machine (filter and nespresso) and all for cooking. The bedroom is very quiet with a king-size bed, desk, it' very charming with a view of the rooftops of Paris and the Sacré-Coeur.  The dinning-room has a sofa (not bed); a short table and 2 armchairs, a table for dinning with 4 chairs, a fireplace, TV, audio-system. The Wifi is free and high-speed. The apartment is on 6th floor with an elevator, and with a view of typical roof on Paris. It's situated near two metro's lines (4 and 12) for a rapid access to the center of Paris (15 minutes) The XVIIIth district is very popular and cosmopolitan area, with many shops (market with fresh products, good bakery, fishmonger, wine merchant, cheese merchant... and supermarket. It's nearby the district of Montmartre, and the famous Sacré-Coe	Charming apartment near Montmartre in Paris (40m2).  There are on bedroom (kingsize bed), dinningroom, kitchen, shower room. It's full equiped (wifi, tv, hifi...).  The kitchen is full furnished with oven, café machine (filter and nespresso) and all  Charming apartment near Montmartre in Paris (40m2). There are on bedroom (kingsize bed), dinningroom, kitchen, shower room. It's full equiped (wifi, tv, hifi...).  The kitchen is full furnished with oven, café machine (filter and nespresso) and all for cooking. The bedroom is very quiet with a king-size bed, desk, it' very charming with a view of the rooftops of Paris and the Sacré-Coeur.  The dinning-room has a sofa (not bed); a short table and 2 armchairs, a table for dinning with 4 chairs, a fireplace, TV, audio-system. The Wifi is free and high-speed. The apartment is on 6th floor with an elevator, and with a view of typical roof on Paris. It's situated near two metro's lines (4 and 12) for a rapid access to the center of Paris (15 min
32262	THE FLAT: Our flat is located just a 2 minutes walk from Sacre Coeur, on the 5th and last floor. Here is a very nice view towards Sacre Coeur from our large balcony facing south and west, which mean sun all day.  In May 2013, our flat was renovated with a new bathroom with a large bathtub and a new spacious fully equipped kitchen, with all appliances needed incl. washing machine and dishwasher. The dining room is in the same room as the kitchen and the large dinning table seats 8 persons. 2 glass doors lead you to the balcony, which can also be accessed from the living room. There is an open fireplace in the living room, and up the stairs you’ll find the bedroom with a double bed (140 cm). The room, which is a loft, is a charming little nest under the roof, with a view to the sky and to the top of Montmartre through the window.  The flat is in a typical charming Parisian style, with visible woodpiles in the ceiling and old original wooden floor. There is free Wi-fi in the flat, and a T	Welcome to our 70 m2 charming flat with a large balcony on the fabulous Montmartre.  THE FLAT: Our flat is located just a 2 minutes walk from Sacre Coeur, on the 5th and last floor. Here is a very nice view towards Sacre Coeur from our large balcony facing south and west, which mean sun all day.  In May 2013, our flat was renovated with a new bathroom with a large bathtub and a new spacious fully equipped kitchen, with all appliances needed incl. washing machine and dishwasher. The dining room is in the same room as the kitchen and the large dinning table seats 8 persons. 2 glass doors lead you to the balcony, which can also be accessed from the living room. There is an open fireplace in the living room, and up the stairs you’ll find the bedroom with a double bed (140 cm). The room, which is a loft, is a charming little nest under the roof, with a view to the sky and to the top of Montmartre through the window.  The flat is in a typical charming Parisian style, with visible woodpiles i
32263	Petite surface très bien agencée et équipée.  Les 20m2 de cet appartement sont exploités au mieux pour vous permettre un séjour confortable.  Vous êtes en plein cœur de Montmartre.  300m du sacre cœur  150m de la place du tertre Idéalement situé, cet appartement sur cour est aussi extrêmement calme. Il dispose d'une douche spacieuse, de WC séparés, cuisine équipée (induction, mini-four, réfrigérateur), machine à laver le linge, canapé convertible rapido  (structure proche d'un vrai lit une fois déplié), console extensible pouvant servir de bureau ou de table a manger (meuble en maintenance, actuellement non fonctionnel)	ATTENTION: mon CHAT vit dans cet appartement.  WARNING: my CAT is living in this apartment. Petite surface très bien agencée et équipée.  Les 20m2 de cet appartement sont exploités au mieux pour vous permettre un séjour confortable.  Vous êtes en plein cœur de Montmartre.  300m du sacre cœur  150m de la place du tertre Idéalement situé, cet appartement sur cour est aussi extrêmement calme. Il dispose d'une douche spacieuse, de WC séparés, cuisine équipée (induction, mini-four, réfrigérateur), machine à laver le linge, canapé convertible rapido  (structure proche d'un vrai lit une fois déplié), console extensible pouvant servir de bureau ou de table a manger (meuble en maintenance, actuellement non fonctionnel) Je ferai de mon mieux pour pouvoir vous accueillir en personne le jour de votre arrivée et vous présenter les lieux, sinon, ma femme de ménage s'en chargera. Mon second logement se trouve à quelques minutes, je serai disponible en cas de besoin mais vous disposerez du logement en
32264	It's perfect for two You will find a very big convertible couch. The residence is very calm and secure. You got a pull-up bar right in the celling if you like to do some morning workout :)	"Nice and functionnal appartement of 34m². Close to Montmartre and Batignolles. Third floor of a calm, recent and secure residence. Fully equipped kitchen Living room with wide screen Big convertible couch Close to metro It's perfect for two You will find a very big convertible couch. The residence is very calm and secure. You got a pull-up bar right in the celling if you like to do some morning workout :) Free Wifi Full HD TV screen Fully equipped kitchen with all basics stuff I am quite flexible regarding schedule. You can contact me on the phone or by email I'll answer you quickly. Since I'm living here, I will give you your space. I will be there mostly after work and in the morning :) My flat is just across the ancient railways. Very calm with a ""village"" feeling. There is a very good japanse restaurant and a friendly bar just at the end of my street.  Otherwise, the heart of the 18th arrondissement is less than 10 minutes walk from my place From Airport it's pretty simple (Orly or"
32265	"Two rooms at the ""Butte Montmartre"". Apartment with the charm of the old: original parquet floor, molding and fireplace. Illustrator and designer, I am passionate for decoration. I love mix parts design of the fifties and rare antiques. The apartment is located on the 4th floor, very bright, shining through east-west. No noise, the neighbors are quiet and the street is closed to traffic on weekends.  The apartment has been completely refurbished last year. The kitchen is new and full equipped: dishwasher, microwave, oven and induction hob.  I let you food to make breakfast: coffee, milk, butters jam, sugar, bread... In the house, a new bedding, a large dressing room. A washing machine and a new bathroom. Sheets and towels are supplied. New heating in all the flat for your comfort. The neighborhood is very nice, like a village ! There are a lot of shopping: butchers, delicatessens, supermarkets. A very very good bakery (for me the best! ). Restaurants very nice and affordable. I am loca"	"Two rooms in Montmartre. Little parisian appartement with a lot of charm. Completly renoved last year. Decoreted with vintage objects - scandinavian and american fifties. Two rooms at the ""Butte Montmartre"". Apartment with the charm of the old: original parquet floor, molding and fireplace. Illustrator and designer, I am passionate for decoration. I love mix parts design of the fifties and rare antiques. The apartment is located on the 4th floor, very bright, shining through east-west. No noise, the neighbors are quiet and the street is closed to traffic on weekends.  The apartment has been completely refurbished last year. The kitchen is new and full equipped: dishwasher, microwave, oven and induction hob.  I let you food to make breakfast: coffee, milk, butters jam, sugar, bread... In the house, a new bedding, a large dressing room. A washing machine and a new bathroom. Sheets and towels are supplied. New heating in all the flat for your comfort. The neighborhood is very nice, like a"
32266		T2 de 41 m² dans une rue très calme, cuisine très bien équipée,WC séparés de la salle de bain,douche à l'italienne. vous aurez le logement en entier. Clic clac, grand lit double(160x200), l'appartement est idéal pour des vacances à 2 ou 3 personnes. Lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, internet, TV,  etc. Le quartier est très bien desservi par les transports en communs (proximité gare du nord, barbès et château rouge) Comme j'aime bien marcher voici une indication des distances à pieds des lieux à voir dans le quartier : moins de 10 minutes à pied : Le quartier de Montmartre juste à côté, le sacré cœur, le marché saint Pierre, les espaces culturels de la goutte d'or, les bars et restaurants typiques du 18ème arrondissement moins de 20 minutes à pied : Moulin rouge, le marché de la goutte verte,  la proximité avec le canal saint Martin (via la rue Louis Blanc) moins de 30 minutes à pied : les buttes Chaumont, le marché aux puces à Clignancourt, le Parc de la villette
32267	Appartement type haussmanien, très bien desservi par le métro (à 10 minutes du centre de Paris) et par les bus. Cet appartement de charme est composé de deux pièces principales : une chambre avec un lit double pour deux personnes, un séjour avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes supplémentaires. Il comprend par ailleurs une cuisine aménagée et une salle de bain. L’appartement est entièrement refait à neuf, spacieux et très éclairé. Dans le quartier :  Tous commerces, grand marché 3 fois par semaine; bons restaurants et cafés-brasseries sympathiques.  A 15 minutes à pied du quartier de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur ainsi que du célèbre marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen. Nombreux théâtres et salles de concerts à proximité. Pour de plus amples informations, n'hésitez pas à me contacter. Ludovic ;)	Appartement type haussmanien, très bien desservi par le métro (à 10 minutes du centre de Paris) et par les bus. Cet appartement de charme est composé de deux pièces principales : une chambre avec un lit double pour deux personnes, un séjour avec un Appartement type haussmanien, très bien desservi par le métro (à 10 minutes du centre de Paris) et par les bus. Cet appartement de charme est composé de deux pièces principales : une chambre avec un lit double pour deux personnes, un séjour avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes supplémentaires. Il comprend par ailleurs une cuisine aménagée et une salle de bain. L’appartement est entièrement refait à neuf, spacieux et très éclairé. Dans le quartier :  Tous commerces, grand marché 3 fois par semaine; bons restaurants et cafés-brasseries sympathiques.  A 15 minutes à pied du quartier de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur ainsi que du célèbre marché aux puces de Saint-Ouen. Nombreux théâtres et salles de concerts à proximité. Pour de plus amples info
32268		L'appartement est spacieux 80 m2 (cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire, salon et 2 autres chambres). Mes adorables collocs Emilie et François ne seront là que du lundi au jeudi. Le quartier est très sympa, 10 min à pied du Sacré Coeur.
32269	37 sqm (400 sft) appartment located on the 4th floor of corner building >> bright and cosy!  Right down Montmartre hill. Very charming apartment with wood floor and fireplace (non-working) The apartment has: - 1 entryway - 1 bedroom with double bed - 1 living room with two sofa-beds - 1 bathroom with shower - 1 kitchen - fully equipped  - 1 toilet  Fully Equipped flat: - Real double bed, quality mattress  - Two sofa beds - Wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL and cable TV + sound system - Hair dryer,  Iron  - Equipped kitchen: fridge, freezer, oven, micro wave, stove, washing machine, kettle  - Towels and linen provided ------------------------------------------------	Lovely 1 bedroom appartment right down the Montmarte Hill, in Paris 18th. 37 sqm (400 sft) appartment located on the 4th floor of corner building >> bright and cosy!  Right down Montmartre hill. Very charming apartment with wood floor and fireplace (non-working) The apartment has: - 1 entryway - 1 bedroom with double bed - 1 living room with two sofa-beds - 1 bathroom with shower - 1 kitchen - fully equipped  - 1 toilet  Fully Equipped flat: - Real double bed, quality mattress  - Two sofa beds - Wireless unlimited access to Internet ADSL and cable TV + sound system - Hair dryer,  Iron  - Equipped kitchen: fridge, freezer, oven, micro wave, stove, washing machine, kettle  - Towels and linen provided ------------------------------------------------ Entire apartment Available anytime by telephone and/or mail The Neighborhood: Typical Paris street, right down the Montmartre hill (10 minutes walk to top of the hill).  Vibrant during the day, with food markets and bistros, but quiet at night
32270	Welcome to the 17th! Great local vibe away from all the tourist traps but close enough to them to still enjoy! If you are looking for a true Parisan feel then this apt and location is for you! Located at Square Batignolles the apt is surrounded by young locals and great selection of true french bistro cuisine. Tons of markets, parks and shops. The metro is a quick 5 min walk alway that takes you straight to the Champs Elysees within 5 stops or to the great shopping at Printemps and Galeries Lafayette in 2 stops! A lovely 1 bedroom (35m2), street-level appartment, in the 17th arrondissement. Possibility for two extra people to sleep on a mattress. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries and authentic French cuisine steps away from the appartment. Amazing to local bars and restaurants on the incredible rue Legendre! LOCATION: The nearest metro metro La Fourche and Place de Clichy, on line 13.  Close all to the main sites: Montmartre, the Sacre Coeur, Moulin R	Modern apartment in Paris Montmartre Clichy Pigalle, with all conveniency. Welcome to the 17th! Great local vibe away from all the tourist traps but close enough to them to still enjoy! If you are looking for a true Parisan feel then this apt and location is for you! Located at Square Batignolles the apt is surrounded by young locals and great selection of true french bistro cuisine. Tons of markets, parks and shops. The metro is a quick 5 min walk alway that takes you straight to the Champs Elysees within 5 stops or to the great shopping at Printemps and Galeries Lafayette in 2 stops! A lovely 1 bedroom (35m2), street-level appartment, in the 17th arrondissement. Possibility for two extra people to sleep on a mattress. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet and you can find shops, bakeries and authentic French cuisine steps away from the appartment. Amazing to local bars and restaurants on the incredible rue Legendre! LOCATION: The nearest metro metro La Fourche and Place de Clichy, on l
32271	Typical parisian appartment, this 1BR appartment is on the 6th floor with a double expore (est/west). It offers a nice view on the Paris'roofs. The bathroom (est side / no neighbours in front) is connected to the bedroom so you can enjoy the sun coming into the room in the morning if you open the door. For the apéritif or the dinner, the sun is in the livingroom! 	Perfect to spend a wonderfull stay in Paris! Located in the middle of Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) this flat is really well connected (10 min by metro) to all the most touristic places (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Champs Elysées, Concorde, Luxembourg, Beaubourg...). You will enjoy this tiny village in Paris as it is such a quiet place with many restaurants, bars, small streets, boulangeries, boucheries and so much more!! let try.... never forget for sure! Typical parisian appartment, this 1BR appartment is on the 6th floor with a double expore (est/west). It offers a nice view on the Paris'roofs. The bathroom (est side / no neighbours in front) is connected to the bedroom so you can enjoy the sun coming into the room in the morning if you open the door. For the apéritif or the dinner, the sun is in the livingroom! In the kitchen there is: - 2 cooktops  - a fridge - a microwaves - a dishwasher  - a hooven - a nesperesso coffee machine - fresh squizzed orange juice machine -... This flat is re
32272	My flat is 50 meters and I decorate it in my own style, it means simple and clear space	This a flat i moved in 6 months ago, prior to that I was already in the 18th arrondissement (montrmartre, pigalle...).  The location is ideal to visit Paris, 5 minutes from Montmartre, 15 from Pigalle. The underground station is just donwstairs ^^ My flat is 50 meters and I decorate it in my own style, it means simple and clear space It will be the frist time I share my flat My flat is situated to the place Jules Joffrin and Marie du 18 eme. For me this is nice way to visit paris with real parisians.  A lot of nice cafes (for day coffee or cocktail at nights) and the best is the people living there ,) Metro station line 12 just downstairs (nice line to visit Paris: Madeleine, Concorde, Assemblee Nationale,  Orsay Museum,  Pigalle) and line 4 is not so far
32273		Très joli studio, proche Montmarte dans quartier calme, 18 eme. proche métro (4,12) et commerces, supermarchés, puces , piscine des Amiraux... Ascenceur dans résidence privée-salle d'eau avec baignoire- Tout confort- Book Now Proximité restaurants-      wifi- 
32274	At the 3rd fllor wtih lift,it is divided into :    -  A large living-room    - A calm bedroom    - A bathroom with bathtub and toilets       - An equipped kitchen    - An entrance The living room, main room, is very bright thanks to his two windows. It contains a lounge corner with large tv flat screen and big sofa, an office corner, and a dinign room corner. The bedroom , overlooking the courtyard, is very quiet. Storage furnitures are at your disposal. The 2 persons bed is equipped with a recent and comfortable bedding. In the bathroom is a bathtub , the toilets, a piece of furniture, a sink corner. The kitchen is equipped with induction cooker,fridge, kettle, cafetiere and and the serving dishes and accessories to cook. The living room can easily be turned into a second bedroom thanks to a 2 persons futon mattress at your disposal for a four persons stay preserving intimacy. 	This bright and spacious flat ( 561 sq ft ) located        at the foot of montmartre. At the 3rd fllor wtih lift,it is divided into :    -  A large living-room    - A calm bedroom    - A bathroom with bathtub and toilets       - An equipped kitchen    - An entrance The living room, main room, is very bright thanks to his two windows. It contains a lounge corner with large tv flat screen and big sofa, an office corner, and a dinign room corner. The bedroom , overlooking the courtyard, is very quiet. Storage furnitures are at your disposal. The 2 persons bed is equipped with a recent and comfortable bedding. In the bathroom is a bathtub , the toilets, a piece of furniture, a sink corner. The kitchen is equipped with induction cooker,fridge, kettle, cafetiere and and the serving dishes and accessories to cook. The living room can easily be turned into a second bedroom thanks to a 2 persons futon mattress at your disposal for a four persons stay preserving intimacy. The voyagers have acces
32275	"Nicely furnished flat of 55m² / 592ft² located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, 15 min walk from Montmarte, 10 min from Gare du Nord, 20 min from CDG airport The apartment is on the 6th floor with an elevator and a panoramic view on the East of Paris. Big balcony of 7m². Big tree yard in front of the flat, and very good view. The flat brand new, is in a loft and industrial style has one bedroom for two people and a big living room 37m²/400ft² with a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, fridge and oven/microwave. Bathroom with a large bathtube, WC and washing machine. Internet, TV screen 32"", Towels and bed sheets provided. Big supermarket MONOPRIX on the other side of the road open until 10pm"	"Really causy and design flat perfect for a couple or familly of four people, it's also possible to b 3 friends there friends in a good conditions. Nicely furnished flat of 55m² / 592ft² located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, 15 min walk from Montmarte, 10 min from Gare du Nord, 20 min from CDG airport The apartment is on the 6th floor with an elevator and a panoramic view on the East of Paris. Big balcony of 7m². Big tree yard in front of the flat, and very good view. The flat brand new, is in a loft and industrial style has one bedroom for two people and a big living room 37m²/400ft² with a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, fridge and oven/microwave. Bathroom with a large bathtube, WC and washing machine. Internet, TV screen 32"", Towels and bed sheets provided. Big supermarket MONOPRIX on the other side of the road open until 10pm Excellent transport access to the rest of Paris :  - metro La Chapelle line 2 and Marx Dormoy line 12, are 4 min walk  - bus - rental bikes (Vel"
32276	A Montmartre, appartement dernier étage (avec ascenseur), très calme, avec concierge, deux pièces de 40 mètres carrés, avec une chambre (lit double), salon (canapé convertible 120), salle de bains (douche), cuisine, très belle vue dégagée exposée plein Est. Deux lignes de métro à 5mn, bus en bas de l'immeuble, tous commerces, cafés, bars, restaurants, le Sacré-Coeur à 5 minutes à pieds. 	A Montmartre, appartement dernier étage (avec ascenseur), très calme, avec concierge, deux pièces de 40 mètres carrés, avec une chambre (lit double), salon (canapé convertible 120), salle de bains (douche), cuisine, très belle vue dégagée exposée plein Est. Deux lignes de métro à 5mn, bus en bas de l'immeuble, tous commerces, cafés, bars, restaurants, le Sacré-Coeur à 5 minutes à pieds.  Acces a l intégralité de l appartement. Montmartre est un village où vivent beaucoup d artistes. Il est très agréable de s y promener. Au programme musées, cinémas, restaurants, bars, boutiques de créateurs. Metro lamarck caulaincourt (ligne12) ou métro château rouge (ligne 4) Bus 80 arrêt custine mont cenis Station de Taxi a proximité (mairie du 18ème arrondissement) 
32277		Near Montmartre and the Gare du Nord, our apartment is very quiet and comfortable. Close to metros & trains, it allows you to go everywhere in Paris very easily.  It can easily welcome 5 persons thanks to 3 beds.
32278	Flat consists of: - Bedroom with futon bed (sleeps 2), hardwood floors, large built-in wardrobe. - Living room with good-sized TV, large comfy sofa that folds out into good quality double bed. - Open plan kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, large fridge and espresso maker. - Bathroom with vanity unit, large mirror and brand new walk-in shower.  - Separate toilet. Hardwood floors throughout. Large double-glazed windows in bedroom and living room, letting in plenty of light. This flat has only just finished being refurbished and has been decorated to a high standard with all modern amenities.	A beautiful one-bedroom, newly renovated 40 m² flat in Paris's 18th arrondissement, just a short walk from the famous Montmartre area. 30-second walk from Metro station. Loads of shops, bars restaurants etc nearby. Can sleep up to 4 people. Available Flat consists of: - Bedroom with futon bed (sleeps 2), hardwood floors, large built-in wardrobe. - Living room with good-sized TV, large comfy sofa that folds out into good quality double bed. - Open plan kitchen with microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, large fridge and espresso maker. - Bathroom with vanity unit, large mirror and brand new walk-in shower.  - Separate toilet. Hardwood floors throughout. Large double-glazed windows in bedroom and living room, letting in plenty of light. This flat has only just finished being refurbished and has been decorated to a high standard with all modern amenities. Entire flat with internet connection (wi-fi) and TV. From the flat you can walk to beautiful Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur in j
32279	"The flat is located in a tiny house over a hidden courtyard in the area of Lamarck-Caulaincourt, area that is also known as the ""Montmartre village"" as it's the part of the Butte where the Montmartrois actually live... Though it's still close to the touristic circuits - only a 5min and pleasant walk to get to the Sacré-Coeur! It's also a very lively neighborhood with lot of bars, bistrots, restaurants and a lovely typical market at the corner during the week ends! I'll be happy to provide a set of nice addresses to inspire you during your stay."	"The flat is located in a tiny house over a hidden courtyard in the area of Lamarck-Caulaincourt, area that is also known as the ""Montmartre village"" as it's the part of the Butte where the Montmartrois actually live... Though it's still close to the touristic circuits - only a 5min and pleasant walk to get to the Sacré-Coeur! It's also a very lively neighborhood with lot of bars, bistrots, restaurants and a lovely typical market at the corner during the week ends! I'll be happy to provide a set of nice addresses to inspire you during your stay. The flat is bathed in light as it has 3 windows in the main room with a peaceful view on the trees in the courtyard, plus another window on the ceiling with the blue (or grey, depending on the season! :) sky as only view. Because it overlooks a courtyard it is very silent (which is quite rare in Paris!). The double bed is located in a cosy mezzanine accessible with a stair. The american kitchen is fully-equipped with a fridge, an oven and 4 hobs"
32280	Just the perfect location in this dynamic Paris area. When you reach level 2 by the old typical staircase, you will discover a very cosy and quiet place to rest from the harassing days at visiting Paris. You will enjoy the nice and sunny leaving-room with the open-kitchen, the bedroom with a large-nearly new- double bed, a large wardrobe and the bathroom equipped with a large shower. The apartment is fully equipped: Wifi, TV, washing machine, micro-wave... Everything you need to enjoy your stay. All food and clothing shopping stores are a stone’s throw from the apartment. From there you can benefit from very dynamic Abbesses area, just at the foot of Montmartre. Metro station: Blanche (ligne 2) / Pigalle (ligne 12 and 2) / Place de Clichy (ligne 13 and 2) I provide bed sheets and bath towels.	Fully renovated 1 year ago, the place is comfortable, quiet and sunny. Full equipped with open-kitchen, all comfort (Large bed). Perfectly located to visit Paris, at the earth of Montmartre, and close to the hot places (Food & Fashion at rue de Levy) Just the perfect location in this dynamic Paris area. When you reach level 2 by the old typical staircase, you will discover a very cosy and quiet place to rest from the harassing days at visiting Paris. You will enjoy the nice and sunny leaving-room with the open-kitchen, the bedroom with a large-nearly new- double bed, a large wardrobe and the bathroom equipped with a large shower. The apartment is fully equipped: Wifi, TV, washing machine, micro-wave... Everything you need to enjoy your stay. All food and clothing shopping stores are a stone’s throw from the apartment. From there you can benefit from very dynamic Abbesses area, just at the foot of Montmartre. Metro station: Blanche (ligne 2) / Pigalle (ligne 12 and 2) / Place de Clichy 
32281		20 square maters, clean an Micro-waves,  Unlimited Wifi,  Clean sheet, I just changed the bed for a new one really confortable. The studio is at 2 min walk from the subway,  10 min to Montmartre  15 min to Rivoli, Le Louvre, Hypercentre.
32282		Charming 382 sqf (35 m2) apartment in the heart of Montmartre. Well equiped, clean and nicely decorated, situated in the absolute best place in Paris and a five minutes walk away from the Sacré Coeur
32283	The place is a new 40m2 with a bedroom, bathroom, big living room with open kitchen. It's really quiet cause it's on a garden.	The place is a new 40m2 with a bedoom, bathroom and un big living room and open kitchen. It's really quiet because it's on a calm garden. Once outdoor, it's located in a very animated neighbourgh and 2 steps to the Montmartre touristy and hype area. The place is a new 40m2 with a bedroom, bathroom, big living room with open kitchen. It's really quiet cause it's on a garden. You can have acces to the entire appartment. I can communicate with what's app whenever you need. Once outdoor, it's located in a very animated neighbourgh and 2 steps to the Montmartre touristy and trendy area while you cross the street. 2 steps from the appartment you'll find Metro  :  Line 4 and line 12 which are crossing the entire city. from north to south. Buses also at the door step  (80 to go to Tour eiffel / Champs Elysée / or Grands Magasins - 31 to go to Arc de Triomphe)  And it's also close to Gare du Nord - To take the train or go to Airport Charles de Gaulle. I'd like the guest to be very respectful wi
32284	Situé au 3e étage d'un immeuble typique, l'appartement est calme et parfaitement agencé, idéal pour un séjour au coeur de Montmartre. Plusieurs commerces, cafés, boulangeries, restaurants et boutiques sont au pied de l'appartement ! 	Charmant petit 2 pièces niché au pied du Sacré Cœur, dans une rue calme et idéale pour découvrir Montmartre. Parfait pour un couple ou une petite famille le temps d'un week-end parisien !          Situé au 3e étage d'un immeuble typique, l'appartement est calme et parfaitement agencé, idéal pour un séjour au coeur de Montmartre. Plusieurs commerces, cafés, boulangeries, restaurants et boutiques sont au pied de l'appartement !  L'appartement est équipé d'une TV.  Il est composé d'une petite cuisine, un salon et une jolie chambre.  Vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un excellent séjour :  - 1 chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis),   - 1 salon avec un canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires  - 1 salle de bain (serviettes fournies) avec porte-serviettes chauffant et sèche-cheveux  - 1 cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, plaques à induction, cafetière, bouilloire, micro-ondes, fournitures (casseroles, poêles, torchons, liquide vaisselle, etc.) et 
32285	Wooden floor boards in most rooms, mouldings, fire places in the lounge and in the bedroom, terracotta floor tiles in the kitchen. Convertible sofa bed for two in the lounge and bunk beds in the bedroom (wallbeds : very convenient during the daytime).  Bathroom with a bathtub and washbasin, fully equipped kitchen in which you can have your meals in a nice quiet and bright atmosphere. 	"Lovely furnished two room apartment located in Montmartre, two minutes from ""Moulin Rouge"", ten minutes from Sacré Coeur and Place du Tertre, close to Pigalle and Abbesses area.  Close to all amenities. Ideal for family of 4. Wooden floor boards in most rooms, mouldings, fire places in the lounge and in the bedroom, terracotta floor tiles in the kitchen. Convertible sofa bed for two in the lounge and bunk beds in the bedroom (wallbeds : very convenient during the daytime).  Bathroom with a bathtub and washbasin, fully equipped kitchen in which you can have your meals in a nice quiet and bright atmosphere. Lovely furnished two room apartment located in Montmartre, two minutes from ""Moulin Rouge"", ten minutes from Sacré Coeur and Place du Tertre, close to Pigalle and Abbesses area.  Close to all amenities. Ideal for a family of four.  You will feel at home in this convenient and cosy parisian apartment located in a very touristic area, close to all shops and transports.  Loads of bars an"
32286	Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or between friends. Welcome ☺	Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or single. Welcome :) Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or between friends. Welcome ☺ - At 5 min on foot of the subway (l2, l12) - At 10 min of Montmartre / Gare du Nord  - At 15min of Châtelet - Bus station at the bottom of the flat (l35, l65) - At 25min of Austerlitz Rail station - At 40 min of Charles de Gaule Airport - At 45 min of Orly Airport line 2 and line 12
32287		Perfect location at the heart of Montmartre ! Big kitchen modern and equiped (dishwasher etc.). Big bathroom (with bubble bath & shower). Bedroom overlooking a garden (trees, greens & birds in Paris !!!). This flat is perfect for 4 > one bedroom and one 2-person sleeping couch Subway lines 2, 4 and 12 close by + many bus stations
32288	Our apartment is located at Lamarck-Caulaincourt, a lively neighbourhood with the atmosphere of a village, where you will find everything on your doorstep (including metro and bus to reach the rest of Paris). It is not too touristy so you get a peak into real Parisian life and are able to interact with locals. On the other hand, the more touristy but equally charming  Sacré Coeur, Place de Tertre and Abbesses (shopping) area are a very short walk away.	Charming apt on the Montmartre hill, a stone's throw from the vineyard, a 5min walk to the Sacré Coeur basilica, 1min to bus&metro (Lamarck-C). Wine shops, boulangeries, cafés, locals.. all on your doorstep. Ideal for a single, 2 couples or a family. Our apartment is located at Lamarck-Caulaincourt, a lively neighbourhood with the atmosphere of a village, where you will find everything on your doorstep (including metro and bus to reach the rest of Paris). It is not too touristy so you get a peak into real Parisian life and are able to interact with locals. On the other hand, the more touristy but equally charming  Sacré Coeur, Place de Tertre and Abbesses (shopping) area are a very short walk away. No luxury but cosiness and authenticity and a great vibe! We won't be around but feel free to call us if you have any questions! What's not to like;)? It's like a little village. Everything on your doorstep. Metro 12: Lamarck-Caulaincourt Bus 80: Lamarck-Caulaincourt Montmartrobus: Lamarck-C
32289	Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, les WC sont séparés et d'une grande cuisine équipée d'un four, de plaques de cuisson, d'un grand frigo, d'une machine à laver et d'une autre à expresso! Dans le salon le canapé se transforme en un vrai lit et la grande chambre vient à sa suite en enfilade.  	Ancien appartement parisien de 40m2 avec parquet, moulures et cheminées dans le salon et la chambre. Spacieux, belle hauteur sous plafond il est agréable, vous vous y sentirez bien. Donnant sur une cours il est à l'abris des bruits de la rue.  Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, les WC sont séparés et d'une grande cuisine équipée d'un four, de plaques de cuisson, d'un grand frigo, d'une machine à laver et d'une autre à expresso! Dans le salon le canapé se transforme en un vrai lit et la grande chambre vient à sa suite en enfilade.  P L'appartement est idéalement situé, dans un cadre très commerçant, de nombreux délicieux restaurants, boulangeries, un caviste passionné et de multiples bars et terrasse idéals pour siroter un diabolo fraise en profitant du soleil et de cette ambiance toute particulière du 18ème arronissement. L'appartement est à deux minutes d'une bouche de métro, à cinq du marché historique des halles de Jules Joffrin. Il vous prends l'envie 
32290	L'appartement à beaucoup de charme,ses différentes vues sur le Sacre Cœur,les toits de Paris,la Tour Eiffel illuminée le soir sont différents moments bien agréables.	Montmartre,face Sacre Cœur,superbes vues. 40m,pour 2 ou 4 pers Salon(canapé lit),chambre,cuisine américaine équipée,salle de bain (douche)wc sépare. 4ème étage ascenseur,lumineux,calme,parquet. Bel immeuble,superbe emplacement Près transports L'appartement à beaucoup de charme,ses différentes vues sur le Sacre Cœur,les toits de Paris,la Tour Eiffel illuminée le soir sont différents moments bien agréables.
32291	The apartment is on the first floor, very quiet yet very easy to reach and very bright. It has 1 room with one bed plus a separated sofabed (for 1/2 persons or children).	Parisian apartment, 35m²/380ft², very bright, 1 bedroom, 1 comfortable living room with a sofabed (2/4 people) in the heart of a very friendly neighborhood. 5 minutes walk from Montmartre and 2 minutes from the metro Barbès or Château Rouge. The apartment is on the first floor, very quiet yet very easy to reach and very bright. It has 1 room with one bed plus a separated sofabed (for 1/2 persons or children). Proximity to Montmartre and Pigalle Sacre Coeur > 5 minutes walking Halle Saint Pierre > 5 minutes walking Flea market > 10 minutes by metro line 4 City Center > 10 minutes by metro line 4 African market Marx Dormoy Market Hall The Luxor Theater Gare du Nord is about 15 mins away (walking), it connects directly to Orly Airport. Lines 2 and 4 are very close, you can easily reach every turistic spot from here.
32292	The apartment is in Paris 18th district. It is perfectly situated and in a very up and coming neighborhood. 5 minutes walking distance from Montmartre. 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur. 10 minutes walk from Pigalle. 15 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (2 metro stops). 25 minutes drive from Charles de Gaulle Airport. I will leave a sheet on the table with restaurant recommendations. There are some amazing ones in this area. Some of Paris' finest I would say. The apartment's newly renovated. It features - A bedroom with a kingsize bed - A living room with a (high-classy and comfy) transformable couch. Also kingsize that is - towels  - sheets  - high speed internet (Fibre optic)  - Projector for home cinema vibes - Cable TV (with language options), games etc - 2 HiFi systems - books  - washing machine  - dryer  - oven  - microwave  - refrigerator, freezer  - all utensils to cook Enjoy the capital of Love!	The apartment is in Paris 18th district. It is perfectly situated and in a very up and coming neighborhood. 5 minutes walking distance from Montmartre. 10 minutes walk from the Sacre Coeur. 10 minutes walk from Pigalle. 15 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (2 metro stops). 25 minutes drive from Charles de Gaulle Airport. I will leave a sheet on the table with restaurant recommendations. There are some amazing ones in this area. Some of Paris' finest I would say. The apartment's newly renovated. It features - A bedroom with a kingsize bed - A living room with a (high-classy and comfy) transformable couch. Also kingsize that is - towels  - sheets  - high speed internet (Fibre optic)  - Projector for home cinema vibes - Cable TV (with language options), games etc - 2 HiFi systems - books  - washing machine  - dryer  - oven  - microwave  - refrigerator, freezer  - all utensils to cook Enjoy the capital of Love! Au pied de Montmartre, l’appartement est idéalement situé dans le quartier vivant 
32293	FLAT RENOVATED ON MAY 2014: completely repainted, with new furniture and new household equipment. This beautiful 366 sq.ft (34 sq.m) apartment has two rooms and a bathroom with toilet.  Master bedroom with double queen-size bed (160 x 200 cm), luxury bedding, bedside tables. Wardrobe. Lively living room, table with glass tabletop and four chairs. A comfortable sofa turns into an additional two-person bed if needed. Closet, coffee table, television with a large choice of channels in multiple languages, and video games. Kitchen included in the living-room is equipped with a micro-wave oven, a fridge, closets. Cutlery, knives, mugs, pans, and pots provided. Bathroom with bathtub. Mirror, sink, toilet, first aid kit. Special space for your luggage. Wi-Fi high-speed internet. 	This 366 sq. ft 2-room flat, renovated in May 2014, is on the basement of a calm courtyard garden and can host 4. Bedroom, living-room with kitchen, bathroom with toilet. Northern Paris.       FLAT RENOVATED ON MAY 2014: completely repainted, with new furniture and new household equipment. This beautiful 366 sq.ft (34 sq.m) apartment has two rooms and a bathroom with toilet.  Master bedroom with double queen-size bed (160 x 200 cm), luxury bedding, bedside tables. Wardrobe. Lively living room, table with glass tabletop and four chairs. A comfortable sofa turns into an additional two-person bed if needed. Closet, coffee table, television with a large choice of channels in multiple languages, and video games. Kitchen included in the living-room is equipped with a micro-wave oven, a fridge, closets. Cutlery, knives, mugs, pans, and pots provided. Bathroom with bathtub. Mirror, sink, toilet, first aid kit. Special space for your luggage. Wi-Fi high-speed internet. You will have the exclusi
32294	Très beau studio au cœur de Montmartre, pratique et fonctionnel. A quelques minutes à pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur et à 100 mètres du métro (ligne desservant les lieux les plus attractifs de la capitale). Réservation de deux nuits minimum. Concernant les week-ends, les réservations se feront uniquement du vendredi au dimanche (2 nuits) ou du vendredi au lundi (3nuits). Possibilité d'accueil de 2 personnes. Canapé lit très confortable, linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Jolie petite kitchenette avec tout le nécessaire vaisselle.	Très beau studio au cœur de Montmartre, pratique et fonctionnel. A quelques minutes à pied de la Basilique du Sacré-Coeur et à 100 mètres du métro (ligne desservant les lieux les plus attractifs de la capitale). Réservation de deux nuits minimum. Concernant les week-ends, les réservations se feront uniquement du vendredi au dimanche (2 nuits) ou du vendredi au lundi (3nuits). Possibilité d'accueil de 2 personnes. Canapé lit très confortable, linge de lit et de toilette fourni. Jolie petite kitchenette avec tout le nécessaire vaisselle. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement dans son ensemble (mobilier, vaisselle, télévision, internet, musique).  L'appartement est non fumeur. Quartier Montmartre, un des plus beaux et des plus visités de Paris.  A ne pas manquer : Basilique du Sacré Cœur, la rue des Abesses, le Moulin Rouge, le Moulin de la Galette, la maison de Dalida... Appartement à 100m mètres du métro Concernant les mois de juillet et août 2015, les réservations se feront pour 6
32295	A calm oasis to return to after a long day of exploring Paris, Serene Caulaincourt is a unique apartment offering modern comfort with classic touches. What really makes this apartment stand out is its access. As the building is built into one of the Montmartre hillsides the apartment is located both at a courtyard and 3rd floor level. You'll not have to worry about stairs to get into the flat as you enter at street level. For those who are not keen on being on the ground floor, no need to worry as the only room located at the ground level is the kitchen! The remainder of the apartment is at the same level as a 3rd floor building - you need only to peak out the living room and bedroom windows to see what I mean. There is a wonderful spacious feel to this apartment with just the right amount of antique furnishing and not a lot of clutter. Adorning the walls throughout the flat are original works of art from the owner herself, who you may say was inspired by the artistic air of Montmartre	Tranquility in Montmartre! This 1-bedroom flat located in Montmartre sleeps up to 4 and is tastefully decorated. Fully-equipped, the flat has everything you need and modern amenities for an enjoyable and comfortable stay in Paris. A calm oasis to return to after a long day of exploring Paris, Serene Caulaincourt is a unique apartment offering modern comfort with classic touches. What really makes this apartment stand out is its access. As the building is built into one of the Montmartre hillsides the apartment is located both at a courtyard and 3rd floor level. You'll not have to worry about stairs to get into the flat as you enter at street level. For those who are not keen on being on the ground floor, no need to worry as the only room located at the ground level is the kitchen! The remainder of the apartment is at the same level as a 3rd floor building - you need only to peak out the living room and bedroom windows to see what I mean. There is a wonderful spacious feel to this apart
32296	"Apartment ""furnished 5-star tourist"", 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms 4-5 persons, 125 m2. modern / spacious / chrame. 2 bathrooms. American kitchen .. ""Green"" balcony. very bright. really quiet, pleasant to live! 5 min by car from Highway A1. 15 minutes by walk from Gare du Nord (Thalys/EuroStar). 200 meters from the metro (ligne 12) to Sacré Coeur, Concorde,, Musée d'Orsay, Gare Montparnasse.  Banks, Markets, Super-Markets, Restaurants all around. "	"Apartment ""furnished 5-star tourist"", 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms 4-5 persons, 120 m2, on private courtyard overlooking a church of XV centuries, absolutely calm, modern / spacious / chrame. 2 bathrooms.  Apartment ""furnished 5-star tourist"", 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms 4-5 persons, 125 m2. modern / spacious / chrame. 2 bathrooms. American kitchen .. ""Green"" balcony. very bright. really quiet, pleasant to live! 5 min by car from Highway A1. 15 minutes by walk from Gare du Nord (Thalys/EuroStar). 200 meters from the metro (ligne 12) to Sacré Coeur, Concorde,, Musée d'Orsay, Gare Montparnasse.  Banks, Markets, Super-Markets, Restaurants all around. Metro line 12 Bus 35, 65 Tram 3 We have two bedrooms for 4 adults We also have a bed for a baby, from 3 months to 2 years!"
32297	2 pièces lumineux et équipés, ce studio vous apportera tout le comfort nécessaire pour votre séjour.  	2 pièces douillet et accueillant, typique de Montmartre!  Situé dans un immeuble calme et sûr, vous ne serez qu'à 3 min à pied du Sacrée Coeur.  Transport: métro Abbesse L12 (à 2min), métro Pigalle L2, bus 31, 74, 80, métro blanche ligne 2 2 pièces lumineux et équipés, ce studio vous apportera tout le comfort nécessaire pour votre séjour.  - draps et serviettes inclus - cuisine équipée avec plaques chauffantes, et frigidaire  Présente pour la remise des clés, l'appartement sera ensuite tout à vous.  Appartement situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, celui-ci vous offre l'opportunité de vivre tel un véritable montmartrois.  À proximité de l'appartement vous disposez de nombreux restaurants typiques du quartier ainsi que de bars tendances où toutes les populations se mêlent.  Situé également à deux pas de Pigalle vous pourrez profiter des folles nuit que ce quartier propose.  - appartement situé au 3ème étage  - plusieurs ligne de métro ainsi que de bus sont à proximité  le prix de la locat
32298		Grand studio tout équipé de 43 m2 à 2 min du métro max dormoy  refait à neuf.  Grand salon canapé convertible, cuisine équipée;salle de bain   lave linge,sèche linge et vidéo projecteur internet hauteur débit écran plats.  Très charmant et épuré.
32299		Charming appartment near Montmartre
32300	"Pretty little bright in the Montmartre district. Very quiet and lovely (overlooking a courtyard and roofs) This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine and wardrobe are also available to wash and store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) just in front of the building. There's everything you need in the district : pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till late, just down the apartment. 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord. Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4."	"Pretty little bright in the Montmartre district. Very quiet and lovely (overlooking a courtyard and roofs) This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine and wardrobe are also available to wash and store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) just in front of the building. There's everything you need in the district : pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till late, just down the apartment. 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord. Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4."
32301	Our 90m² apartment has a great view on montmartre and the famous sacré cœur church, It islocated at 5 minutes from the metro station marx dormoy (L12) This apartment totally furnished is large and great for a family with children and friend holiday and can host up to 8 people. we can add mattresses for 30 euros per person.  It has one double bedroom and two children rooms , 1 bathroom, a fold out sofa bed,a dinning  area, a fully equipped kitchen and free wifi. It is very well equipped with every thing you need.  There are many buses that can take you anywhere you need to go.  The apartment is located in the 7th floor with lift and consists of:  - A living room (25 m²) with a fold out Sofa bed,dining table, open space kitchen - 3 Sunny bedrooms : • Master bed room with double bed • 2 children rooms with single bunk bed in each room - A fully equipped kitchen : A dishwasher,oven, kettle, microwave, fridge, and washing machine.  - Beside this, there is also a vacuum cleaner, iron and iro	Our 90m² apartment has a great view on montmartre and the famous sacré cœur church, It is located at 5 minutes from the metro station marx dormoy (L12). This apartment totally furnished is large and great for a family with children and friend holiday Our 90m² apartment has a great view on montmartre and the famous sacré cœur church, It islocated at 5 minutes from the metro station marx dormoy (L12) This apartment totally furnished is large and great for a family with children and friend holiday and can host up to 8 people. we can add mattresses for 30 euros per person.  It has one double bedroom and two children rooms , 1 bathroom, a fold out sofa bed,a dinning  area, a fully equipped kitchen and free wifi. It is very well equipped with every thing you need.  There are many buses that can take you anywhere you need to go.  The apartment is located in the 7th floor with lift and consists of:  - A living room (25 m²) with a fold out Sofa bed,dining table, open space kitchen - 3 Sunny bed
32302	Located next to Montmarte (10 minutes walk) in a very quiet and safe street, you'll feel at home :-))	Welcome home :-) ! Situated in a quiet street near Montmarte, my flat is 
32303	Extremely well located, in the heart of Montmartre in the hip Rue des Martyrs, between Place des Abbesses and Pigalle, few minutes from the Sacré-Coeur Church. The apartment is very close to the metro station Abbesses and Pigalle. The apartment has everything you need for a wonderful stay in Paris. It is located on the ground floor (1st floor for U.S), opening on the building courtyard, not the street. The size is 42m2 and can accommodate up to 4 people The apartment have one bedroom with a queen size bed and one living room with one sofa bed for 2 more guests is available. A fully equipped open kitchen in the living room, a bar and stools for a drink or dining but also a large dining table is available. The bathroom have a full size bathtub and toilets are separated. We also provide all the sheets, towels, home ware and dinning ware, etc. so you can cook a meal and feel at home. There is also free wireless hi-speed Internet and Cable TV. Sleeping :Max 4 people. This apartment is perfe	Extremely well located, in the heart of Montmartre in the hip Rue des Martyrs, between Place des Abbesses and Pigalle, few minutes from the Sacré-Coeur Church. The apartment is very close to the metro station Abbesses and Pigalle. The apartment has everything you need for a wonderful stay in Paris. It is located on the ground floor (1st floor for U.S), opening on the building courtyard, not the street. The size is 42m2 and can accommodate up to 4 people The apartment have one bedroom with a queen size bed and one living room with one sofa bed for 2 more guests is available. A fully equipped open kitchen in the living room, a bar and stools for a drink or dining but also a large dining table is available. The bathroom have a full size bathtub and toilets are separated. We also provide all the sheets, towels, home ware and dinning ware, etc. so you can cook a meal and feel at home. There is also free wireless hi-speed Internet and Cable TV. Sleeping :Max 4 people. This apartment is perfe
32304	The light, the terrasse, the silence !	"Modern and cosy 70 square meter with terrace! very bright, beautiful view on Paris'roof... 2 bedrooms, double size beds. One single bed in the living room. fitted kitchen with dish-washer and washing machine, bathroom, wc. 2 flat tv screens. The light, the terrasse, the silence ! "" Touristic neighborhood, all kinds of restaurants, and great nightlife. The french movie ""Amelie"" was shot in this neighborhood. Subway station ""Abbesses"" or ""Pigalle"" (2 minutes walk) will take you all around Paris (Direct to the Champs-Elysees).  The Sacre-Coeur is right in front, the ""place du tertre"" and its painters,  the ""Moulin Rouge"" Cabaret and several night clubs at just a few minutes.  The best area if you want to discover the typical Paris  540 Sqfeet, sleeps 4 (2 in bedroom, + 2 on sofa bed) One bedroom apartment with large living space, is located on the 2rd floor walk-up of a 19th century building of 3 floors;  Sleeping : - A double bed in the bedroom :  - A double convertible couch in the livi"
32305	Charming studio of 28m2 for 2 persons in a beautiful quiet building. ******************************************************* At the heart of Montmartre, with numerous convenience stores (bakeries, caterers, supermarket, scoop...), cinémas, concert halls, museums, restaurants, cafés... ******************************************************* * 1 kitchen (with table where we can eat) with oven, microwave oven, washing machine, refrigirator, Nespresso machine... * 1 small bathroom with shower and toilet * 1 main room (lounge/bedroom) with bed for 2 persons, TV, internet ******************************************************* The linen is supplied (sheets, towels, cloths)	Charming studio of 28m2 for 2 persons in a beautiful quiet building. ******************************************************* At the heart of Montmartre, with numerous convenience stores (bakeries, caterers, supermarket, scoop...), cinémas, concert halls, museums, restaurants, cafés... ******************************************************* * 1 kitchen (with table where we can eat) with oven, microwave oven, washing machine, refrigirator, Nespresso machine... * 1 small bathroom with shower and toilet * 1 main room (lounge/bedroom) with bed for 2 persons, TV, internet ******************************************************* The linen is supplied (sheets, towels, cloths) Métro Line 12 / station Lamarck-caulaincourt Bus Line 80 / stop : Caulaincourt - Sacré Coeur
32306	En plein cœur du Montmartre historique, studio refait à neuf. 1er étage donnant sur rue calme.  Cuisine ouverte toute équipée (frigo, congélateur, micro-ondes, four et plaques induction) avec bar.  Séjour/chambre avec canapé/lit 2places, TV, Internet/wi-fi (codes wi-fi). Salle de bain/WC Proche commodités et commerces (notamment rue des Abbesses) 	Studio calme et confortable dans une rue typique de Montmartre, idéalement situé entre la place des Abbesses et le Sacré Cœur. Comfortable studio in a typical Montmartre street, ideally located between Place des Abbesses and the Sacré Cœur. En plein cœur du Montmartre historique, studio refait à neuf. 1er étage donnant sur rue calme.  Cuisine ouverte toute équipée (frigo, congélateur, micro-ondes, four et plaques induction) avec bar.  Séjour/chambre avec canapé/lit 2places, TV, Internet/wi-fi (codes wi-fi). Salle de bain/WC Proche commodités et commerces (notamment rue des Abbesses) Idéalement placé entre le Sacré Cœur et la place des Abbesses, quartier touristique et animé. Nombreuses animations durant l'année (fête des vendanges, marché de Noël, fête de Montmartre, marché des Abbesses,etc.) A 5minutes à pied du Moulin Rouge et place Pigalle. Métro 12 Station Abbesses Métro 2 Station Pigalle 
32307	3 fenêtres sur 25 m2. Calme d'une impasse	situé près de 3 stations de métro (5mn) ligne 12/4/13 et d'un station vélib (1mn) ce charmant studio entièrement rénové et meublé vous offre le confort d'un vrai lit et d'une clarté exceptionnelle avec ses 3  fenêtres donnant sur une impasse boisée. 3 fenêtres sur 25 m2. Calme d'une impasse accès au lave linge sèche linge. non présent dans le logement je peux être là pour vous accueillir la recycleriez vient d'ouvrir ses portes. Elle vient d'investir l'ancienne gare de la porte de clignancourt. La rue du poteau et la place julles joffrin font partie d'un des quartiers les plus prisés de Paris. le bus 95 est en bas de l'appartement et vous emmène directement à Opéra.  les lignes 12 (jules joffrin), 4 (porte de clignancourt) et 13 (porte de saint ouen) sont à 5mn à pied. un canapé convertible 2 places est à votre disposition.
32308	Just 100 meters to Sacré Coeur church. Amazing view from the bedroom. Close from underground. Clean shower, kitchen with bar, and a master bedroom with an amazing view on Sacré Coeur. 	       Let me present you my cocoon. It's very characteristic old parisian apartment with an amazing view on Sacré Coeur church.  You'll be based in the most 
32309	The apartment is ideal for 2 people with a kid, but is able to welcome 4 adults. It is full of light and very quiet, providing a hint of the parisian roofs. There is all you need within few meters walk. Supermarkets, restaurants, little bars with terrasse, and so on. There is a bedroom with a double bed, and there is a very comfy coach which becomes a bed for 2 people.	Nice and cosy appartment, ideal for travellers willing to discover the hipster and more traditional parisian way of life. The appartment is 10min walk from the magic area of Montmartre, and 10 min by metro from the hipster area of Canal St Martin The apartment is ideal for 2 people with a kid, but is able to welcome 4 adults. It is full of light and very quiet, providing a hint of the parisian roofs. There is all you need within few meters walk. Supermarkets, restaurants, little bars with terrasse, and so on. There is a bedroom with a double bed, and there is a very comfy coach which becomes a bed for 2 people. I rent the entire appartment, so that you feel at home, and hope you will respect the place as it were yours. I live 15min away from the apartment when you rent it, so I usually make my best to be available if needed. It will be a pleasure to give you some good spots and advice so that you make the area yours easily. The area is dynamic and young. The building is in a very quiet
32310		This sweet apartment is romantically located at the base of the Sacre Coeur.  Feel like a true Parisian, as you sit on the balcony sipping champagne, and taking in the million dollar view.
32311	Avec sa vue sur le ciel et les toits ce petit appartement symbolise le Paris éternel, celui des amoureux ! 	Deux pièces lumineux 31 m2, très calme en dernier étage. Compact living très confortable. Derrière la butte Montmartre avec aperçu sur le Sacré-Coeur. Quartier vivant et commerçant. Deux stations de métro et nombreux bus. Wifi/TV/Lave-vaisselle Avec sa vue sur le ciel et les toits ce petit appartement symbolise le Paris éternel, celui des amoureux ! Appartement complètement indépendant Je vous reçois si possible et vous indique les bonnes adresses du coin et  d'ailleurs dans Paris ! Situé dans le quartier de la mairie du XVIII ème arrondissement, un quartier authentique aux multiples commerces de bouche : poissonneries, boucheries, charcuteries, boulangeries... En quinze minutes vous êtes au centre de Paris ou au quartier latin grâce à la ligne 4 ou à Pigalle ou la Concorde grâce à la ligne 12. Le bus 80 vous amène aux Champs-Elysées et rive gauche, le bus 31 à la place de l'Etoile, le bus 85 au jardin du Luxembourg, le bus 60 aux Buttes Chaumont et le petit bus électrique sur la butte
32312		Bonjour,  Mon appartement est situé au Nord de Paris, très accessible par les transports en communs. C'est un petit immeuble très familial, les voisins sont adorables, et nous partageons un petit jardin en commun : idéal pour découvrir Paris l'été !
32313	Located in the heart of Montmartre, the apartment is a haven of peace. From the bedroom and living room, you will enjoy a view composed of a magnificent tree in a garden. The neighborhood is very friendly and very quiet. Beautifully decorated , functional and very clean, I propose a very bright housing. I hope you appreciate the charm of this apartment typically Montmartre !	Located in the heart of Montmartre, the apartment is a haven of peace. From the bedroom and living room, you will enjoy a view composed of a magnificent tree in a garden. The neighborhood is very friendly and very quiet. Beautifully decorated , functional and very clean, I propose a very bright housing. I hope you appreciate the charm of this apartment typically Montmartre ! You will find all the necessary linens and cleaning products and basic ( soap, shampoo ... ) for your comfort. In the library, books, CDs and DVDs await you if you want to laze between visits ... I have good addresses to advise you to go out to dinner, have a drink or brunch ! I am available to answer your questions and tell you about my favorite places, I love my neighborhood ! I remain contactable during your stay. The location of the apartment you can visit the famous sites and monuments of Montmartre but especially to discover our charming neighborhood life. Indeed, you will not be bothered by the crowd or by t
32314		Bonjour, Je sous loue mon appartement tout l'été car je pars aux Etats-Unis. Il fait 30m2 et se situe dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. Il est très bien, seule la salle de bain est très petite. Pour une longue période le tarif est négociable.
32315	My flat : Ground floor, easy access, and access to the garden. You can check in as late as you need, no problem :-) Check in : after 2 pm Check out : before 10 am It is located in the most beautiful street of Montmartre, in front of Tzara's house, 2 minutes from Sacré Coeur and its beautiful views on Paris, and 5 minutes from metro Lamarck. There are lots of nice stores around, groceries, bakeries, bars and restaurants. See the guidebook where I listed my favourite stores and spots around the apt. There is 1 kingsize bed in the bed room and 1 single bed in the living room. (+ trundle bed, suitable for a kid) I provide sheets and towels if necessary. The apt is very clean, and tidy, and is  recently renovated. You'll have all facilities a microwave a washing machine, dish washer, internet wi fi, hi fi, (the piano has been removed by the way). The kitchen is fully equipped. You have access to a private backyard with wood table and armchairs, if the weather is nice, you can have your brea	You will feel at home right away in this very clean and cosy apartment fully equiped. The location is absolutely lovely and you'll find great restaurants, cafés, bakeries, and nice stores. Very quiet and safe location. 3 min from Sacré Coeur. My flat : Ground floor, easy access, and access to the garden. You can check in as late as you need, no problem :-) Check in : after 2 pm Check out : before 10 am It is located in the most beautiful street of Montmartre, in front of Tzara's house, 2 minutes from Sacré Coeur and its beautiful views on Paris, and 5 minutes from metro Lamarck. There are lots of nice stores around, groceries, bakeries, bars and restaurants. See the guidebook where I listed my favourite stores and spots around the apt. There is 1 kingsize bed in the bed room and 1 single bed in the living room. (+ trundle bed, suitable for a kid) I provide sheets and towels if necessary. The apt is very clean, and tidy, and is  recently renovated. You'll have all facilities a microwave
32316	Bienvenu dans mon bel appartement fonctionnel de 21m2  Il se trouve au 4eme étage d'un immeuble parisien avec digicodes. L'appartement est calme, lumineux et agréable.  Il y a une petite chambre séparée du salon par deux jolis rideaux avec un lit double et une armoire, un salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, ( machine à laver, cafetière Nespresso…) et une salle d'eau séparée avec baignoire et un toilette.  Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes grâce au canapé-lit présent dans le salon mais idéal pour deux personnes.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir bientôt !	Bienvenu dans mon bel appartement fonctionnel de 21m2 situé à 500 mètre du Sacré Coeur.  L'appartement est calme, lumineux et agréable. En couple ou entre amis vous serez enchantés. Bienvenu dans mon bel appartement fonctionnel de 21m2  Il se trouve au 4eme étage d'un immeuble parisien avec digicodes. L'appartement est calme, lumineux et agréable.  Il y a une petite chambre séparée du salon par deux jolis rideaux avec un lit double et une armoire, un salon avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, ( machine à laver, cafetière Nespresso…) et une salle d'eau séparée avec baignoire et un toilette.  Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes grâce au canapé-lit présent dans le salon mais idéal pour deux personnes.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir bientôt ! vous avez accès au logement entier. Je vous donnerai des conseils avec plaisirs . Je serais joignable à tout moment pour toute demande d'informations concernant le logement, les bonnes adresses pour se balader, aller diner, danser.. Le qua
32317		Au fond d'une cour pavée, ensoleillée et calme, profitez d'un loft totalement équipé à 2 pas de Montmartre. Un studio atypique, entouré de nombreux restaurant, bars, supermarché et juste à côté du métro.
32318		Situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, ce ravissant ..... sur cour clair, calme. Sans vis à vis. Cuisine tout équipée. a deux minutes du metro (12, lamarck) et (13, place de Clichy). Rue calme et familiale, nombreux commerces et restaurants.
32319		Un logement simple et clair, donnant sur la petite ceinture, quartier en pleine évolution (Bars sympas). Proche Montmartre (20 min à pieds). à 20 minutes du centre en métro (ligne 4). No wifi, two beds. Please smoke at the window!
32320	Charming architect house on 3 floors in the courtyard of a building located in the heart of Montmartre close to Le Sacré Coeur and le Moulin Rouge. Ideal for a couple and their child. Free wifi, large kitchen and design furniture. Architect-designed house of 70m ² fully renovated in 2013 in a small furnished shared courtyard, very nice to have breakfast ... Consisting of a large open living room with kitchen and dining room, of 2 bedrooms: one for parents with walk-in shower and one for a baby or child with 1 baby bed (one travel baby bed also available), a little sofa bed for 2 young kids, and a bathroom with bathtub. All equipment to accommodate a baby are present: bottle warmer, playpen, high chair, changing table, shower accessories... Ideal for a couple with or without children. Wifi available, ideal for unforgettable holidays in Paris with family. Capacity: 1 couple with 2 children. 	Charming architect house on 3 floors in the courtyard of a building located in the heart of Montmartre close to Le Sacré Coeur and le Moulin Rouge. Ideal for a couple and their child. Free wifi, large kitchen and design furniture. Charming architect house on 3 floors in the courtyard of a building located in the heart of Montmartre close to Le Sacré Coeur and le Moulin Rouge. Ideal for a couple and their child. Free wifi, large kitchen and design furniture. Architect-designed house of 70m ² fully renovated in 2013 in a small furnished shared courtyard, very nice to have breakfast ... Consisting of a large open living room with kitchen and dining room, of 2 bedrooms: one for parents with walk-in shower and one for a baby or child with 1 baby bed (one travel baby bed also available), a little sofa bed for 2 young kids, and a bathroom with bathtub. All equipment to accommodate a baby are present: bottle warmer, playpen, high chair, changing table, shower accessories... Ideal for a couple 
32321		Nice and clear fully equipped typical Parisian appartement, 5 minutes walk from Montmartre. Very well served by metro and bus lines, it has a balcony with a view. Located in a busy neighborhood with many excellent restaurants and grocery stores. 5th floor without elevator double sofa-bed in the living room
32322	Je propose une belle chambre spacieuse avec un lit double, une salle de bain de charme attenante et une porte d'entrée indépendante. Cette chambre a une vue sur le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre.  La chambre fait partie d'un duplex situé dans le quartier très prisé des Abbesses, à mi hauteur sur la butte Montmartre. Le duplex possède une vue exceptionnelle sur tout Paris. Une terrasse où l'on peut prendre un café, selon les disponibilités du propriétaire, permettra de profiter de la vue qui s'étend du Sacré Coeur à l'est jusqu'à la Défense à l'ouest.  Le quartier est connu pour son charme bohème, ses nombreux cafés, ses escaliers, ses rues en pavé et ses ateliers d'artistes.  Le Sacré Coeur et la place du Tertre, Pigalle et le Moulin Rouge sont à 5 minutes à pied. Le métro 'Les Abbesses' est situé à deux pas de l'appartement et conduit en 15 minutes jusqu'au centre de Paris. Je privilégie des séjours de moyenne durée (2/3 jours minimum).	Je propose une belle chambre spacieuse avec un lit double, une salle de bain de charme attenante et une porte d'entrée indépendante. Cette chambre a une vue sur le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre.  La chambre fait partie d'un duplex situé dans le quartier très prisé des Abbesses, à mi hauteur sur la butte Montmartre. Le duplex possède une vue exceptionnelle sur tout Paris. Une terrasse où l'on peut prendre un café, selon les disponibilités du propriétaire, permettra de profiter de la vue qui s'étend du Sacré Coeur à l'est jusqu'à la Défense à l'ouest.  Le quartier est connu pour son charme bohème, ses nombreux cafés, ses escaliers, ses rues en pavé et ses ateliers d'artistes.  Le Sacré Coeur et la place du Tertre, Pigalle et le Moulin Rouge sont à 5 minutes à pied. Le métro 'Les Abbesses' est situé à deux pas de l'appartement et conduit en 15 minutes jusqu'au centre de Paris. Je privilégie des séjours de moyenne durée (2/3 jours minimum). L'appartement est situé près du métro Abbesses sur la
32323		Charmant studio dans le 18 eme arrondissement sur les toits de Paris au pied de la butte Montmartre. Appartement sur cour au calme, au dernier étage. Cuisine séparée (four, micro ondes, plaques), Salle de bain séparée avec douche et WC séparé.
32324	Situé en plein cœur de Montmartre dans le quartier de Pigalle, à quelques mètres du Moulin Rouge, et de la célèbre rue Lepic d’Amélie Poulain, au pied du cabaret du Chat Noir et des Trois Baudets, l’immeuble typiquement haussmannien, abritait autrefois le Café du Tambourin où Vincent Van Gogh exposa ses toiles en 1887.	Charmant petit studio avec vue imprenable sur les toits de paris et la tour Eiffel, situé en plein coeur de Montmartre et du quartier Pigalle au 6eme étage sans ascenseur, 14m2 pour profiter pleinement de paris à deux. Proche métro et tous commerces Situé en plein cœur de Montmartre dans le quartier de Pigalle, à quelques mètres du Moulin Rouge, et de la célèbre rue Lepic d’Amélie Poulain, au pied du cabaret du Chat Noir et des Trois Baudets, l’immeuble typiquement haussmannien, abritait autrefois le Café du Tambourin où Vincent Van Gogh exposa ses toiles en 1887. Il est équipé  d’une kitchenette avec frigo + bac congélation, plaques vitro céramique, combiné four micro-onde, des rangements, un canapé lit confortable pour 2 personnes,  une cabine de douche. Les toilettes sont sur le palier. Il dispose d’une connexion Internet wifi très haut débit. Des draps, serviettes et ustensiles de cuisine sont à votre disposition. le check-in se fait à partir de 13h et le check-out à au plus tard à
32325	Because it is my flat where I like living and staying when I can, please be drastically respectful like if it was your own home. Be respectful with the neighbor. You are on holiday that very good I'd love too but don't forget not everyone. You can smoke eveywhere, except in the bedroom. If you break, eat something no worries just replace it. 	Bright apartment, calm overlooked the backyard. At few min by feet from Basilic Sacrée Coeur (Montmatre) or Brochant, Batignolle, Place de Clichy.  Nearby all transportation 2-5min (metro, cycle, auto). Nearby all kind of shops, banks, city hall Because it is my flat where I like living and staying when I can, please be drastically respectful like if it was your own home. Be respectful with the neighbor. You are on holiday that very good I'd love too but don't forget not everyone. You can smoke eveywhere, except in the bedroom. If you break, eat something no worries just replace it. The whole flat I am not very often in Paris. But of course I will be glad doing it! Metro, bus, nightbus, Public Cycle and Cars at max 5min from the flat.
32326	Charming apartment with a view towards Sacré-coeur church, in a parisian building of beginning XX th century. Clear and quiet, floor 5, with elevator. Surface 40m2. There are two rooms, a little kitchen, a bathroom with shower. In the bedroom, there is a confortable bed for 2 persons. It is possible for a third to sleep in the living. There is a balcony all along. Linen, sheets and towels are supplied, and basic foodstuffs, tea, coffee, sugar… There is internet. It isn't an impersonal flat, and you will find in it works of art by me or friends of mine. 	Charming apartment with a view towards Sacré-coeur church, in a parisian building of beginning XX th century. Clear and quiet, floor 5, with elevator. Surface 40m2. There are two rooms, a little kitchen, a bathroom with shower. In the bedroom, there is a confortable bed for 2 persons. It is possible for a third to sleep in the living. There is a balcony all along. Linen, sheets and towels are supplied, and basic foodstuffs, tea, coffee, sugar… There is internet. It isn't an impersonal flat, and you will find in it works of art by me or friends of mine. The building looks onto a quiet street and a public garden. The area is full of shopping streets. It's very alive and you can find all necessary close by, food, restaurants...And there are also little shops with african hand-made. Montmartre is  10 minutes walk. For visiting Paris, there are three subway lines 5 m inutes walk, and the urban train (RER) of Gare du Nord. You can join Notre Dame in 10 minutes. The RER of Gare du Nord is dir
32327	This charming studio will be quiet and nice. The 22 square meters studio has become a small house. One enters though the small Terrace. Opening the large bay Windows (2 to 3.5 meters) widens the terrace to the first area of the studio, which is the cooking and eating space.  The studio is located in a village like group of typical Montmartre buildings. It is located at ground level after a few steps down with a little courtyard. It is very calm, no street noise. It offers a real double bed (not a sofa bed), a kitchen and a nicely designed bathroom. It is a very nice place for 2. The next space is the living room area, connected directly to the bedroom space. The double bed can be separated from living room by pulling back curtains. The studio is located in the inner Montmartre: Les abbesses. The trendy part of Montmartre is just down the street: many restaurants, shops and nice café terraces. The ABBESSES subway station is 2 minutes walk. PIGALLES & BLANCHE stations are only 3 minutes 	This charming studio will be quiet and nice. The 22 square meters studio has become a small house. One enters though the small Terrace. Opening the large bay Windows (2 to 3.5 meters) widens the terrace to the first area of the studio, which is the 
32328	Charming dupleix close to butte Montmartre, with a nice open view for a part on the basilique (website hidden)'s on floor 5 and 6 th, sunny, calm with a balcony, fireplace, woord floring,in a traditionnal typicall parisian building. Downstairs you will find the living room with a convertible sofa and the kitchen.  Upstairs there are  three bed rooms. One, quite small but nice and comfortable with a  king sizebed  and a direct access to  the bathroom, A second one with two single beds and a third one with a single bed.  The whole appartment is 70 m2. All comfort : internet, TV, washing machins, shops around the corner and a market. The flat is at the bottom of the Montmartre hill at Jules Joffrin metro. Metro Jules Joffrin (L 12), Simplon ( L 4), bus 80. Several supermarkets and one open market in the close streets. There is no elevator, but steps are very short, we help you for the suitcases and food shoping are delivered for free on place if you want. And besides you will appreciate i	Charming dupleix at the last floor of a traditionnal building, with a broad  view, which can welcome up to 7 persons. I is on the bottom of Montmartres Hill, one of the most turistic place in Paris. Lower price for mid-August. Charming dupleix close to butte Montmartre, with a nice open view for a part on the basilique (website hidden)'s on floor 5 and 6 th, sunny, calm with a balcony, fireplace, woord floring,in a traditionnal typicall parisian building. Downstairs you will find the living room with a convertible sofa and the kitchen.  Upstairs there are  three bed rooms. One, quite small but nice and comfortable with a  king sizebed  and a direct access to  the bathroom, A second one with two single beds and a third one with a single bed.  The whole appartment is 70 m2. All comfort : internet, TV, washing machins, shops around the corner and a market. The flat is at the bottom of the Montmartre hill at Jules Joffrin metro. Metro Jules Joffrin (L 12), Simplon ( L 4), bus 80. Several s
32329	A la fois bien équipé et charmant. Cet appartement sera idéal pour un couple qui souhaite venir le temps d'un séjour à Paris, ou une personne venant pour un séjour professionel. Vous pourrez profiter de sa situation proche du métro (ligne 2 et 12, RER B, ligne 4 et nombreux bus), des commerces, mais aussi de Montmartre, du Canal de l'Ourq.	Appartement refait à neuf, agréable et cosy, idéal pour couple. Balcon. Proche des commerces et du métro. A 5 minutes de Montmartre. Proche Gare du Nord (RER B aéroports Orly et Roissy). Quartier vivant. A deux pas du canal de l'Ourq.  A la fois bien équipé et charmant. Cet appartement sera idéal pour un couple qui souhaite venir le temps d'un séjour à Paris, ou une personne venant pour un séjour professionel. Vous pourrez profiter de sa situation proche du métro (ligne 2 et 12, RER B, ligne 4 et nombreux bus), des commerces, mais aussi de Montmartre, du Canal de l'Ourq. Le métro La Chapelle est à 2 minutes à pieds et communique avec la station Gare du Nord, qui dessert deux aéroports. A pieds, vous serez tout proche de Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) et des canaux parisiens, pour des promenades agréables. En métro, vous serez très vite aux Grands Boulevards (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) ou encore dans le quartier Latin, à Saint Germain des prés. De nombreux bus desservent le quartier et vo
32330	A typical Parisian apartment. Breakfast kit and Nespresso at your disposal. And as I love my Parisian life, I would love to share with you my favorite places and introduce you to the life of the neighborhood	"A small cozy apartment of 38 m2 on the 3rd floor close to Montmartre. The charm of the Parisian apartments : parquet flooring, molding, fireplace. Conveniently arranged with living room, bedroom, kitchen, toilet and bathroom (shower) separated. A typical Parisian apartment. Breakfast kit and Nespresso at your disposal. And as I love my Parisian life, I would love to share with you my favorite places and introduce you to the life of the neighborhood Very easy access from Airport and Main Station : Gare du nord and Gare de l'Est. At the intersection of 2 metro lines and 5 bus lines, you will go anywhere with an excellent network from the Jules Joffrin Square. BY BUS, best way to get around & to see Paris : line 31 direct to Champs Elysées line 85 direct to the Louvre Museum line 60 direct to the Parc ""Buttes Chaumont"" BY SUBWAY: - L4 live 4 in Saint Germain des Pres and Notre Dame Cathedral on the island of the city - L12 line 12 to Place de la Concorde and department stores Galeries Laf"
32331	Logement calme et lumineux en plein cœur de Paris. Idéal pour deux personnes, possible une personne supplémentaire sur un cliclac.	Logement calme et lumineux en plein cœur de Paris. Idéal pour deux personnes, possible une personne supplémentaire sur un cliclac. Machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle. Congélateur, frigo, micro onde, wifi, TV. 3ème voyageur sur un cliclac. Place de Clichy Montmartre  Batignolles Paris XVIII Métro lignes 2 et 13
32332	"Situé dans un beau quartier du 18ème arrondissement, à 10 minutes à pied du Sacré-coeur et de Montmartre, je vous accueille avec plaisir dans mon charmant appartement 2 pièces de 35 m2, très agréable, lumineux et calme.  L'appartement est à seulement une minute de la station de métro ""Jules Joffrin"", ligne 12 qui vous emmène directement au coeur de Montmartre, à Pigalle (en 5 mn), à la Concorde (en 12 mn avec une vue superbe sur les Champs-Elysées). Vous disposez également de nombreux commerces à l'angle de la rue (boulangerie, boucherie, charcuterie, poissonnerie, primeurs, magasins bio, Franprix, Monoprix…), de nombreux bars et restaurants : il y en a pour tous les goûts ! L'appartement est entièrement équipé et meublé. Parquet au sol et moulures au plafond.  Vous n'êtes absolument pas dérangés par le bruit puisque l'appartement donne sur une cour. Calme et sérénité assurés ! Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, celui-ci comprend : - une cuisine avec plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur"	"Situé dans un beau quartier du 18ème arrondissement, à 10 minutes à pied du Sacré-coeur et de Montmartre, je vous accueille avec plaisir dans mon charmant appartement 2 pièces de 35 m2, très agréable, lumineux et calme.  L'appartement est à seulement une minute de la station de métro ""Jules Joffrin"", ligne 12 qui vous emmène directement au coeur de Montmartre, à Pigalle (en 5 mn), à la Concorde (en 12 mn avec une vue superbe sur les Champs-Elysées). Vous disposez également de nombreux commerces à l'angle de la rue (boulangerie, boucherie, charcuterie, poissonnerie, primeurs, magasins bio, Franprix, Monoprix…), de nombreux bars et restaurants : il y en a pour tous les goûts ! L'appartement est entièrement équipé et meublé. Parquet au sol et moulures au plafond.  Vous n'êtes absolument pas dérangés par le bruit puisque l'appartement donne sur une cour. Calme et sérénité assurés ! Situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, celui-ci comprend : - une cuisine avec plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur"
32333		Grand 2 pièces de 60 M2 + balcon,  entièrement équipé, au calme donnant sur jardin arboré. Immeuble moderne et récent avec ascenseur.  Bien desservi en bus + métro,  A proximité de Montmartre, place Clichy. Restaurants,cinéma,commerçants, boutiques.
32334	Appartement typiquement parisien, très charment. Au 7e étage de cet immeuble Art déco vous aurez une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et les alentours.  	Appartement typiquement parisien, très charment. Au 7e étage de cet immeuble Art déco vous aurez une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et les alentours.   Ascenseur  Métro Abbesses ou Blanche lignes 12 et 2
32335		Au dernier étage d'un immeuble très calme. Au pied du quartier cosmopolite de la Goutte d'Or.  A proximité du Sacré Coeur et de la Gare du Nord. L'appartement est idéal pour se reposer et très bien situé pour découvrir tout Paris. Entièrement disponible pour discuter en amont avec les voyageurs
32336		Superbe appartement 3 pièces à Paris-Montmartre, idéalement situé, il vous offre une magnifique vue sur le village Lepic. Les chambres donnent sur un jolie cour arborée complètement au calme. Appartement luxueux!
32337		Very charming 40m2 flat, one bedroom, very sunny and calm. Old and beautiful Parisian building, wooden floor, 6th floor with lift, completely vintage furnished, wifi, TV, washing machine. Metro Julles Joffrin.
32338	Tous commerces à proximité. A two room appartment, clean and renovated. Near the town hall of the district XVIII, at the foot of Montmartre, metro Jules Joffrin. All shops nearby. An entrance, a kitchen, a bedroom with bathroom. Ideal for a couple and a child. Quiet, many food merchants nearby. Coffee & nice restaurants at the bottom of the property	Tous commerces à proximité. A two room appartment, clean and renovated. Near the town hall of the district XVIII, at the foot of Montmartre, metro Jules Joffrin. All shops nearby. An entrance, a kitchen, a bedroom with bathroom. Ideal for a couple and a child. Quiet, many food merchants nearby. Coffee & nice restaurants at the bottom of the property
32339		Au pied de la rue Lamarck qui mène à la basilique du Sacré Coeur, un charmant appartement meublé de 2 pièces refait à neuf, distribué en étoile avec 1 chambre, 1 cuisine totalement équipée séparée et une salle de bains avec baignoire. 
32340	Very charming flat  just by the butte montmartre (metro lamarck- line12 at 5mn walk) in a beautiful 1900's building. At the last level under the roof. Regarding the two rooms, one big for the parents with a bed for 2 and a smaller one for a kid (+ possibility of another couch for second child). Living room with 2 couchs, lot of books,...  Your will also benefit of the television with channels (international channels and canal +) The wifi internet is also at your disposal. American kitchen full equiped; Bathroom with bathtube. Parquet, big velux and view on the sacré coeur..  Elevator, digicode.. And the neighbors are lovely! They're my friends and they'll help if you need.  The kitchen is fully equiped with all you need ( oven, micro- wave, cofee machine and gaz)   Montmartre is at 5 minutes ! we are downstairs, just walk and go to it! Louvre is at 25 minutes The Eiffel tower is at 40 minutes and the place de l'Etoile with the arc de Triomphe at 30 minutes. (there is a direct bus) Metr	Very charming flat  just by the butte montmartre (metro lamarck- line12 at 5mn walk) in a beautiful 1900's building. At the last level under the roof. Regarding the two rooms, one big for the parents with a bed for 2 and a smaller one for a kid (+ possibility of another couch for second child). Living room with 2 couchs, lot of books,...  Your will also benefit of the television with channels (international channels and canal +) The wifi internet is also at your disposal. American kitchen full equiped; Bathroom with bathtube. Parquet, big velux and view on the sacré coeur..  Elevator, digicode.. And the neighbors are lovely! They're my friends and they'll help if you need.  The kitchen is fully equiped with all you need ( oven, micro- wave, cofee machine and gaz)   Montmartre is at 5 minutes ! we are downstairs, just walk and go to it! Louvre is at 25 minutes The Eiffel tower is at 40 minutes and the place de l'Etoile with the arc de Triomphe at 30 minutes. (there is a direct bus) Metr
32341		Bel appartement très lumineux à deux pas du marché aux puces de Saint Ouen et une dizaine de minutes à pied du coeur de Montmartre,  Il se trouve dans une petite cour très calme.  Métro ligne 4 : 2 mins Métro ligne 12 : 5 mins
32342		Cosy, donnant sur une court intérieur arborée. A moins de 10mn du métro Jules Joffrin. Proche de toute commodité.
32343		Spacious room in shared flat. The room has a sofa bed very comfortable and plenty of storage. We also have a balcony. Subway line 13 : Guy Moquet  Subway line 12 : Lamarck Caulaincourt
32344	Studio comfortably furnished and equipped for 1/3 persons or couple with 2 children. The studio is in a typical Montmartre charming in a quiet courtyard, with security code on the front door.  Wonderful location if you want to live just like a Parisian. Ideal for a tourist or professional stay on Paris or for any short-term stays, an exhibition, an internship … Kitchen area was separate and equipped with a window (refrigerator, 2 burners, kitchen sink, cupboards, oven microwaves, coffeepot, kettle, dishes, glasses, flatware, mugs … Numerous arrangements, iron and ironing board, broom, vacuum cleaner Loft bed 2 places + Sofa 2 places: impeccable Bedding Tiled shower-room (shower, TOILETS, washbasin), individual electric Heating, Double glazing TV flat screen (Cable, WIFI) DVD player + some DVD Rue Feutrier, ideally situated just a step from Le Sacré Coeur and from La Butte Montmartre and of Le Marché St Pierre. Lovely neighbourhood, right next to the beautiful gardens of Sacré Coeur in 	Studio comfortably furnished and equipped for 1/3 persons or couple with 2 children. The studio is in a typical Montmartre charming in a quiet courtyard, with security code on the front door.  Wonderful location if you want to live just like a Parisian. Ideal for a tourist or professional stay on Paris or for any short-term stays, an exhibition, an internship … Kitchen area was separate and equipped with a window (refrigerator, 2 burners, kitchen sink, cupboards, oven microwaves, coffeepot, kettle, dishes, glasses, flatware, mugs … Numerous arrangements, iron and ironing board, broom, vacuum cleaner Loft bed 2 places + Sofa 2 places: impeccable Bedding Tiled shower-room (shower, TOILETS, washbasin), individual electric Heating, Double glazing TV flat screen (Cable, WIFI) DVD player + some DVD Rue Feutrier, ideally situated just a step from Le Sacré Coeur and from La Butte Montmartre and of Le Marché St Pierre. Lovely neighbourhood, right next to the beautiful gardens of Sacré Coeur in 
32345		Deux pièces, tout neuf, dans un immeuble calme. Rue animée: commerces et restaurants. Peut accueillir 2 personnes + 1 éventuelle dans le salon. Très bien placé, à 10 minutes de Montmartre, et à 100 m du métro 12 qui dessert toutes les autres lignes.
32346	"Welcome to this very nice 2 rooms and 55 m2 flat, to share with 2 nice cats. It's a very high floor flat with a big balcony (10 m²) and an amazing panoramic view of Paris.  You can see very well and take great pictures of Sacré Coeur of Montmartre and on Tour Eiffel. The flat has a nice big bay window on living room and bedroom, exposure on west side give very beautiful sunset every evening. There is a big living-room (20m²) with two big sofa, and one bedroom with a double bed.   One sofa in the living room is convertible into a confortable big double-bed, and the second sofa could be use as another bed because it's nice flat cushions (even if it's only a simple sofa), so it will be confortable for 4 people, but if you need you can sleep at 5 persons.  There are nice Ikea furnitures, a high speed optic fiber Internet (100 MBs) and WIFI, a 46"" Samsung TV HD 3D screen with cable TV and a very nice Home Cinema Yamaha/Kef. There is a bathroom with shower and balneo bath, and a washing-mach"	Very nice; confortable and quiet flat with very nice view over all Paris on the balcony (tour eiffel, sacré coeur of montmarte etc). Secure place with 24/7 security guards present on site day and night. Welcome to this very nice 2 rooms and 55 m2 flat, to share with 2 nice cats. It's a very high floor flat with a big balcony (10 m²) and an amazing panoramic view of Paris.  You can see very well and take great pictures of Sacré Coeur of Montmartre and on Tour Eiffel. The flat has a nice big bay window on living room and bedroom, exposure on west side give very beautiful sunset every evening. There is a big living-room (20m²) with two big sofa, and one bedroom with a double bed.   One sofa in the living room is convertible into a confortable big double-bed, and the second sofa could be use as another bed because it's nice flat cushions (even if it's only a simple sofa), so it will be confortable for 4 people, but if you need you can sleep at 5 persons.  There are nice Ikea furnitures, a 
32347		this is an old , precious, amazingly cute apartment in mo
32348	Zona ben collegata dai mezzi pubblici, abbastanza centrale e ricca di pub e ristoranti. Il quartiere Montmartre e la chiesa Sacro Cuore distano all'incirca 10 min a piedi	Appartamento 42mq nel 18eme vicino al municipio e a 10min a piedi da Montmartre. La metro linea 12, fermata Jules Joffrin, dista meno di 5 min a piedi mentre in 5 min si puo raggiungere la linea 4 Marcadet Poissonier.  Solo per studenti. Max serietà Zona ben collegata dai mezzi pubblici, abbastanza centrale e ricca di pub e ristoranti. Il quartiere Montmartre e la chiesa Sacro Cuore distano all'incirca 10 min a piedi Bagno (con bidet - non tutte le case in Francia ne hanno uno), cucina, lavatrice, internet, telefono. Ho giornate lavorative di 12h e spesso lunghi periodi di vacanza in cui parto. ricco di pub e ristoranti ben collegata dai mezzi di trasporto non fumatori
32349		With a living-room and a separate bedroom, enjoy this lovely appartment and its typical view on Parisian roofs. Ideal for 2 people, the kitchen is equipped The appartment is really ideally located at the heart of the North Montmartre, in the middle of cafés, restaurants and good food shops... everything is easily accessible and the atmosphere is nice and picturesque: the real Paris! The appartment is between the subway station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) and the station Chateau Rouge (line 4). Both are very practical to get in the center of Paris pretty quickly.
32350		Room is available for 2 weeks in August: the 1st - 8th and the 9th - 23rd. You will be sharing the space with me (I'm easy to get a long with!) We will share a bathroom and the kitchen (there is no living room)
32351	The flat offers : - One living room / kitchen - One bedroom with a great double-bed - One small bathroom	"The two rooms apartment is very clean and quiet. It's located in a trendy district ""Lamarck"" close to Montmartre (10min walk). If you like typical restaurants, hidden and trendy places you should book it ! Baptiste The flat offers : - One living room / kitchen - One bedroom with a great double-bed - One small bathroom The flat is close to the subway (300m)."
32352	If you like open horizons and open vistas, if you are searching for a cosy nest to rest in the centre of a busy city, a warm, peaceful and relaxing Home Away from Home, a small yet well equipped and affordable retreat, look no further! This is the place for you in Paris! This 30 sq metres apartment is a two room apartment on the 6th and last floor of an 1800’s building with elevator. It has been completely renovated into a sitting room/bedroom, a dining room with corner kitchen and a bathroom. It's an ideal 'pied a terre' for 2 people, but it can accommodate up to 4. Ideal for a family with 2 children.    The sitting room/bedroom, is painted in a delicate magnolia colour, has a parquet wooden floor, a double bed and a sofa that turns into a comfortable queen size bed with excellent quality mattress, television, DVD with a selection of classical films, books, a desk, a bookcase/wardrobe, selected indoor plants and air-conditioning. The balcony offers spectacular views of the Eiffel Towe	A small but well equipped and magnificently placed apartment with great views over Paris and many monuments like the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre (roofs) the Arc de Triomph, Invalides etc. Metro Station Pigalle and many bus stops right outside the door. A direct bus (30) takes you directly to the Trocadero a vantage point to see and visit the Eiffel Tower. Two food markets nearby (Rue Martyrs and Rue Lepic) and an organic market every Saturday on Place de Clichy. Many restaurants and bars around. If you like open horizons and open vistas, if you are searching for a cosy nest to rest in the centre of a busy city, a warm, peaceful and relaxing Home Away from Home, a small yet well equipped and affordable retreat, look no further! This is the place for you in Paris! This 30 sq metres apartment is a two room apartment on the 6th and last floor of an 1800’s building with elevator. It has been completely renovated into a sitting room/bedroom, a dining room with corner kitchen and a bathroom. It'
32353	Welcome to one of the most colourful neighborhoods of Paris. At 5 minutes from Sacré-Coeur (Sacred Heart), under the roofs of paris, stay in a quiet and bright studio completely renovated. In a typical once-faubourgs building of Paris between the former villages of Montmartre and La Chapelle, enjoy a mezzanine with a comfortable bed for 2 overlooking the lounge area with a sofa bed (2 places), the TV (more than 100 channels) and a free wireless Internet connexion. To enjoy fresh bread and croissants purchased in one of five bakeries nearby (and a supermarket at 15 meters), you will prepare a delicious breakfast in the fully equipped kitchen: fridge, ceramic hob, microwave, washing machine, kettle, teapot, crockery and cutlery. You'll love spending time in the bathroom (walk-in shower, suspended toilet, heated towel rail, hairdryer). Bed-clothes and towels are supplied. The studio is lit by a window dormer and a skylight. The Sacred Heart? You see it by the window! And after a 5-minute 	Welcome to one of the most colorful and vibrant areas of Paris. Under the sky of Paris , 5 minutes from Sacred Heart , staying in a quiet and bright studio completely renovated. In a typical building of the former village of Montmartre. Welcome to one of the most colourful neighborhoods of Paris. At 5 minutes from Sacré-Coeur (Sacred Heart), under the roofs of paris, stay in a quiet and bright studio completely renovated. In a typical once-faubourgs building of Paris between the former villages of Montmartre and La Chapelle, enjoy a mezzanine with a comfortable bed for 2 overlooking the lounge area with a sofa bed (2 places), the TV (more than 100 channels) and a free wireless Internet connexion. To enjoy fresh bread and croissants purchased in one of five bakeries nearby (and a supermarket at 15 meters), you will prepare a delicious breakfast in the fully equipped kitchen: fridge, ceramic hob, microwave, washing machine, kettle, teapot, crockery and cutlery. You'll love spending time 
32354		Appartement deux pièces dans le nord de Paris. Il se situe à dix minutes du quartier historique de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur, un village dans Paris.  Il se compose d'une cuisine équipée, sdb, un séjour, une chambre.
32355	The flat is located high up on a hill in the heart of the Parisian village, Montmartre in the calm and attractive Gabrielle Road. Only a minute’s walk from the beautiful Sacred Heart Basilica, the great panoramic view of the city and the Place du Tertre, by going down the stairs or hill’s alleyways you are within walking distance from Abbesses, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge… Not only the area is well known for its wide choice in cafés, restaurants and food and clothes shops but also for painters such as Renoir, Degas, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Modigliani and one the most famous of all, Picasso, who in 1900 lived in Gabrielle Road! You will immediately feel at home in this bright one-room flat of 20 sq. metres (215 sq. ft)  for 1 or 2 persons. Fully equipped you will find all the comfort you need. COMFORT, LIGHT AND CALM • Mobile double bed  (140 cm X 190 cm)  • Duvet, pillows and sheets  • Bookcase with English and French books ! • Wardrobe • TV • Web / fast WiFi access • Washing machine  • Ir	The flat is located high up on a hill in the heart of the Parisian village, Montmartre in the calm and attractive Gabrielle Road. Only a minute’s walk from the beautiful Sacred Heart Basilica, the great panoramic view of the city and the Place du Tertre, by going down the stairs or hill’s alleyways you are within walking distance from Abbesses, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge… Not only the area is well known for its wide choice in cafés, restaurants and food and clothes shops but also for painters such as Renoir, Degas, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Modigliani and one the most famous of all, Picasso, who in 1900 lived in Gabrielle Road! You will immediately feel at home in this bright one-room flat of 20 sq. metres (215 sq. ft)  for 1 or 2 persons. Fully equipped you will find all the comfort you need. COMFORT, LIGHT AND CALM • Mobile double bed  (140 cm X 190 cm)  • Duvet, pillows and sheets  • Bookcase with English and French books ! • Wardrobe • TV • Web / fast WiFi access • Washing machine  • Ir
32356	The flat is composed of a bedroom, a living room with a double sofa bed, a kitchen, a veranda and a patio.	Charming appartment of 65 square meters in a flowered courtyard with a veranda and a patio. Ideal for two couples  or a family in an historical neighborhood of Paris full of restaurants, bars and small shops.  The flat is in the steps of Montmartre which is atypical. The flat is composed of a bedroom, a living room with a double sofa bed, a kitchen, a veranda and a patio. Metro lines 12 (Abbesses),2 (Anvers),4 (chateau rouge) are at 5-min walking. A lot of Buses lines are available right next door.  Montmartre : It's the nicest place of Paris with a lot of historical monuments to see and all accommodations.
32357		This charming flat has a real bedroom and living room. It is perfectly located in the Quartier des Batignolles. This location is ideal if you want to enjoy Paris by day or by Night. Come and enjoy real parisian way of life !
32358		Quartier cosmopolite, proximité tout commerces et services. Au pied du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) et de plusieurs ligne de bus. 5ème étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux, très belle vue sur le sacré coeur, internet, machine à laver...
32359	Ce très bel appartement de 90 m2 en rez de chaussée sans vis à vis, pour 4/5 personnes, vous enchantera par ses volumes et sa situation exceptionnelle. Au dos de la basilique du Sacré Cœur, tout proche des commerces et des animations de la place du Tertre (200m) du vieux Montmartre et ses Cabarets L’appartement se décompose : •1 entrée •1 salle de bain équipée avec douche et machine à laver le linge •1 grande chambre donnant sur une cour intérieure avec 2 lits de 90x200 pouvant se réunir pour faire un grand lit. •1 grande chambre donnant sur le salon avec un lit double de 180x200 •1 spacieux salon /salle à manger avec sa spectaculaire hauteur de plafond( 3.70m) équipé d’un écran plat  117cm •1 cuisine entièrement équipée : four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à Nespresso et de nombreux autres accessoires. Internet Très Haut Débit par Fibre!  Metro : Lamark Caulaincourt 	Ce très bel appartement de 90 m2 en rez de chaussée sans vis à vis, pour 4/5 personnes, vous enchantera par ses volumes et sa situation exceptionnelle. Au dos de la basilique du Sacré Cœur, tout proche des commerces et des animations de la place du Tertre (200m) du vieux Montmartre et ses Cabarets L’appartement se décompose : •1 entrée •1 salle de bain équipée avec douche et machine à laver le linge •1 grande chambre donnant sur une cour intérieure avec 2 lits de 90x200 pouvant se réunir pour faire un grand lit. •1 grande chambre donnant sur le salon avec un lit double de 180x200 •1 spacieux salon /salle à manger avec sa spectaculaire hauteur de plafond( 3.70m) équipé d’un écran plat  117cm •1 cuisine entièrement équipée : four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à Nespresso et de nombreux autres accessoires. Internet Très Haut Débit par Fibre!  Metro : Lamark Caulaincourt les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement nous serons là pour vous accueillir et receptionner 
32360	Un cocon perché au sixième étage, sans bruit, comme un refuge pour se couper du monde. 	Un cocon perché au sixième étage, sans bruit, comme un refuge pour se couper du monde.  Quartier comme un village, typique de la vie du Paris du 19eme siècle. Sacrée Coeur, Moulin Rouge, la rue Lepic et ses commerces de bouche....Un petit Paris dans Paris. Ligne 12. Métro Abbesses (à 80 mètres) Bus 95 ou 80, Montmartobus
32361	Appartement situé à Marcadet/Poissonniers, derrière la butte de Montmartre. Quartier à la fois animé avec les commerces africains et branché vers Jules Joffrin avec bars et bistrots très parisiens.  Le calme est appréciable : pas de circulation et oiseaux qui gazouillent dans la cour.	Paris sans se ruiner ! À 10min à pieds de Montmartre et 15 min des quais. Lumineux avec soleil dès le matin. Station de métro à 100m.  2 rooms quiet and sunny near Montmartre (only 5 min walk). Easy to move everywhere. Ideal for discovering Paris ! Appartement situé à Marcadet/Poissonniers, derrière la butte de Montmartre. Quartier à la fois animé avec les commerces africains et branché vers Jules Joffrin avec bars et bistrots très parisiens.  Le calme est appréciable : pas de circulation et oiseaux qui gazouillent dans la cour. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble du matériel et ustensiles disponibles : Internet, baignoire, machine à laver, four et plaques au gaz, frigo et congélateur Je me tiens à votre disposition pour vous donner davantage d'informations. Quartier nord de Paris à 10 min à pieds de Montmartre et de Barbès mais également de Lamark et Jules Joffrin pour le Paris typique, du centre culturel le 104 pour assister aux répétitions des danseurs hip hop, jongleurs, acrobates... Et s
32362		Nice and cosy mini-appartement located in the heart of Montmartre a few minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. Many bus lines and subway (just in front)  to allow easy movement in Paris.  The apartment is comfortable and bright.  Montmartre is a lively and very friendly neighborhood. It is very pleasant to walk around and have a drink at a sidewalk café. There are also many restaurants in various styles. Finally shops or shopping and where to buy food are also widespread. The accommodation is situated close to the metro - just 100 metres to Chateau Rouge (line 4) and 500 metres from Barbès-Rochechouart  (line 2). Bus line 51, N14 serves Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est to reach the airports. 21, goes to the center of Paris. The Montmartrobus circulates in the Montmartre district.
32363	The flat is at the 5th floor,in a 2006-building. Open view through large picture windows. Restricted access by codes and videophone. The apartment overlooks a little quiet inner garden; it has a very good sound and thermal insulation  Hall  with cupboard-closet. Living-room with quite comfortable 2-people folding divan, TV, Internet Wifi,  telephone (free calls, except international cell-phone calls). Kitchenette (electric cooker, tumble-dryer, microwave oven) Bedroom (double bed) with cupboard, chest of drawers, bathroom. Separate toilet. The building gives onto a small square lined with shops, between rue de l'Olive,  rue de la Guadeloupe  (which are pedestrianized),  rue de Torcy and rue de la Martinique. You can find there restaurants, bars with terrace, chemist's, bakery, groceries, ...On this  square a market is held from Tuesday to Sunday in a Baltard-styled Historic Building.  490 sq. feet, very cosy.  The district is lively, cosmopolitan, with a lot of businesses and lovely re	Modern, comfortable, both quiet and in a lively district. Perfect for 2-4 people. The flat is at the 5th floor,in a 2006-building. Open view through large picture windows. Restricted access by codes and videophone. The apartment overlooks a little quiet inner garden; it has a very good sound and thermal insulation  Hall  with cupboard-closet. Living-room with quite comfortable 2-people folding divan, TV, Internet Wifi,  telephone (free calls, except international cell-phone calls). Kitchenette (electric cooker, tumble-dryer, microwave oven) Bedroom (double bed) with cupboard, chest of drawers, bathroom. Separate toilet. The building gives onto a small square lined with shops, between rue de l'Olive,  rue de la Guadeloupe  (which are pedestrianized),  rue de Torcy and rue de la Martinique. You can find there restaurants, bars with terrace, chemist's, bakery, groceries, ...On this  square a market is held from Tuesday to Sunday in a Baltard-styled Historic Building.  490 sq. feet, very c
32364	The apartment is perfect to host 4 people. A cozy space divided a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom. We preserved all the antique features:  ceilings of the mansard,  oak parquets floors and a marble fireplace with their mirror. A good Internet WIFI connection is provided. METRO just downstairs. Please, don't forget to water the plants! LIVING ROOM  The entrance hall leads to a luminous living room where a double cozy couch and an armchair will make your stay relaxing. The couch is convertible in a queen bed with a real mattress, that can perfectly be used as regular bed. A closet, lot of books and an old bureau to write your postcards.There is a fireplace, a large french window which provide lots of sunlight and a nice view to the roofs of the Boulevard.  BEDROOM   suite with queen bed, oak parquets floors, a large window, bureau and a big closet. BATHROOM with a nice shower stall, hair dryer, sufficient plush towels and toiletries provided.	Enjoy a real parisian mansard at one the trendiest neighborhoods of Paris. Fully renovated and equipped, lift on the building, view over the roofs and  place for 4 people. Close to Montmartre and the biggest Flea market of the World! The apartment is perfect to host 4 people. A cozy space divided a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom. We preserved all the antique features:  ceilings of the mansard,  oak parquets floors and a marble fireplace with their mirror. A good Internet WIFI connection is provided. METRO just downstairs. Please, don't forget to water the plants! LIVING ROOM  The entrance hall leads to a luminous living room where a double cozy couch and an armchair will make your stay relaxing. The couch is convertible in a queen bed with a real mattress, that can perfectly be used as regular bed. A closet, lot of books and an old bureau to write your postcards.There is a fireplace, a large french window which provide lots of sunlight and a nice view to the roofs of 
32365	5 personnes  Deux couples + single Deux chambres  Très bel immeuble 19ème  Calme Premier étage	It's a nice frenchy and cosy flat, in a quiet yard. Available for 5 people, a living room with a kitchen, 2 bedrooms, and a bathroom (two double beds + a single).The place to be for Christmas and New Years' Eve: explore the romantic Montmartre !
32366	harming bright apartment of 45m2 situated in the 4th floor of a beautiful building reassured by digital code. He has a chamber separated with bed 2 places, of a stay with sofa reads, of a kitchen any outing opened on the lounge, of a room of shower and separate toilet. The apartment possesses a double exhibition, the West in the chamber and is in the lounge, it is brightened up all day long. The lounge 1onto to a small park in which it is very pleasant to stroll... It is a cosy nest right in the heart of Paris!!!	2 rooms filled with charm situated in an alive district, near the Place of Clichy, Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, St Lazare, the Boulevard Haussmann and Department stores... Take place, an unforgettable stay offers itself to you ;-) harming bright apartment of 45m2 situated in the 4th floor of a beautiful building reassured by digital code. He has a chamber separated with bed 2 places, of a stay with sofa reads, of a kitchen any outing opened on the lounge, of a room of shower and separate toilet. The apartment possesses a double exhibition, the West in the chamber and is in the lounge, it is brightened up all day long. The lounge 1onto to a small park in which it is very pleasant to stroll... It is a cosy nest right in the heart of Paris!!! Situated in 40 meters of the subway Place of Clichy where you can borrow the Lines 2 and 13 which serve big stations such as Pigalle, Beards, Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Saint-Lazare, Champs-Elysées, Montparnasse etc.... Bus lines are also every close
32367	Apt on Second floor with a lift. Spaceful, very comfy and bright, you will feel good staying in a place where good energies suround you! Perfect for Music freaks ;) 	Apt of 33m² perfectly situated on 2nd floor in Paris 18 District, only 20 meters from Bike station , Metro La Chapelle/Gare du Nord. The apt is very peaceful, Comfy and with a nice opened outside view with a rooftop. It is very close to many shops! Apt on Second floor with a lift. Spaceful, very comfy and bright, you will feel good staying in a place where good energies suround you! Perfect for Music freaks ;) You will have access to all the equipments!  I will welcome, introduce you to the space and stay available for any requests. Indian district, very good vibes and liveful :) Metro 2 / 4 / 5, RER B, D, E. Everything is connected to my place. You will be able to chose your resting area between the highs with the wooden penthouse, or stay connected with the convertible bed. A plus of the convertible Bed ( When falls the dusk, let yourself guided by a glooming stars ceilling to sweet dreams, maybe along some music? )
32368	Abbesses metro 12 Anvers metro 2 Pigalle bus 67 	L'appartement d'une surface de 53 m2 comprend 2 pièces. * Un salon lumineux * La chambre  avec un lit double. * Une cuisine  * Une salle de bain/toilettes avec douche et machine a laver * Une entrée pour y laisser manteaux et chaussures. Abbesses metro 12 Anvers metro 2 Pigalle bus 67 PS3, Netflix, Tivoli Audio,  KOFF Le progrès Jardin d'en face Le potager Abbesses metro 12 Anvers metro 2 Pigalle bus 67 
32369	It is fully furnished with a tv-dvd included, wifi-internet connexion. The kitchen is well equiped with a microwave, electric oven, 2 electric stoves, kettle, fridge and all things needed for cooking and eating.  The neighborhood is mostly residential, so it's safe and quiet with food shops, a famous market tree times by week , delis just a few minutes away, and a lot of lovely restaurants, cafes and pubs.  You'll be in the heart of Paris: Montmartre! Metro: Line 4 Chateaurouge (2 min by walk) line 12 Lamarck-Caulaincourt (5 min by walk)	Hello and welcome to my beautiful  apt!  There's a living room and one bedroom.  It's at 5 minutes by walk to the Sacré Coeur, there's a lot of shops and restaurants.
32370		Dans un immeuble en pierre de taille, ce deux pièces est parfait en couple ou en entre amis pour vos courts séjours parisiens à quelques minutes à peine de Montmartre et du centre de la capitale...
32371	Very quiet flat and a great localisation, in the center of Montmartre. 	Place des Abbesses. Recently renovated, 58m2 with a little balcon. We rent a big living-room with a large bed & US kitchen and 1 of our rooms. Place des Abbesses. Recement rénové, 58 m2, au calme absolu. A louer un grand salon avec cuisine US et une chambre parentale, 58 m2, avec un petit balcon fleuri. Very quiet flat and a great localisation, in the center of Montmartre. You'll be able to use a spacious kitchen with all equipment (dish-washer, washing machine etc.). There is a high quality TV in the leaving-room, a hifi system as well. Beautiful and unique area of Montmarte. At the same time, our flat is really quiet ! Great district of Paris, very often with live concerts at the place, a lovely fruits&vegetables market, fish, cheese, the best boulangeries etc ! The place to be when you are in Paris ! Underground Line 12 and 2
32372	"très bel appartement situé en plein paris non loin de montmartre ,vous pouvez vous y rendre en métro par la ligne 12 elle désert aussi la porte de versailles lieux des salons nationaux et internationaux sans oublier la célèbre foire de paris , aussi par la ligne 4 pour vous rendre dans le centre de paris le quartier chatellet les halles avec son célèbre théâtre situé sur la place de chatellet . A quelque minute de ce lieu mythique se trouve le quartier historique du marais. Pour aller découvrir la plus belle avenue du monde en 20 minutes  ""Les champs Elysées"" vous pourriez également emprunter le bus 31 qui vous y conduira . Cet appartement est doté d'internet wifi au débit une télévision haute qualité écran plasma ainsi qu'un home cinéma avec plus de cent chaines cablées pour vos moments  de détente. Une cuisine équipée est a votre disposition ou vous pourriez mijoter de bons petits plats vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous ,l'électricité est à la charge du locataire pour un séjour à "	"très bel appartement situé en plein paris non loin de montmartre ,vous pouvez vous y rendre en métro par la ligne 12 elle désert aussi la porte de versailles lieux des salons nationaux et internationaux sans oublier la célèbre foire de paris , aussi par la ligne 4 pour vous rendre dans le centre de paris le quartier chatellet les halles avec son célèbre théâtre situé sur la place de chatellet . A quelque minute de ce lieu mythique se trouve le quartier historique du marais. Pour aller découvrir la plus belle avenue du monde en 20 minutes  ""Les champs Elysées"" vous pourriez également emprunter le bus 31 qui vous y conduira . Cet appartement est doté d'internet wifi au débit une télévision haute qualité écran plasma ainsi qu'un home cinéma avec plus de cent chaines cablées pour vos moments  de détente. Une cuisine équipée est a votre disposition ou vous pourriez mijoter de bons petits plats vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous ,l'électricité est à la charge du locataire pour un séjour à "
32373		Je suis propriétaire d’un appartement de deux pièces de 27 m2 au pied de la butte Montmartre dans un quartier très animé, juste à côté de la rue du poteau (la rue commerçante du film Amélie POULAIN). 
32374		Loue très joli appartement proche Montmartre tout équipé , tout confort , idéal pour 2 couples 
32375	Charming 11m2 room in 2 bedroom apartment (55m2) in the middle of Montmartre (metro Abbesses). The room has a double-bed (rather small), a wooden chest of drawers, an ancient and lovely office table and office chair, and a small bookshelf with a selection of French literature.	"Charming bedroom in Paris, Montmartre, close to Place des Abbesses. Charming 11m2 room in 2 bedroom apartment (55m2) in the middle of Montmartre (metro Abbesses). The room has a double-bed (rather small), a wooden chest of drawers, an ancient and lovely office table and office chair, and a small bookshelf with a selection of French literature. You have access to all apartment amenities, including kitchen (washing machine & dishwasher), living room, bathroom, closet in the living-room and my private garden, if you want to chill. You also have access to WIFI and you can use my landline for calls to other European landlines. You will get your own apartment key as well. I'm available to answer all your questions and help as much as I can to make your stay comfortable. I speak French, English and German, and I understand a bit of Spanish, Italian and Portuguese. The apartment is located in the middle of beautiful Montmartre, just around the corner of the grocery store in the movie ""Amélie P"
32376		Je loue mon appartement situé à Pigalle,sortie du métro. Une belle pièce à vivre,une kitchenette et la salle de bain. Un couchage lit simple mais possibilité d'accueillir un couple et un enfant .Matelas gonflable confortable disponible. Non Métro Pigalle ligne 2/12
32377	*********************************************** -No extra for extra guests  - Fresh Linen, towels  provided to all of our guests  *********************************************** UPDATE  We have refurnished the flat with new amneties and furnitures that you cannot see on the photos taken in may 2012 with: -4 chairs to accomodate diner arround the office /diner table; - a new low table in the living room;  -new frames in the living room and room -new curtling table and amneties in the kitchen - new linen for the beds and towels ;  *********************************************** SUPER & FRIENDLY HOST  +160 REVIEWS : See my Profil here : https://www.airbnb.fr/users/show/2407716 *********************************************** WELCOME TO PARIS! My name is Lisa,I am a stewardess working for Air France and I am spending my time between Paris and other stop overs. When i am away i am happy to host my guests in my centrally located cosy flat. My little brothers  sister  will be most happy to mee	 You rent the ENTIRE   Flat with a surface of 48 sq.m2 There are 2 beds up to 4 guests ( 1 in the bedroom (180X200cm) and 1 sofa bed (160X200cm) n the living room) . There are a door to separate the rooms . *********************************************** -No extra for extra guests  - Fresh Linen, towels  provided to all of our guests  *********************************************** UPDATE  We have refurnished the flat with new amneties and furnitures that you cannot see on the photos taken in may 2012 with: -4 chairs to accomodate diner arround the office /diner table; - a new low table in the living room;  -new frames in the living room and room -new curtling table and amneties in the kitchen - new linen for the beds and towels ;  *********************************************** SUPER & FRIENDLY HOST  +160 REVIEWS : See my Profil here : https://www.airbnb.fr/users/show/2407716 *********************************************** WELCOME TO PARIS! My name is Lisa,I am a stewardess working fo
32378	L'appartement joliment décoré est situé idéalement dans un quartier historique et typique de Paris : Montmartre. L'appartement possède un beau salon, une chambre ainsi qu'une cuisine séparée et entièrement équipée.	Joliment niché dans le coeur d'un quartier typique de Paris, Montmartre, cet appartement comprend : - Une cuisine entièrement équipée - Un salon, avec un canapé lit - Une chambre avec lit double L'appartement est situé à proximité du métro Anvers L'appartement joliment décoré est situé idéalement dans un quartier historique et typique de Paris : Montmartre. L'appartement possède un beau salon, une chambre ainsi qu'une cuisine séparée et entièrement équipée. Habitant sur Paris, je serai présent pour aider le voyageur en lui conseillant les bons plans et les endoits à visiter Au pied du Sacré Coeur et de Montmartre, vous découvrirez le Paris romantique, le Paris historique et le Paris des artistes ! Le logement est à proximité du métro Anvers, Abbesses et du funiculaire de montmartre.
32379	50sqm very bright flat with:  1 large living room with confortable sofa bed, a coffee table, a dinning table and six chairs; 1 double bedroom; 1 bathroom with shower; 1 separte WC; 1 fully-equiped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, toaster, kittle...etc) where dining at 3 is possible; TV and wifi provided.	"Typical parisian 4 pax. flat, 15-min walk from Montmartre Sacré Cœur and 5-min walk from Saint-Ouen flee market. Our lovely ""home sweet home""  will be yours for a nice parisian escape. For a romantic weekend or a family with 2 kids stay. 50sqm very bright flat with:  1 large living room with confortable sofa bed, a coffee table, a dinning table and six chairs; 1 double bedroom; 1 bathroom with shower; 1 separte WC; 1 fully-equiped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge and freezer, coffee machine, toaster, kittle...etc) where dining at 3 is possible; TV and wifi provided. Depending on the arrival time, we will welcome you or give the key to a neighbor. My fiancée and I love our flat and our neighborhood but we also like to travel so when we are not around, we are happy to welcome AirBnB guests. Located in a typical parisian neighborhood, the flat will offer you a good starting point to explore Paris. Flat is located 15-min walk from Montmartre Sacré Cœur et 5-min walk from Saint-"
32380	L'appartement est situé au troisième étage de l'immeuble, ce 35 mètres carrés est lumineux et calme. Il se compose d'un salon avec un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, une chambre  et une salle de bains, une cuisine. Idéal pour un week-end agréable en plein Paris, proche de toutes commodités,  confortable et bien équipée avec une connexion Wi-Fi gratuite, une télévision, un lecteur DVD, four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, planche et fer, machine à laver, séchoir à linge.  Le bâtiment est sécurisé avec 2 portes avec code.	L'appartement est situé au troisième étage de l'immeuble, ce 35 mètres carrés est lumineux et calme. Il se compose d'un salon avec un canapé-lit pour deux personnes, une chambre  et une salle de bains, une cuisine. Idéal pour un week-end agréable en plein Paris, proche de toutes commodités,  confortable et bien équipée avec une connexion Wi-Fi gratuite, une télévision, un lecteur DVD, four, micro-ondes, grille-pain, planche et fer, machine à laver, séchoir à linge.  Le bâtiment est sécurisé avec 2 portes avec code. A votre arrivée, je vous attends au pied de l'immeuble et vous propose une visite complète de l'appartement. Nous vous prêtons un jeu de clés   Nous laisserons à disposition des voyageurs des documents les informant des bons plans et des coins à visiter dans le secteur (petits restos, bars à ambiance, monuments, sorties diverses...) L'appartement est situé dans le cœur d'un quartier populaire historique, animé et à quelques minutes à pied de nombreux excellents restaurants e
32381		Appartement lumineux avec balcon tout équipé au cœur du 18ème arrondissement, au pied du métro et du quartier de Montmartre. Sunny and charming apartement near from Montmartre and very close from all facilitie
32382		2éme étage dans quartier calme. Grande luminosité ,cuisine séparée ac fenêtre, plaque, grand frigo et congél. Salon ac canapé convertible table basse bureau rangements lit deux places gde fenêtre . Salle d'eau ac grande douche et WC. connexion fibre.
32383	My Duplex is spacious and it's enlightened	My Duplex is spacious and it's enlightened Cooking Bathroom  Room Toilets I can help you throughout the stay for good plans The area is cosmopolitan , it is convenient for shops nearby. The subway located very close to the house allows it to move very quickly in tourist areas ( Champs Elysée - Montmartre -State de France - Eiffel Tower)
32384	"PERFECT FOR A COUPLE, EVENTUALLY WITH A CHILD ! Apartment two rooms fully renovated, lots of charm, at the foot of Montmartre, Town Hall of the 18th arrondissement. Views of the Sacré Coeur! A double bedroom, a one bed sofa. Very bright. Kitchen and bathroom fully remade with taste! The district is full of shopkeepers with a market 2 mins ago but also nice bars and a very diverse environment. Flea market in St Ouen are about 10 minutes walk, the District of Les abbesses far from 15 minutes, as well as the Sacré Coeur. The 18th arrondissement also count a Chinatown and an African district with their book of good addresses! I have plenty of good tips and nice places to advise. I simply love living here and I will share this passion for my neighbourhood with you !  ""Ca c'est Paris !"" 2 metros are close : Jules Joffrin (line 12) and simplon (line 4) Very easy to go to the heart of Paris, to the train stations or for shopping ! But you will love the streets around so much you won't leave th"	"PERFECT FOR A COUPLE, EVENTUALLY WITH A CHILD ! Apartment two rooms fully renovated, lots of charm, at the foot of Montmartre, Town Hall of the 18th arrondissement. Views of the Sacré Coeur! A double bedroom, a one bed sofa. Very bright. Kitchen and bathroom fully remade with taste! The district is full of shopkeepers with a market 2 mins ago but also nice bars and a very diverse environment. Flea market in St Ouen are about 10 minutes walk, the District of Les abbesses far from 15 minutes, as well as the Sacré Coeur. The 18th arrondissement also count a Chinatown and an African district with their book of good addresses! I have plenty of good tips and nice places to advise. I simply love living here and I will share this passion for my neighbourhood with you !  ""Ca c'est Paris !"" 2 metros are close : Jules Joffrin (line 12) and simplon (line 4) Very easy to go to the heart of Paris, to the train stations or for shopping ! But you will love the streets around so much you won't leave th"
32385	With the view over Paris and a garden, this 17m² studio is a real haven of peace, at the heart of the lively Montmartre area.	With the view over Paris and a garden, this 17m² studio is a real haven of peace, at the heart of the lively Montmartre area. It is located in a quiet street, right next to the Sacré Coeur, Place du Tertre, nice restaurants and bars. With the view over Paris and a garden, this 17m² studio is a real haven of peace, at the heart of the lively Montmartre area. I'm available anytime by phone or email during your stay. Montmartre is a very lively area where you will find heaps of nice restaurants and bars. The studio itself is located in a quiet street and building, 3 minutes away from the Sacré Coeur. Metro Abesses (ligne 12) : 200 m Metro Pigalle (ligne 2) : 500 m Funiculaire : 140 m Montmartrobus
32386	"The apartment sleeps up to 4 people. 2 in the bedroom which consists of a very comfortable double bed and 2 on the pull out couch in the living room. All the windows have drapes that keep out the light very well while you are trying to sleep. Fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine), bath, 42"" television, wifi connection, Apple TV, stereo, there's even adjustable mood lighting. Please note the stove in the kitchen uses induction hot plates. This may constitute a potential risk to someone with a pacemaker."	"Two room apartment (430 ft²), 10 minutes to Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre), fully equipped kitchen, comfortable, 4 minutes to the metro. The apartment sleeps up to 4 people. 2 in the bedroom which consists of a very comfortable double bed and 2 on the pull out couch in the living room. All the windows have drapes that keep out the light very well while you are trying to sleep. Fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine), bath, 42"" television, wifi connection, Apple TV, stereo, there's even adjustable mood lighting. Please note the stove in the kitchen uses induction hot plates. This may constitute a potential risk to someone with a pacemaker. You will have the whole apartment. The apartment is on the 4th floor, without  elevator. I am at your disposal for any questions before you arrive. There are 2 (English) Paris guidebooks at your disposal. During your stay, I'm always available by phone or SMS for any questions you might have or if you want any advice about "
32387	Toute équipe wifi TV proche transport 	Mon appartement se compose de 2 pièces plus une terrasse aménagé  cote du périphérique et transport en commun (linge 4 et 12 a 5 mn a pied ) et des bus a  3  peuvent accueillir jusqu'à 4 a 5 personne, proche de tous les monuments de Paris,15 mn de Sacre cœur a 25 de châtelet et a 35 mn des champs Elysée. je le loue pour une semaine /2 semaine ou par Toute équipe wifi TV proche transport Vous aurez accès à tous les équipements de l appartement Ligne 12 et 4 directement au centre de Paris et pleins de bus
32388	L’appartement est idéalement situé sur la butte Montmartre, dans un quartier en plein essor (commerces, restaurants), avec une vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur. Très très lumineux, espace très ouvert, beaucoup de charme. 	Sur la butte Montmartre à Paris. Appartement très lumineux (5 fenêtres dans la pièce principale) et ouvert (la cuisine donne sur la salle-à-manger et le salon). Deux chambres. Grande douche, toilettes séparées. 4e étage. Tous commerces et restaurants L’appartement est idéalement situé sur la butte Montmartre, dans un quartier en plein essor (commerces, restaurants), avec une vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur. Très très lumineux, espace très ouvert, beaucoup de charme.  Très proche à pied : la butte Montmartre - Sacré Coeur, funiculaire, place du Tertre, quartier des Abbesses, Pigalle (Moulin Rouge, Lido, nombreux cabarets). Nous ne serons pas présents durant le séjour (mais des amis vivant dans la rue d’à côté pourront être contactés en cas de besoin). La vue sur Paris, dès qu’on monte tout en haut de la butte est magnifique. Au pied de l’immeuble, tous les commerces et de nombreux bars et restaurants qui rendent le quartier très joyeux, et agréable le jour comme la nuit. A proximité d
32389	"My charming 40m2 apartment is located in the Marx Dormoy neighbourhood, near the newly renovated ""Place de l'Olive"". It's a really cute pedestrian square where you can have a quiet drink in one of the new hip wine bars, a nice meal on a sunny terrace or go food shopping in the traditional covered market - where you'll find the best cheeses and fresh fruits & veggies! Not to mention the numerous bakeries and local shops in the vicinity. It's a multicultural neighbourhood, so you'll find some great French restaurants but there are also good Chinese, Indian and North African places around as well.   The appartment gives onto an inner courtyard and is very quiet. It is on the second floor with no lift! Provided with : free Wifi access, TV, conduction oven and vitro-ceramic stove, micro-wave oven, and fridge. The bathroom is with shower, washer and dryer. The bedroom is spacious, there is a comfy double bed and lots of closet space. The living room has a sofa bed that can sleep a couple.  T"	"Charming one bedroom in the 18th 15-minute walk from Montmartre, very well equipped (appliances - Wifi - TV - washing machine and dryer), overlooks a courtyard. It also has the advantage of being close to the metro - bus and a Velib station. My charming 40m2 apartment is located in the Marx Dormoy neighbourhood, near the newly renovated ""Place de l'Olive"". It's a really cute pedestrian square where you can have a quiet drink in one of the new hip wine bars, a nice meal on a sunny terrace or go food shopping in the traditional covered market - where you'll find the best cheeses and fresh fruits & veggies! Not to mention the numerous bakeries and local shops in the vicinity. It's a multicultural neighbourhood, so you'll find some great French restaurants but there are also good Chinese, Indian and North African places around as well.   The appartment gives onto an inner courtyard and is very quiet. It is on the second floor with no lift! Provided with : free Wifi access, TV, conduction o"
32390		A nice flat just for you with a double room very close to metro station Marx Dormoy
32391		Stylish cosy and quiet flat, right down the stairs of Montmartre. cool area full of bars and restaurants. Easily accessible with 3 metro lines: 2, 4, 12 1 db bed in the room + sofabed in livingroom          METRO 2, 4, 12
32392	hola mas a proposito de la habitacion. Puedo alquilar una habitation de 12 metros cuadrados ( en una vivienda de 80 metros cuadrados) Podra vd disfrutar del uso de la cocina ( desayuno no està incluido)y también del cuarto de bano ( toallas y shampu includios) je vous propose une chambre  de 12 m2 ( appartement fait 80m2) je mets à votre disposition ma cuisine ( le petit déjeuner n 'est pas inclus) et ma salle de bain ( serviettes et shampoing fournis). Au plaisir de vous accueillir prochainement	HI more about this accommodation i fan let you a 12 square metre bedroom ( in an 80 square metre flat) you can enjoy the use of both the kitchen ( breakfast not included) and the bathroom ( towels and shampoo provided) hola mas a proposito de la habitacion. Puedo alquilar una habitation de 12 metros cuadrados ( en una vivienda de 80 metros cuadrados) Podra vd disfrutar del uso de la cocina ( desayuno no està incluido)y también del cuarto de bano ( toallas y shampu includios) je vous propose une chambre  de 12 m2 ( appartement fait 80m2) je mets à votre disposition ma cuisine ( le petit déjeuner n 'est pas inclus) et ma salle de bain ( serviettes et shampoing fournis). Au plaisir de vous accueillir prochainement salon salle de bain
32393	Bright Well designed Fully equipped Practical Well located 	Apartment newly and fully both refreshed and designed Very convenient and practical: 1st floor, well equipped, bright, appropriated to host a couple Located in the heart of Montmartre, very closed by walk to Sacré Coeur and various shops as well Bright Well designed Fully equipped Practical Well located  In the heart of Montmartre, very close to various shop (clothes shops, restaurants, bars...) and obviously touristics areas (Sacré Coeur, place du Tertre, place Bateau Lavoir) 2 min by walk to subway station Abbesses 5 min by walk to subway station Pigalle and Anvers as well  15 min by walk to railway station Gare du Nord
32394	Cosy and charming of this little studio. A real sofa bed, comfortable. 	"Welcome to this charming studio, renovated, located in a quiet street in the famous Montmartre district, near the subway (L.12, L.2) and ""street of Abbesses"", animated and shopping. It's an ideal place to enjoy the most beautiful areas of Paris. Cosy and charming of this little studio. A real sofa bed, comfortable.  You will access of the free wifi, TV, a kitchen... You can join me by phone for any questions, problems... Montmartre it's a bohem, charming quarter. The studio is situated near of the ""Moulin de Montmartre"", ""Moulin Rouge"", ""place of Tertre and Sacré Coeur"".  You can get lost in the charming alleys, you can have shopping. There is a lot of restaurants, good bakery... subway: line 12 (abbesses place, 5 min by walk), line 2 (Blanche 7-8 min by walk). You have Velib Station near of the subway, if you want visit Paris with bicycles. "
32395	Fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, induction hob). The bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine. The bedroom has a large closet and plenty of storage. Wifi and large flat screen TV.	Fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, induction hob). The bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine. The bedroom has a large closet and plenty of storage. Wifi and large flat screen TV. Bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom (separate toilet). Elevator. Meeting of passengers on arrival and at the end of their stay. La Rue Caulaincourt has all the necessary shops (supermarket, bakeries, greengrocers, butchers, cheese shops, wine cellars) and many pubs and restaurants. Montmartre is rich in cultural and historical place. A deux pas du métro Lamarck ( ligne 12) et de la Place de Clichy(métro ligne 2). Bus 80 et 95
32396	Located at the 18th district of Paris near to Montmartre, this studio is perfect for holidays in couple, family or with friends. You will enjoy the stay in this spacious apartment for 4 persons with a mezzanine and a sofa bed, an open kitchen and a bathroom.	Studio duplex with mezzanine Located at the 18th district of Paris near to Montmartre, this studio is perfect for holidays in couple, family or with friends. You will enjoy the stay in this spacious apartment for 4 persons with a mezzanine and a sofa bed, an open kitchen and a bathroom. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: na
32397	This elegant 55m2 apartment is in the heart of numerous cafeterias, terraces, restaurants and shops but is very quiet. Indeed, it is situated on the fourth floor (with a lift) and you'll enjoy the parc view and the sunset.	Montmartre, ideally located, embodies the authentic Paris. This 55m² apartment is 10 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur and near the museums and monuments of Paris. You will appreciate its brightness thanks to its clear view on the park. This elegant 55m2 apartment is in the heart of numerous cafeterias, terraces, restaurants and shops but is very quiet. Indeed, it is situated on the fourth floor (with a lift) and you'll enjoy the parc view and the sunset. It includes a relaxing lounge with sofa and dining room area. It also has a beautiful separate bedroom with double bed. The fully equipped kitchen provides everything guests might need during their stay. There is a dish washer. The toilet and bathroom are independent.  There is also a flat screen television with cable channels. The broadband WIFI internet connection is available for work or leisure purposes. We are available anytime by phone and email. This beautiful apartment is ideally located in the famous quarter of Montmartre – t
32398	Appartement idéal pour une petite famille dans un beau immeuble Parisien (ancien) .	Logement situé dans le 18 eme arrondissement de paris entre la mairie du 18eme et le marché aux puces de Clignancourt. A 5 min de Montmartre, du sacrée cœur, le quartier de Pigalle. Au pied de la station de métro Simplon ( ligne 4) ,quartier animé.  Appartement idéal pour une petite famille dans un beau immeuble Parisien (ancien) . Au logement entier, toilette,douche,cuisine,chambre et salon Disponible a tout moment Beaucoup de commerce, diversité culture et populaire et vivant.  Métro ligne 4 et 12, multiple bus Possible d'avoir un lit bébé .
32399	"Charming duplex (60m2) with a beautiful view over a garden and Montmartre/Le Sacré Coeur (5-6 min walk to Sacré Coeur). On the upper level (4th floor), there is an open kitchen, a living room, an office/kid's playroom and a small bathroom (with shower). Then on the lower level (3rd floor) there is a small bedroom (with a single bed and sleeping mat), another bathroom (with bathtub) and a larger bedroom with a double bed. The flat is quiet and bright, very pleasant to live in. There is wifi. The neighborhood is a great starting point to walk around Montmartre (lots of cafes, good restaurants around, great views over Paris and the surroundings). It's really close to Montmartre touristic area but this part is more authentic and more relaxed. Just climb the stairs leading to the Sacré Coeur and you can enjoy the best views over Paris ! There are 2 metro lines close to the flat : line 12, station Jules Joffrin  (5 min walk) which leads you to Champs Elysées, Concorde and the ""rive gauche"", "	Charming duplex (60m2) with a beautiful view over a garden and Montmartre/Le Sacré Coeur (5-6 min walk to Sacré Coeur). Bright and sunny, with view over the parisian rooftops and ideal starting point for walks around Montmartre. Charming duplex (60m2) with a beautiful view over a garden and Montmartre/Le Sacré Coeur (5-6 min walk to Sacré Coeur). On the upper level (4th floor), there is an open kitchen, a living room, an office/kid's playroom and a small bathroom (with shower). Then on the lower level (3rd floor) there is a small bedroom (with a single bed and sleeping mat), another bathroom (with bathtub) and a larger bedroom with a double bed. The flat is quiet and bright, very pleasant to live in. There is wifi. The neighborhood is a great starting point to walk around Montmartre (lots of cafes, good restaurants around, great views over Paris and the surroundings). It's really close to Montmartre touristic area but this part is more authentic and more relaxed. Just climb the stairs 
