18600		Appartement en duplex au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Typique du Marais, plein d'histoire.  A 5 min à pied du centre pompidou et du métro Rambuteau - Très central 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 salle de bain, 1 cuisine et 1 canapé lit comfortable
18601	This apartment, located in a beautiful building in the heart of the Marais district, is a large studio of 30 sqm (322 sqf) located rue du Parc Royal in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris. It has a bright living room / dining room, a fully equipped open kitchen and a bathroom. It is located on the 4th French floor with elevator. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business trip. The nearest metro stationsare Chemin Vert and Saint-Paul. The area is alive with bars, restaurants, trendy shops and the apartment is overlooking an extremely quiet courtyard with beautiful view on garden.	"This apartment is a large studio of 30 sqm (322 sqf) is located rue du Parc Royal in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris. 4th French floor with elevator, in a beautiful Hotel Particulier. This apartment, located in a beautiful building in the heart of the Marais district, is a large studio of 30 sqm (322 sqf) located rue du Parc Royal in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris. It has a bright living room / dining room, a fully equipped open kitchen and a bathroom. It is located on the 4th French floor with elevator. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business trip. The nearest metro stationsare Chemin Vert and Saint-Paul. The area is alive with bars, restaurants, trendy shops and the apartment is overlooking an extremely quiet courtyard with beautiful view on garden. - Wifi unlimited - International TV - Dishwasher -Washing machine - Garden - Sheets - Towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. The market ""marché des enfants rouges"", rue de Bretagne with"
18602		Appartement au 3ème étage avec ascenseur.  A 5 min à pieds du Centre Pompidou et à 2 min du métro Arts et Métiers.  Lit double avec cuisine, salle de bain et wc séparé.  Calme et lumineux.  Internet, linge de maison fournis, électricité inclus. Métro : Arts et Métiers – Ligne 3 et 11 – Quartier du Marais  Idéal pour visiter Paris – A 5 min du Centre POMPIDOU et 15 min de Notre Dame de Paris. Je travail à 100 mètres de l’immeuble et peux vous accueillir facilement pour le check in et check out.
18603	Very nice for couples. Calme, with beautiful garden view. Tourist area	Cosy studio in the heart of Paris with a nice view on a garden (One room 15m2 with kitchen and shower, private WC on the same floor)  5th floor ( No elevator) - Convertible sofa ( 2 pers) - TV  - High speed Wifi - Private WC on the same floor Very nice for couples. Calme, with beautiful garden view. Tourist area - Hôtel de Ville - Place des Vosges - Notre- Dame de Paris METRO : Rambuteau - Arts et Métiers - Hôtel de Ville
18604		Lovely 20 sqm room in a 90 sqm flat in the heart of Paris: Le Marais. Full furbished, King size bed (200*160). Large living room, WiFi, adorable flatmate. Close from everything, et really quiet !
18605	Located in the first floor (no elevator) of the beatiful rue de Poitou in the very attractive Le Marais area.  It includes 3 bedrooms, a large and bright living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom.  You’ll find double beds in each room : -two king-size 160x200cm -a double bed 140x190cm There is a video-projector in the main room.	The apartment of 100m², particularly bright thanks to its many windows in the living room, sleeps up to 6 people. Located in the heart of the historical Marais, it is an ideal base for exploring Paris and will make you feel at home. Located in the first floor (no elevator) of the beatiful rue de Poitou in the very attractive Le Marais area.  It includes 3 bedrooms, a large and bright living room with an open kitchen and a bathroom.  You’ll find double beds in each room : -two king-size 160x200cm -a double bed 140x190cm There is a video-projector in the main room. The accommodation is just for you for the duration of your stay.  You will have access to unlimited Wi-Fi. There is no washing machine for the moment. So, for the long stays (more than a week) we propose our services to take of your clothes. Happy to chat with you and share tips upon arrival, I remain available for questions throughout your stay. The Marais area is wonderful and so attractive with it’s many art galeries, cafes
18606	Our apartment is localised in the center town of Paris between Place de la Bastille and Place des Vosges in the Marais area (4th district). The nearest subway station is very close, 1 minutes by walking. Its situation is perfect to discover Paris by walking, with a bike or even in taxi/subway. You can stay at 4 people: there is two rooms and it's very confortable. 430 pi2  or 40 m2	Situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le Marais entre la Place des Vosges et la Place de la Bastille. La station de métro la plus proche (BASTILLE) est à 1 minute à pieds.  Appart de 40m2 avec grande chambre + possibilité lit d'appoint 2 places. Our apartment is localised in the center town of Paris between Place de la Bastille and Place des Vosges in the Marais area (4th district). The nearest subway station is very close, 1 minutes by walking. Its situation is perfect to discover Paris by walking, with a bike or even in taxi/subway. You can stay at 4 people: there is two rooms and it's very confortable. 430 pi2  or 40 m2
18607	Secured building. The apartment is very sunny, not overlooked, well decorated between modern and vintage. Perfect for 4 people, but 2 more persons can sleep on the big and confortable sofa bed.	"Charming 65m² (700sqft) flat in the heart of ""Le Marais"" at the 2nd floor with parquet & tomettes. Enjoy two spacious and light filled rooms with private bathrooms. Fully equiped kitchen open on a comfortable and cosy living room. Secured building. The apartment is very sunny, not overlooked, well decorated between modern and vintage. Perfect for 4 people, but 2 more persons can sleep on the big and confortable sofa bed. Full apartment I will be glad to welcome you and to answer all your questions concerning the neighborhood and the apartment. I will be reachable at any time. ""Le Marais"" is the typical Parisian area, but still very alive, with lots of good restaurants and bars, Art Galeries, museums Subway stations nearby : Filles du Calvaire & Chemin Vert (line 8), Saint Paul (line 1), République (10 minute walk - Line 3, 5, 8, 9), Chatelet (15 minute walk) Velib' station Bus 29 Xbox One and Vinyle Player !"
18608	Stunning 2 bedrooms apartment located in the heart of Le Marais which is the most central and convenient area.  The entire apartment has been completely renovated by a well-known Parisian architect. This property is actually a 2 storey (floors) apartment with at the 1st floor a large and bright living room and dining room. The very cozy and charming living room has a fireplace and a brand new pull out sofa. The modern kitchen is upgraded and fully equipped. The amazing terrace will make this apartment unique with a very relaxing patio to enjoy your glass of wine. Upstairs, the master bedroom with its double bed and flat screen TV and the second bedroom is actually a kids bedroom for one person which make a total guest of 6 people. There are 2 toilets (upstairs and downstairs). Kitchen: oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine, kettle, induction cooker....   The area is probably the best in town! Easy walking distance to all major attraction, restaurants, coffee places	Stunning 2 bedrooms apartment located in the heart of Le Marais which is the most central and convenient area.  The entire apartment has been completely renovated by a well-known Parisian architect. This property is actually a 2 storey (floors) apartment with at the 1st floor a large and bright living room and dining room. The very cozy and charming living room has a fireplace and a brand new pull out sofa. The modern kitchen is upgraded and fully equipped. The amazing terrace will make this apartment unique with a very relaxing patio to enjoy your glass of wine. Upstairs, the master bedroom with its double bed and flat screen TV and the second bedroom is actually a kids bedroom for one person which make a total guest of 6 people. There are 2 toilets (upstairs and downstairs). Kitchen: oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine, kettle, induction cooker....   The area is probably the best in town! Easy walking distance to all major attraction, restaurants, coffee places
18609	The master bedroom is spacious with shelving for clothes and personal items.  The living room is a big cozy space, with sofa XIX century armchairs, and a dinner space to welcome your meal at the flat.	Confortable and functional flat in the center of Le Marais - rue Vieille du temple -, one of most beautiful neighborhood of Paris. This 70m2 flat available from 1 to 4 people. Full equiped, internet, washer, iron, hi-fi music system. The master bedroom is spacious with shelving for clothes and personal items.  The living room is a big cozy space, with sofa XIX century armchairs, and a dinner space to welcome your meal at the flat. The apartment will be all yours almost day and is fully equipped, everything is organise for you to enjoy Paris and your stay in our home !  The Marais is one of the most wonderful and lively part of Paris.  The apartment is ideally situated for sight seeing, Paris' beautiful monuments at walking distance, minutes away from the Right Bank of the Seine river and Notre Dame.  All commerce around for shopping, lots of restaurants and bars.   The flat is 5 minutes away from subway ligne 1 in Saint Paul and 11 at Hotel de Ville, and one station away from Chatelet,
18610	Appartement de caractère entièrement rénové, style loft. Très lumineux, Parquet, poutres, beaucoup de caractère. La chambre donne sur une petite cour fleurie. Appartement très lumineux, idéal pour un couple mais 4 couchages possible. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire style rétro. Attention : pas de TV (on n'aime pas) ni de lave-linge (il va arriver bientôt...) . Wi-fi illimitée.	En plein coeur de Paris, dans le Marais, entre Rambuteau et Hotel de Ville, très bien situé, (proche Beaubourg, musées, resto, bars...), loue bel appartement de caractère, style loft, charmant et fonctionnel, traversant (chambre sur cour au calme).  Appartement de caractère entièrement rénové, style loft. Très lumineux, Parquet, poutres, beaucoup de caractère. La chambre donne sur une petite cour fleurie. Appartement très lumineux, idéal pour un couple mais 4 couchages possible. Grande salle de bains avec baignoire style rétro. Attention : pas de TV (on n'aime pas) ni de lave-linge (il va arriver bientôt...) . Wi-fi illimitée. L'appartement entier. Un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris, riche d'histoire et de jardins secrets. A côté du Centre Pompidou et du musée Picasso pour les amateurs d'art. Pour les gourmands, boutiques de gastronomie dans la rue Rambuteau (fromagers, Pâtisseries fines, Terre de Café, Thés mariage frères, etc) et nombreux restaurants/bars. Friperies et boutiques de
18611	22 sqm studio in the very heart of Paris	This is a 22sqm studio apartment in the heart of Paris, ideally located within walking distance of many major attractions (Marais, Centre Pompidou, Louvre...) Fully equipped bathroom and kitchen, wifi available. 5th floor, no lift! 22 sqm studio in the very heart of Paris Guests can use all the equipment in the flat (except personal belongings) Available anytime in case you need tips or help! Super central location, many bars, restaurants etc within walking distance Easily accessible via public transport (metro)
18612	Bedroom with double bed, sofa bed can sleep 2. Table & chairs for 4 Equipped kitchen with electric hobs and microwave.  Bed linen and towels provided The apartment is facing the inner courtyard, quiet and comfortable.	" 2 rooms entirely renovated,wooden beam ceiling,in a charming quiet 17th century building typical of the ""Marais"" quarter,known for its restaurants,bars and small fashionable boutiques . Bedroom with double bed, sofa bed can sleep 2. Table & chairs for 4 Equipped kitchen with electric hobs and microwave.  Bed linen and towels provided The apartment is facing the inner courtyard, quiet and comfortable. Guests have access to whole apartment I am always available and can be contacted at all times by telephone or email The Marais district with its trendy shops,bars and restaurants. Cobbled streets & buildings dating back to the 17th century. Close by you'll find the Georges Pompidou Centre, the recently renovated Picasso museum,Place des Vosges, the Carnavalet museum & much more! The apartment is close to the oldest Chinatown in Paris with its shops and Asian restaurants. Métro stations:Temple, Rambuteau & Arts et Métiers Buses to Gare du Nord, Gare de Lyon From this central location it is"
18613		I rent my 54 sq mt appartment near Beaubourg. It is calm, bright and cosy, with a big balcony (very sunny, south-west exposition, view of Pompidou museum). It is located in the very centre of Le Marais, near many transportation and shopping streets.
18614	"Welcome to the cozy loft/apartment where I lived for the last 8 years! I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. PLEASE also have a look at  my other listing: ILE SAINT LOUIS AMAZING RIVER VIEWS http://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/513757 CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORICAL MARAIS NEIGHBORHOOD... A very nice, bright,clean and tidy, newly renovated 4th floor apartment with gorgeous views on National Archives and private mansions, located in a 17th-century Marais building with old, exposed, structural beams, in a charming, very central and safe area. Located a couple a meters from the National Archives (where Sofia Coppola shot scenes of her movie ""Marie-Antoinette"" in 2006) Among the famous inhabitants of the street were Madame de Sévigné (phone number hidden)) and Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais (phone number hidden)) who lived there from 1756. The building is at the corner of two beautiful, historical streets of old Paris, with great "	"Welcome to the cozy loft/apartment where I lived for the last 8 years! I look forward to welcoming you in Paris and will do my best for you to have a wonderful experience. PLEASE also have a look at  my other listing: ILE SAINT LOUIS AMAZING RIVER VIEWS http://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/513757 CENTRALLY LOCATED IN HISTORICAL MARAIS NEIGHBORHOOD... A very nice, bright,clean and tidy, newly renovated 4th floor apartment with gorgeous views on National Archives and private mansions, located in a 17th-century Marais building with old, exposed, structural beams, in a charming, very central and safe area. Located a couple a meters from the National Archives (where Sofia Coppola shot scenes of her movie ""Marie-Antoinette"" in 2006) Among the famous inhabitants of the street were Madame de Sévigné (phone number hidden)) and Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais (phone number hidden)) who lived there from 1756. The building is at the corner of two beautiful, historical streets of old Paris, with great "
18615	Welcome to this small flat in the Marais in Paris. 3rd floor without elevator,  this studio is under the roof, when you open the door, one small space you find a bathroom cabinet and shower on your right, in front of you, you find kitchen sink, induction hob, a snack table on your left. All the dishes is available. In the second room you find real bed  for 2 people (140x190), a small table with chairs, a storage cupboard. Linens, towels, sheets are available too. Private WC are seperated on the floor just next door and shared with one person. 	    Charming studio in the heart of Marais. 3rd floor overlooking the courtyard , kitchen, shower, bed 140x190, storage. Separated toilet next door on  floor. All railway stations connected by  bus or subway directly.  digital lock, intercom, a guard.     Welcome to this small flat in the Marais in Paris. 3rd floor without elevator,  this studio is under the roof, when you open the door, one small space you find a bathroom cabinet and shower on your right, in front of you, you find kitchen sink, induction hob, a snack table on your left. All the dishes is available. In the second room you find real bed  for 2 people (140x190), a small table with chairs, a storage cupboard. Linens, towels, sheets are available too. Private WC are seperated on the floor just next door and shared with one person.  You have to share the toilets with one other people.
18616	Fun and funky, this sweet duplex in the Marais is just the spot for your stay in Paris! This 1-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor (no elevator) sleeps up to 4 guests, efficiently using all available space with two bedroom areas on two levels and the living/kitchen/dining area on the main level.    Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris!	Fun and funky, this sweet duplex in the Marais is just the spot for your stay in Paris! This 1-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floors, sleeps up to 4 guests, There's no better spot than the hip and happening Marais, at the chic Place de Voges.  Fun and funky, this sweet duplex in the Marais is just the spot for your stay in Paris! This 1-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor (no elevator) sleeps up to 4 guests, efficiently using all available space with two bedroom areas on two levels and the living/kitchen/dining area on the main level.    Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris! With Wifi, TV, and a telephone with free international calls, you'll be able to stay connected while exploring the magnificent City of Light! There's no better spot than the hip and happening Marais, with chic Place de Voges just steps away. The Marais & Bastille neighborhood i
18617	"This charming apartment is located in the historic centre of Paris. It's a 25m2 studio, close to the metro station Rambuteau (line 11) or Hotel de Ville (line 1). It is a five-minute walk from Notre Dame, Beaubourg and Place des Vosges. The newly reopened Picasso Museum and Carnavalet Museum are right around the corner. The Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées are a 15-minute ride with the subway.  Le Marais is a neighbourhood that has retained a village soul. All the small shops and authentic French ""bistros"" can be discovered on foot. Car-free zone on Sundays.  You will find everything you need down the street: a typically French bakery, a cheese shop, supermarket, primeur.. Famous for it's nightlife, this neighborhood is also perfect for art and fashion lovers, with art galleries, theaters and vintage designer boutiques.  Overlooking a garden with a fountain, you wake up with birds singing. Perfect for a romantic outing. No city noises.  You will enjoy a very comfortable queen-size bed. "	"In the heart of Le Marais. Bright 25m2 quiet studio perfect for a couple. Overviewing a garden. Metro station Rambuteau (line 11) or Hotel de Ville (line 1). Five-minute walk from Notre-Dame, Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges.  This charming apartment is located in the historic centre of Paris. It's a 25m2 studio, close to the metro station Rambuteau (line 11) or Hotel de Ville (line 1). It is a five-minute walk from Notre Dame, Beaubourg and Place des Vosges. The newly reopened Picasso Museum and Carnavalet Museum are right around the corner. The Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées are a 15-minute ride with the subway.  Le Marais is a neighbourhood that has retained a village soul. All the small shops and authentic French ""bistros"" can be discovered on foot. Car-free zone on Sundays.  You will find everything you need down the street: a typically French bakery, a cheese shop, supermarket, primeur.. Famous for it's nightlife, this neighborhood is also perfect for art and fashion lovers, wi"
18618	The appartement is quite small but well designed. It fits about 25 meters square with a balcony.	"Our appartment is located in the 3rd district of Paris, the jewish and fashion area and close to  all transports. Everything you need is there (wash machine, wifi, kitchen, bathroom, ...). It's clean and cosy. The appartement is quite small but well designed. It fits about 25 meters square with a balcony. The entire appartment  every communication tools (fb, whatsapp, etc) The neighborhood is really alive, you can find a lot of fabolous restaurant. We advice you to try the restaurant ""Le café du marais"" down the building or the jewish sandwich : chawarama in rue des rosiers. You have the metro station Rambuteau (11) at 100 meters and you are about less than 10 minutes to Chatelet which is the center of Paris (many metro lines)."
18619	Lovely studio apartment - Totally renovated in January 2010, in the heart of Le Marais, exquisite rue des Rosiers - Extremely sunny, bright and luminous, with warm colors and a beautifull atmosphere - Queen size bed from the Highest Quality - Design and warm decorations, glass table and black chairs design. - Totally quiet, with two windows Facing the coutyardview, sunny and air conditioning - Elegant modern bathroom with deep purple and silver accents  - Spacious shower with  sliding glass doors - Numerous soft towels & Professional hair dryer - Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, toaster, espresso maker, refrigerator, washer-dryer, dishwasher, cooking utensils, pots, pans, glasses and Various Additional amenities - 4th floor elevator witout (help for luggage Provided by check in / out When needed)  - Very high-speed INTERNET connection (optic fiber)  - Ccomputer at disposal  - Free international calls to 79 destinations, Among US, Canada and Europe - LCD TV with over 100 cable ch	Lovely studio apartment - Totally renovated in January 2010, in the heart of Le Marais, exquisite rue des Rosiers - Extremely sunny, bright and luminous, with warm colors and a beautifull atmosphere - Queen size bed from the Highest Quality - Design and warm decorations, glass table and black chairs design. - Totally quiet, with two windows Facing the coutyardview, sunny and air conditioning - Elegant modern bathroom with deep purple and silver accents  - Spacious shower with  sliding glass doors - Numerous soft towels & Professional hair dryer - Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, toaster, espresso maker, refrigerator, washer-dryer, dishwasher, cooking utensils, pots, pans, glasses and Various Additional amenities - 4th floor elevator witout (help for luggage Provided by check in / out When needed)  - Very high-speed INTERNET connection (optic fiber)  - Ccomputer at disposal  - Free international calls to 79 destinations, Among US, Canada and Europe - LCD TV with over 100 cable ch
18620	Ce magnifique studio refait à neuf est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon filant d'un immeuble au cœur du quartier recherché du Marais, entre Saint-Paul et Hôtel de Ville dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris.  Véritable havre de paix à l'allure moderne et design, l'appartement Les Rosiers est parfaitement optimisé sur une surface de 23 m². La pièce à vivre dispose d'un canapé convertible confortable, d'une TV à écran plat et d'un coin bureau utile pour organiser vos rendez-vous professionnels et d'une connexion Internet wifi. Le lit double bibliothèque pour 2 a été réalisé sur mesure par un designer italien. La cuisine indépendante est entièrement équipée pour préparer vos repas sur place. Une salle de douche moderne de type pluie tropicale avec lavabo et WC complète ce bien.  Petit plus de ce studio douillet : son balcon filant aménagé où vous pourrez prendre vos petits déjeuners au soleil et admirez la vue dégagée sur les monuments les plus emblématiques de la capitale : la	Studio meublé pour 2 ou 4 personnes, idéalement situé dans le quartier du Marais Ce magnifique studio refait à neuf est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon filant d'un immeuble au cœur du quartier recherché du Marais, entre Saint-Paul et Hôtel de Ville dans le 3ème arrondissement de Paris.  Véritable havre de paix à l'allure moderne et design, l'appartement Les Rosiers est parfaitement optimisé sur une surface de 23 m². La pièce à vivre dispose d'un canapé convertible confortable, d'une TV à écran plat et d'un coin bureau utile pour organiser vos rendez-vous professionnels et d'une connexion Internet wifi. Le lit double bibliothèque pour 2 a été réalisé sur mesure par un designer italien. La cuisine indépendante est entièrement équipée pour préparer vos repas sur place. Une salle de douche moderne de type pluie tropicale avec lavabo et WC complète ce bien.  Petit plus de ce studio douillet : son balcon filant aménagé où vous pourrez prendre vos petits déjeuners au soleil et ad
18621		This 20 sq meters studio is located Place des Vorges i Marais, within a few minutes walk of some of Paris’ most significant attractions like Place De Vosges, Picasso and Carnavalet Museums.  It is located on the fourth floor. It has been refurnished. Bastille metro station 100m (Line 1) Chemin Vert métro station 70m (Line 8)
18622	This magnificent 80m² apartment is located on the second floor, with an elevator, of a XIXth century building that can welcome up to 5 people.  The bright living room offers a vast surface and is very pleasant to live in thanks to modern and tasteful furniture, tall windows and a balcony overlooking the street. A large screen TV, high speed Wi-Fi and unlimited calls to many countries are available. The cosy dining room is separated wich allow to organise romantic dinners The kitchen and bathroom are both fully equipped for your convenience. The master bedroom is on the courtyard. The twin bedroom is overlooking the street with double glazed windows. The flat is really perfect to feel at home	Beautiful and cosy 2-bedroom apartment located in the heart of the Marais right next to the famous Place des Vosges. The flat is ideal for families who want to live in one of the most trendy central areas of Paris. This magnificent 80m² apartment is located on the second floor, with an elevator, of a XIXth century building that can welcome up to 5 people.  The bright living room offers a vast surface and is very pleasant to live in thanks to modern and tasteful furniture, tall windows and a balcony overlooking the street. A large screen TV, high speed Wi-Fi and unlimited calls to many countries are available. The cosy dining room is separated wich allow to organise romantic dinners The kitchen and bathroom are both fully equipped for your convenience. The master bedroom is on the courtyard. The twin bedroom is overlooking the street with double glazed windows. The flat is really perfect to feel at home Our rental agency is avaialble during your stay to help you The famous and beautiful
18623	Emplacement stratégique , a proximité du métro ligne 8 chemin vert. Superette au pied de l'immeuble à 2 pas d'une roseraie et à 5 mn de la place des vosges. situé au 1 etage d'un immeuble moderne	Au coeur du Marais, entouré d'un parc et de verdure, dans une belle residence récente avec vue sur hotel particulier classé.  Chambre indépendante moderne avec salle de douche privative et toilettes privés , serviettes, produits de douche. Emplacement stratégique , a proximité du métro ligne 8 chemin vert. Superette au pied de l'immeuble à 2 pas d'une roseraie et à 5 mn de la place des vosges. situé au 1 etage d'un immeuble moderne acces à 10 min de la Gare de Lyon en metro ligne 8 arret chemin vert ou st paul ligne 1. ligne de bus 29 arret st gilles , 20,65 arrêt beaumarchais Conseils sur le choix des restaurants ,lieux a visiter et commande de taxis
18624		En plein Marais, atelier d'artiste. Studio photo, show room...ou appartement selon la période.  Dans rue calme, à 2 pas des restos, bars, terrasses, boutiques... Les plus branchés de Paris.  Apparemment refait à neuf et ensoleillé.
18625	Welcome to my charming Parisian studio !  Cozy and bright, practical and modern, whether you're a connaisseur or architecture or not, you will appreciate its wooden beams and high ceilings, which gives the whole place a lot of cachet. With its mezzanine double bed and its comfy couch, the studio can easily accommodate two people.  The kitchenette, very practical, will offer you everything you need to cook, if you intend to, because you might prefer to enjoy the great many restaurants in the neighbourhood...!  After your day roaming the streets of Paris, you will appreciate the hot shower and fresh towels in the newly refurbished bathroom. Located in a great and lively area, appreciated by both the locals and the tourists, your future nest is nevertheless really calm, thanks to the double gazing.	"Welcome to my cozy studio ! 3 minutes away from the metro ""Arts et métiers"", you will appreciate the amazing district and its many typical French restaurants, bars, art galleries and Parisian cafés...   You will enjoy your stay for sure ! Welcome to my charming Parisian studio !  Cozy and bright, practical and modern, whether you're a connaisseur or architecture or not, you will appreciate its wooden beams and high ceilings, which gives the whole place a lot of cachet. With its mezzanine double bed and its comfy couch, the studio can easily accommodate two people.  The kitchenette, very practical, will offer you everything you need to cook, if you intend to, because you might prefer to enjoy the great many restaurants in the neighbourhood...!  After your day roaming the streets of Paris, you will appreciate the hot shower and fresh towels in the newly refurbished bathroom. Located in a great and lively area, appreciated by both the locals and the tourists, your future nest is neverthel"
18626	We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of the Marais on the first floor of a 17th century building. This aristocratic building has old world charm and modern comfort. Majestic dimensions define this superbly located apartment tucked behind the gorgeous Rue Vielle du Temple. Old wood paneling, library bookshelves and enormous floor to ceiling windows lend the main living space elegance and reflect the building's historic status. The decor is a mix of traditional French – bergère chairs, for example – contemporary and art deco that gives it immense personality and individuality. No surprise that it is the cherished home of a successful musician.  With two bedrooms and two bathrooms, the layout of this apartment is ideal for couples or families. Decorated in an eclectic style, it mixes trendy young features with traditional Parisian pieces. The master bedroom boast original polished parquet wood floors.  The apartment has two contemporary bathrooms, one with a shower and 	Charmingly tucked behind the gorgeous Rue Vielle du Temple, this spacious 2-bedroom is the ideal location to discover the City with all the comforts of home.  This apartment is truly in the heart of the Marais district and the city! We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of the Marais on the first floor of a 17th century building. This aristocratic building has old world charm and modern comfort. Majestic dimensions define this superbly located apartment tucked behind the gorgeous Rue Vielle du Temple. Old wood paneling, library bookshelves and enormous floor to ceiling windows lend the main living space elegance and reflect the building's historic status. The decor is a mix of traditional French – bergère chairs, for example – contemporary and art deco that gives it immense personality and individuality. No surprise that it is the cherished home of a successful musician.  With two bedrooms and two bathrooms, the layout of this apartment is ideal for couples or familie
18627	"40 m2 studio full equiped bathroom and toilet are separated LOCATION & DISTRICT Great location, In the heart of Marais, the flat is close to : - Museum Picasso (0,1 km) - Vosges square (0,2 km) - Bastille square (0,5 km) There are bakery, supermarket, restaurants, pharmacy in the street so very close too. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION very easy acces with : subway station : ""chemin vert"" at 300 meters Bus station : saint-Claude (line 96) at 5 meters City Bike station at 100 meters FACILITIES The apartment is full equiped with : Dining room : armchair, table, double bedroom (can be transform in 2 single beds) TV and DVD and of course WIFI Kitchen: Dish washer, fridge, microwave(grill) washing and dryer machine, and ustensiles Bathroom : hair dryer, shower, iron and iron table, towels,... DECORATION The flat has been renewed in 2012 ! It is tastefully decorated with comfortable furnitures, hardwood floors, and a luxurious shower room. RESTAURANT Chez Janou French Cuisine South of France (website"	"40 m2 studio full equiped bathroom and toilet are separated LOCATION & DISTRICT Great location, In the heart of Marais, the flat is close to : - Museum Picasso (0,1 km) - Vosges square (0,2 km) - Bastille square (0,5 km) There are bakery, supermarket, restaurants, pharmacy in the street so very close too. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION very easy acces with : subway station : ""chemin vert"" at 300 meters Bus station : saint-Claude (line 96) at 5 meters City Bike station at 100 meters FACILITIES The apartment is full equiped with : Dining room : armchair, table, double bedroom (can be transform in 2 single beds) TV and DVD and of course WIFI Kitchen: Dish washer, fridge, microwave(grill) washing and dryer machine, and ustensiles Bathroom : hair dryer, shower, iron and iron table, towels,... DECORATION The flat has been renewed in 2012 ! It is tastefully decorated with comfortable furnitures, hardwood floors, and a luxurious shower room. RESTAURANT Chez Janou French Cuisine South of France (website"
18628	Situé dans le quartier Réaumur, cet immeuble de 5 étages a été construit en 1780 et dénombre 6 appartements. La parcelle du 133 rue du Temple est de 182 m2 et compte en fait 2 bâtiments.  L'atelier se trouve au rez de chaussée, dans la cour intérieure de cet immeuble, près de la rue des francs bourgeois, marché des enfants rouges, centre beaubourg. Il a une superficie de 18 m2 et se compose : -  d'une sdb (open shower) avec wc, machine à laver le linge séchante  - d'un salon très lumineux avec kitchinette/bar et canapé lit pour 2 personnes, précision faite ici que le salon n'a pas de rideaux . - d'une mezanine avec un vrai lit pour 2 personnes L'atelier peut accueillir 4 personnes sans supplément de prix Très lumineux car composée d'une verrière de 20 m2. Jusqu'à 3,70 m  de hauteur sous plafond Ce logement est unique car il ressemble à petit atelier typique du marais du debut du 20ème siècle. Depuis les aéroports parisien prendre la ligne du RER B jusqu'à  Châtelet les Halles, puis pre	Le logement est situé en plein marais et il y a le parking Temple juste en face . si vous reserver par internet c'est 20 euros par jour Et si vous êtes à pied tout est à côté ( bus, métro, taxi ..) Situé dans le quartier Réaumur, cet immeuble de 5 étages a été construit en 1780 et dénombre 6 appartements. La parcelle du 133 rue du Temple est de 182 m2 et compte en fait 2 bâtiments.  L'atelier se trouve au rez de chaussée, dans la cour intérieure de cet immeuble, près de la rue des francs bourgeois, marché des enfants rouges, centre beaubourg. Il a une superficie de 18 m2 et se compose : -  d'une sdb (open shower) avec wc, machine à laver le linge séchante  - d'un salon très lumineux avec kitchinette/bar et canapé lit pour 2 personnes, précision faite ici que le salon n'a pas de rideaux . - d'une mezanine avec un vrai lit pour 2 personnes L'atelier peut accueillir 4 personnes sans supplément de prix Très lumineux car composée d'une verrière de 20 m2. Jusqu'à 3,70 m  de hauteur sous plaf
18629	In the center of Paris, on the 2nd floor of an old building, 50 meters from the Arts and Métiers Metro station, along the Marais, 300 meters from the Pompidou Centre. Bright studio of 27 M², with separate entrance, 140-bed, beams, floor, equipped (shower, toilet, washing machine, kitchen, microwave, TV, Wi-Fi, Iphone Dock, ...). Sheets, towels, cleaning is included. Living area, many shops, restaurants and bars. Metro and buses to 30 m from the building. It will allow you to wander off in the historic Paris close. If you ask us there and we will be happy to guide you in the discovery of PARIS. A soon.	In the center of Paris, on the 2nd floor of an old building, 50 meters from the Arts and Métiers Metro station, along the Marais, 300 meters from the Pompidou Centre. Bright studio of 27 M², with separate entrance, 140-bed, beams, floor, equipped (shower, toilet, washing machine, kitchen, microwave, TV, Wi-Fi, Iphone Dock, ...). Sheets, towels, cleaning is included. Living area, many shops, restaurants and bars. Metro and buses to 30 m from the building. It will allow you to wander off in the historic Paris close. If you ask us there and we will be happy to guide you in the discovery of PARIS. A soon.
18630		petit appartement très lumineux du coté de la nouvelle place de la République. super grand parc a 50 mètres, tout commerces accessible en bas de la maison. Il dispose de tous les conforts. Lieu serin et agréable. Très bonne accueil a tous moments.
18631	living room open to private terrace garden. fitted kitchen and toilet on the ground floor  romantic bed room with en suite bath room and toilet fantastic view of 17century castle and royal court yard from bed room window	this 55m2 maisonette situated in the small house which is part of royal garden of 17 century small castle. so mysterious specially middle of fashionable MARAIS very close to all boutiques bars and cafes and museums. dream and reality in same time living room open to private terrace garden. fitted kitchen and toilet on the ground floor  romantic bed room with en suite bath room and toilet fantastic view of 17century castle and royal court yard from bed room window Musse Picasso  fashionable rue des francs bourgeois  musée cognac jay
18632	A very obbdal way to stay in Paris. Simple, confortable and spacious.	Just near the Picasso museum, in a very beautiful 18th century building, a small loft under the roofs on the 5th floor without a lift, but the view is really worth it. A very quiet and luminous hideaway. A very obbdal way to stay in Paris. Simple, confortable and spacious. All the flat is for you If you need something I'm free
18633	Une vue imprenable sur tout Paris (Beaubourg, Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame de Paris, Montparnasse) IIIè arrondissement. Une grand canapé d'angle extensible pour regarder des films en position allongée!! 1 lit double + canapé lit (très bon matelas) dans la chambre + Canapé d'angle qui se déplie 	Deux pièces à deux pas du Marais et de Bastille avec une vue imprenable sur tout Paris. Idéal pour couple avec poss d'un enfant. Profitez d'une cuisine séparée entièrement équipée. Quartier vivant, beaucoup de commerces et de restaurants modernes Une vue imprenable sur tout Paris (Beaubourg, Tour Eiffel, Notre Dame de Paris, Montparnasse) IIIè arrondissement. Une grand canapé d'angle extensible pour regarder des films en position allongée!! 1 lit double + canapé lit (très bon matelas) dans la chambre + Canapé d'angle qui se déplie Accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement et tout ses équipements: Wifi, TV, Wii, Lecteur Vinyl, machine à laver.  Appartement mis à disposition, possibilité de se contacter et se voir si besoin de conseils, bonnes adresses etc. mais pas présent dans l'appartement pendant la location Tabac en bas, petite brasserie pour boire un verre en terrasse, boulangerie, une pizzeria extra (Grazie), un traiteur italien à tomber, plein de boutiques (Sandro, APC...), Bastille
18634	Unusual to Paris, Apartment Tournelles1 features two equally well-appointed bedrooms, each with comfortable queen-sized beds and en suite modern bathrooms! Also, our apartment is zoned so that we can legally rent it for short-term use, which is not true for many other apartments in Paris. The well-thought out layout of Apartment Tournelles1 maximizes the living spaces and, for privacy creates excellent separation between the bedrooms. We have decorated Tournelles1 with the perfect combination of style and comfort, and equipped it with many thoughtful touches, including good reading lights, a laptop computer, hair dryers in both bathrooms, etc. Read what prior renters have said about our apartment ((website hidden))! In addition to the 2 bedrooms and 2 baths, Tournelles1 features a separate tiled kitchen with modern appliances, and a light and airy living/dining room. While the many neighborhood restaurants and wine bars will beckon, the well-furnished kitchen also invites you to bring 	This beautifully renovated Marais apartment is just three blocks from the Place des Vosges and close to all that makes Paris special. Perfect for 2 couples with large bedrooms and ensuite baths. Lots of amenities (A/C, washer/dryer) with you in mind. Unusual to Paris, Apartment Tournelles1 features two equally well-appointed bedrooms, each with comfortable queen-sized beds and en suite modern bathrooms! Also, our apartment is zoned so that we can legally rent it for short-term use, which is not true for many other apartments in Paris. The well-thought out layout of Apartment Tournelles1 maximizes the living spaces and, for privacy creates excellent separation between the bedrooms. We have decorated Tournelles1 with the perfect combination of style and comfort, and equipped it with many thoughtful touches, including good reading lights, a laptop computer, hair dryers in both bathrooms, etc. Read what prior renters have said about our apartment ((website hidden))! In addition to the 2 be
18635	70sqm with balcony located 90 rue Amelot next to Les Jardins du Marais. A large master bedroom for a couple. A fully equiped kitchen opens on a large living-room on a planted balcony. An office room with an sofa bed where an extra person can sleep (add 30 euros a night). 	Sunny bright modern apartment designed by a famous talented architect. Cross the street, you are in Le Marais. 70sqm with balcony located 90 rue Amelot next to Les Jardins du Marais. A large master bedroom for a couple. A fully equiped kitchen opens on a large living-room on a planted balcony. An office room with an sofa bed where an extra person can sleep (add 30 euros a night). Whole apartment. Phone. Whatsapp. Skype. Traversez Le boulevard des Filles du Calvaire et vous êtes dans le Marais. Quartier vivant et agréable. Cross the boulevard des Filles du Calvaire and you are in Le Marais, the historical area of Paris. Everything within walking distances. Métro Saint Sebastien Froissart / Oberkampf / Filles du Calvaire. Station Velib 50m. Station autolib 100m. We ask our guest to take off their shoes : barefoot is healthy ;-)
18636		Come stay at my beautiful flat in the heart of the Marais. You will love the light in the flat all day long, the breakfast with a great view over the rooftops of Paris. The flat is typically Parisian with
18637	Our flat has the typical charm of this old parisian area with the beautiful wood ceiling. It is located on the 3rd floor and is very clear and luminous. There is one bedroom on the side of the quiet street with a double bed and another bedroom at the back with 2 single beds. We will be happy to share our flat with you. It looks like us, it is part of us. We thank you in advance to take care of it with lot of attention.	Our flat has the typical charm of this old parisian area with the beautiful wood ceiling. It is located on the 3rd floor and is very clear and luminous. There is one bedroom on the side of the quiet street with a double bed and another bedroom at the back with 2 single beds. We will be happy to share our flat with you. It looks like us, it is part of us. We thank you in advance to take care of it with lot of attention.
18638	Family rents 1 room for 1 people. Very well located in the center of Paris 11eme arr. near Bastille ( métro Chemin vert, Bastille or Saint Sabin ). It is 10 mm walk from the most trendy areas of Paris : Musée Picasso, Opera Bastille, Ile St Louis, Canal St Martin...It 's a very sunny apartment at the 4th floor with lift. We are very often at home in the evening, we would share diner with you to exchange good addresses !! The breakfast is included,( let me know what you like), we provide clean sheets and towels. There is Wifi. Please be sure to upgrade your profile on airbnb with photo and verifications before contacting us. We like to see who is coming to our home. Deposit : We require a cash deposit of 100 euros 100 % REFUNDABLE in the CHECK IN (this is to provide us with some insurance in case of key lost, breakage, theft, ...) returned at the CHECK OUT. This deposit is a transaction which happens privately between us once the booking is made. We also require a photocopy of your pass	Family rents 1 room for 1 people. Very well located in the center of Paris 11eme arr. near Bastille ( métro Chemin vert, Bastille or Saint Sabin ). It is 10 mm walk from the most trendy areas of Paris : Musée Picasso, Opera Bastille, Ile St Louis, Canal St Martin...It 's a very sunny apartment at the 4th floor with lift. We are very often at home in the evening, we would share diner with you to exchange good addresses !! The breakfast is included,( let me know what you like), we provide clean sheets and towels. There is Wifi. Please be sure to upgrade your profile on airbnb with photo and verifications before contacting us. We like to see who is coming to our home. Deposit : We require a cash deposit of 100 euros 100 % REFUNDABLE in the CHECK IN (this is to provide us with some insurance in case of key lost, breakage, theft, ...) returned at the CHECK OUT. This deposit is a transaction which happens privately between us once the booking is made. We also require a photocopy of your pass
18639	The apartment The apartment is on the ground floor of the building, adjacent to an interior patio. It has been remodelled in 2014 and has vintage furniture, carefully chosen so the elegance and the atmosphere would stand out. Layout: Living room Dining area Mezzanine bedroom Open-plan kitchen with bar Refrigerator Freezer Dishwasher Ceramic hobs Microwave “Nespresso” coffeemachine Traditional coffeemaker Kettle Toaster Mixer Food processor 160x200 cm bed in bedroom  The large modern bathroom has a tub, a washbasin, and a toilet	There is nothing better than to live like a Parisian in one of the most attractive neighbourhood of the capital. This apartment was designed for two but can accommodate two more people thanks to the sofa-bed you will find in the living room. The apartment The apartment is on the ground floor of the building, adjacent to an interior patio. It has been remodelled in 2014 and has vintage furniture, carefully chosen so the elegance and the atmosphere would stand out. Layout: Living room Dining area Mezzanine bedroom Open-plan kitchen with bar Refrigerator Freezer Dishwasher Ceramic hobs Microwave “Nespresso” coffeemachine Traditional coffeemaker Kettle Toaster Mixer Food processor 160x200 cm bed in bedroom  The large modern bathroom has a tub, a washbasin, and a toilet The apartment is located in the heart of the Marais “arrondissement”. It is a lively district close to underground station “Rambuteau”. The Marais is known for its artistic stage and its futuristic qualities. It is close to 
18640	"Our appartment is a big studio of 28m2, but we have a bedroom well delimited. Real and confortable bed. Second floor, 3 big windows with street view, and one with courtyard view, wich made the appartment very luminous and clear. Big bathroom. Kitchen with microwave and a kettle, if you want to eat at home, you will easily can.@""u^"	Sexy flat in le Marais. 100 meters from place des Vosges. Very close to the underground station of Bastille and Saint Paul.
18641	Appartment of musicians, typical of the monumental Marais, large and clear rooms, piano, bookshelf. Indoor shutters, parquet. Historical block of flats with classified handrail. 1st  floor, staggering volumes. 1 bedroom and 1 double bed in an independant part of the 40 sqm living room	"70sqm. Elegant appartment in the end XVIIIth century Marais style. 3 rooms. Bathroom and large kitchen. Situated in a quiet area in a street of contemporary art galleries, a few steps away from the Picasso Museum and the ""Place des Vosges"" Appartment of musicians, typical of the monumental Marais, large and clear rooms, piano, bookshelf. Indoor shutters, parquet. Historical block of flats with classified handrail. 1st  floor, staggering volumes. 1 bedroom and 1 double bed in an independant part of the 40 sqm living room Right in the heart of the fashionable Marais district, close to museums, very busy daytime as well as  nightlife. Picasso museum 100 yards aways, close to metro station servicing the Louvres, the Champs Elysées, etc... Nearby shopping streets : rue de Bretagne, Saint Paul. Fashion streets : rue des Francs Bourgeois, rue vieille du Temple Metro lines 1, 8 and 9. Buses 96, 20, 65. Les Halles ""RER"" station 10 minutes on foot."
18642	There is no need for an elevator since it is easy to be accessed.  The studio is very comfortable, quiet and luminous.  There is a double bed and a small single bed.  The bed room is up in the mezzanine with a king size bed and the small bed in the living room. There is a closet to put your clothes. Great for 2 people but very ideal for a family of 3 people.  Enjoy a TV with cable, DVD and free internet services. This 27 m2 studio has a kitchen full equipped ( a stove made of vitro plates, a fridge, places and chinaware, clothing washing machine and dryer etc... ). There is a table dinner for 4 people but you will be 2 or 3 people using it.  Enjoy a beautiful bathroom with a hot tub, a sink and WC It's really a sweet little nest in the heart of le Marais..	Charming apartment in the Marais. Situated in the heart of Paris , 5mn walking from the famous Place Des Vosges. Very cosy, confortable and bright located in a hold typical parisian building in private guard.  Perfect for two peoples.  There is no need for an elevator since it is easy to be accessed.  The studio is very comfortable, quiet and luminous.  There is a double bed and a small single bed.  The bed room is up in the mezzanine with a king size bed and the small bed in the living room. There is a closet to put your clothes. Great for 2 people but very ideal for a family of 3 people.  Enjoy a TV with cable, DVD and free internet services. This 27 m2 studio has a kitchen full equipped ( a stove made of vitro plates, a fridge, places and chinaware, clothing washing machine and dryer etc... ). There is a table dinner for 4 people but you will be 2 or 3 people using it.  Enjoy a beautiful bathroom with a hot tub, a sink and WC It's really a sweet little nest in the heart of le Marais
18643	Apt : 30 meters of surface.  Terrace outside : 25 meters with two design chair, and one little table to take the breakfast outside ;) Room : king size bed, one desk, one red wardrobe, curtains.  Living Room  : sofa and his meridian (for 6 pers max), big table which can be convertible to dining table.  Kitchen : electric hob, oven, and all the dishes that you need.  Bathroom : shower bath, toilets and wash machine.  Then, the area is very nice, lots of restaurants, small shops in the best streets of paris, it's LE MARAIS. All that is around Beaubourg one of the most famous contemporary art Museum in the world.  Finally, No big parties the night. The neighbors are nice but can easily heard all the sound who's comes from the terrace, so please be respectful about that.  If you have another questions or want any information about the apt or paris, please feel free to contact us :)  Best,  Hugo & Clement.	Living room : 1 sofa (convertible bed too), ventilation, and curtains. One directly  access to the private terrace outside. The summer, You open the both doors and get the feeling to lives outside.  Kitchen : Full equipments expect  Bathroom : one shower with the toilets and the wash machine.  Bedroom : bed, desk, commode
18644		Loft in the Marais  Inside a courtyard  At the ground floor.  2 bedroom (1 up the living room).  1 big kitchen.    
18645	"The studio, bright and clear, is located on the 4th floor with lift, within a modern and secure residence in the ""Quartier de l'Horloge"". Ideally located in the heart of the lively Beaubourg area, 200m from the Centre Pompidou. Easy access to all Paris. Metro Station Rambuteau or Hôtel de Ville, bus, RER nearby. Many restaurants, pubs and shops are located around the building. Covering an area of 32m², it can accommodate 4 people and consists of a fully equipped and independant KITCHEN(refrigerator, freezer, coffee maker, microwave, toaster, hotplates, oven, dishwasher, dishes and utensils, iron and ironing board); a BATHROOM with bath, shower, toilet, hairdryer, washing machine, a large LIVING ROOM with sofa bed 2 places 140x200 cm, wall bed 2 places 160x200 cm (Queen size), fan, TV-DVD, HI-FI, free WiFi, plenty of storage. The linen is provided (sheets and towels). Shutters, double glazing, solid oak flooring, central heating, 220V. "	"In a modern and secure residence in central Paris. Many restaurants and shops are located around the residence. Accommodation for 4 people. Kitchen, bathroom and a large living room. Free WIFI. Towels and linens provided. The studio, bright and clear, is located on the 4th floor with lift, within a modern and secure residence in the ""Quartier de l'Horloge"". Ideally located in the heart of the lively Beaubourg area, 200m from the Centre Pompidou. Easy access to all Paris. Metro Station Rambuteau or Hôtel de Ville, bus, RER nearby. Many restaurants, pubs and shops are located around the building. Covering an area of 32m², it can accommodate 4 people and consists of a fully equipped and independant KITCHEN(refrigerator, freezer, coffee maker, microwave, toaster, hotplates, oven, dishwasher, dishes and utensils, iron and ironing board); a BATHROOM with bath, shower, toilet, hairdryer, washing machine, a large LIVING ROOM with sofa bed 2 places 140x200 cm, wall bed 2 places 160x200 cm (Quee"
18646	Charming studio with a private garden in the best area of Paris: east Marais. Located in one of the Hotel Particulier surrounding Place des Vosges is both quite and central. The ancient Paris is th best choice for a romantic weekend or tourist plan A charming unique studio with a little private garden perfect for a romantic weekend in Paris. Kitchen and bathroom are both renovated last year, the apartment has good heating, fixe telephone and wifi. The apartment will be yours for a couple of days, so you'll have everything to feel home because it actually is a real home. All the information about Paris and the neighborhood will be of course provided One of the best locations from Paris, Place des Vosges, is both central and residential at the same time. A little super quite street gives entrance to the building and courtyard and the apartment is 200 meters from place de la bastille or place des vosgues. The apartment is in the residential part of Le Marais, which means its 10 minutes wa	Charming studio with a private garden in the best area of Paris: east Marais. Located in one of the Hotel Particulier surrounding Place des Vosges is both quite and central. The ancient Paris is th best choice for a romantic weekend or tourist plan A charming unique studio with a little private garden perfect for a romantic weekend in Paris. Kitchen and bathroom are both renovated last year, the apartment has good heating, fixe telephone and wifi. The apartment will be yours for a couple of days, so you'll have everything to feel home because it actually is a real home. All the information about Paris and the neighborhood will be of course provided One of the best locations from Paris, Place des Vosges, is both central and residential at the same time. A little super quite street gives entrance to the building and courtyard and the apartment is 200 meters from place de la bastille or place des vosgues. The apartment is in the residential part of Le Marais, which means its 10 minutes wa
18647	Its contempory interior design, comfortable bedroom with ensuite bathroom with a shower and well fitted  kitchen makes it a pleasant place to stay right in the heart of the most vibrant neighborhoods of the capital. Picasso Museum Beaubourg Hotel de Ville Métro : Rambuteau, Hotel de Ville Picasso Museum Beaubourg Hotel de Ville Métro : Rambuteau, Hotel de Ville	Tucked Away in a little street right off rue Rambuteau in le Marais District, this cute 377 square feet (35m2). 1 bedroom appartment is located on the 1st Floor (walk-up) of a small courtyard facing building. 
18648	"Location: Paris Arrondissement 4, Paris,One block from Place des Vosges.  Studio, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2) The March 2004 full renovation was updated in October 2009. This ""chambre d'hotel"" apartment on the Rue des Tournelles is just a three minute walk from the Place des Vosges, one of the most beautiful 17th century squares in all of Europe. We refer to this 230 square feet ground floor studio apartment as ""le petit bijou"" or the ""little jewel"".  The apartment was featured on the Parisian TV magazine show ""Paris Premiere"" in April 2004. The local TV Company engaged a well-known Parisian designer and produced the making of a luxury ""pied a terre"". From the demolition of the old, to the haute design of the new, it is an encapsulated history of our Parisian dreams realized. The renovation is a work of art and features a restored limestone wall, stone tile floors, a very accommodating bathroom, pastel striped painted walls, and the very hip ""kitchoo"" cuisine with stove, refrigerator, microwave "	"Location: Paris Arrondissement 4, Paris,One block from Place des Vosges.  Studio, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2) The March 2004 full renovation was updated in October 2009. This ""chambre d'hotel"" apartment on the Rue des Tournelles is just a three minute walk from the Place des Vosges, one of the most beautiful 17th century squares in all of Europe. We refer to this 230 square feet ground floor studio apartment as ""le petit bijou"" or the ""little jewel"".  The apartment was featured on the Parisian TV magazine show ""Paris Premiere"" in April 2004. The local TV Company engaged a well-known Parisian designer and produced the making of a luxury ""pied a terre"". From the demolition of the old, to the haute design of the new, it is an encapsulated history of our Parisian dreams realized. The renovation is a work of art and features a restored limestone wall, stone tile floors, a very accommodating bathroom, pastel striped painted walls, and the very hip ""kitchoo"" cuisine with stove, refrigerator, microwave "
18649	"The Marais is a favorite Paris ""quartier"". Much of the area dates from the 16th and 17th centuries, featuring narrow streets, fine architecture, boutiques, antique shops, restaurants, and cafes. Strict building laws protect its authenticity. This is where Parisians choose to wander on weekends! The centerpiece is, of course, the Place des Vosges, the purest example of 17th century architecture with its arcaded facades set around a central park with trees and benches - great for a picnic lunch! It is an easy walking distance to the Picasso and Carnavalet museums, the Bastille Opera, Ile St. Louis, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cite and much more! Take a 5 minute walk on the rue St. Antoine and you will find the best specialist food shops (baker, deli, cheese, fish, wine and more) in the very best French tradition, as well as an excellent supermarket. This is a pretty apartment, which has been totally renovated in 2002 to make maximum advantage of its 310 square feet. It features tall windows, p"	"Just steps north of Place des Vosges, on a quiet picturesque street, this building dates from around 1750. This air conditioned apartment is set around an enchanting wide cobbled courtyard with a central flower-filled fountain and shrubs. The Marais is a favorite Paris ""quartier"". Much of the area dates from the 16th and 17th centuries, featuring narrow streets, fine architecture, boutiques, antique shops, restaurants, and cafes. Strict building laws protect its authenticity. This is where Parisians choose to wander on weekends! The centerpiece is, of course, the Place des Vosges, the purest example of 17th century architecture with its arcaded facades set around a central park with trees and benches - great for a picnic lunch! It is an easy walking distance to the Picasso and Carnavalet museums, the Bastille Opera, Ile St. Louis, Notre Dame, Ile de la Cite and much more! Take a 5 minute walk on the rue St. Antoine and you will find the best specialist food shops (baker, deli, cheese, "
18650	Le quartier du marais est un village avec, à proximités, tous les commerces et restaurants les plus branchés de Paris. Les musées et galeries accessibles à pieds, combleront votre voyages culturel.	Le quartier du marais est un village avec, à proximités, tous les commerces et restaurants les plus branchés de Paris. Les musées et galeries accessibles à pieds, combleront votre voyages culturel. Le quartier du marais est un village avec, à proximités, tous les commerces et restaurants les plus branchés de Paris. Les musées et galeries accessibles à pieds, combleront votre voyages culturel. Métro, bus, taxi.
18651	The room was recently renovated. The double sofa bed is new. Microwave oven, kettle and Nespresso (website hidden) and WiFi. Contemporary style shower. Toilets. The studio is about 20m² (13,5m² for the room, 3,5m² for the shower room and 3,5m² for the entrance)	>>> Introductory price! This apartment, renovated in 2015, is extremely well located, just in front of the Centre Pompidou, between Châtelet-Les-Halles et Le Marais. The neighborhood is fascinating, lively and close to many  bus, train and subway stations. The studio is very quiet and overlooks a pedestrian area. It doesn't have a full kitchen but a microwave oven and dishes are available. Many (website hidden), Wifi. The room was recently renovated. The double sofa bed is new. Microwave oven, kettle and Nespresso (website hidden) and WiFi. Contemporary style shower. Toilets. The studio is about 20m² (13,5m² for the room, 3,5m² for the shower room and 3,5m² for the entrance) Located on the 1st floor with elevator, the whole apartment is at your disposal. The studio is located next to our own apartment (but it's independent with a separate entrance door). You will therefore be at home, but if you need anything, feel free to knock on our door! We will be happy to help, to suggest restaur
18652	Very quiet. 	This 70m2 flat is in one of the nicest area in the heart of paris (le marais) full of little charming streets and nice old buildings and museums.. The flat is full of light and is perfect for 2 couples (sofa bed and double bed) and even 2 babies !  Very quiet. Linen is provided but not towels ! If you want some, let me know, the additional fee is 10 euros for 2 towels.
18653	Ce magnifique 3 pièces de 90m2 comprend un grand salon, 2 grandes chambres, une salle d'eau avec douche et wc. Vous pourrez vous reposer grâce aux deux canapés cuir. Les chambres sont équipées de lits doubles 160x200. Les serviettes de bain et draps sont également fournis. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement entier. Les échanges se feront par mail ou par téléphone Montorgueil est en quelque sorte un petit village niché au creux de Paris. C'est aussi l'un des quartier les plus sécurisé de la ville. Situé à 50 mètres du métro Réaumur Sébastopol ligne 3 et 4 desservant châtelet et Gare du Nord (direct aéroport Charles de Gaulle ) Les entrées se font en général entre 15:00 et 21:00 Pour toute entrée après 21:00, un supplément de 30 euros sera demandé. Après 23.00, un supplément de 50 euros sera demandé. Les sorties se font à midi au plus tard	Très bel appartement entièrement rénové et décoré avec soin. Il est idéalement situé à deux pas du quartier piétonnier très prisé de Montorgueil, en plein coeur de Paris. Ce magnifique 3 pièces de 90m2 comprend un grand salon, 2 grandes chambres, une salle d'eau avec douche et wc. Vous pourrez vous reposer grâce aux deux canapés cuir. Les chambres sont équipées de lits doubles 160x200. Les serviettes de bain et draps sont également fournis. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement entier. Les échanges se feront par mail ou par téléphone Montorgueil est en quelque sorte un petit village niché au creux de Paris. C'est aussi l'un des quartier les plus sécurisé de la ville. Situé à 50 mètres du métro Réaumur Sébastopol ligne 3 et 4 desservant châtelet et Gare du Nord (direct aéroport Charles de Gaulle ) Les entrées se font en général entre 15:00 et 21:00 Pour toute entrée après 21:00, un supplément de 30 euros sera demandé. Après 23.00, un supplément de 50 euros sera demandé. Les sorties
18654	“Art Marais”, a sunny and elegant apartment in the historical Marais, just close to the Picasso Museum! Recently restored by an Italian architect, the 65 sqm (702 sq feet) apartment is on the second floor (with lift) of a nice building of the late 1800’s. In the large living room there are a comfortable sofa, an antique fireplace, an LCD Sony TV and a fascinating “table de coup” built in Paris at the beginning of the XX century. The kitchen, linked to the living, is modern and furnished of all electrical appliances (dishwasher, washer dryer, coffee machine, etc). In the two bedrooms the large beds (160X200 cm) and the refined, colorful wallpapers create a warm, cosy and relaxing atmosphere... absolutely unique! The two bathrooms, one en-suite, have got showers, one has also got a bidet. The living room and one bedroom, full of light and sun thanks to the high and large windows, overlooks the shadowy courtyard of a school and old beautiful church. During the good season and in school ho	Art Marais a sunny and elegant apartment in the historical Marais, just close to the Picasso Museum!  “Art Marais”, a sunny and elegant apartment in the historical Marais, just close to the Picasso Museum! Recently restored by an Italian architect, the 65 sqm (702 sq feet) apartment is on the second floor (with lift) of a nice building of the late 1800’s. In the large living room there are a comfortable sofa, an antique fireplace, an LCD Sony TV and a fascinating “table de coup” built in Paris at the beginning of the XX century. The kitchen, linked to the living, is modern and furnished of all electrical appliances (dishwasher, washer dryer, coffee machine, etc). In the two bedrooms the large beds (160X200 cm) and the refined, colorful wallpapers create a warm, cosy and relaxing atmosphere... absolutely unique! The two bathrooms, one en-suite, have got showers, one has also got a bidet. The living room and one bedroom, full of light and sun thanks to the high and large windows, overloo
18655	This flat features a separated bedroom, a living room with a sofa-bed, an open kitchen with a dining aera. With the confort of modern and refined furniture, and the charm of this this typical parisian building, this is the perfect choise for 2 couples or a family to spend their stay in the heart of Paris. Located on a 4th floor with no elevator. 	This charming and just renovated apartment is located in a quiet street, in the heart of the Famous Marais. Now available for monthly bookings from Nov 2015 -Feb 2016 for 2 - 3 guests. This flat features a separated bedroom, a living room with a sofa-bed, an open kitchen with a dining aera. With the confort of modern and refined furniture, and the charm of this this typical parisian building, this is the perfect choise for 2 couples or a family to spend their stay in the heart of Paris. Located on a 4th floor with no elevator. Guests will have access to Cable TV, Internet and GCH. Linen and towels are included in the price. If needed, there is parking close available for 10Eur/night as Box Prive subject to availability. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are al
18656	In heart of Marais / Arts et Metiers, a large furnished studio for up to 4 persons. A double mezzanine Bed + comfortable sofa bed in living room. At 2nd floor with elavator, quiet street.	In heart of Marais / Arts et Metiers, a large furnished studio for up to 4 persons. A double mezzanine Bed + comfortable sofa bed in living room. At 2nd floor with elavator, quiet street. In heart of Marais / Arts et Metiers, a large furnished studio for up to 4 persons. A double mezzanine Bed + comfortable sofa bed in living room. At 2nd floor with elavator, quiet street. Great young and trendy neighbourhood. Arts et Metiers metro station
18657	The apartement building dates from the 17th century offering all the charm of a typical Parisian building.  Restored to perfection, absolutely no expense or effort has been spared to make this a charming and elegant apartment for rent in a quiet street in one of the oldest district of Paris (Le Marais). Located on the 3rd floor,  with beams and charming decor. Nearby the Musée Picasso and Place de Vosges, surrounded by Art Galleries, shops, restaurants, walking distance to Bastille or Republique, Île de Saint-Louis and Notre-Dame. Easy access to all Paris. Covering an area of 63m2, it can accommodate 3 people and 1 child it consists of a fully equipped and independant KITCHEN (refrigerator, freezer, coffee maker, microwave, toaster, gas cooktops, oven,  tableware and utensil, clothes washer / dryer) a BATHROOM with shower and WC;  a Large ROOM (Dining and Living room) with a bed sofa for adult or child (70X215) and a bed sofa for children (70X163), TV, HI-FI. Free WI-FI.  BEDROOM with 	Located in a quiet street in the Marais nearby the Musée Picasso and Place de Vosges. Art Galleris, shops and restaurants. 63m2 with a living and dining room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. Accommodation for 3 adults (+1 child possible) The apartement building dates from the 17th century offering all the charm of a typical Parisian building.  Restored to perfection, absolutely no expense or effort has been spared to make this a charming and elegant apartment for rent in a quiet street in one of the oldest district of Paris (Le Marais). Located on the 3rd floor,  with beams and charming decor. Nearby the Musée Picasso and Place de Vosges, surrounded by Art Galleries, shops, restaurants, walking distance to Bastille or Republique, Île de Saint-Louis and Notre-Dame. Easy access to all Paris. Covering an area of 63m2, it can accommodate 3 people and 1 child it consists of a fully equipped and independant KITCHEN (refrigerator, freezer, coffee maker, microwave, toaster, gas cooktops, oven, 
18658	1 bedroom flat, 30m2, on the first floor of a charming parisian residential building. Location: Heart of the Marais, in a nice and quiet street. >> Central area, trendy, lively and very pleasant to walk about.  Many restaurant, bars, fashion shops and art galleries are open everyday, even on sundays! - 1 minute walk from Rue Vieille du Temple and Rue Charlot, ideal to go shopping and discover the numerous art and photographic galleries. - 2 minutes walk from Rue de Bretagne and its numerous little restaurants, and the Enfants Rouge Market (open everyday). - 3 minutes walk from the Picasso Museum and the National Archives. - 3 minutes walk from the Carreau du Temple and its restaurants: parisian brasseries Café Charlot and Café Rouge, Nanashi japanese restaurant, Omar couscous, Madam Shaw thai restaurant, italian... - 10 minutes walk from Place des Vosges - 10 minutes walk from de l'Hôtel de Ville - 10 minutes walk from Place de La République - Métros > many metro stations close by : li	1 bedroom flat, 30m2, on the first floor of a charming parisian residential building. Location: Heart of the Marais, in a nice and quiet street. >> Central area, trendy, lively and very pleasant to walk about.  Many restaurant, bars, fashion shops and art galleries are open everyday, even on sundays! - 1 minute walk from Rue Vieille du Temple and Rue Charlot, ideal to go shopping and discover the numerous art and photographic galleries. - 2 minutes walk from Rue de Bretagne and its numerous little restaurants, and the Enfants Rouge Market (open everyday). - 3 minutes walk from the Picasso Museum and the National Archives. - 3 minutes walk from the Carreau du Temple and its restaurants: parisian brasseries Café Charlot and Café Rouge, Nanashi japanese restaurant, Omar couscous, Madam Shaw thai restaurant, italian... - 10 minutes walk from Place des Vosges - 10 minutes walk from de l'Hôtel de Ville - 10 minutes walk from Place de La République - Métros > many metro stations close by : li
18659		Appartement de 75m2 au cœur du marais, fait entièrement par un architecte. Grand salon, cuisine équipée et chambre dotée d'un dressing. Oui je serai dispo pour n'importe quel question et je pourrai les aider sur leur voyage. C'est central. Il y a plein de jolies Boutiques et aussi de bons Restaurants. Metro: Saint-Sebastien froissart ligne 8 ou Arts et Métiers ligne 11
18660	"Beautifull & cosy one bedroom apartment in the heart of fashionable ""Le Marais""! Quiet location in a typical Marais backyard, no noise inside but crowded & living outside! 1 bedroom, large bathroom and neat living/dining room. Next to Art gallery, fashion week hot spots, fashion boutique, bucolic Marché des Enfants Rouges & authentic french food restaurant. You'll find here everything to discover, live, eat and enjoy (all the real authentic adresses to be provided to visitors)... Between Bastille & Republic plaza, near Filles du Calvaire & Saint Paul metro station, you'll join any famous location & neighborhood in no time! "	"Beautifull & cosy one bedroom apartment in the heart of fashionable ""Le Marais""! Quiet location in a typical Marais backyard, no noise inside but crowded & living outside! 1 bedroom, large bathroom and neat living/dining room. Next to Art gallery, fashion week hot spots, fashion boutique, bucolic Marché des Enfants Rouges & authentic french food restaurant. You'll find here everything to discover, live, eat and enjoy (all the real authentic adresses to be provided to visitors)... Between Bastille & Republic plaza, near Filles du Calvaire & Saint Paul metro station, you'll join any famous location & neighborhood in no time! "
18661	The apartment, with a surface area of 72 m2, is located on the 3rd floor and overlooks the courtyard of the residence. Accomodation capacity of 7 people maximum. There is a lift and access is secured with 2 electronic keypad codes. Fully furnished and equipped; it offers high quality services and decoration:  - With a beautiful living space, the kitchen is open to the living room -2 Rooms sleep 4 people, with a double bed and two single beds (4 * hotel quality bedding, TV in rooms) - A bathroom with walk-in shower - Separate toilet There is also a sofa bed in the living room for 2 people + an extra bed for 1 person and 2 additional cots if needed. Bed linen and bath towels of good quality are included in the amenities, and cleaning at end of stay.	Architectural gem in a private hotel in a heart of the Marais, third arrondissement. Spacious and luxury apartment, consisting of 2 rooms and the living room sleep 7 people. High quality services. Spa access The apartment, with a surface area of 72 m2, is located on the 3rd floor and overlooks the courtyard of the residence. Accomodation capacity of 7 people maximum. There is a lift and access is secured with 2 electronic keypad codes. Fully furnished and equipped; it offers high quality services and decoration:  - With a beautiful living space, the kitchen is open to the living room -2 Rooms sleep 4 people, with a double bed and two single beds (4 * hotel quality bedding, TV in rooms) - A bathroom with walk-in shower - Separate toilet There is also a sofa bed in the living room for 2 people + an extra bed for 1 person and 2 additional cots if needed. Bed linen and bath towels of good quality are included in the amenities, and cleaning at end of stay. For one night rental or more, we o
18662	Situated at the third floor of a beautiful 17th century building, this splendid 50m2 one bedroom apartment has been completely renovated and tastefully furnished this year. With its high ceilings and windows this bright apartment consists of a beautiful and charming living room, a large bedroom with a magnificent ancient parquet, a bathroom with a delightful stall shower and a kitchen with superb finishings. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people, there is a sofa bed in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom. It is equipped with a wireless broadband Internet connection, the cable TV with international channels and the telephone. For your convenience the household equipment includes a fully equipped kitchen and a washer/dryer. 	PARIS (Marais-75003) - short term rental up to 4 persons Fully furnished flat, 1 bedroom, 50 m2 (538 sqf) Situated at the third floor of a beautiful 17th century building, this splendid 50m2 one bedroom apartment has been completely renovated and tastefully furnished this year. With its high ceilings and windows this bright apartment consists of a beautiful and charming living room, a large bedroom with a magnificent ancient parquet, a bathroom with a delightful stall shower and a kitchen with superb finishings. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people, there is a sofa bed in the living room and a double bed in the bedroom. It is equipped with a wireless broadband Internet connection, the cable TV with international channels and the telephone. For your convenience the household equipment includes a fully equipped kitchen and a washer/dryer. The guests benefit of all the apartment. I will welcome you upon your arrival at the apartment to show you everything and give you the keys. I 
18663	This studio was rebuilding thanks to an amazing duo of interior's architect (Desjeux Delaye). Every details was choose to make this place a perfect cosy and stylish base to explore Paris. You will find a king size bed an couch which is also a confortable double bed, cable TV, dvd player, a brand new kitchen and a very nice bathroom.	Very nice and cosy studio in a wonderful building of the 17th century in the center of le Marais. it was made by Desjeux Delaye a duo of french interior designers. It is quiet, full of light with a great view on the historical inner courtyard.  This studio was rebuilding thanks to an amazing duo of interior's architect (Desjeux Delaye). Every details was choose to make this place a perfect cosy and stylish base to explore Paris. You will find a king size bed an couch which is also a confortable double bed, cable TV, dvd player, a brand new kitchen and a very nice bathroom. The apartment is on the 4th floor with no elevator like 90% of buildings in Le Marais. No worries, it's no pain to get up the stairs ! We will be reachable all the time and our wonderful cleaning lady is never far away. She will come to clean and make the bed every day (it's included in the fee !) to make you feel totally on vacation. You can't beat this location !  Our apartment is located in the upper Marais, in th
18664	Cozy apartment in central Paris in the Marais district, between the Pompidou Museum and the Picasso Museum, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Seine River or even the Louvre. The neighborhood is lively, full of typical French shops and restaurants; you will have everything you need within two minutes of the building. At the same time the building is quiet and has no street noise at night, so you will be able to rest quietly. The apartment is on the sixth floor of a historic building included in the inventory of National Monuments (built in 1810). The building has been modernized and has an elevator. Find the antique charm and modern comfort in a newly renovated apartment. From the apartment you can enjoy beautiful sunsets over the Paris roofs overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has one bedroom with double bed, a lounge with two individual sofa beds (in the apartment can sleep up to 4 people), a bathroom, and a kitchen open livi	Cozy apartment in central Paris in Marais district, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, Seine River or even the Louvre. Lively neighborhood with great shops, restaurants and cafés, and yet a quiet apartment with great views. Cozy apartment in central Paris in the Marais district, between the Pompidou Museum and the Picasso Museum, ideal for walking to the great monuments such as Notre-Dame, the Sainte-Chapelle, the Seine River or even the Louvre. The neighborhood is lively, full of typical French shops and restaurants; you will have everything you need within two minutes of the building. At the same time the building is quiet and has no street noise at night, so you will be able to rest quietly. The apartment is on the sixth floor of a historic building included in the inventory of National Monuments (built in 1810). The building has been modernized and has an elevator. Find the antique charm and modern comfort in a newly renovated apartment. From the apartment
18665	This is a charming apartment with its architecture typical of the Marais. Very quiet courtyard, on the site of the former convent of red children who gave his name to the famous food market of the rue de Bretagne. Ideal for visiting Paris, close to the main historical and cultural sites in one of the liveliest neighborhoods (restaurants and bars) Access: Metro line 3 and line 11 - station Arts et Métiers. A one bedroom apartment on 2nd floor: 1 modern kitchen with a table for 3 people (dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, coffee maker) 1 bedroom (TV, double bed 140*190cm) 1 bathroom with shower and WC 1 desk with computer, internet and printer. 1 living room with a sofa bed for guests if needed. Internet access free WiFi Linen (sheets and towels) provided.	The apartment is located in the third district of Marais.The Marais is one of the only areas that preserves the narrow streets and architectural styles of Medieval and Renaissance-era Paris. You could easily spend your entire visit to Paris. This is a charming apartment with its architecture typical of the Marais. Very quiet courtyard, on the site of the former convent of red children who gave his name to the famous food market of the rue de Bretagne. Ideal for visiting Paris, close to the main historical and cultural sites in one of the liveliest neighborhoods (restaurants and bars) Access: Metro line 3 and line 11 - station Arts et Métiers. A one bedroom apartment on 2nd floor: 1 modern kitchen with a table for 3 people (dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, coffee maker) 1 bedroom (TV, double bed 140*190cm) 1 bathroom with shower and WC 1 desk with computer, internet and printer. 1 living room with a sofa bed for guests if needed. Internet access free WiFi Linen (sheets and towels) pr
18666	Well served by Metro, Velib , bus, you will be less than 10 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges and the Georges Pompidou Centre. The Studio is very quiet because it overlooks courtyards and has a charming terrace . It includes a real comfortable bed with pillows and duvets. It includes a kitchen, a bathroom with tub and toilet . The studio is well equipped ( TV , Wifi, coffee machine , stove, oven, dishwasher , washing machine, coffee maker , hair dryer ... )	"Charming apartment very well furnished in modern luxury close to ""rue de bretagne"" The street is popular for its Parisian atmosphere, many shops, cafes, restaurants, and the market for red children Well served by Metro, Velib , bus, you will be less than 10 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges and the Georges Pompidou Centre. The Studio is very quiet because it overlooks courtyards and has a charming terrace . It includes a real comfortable bed with pillows and duvets. It includes a kitchen, a bathroom with tub and toilet . The studio is well equipped ( TV , Wifi, coffee machine , stove, oven, dishwasher , washing machine, coffee maker , hair dryer ... ) Furnished terrace of 6 m2 on course with possibility of smoking The neighborhood, Le Marais, has tons of cute cafes, bars, and restaurants. There's a big Monoprix 5 mins walk away, and a smaller Franprix around the corner. Lots of things to do in this area, without it being too crowded. There are 3 Metro stations within easy walk (Ar"
18667	Lovely studio, 20m², very bright. Two balconys with a amazing view ( Palais des Archives). The apartment is in the 6th floor, no elevator.	"You're welcome to this lovely studio , placed in the center of Paris, in "" Le Marais"".  You will enjoy the all equiped appartement , his 2 balconys ans his amazing view. Lovely studio, 20m², very bright. Two balconys with a amazing view ( Palais des Archives). The apartment is in the 6th floor, no elevator. Very well located, in the center of Paris, in ""Le Marais"", 1 min from the Beaubourg Museum, 5min from Place des Vosges, 10min from République and Bastillle. The district in very animated  however the apartment is quiet. Shops in the district are open every day ( including sunday ) We are available by mail or phone to answer any question. If we are not in paris, 'check in' would be done by our welcoming friends. We will leave in the flat a document wich explains all the things about the flat ( wifi laundry machine etc...) and about the area. Safe neighborhood, very good resturants all around. walking distance from many central sites. Ligne 1 : Hotel de ville Ligne 11 : Rambuteau You "
18668	3rd arrondissement (75003 Paris) - rue Saint Martin Apartment for 2-4 persons (2nd floor with elevator) - 53m^2 / sqm. Located in the center of Paris (Beaubourg / Marais), spacious, quiet and bright apartment, secured with entry code: - 1 bedroom (with double bed)  - Living room overlooking the courtyard with one double bed sofa - Open kitchen fully equiped (oven, fridge-freeze, diswasher, iron and ironing-board, large dining table and four chairs, kettle, coffee machine, toaster plus all the dishes and ustensils you may need during your stay) - Bathroom fitted with a bathtub (and handheld shower), washing-machine  - toilets separated from the bathroom  - TV, High speed internet connection (computer is provided) at your disposal Bed Linen and towels provided 	The apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Marais, a famous and historical Parisian neighborhood... 3rd arrondissement (75003 Paris) - rue Saint Martin Apartment for 2-4 persons (2nd floor with elevator) - 53m^2 / sqm. Located in the center of Paris (Beaubourg / Marais), spacious, quiet and bright apartment, secured with entry code: - 1 bedroom (with double bed)  - Living room overlooking the courtyard with one double bed sofa - Open kitchen fully equiped (oven, fridge-freeze, diswasher, iron and ironing-board, large dining table and four chairs, kettle, coffee machine, toaster plus all the dishes and ustensils you may need during your stay) - Bathroom fitted with a bathtub (and handheld shower), washing-machine  - toilets separated from the bathroom  - TV, High speed internet connection (computer is provided) at your disposal Bed Linen and towels provided Very close from most of the places of interest (5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame, Hotel de Ville, 10 minutes walk from Louv
18669		Appartement type loft dans le quartier du Marais. Cadre très agréable dans hôtel particulier avec cour intérieure.
18670	This apartment is in a great location in the city, 25 m2 on a 1st floor without elevator of a typical Parisian building. Comprises a bedroom with two twin beds 80x200 that can be joined for a double bed of 160x200, a living area, small kitchen and shower room. The windows face the rear patio which fills the space with light and makes it quiet at night.	A recently refurbished studio filled with light and feel of Paris in the center of one of the best areas, The Marais. This apartment is in a great location in the city, 25 m2 on a 1st floor without elevator of a typical Parisian building. Comprises a bedroom with two twin beds 80x200 that can be joined for a double bed of 160x200, a living area, small kitchen and shower room. The windows face the rear patio which fills the space with light and makes it quiet at night. Guests have access to entire property, towels, linen and internet are included. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at t
18671	Located at the 3rd floor	Lovely 25 sq.m studio in the heart of the trendy Marais, within 2mn walk from Picasso Museum.  Newly renovated with design furniture, calm, neat and bright. The surrounding area offers plenty of restaurants, bars, gorgeous shops and art galleries.
18672	APPARTEMENT RENOVE du 20 au 30 Janvier 2015 -  PEINTURE Refaite, ELECTRICITE NEUF et LITERIE NEUVE .... pour votre confort !!! Le temps d’un séjour – Votre appartement à Paris - F2 35m2 Cet appartement de location à Paris est composé d’un séjour/ cuisine américaine avec bar de 23 m2, d’une chambre double avec dressing, d’une salle d’eau et WC.  Le séjour comprend un coin salon avec 1 canapé convertible pour 2 adultes, une élégante partie salle à manger, un coin cuisine toute équipé avec son bar et un grand écran plat accompagné d’un accès internet. Il est situé au 4ème et dernier étage d’un immeuble neuf du XIX siècle au cœur du Marais, quartier historique préservé de Paris.  Le blanc, le rouge et le marron sont les tons qui dominent cet appartement moderne et décoré avec goût et simplicité.  Note particulière pour l’appartement avec ces poutres apparentes, il possède un charme unique typique au quartier.  La décoration de cet appartement, son charme, son calme et sa luminosité naturel	APPARTEMENT RENOVE dans un des plus beaux quartiers historiques,  En plein centre de PARIS ! APPARTEMENT RENOVE du 20 au 30 Janvier 2015 -  PEINTURE Refaite, ELECTRICITE NEUF et LITERIE NEUVE .... pour votre confort !!! Le temps d’un séjour – Votre appartement à Paris - F2 35m2 Cet appartement de location à Paris est composé d’un séjour/ cuisine américaine avec bar de 23 m2, d’une chambre double avec dressing, d’une salle d’eau et WC.  Le séjour comprend un coin salon avec 1 canapé convertible pour 2 adultes, une élégante partie salle à manger, un coin cuisine toute équipé avec son bar et un grand écran plat accompagné d’un accès internet. Il est situé au 4ème et dernier étage d’un immeuble neuf du XIX siècle au cœur du Marais, quartier historique préservé de Paris.  Le blanc, le rouge et le marron sont les tons qui dominent cet appartement moderne et décoré avec goût et simplicité.  Note particulière pour l’appartement avec ces poutres apparentes, il possède un charme unique typique a
18673		Very nice and enlighted 20m2 studio in front of the Picasso Museum. One king size bed, fully equiped kitchen and  bathroom with bathtub. Very central, 5 min to Place des voges, 5 min to Bastille, and 10 min to the River Seine.
18674	The flat is a duplex. One sofa on the 4th floor (the room is partially opened on the living room). A piano in the living room. On the fith floor a room with clic-clac double bed and another one with two single beds. Lots of toys	I rent my flat only during my holidays, from the 13th to 28th of August. The flat is therefore cheap, but I expect you to arrive on the 13th morning (or get the keys during the previous days). The flat is not 100 % tidy (kids) but very cool. The flat is a duplex. One sofa on the 4th floor (the room is partially opened on the living room). A piano in the living room. On the fith floor a room with clic-clac double bed and another one with two single beds. Lots of toys The flat is 200 meters from the Jewish Art Museum and 500 meters from the Centre Pompidou. Metro Rambuteau (closest), Arts et métiers, Hotel de ville ...
18675	One bedroom of 2 room(s), can accommodate 2 persons(s) located rue de Picardie in Paris 3ème arrondissement This arrondissement of Paris is part of the Marais, one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods of the French capital.   This accommodation has an area of 31 sqm - 334 sqft, is located on ground floor without elevator. It  located in rue de Picardie and features :  1 living/dining room,1 bedroom(s),1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, kettle, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels, television.  	Lovely apartment on ground floor with 1 bedroom and 1 living room. It's located near the Carreau du Temple in the heart of Marais. Nearest Metro Station is Arts et Metiers.  One bedroom of 2 room(s), can accommodate 2 persons(s) located rue de Picardie in Paris 3ème arrondissement This arrondissement of Paris is part of the Marais, one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods of the French capital.   This accommodation has an area of 31 sqm - 334 sqft, is located on ground floor without elevator. It  located in rue de Picardie and features :  1 living/dining room,1 bedroom(s),1 bathroom,kitchen. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access, WiFi, kettle, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels, television.  This arrondissement of Paris is part of the Mar
18676	"30M2 pleasant one bedroom apartment located in  the ""Haut Marais"", near many shops, bars, restaurants and art galleries.  The apartment  located on the 4th floor, no elevator, has two big windows  (one in living area, the other in the bedroom) which receive lots of light.  Situated on a quaint Parisian street, the apartment is equiped with a large television, confortable couch-sofa bed,  ample seating, and small entrance area. The small kitchenette area, which  is part of the living room , and contains a large, combination oven and microwave,  and well equipped for all your cooking needs.  The bedroom is a very nice size  for two people and  the room received lots of light, as well. The bathroom is quite large by European standards and features a shower and a large bath tub, as well as shelves to store your toiletries.  This apartment is ideal for couples as well as solitary travellers.  While the street is calm, the neigborhood is quite lively and the location can't be beat. Many of P"	"30M2 pleasant one bedroom apartment located in  the ""Haut Marais"", near many shops, bars, restaurants and art galleries.  The apartment  located on the 4th floor, no elevator, has two big windows  (one in living area, the other in the bedroom) which  30M2 pleasant one bedroom apartment located in  the ""Haut Marais"", near many shops, bars, restaurants and art galleries.  The apartment  located on the 4th floor, no elevator, has two big windows  (one in living area, the other in the bedroom) which receive lots of light.  Situated on a quaint Parisian street, the apartment is equiped with a large television, confortable couch-sofa bed,  ample seating, and small entrance area. The small kitchenette area, which  is part of the living room , and contains a large, combination oven and microwave,  and well equipped for all your cooking needs.  The bedroom is a very nice size  for two people and  the room received lots of light, as well. The bathroom is quite large by European standards and fea"
18677	A GREEN BALCONY, it's a treasure in the heart of Paris	We are renting a room for 1, in central Paris, (Marais, Beauboug), with private bathroom. The Flat: 84 M2 + CHARMING TERRASSE, TV, WIFI, kitchen Lot of shopping around, good restaurants/bars and bakeries. A GREEN BALCONY, it's a treasure in the heart of Paris Kitchen Balcony Living room We are very pleased to help you and to give
18678		Appartement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur Dans le village du Marais avec vue sur les toits de Paris.   2 chambres avec lit de 160*200 cm  1 canapé lit dans le salon 160*200 cm  1 salle de bain avec douche et baignoire Accès Internet gratuit Grande cuisine avec grande table à manger Wc séparé Machine à laver et sèche linge Lave vaisselle.
18679	Authentic Parisian charm in the heart of the Marais	Apartment located in the best Spot in the Marais, just a few steps from Hotel de Ville and Pompidou Museum and all the gay Marais life. Authentic Parisian charm in the heart of the Marais Trendy Central and Historic Metro Line 1 - Hotel de Ville 8 min walking distance Metro Line 11 - Rambuteau 4 min walking distance Metro Line 3 - Arts et Métiers 8 min walking distance
18680	Large double bedroom with marble fireplace available in very spacious apartment off Place Des Vosges in the Marais. It is furnished with queen sized bed, desk, dresser, armoire and features a marble antique fireplace with large french windows. The apartment (120M2) features marble fireplaces in every room, hardwood parquet floors throughout, lovely art, piano, large double french windows in all the rooms, spacious high ceilings & has a fully equipped kitchen as well as wifi internet and TV. The apartment is located on a beautiful quiet street just off of the famed Place Des Vosges in the Marais of Paris, 3rd arrondisement. Near Chemin Vert or St Paul Metro Stations.  Available also for longer term sublet - contact me for more info. 	Large double bedroom with marble fireplace available in very spacious charming apartment off Place Des Vosges in the trendy Marais. It has hardwood floors and is fully furnished with queen sized bed, desk, dresser, armoire & large french windows.  Large double bedroom with marble fireplace available in very spacious apartment off Place Des Vosges in the Marais. It is furnished with queen sized bed, desk, dresser, armoire and features a marble antique fireplace with large french windows. The apartment (120M2) features marble fireplaces in every room, hardwood parquet floors throughout, lovely art, piano, large double french windows in all the rooms, spacious high ceilings & has a fully equipped kitchen as well as wifi internet and TV. The apartment is located on a beautiful quiet street just off of the famed Place Des Vosges in the Marais of Paris, 3rd arrondisement. Near Chemin Vert or St Paul Metro Stations.  Available also for longer term sublet - contact me for more info.  Guests ha
18681	Charming studio situated in the heart of Paris in the trendy and well known aera of the Marais on rue Charlot,Paris 3rd and 4th arrondissement. It's a very hype aera full of young people and full of museums(like the Centre Pompidou or the Museum Picasso),full of little squares where you can read a nice book (Place des Vosges or along the Seine...),full of nice restaurants and nice groceries with fresh fruits and nice cheeses,and full of exciting book shops! The flat is near a few Metro stations like République or Fille du calvaire or Saint Paul or Temple! It's a very safe aera full of life and with friendly people! The studio is with very high ceilings and a huge window on first floor.The kitchen is separated from the main room.There is a little pink bathroom with a (website hidden)'s very calm and cozy place.Perefct for one person or a couple! There is a laundry machine and wifi!	Charming studio situated in heart of Paris in the exciting and Arty area of the Marais...surrounded by the Centre Pompidou,Musée Picasso,le marché des enfants rouges etc...Next to the rue de Bretagne full of nice food shops.you will love it! Charming studio situated in the heart of Paris in the trendy and well known aera of the Marais on rue Charlot,Paris 3rd and 4th arrondissement. It's a very hype aera full of young people and full of museums(like the Centre Pompidou or the Museum Picasso),full of little squares where you can read a nice book (Place des Vosges or along the Seine...),full of nice restaurants and nice groceries with fresh fruits and nice cheeses,and full of exciting book shops! The flat is near a few Metro stations like République or Fille du calvaire or Saint Paul or Temple! It's a very safe aera full of life and with friendly people! The studio is with very high ceilings and a huge window on first floor.The kitchen is separated from the main room.There is a little pi
18682	"one of the trendiest places in Paris-in the historical center of the city, close to art galleries. You can easily walk to Notre Dame, Bastille, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul, the Seine. Next to the flat, you will find many restaurants, bars, fashion boutiques, bio markets, laundry services, Velib stations-Opened 7days/7- and also the oldest open traditional market of the city: le ""marché des enfants rouges""."	"One of the trendiest places in Paris-in the historical center of the city, close to art galleries. You can easily walk to Notre Dame, Bastille, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul, the Seine. one of the trendiest places in Paris-in the historical center of the city, close to art galleries. You can easily walk to Notre Dame, Bastille, Place des Vosges, Saint Paul, the Seine. Next to the flat, you will find many restaurants, bars, fashion boutiques, bio markets, laundry services, Velib stations-Opened 7days/7- and also the oldest open traditional market of the city: le ""marché des enfants rouges"". The flat  ( 30 m2)was recently refreshed, there's a living room , a coach, a table, a hanging rail, a big bathroom with a bathtub and a shower, a small but convenient kitchen. On the third floor, this studio is perfect for a couple. A baby bed can is at your disposal on request, (no charge) and baby sitting contacts to help you fully enjoy your stay in Paris. Wifi/TV cleaning before /after Do not hesi"
18683	Hello, I am subrenting my beautiful room in le marais for short-periods up to one months. The room is perfectly located in the Marais, one of the most beautiful, historical and trendy areas in paris. You will be 2 minutes from rue de Bretagne, rue Charlot and rue de Turenne.  You will find everything you need just around the corner : bakery, supermarket, and rue de Bretagne all the typical french food shops like cheese shops, wine shop, delicatessens... a market on thursday and sunday, and of course a lot of trendy restaurants, lively bars and lovely cafés.  The area also abounds with fashion shops, galleries, monuments, museums...  The flat is 50sm and my room is 18sm and fully furnished. Kitchen with 4 hot plates, oven, micro wave, citrus press, toaster, coffee machine, tea kettle, juicer, blender, mixer Toilet and bath room are separate.  Internet is also available.  Sheets and towels are provided. You are welcome to come and visit the room or contact me for any questions. have fun,	Hello, I am subrenting my beautiful room in le marais for short-periods up to one months. The room is perfectly located in the Marais, one of the most beautiful, historical and trendy areas in paris. You will be 2 minutes from rue de Bretagne, rue Charlot and rue de Turenne.  You will find everything you need just around the corner : bakery, supermarket, and rue de Bretagne all the typical french food shops like cheese shops, wine shop, delicatessens... a market on thursday and sunday, and of course a lot of trendy restaurants, lively bars and lovely cafés.  The area also abounds with fashion shops, galleries, monuments, museums...  The flat is 50sm and my room is 18sm and fully furnished. Kitchen with 4 hot plates, oven, micro wave, citrus press, toaster, coffee machine, tea kettle, juicer, blender, mixer Toilet and bath room are separate.  Internet is also available.  Sheets and towels are provided. You are welcome to come and visit the room or contact me for any questions. have fun,
18684	Situated in the best area of Paris, Haut Marais, close to all the art galleries, hype shops, cafes and bars, this perfect apartment for a parisian stay is also walking distance to Marché des Enfants Rouges and Musée Pompidou 	Perfect location in Haut Marias next to rue de Bretagne, rue des Archives and rue du Temple luminous and quiet apartment like a house of 70sq meters in a XVIIth century building. Situated in the best area of Paris, Haut Marais, close to all the art galleries, hype shops, cafes and bars, this perfect apartment for a parisian stay is also walking distance to Marché des Enfants Rouges and Musée Pompidou  You have your own private entrance to the apartment inside the building court. In the 1st floor there are 2 bedrooms and one bathroom, one double bed and the second with a fold out couch, there is also an additional sofa bed in the living room. The apartment is fully equiped with all aménities and has washing machine and drying machine, tv, cable, high speed cable internet and wifi I will gladly share with you my favorite adresses in the area and all around Paris Direct from the Airport to Chatelet/Les Halles with RER B, from there it is a few blocs so you can go either walking or take li
18685	Bright, the apartment offers a nice view on the Portefoin street. Tastefully furnished, it is located on the 3rd floor and served by a beautiful staircase which dates back from the 17th century. Lumineux, l’appartement offre une jolie vue dégagée sur la rue Portefoin. Meublé avec goût, il est situé au 3ème étage et desservi par un bel escalier du 17ème siècle.	Rue des Archives, in the historic area of the Marais, this apartment is renovated and cozy with its library and woodwork. I work in Paris and live there during the week and trust you can keep it well for the weekend! Bright, the apartment offers a nice view on the Portefoin street. Tastefully furnished, it is located on the 3rd floor and served by a beautiful staircase which dates back from the 17th century. Lumineux, l’appartement offre une jolie vue dégagée sur la rue Portefoin. Meublé avec goût, il est situé au 3ème étage et desservi par un bel escalier du 17ème siècle. Je vous laisse l'accès à tout l'appartement, qui dispose d'une porte blindée, d'une cuisine équipée, avec four, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge, d'une salle de douche avec pommeau au plafond et de toilettes séparées. Je serai là pour vous donner les clefs, et vous pourrez m'appeler pour tout besoin. Je loue pour le week end entier, selon les dates du jeudi ou du vendredi jusqu'au dimanche en fin d'après midi. Durées lon
18686	C'est un appartement typique du Marais; charmant, avec poutres apparentes et vue sur les toits de Paris. 	You'll be in the center of Paris, near the older (and lovely) market of the city, le Marché des Enfants Rouges, and the Picasso Museum. You can walk or bike and still be on lovely places (Saint Louis Island at 20 min walking, Beaubourg at 10 !) The person who will give you the keys, could answer to your logistic or touristic
18687	This apartment is located just in the center of Paris, in the Marais district.  At a strategic crossroad, just 4 minutes walking distance from Centre Pompidou, not far from Place des Vosges, Place des Victoires , Musée Picasso or Notre Dame de Paris. You can enjoy the shopping in rue des Francs Bourgeois, rue Vieille du temple or rue Charlot with its trendy boutiques just near the apartment… You would share a real French life in shopping your fresh vegetables and fruits at “Les Enfants Rouges” market on rue de Bretagne. There is a lovely park with a playground to entertain your kids just nearby. This 70 square meters, two bedrooms apartment is charming, comfortable and very cozy. It has been lovingly decorated with taste, beautiful paintings, old pictures, sculptures and wooden floors. You will really feel at home because nothing is missing for your comfort. The wood beams in the kitchen and the old stones are keeping all of its old character. You can appreciate some antique pieces gat	This apartment is located just in the center of Paris, in the Marais district.  At a strategic crossroad, just 4 minutes walking distance from Centre Pompidou, not far from Place des Vosges, Place des Victoires , Musée Picasso or Notre Dame de Paris. You can enjoy the shopping in rue des Francs Bourgeois, rue Vieille du temple or rue Charlot with its trendy boutiques just near the apartment… You would share a real French life in shopping your fresh vegetables and fruits at “Les Enfants Rouges” market on rue de Bretagne. There is a lovely park with a playground to entertain your kids just nearby. This 70 square meters, two bedrooms apartment is charming, comfortable and very cozy. It has been lovingly decorated with taste, beautiful paintings, old pictures, sculptures and wooden floors. You will really feel at home because nothing is missing for your comfort. The wood beams in the kitchen and the old stones are keeping all of its old character. You can appreciate some antique pieces gat
18688	Deux pièces de standing pouvant accueillir 4 personnes avec 2 couchages dans un immeuble récent et calme, dispose de tous les équipements pour un grand confort.  Situé au cœur du Marais, vous êtes à deux pas des nombreuses places, musées, commerces et restaurants. 	Magnifique deux pièces très clair, accueillant et confortable, entièrement refait à neuf avec cuisine équipée, au cœur de Paris dans une rue très animée.  Situé au 5ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur pour un maximum de 4 personnes à proximité des lignes 1 et 11 du métro et des musées.  Deux pièces de standing pouvant accueillir 4 personnes avec 2 couchages dans un immeuble récent et calme, dispose de tous les équipements pour un grand confort.  Situé au cœur du Marais, vous êtes à deux pas des nombreuses places, musées, commerces et restaurants. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble des équipements compris dans l'appartement. Ils sont mis à votre disposition pour vous procurer un grand confort et vous donner le sentiment de vous sentir chez vous. L'appartement est doté  d'un micro onde,  d'un four,  d'un réfrigérateur,  d'un lave-vaisselle,  d'un lave-linge,  d'une machine à café,  d'un grille pain,  d'une bouilloire,  d'un sèche cheveux,  d'une centrale vapeur,  d'un étendoir,  d'une table à 
18689	"This quiet apartment with geometric architecture so typical of the 17th century and its 3m50 high ceiling is just nearby Place des Vosges, in the center of Paris. On the 1st floor of a typical 17th century building of Le Marais (no elevator), this 25m2 studio  is ideally located in the heart of Paris. A beautiful room with old oak flooring, decorated with vintage and contemporary furniture and a double bed. A large window opens on a quiet street where are the most advanced contemporary art galleries. Picasso Museum is just down the street.  A fully equiped kitchenette (fridge, microwave, electric hob, toaster, kettle and Nespresso machine…) and a real bathroom with bathtub everything in white tiles. WC are separate.  Television and high-speed Internet access wifi included.  Sheets and towels are supplied. This eclectic neighborhood of Paris called Haut Marais (English NOMA , North of Marais ) is a kind of ""Village"" . A mix of « Hôtels Particuliers » of the 17th century and gourmet plac"	Located in the heart of Le Marais, 50mtr from Picasso Museum, this studio is very close from the Place des Vosges. The Pompidou Centre and the Ile Saint Louis are not far to walk and the Louvre museum is 10 mn by subway. An ideal location          This quiet apartment with geometric architecture so typical of the 17th century and its 3m50 high ceiling is just nearby Place des Vosges, in the center of Paris. On the 1st floor of a typical 17th century building of Le Marais (no elevator), this 25m2 studio  is ideally located in the heart of Paris. A beautiful room with old oak flooring, decorated with vintage and contemporary furniture and a double bed. A large window opens on a quiet street where are the most advanced contemporary art galleries. Picasso Museum is just down the street.  A fully equiped kitchenette (fridge, microwave, electric hob, toaster, kettle and Nespresso machine…) and a real bathroom with bathtub everything in white tiles. WC are separate.  Television and high-speed
18690	The apartment has been renovated in 2013 and decorated with taste and love.  The bedroom features a queen-size bed, with a window view over Paris rooftops and a courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, a mini freezer, a microwave/oven, a toaster, a kettle, a clothing washing machine, etc. The bathroom features a shower, toilets and a sink.	Beautiful 40m2 apartment  fully renovated in 2013. The apartment has been renovated in 2013 and decorated with taste and love.  The bedroom features a queen-size bed, with a window view over Paris rooftops and a courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, a mini freezer, a microwave/oven, a toaster, a kettle, a clothing washing machine, etc. The bathroom features a shower, toilets and a sink. Like most of the 17th century buildings located in the neighborhood, there is no elevator to access the apartment.  The apartment is on the 5th floor (6th in the US).  Guests have access to the whole apartment. As I am often away for professional reasons, a friend of mine will take care of you during your stay.  Prior to your arrival, I will send you an email with all the information you might need to make your stay a pleasant one. I will also include some tips and my favorite addresses in the neighborhood ! The apartment is located at the very heart of the historical district, Le Mara
18691	C'est un duplex de 85m2 au dernier étage, avec deux terrasses d'une surface totale de 60m2 donnant plein sud. Elles sont arborées et équipées d'une table et de 5 chaises, d'un salon de jardin et de transats. Le petit immeuble de style Eiffel est logé dans un jardin intérieur . Il  y règne donc un calme olympien. L'immeuble est doté d'un ascenseur et l'appartement a tous les équipements modernes nécessaires. Il y a deux chambres doubles ( dont une donne sur la 2ème terrasse), ayant chacune leur salle de bain. Une cuisine de 15 m2 équipée, donnant sur la grande terrasse. Le canapé d'angle du salon fait deux mètres et peut aussi être utilisé comme un lit double très confortable. Ainsi, il peut accueillir 4 adultes et 2 enfants. La totalité de l'appartement donne sur les terrasses qui sont accessibles par des portes fenêtres.	Au coeur du Marais, passez une porte cochère, traversez une belle cour pavée et un jardin verdoyant, levez la tête, vous y êtes! A l'abri du bruit et des regards, au dernier étage, se trouve notre duplex avec deux  chambres et deux terrasses arborées C'est un duplex de 85m2 au dernier étage, avec deux terrasses d'une surface totale de 60m2 donnant plein sud. Elles sont arborées et équipées d'une table et de 5 chaises, d'un salon de jardin et de transats. Le petit immeuble de style Eiffel est logé dans un jardin intérieur . Il  y règne donc un calme olympien. L'immeuble est doté d'un ascenseur et l'appartement a tous les équipements modernes nécessaires. Il y a deux chambres doubles ( dont une donne sur la 2ème terrasse), ayant chacune leur salle de bain. Une cuisine de 15 m2 équipée, donnant sur la grande terrasse. Le canapé d'angle du salon fait deux mètres et peut aussi être utilisé comme un lit double très confortable. Ainsi, il peut accueillir 4 adultes et 2 enfants. La totalité de
18692	"Thank you to contact me before sending an inquiry : ""CONTACT HOST"" ------------------------  THE STUDIO  ------------------------ Welcome to my centrally located studio in le MARAIS! This is my own apt that i rent out sometimes (during week end or when i am travelling). Thank you to treat my apt like your own :) Small (20m²/215p²) but charming, furnished, with a nice view and ideally located. The room has just been renovated. It can accomodate 1 person, eventually 2. Typically parisian studio (exposed beams, high ceiling), practically arranged, comfortable and cosy. No lift. NO SMOKING APT Bed- The bed is not big : the wide is 1,10m (this is more narrow than a 2 psons size, but bigger than a 1 person size). There is a chair bed (called chauffeuse in french) for 1 person as well Kitchen/bathroom- The kitchen is small but practical and furnished (microwave, 2 electric hobs, fridge). The dining table is in the room. The bathroom is comfy with a bathtub, WC, heater. Linens and towels are p"	"Thank you to contact me before sending an inquiry : ""CONTACT HOST"" ------------------------  THE STUDIO  ------------------------ Welcome to my centrally located studio in le MARAIS! This is my own apt that i rent out sometimes (during week end or when i am travelling). Thank you to treat my apt like your own :) Small (20m²/215p²) but charming, furnished, with a nice view and ideally located. The room has just been renovated. It can accomodate 1 person, eventually 2. Typically parisian studio (exposed beams, high ceiling), practically arranged, comfortable and cosy. No lift. NO SMOKING APT Bed- The bed is not big : the wide is 1,10m (this is more narrow than a 2 psons size, but bigger than a 1 person size). There is a chair bed (called chauffeuse in french) for 1 person as well Kitchen/bathroom- The kitchen is small but practical and furnished (microwave, 2 electric hobs, fridge). The dining table is in the room. The bathroom is comfy with a bathtub, WC, heater. Linens and towels are p"
18693	"As you can see on the pictures this is a lovely flat in the trendy and historical area of Le Marais, the perfect location. This is the best part of Paris and if you need some advise, I will help you to make your trip easy and comfortable. The apartment is big and very cozy, your bedroom is quiet so you can sleep very well, you have your own privacy in a nice and comfortable bedroom.   There is 2 BDR in the apartment, I subrent one bedroom inside the flat.  Disctrict : Paris 3ème, Le Marais, Marché des Enfants Rouges Surface :90 m2  BDR with double beds: 2 Rooms: 3 Free wifi  LCD plasma  Bathroom ( with real bath) + towels  Hairdryer  Washing machine with dryer Kitchen with a fridge + micro wave Dish washing machine  I will be happy to welcome you in my beautiful place in the very heart of ""Le Marais"". You will find shops, restaurants, bars, subway stations, museum, beautiful and youg people to party day and night, jardins and quai de Seine, bread and wine,... The flat is the ideal loca"	The apartment is located between the famous rue de Bretagne and the beautiful Marché des Enfants Rouges. Perfect location for visiting Paris monuments, museums, fashion shows, art&design fairs or cultural events taking place in the center of Paris. As you can see on the pictures this is a lovely flat in the trendy and historical area of Le Marais, the perfect location. This is the best part of Paris and if you need some advise, I will help you to make your trip easy and comfortable. The apartment is big and very cozy, your bedroom is quiet so you can sleep very well, you have your own privacy in a nice and comfortable bedroom.   There is 2 BDR in the apartment, I subrent one bedroom inside the flat.  Disctrict : Paris 3ème, Le Marais, Marché des Enfants Rouges Surface :90 m2  BDR with double beds: 2 Rooms: 3 Free wifi  LCD plasma  Bathroom ( with real bath) + towels  Hairdryer  Washing machine with dryer Kitchen with a fridge + micro wave Dish washing machine  I will be happy to welcom
18694	L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble typique du quartier . Après ce petit effort, vous êtes chez vous ! Très lumineux, le salon se transforme en chambre! La cuisine est entièrement équipée ! Au bout du couloir, la salle d'eau comportant douche et wc. The apartment is located on the 5th floor without elevator of a typical building of the area. After this little effort, you are home! Very bright, the living room becomes a room! The kitchen is fully equipped! Down the hall, the bathroom with shower and toilet.	"In the heart of the mytical ""Marais"" next to Pompidou, this studio"
18695	I’m really happy to propose my friend Craig’s extraordinary cosy retreat.  Working as author between Paris and Los Angeles he’s going to let you enjoy his excellent french home while he’s away and I’ll be delighted to welcome you !  Located in a unique trendy and peaceful quarter of Paris, you’ll enjoy to rest in a cocoon over the roofs of the city in an totally quiet and extremely luminous place. Be just aware that there is NO LIFT and the stairs are quite a hike ... So don't forget your french bread before you reach your home !!!	A unique love nest at the top of a six story building in the middle af the trendy upper Marais. Enjoy the relaxed atmosphere of a quiet corner in the creative heart of Paris !.. Full of designers, organic food shops, trendy brands and outdoor markets I’m really happy to propose my friend Craig’s extraordinary cosy retreat.  Working as author between Paris and Los Angeles he’s going to let you enjoy his excellent french home while he’s away and I’ll be delighted to welcome you !  Located in a unique trendy and peaceful quarter of Paris, you’ll enjoy to rest in a cocoon over the roofs of the city in an totally quiet and extremely luminous place. Be just aware that there is NO LIFT and the stairs are quite a hike ... So don't forget your french bread before you reach your home !!! I'll be in touch with you and we'll meet up outside the adress to walk up and get you settled (I might even help you with luggage ;) The neighboorhood is very cool, safe & relax and the quarter is a totally peac
18696	In one of the hypest area of Paris, just off the Marais, close to the Cirque d'Hiver and many restaurants and bars (exact address Passage Saint Sebastien).  The apartment is ideally located to visit Paris. The closest metro stop is Saint Sebastien Froissart (line 8) less than 100m from the building. Walking distance from many hot spots: Bastille (less than 10min), Republique (5min), Hotel de Ville / Cenre Pompidou (15min), Notre-Dame (25min) and for the Marais...you just need to cross the street.  The building itself is quite old but the apartment has recently been renovated. 5th floor, no elevator, full of light, it is approx 28 m2, on 2 floors (one under the roof). It is a typical nice and fully furnished parisian studio (wooden floor, plasma TV, cable, wi-fi, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso machine). It is composed of a living room / kitchen and a bathroom on the first floor, a mezzanine with sofa / TV, and a second mezzanine with a bed (just under the roof).  The apartment i	The apartment has everything you need. Ideal location, very nice neighbourhood (lots of restaurants and bars), very quiet street In one of the hypest area of Paris, just off the Marais, close to the Cirque d'Hiver and many restaurants and bars (exact address Passage Saint Sebastien).  The apartment is ideally located to visit Paris. The closest metro stop is Saint Sebastien Froissart (line 8) less than 100m from the building. Walking distance from many hot spots: Bastille (less than 10min), Republique (5min), Hotel de Ville / Cenre Pompidou (15min), Notre-Dame (25min) and for the Marais...you just need to cross the street.  The building itself is quite old but the apartment has recently been renovated. 5th floor, no elevator, full of light, it is approx 28 m2, on 2 floors (one under the roof). It is a typical nice and fully furnished parisian studio (wooden floor, plasma TV, cable, wi-fi, washing machine, dishwasher, Nespresso machine). It is composed of a living room / kitchen and a b
18697	"Lovely apartment in the heart of the city  located in the district of Montorgueil (2nd). It is very convenient for families as it can easily accommodate up to 4 people (bedroom upstairs with double bed & living room downstairs with dinner table / couch that folds into a double bed).  A real ""Parisian"" tiny kitchen but all you need to prepare a lovely meal. With the rooms facing west and windows in every room, it is a very bright apartment. It is also very quiet. The interior is elegant. Available for rent short term in Paris ( 2 days to two weeks )  You are within walking distance of many cafes, bars , restaurants, bookstores and shops. The incredible Rue Montorgueil and its wide variety of fresh produce, pastries, cafes and bars, is just around the corner.  The Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, Centrum George Pompidou, the Opéra and the Marais district are all within walking distance.  Close to many subway stations (Chatelet- Les Halles / Sentier / Etienne Marcel) that will take you dire"	"Lovely apartment in the heart of the city  located in the district of Montorgueil (2nd). It is very convenient for families as it can easily accommodate up to 4 people (bedroom upstairs with double bed & living room downstairs with dinner table / couch that folds into a double bed).  A real ""Parisian"" tiny kitchen but all you need to prepare a lovely meal. With the rooms facing west and windows in every room, it is a very bright apartment. It is also very quiet. The interior is elegant. Available for rent short term in Paris ( 2 days to two weeks )  You are within walking distance of many cafes, bars , restaurants, bookstores and shops. The incredible Rue Montorgueil and its wide variety of fresh produce, pastries, cafes and bars, is just around the corner.  The Louvre, the Tuileries Gardens, Centrum George Pompidou, the Opéra and the Marais district are all within walking distance.  Close to many subway stations (Chatelet- Les Halles / Sentier / Etienne Marcel) that will take you dire"
18698	"Charming renovated studio of 12 m2 in the heart of the Marais. I just proceed to some work modification in order to make it like a cocoon and don't have any neigbhor noise to distrub you the studio is  located in the beautiful street Pastourelle ""The quiet and attractive Marais without the noise of the parisian crazy night ..!"" Located on the 6th floor with elevator, this studio can accommodate 2 people. (A sofa bed High end ""night permante"" 190x140cm) It is equipped with a microwave multifontion, a kettle, and a Nespresso  coffee maker and a fridge (2 Nespresso capsules free) There is also an LCD and Internet / WIFI. Located in the heart of Paris in the historic Marais district, you can do everything on foot. Notre-Dame, Beaubourg, Bastille, Place des Vosges, St. Paul ... At the foot of the building you will find a Velib station and Auto lib (car or bike rental) If you come by car public parking is available 20 meters from the building Many restaurants, bars, shops are near Open 7/7 d"	"Charming renovated studio of 12 m2 in the heart of the Marais. I just proceed to some work modification in order to make it like a cocoon and don't have any neigbhor noise to distrub you the studio is  located in the beautiful street Pastourelle ""The quiet and attractive Marais without the noise of the parisian crazy night ..!"" Located on the 6th floor with elevator, this studio can accommodate 2 people. (A sofa bed High end ""night permante"" 190x140cm) It is equipped with a microwave multifontion, a kettle, and a Nespresso  coffee maker and a fridge (2 Nespresso capsules free) There is also an LCD and Internet / WIFI. Located in the heart of Paris in the historic Marais district, you can do everything on foot. Notre-Dame, Beaubourg, Bastille, Place des Vosges, St. Paul ... At the foot of the building you will find a Velib station and Auto lib (car or bike rental) If you come by car public parking is available 20 meters from the building Many restaurants, bars, shops are near Open 7/7 d"
18699	The flat is quite big for a studio. All renovated so he has a modern aspect. It is charming and calm. A real parisian flat ! The building is typical from the old parisian building.	English My apartment is very bright during the day and calm It’s fully furnished with everything you might need to have a pleasant stay: fridge, microwave, boiler, washing machine, a dishwasher, hair dry The flat is quite big for a studio. All renovated so he has a modern aspect. It is charming and calm. A real parisian flat ! The building is typical from the old parisian building. Thank you very much for your reservation,Those are all the informations that you need for your arrival ! As it is describe on the site, you can arrive in the studio at 1pm and you’ll have to leave the room at 11am. If your arrival or departure, is early in the morning or late in the day, you can leave your luggage at city locker : (website hidden)_langue=en It is 6 min walking from the apartment. you have on the site the address and the map. ADRESSE : 23 rue de Poitou 75003 Paris Métro : Fille du Calvaire ( Line 8 ) First CODE : 01503 Second CODE : 0 01503 (The first 0 doesn't appear on the screen) Those cod
18700	"lovely one bedroom apartment - floor area 50m² - 3rd floor no elevator. In the center of Marais, Place du Carreau du Temple, just near ""Marché des enfants rouges"".  bedroom overlooking the courtyard. kitchen quite spacious. station Temple or République If you are a family I rent too a apartment for 3 people on the same floor! you are independant but just near"	"lovely one bedroom apartment - floor area 50m² - 3rd floor no elevator. In the center of Marais, Place du Carreau du Temple, just near ""Marché des enfants rouges"".  bedroom overlooking the courtyard. kitchen quite spacious. station Temple or République If you are a family I rent too a apartment for 3 people on the same floor! you are independant but just near"
18701	Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the heart of Paris with museums, art galleries, trendy boutique shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this architect-designed apartment is a true gem. It is located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, on the 2nd floor (European standards) with an elevator in a beautiful building with windows on private quiet courtyard and the street. The apartment has a fully-equipped kitchen, spacious modern bathroom, and full-sized clothes washing machine. Modern and design bathroom is going to amaze you. beautifull lights and fully equiped, hairdryer available. Toilets in the bathroom and separate toilets in the entrance. The high quality bedding of the master bedroom is a queen size bed  and white pressed linens provide very comfortable sleeping in the bedroom, while two sofas can be accomodate for two people in the living room , and a second bedroom for two people with tw	A beautiful two bedrooms apartment in the heart of the Marais that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator, rare in this neighborhood. A perfect location to start your perfect holidays! Located in one of the most fashionable areas of the heart of Paris with museums, art galleries, trendy boutique shopping, historical architecture and beautiful parks at your doorstep, this architect-designed apartment is a true gem. It is located in the heart of the city, in the oldest and best preserved neighborhood in Paris, on the 2nd floor (European standards) with an elevator in a beautiful building with windows on private quiet courtyard and the street. The apartment has a fully-equipped kitchen, spacious modern bathroom, and full-sized clothes washing machine. Modern and design bathroom is going to amaze you. beautifull lights and fully equiped, hairdryer available. Toilets in the bathroom and separate toilets in the entrance. The high quality bedding of the 
18702	STANDING In a 17th century building secured by an intercom and without a lift, this Paris apartment has the exceptional charm of old buildings: hexagonal tiles, wooden ceiling beams, stone walls etc. Very authentic and quiet apartment from where you will really enjoy Paris. LAYOUT This apartment to rent in Paris has a large living room, equipped with a sofa bed, which allows two further people to sleep there, and a nice fireplace. The kitchen is open on this room and comes fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed and lots of space to store your belongings. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bathtub. The toilet is in here and is not separate. This apartment will perfectly suit a couple, with or without children, who want to enjoy the city and Le Marais from a quiet, nice and roomy Paris rental. 	Very authentic and quiet apartment to rent in Paris from where you will greatly enjoy the city and all it has to offer. You will feel like you are living in a little French village while in the centre of the capital city. STANDING In a 17th century building secured by an intercom and without a lift, this Paris apartment has the exceptional charm of old buildings: hexagonal tiles, wooden ceiling beams, stone walls etc. Very authentic and quiet apartment from where you will really enjoy Paris. LAYOUT This apartment to rent in Paris has a large living room, equipped with a sofa bed, which allows two further people to sleep there, and a nice fireplace. The kitchen is open on this room and comes fully equipped. The bedroom has a double bed and lots of space to store your belongings. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom and has a bathtub. The toilet is in here and is not separate. This apartment will perfectly suit a couple, with or without children, who want to enjoy the city and Le 
18703	(please ask for english commentaries) A deux pas du métro Saint Paul et de la Seine, appartement idéalement situé pour découvrir la capitale et toutes ses activités.  La Cathédrale Notre Dame, le Centre Pompidou, la Place des Vosges, l'Opéra Bastille, le quartier Saint-Michel ou encore l’île Saint Louis vous seront accessibles à pied en moins de 10 minutes, tandis que sa situation centrale vous permettra de vous déplacer facilement partout dans Paris. Le quartier du Marais est un des plus animés de la Ville et vous aurez du mal à choisir entre ses innombrables restaurants, bars, boutiques tout en vous promenant dans ses rues chargées d'histoire. La terrasse vous permettra de profiter d'une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, pour vous reposer, prendre un verre, dîner entre amis ou tout simplement admirer le coucher de soleil. N'hésitez pas à demander d'autres précisions.	En plein cœur du quartier historique et central du Marais, ce studio tout équipé et sa grande terrasse sur les toits de Paris vous donneront tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un séjour inoubliable (please ask for english commentaries) A deux pas du métro Saint Paul et de la Seine, appartement idéalement situé pour découvrir la capitale et toutes ses activités.  La Cathédrale Notre Dame, le Centre Pompidou, la Place des Vosges, l'Opéra Bastille, le quartier Saint-Michel ou encore l’île Saint Louis vous seront accessibles à pied en moins de 10 minutes, tandis que sa situation centrale vous permettra de vous déplacer facilement partout dans Paris. Le quartier du Marais est un des plus animés de la Ville et vous aurez du mal à choisir entre ses innombrables restaurants, bars, boutiques tout en vous promenant dans ses rues chargées d'histoire. La terrasse vous permettra de profiter d'une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris, pour vous reposer, prendre un verre, dîner entre amis ou tou
18704		- Separated bedroom - Perfect location, metro Arts et Metiers, 5min walking from Centre Pompidou, Canal St Martin... Deux pièces très agréable dans le Marais, poutres apparentes, idéal pour un couple.
18705		Super well located - all exterior - sunny - comfortable appartment at Le Marais 3ème, in front of the Square du Temple. Bedroom two people bed + living room two people couch + full equiped kitchen + bathroom.
18706	The unique façade creates unique interior spaces, which are matched by colorful and theatrical Parisian furnishing and design. You enter on the main floor into a large living room with columns, Sisal rugs, and several windows. The room is cheerful and bright with a red and purple velvet sofa and chaise lounge, artwork inspired by the theater, a decorative café table and chair, excellent lighting, and stairs with iron scroll handrails. The living area shares space with the open-plan kitchen, which features a high bar and seating that overlooks the living space. The kitchen’s angular shape compliments the playful tiled floor and supports the ample wood-surfaced appliances, cabinetry, and countertops. Windows to the outside and an interior window overlooking the dining area contribute to the spacious air of the room. The dining room, with its lovely solid wood Art Deco table, has two double windows, a view of the kitchen, and several artistic touches. The curtains and overhead light give 	Divided between three floors, this three bedroom, two bathroom rental is situated in a charming building with triangular façade and is perfect for families looking for a spacious apartment for their vacation. The unique façade creates unique interior spaces, which are matched by colorful and theatrical Parisian furnishing and design. You enter on the main floor into a large living room with columns, Sisal rugs, and several windows. The room is cheerful and bright with a red and purple velvet sofa and chaise lounge, artwork inspired by the theater, a decorative café table and chair, excellent lighting, and stairs with iron scroll handrails. The living area shares space with the open-plan kitchen, which features a high bar and seating that overlooks the living space. The kitchen’s angular shape compliments the playful tiled floor and supports the ample wood-surfaced appliances, cabinetry, and countertops. Windows to the outside and an interior window overlooking the dining area contribut
18707	A little studio, built like a boat to optimize space and have a maximum function.  The up/Down bed is a real comfortable bed.  The location is the upcoming part of the Marais	Cosy Studio in the Up-Marais very close to all restaurants (l'ami Louis, le Charlot), museum (Pompidou), shopping and Paris life (rue de Bretagne)! 30 sq meters, all equipped (washing machine, dish washer, shower) and a pushup bed :) A little studio, built like a boat to optimize space and have a maximum function.  The up/Down bed is a real comfortable bed.  The location is the upcoming part of the Marais I am generally available for any problem during your stay!! The Neighborhood is active, find lovely restaurants, galleries and new concept stores in my street: Book shop (LOAF), Waiting for the sun (concept store), Caron (coffee shop), MOMA (restaurant French), Le Ballon Rouge (wine bar & finger food), Le Parisien (Brasserie), Coltran (cocktails and burgers), Anahi (Argentinian),  Pop up stores often open in the street down the road (rue du Vertbois) and I recommend lovely Korean place designed by Paola Navone. Only 10 minutes away from Beaubourg museum, Musée Picasso and art center G
18708	A small cozy nest in the center of old Paris. Under the roof (6th floor, no lift but stairs are large and not too hard) there is beautifull view. Attic apartment with a bohemian and romantic cosy athmosphere. The building dates from the eighteenth century, there is beautifull paved courtyard. The apartment has been renovated recently, there is beautiful exposed beams and traditional tiled floor. Very quiet and bright, crossing east-west respectively both windows overlooking the courtyard. There is a window that offers east superb views over the roofs of the mansion in the Place des Vosges and the Bastille column topped by the genius of the revolution. To the west a large skylight allows us to admire the roofs of Paris and spot the towers of Notre Dame, the Eiffel Tower and Tour St. Jacques ...	A small cozy nest in the center of old Paris.  Attic apartment with a bohemian and romantic cosy athmosphere. The building dates from the eighteenth century, there is beautifull paved courtyard. The apartment has been renovated recently. A small cozy nest in the center of old Paris. Under the roof (6th floor, no lift but stairs are large and not too hard) there is beautifull view. Attic apartment with a bohemian and romantic cosy athmosphere. The building dates from the eighteenth century, there is beautifull paved courtyard. The apartment has been renovated recently, there is beautiful exposed beams and traditional tiled floor. Very quiet and bright, crossing east-west respectively both windows overlooking the courtyard. There is a window that offers east superb views over the roofs of the mansion in the Place des Vosges and the Bastille column topped by the genius of the revolution. To the west a large skylight allows us to admire the roofs of Paris and spot the towers of Notre Dame,
18709	STANDING Building of very good standing that has been recently renovated. The apartment is on the 2nd floor and there is a lift. The building access is secured by 2 door codes. The windows look onto the street but these are double-glazed so you will be in a quiet environment. LAYOUT This adorable 45sqm apartment to rent in Paris has recently been entirely rethought and renovated. It is a spacious Paris studio that looks like a 1-bedroom apartment as the bedroom area is separated from the living-room by a wall. This wall is open on the living-room. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200). In the living-room you will find a double sofa bed (140x200), a coffee table and chairs. A large mirror above the sofa bed gives much space to this room. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. The design lights above the dining table and the high table itself really delineate the dining area from the living-room area. You will be able to store your clothes in the large wardrobe of the living area.	A Paris apartment rental that has been entirely rethought and renovated, bringing function, design and zen to the place. Travelling alone, with your lover, friends or a family up to 4, do not hesitate to rent this apartment in Paris. STANDING Building of very good standing that has been recently renovated. The apartment is on the 2nd floor and there is a lift. The building access is secured by 2 door codes. The windows look onto the street but these are double-glazed so you will be in a quiet environment. LAYOUT This adorable 45sqm apartment to rent in Paris has recently been entirely rethought and renovated. It is a spacious Paris studio that looks like a 1-bedroom apartment as the bedroom area is separated from the living-room by a wall. This wall is open on the living-room. The bedroom has a double bed (140x200). In the living-room you will find a double sofa bed (140x200), a coffee table and chairs. A large mirror above the sofa bed gives much space to this room. The fitted kitchen
18710		Cet apt aux hauts plafonds mansardés comprend 1 salle de douche et toilettes , 1 salle de bain au premier étage, 1 cuisine ouverte sur séjour entièrement équipée, 1 canapé d'angle convertible dans le séjour, une chambre mezzanine avec 1 lit double.
18711	Located on the 5th floor with elevator in a typical Haussmannian style building, this corner apartment is filled with light. The entry foyer opens on to a long hallway with a large set of closets with ample storage… and that gives access to a series of rooms, each expansive and surprisingly spacious. Directly across is a huge salon with a full wall of large windows opening to the sky. The apartment has refinished wood floors, high ceilings, large windows, and is painted white… and augmented with white curtains. The whole effect is astonishingly bright and clear.  The main salon has a sitting area at one end with a double sofa-bed and chairs clustered in front of a marble fireplace (closed) and large mantle-place mirror. Along one wall there is also a single day-bed that can be used for a child or a small adult. The other end (closer to the kitchen) has a table with chairs and another marble fireplace (closed) and large mantle-place mirror. The equipment includes, cable TV, Stereo, high	This is a huge one bedroom apartment that is full of light and will just delight and astonish you. It is 1,200 Sq. Ft., (Sleeps 4) and is located in the Marais district just across from the Arts and Métiers… and only steps from the metro. Located on the 5th floor with elevator in a typical Haussmannian style building, this corner apartment is filled with light. The entry foyer opens on to a long hallway with a large set of closets with ample storage… and that gives access to a series of rooms, each expansive and surprisingly spacious. Directly across is a huge salon with a full wall of large windows opening to the sky. The apartment has refinished wood floors, high ceilings, large windows, and is painted white… and augmented with white curtains. The whole effect is astonishingly bright and clear.  The main salon has a sitting area at one end with a double sofa-bed and chairs clustered in front of a marble fireplace (closed) and large mantle-place mirror. Along one wall there is also a 
18712	This lovely recently refurbished 18m2 studio has the romantic feel of Paris. Located on the 4th floor of a traditional building with no elevator. Window to a quiet street.	This Studio is a great choice for a couple to enjoy a romantic stay in the City of Lights or a single person who comes to work and play. This lovely recently refurbished 18m2 studio has the romantic feel of Paris. Located on the 4th floor of a traditional building with no elevator. Window to a quiet street. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance at an extra cost of €2,50 for bath towels and €1,50 for hand towels. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your pas
18713		Cosy flat in the center of Paris, very well located, in an attractive neighborhood. 4th floor without elevator, very peaceful, natural light, separated bedroom, full equiped kitchen. Computer and Wi-Fi. No smoking, no pet. You'll feel at home!
18714	The apartment is located in Rue du Vert Bois, at the second floor (Area B – without elevator) in a completely modern and restyled building (the street door is provided with a security code). This 30 square meters apartment is made up of a living-room (which is also the sleeping area), a wide bathroom (with a large shower and an hydraulic WC), a modern and fully equipped kitchenette. The flat sleeps four (a comfortable double bed sofa with a custom-made orthopedic mattress and two single beds). This charming flat, quiet and well-lit (two large casement windows, one giving onto the Rue du Vertbois, the other giving onto an internal small cloister, there are no balconies), offers a relaxing ambience. It is completely furnished and fully equipped (fridge-freezer, microwave, electric and steam oven, hairdryer, hoover, electric broom). Household linen, towels, bathrobes, bed linen and bedclothes are fully available – in double set – for four persons. For your French dinners and lunches, a la	The apartment is located in Rue du Vert Bois, at the second floor (Area B – without elevator) in a completely modern and restyled building (the street door is provided with a security code). This 30 square meters apartment is made up of a living-room (which is also the sleeping area), a wide bathroom (with a large shower and an hydraulic WC), a modern and fully equipped kitchenette. The flat sleeps four (a comfortable double bed sofa with a custom-made orthopedic mattress and two single beds). This charming flat, quiet and well-lit (two large casement windows, one giving onto the Rue du Vertbois, the other giving onto an internal small cloister, there are no balconies), offers a relaxing ambience. It is completely furnished and fully equipped (fridge-freezer, microwave, electric and steam oven, hairdryer, hoover, electric broom). Household linen, towels, bathrobes, bed linen and bedclothes are fully available – in double set – for four persons. For your French dinners and lunches, a la
18715	Delightful House 65m2 situated in a seventeenth century hotel particular (townhouse ), in the heart of the Marais. PLEASE READ THE DETAILS BELOW ( PAYMENT, CHECK IN/CHECK OUT, HOUSE RULES and DEPOSIT ) Price and Deposit are not negotiable thanks Calendar is updated every day and we never cancel a reservation Redecorated and fully equipped with all new household appliances in November 2012. Possibility of sleeping 6, with one mezzanine bedroom with king size bed (180*200 ), one bedroom with mansard ceiling ( double bed 140*200 ) , and a sofa bed ( 160*200 ) with comfortable Bulltex mattress in the living room.  ALL 3 DOUBLE BEDS ARE NEW( November 2012 ) no single bed Kitchen fully equipped with brand new fridge/freezer, oven, vitro ceramic hub, microwave, dishwasher Bathroom with bath and separate wc. Washing machine Tumble dryer New Panasonic plasma 42 inch 3D television. New hifi. Fast Internet access via wifi NEW IRONED SHEETS AND TOWELS PROVIDED Ample cupboard space available. Quiet	Delightful House 65m2 situated in a seventeenth century hotel particular (townhouse ), in the heart of the Marais. PLEASE READ THE DETAILS BELOW ( PAYMENT, CHECK IN/CHECK OUT, HOUSE RULES and DEPOSIT ) Price and Deposit are not negotiable thanks Calendar is updated every day and we never cancel a reservation Redecorated and fully equipped with all new household appliances in November 2012. Possibility of sleeping 6, with one mezzanine bedroom with king size bed (180*200 ), one bedroom with mansard ceiling ( double bed 140*200 ) , and a sofa bed ( 160*200 ) with comfortable Bulltex mattress in the living room.  ALL 3 DOUBLE BEDS ARE NEW( November 2012 ) no single bed Kitchen fully equipped with brand new fridge/freezer, oven, vitro ceramic hub, microwave, dishwasher Bathroom with bath and separate wc. Washing machine Tumble dryer New Panasonic plasma 42 inch 3D television. New hifi. Fast Internet access via wifi NEW IRONED SHEETS AND TOWELS PROVIDED Ample cupboard space available. Quiet
18716	Welcome to my sweet Parisian nest ! Featuring grey-blue wooden beams and an old stonewall, it combines a very quiet building, day and night, and a lovely light thanks to its two windows. Located on the first floor of an old « Marais » style building, it features a main room with a double queen bed that folds into a sofa,  a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower and toilet. Of course, you may use the high speed internet and the towels and sheets are provided.	"Located in the heart of Paris, a 5 minutes walk from République Square, 4 stations from the ""Galeries Lafayette"", this lovely flat is perfect for two. Its greyish-blue wooden beams and its stone wall gives to the place an ancient charming spirit. Welcome to my sweet Parisian nest ! Featuring grey-blue wooden beams and an old stonewall, it combines a very quiet building, day and night, and a lovely light thanks to its two windows. Located on the first floor of an old « Marais » style building, it features a main room with a double queen bed that folds into a sofa,  a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower and toilet. Of course, you may use the high speed internet and the towels and sheets are provided. At your arrival, I will be welcoming you and giving you the keys. Then, we can have a tour of the flat to show you its whereabouts. I will show you how to use its equipments (TV, Internet connexion etc.), where are the towels and the sheets. I will be glad to inform you a"
18717		"In the heart of the district "" La Jeune Rue "" 500 m from the Republic Square. The appartment is at the second floor with less than 30 stairs. A 2 persons bed and another mattress for à 3rd person."
18718	"Located in ""the Marais"", one of the most trendy district appreciated both by parisians and tourists, the flat has a beautiful height of ceiling (+3m) typical for building from French Revolution. The nice living room/ dining room, american kitchen fully equiped, a very charming bathroom and 3 confortables bedroom (4 places) will seduce you. There is not neighbor at the same floor. "	"Typical 4 rooms apartment very calm/ 95sqm with very beautiful height of ceilings in the Marais district, to accommodate very comfortably 6 people. Near numerous tourist places (monuments, theaters), places to go, trendy stores. Located in ""the Marais"", one of the most trendy district appreciated both by parisians and tourists, the flat has a beautiful height of ceiling (+3m) typical for building from French Revolution. The nice living room/ dining room, american kitchen fully equiped, a very charming bathroom and 3 confortables bedroom (4 places) will seduce you. There is not neighbor at the same floor.  Guest can access everywhere in the flat and can use all the equipments. During the check in and/or check out. The Marais is a particularly trendy district on the heart of Paris. The very Parisian atmosphere is welcoming and warm. It abounds in restaurants, in fashion stores, and places to go out, as well as typical coffees and food small shops. it is also very close to many Parisian m"
18719	Three bedrooms flat, view onto a beautiful paved and green courtyard. There is a big lounge with open kitchen, very bright, (we are in the 5th floor) with parquet and black and white cement tiles on the floor, old ceiling with beams ; the parents' room with a double bed, the children's room with a bed for baby and a bed child. The accommodation is for 2 adults (with possibly 2 children maximum). We have an extra foldable mattress on which a third adult or child can possibly sleep. The bathroom / toilet is functional and pleasant: big Italian-style shower, cement tiles on the floor and old ceiling with beams. The flat was refurbished in 2014, and with all our love. It was decorated with passion, we like shopping antiques, and it is full of stuff we found during our travels.	"Very beautiful three rooms flat, totally refurbished in 2014, atypical and with a beautiful view on courtyard. Decorated tastefully, It's very cosy and bright. Situated in ""Le Marais"", in a quiet street and fashion district. Three bedrooms flat, view onto a beautiful paved and green courtyard. There is a big lounge with open kitchen, very bright, (we are in the 5th floor) with parquet and black and white cement tiles on the floor, old ceiling with beams ; the parents' room with a double bed, the children's room with a bed for baby and a bed child. The accommodation is for 2 adults (with possibly 2 children maximum). We have an extra foldable mattress on which a third adult or child can possibly sleep. The bathroom / toilet is functional and pleasant: big Italian-style shower, cement tiles on the floor and old ceiling with beams. The flat was refurbished in 2014, and with all our love. It was decorated with passion, we like shopping antiques, and it is full of stuff we found during our "
18720	"In the heart of Paris, you will love the charm of this cozy and comfortable apartment. Located on the 6th floor with an elevator, it is composed of :- 2 bedrooms : one with king size bed the second bedroom with a double bed. (duvet and sheets of high quality)- A main room with dining table (6 seats), a convertible sofa bed (2 places), a HQ LED TV 55"" connected to a computer- A well equipped kitchen (induction hob, ovens, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, iron and ironing board, pans, pots, cutlery).- Double-glazed windows - A functional bathroom (washbasin, shower, toilet, hair dryer) - Air-conditioning in the living room and in the main bedroom.Linens and towels of quality are provided.With a high speed internet connection and fast WiFi, you can browse the Internet safely. Ideal for groups from 2 to 6 people. "	"Discover Paris in a very nice apartment fully renovated and tastefully decorated in a Haussmann building In the heart of Paris, you will love the charm of this cozy and comfortable apartment. Located on the 6th floor with an elevator, it is composed of :- 2 bedrooms : one with king size bed the second bedroom with a double bed. (duvet and sheets of high quality)- A main room with dining table (6 seats), a convertible sofa bed (2 places), a HQ LED TV 55"" connected to a computer- A well equipped kitchen (induction hob, ovens, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, iron and ironing board, pans, pots, cutlery).- Double-glazed windows - A functional bathroom (washbasin, shower, toilet, hair dryer) - Air-conditioning in the living room and in the main bedroom.Linens and towels of quality are provided.With a high speed internet connection and fast WiFi, you can browse the Internet safely. Ideal for groups from 2 to 6 people. The guest will have access to the whole apartment Before your stay,"
18721		In a very central location of the charming Center of Paris, this lovely studio takes place on a very quite a courtyard.
18722	The room is part of a charming 61 m² flat, located in the 3rd district of the Marais.  The stones and wooden beams will charm you without a doubt. It is equiped with a dishwasher, a washing machine, a hair-dryer, TV, unlimited speed internet access and Wifi.  We also provide fresh bed linens and towels.	"A quiet room with a double bed and exposed beams.   The flat is located in the 3rd district of Paris - Le Marais; the best starting point to visit all the main places of Paris.  We are close to the metro, fashion shops, bars and restaurants. The room is part of a charming 61 m² flat, located in the 3rd district of the Marais.  The stones and wooden beams will charm you without a doubt. It is equiped with a dishwasher, a washing machine, a hair-dryer, TV, unlimited speed internet access and Wifi.  We also provide fresh bed linens and towels. Guests have access to the whole apartment, except the room of the hosts. You can use freely the kitchen, the bathroom, and the living room. Welcome to the Marais, the most llively and trendy district of Paris.  The neighbourhood is charming and full of energy. You will discover the real parisian way of life.  We are very close to ""rue de Bretagne"" and ""rue vieille du temple"" where you can easily find bakeries, wine shops, cheese shops, and fresh pro"
18723	The apartment consists of: - the living room has two sofas, a coffee table, HD TV, a DVD player, broadband internet connection, a stereo. A table and four chairs allow you to dinner. The windows overlook the street. - the kitchen open to the living room, equipped with a microwave, hotplates, refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, a toaster, a washing dishwasher, washing machine and everything you need for cooking.  - bedroom: with a bed of 140 x 200cm and a dressing room.  - bathroom: walk-in shower, washbasin, hairdryer,  Separate WC The place is coming with line, towels, iron and iron table, vaccuum.	56 sqm apartment for 2 persons, second floor, with elevator, on the street close to the Carreau du Temple. The apartment consists of: - the living room has two sofas, a coffee table, HD TV, a DVD player, broadband internet connection, a stereo. A table and four chairs allow you to dinner. The windows overlook the street. - the kitchen open to the living room, equipped with a microwave, hotplates, refrigerator, coffee maker, kettle, a toaster, a washing dishwasher, washing machine and everything you need for cooking.  - bedroom: with a bed of 140 x 200cm and a dressing room.  - bathroom: walk-in shower, washbasin, hairdryer,  Separate WC The place is coming with line, towels, iron and iron table, vaccuum. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Place des Vosges, the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. Nearest metro statio
18724	"Quiet apartment. There are two good double beds in Le Marais, the heart of Paris, close to Notre Dame and the Pompidou Modern Art Museum .. Private double room and a double bed canopy in the lounge. Shower (Hip bath) and toilet in the bathroom inside the apartment. The kitchen has a microwave, cooker, fridge and washing machine. There is a TV and DVD player. 4 minutes walk from the metro station ""Arts et métiers"". 4 minutes walk from the Museum of Arts and Crafts 5 minutes walk from the Centre Georges Pompidou 10 minutes walk from the Hotel de Ville 12 minutes walk from the café La Perle 15 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges 20 minutes walk from Notre Dame 25 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum Bars, restaurants and supermarket nearby."	"Apartment in the HEART OF MARAIS : Well located, close to everything on foot : TRENDY FASHION STORES, Restaurants, BARS, supermarkets, museums, Art Galleries, Metro Arts et Metiers NEAR THE FLAT (subway 3 and 11) 5 minutes walk Quiet apartment. There are two good double beds in Le Marais, the heart of Paris, close to Notre Dame and the Pompidou Modern Art Museum .. Private double room and a double bed canopy in the lounge. Shower (Hip bath) and toilet in the bathroom inside the apartment. The kitchen has a microwave, cooker, fridge and washing machine. There is a TV and DVD player. 4 minutes walk from the metro station ""Arts et métiers"". 4 minutes walk from the Museum of Arts and Crafts 5 minutes walk from the Centre Georges Pompidou 10 minutes walk from the Hotel de Ville 12 minutes walk from the café La Perle 15 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges 20 minutes walk from Notre Dame 25 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum Bars, restaurants and supermarket nearby. Washing machine(drier)"
18725	"Sweet and charming, 20 squares meters flat, typically Parisian, with exposed wood-beams and wooden floor. Very comfortable and trendy, with many chairs, coffee tables, a big bed for two on a real mezzanine, a sofa bed, a very good kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment in on the groundfloor, the widow give on the pretty courtyard that you can saw on the pictures.        At your disposal :     Art books, Dvds, novels, etc..     Mixer     Micro-wave     Hoven     Fridge     Crockery, cutlery, etc...     Bed and bath linen, etc...       You will be in the heart of Paris, in a quiet street but close to shopping streets, restaurants, bars, cinemas, theaters, museums. It is a perfect flat to visit and discover the true Paris. You also will be close to : The historical Republique district and his ""canal saint Martin"" with his trendy bars, retaurants and shops.  «Les grands boulevards"" with his fancy and famous shops "" les galeries Lafayette"" and "" le Printemps"". You will be at 10 minutes by th"	"Sweet and charming, 20 squares meters flat, typically Parisian, with exposed wood-beams and wooden floor. Very comfortable and trendy, with many chairs, coffee tables, a big bed for two on a real mezzanine, a sofa bed, a very good kitchen and a bathroom. The apartment in on the groundfloor, the widow give on the pretty courtyard that you can saw on the pictures.        At your disposal :     Art books, Dvds, novels, etc..     Mixer     Micro-wave     Hoven     Fridge     Crockery, cutlery, etc...     Bed and bath linen, etc...       You will be in the heart of Paris, in a quiet street but close to shopping streets, restaurants, bars, cinemas, theaters, museums. It is a perfect flat to visit and discover the true Paris. You also will be close to : The historical Republique district and his ""canal saint Martin"" with his trendy bars, retaurants and shops.  «Les grands boulevards"" with his fancy and famous shops "" les galeries Lafayette"" and "" le Printemps"". You will be at 10 minutes by th"
18726	A 5 mn du centre Pompidou ( Beaubourg ) , au métro  Arts et métiers , bel appartement de 60 m², très lumineux  au 3eme étage , orienté plein sud ( pas d' ascenseur ) , pour 4 personnes (2 x 2), avec parquet dans toute les pièces sauf la salle de bain carrelée . - Grande CUISINE équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, plaques induction , micro onde,petite TV, machine à café Nespresso , bouilloire , vaisselle en nombre  etc ...) . - SEJOUR (canapé convertible confortable), TV écran plat grand écran 120 cm, lecteur DVD Blu-ray , hifi très haute qualité ( enceintes Triangle et ampli Rotel ), PIANO, nombreux CD de musique classique , opéra ,jazz et chanson française ainsi que de nombreux DVD de films cinéma et opéras . - CHAMBRE avec très bonne literie ( matelas Bultex ) , ordinateur avec imprimante et internet illimité . - SALLE de bain/wc avec sèche-linge.  	A 5 mn du centre Pompidou ( Beaubourg ) , au métro  Arts et métiers , bel appartement de 60 m², très lumineux  au 3eme étage , orienté plein sud ( pas d' ascenseur ) , pour 4 personnes (2 x 2), avec parquet dans toute les pièces sauf la salle de bain carrelée . - Grande CUISINE équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, plaques induction , micro onde,petite TV, machine à café Nespresso , bouilloire , vaisselle en nombre  etc ...) . - SEJOUR (canapé convertible confortable), TV écran plat grand écran 120 cm, lecteur DVD Blu-ray , hifi très haute qualité ( enceintes Triangle et ampli Rotel ), PIANO, nombreux CD de musique classique , opéra ,jazz et chanson française ainsi que de nombreux DVD de films cinéma et opéras . - CHAMBRE avec très bonne literie ( matelas Bultex ) , ordinateur avec imprimante et internet illimité . - SALLE de bain/wc avec sèche-linge.  Aucunes restrictions particulières dans le respect des lieux et du voisinage . Les voyageurs se sentent comme chez eux ! Mais pas 
18727		TRES BEAU DEUX PIECES DANS LE QUARTIER DE LA RUE DE BRETAGNE, POUR 2 PERSONNES OU UNE  FAMILLE. LE LOGEMENT POSSÈDE TOUTES LES COMMODITÉS POUR QUE VOUS VOUS SENTIEZ COMME CHEZ VOUS, LES MOYENS DE TRANSPORTS SE TROUVENT EN BAS DE L'IMMEUBLE. Tout ce qu'il y a dans l'appartement  je suis à votre entière disposition si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit!! Il suffit de m'écrire 
18728	High ceiling : Loft type flat Bed size is 160x200cm	"Very large and nice 1 bedroom flat (57 m2) in the ""fashion"" part of le Marais.   The flat was entirely refurbished in 2014.   High ceiling : Loft type flat Bed size is 160x200cm Nearest subway: Republique, Temple, Filles du Calvaire 4th floor / No elevator => But very easy to climb."
18729	This small house has a terrace to take the coffee the morning, or glass the evening. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheesemonger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of the Grand Boulevard, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles, the street Montorgueil, the Market of the red children, the Place of the Republic. And	This small house has a terrace to take the coffee the morning, or glass the evening. In Paris center of Paris, 1 minute walk of the subway Réaumur-Sébastopol (line 3 and line 4), at 2 minutes of the subway Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (line 8, line 9) and at 5 minutes of the subway Arts and Métiers  (line 11).  With the intersection of 2nd, 3rd and 10th district.  Access:  - Airport Charles de Gaule - Roissy (40min)  - Airport Orly (40 min)  - Gare du Nord - Eurostar - Gare de l'Est (10min)  Walks in the district and its roofed passageways: very good restaurants, bars, a market of fresh produce each day, and all the shops which you will be able to need (bakery, butchery, pastry making, grocer, supermarket, pharmacy, banks, early product, fishmonger, cheesemonger…) as well as very many theatres.  In the middle of the district of the Grand Boulevard, you are within walking distance of the Marais, the Halles, the street Montorgueil, the Market of the red children, the Place of the Republic. And
18730	"In ""le Marais"", The historical heart of Paris Closed to Notre Dame Cathedral, Hotel de Ville de Paris, French museum of modern art : Centre Georges POMPIDOU, near forum des Halles and Le Louvre museum. The well known Musee Picasso, gorgeous Place des Vosges XIII, and fresh market of Rue Rambureau are also nearby.  Designer shops and trendy restaurants are open on Sunday. On the week-ends, the streets are for pedestrians only, making the area peaceful and relaxing. A nice apt very practical for couple, very well furnished and decorated, 2nd floor with lift. Very quiet apt. Connections with all métros , bus, RER, Vélib etc . Entrance- Living room with large comfortable sofa with armchairs. Bedroom Queen size bed 160 X 200  Free cable flat TV. Wlan  Kitchen fully furnished  Bathroom shower . Separated toilets . The perfect place  to stay in Paris if you wish a quiet and nice flat in the heart of  the historical Paris.  Smoking and pets are not allowed."	"In ""le Marais"", The historical heart of Paris Closed to Notre Dame Cathedral, Hotel de Ville de Paris, French museum of modern art : Centre Georges POMPIDOU, near forum des Halles and Le Louvre museum. The well known Musee Picasso, gorgeous Place des Vosges XIII, and fresh market of Rue Rambureau are also nearby.  Designer shops and trendy restaurants are open on Sunday. On the week-ends, the streets are for pedestrians only, making the area peaceful and relaxing. A nice apt very practical for couple, very well furnished and decorated, 2nd floor with lift. Very quiet apt. Connections with all métros , bus, RER, Vélib etc . Entrance- Living room with large comfortable sofa with armchairs. Bedroom Queen size bed 160 X 200  Free cable flat TV. Wlan  Kitchen fully furnished  Bathroom shower . Separated toilets . The perfect place  to stay in Paris if you wish a quiet and nice flat in the heart of  the historical Paris.  Smoking and pets are not allowed."
18731	 cuisine tout équipée (Four, plaques induction, cafetière Nespresso, réfrigérateur, congélateur,lave linge et sèche linge)   salle de bain : cabine de douche, toilettes   séjour spacieux, wifi, système hifi, livres d'art... Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Je serai ravi de vous accueillir et vous donner conseils et infos supplémentaires sur l'appartement, le quartier ! Je vous laisse toujours quelques informations sur les bonnes sorties culturelles du moment. Le quartier du carreau du temple / Haut marais est très vivant, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et boutiques. Un jardin (le square du temple) se trouve à 2 min à pied, ainsi qu'un beau marché (le marché des enfants rouges) où il est agréable de déjeuner le weekend. La station de metro Temple se situe à 3 min à pied de l'appartement (Ligne 3) et la station République se situe à 5 min à pied de l'appartement (Ligne 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). Il y a aussi de nombreux bus place de la République.	Deux-pièces de charme, refait à neuf et complètement équipé au coeur du marais. Commerces, restaurants et bars au pied de l'immeuble ainsi que les lignes 3, 8, 9 et 11 du métro! Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, il est idéal pour un séjour à Paris.  cuisine tout équipée (Four, plaques induction, cafetière Nespresso, réfrigérateur, congélateur,lave linge et sèche linge)   salle de bain : cabine de douche, toilettes   séjour spacieux, wifi, système hifi, livres d'art... Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. Je serai ravi de vous accueillir et vous donner conseils et infos supplémentaires sur l'appartement, le quartier ! Je vous laisse toujours quelques informations sur les bonnes sorties culturelles du moment. Le quartier du carreau du temple / Haut marais est très vivant, vous trouverez de nombreux restaurants et boutiques. Un jardin (le square du temple) se trouve à 2 min à pied, ainsi qu'un beau marché (le marché des enfants rouges) où il est agréable de déjeuner le weekend.
18732	1 room for you 1 wc 1 bathroom 1 living room ( where i stay during your trip, but i m not all time in the house )	Room avalaible in a beautiful appartment in the Marais for only one person, For your information i have a cat :) We ll be only you and me, you have the room and your complete intimacy Appartment : 45 m Rue du temple metro Hotel de ville  1 room for you 1 wc 1 bathroom 1 living room ( where i stay during your trip, but i m not all time in the house ) metro Art et métier, Rambuteau, Hotel de ville bus line 39 For a good price you can stay in big apartment, i m not all the time at home, you have your room, if i can help you during your trip i m always available .
18733	Situated courtyard at the 5th and last floor of a classified building, this apartment is quiet and charming. It's great location will permit you to enjoy it's beautiful and trendy Marais district.	Located at only 2 minutes on foot from Place des Vosges, this 30 sqm apartment is calm and charming. It will permit you to enjoy its great and trendy Marais district. Situated courtyard at the 5th and last floor of a classified building, this apartment is quiet and charming. It's great location will permit you to enjoy it's beautiful and trendy Marais district. You will have access to the entire place I will remain at your disposal by phone or directly if I am in Paris to help you if necessary and make your stay more pleasant. I will give you my favorites places address in this district and in Paris. The nearest metro station is Chemin Vert on line 8 (2 minutes on foot) Then you have metro station Bastille on lines 1, 5 and 8 (5 minutes on foot) And metro station Breguet Sabin on line 5 (4 minutes on foot) You can reach Gare de Lyon directly from Bastille metro station with line 1. You can reach Gare du Nord directly from Breguet Sabin metro station with line 5.
18734	You rent the entire space of a beautiful French style studio, recently renovated, on the first floor in a building located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. If you are looking for a place during the fashion week in Paris it's one of the best neighborhoods to stay.	Musician Loft, Cosy, Perfect for a couple You rent the entire space of a beautiful French style studio, recently renovated, on the first floor in a building located in the heart of lively hip Marais district. If you are looking for a place during the fashion week in Paris it's one of the best neighborhoods to stay. The building has a closed courtyard where you can secure your bike if needed, and if you don't have a bike, Velib' stations (bike rental) are a mere 100 yards away. Clean sheets and towels provided. - First floor - 39 m2 with mezzanine (390 square feet) - 2 security code - Very high ceiling - Painted beams - Tiled floor - Large windows with many natural light - Furnished apartment - Internet wi-fi - Radio and CD Player - Washing machine - Fridge - Heater and hot water - Bathroom with bathtub - Functional kitchen - Double bed + queen sofa bed - Cupboard - Travel Cot for your baby - Grand Piano would be available only upon request You have the whole apartment on your own. The 
18735	Loft atypical fully renovated with luxurious and tasteful materials.	Loft atypical fully renovated with luxurious and tasteful materials. A few meters from the Paris Metro. Close to shops and tourist sites. Access to all shops, conveniently located in the center of Paris. A few meters from the metro. Metro nearby.
18736		charming studio in the heart of the marais, facing hotel Salé (Picasso Museum and gardens). Great view.
18737	Spacious, central and modern 68 sq. meters hidden at the first floor of a 18th century building, loft style apartment in the trendy nord Marais, One bed room with a thru bed (160X190 cm)  Into the living room a sofa-bed (160X190cm)  Few minutes walk from Pompidou, République, the hype rue de bretagne and the marché des enfants rouges. One bed room with a thru bed (160X190 cm)  Into the living room a sofa-bed (160X190cm)  15 minutes walk from the river, Notre dame 10 minutes walk from the canal saint martin  5 metro stations at less than 350 meters (Arts et metiers,Reaumursebastopol,Temple,République,strasbourg st denis) 	Spacious 68 sq. meters very well located, loft style apartment  in the trendy nord Marais,minutes walk from Pompidou,République,the hype rue de bretagne and his marché des enfants rouges. 4 metro stations at less than 300 meters. Spacious, central and modern 68 sq. meters hidden at the first floor of a 18th century building, loft style apartment in the trendy nord Marais, One bed room with a thru bed (160X190 cm)  Into the living room a sofa-bed (160X190cm)  Few minutes walk from Pompidou, République, the hype rue de bretagne and the marché des enfants rouges. One bed room with a thru bed (160X190 cm)  Into the living room a sofa-bed (160X190cm)  15 minutes walk from the river, Notre dame 10 minutes walk from the canal saint martin  5 metro stations at less than 350 meters (Arts et metiers,Reaumursebastopol,Temple,République,strasbourg st denis) The apartment is fully equipped with everything you could wish for:     - TV 55 3D,blu ray player,ps4,xbox one,wii u,very high speed WIFI inte
18738	Duplex apartment (two-floor with stairs)  1 bedroom with two matrimonial beds 1 living/studio room in a flat located in the 3rd district just at the corner of Rue Charlot and Rue de Bretagne on the corner of the  infamous Marais district. Is perfect for 2 people, a couple, or also sleeps up to 3 or 4 people (there are two matrimonial beds on the top floor. These beds are not in separate rooms but can be for friendly types :). In reality, this is perfect for 3-4 friends who like to share or a couple!  2nd floor 40m2, Black ceramic and hardwood floors  1 bedroom with two matrimonial beds 1 living/studio room 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower and toilet combined 1 kitchen with basic amenities listed below 1 large eating table with furniture Two windows on the bottom floor and two roof windows on the second level Wi-Fi connection.  Subway station Temple/Republique/Filles du Calvaire Line 3/Line 7/ Republique connect to most major lines. Buses accessible to all parts of city.  Less then a 	Duplex apartment (two-floor with stairs)  1 bedroom with two matrimonial beds 1 living/studio room in a flat located in the 3rd district just at the corner of Rue Charlot and Rue de Bretagne on the corner of the  infamous Marais district. Is perfect for 2 people, a couple, or also sleeps up to 3 or 4 people (there are two matrimonial beds on the top floor. These beds are not in separate rooms but can be for friendly types :). In reality, this is perfect for 3-4 friends who like to share or a couple!  2nd floor 40m2, Black ceramic and hardwood floors  1 bedroom with two matrimonial beds 1 living/studio room 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower and toilet combined 1 kitchen with basic amenities listed below 1 large eating table with furniture Two windows on the bottom floor and two roof windows on the second level Wi-Fi connection.  Subway station Temple/Republique/Filles du Calvaire Line 3/Line 7/ Republique connect to most major lines. Buses accessible to all parts of city.  Less then a 
18739	This newly renovated apartment in the Marais district is within one minutes walk from the Picasso Museum.  Located at the third floor with elevator, the apartment features living area with double bed, convertible sofa and flat-screen TV and wifi. The kitchen is equipped and the bathroom has towels included. Located 10 minutes away, the subway station (Saint Paul) line 1 provides direct links to Le Louvre museum.  The surrounding area offers plenty of restaurants and bars, and there are several supermarkets (about 5-10 minutes walk), the street is quiet. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. Also sheet for convertible sofa are include in case you are more than 2 guest. Check-in time is after 2pm and checkout time is at 11am.  I gladly allow you to check in earlier and check out later (depending on availability).  Maximum people allowed is 4.  Keep it as you received it  Much appreciated, Thanks 	This newly renovated apartment in the Marais district is within one minutes walk from the Picasso Museum.  Located at the third floor with elevator, the apartment features living area with double bed, convertible sofa and flat-screen TV and wifi. The kitchen is equipped and the bathroom has towels included. Located 10 minutes away, the subway station (Saint Paul) line 1 provides direct links to Le Louvre museum.  The surrounding area offers plenty of restaurants and bars, and there are several supermarkets (about 5-10 minutes walk), the street is quiet. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. Also sheet for convertible sofa are include in case you are more than 2 guest. Check-in time is after 2pm and checkout time is at 11am.  I gladly allow you to check in earlier and check out later (depending on availability).  Maximum people allowed is 4.  Keep it as you received it  Much appreciated, Thanks 
18740	Welcome to the heart of the historic Marais district in central Paris ! Charming studio ideal for 1 or 2 people, located rue Saint Paul in the historic center of the Marais and close to the Seine, the metro Saint Paul (line 1 )available  for your business trips your weekend or your holidays in Paris. This studio of 22 square meters fully renovated located on the ground floor in a lovely quiet courtyard and a private collection of historical building of the Marais . Its prime location, high ceilings ( 3 meters ) and exposed beams give you access to a living space ideal for your short stay in Paris . The accommodation comprises two parts : - A large main room ideally arranged with a fully equipped American kitchen in the entrance, a bedroom area with a real double bed ( 140x190 ) , wardrobe, and plenty of lounge / reading with two comfortable armchairs. - The bathroom has a large walk-in shower , wall mounted heated towel rail , hi-tech lighting and toilet . Enjoy all the amenities avail	Welcome to the heart of the historic Marais district in central Paris!  Charming studio 22m2 ideal for 1 or 2 people, located rue Saint Paul, in the heart of the historic center of the Marais, the metro Saint Paul. Welcome to the heart of the historic Marais district in central Paris ! Charming studio ideal for 1 or 2 people, located rue Saint Paul in the historic center of the Marais and close to the Seine, the metro Saint Paul (line 1 )available  for your business trips your weekend or your holidays in Paris. This studio of 22 square meters fully renovated located on the ground floor in a lovely quiet courtyard and a private collection of historical building of the Marais . Its prime location, high ceilings ( 3 meters ) and exposed beams give you access to a living space ideal for your short stay in Paris . The accommodation comprises two parts : - A large main room ideally arranged with a fully equipped American kitchen in the entrance, a bedroom area with a real double bed ( 140x19
18741	Appartment located in the heart of Paris close to the street floor Montorgueil:  shopping farmers’ market area, and Chatelet, the center point of Paris. You will be only a two minute walk to the metro, (Reaumur Sebastopol) which is great for transport. You can also stroll to the Hotel de Ville (the mayor’s Palace) in about 10-12 minutes or Notre Dame in about 15-17 minutes walk. You have a large elevator to take you to the 6th European floor, which is the top. There are 3 windows which face out east, to bring in the morning light, and look out over the Parisian rooftops. This is a quiet apartment, far above the traffic below and well insulated from noise. Being the top floor, you will not have upstairs neighbors noise either. There are two twins beds which are separated, but can easily be fitted together to form a queen size bed; simply state your preference upon reserving. The bathroom is large, with a good size shower. There is a coffee table, a high bar eating area, with two stools 	Appartment located in the heart of Paris close to the street floor Montorgueil:  shopping farmers’ market area, and Chatelet, the center point of Paris. You will be only a two minute walk to the metro, (Reaumur Sebastopol) which is great for transport. You can also stroll to the Hotel de Ville (the mayor’s Palace) in about 10-12 minutes or Notre Dame in about 15-17 minutes walk. You have a large elevator to take you to the 6th European floor, which is the top. There are 3 windows which face out east, to bring in the morning light, and look out over the Parisian rooftops. This is a quiet apartment, far above the traffic below and well insulated from noise. Being the top floor, you will not have upstairs neighbors noise either. There are two twins beds which are separated, but can easily be fitted together to form a queen size bed; simply state your preference upon reserving. The bathroom is large, with a good size shower. There is a coffee table, a high bar eating area, with two stools 
18742	Studio ensoleillé et refait à neuf, totalement équipé. 5eme étage avec balcon exposé sud. Quartier du Marais historique et tendance, hyper centre de la capitale. Tout proche des Musées Picasso et Beaubourg, de l’Hôtel de Ville, de la Place des Vosges et de  Notre Dame. Supermarchés, restaurants, boutiques musées, métro (ligne 1 et 11, bus) toutes commodités au pied de l'immeuble ou à moins de 10 minutes. Rue charmante et calme. Excellent voisinage. 5th floor with balcony cosy studio. Sunny, full renovated and very convinient, central located in the Marais district, very close to Picasso and Beaubourg museums ; Hôtel de Ville and Notre Dame cathedral in a short walking distance. Shops, restaurants, supermarkets, departement store, lots of museums, metro and bus lines to go everywhere are within walking distance, less than 10mn. All amenities. Charming street, quiet building, nice neighbors. Perfect to live as a Parisian in the very heart of the capital of luxe, romantisme and culture. 	I'm working in tourism. I'll be happy to help you to make your stay in Paris a beautifull souvenir The Marais is the historical and trendy district in Paris. The most central  one from which you can reach all the main spots. If you want to stay downtown, you'll find everything you need around within a walking distance. The appartement is very quiet while few blocks aways it's lively. Non smoking appartment for 2 persons only. Please no pets and no fiesta. Thank you to respect the very nice neigbours
18743	A beautiful apartment with delicately chosen design and colours for a relaxing and resourcing atmosphere, a peaceful retreat after a busy day in town. With double glazed windows facing the courtyard. The apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Marais in one of the cosiest and most demanded areas of Paris. Surrounded by historical buildings, cafes, food markets, numerous restaurants as well as art galleries and the best shopping streets in Paris, all at a walking distance. The apartment includes original features such as parquet and exposed beams, all repainted in white for a modern yet cosy feeling.  The apartment can accommodate up to 3 people with one very comfortable queen size bed for two people to sleep in and one convertible sofa, comfortable sleeping one person. Comes with high-quality bed linen, pillows and blankets. Extra pillows and blankets upon request. Towels are also provided. The luxurious bathroom includes a large walk-in shower space with a powerful rain-shower.	Completely renovated, spacious studio of 32 m2 in Haut Marais. Brand new, finished in September 2013.  A beautiful apartment with delicately chosen design and colours for a relaxing and resourcing atmosphere, a peaceful retreat after a busy day in town. With double glazed windows facing the courtyard. The apartment is perfectly located in the heart of Marais in one of the cosiest and most demanded areas of Paris. Surrounded by historical buildings, cafes, food markets, numerous restaurants as well as art galleries and the best shopping streets in Paris, all at a walking distance. The apartment includes original features such as parquet and exposed beams, all repainted in white for a modern yet cosy feeling.  The apartment can accommodate up to 3 people with one very comfortable queen size bed for two people to sleep in and one convertible sofa, comfortable sleeping one person. Comes with high-quality bed linen, pillows and blankets. Extra pillows and blankets upon request. Towels are a
18744	"Le studio rénové entièrement en 2013 est situé dans un immeuble sécurisé, en plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement de Paris :  Place de la République. tout équipé avec douche et wc intégrés. 5 Lignes de Métro à moins d""une minute à pied.  Description du studio : La chambre est équipée d’un lit double de 140cm x 200cm (matelas et sommier : janv 2013) avec Velux et store occultant sous charpente donnant sur une cour calme. Très belle vue sur l’église Sacre Coeur.  Vrai Salle de bain: toilettes* (sanibroyeur), lavabo et douche carrelée avec eau chaude. Chauffage électrique mural. Nous fournissons les draps repassés et les serviettes de bain, renouvelés chaque semaine pour les séjours de plus d’une semaine. Savon et shampooing à disposition à votre arrivée. Living room et kitchenette: Fenêtre double vitrage donnant sur une cour calme. Store. Kitchenette (eau chaude/froide), four mixte (traditionnel et micro-onde) réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélateur, bouilloire électrique, cafetière, "	"Le studio rénové entièrement en 2013 est situé dans un immeuble sécurisé, en plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement de Paris :  Place de la République. tout équipé avec douche et wc intégrés. 5 Lignes de Métro à moins d""une minute à pied.  Description du studio : La chambre est équipée d’un lit double de 140cm x 200cm (matelas et sommier : janv 2013) avec Velux et store occultant sous charpente donnant sur une cour calme. Très belle vue sur l’église Sacre Coeur.  Vrai Salle de bain: toilettes* (sanibroyeur), lavabo et douche carrelée avec eau chaude. Chauffage électrique mural. Nous fournissons les draps repassés et les serviettes de bain, renouvelés chaque semaine pour les séjours de plus d’une semaine. Savon et shampooing à disposition à votre arrivée. Living room et kitchenette: Fenêtre double vitrage donnant sur une cour calme. Store. Kitchenette (eau chaude/froide), four mixte (traditionnel et micro-onde) réfrigérateur avec compartiment congélateur, bouilloire électrique, cafetière, "
18745	The flat was renovated on October 2014.  The flat consists of an entrance hall with storage, a bedroom, a dressing room, a bathroom and separate toilet, a large open living area (with sofa bed 2 places and a large dining table) with double exposure. There is every comfort: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, induction, Nespresso machine, Freezer, fridge), Internet connexion and a washing machine in the dressing room.  You will have the chance to do romantic dinner on the large balcony.  From the flat, you will have an easy access to all major places to visit in Paris Métro : Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 Bus : Direct access to every train stations (Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Austerlitz, Saint-Lazare)	The flat was renewed on oct. 2014.  You will find a large living room with a confortable sofabed, a large dining table, a kitcken completely furnished and an internet connexion. You will have the chance to do romantic dinner on the large balcony. The flat was renovated on October 2014.  The flat consists of an entrance hall with storage, a bedroom, a dressing room, a bathroom and separate toilet, a large open living area (with sofa bed 2 places and a large dining table) with double exposure. There is every comfort: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, induction, Nespresso machine, Freezer, fridge), Internet connexion and a washing machine in the dressing room.  You will have the chance to do romantic dinner on the large balcony.  From the flat, you will have an easy access to all major places to visit in Paris Métro : Lines 3, 5, 8, 9, 11 Bus : Direct access to every train stations (Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Austerlitz, Saint-Lazare) I'll keep in touc
18746	Idéalement placé avec une déco contemporaine.  Vous trouverez ici tous ce dont vous aurez besoin lors de votre séjour à Paris.  	Charmant studio typiquement parisien avec poutres apparentes, clair et design, idéalement placé à coté du centre BEAUBOURG, dans une rue comprenant tout les commerces et animations. proche des moyens de transport. Idéalement placé avec une déco contemporaine.  Vous trouverez ici tous ce dont vous aurez besoin lors de votre séjour à Paris.  logement entier, wifi gratuit je suis a votre entière disposition pour vous aider et conseiller lors de votre séjours Plein Centre Ville, au cœur du Marais  Situé entre Bastille, République Chalet les halles et Hôtel de ville/Notre Dame  Emplacement idéal pour partir a la découverte de notre Capitale.  Proche toutes commodités (commerce, Boulangerie, Resto, bar...) Proche Tous metro:  Ligne 11 (Rambuteau)  Ligne 3 (Arts et Metiers)  Ligne 1 (Hotel de Ville)  Accès facile aux Aéroports par RER B (Gare du Nord) et aux gares de train: 5 minutes a pied du Quartier du Marais  5 min a pied du centre Georges Pompidou et de châtelet les Halles  5 min direct 
18747		Ce 2 pièces aux poutres apparentes est situé dans une ruelle d'artisans juste derrière la place de la République. Joli appart' tout équipé avec une petite entrée, un séjour-cuisine avec bar, une salle de bain avec baignoire sabot et une chambre.
18748	This flat is the perfect way to discover Paris, the location is very conveniant, in the heart of the Marais.	Ideally located in the heart of the Marais,  between Le Marché des Enfants Rouges, and Saint Paul, a very nice romantic 37m2 apartment, with a 20 m2 terrasse exposed to the sun. Fifth floor with an elevator. Very quite, perfect for a couple.
18749	Studio equiped with all comfort, classic style Paris traditional, kitchenette, refrigerator, microwave, LCD screen TV, shower, convertible sofa bed, sleeping 1-2 people (140x190 cm) .and mezzanine bed a place (190x90 cm),  - Apartment on the 1st floor elevator on street. - Equiped with WiFi. - Washing and drying machine is possible and provided for free ONLY for minimum duration of stay of 1 week ( 7 nights). For shorter duration of stay we shall advise either a self service Laundry shop or a service through professional LAUNDRY (washing and drying for 5 kgs clothes for 20 euros) very close from the flat. - Flat totaly indépendant  located in a busy place. With many grocery stores, supermarkets and small restaurants nearby, open until late at night. - Very close to Metro: Etienne Marcel, Arts et Métiers, Reaumur Sebastopol, RER Chatelet. Arts and Crafts Museum, Centre Pompidou-Beaubourg, of Modern Art;  Notre Dame de Paris (10 min walk); Seine River, and the Musee du Louvre. . Dates fo	Studio equiped with all comfort, classic style Paris traditional, kitchenette, refrigerator, microwave, LCD screen TV, shower, convertible sofa bed, sleeping 1-2 people (140x190 cm) .and mezzanine bed a place (190x90 cm),  - Apartment on the 1st floor elevator on street. - Equiped with WiFi. - Washing and drying machine is possible and provided for free ONLY for minimum duration of stay of 1 week ( 7 nights). For shorter duration of stay we shall advise either a self service Laundry shop or a service through professional LAUNDRY (washing and drying for 5 kgs clothes for 20 euros) very close from the flat. - Flat totaly indépendant  located in a busy place. With many grocery stores, supermarkets and small restaurants nearby, open until late at night. - Very close to Metro: Etienne Marcel, Arts et Métiers, Reaumur Sebastopol, RER Chatelet. Arts and Crafts Museum, Centre Pompidou-Beaubourg, of Modern Art;  Notre Dame de Paris (10 min walk); Seine River, and the Musee du Louvre. . Dates fo
18750	"Welcome to our pretty studio in Le Marais (centre of Paris, 3nd arrondissement) We are Florence and Guillaume.  We rent the flat where we used to live before, so now it's available for you. We have renovate the appartment in 2013 It benefits from the nice surroundings of Le Marais (many shops, restaurants and museums). The two main metro stations are ""République"" (lines 3, 5, 8 and 9) and ""Temple"" (line 3) and many buses around. You will find below more details about the flat. Do not hesitate to contact us for more information.  What about the flat ?  Surface : 20 m² = 215 feet squares Kitchen : owen, micro-wave, kettle, fridge, dishes Room : a double bed (140 x 190 cm) Bathroom : bathtub and washing machine Services : TV (many languages : BBC, CNBC, etc.), Wifi, Phone (free call to abroad land-line phone), sheets and towel included. Others characteristics : sunny (south-facing), give onto a garden, all cupboards empty and so free for your belongings, 6th and last floor under the roof "	"Welcome to our bright south-facing apartment, very well located in the historic center of Paris: Le Marais. Welcome to our pretty studio in Le Marais (centre of Paris, 3nd arrondissement) We are Florence and Guillaume.  We rent the flat where we used to live before, so now it's available for you. We have renovate the appartment in 2013 It benefits from the nice surroundings of Le Marais (many shops, restaurants and museums). The two main metro stations are ""République"" (lines 3, 5, 8 and 9) and ""Temple"" (line 3) and many buses around. You will find below more details about the flat. Do not hesitate to contact us for more information.  What about the flat ?  Surface : 20 m² = 215 feet squares Kitchen : owen, micro-wave, kettle, fridge, dishes Room : a double bed (140 x 190 cm) Bathroom : bathtub and washing machine Services : TV (many languages : BBC, CNBC, etc.), Wifi, Phone (free call to abroad land-line phone), sheets and towel included. Others characteristics : sunny (south-facing),"
18751	Parfaitement situé dans un quartier animé et à proximité de tout, c'est également un cocon dans lequel on a plaisir à se reposer après une grande balade. Idéal pour 2 personnes cet appartement de deux belles pièces offre tout le confort moderne dans le charme de l'ancien : moulures, parquet, cheminée.	Situé dans le quartier stratégique pour visiter Paris, cet appartement chaleureux est à proximité de boutiques, restaurants et desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro. Deux pièces calme, spacieux et joliment meublé, il allie charme de l'ancien et tout le confort nécessaire. Parfaitement situé dans un quartier animé et à proximité de tout, c'est également un cocon dans lequel on a plaisir à se reposer après une grande balade. Idéal pour 2 personnes cet appartement de deux belles pièces offre tout le confort moderne dans le charme de l'ancien : moulures, parquet, cheminée. Charmant et typiquement parisien, le quartier du Marais réunit boutiques, restaurants et lieux (website hidden) pas manquer la balade du dimanche rue de Bretagne. Il y a souvent une brocante et tous les commerces sont ouverts.  À proximité des lignes 3, 5, 8, 9, et 11 il est également desservi par différentes lignes de bus et situé en face d'une borne vélib. Il est à un carrefour stratégique pour visiter la capitale
18752	Très calme et lumineux, au 6e étage orienté plein ouest ce qui permet d'avoir le soleil en fin de journée. Spacieux pour deux personnes, possibilité de couple avec un jeune enfant.	Appartement 2 pièces lumineux proche de la Place de la République (1min à pied) avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. 38m², 1 chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bain, wc séparé. Sur large cour calme au 6e étage sans ascenseur. Proche métro (lignes 3,5,8,9,11). Très calme et lumineux, au 6e étage orienté plein ouest ce qui permet d'avoir le soleil en fin de journée. Spacieux pour deux personnes, possibilité de couple avec un jeune enfant. A une minute à pied de la station République et de ses 5 lignes de métro qui permettent de se rendre rapidement dans les plus beaux lieux de Paris. A l'entrée du Marais, et à deux pas du canal Saint-Martin. La position centrale de l'appartement permet de partir à pied pour joindre les lieux touristiques. La place de l'Hôtel de ville et la Seine sont à 2O mn à pied en traversant le Marais.
18753	 small but functional  and charming flat.  with access to TV, internet, washing machine, towels, bed sheets, hair dresser	"Small loft in the center of paris, in a trendy area called ""le marais"". next to bars, restaurants,bakery, shopping, supermarket, ""marché des enfants rouges"".. the flat is very calm and charming, under rooth. very functional.  small but functional  and charming flat.  with access to TV, internet, washing machine, towels, bed sheets, hair dresser access to all the flat + washing machine you will find metro maps, flyers of good restaurants, bars, shopping.. in the neighbourhood  very lively and trendy area! the flat is next to the famous ""marché des enfants rouges"", perfect to brunch on sunday!very trendy, typical, parisian…  next to the ""café charlot"" near the marais (old architecture of paris) 10min walk from République station 5min walk from Filles du calvaire station Metro ligne: 3,8,9,11,5 Bus stop ""Jean pierre Timbaud "" functional flat:provided with TV, internet,bed sheets, towels, hair dresser, coffee, tea..."
18754	"C'est un studio clair avec vue dégagée, sans vis-à-vis, confortable: deux lits, une salle de bain, télévision, accès à internet, cuisine (micro-onde, plaque chauffante, frigo, vaisselle) et lave linge. Convient parfaitement pour deux personnes. Le bâtiment est juste en face de la station Temple et à 2 minutes de la station République le studio est centré sur paris il vous permettera aisément l'acces au monument , au plus grands magazins ,et au differends quartier de paris. A nice studio with a beautiful and clear view, it is also confortable: with 2 beds, TV, Internet,  kitchen. Perfect for 2 people, the building is based front of Temple subway station and  from 2 minutes for République subway this studio allow you a fast and easy acces to the different momunments , famous shops  galerie ""Lafayette"" ,""printemps"" if you like shopping) , and famous places of Paris montmartre ,Notre dame ..."	A  17m² studio in center of Paris with an nice view on the Marais neighborhood subway on foot of building. Studio , 17 m² situé dans le quartier du Marais, au 6 ème étage , ascenseur, idéal pour 2 personnes. Métro Temple au pied de l'immeuble. C'est un studio clair avec vue dégagée, sans vis-à-vis, confortable: deux lits, une salle de bain, télévision, accès à internet, cuisine (micro-onde, plaque chauffante, frigo, vaisselle) et lave linge. Convient parfaitement pour deux personnes. Le bâtiment est juste en face de la station Temple et à 2 minutes de la station République le studio est centré sur paris il vous permettera aisément l'acces au monument , au plus grands magazins ,et au differends quartier de paris. A nice studio with a beautiful and clear view, it is also confortable: with 2 beds, TV, Internet,  kitchen. Perfect for 2 people, the building is based front of Temple subway station and  from 2 minutes for République subway this studio allow you a fast and easy acces to the di
18755		bedroom, cozy , quiet and cozy can accommodate 1-3 people and is the center in paris . a quiet street , 10 minutes from our dame.peux enjoy its equipped kitchen and its proximitée with all the momument of paris ( effeil turn, notre dame, elysée field, louvre ....)
18756	The perfect pied-a-terre for couples or a solo traveller, this apartment is situated on the 7th and final floor (with an elevator to the 6th floor) and has recently been completely renovated and furnished in a contemporary minimalistic style. The open-plan bedroom and bathroom has an Italian style shower and a queen size bed. The WC is separate. The American style kitchen and breakfast bar is equipped with microwave-oven, hob, nespresso coffee machine and a small fridge with freezer. The living area has floor to ceiling windows, a comfortable sofa and cable television. The apartment also has free unlimited wifi and an international calling plan. The apartment is located at the junction of the trendy Republique area and the Upper Marais and is within easy walking distance of both the hip canal Saint Martin area and the boutique shops and restaurants of the historic Marais quarter. Ideally located between Temple and Republique metro stations, both just a 2 minute walk away allowing quick	Only a stone’s throw away from the iconic Place de la Republique this modern apartment boasts panoramic views over the rooftops of Paris, taking in monuments such as the Pompidou centre. The perfect pied-à-terre for couples or a solo traveller. The perfect pied-a-terre for couples or a solo traveller, this apartment is situated on the 7th and final floor (with an elevator to the 6th floor) and has recently been completely renovated and furnished in a contemporary minimalistic style. The open-plan bedroom and bathroom has an Italian style shower and a queen size bed. The WC is separate. The American style kitchen and breakfast bar is equipped with microwave-oven, hob, nespresso coffee machine and a small fridge with freezer. The living area has floor to ceiling windows, a comfortable sofa and cable television. The apartment also has free unlimited wifi and an international calling plan. The apartment is located at the junction of the trendy Republique area and the Upper Marais and is wi
18757	Description français/english Grand appartement de 130m2 avec 4 chambres, un grand salon longé d'un balcon, une cuisine équipée, et 2 salles de bain.  Situé dans un quartier vivant en plein coeur de Paris, cet appartement est idéal pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis. 4 lits double 1 canapé convertible 2 salles de bain, 1 avec baignoire, 1 avec cabine de douche 2 WC Cuisine équipée: plaques induction, micro-ondes, four, grand frigo, machine à café TV écran plasma, Internet, WIFI Balcon etc. Si vous désirez d'autres informations, je reste à votre disposition. Tiéfaine Cool big flat of 130m2, with 4 bedrooms, a big living room with a balcony, a fitted kitchen and 2 bathrooms. The apartment is perfect for a family or friends group, and it has everything you need for a successful stay in Paris. 4 Double bed Sofa bed 2 Bathrooms, 1 bath and 1  shower stall 2 WC Fitted kitchen: induction plate, microwave, oven, coffe machine, big fridge TV plasma screen, Internet, WIFI Balcony Etc. I'm at yo	Grand appartement de 130m2 avec 4 chambres, un salon et 2 salles de bain.  Situé dans un quartier vivant en plein coeur de Paris, cet appartement est idéal pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis. Description français/english Grand appartement de 130m2 avec 4 chambres, un grand salon longé d'un balcon, une cuisine équipée, et 2 salles de bain.  Situé dans un quartier vivant en plein coeur de Paris, cet appartement est idéal pour une famille ou un groupe d'amis. 4 lits double 1 canapé convertible 2 salles de bain, 1 avec baignoire, 1 avec cabine de douche 2 WC Cuisine équipée: plaques induction, micro-ondes, four, grand frigo, machine à café TV écran plasma, Internet, WIFI Balcon etc. Si vous désirez d'autres informations, je reste à votre disposition. Tiéfaine Cool big flat of 130m2, with 4 bedrooms, a big living room with a balcony, a fitted kitchen and 2 bathrooms. The apartment is perfect for a family or friends group, and it has everything you need for a successful stay in Paris. 4 Do
18758	Charmant et confortable appartement de 36 m² situé en plein cœur du Marais. Composé de 2 pièces dont 1 chambre, cet appartement en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 (voire 5) personnes.  Il est composé d'un espace rangement (avec 2 grands placards), une salle de bain, une cuisine indépendante, un salon-séjour avec canapé-lit convertible double, un coin chambre avec grand lit double. Cet appartement très calme et très lumineux au 1e étage avec ascenseur, bénéficie de l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour en toute tranquillité (Télévision par câble, WIFI, Chaîne HIFI, Internet tout compris, Lecteur DVD, Aspirateur, Fer à repasser, Lave linge, Sèche linge, Linge de maison). Cuisine dînatoire indépendante toute équipée (Avec Vaisselle, Cuisinière vitrocéramique, Frigo, Four grill, Four micro-onde, Grille pain, Machine Nespresso, Linge de table). Grande salle de bain avec baignoire (Serviettes). Parfaitement desservi par les transports en commun parisiens (Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet	Logement parfaitement calme et lumineux, nichée dans une petite rue pietonne, qui débouche sur le coeur de la vie parisienne animée et culturelle. Appartement de caractère, chaleureux où le confort est presque magnétique... Charmant et confortable appartement de 36 m² situé en plein cœur du Marais. Composé de 2 pièces dont 1 chambre, cet appartement en location meublée peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 (voire 5) personnes.  Il est composé d'un espace rangement (avec 2 grands placards), une salle de bain, une cuisine indépendante, un salon-séjour avec canapé-lit convertible double, un coin chambre avec grand lit double. Cet appartement très calme et très lumineux au 1e étage avec ascenseur, bénéficie de l'équipement nécessaire pour un séjour en toute tranquillité (Télévision par câble, WIFI, Chaîne HIFI, Internet tout compris, Lecteur DVD, Aspirateur, Fer à repasser, Lave linge, Sèche linge, Linge de maison). Cuisine dînatoire indépendante toute équipée (Avec Vaisselle, Cuisinière vitrocéramiqu
18759	The flat is furnished of a top new confortable sofa bed. It's really easy to open it and it makes a proper bed. The flat has been fully renovated and it will give you a cosy and warm place to enjoy your stay in Paris.	It's in the heart of Le Marais on the quietest and the most trendy part of the area that you will have your first parisian steps. The flat as the best location close to bars, restaurants, shops, supermarkets, gallery, boutiques etc. The flat is furnished of a top new confortable sofa bed. It's really easy to open it and it makes a proper bed. The flat has been fully renovated and it will give you a cosy and warm place to enjoy your stay in Paris. Wifi is provided, towels and sheets are included. Right in front of the building there is a supermarket ! You will also find fine restaurants and bars in the street close to the flat. Métro Strasbourg Saint Denis Line 4, 8, 9 (the closest) Métro Temple Line 3 (3min walk) Métro République Line (phone number hidden)min walk) Wifi is provided, towels and sheets are included.
18760	Charmant appartement très lumineux d'une surface de 40m2 avec poutres apparentes, cosy avec parquet bambou. Situé au 3eme étage sans ascenseur mais facile d'accès par l'escalier.   L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec mezzanine pour 2 personnes avec Télé. La salle de bain avec douche est fonctionnelle d'un style oriental. La cuisine est toute équipée ouverte sur le salon avec (lave-vaisselle, lave linge, frigo-congel, four...) L'Ambiance de l'appartement boisé et moderne tourné vers le monde. La localisation de l'appartement est proche du centre de Paris situé entre Oberkampf, Le Marais, et République. Vous serez à 2 minutes à pied des métros ( Oberkampf, Fille du Calvaire et République) Tous les commerces sont à proximités (Tabac, Pharmacie, boulangerie, Supermarché et le marché le mardi et jeudi sur le Boulevard Richard Lenoir) Le quartier très vivant vous propose toutes sortes de divertissement culturelle entre les restaurant de quartier, les salles de cncerts et théâtres. Vo	Charmant appartement très lumineux d'une surface de 40m2 avec poutres apparentes, cosy avec parquet bambou. Situé au 3eme étage sans ascenseur mais facile d'accès par l'escalier.   L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec mezzanine pour 2 personnes avec Télé. La salle de bain avec douche est fonctionnelle d'un style oriental. La cuisine est toute équipée ouverte sur le salon avec (lave-vaisselle, lave linge, frigo-congel, four...) L'Ambiance de l'appartement boisé et moderne tourné vers le monde. La localisation de l'appartement est proche du centre de Paris situé entre Oberkampf, Le Marais, et République. Vous serez à 2 minutes à pied des métros ( Oberkampf, Fille du Calvaire et République) Tous les commerces sont à proximités (Tabac, Pharmacie, boulangerie, Supermarché et le marché le mardi et jeudi sur le Boulevard Richard Lenoir) Le quartier très vivant vous propose toutes sortes de divertissement culturelle entre les restaurant de quartier, les salles de cncerts et théâtres. Vo
18761	SPACE 30m2 loft in one piece sunny by 3 windows east side and one west window. I add one skylight (Velux) which lets see stars at night and brings the midday light. 1 small window (funny) allows you to see the Centre Georges Pompidou (I'll show you). You live on the 6th floor. DOUBLE BED is on the mezzanine and you use the SINGLE BED like a small TV lounge The KITCHEN is fully equipped and BATHROOM has a bath (yes). A self-catering accomodation for a COUPLE (a real nest under the roof) or 3 people. The building is QUIET . Windows overlooks a square with trees that cut the noise from the street. The AREA is ALIVE with cafes and restaurants, organic food stores and not organic too. There's a bustling market where people come to have a drink or eat a bite far off cars and traffic. AROUND You are close to the Rue de Bretagne, Marais quarter, Place des Vosges, the Republique Square and Bastille Square. The studio is halfway Republique and Bastille. Buses: 96, 20, 65 - Nearest Metro: Filles 	Trendy studio (loft) at Paris 3° Le Marais 30 m2 - 6th floor with lift. Very Bright with 5 windows, its couple bed stay on mezzanine. A Nest under the Roof Ideal if you look for a romantic holiday ADSL fiber & speed Wifi for business SPACE 30m2 loft in one piece sunny by 3 windows east side and one west window. I add one skylight (Velux) which lets see stars at night and brings the midday light. 1 small window (funny) allows you to see the Centre Georges Pompidou (I'll show you). You live on the 6th floor. DOUBLE BED is on the mezzanine and you use the SINGLE BED like a small TV lounge The KITCHEN is fully equipped and BATHROOM has a bath (yes). A self-catering accomodation for a COUPLE (a real nest under the roof) or 3 people. The building is QUIET . Windows overlooks a square with trees that cut the noise from the street. The AREA is ALIVE with cafes and restaurants, organic food stores and not organic too. There's a bustling market where people come to have a drink or eat a bite far
18762	"The studio is located by the metro Bastille just sptep from the Place des Vosges in the 4th district of Paris. This studio of 20 sqm, on the second floor of a building (17th Century) typical charm of the ""Marais"", is fully equipped to offer you a pleasant stay in the heart of the French capital. Among the facilities you will find: fridge / freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combination microwave oven, crockery and cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, ventilator, unlimited wifi internet access, unlimited telephone calls to 150 destination countries, ADSL TV. The linen is provided for the rental period and you have a confortable sofa bed (140x190). You will find close to all amenities this apartment useful (bakery, butcher, doctor, pharmacy, hospital, laundry, market, restaurants, cafes, hairdressers, supermarkets, theaters, clubs …). The whole neighborhood is very lively, it's considered to be one the t"	"Le studio est situé au pied du métro Bastille, à deux pas de la Place des Vosges, dans le 4ème arrondissement de Paris, au cœur du très célèbre quartier du Marais  The studio is located by the metro Bastille just sptep from the Place des Vosges in the 4th district of Paris. This studio of 20 sqm, on the second floor of a building (17th Century) typical charm of the ""Marais"", is fully equipped to offer you a pleasant stay in the heart of the French capital. Among the facilities you will find: fridge / freezer, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor hood, combination microwave oven, crockery and cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer, iron, vacuum cleaner, ventilator, unlimited wifi internet access, unlimited telephone calls to 150 destination countries, ADSL TV. The linen is provided for the rental period and you have a confortable sofa bed (140x190). You will find close to all amenities this apartment useful (bakery, butcher, doctor, pharmacy, h"
18763	"★In the tradition of ""True Parisian"" charm, this studio with exposed wooden beams throughout and an exposed stone wall is the essence of the Paris of yesteryear. Though recently renovated, the apartment has a hint of 'modest luxury' without giving false impressions. It's a cosy, comfortable space with a high ceiling that gives you space to breathe and relax. Apartment is on 1st floor on pedestrian street (no elevator)."	"The newest addition to the Love Nest family, this central apartment is perfect for whatever the reason may be for your stay in Paris. ★In the tradition of ""True Parisian"" charm, this studio with exposed wooden beams throughout and an exposed stone wall is the essence of the Paris of yesteryear. Though recently renovated, the apartment has a hint of 'modest luxury' without giving false impressions. It's a cosy, comfortable space with a high ceiling that gives you space to breathe and relax. Apartment is on 1st floor on pedestrian street (no elevator). ★ This will be your very own apartment in one of the oldest arrondissements in Paris - Montorgueil.  In the apartment you will have WI-FI access, digital TV and a phone line with free calling to 100 countries land lines.  In the kitchen, you will find everything you need from tea, coffee & sugar to cutlery, plates and glasses. There will also be milk and water in the fridge ready for you to use and cookware should you feel the urge.. Or if"
18764	Location: Paris Arrondissement 3, Paris, Ile-de-France (Paris Area), France, Europe (Place Des Vosges and Musée Picasso Around the Corner) View Map  Accommodations:  Apartment, Studio, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2)  One block from both Place des Vosges and the Musée Picasso, in the heart of the oldest and most historic part of Marais, just above an art gallery, this amazing 27 sq/m studio is ideally situated. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (European no elevator) of a very charming XVIIth century building with a classic historical staircase. It was completely renovated in 2008 and the idea was to establish a dialogue between XVIIth century architecture and modern design, original times and ceiling beams with a very modern equipped kitchen (with a dishwasher, a microwave and a hotplate), an Italian shower and a very comfortable convertible queen size bed . This convertible queen size bed and supplied mattress are premium quality. The apartment, with high ceiling, has a typical view over F	Place des Vosges Le Marais. Best place to stay in Paris, like a village, relaxing in the heart of the historical perimeter of Le Marais in a building built in 1658! The wooden staircase is classified as an historical one. Feel history! Guillaume Location: 42 rue de Turenne Paris , Place Des Vosges and Musée Picasso Around the Corner Accommodations:  Apartment, Studio, 1 Bath (Sleeps 2)  One block from both Place des Vosges and the Musée Picasso, in the heart of the oldest and most historic part of Marais, just above an art gallery, this amazing 27 sq/m studio is ideally situated. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (European no elevator) of a very charming XVIIth century building with a classic historical staircase. It was completely renovated in 2008 and the idea was to establish a dialogue between XVIIth century architecture and modern design, original times and ceiling beams with a very modern equipped kitchen (with a dishwasher, a microwave and a hotplate), an Italian shower 
18765	A colourful artist's atelier tucked away on a very quiet street behind the beautiful Arts et Metiers museum, you'll feel like you've lived here forever in this gorgeous pocket of Paris. It's a large one room place well remodeled where you have a king size bed apart from the main room and a vintage cane bed on the other part for one person, 	A colourful artist's atelier  Cool, tranquil, with huge windows that allow beautiful sunlight and breezes throughout, this apartment mixes eclectic design elements and style with modern furnishings and amenities such as new kitchen, italian bathroom, wi-fi, etc.  A large studio for Paris, the apartment is on the third floor with a lift, easier with the suitcases. .
18766	The apartment is located right across the beautiful 3rd arrondissement City Hall. The building is from 18th century, in the heart of the Marais, at the 4th floor, with no vis à vis. It features a beautiful large living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom with queen size bed. The apartment has been recently renovated and is furnished with style and attention to detail. It is fully equipped with stove, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine, iron and board, Samsung flat screen TV, telephone (free calls), WIFI, IPod dock, hairdryer and bath towels. There are few basics for cooking as well (salt, pepper, teas...) Located at a 2 minutes walk from the metro station 'Temple' on line 3, it is a 5 minutes walk to the Place des Vosges and 10 minutes away from Beaubourg (Contemporary Art Museum), the Louvre and Notre Dame. Phone with FREE AND UNLIMITED CALLS TO ALL LANDLINES IN MORE THAN 30 COUNTRIES AND ON CELL PHONES IN FRANCE, USA/CANADA. Easily accessible from CDG or Orly air	Located in the heart of the beautiful 3rd arrondissement, the building is from 18th century, and located at the corner of Rue de Bretagne and Rue Caffarelli.  It is full of light, well decorated and very quiet.  You will love spending time here! The apartment is located right across the beautiful 3rd arrondissement City Hall. The building is from 18th century, in the heart of the Marais, at the 4th floor, with no vis à vis. It features a beautiful large living room, a separate kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom with queen size bed. The apartment has been recently renovated and is furnished with style and attention to detail. It is fully equipped with stove, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine, iron and board, Samsung flat screen TV, telephone (free calls), WIFI, IPod dock, hairdryer and bath towels. There are few basics for cooking as well (salt, pepper, teas...) Located at a 2 minutes walk from the metro station 'Temple' on line 3, it is a 5 minutes walk to the Place des Vosges an
18767		Really nice studio in Paris. Beaubourg is one of the most central and busy place of the city. The cultural center George Pompidou is at less than 5 minuts by walk. The apartment is pretty small, as it's a studio, there is only one room.  With a comfortable bed in the bedroom area. The bathroom is small but the shower cubicle is pretty large and cool.  Toilets are in a separated room with the washing machine. If there is something wrong in the apartment which prevent you from live fully your stay, do not hesitate to contact me immediately and i will do my best to make you feel like home. I would be pleased to help you; from a simple itinerary request to further informations about nice places to visit and cool clubs to party .. The apartment is in a very good location, le quartier Beaubourg is very busy. Everything's open on sundays.  It's very close from the Cultural Center Georges Pompidou and The Picasso Museum.  There is a street that I love, in the 2nd district, La rue Montorgueil. 
18768	The flat comprises one bedroom with a double bed on a mezzanine with view on Paris roofs, and one large living room with one extra-bed (for 2 persons).	"Two-level 42m2 studio in the heart of Marais, in the Enfants Rouges market / rue de Bretagne area. Fully refurbished in 2014. Sunny and charming. The flat comprises one bedroom with a double bed on a mezzanine with view on Paris roofs, and one large living room with one extra-bed (for 2 persons). Full access to the flat. I am living in another flat in the same building and in any case always reachable by email or cell phone. You will experience the art of living in the upper Marais area, near Marché des enfants rouges (the oldest market of Paris), full of art galleries, hipster cafés and designers shops. Closest metro stations are ""Filles du calvaire"", ""Temple"", ""Arts et Métiers"", ""Saint Sébastien-Froissard"" or ""République"". No elevator (the building was built in the 17th century!)"
18769	Small yet cosy apartment, full of charm with exposed beams on the ceiling, view on the sky and parisian roofs, south exposed and very bright (with shutters to spend a good night).	Intimate and cosy studio on 6th floor (with elevator), quiet and full of this wonderful light you can catch on the roofs of Paris, this is the most wonderful place to spend few days in the very center in one of the most picturesque and fancy streets Small yet cosy apartment, full of charm with exposed beams on the ceiling, view on the sky and parisian roofs, south exposed and very bright (with shutters to spend a good night). You join the apartment on 6th floor with an elevator. In the apartment, you can feel as if you were at home. Guests can join me anytime by phone, text or email In this very central and picturesque area, you can be in few steps in all the most lovely places of the center of Paris and its arty atmosphere : carreau du temple with its food market, rue de Bretagne with designer shops and art galleries, nice restaurants and bars, perfect for an unforgettable stay in the city Metro: Temple (at the top of the street), Republique, Filles du calvaire Lot of buses but you ca
18770	This 72 square meters elegant apartment is at the second floor via stairs and elevator. It consist of one bedroom, 1,5 bathrooms, a living room an entrance and a band new fully equipped kitchen. It is suitable for 4 people. It has been completely renovated a couple of years ago and furnished by elegant furnishing. The bedroom has a queen size bed. The bathroom : washer, big shower cabin, sink.  The living room is furnished by sofas and armchairs, a dining table and minor furniture.  However we can accommodate up to 4 people for short rental, because of a comfortable sofa convertible located in the living room. microwave, fridge, sink, dishwasher, juicer, toaster, mixer etc...  The apartment provides also wifi Internet access and cable TV, free telephone limited to fixes phones for the European Union, USA and Canada.	"Brand new apartment located in Paris center next to Square du Temple and the Marche des Enfants Rouges, the oldest food market in Paris. 15mn walk to Louvre! 72m2 elegant unit: living room with fully equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom. Just ask us if you need recommendations for restaurants, museums, tourist attractions, hot spots and more! The apartment is conveniently located between Place de la Republique, Chatelet-les Halles and the Sentier pedestrian area. Walking distance to Beaubourg Pompidou Modern Art museum, Rue de Bretagne/Turenne fashion district, Rue des Rosiers jewish quarter, Opera, Le Louvre museum, or the late night bars of rue Oberkampf. Metro stop ""Arts et Metiers"" (line 3) is down the block, 3mn walk to ""Republique"" metro stop (lines 8, 9, 3, 5). Apple TV. HD 40""screen. Bose speakers for TV or your music. Cable TV. Playstation 3. Professional fruit juicer, Nespresso coffee machine, fruit mixer, frying pans, water boiler, toaster. Italian shower with rainfall."
18771	THE CHARM OF MARSH AND LUXURY OF A 4 STAR HOTEL It is completely rebuilt from scratch south facing and very quiet in a listed building and 2 steps from the Marais district and the beautiful halls. Subway 100 million or bus also . Two bedrooms , one with a 160 x 200 bed, and bathroom with spa bath and the other with double bed 140 X 190 with shower bathroom. There is wifi, and internet and cable channels , 4 beautiful flat screens, a fully equipped kitchen , dishwasher , washing machine, cooker hood , induction hob, fridge and freezer. For your convenience a Nespresso machine, with refills, and all kitchen utensils . Linen is provided and spotless. In summary superb new and tastefully furnished apartment , south facing, quiet superbly located , with lux 4 star hotel . Everything is new and very clean. The guardian of the building is charming, and the neighborhood also . Les Halles neighborhood is beautiful and lively evening with very good restaurants.	beautiful apartment of 60 M2 3/4 furnished facing garden, large quiet and sunny courtyard, completely renovated listed building in the heart of the famous Marais room.  2 bedrooms, bathroom luxury hotel *****  service  THE CHARM OF MARSH AND LUXURY OF A 4 STAR HOTEL It is completely rebuilt from scratch south facing and very quiet in a listed building and 2 steps from the Marais district and the beautiful halls. Subway 100 million or bus also . Two bedrooms , one with a 160 x 200 bed, and bathroom with spa bath and the other with double bed 140 X 190 with shower bathroom. There is wifi, and internet and cable channels , 4 beautiful flat screens, a fully equipped kitchen , dishwasher , washing machine, cooker hood , induction hob, fridge and freezer. For your convenience a Nespresso machine, with refills, and all kitchen utensils . Linen is provided and spotless. In summary superb new and tastefully furnished apartment , south facing, quiet superbly located , with lux 4 star hotel . Eve
18772	Petit appartement  de charme sous les toits de paris dans un quartier très demandé.  Il se situe aux carreaux du temple , a coté de la rue de bretagne.  Il a une jolie vue dégagée et a tout le charme que l on attend d'un appartement parisien.  Le travaux on été fait l 'année dernière. Agréable a vivre, au fond d 'une impasse, pas de bruit et beaucoup de lumière.   	joli appartement sous les toits de paris. Dans un quartier très recherché.  Beaucoup de charme.  Poutres, hauteur sous plafond de 4 m, pierres apparentes,  double exposition , vu sur paris, mezzanine.  Ideal pour un jeune couple.   Petit appartement  de charme sous les toits de paris dans un quartier très demandé.  Il se situe aux carreaux du temple , a coté de la rue de bretagne.  Il a une jolie vue dégagée et a tout le charme que l on attend d'un appartement parisien.  Le travaux on été fait l 'année dernière. Agréable a vivre, au fond d 'une impasse, pas de bruit et beaucoup de lumière.    vous avez accès au wifi, machine a lavée , drap , serviette il est loué entier.  je serai la juste pour vous recevoir, vous donner les clés  et je serai  joignable  si il y a un éventuel problème.  la rue de bretagne et ses commerces, le marché des enfants rouge, le musée picasso, le marrais et ses restaurants animés.  le metro le plus proche est le métro temple ou république .  Pas d'ascenseur. 
18773		50m² one bedroom appartment in the heart of Paris - République - with a private terrasse / garden! Amazingly quiet
18774	You will feel at home in this beautiful 1 bedroom apartment, comfortable and modern. Overlooking a beautiful flowery inner courtyard , quiet and typically Parisian This apartment is perfect for a weekend with your love as well as your family, as he can welcome till 4 person, it is composed of a nice bedroom all comfort and a cozy lounge with a sofa bed for 2 people, a fully equipped kitchen with stove, oven, refrigerator, coffee machine,  A brandnew bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal a free internet connection via wifi, cable TV with most of the major international TV channels Located at the crossroads of the districts of « Le Marais » and « Montorgueuil » two of the most historical and prestigious district of Paris, riding on the 1st and 2nd districts which are full of shops, restaurants and cafes.  Most of their narrow streets are closed to vehicular and are pedestrian area only, which gives to the « Montorgueil » district or « le Marais » a re	"Beautiful & cosy 1 bedroom, inside a typical parisian building, fully furnished in the earth of Paris with all accommodation in the area.   Subway nearby  ""Réaumur-Sebastopol"" - Line 4 ""Strasbourg-St-Denis"" - Line 4/8/9  a lot of bus station as well You will feel at home in this beautiful 1 bedroom apartment, comfortable and modern. Overlooking a beautiful flowery inner courtyard , quiet and typically Parisian This apartment is perfect for a weekend with your love as well as your family, as he can welcome till 4 person, it is composed of a nice bedroom all comfort and a cozy lounge with a sofa bed for 2 people, a fully equipped kitchen with stove, oven, refrigerator, coffee machine,  A brandnew bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal a free internet connection via wifi, cable TV with most of the major international TV channels Located at the crossroads of the districts of « Le Marais » and « Montorgueuil » two of the most historical and prestigious di"
18775	The apartment is on the fifth floor (with elevator) of a building near the Place de la Republique and the Canal Saint Martin, very close to the Marais district. It s a very bright and functional flat: a little (but comfortable!) bathroom newly renovated, with shower and a window, a bed room with king size bed (160x200) with a dressing area (with window, where there is a folding bed for an extra person), a living room with sofa bed (140x200) and kitchen. The apartment has wifi, cable tv, dvd and Bluray player, CD player and iPod dock, washing machine with dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee. Electric heating. It's a functional and comfortable apartment to discover the whole city: in Place de la Republique there are five subway lines (3, 5, 8, 9, 11). You can get in the Marais district on foot, or on the Canal Saint Martin, very lively and full of nice locals.	The apartment is on the fifth floor (with elevator) of a building near the Place de la Republique and the Canal Saint Martin, very close to the Marais district. It s a very bright and functional flat: a little (but comfortable!) bathroom newly renovated, with shower and a window, a bed room with king size bed (160x200) with a dressing area (with window, where there is a folding bed for an extra person), a living room with sofa bed (140x200) and kitchen. The apartment has wifi, cable tv, dvd and Bluray player, CD player and iPod dock, washing machine with dryer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee. Electric heating. It's a functional and comfortable apartment to discover the whole city: in Place de la Republique there are five subway lines (3, 5, 8, 9, 11). You can get in the Marais district on foot, or on the Canal Saint Martin, very lively and full of nice locals.
18776	THE CHARM OF MARSH AND LUXURY OF A 4 STAR HOTEL It is completely rebuilt from scratch south facing and very quiet in a listed building and 2 steps from the Marais district and the beautiful halls. Subway 100 million or bus also . 3 bedrooms , one with a 160 x 200 bed, and bathroom with spa bath and the others with double bed 140 X 190 with shower bathroom. There is wifi, and internet and cable channels , 4 beautiful flat screens, a fully equipped kitchen , dishwasher , washing machine, cooker hood , induction hob, fridge and freezer. For your convenience a Nespresso machine, with refills, and all kitchen utensils . Linen is provided and spotless. In summary superb new and tastefully furnished apartment , south facing, quiet superbly located , with lux 4 star hotel . Everything is new and very clean. The guardian of the building is charming, and the neighborhood also . Les Halles neighborhood is beautiful and lively evening with very good restaurants.	THE CHARM OF MARAIS AND LUXURY OF 4 STAR HOTEL It is completely rebuilt from scratch south facing and very quiet in a listed building and 2 steps from the Marais district and the beautiful halls. Subway is at 50 M, like restaurants, supermakets .. THE CHARM OF MARSH AND LUXURY OF A 4 STAR HOTEL It is completely rebuilt from scratch south facing and very quiet in a listed building and 2 steps from the Marais district and the beautiful halls. Subway 100 million or bus also . 3 bedrooms , one with a 160 x 200 bed, and bathroom with spa bath and the others with double bed 140 X 190 with shower bathroom. There is wifi, and internet and cable channels , 4 beautiful flat screens, a fully equipped kitchen , dishwasher , washing machine, cooker hood , induction hob, fridge and freezer. For your convenience a Nespresso machine, with refills, and all kitchen utensils . Linen is provided and spotless. In summary superb new and tastefully furnished apartment , south facing, quiet superbly located ,
18777	Place de la République - Paris 11th district | République metro station  Attributes : Queen size bed - Convertible bed 2 pers. (Beds 2/4 people) Details of the apartment Located on the top floor of a Haussmann building, in the middle of downtown Paris, the apartment has been fully renovated summer 2011 in order to please all your expectations. Arranged especially for short and medium term rentals, the apartment offers more comfort than most hotel rooms and more space. The wooden floors, the exposed beams and decorative objects selected with great care give to the apartment a typical Parisian style. Through the window, you will discover a magnificent view of the Place de la Republique and the roofs of Paris : splendid ! Organized in Duplex, the apartment has two beds for four people (a double bed on a mezzanine and a comfortable pull out couch), a fully equipped kitchen, and a brand new bathroom. Very bright and very quiet (the advantage of being on the 6th floor), you will not here any	Place de la République - Paris 11th district | République metro station  Attributes : Queen size bed - Convertible bed 2 pers. (Beds 2/4 people) Details of the apartment Located on the top floor of a Haussmann building, in the middle of downtown Paris, the apartment has been fully renovated summer 2011 in order to please all your expectations. Arranged especially for short and medium term rentals, the apartment offers more comfort than most hotel rooms and more space. The wooden floors, the exposed beams and decorative objects selected with great care give to the apartment a typical Parisian style. Through the window, you will discover a magnificent view of the Place de la Republique and the roofs of Paris : splendid ! Organized in Duplex, the apartment has two beds for four people (a double bed on a mezzanine and a comfortable pull out couch), a fully equipped kitchen, and a brand new bathroom. Very bright and very quiet (the advantage of being on the 6th floor), you will not here any
18778	The apartment was decorated in a cozy / chic style so that your stay will immerse you in a typical Parisian atmosphere. 1) The place INCLUDES all the following equipments :  * Sofa Bed PREMIUM for 2 people (with comfort of a real bed) + 1 bed for one person to accommodate a 3rd guest * Bathroom with bath & WC * Pillows, blanket and bedsheets  * Fully equipped kitchen * * Bath towel, shampoo and soap  2) And you can use FOR FREE :  * Washing machine with dryer  * Internet access via wifi * Hairdryer and straighteners	Newly furnished appartment, all include. Located in the Center of Paris,  you can experience a young and vibrant area in the heart of the marsh and just steps from the Pompidou Center, this charming 16 sqm studio is located on the 4th floor. The apartment was decorated in a cozy / chic style so that your stay will immerse you in a typical Parisian atmosphere. 1) The place INCLUDES all the following equipments :  * Sofa Bed PREMIUM for 2 people (with comfort of a real bed) + 1 bed for one person to accommodate a 3rd guest * Bathroom with bath & WC * Pillows, blanket and bedsheets  * Fully equipped kitchen * * Bath towel, shampoo and soap  2) And you can use FOR FREE :  * Washing machine with dryer  * Internet access via wifi * Hairdryer and straighteners If you have any questions during your stay, feel free to ask :) We speak french, english, chinese and japanese. In a safe and lively area, you will enjoy the narrow streets and its many coffee, brasseries and restaurants nearby.  Many s
18779	THE APARTMENT On the ground floor, the apartment consists of a living room with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom with double showers. The apartment has a lot of charm (exposed beams). - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, double refrigerators with integrated freezer, kettle, toasters, coffemaker as well as dishes, saucepans, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with double showers - Living room with a sofa and a dining table for 4 people - Terrace	The apartment consists of a living room with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom with double showers. Separated bedroom. The apartment has a lot of charm (wooden beams). THE APARTMENT On the ground floor, the apartment consists of a living room with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom with double showers. The apartment has a lot of charm (exposed beams). - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, double refrigerators with integrated freezer, kettle, toasters, coffemaker as well as dishes, saucepans, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with double showers - Living room with a sofa and a dining table for 4 people - Terrace THE BUILDING AND THE DISTRICT In the heart of the Marais, there are numerous galleries and fashion clothing stores. There is everything you need nearby: restaurants, cafes, market covered with fresh products, bakery, pharmacy, supermarket ... FROM / TO AIRPORT From the station Châtelet or North you can take the train to the airport Charles de Gaulle and Orly. LATE ARRIVALS CHARGES For l
18780	    I am a young mom who lives between Paris and Nice. So I find natural to welcome travelers into my cozy apartment which is situated so central Paris.   One of my friends, Diana, will welcome you. The apartment is a charming 2 rooms, fully furnished and ideally placed in the center of the capital. It is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a small building.   This apartment is ideally located: -A Few minutes walk from several metro stations Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, Reaumur Sebastopol, Arts et Métiers, Temple, République (lines (phone number hidden) minutes walk from Chatelet, the Seine river banks, Beaubourg, the City Hall, Canal Saint-Martin -Close to: shops, bars, restaurants, supermarket, bakery, pharmacy ...	The apartment is a charming 2 rooms, fully furnished and ideally placed in the heart of the capital.  It is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a cute building.                I am a young mom who lives between Paris and Nice. So I find natural to welcome travelers into my cozy apartment which is situated so central Paris.   One of my friends, Diana, will welcome you. The apartment is a charming 2 rooms, fully furnished and ideally placed in the center of the capital. It is located on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a small building.   This apartment is ideally located: -A Few minutes walk from several metro stations Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, Reaumur Sebastopol, Arts et Métiers, Temple, République (lines (phone number hidden) minutes walk from Chatelet, the Seine river banks, Beaubourg, the City Hall, Canal Saint-Martin -Close to: shops, bars, restaurants, supermarket, bakery, pharmacy ... The apartment consists of: - KITCHEN opened on the living room, fully equipped (fridge, oven a
18781	Old school appartment in residency dating from the 16th or 17th century...	Big room in le Marais that could fit 1 person up to two couple. The room has 2 main sleeping areas with 1 bed and 1 convertible couch. The room faces greenery in a quiet court-yard and you have access to bathroom/shower, kitchen and washing machine. Old school appartment in residency dating from the 16th or 17th century... Kitchen, living room, bathroom and shower The appartment is located in a quiet residence next to one of the most popular market of the Marais, le marché des enfants rouges great for last minute groceries, thursday night tapas or sunday brunches. And of course all the galeries the Marais has to offer, the Centre Pompidou or the canal Saint Martin within 10 minutes walk, etc. Metro République and its 5 main metro lines is 7 minutes walf distance (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11). With a 10 minutes walk, you can reach line 4 at métro Réaumur Sébastopol or line 1 at métro Hôtel de ville.
18782	This comfortable studio apartment is located on Rue Vertbois, on the north side of the Marais quarter in the 3rd arrondissement, next to the Musée des Arts et Métiers. On the 2nd floor without an elevator it features a cosy living room with a convertible sofa and two large windows. Accommodates 2 guests. This studio of about 20 square meters, or 215 sq ft, includes a comfortable living room with two windows on a quiet street. It features a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters) with a real mattress, a small dining table for two, and a TV set. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and toaster. There are two chairs in front of the kitchen counter. Decoration is modern with a lot of storing space. Free wi-fi available in the apartment. The bathroom includes a toilet, sink and shower. 	This comfortable studio is located on Rue Vertbois, on the north side of the Marais quarter in the 3rd arrondissement, next to the Musée des Arts et Métiers. On the 2nd floor without an elevator it features a cosy living room with a convertible sofa. This comfortable studio apartment is located on Rue Vertbois, on the north side of the Marais quarter in the 3rd arrondissement, next to the Musée des Arts et Métiers. On the 2nd floor without an elevator it features a cosy living room with a convertible sofa and two large windows. Accommodates 2 guests. This studio of about 20 square meters, or 215 sq ft, includes a comfortable living room with two windows on a quiet street. It features a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters) with a real mattress, a small dining table for two, and a TV set. The open-plan kitchen is fully equipped with stove, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and toaster. There are two chairs in front of the kitchen counter. Decoration is modern with a lot of storing space
18783	A Lovely 2 bedroomed flat of 35 square meters situated between the Marais and Bastille It is a   - 5 minute walk to the Bastille  - 2 minute walk to the Marais  -10 minute metro ride to Pere Lachaise  -15 minute metro ride to the Louvres  -18 minute metro ride to the Champs élysées  -5 minute walk to the open air food market at Richard Lenoir   Metro stations nearby  -Line 5 : Richard Lenoir  -Line 8 : Chemin Vert  -Line 1 : Bastille  -Line 9 : Saint Ambroise   The apartment's disposition is like so  - The master bedroom with view on a courtyard with a double bed(140x180) a large wardrobe with folding and hanging space    -The bathroom with a baththub(with a shower head), toilet and basin  -The open space living room and kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with bar, washing machine, dishwasher, oven,stove and microwave. The living room is equipped with shelves, sofa bed suitable for 2 people, television and internet access.    For more information or any particular questions, don't h	A Lovely 2 bedroomed flat of 35 square meters situated between the Marais and Bastille It is a   - 5 minute walk to the Bastille  - 2 minute walk to the Marais  -10 minute metro ride to Pere Lachaise  -15 minute metro ride to the Louvres  -18 minute metro ride to the Champs élysées  -5 minute walk to the open air food market at Richard Lenoir   Metro stations nearby  -Line 5 : Richard Lenoir  -Line 8 : Chemin Vert  -Line 1 : Bastille  -Line 9 : Saint Ambroise   The apartment's disposition is like so  - The master bedroom with view on a courtyard with a double bed(140x180) a large wardrobe with folding and hanging space    -The bathroom with a baththub(with a shower head), toilet and basin  -The open space living room and kitchen The kitchen is fully equipped with bar, washing machine, dishwasher, oven,stove and microwave. The living room is equipped with shelves, sofa bed suitable for 2 people, television and internet access.    For more information or any particular questions, don't h
18784	Spacious 1 bedroom apartment (50 m2), very confortable for a couple or a couple and 2 kids (two comfy sofa beds on the living room). Could also accommodate 4 friends.	Cosy and handy apartment ver well located in the Upper Marais, close to Bastille Spacious 1 bedroom apartment (50 m2), very confortable for a couple or a couple and 2 kids (two comfy sofa beds on the living room). Could also accommodate 4 friends. You will welcome by one of my friend who knows Paris very well. For any additional information during your stay, I will be reached by phone, text, whatsapp or the Airbnb's app. Marais, Bastille, Plage des Vosges, République... everything is around ! Museum, Theatres, fashions stores, All public transports (métro, RER, buses...). You can walk from the apartment to Seine's banks (10 min), Bastille (5 min), République (5 minutes), le Marais (30 seconds), Louvre (20 minutes), Les Halles (15 minutes), Opéra (25 minutes)... Just enjoy your stay in Paris :)
18785	My apartment is located in the heart of Paris, a few minutes walk from Beaubourg and le Marais, next to the subway Arts & Metiers and Reaumur Sebastopol.  The aprtment is on the second floor without elevator.  The apartment is fully furnished. There is one bedroom with separate bathroom, one living-room and one dining-room. What I leave for your use in my flat :  - Clean towels  - Shower gel, shampoo  - Blow dryer  - Bed with clean sheets  There is one bedroom with separate bathroom, one living-room and one dining-room.  The housekeeper is coming the day before you check-in and is including in the price of the rent.  Perfect place to enjoy the city for a week or a week-end !	My apartment is located in the heart of Paris, a few minutes walk from Beaubourg and le Marais, next to the subway Arts & Metiers and Reaumur Sebastopol.  The aprtment is on the second floor without elevator.  The apartment is fully furnished. There is one bedroom with separate bathroom, one living-room and one dining-room. What I leave for your use in my flat :  - Clean towels  - Shower gel, shampoo  - Blow dryer  - Bed with clean sheets  There is one bedroom with separate bathroom, one living-room and one dining-room.  The housekeeper is coming the day before you check-in and is including in the price of the rent.  Perfect place to enjoy the city for a week or a week-end !
18786	The apartment is on the third floor (4th floor if counted the North American way), with an elevator.  The living room includes a seating area around the fireplace with a leather sofa, two leather club chairs and a long coffe table. The sofa does NOT convert into a bed. It also includes a dining area with a large table. Three big windows on the street let in a lot of light and even sunlight in the afternoon. The bedroom is quiet, facing the courtyard and directcly overlooking a garden terrace with lemon and olive trees. A double bed 140*190 can accommodate 2 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to cook in the apartment (an induction hob and a traditionnal oven but no microwave, neither a dishwasher). You can also prepare a breakfast with the nespresso coffee machine, the toaster and the electric tea kettle. There is also a washing machine that is also a dryer. The bathroom is equiped with a full-size tub and is decorated with natural stone tiles.	On 3rd floor with elevator, centrally located in the marais, a very parisian apartement with wooden floor and fireplace. The apartment offers a large living room, a bedroom with a double bed, a kitchen, a bathroom and a small terrace with lemon trees The apartment is on the third floor (4th floor if counted the North American way), with an elevator.  The living room includes a seating area around the fireplace with a leather sofa, two leather club chairs and a long coffe table. The sofa does NOT convert into a bed. It also includes a dining area with a large table. Three big windows on the street let in a lot of light and even sunlight in the afternoon. The bedroom is quiet, facing the courtyard and directcly overlooking a garden terrace with lemon and olive trees. A double bed 140*190 can accommodate 2 persons. The kitchen is fully equipped if you want to cook in the apartment (an induction hob and a traditionnal oven but no microwave, neither a dishwasher). You can also prepare a bre
18787		If we had to tell what makes this appartement a lovely place to stay, we would probably mention the location first.
18788		  You will enjoy your Parisian trip living in this studio near to everything.Opera/Republique/Chatelet/Le Louvre, walking around those areas will make your stay memorable.    Everything, supermarket, subway, pharmacy, baker etc... I am very open with my guest and helpful if any needs. That its is very central and very safe
18789	"The apartment is located in a quiet street on the first floor in the upper Marais within a few minutes walk of some of Paris most significant attractions like Place De Vosges, Grands Boulevards.This is an area in which you will find many restaurants and cafés, and also many shops opened on Sundays too. The apartment is modern and well furnished with a nice atmosphere. It is a one room apartment separated by a beautiful ""verrière"".There is a comfortable queen size bed. This is a quiet apartment, with 3 windows on a courtyard. Modern bathroom with hair dryer and washing machine. Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, toaster, espresso maker, refrigerator, cooking utensils, various glasses. High-speed unlimited INTERNET connection + LCD TV with over 100 cable & English channels - Iron and ironing boardThe apartment is located near metro ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"" and close to ""Arts et Métiers"" and ""Temple"".Late check out can be possible."	"The apartment is located in a quiet street on the first floor in the upper Marais within a few minutes walk of some of Paris most significant attractions like Place De Vosges, Grands Boulevards.This is an area in which you will find many restaurants and cafés, and also many shops opened on Sundays too. The apartment is modern and well furnished with a nice atmosphere. It is a one room apartment separated by a beautiful ""verrière"".There is a comfortable queen size bed. This is a quiet apartment, with 3 windows on a courtyard. Modern bathroom with hair dryer and washing machine. Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, toaster, espresso maker, refrigerator, cooking utensils, various glasses. High-speed unlimited INTERNET connection + LCD TV with over 100 cable & English channels - Iron and ironing boardThe apartment is located near metro ""Strasbourg Saint Denis"" and close to ""Arts et Métiers"" and ""Temple"".Late check out can be possible."
18790		My flat is ideal for sejourning in paris, you can do everything by walk, ( notre-dame, musee du louvres, center pompidou, place des vosges, le marais…) the flat has all commodities, and i will try to provide you the best service.
18791	Cet appartement est vraiment typique du marais avec les poutres apparentes et le charme du marais avec ses hauteurs sous plafond élevées et sa luminosité.	Charmant deux pièces atypique sous les toits, accueillant, calme avec des poutres apparentes en plein coeur du marais. Vous pourrez flâner dans les rues, musées, marchés, restaurants du quartier tout en rentrant chez vous et vous reposez dans ce lieu cosy. Cet appartement est vraiment typique du marais avec les poutres apparentes et le charme du marais avec ses hauteurs sous plafond élevées et sa luminosité. La cuisine est toutes équipée avec machine expresso, machine à laver le linge, lave vaisselle et tous les ustensiles nécessaires pour un bon séjour. Je suis très disponible et toujours à l'écoute de la moindre demande des voyageurs. Qu'ils aient besoin de conseils où d'endroits à découvrir, ou de questions sur l'appartement. Le quartier est en plein coeur du marais avec le musée Picasso, le carreau du temple, et le marché des enfants rouges juste en bas de l'appartement. Les stations de métro et de bus sont nombreuses. République, temple, arts et métiers ou filles du calvaire (lign
18792	possibilité d'un hote supplementaire dans le canapé lit du salon.	Full of light,recently all rebuilt very nice 2 bedrooms flat in the heart of Paris
18793	This 25 square meter / 270 square feet (+ attic) appartment is located on the 5th floor of a 17th century building in Rue des Gravilliers,WITHOUT LIFT, only steps away from métro station ‘arts & métiers’, three minutes walk from Beaubourg Pompidou Centre and the Picasso Museum.  The appartment has all the amenities you need : Wifi , computer, printer, french mobile phone on request for free fully stocked kitchen, glassware, refrigerator, toaster, coffee machine,  microwave…  There is a convertible sofa that unfolds into a high quality full size bed and a full size bed in the quaint mezzanine / attic should you want to accomodate two  guests.   For your convenience, you’ll find the kitchen cupboards filled with tea, coffee, chocolate, biscuits and everything you need for a good breakfast, as well as bed linen, towels, tourist maps…	"This 25 square meter / 270 square feet (+ attic) appartment is located on the 5th floor of a 17th century building in Rue des Gravilliers,WITHOUT LIFT, only steps away from métro station ‘arts & métiers’, three minutes walk from Beaubourg Pompidou Centre and the Picasso Museum.  The appartment has all the amenities you need : Wifi , computer, printer, french mobile phone on request for free fully stocked kitchen, glassware, refrigerator, toaster, coffee machine,  microwave…  There is a convertible sofa that unfolds into a high quality full size bed and a full size bed in the quaint mezzanine / attic should you want to accomodate two  guests.   For your convenience, you’ll find the kitchen cupboards filled with tea, coffee, chocolate, biscuits and everything you need for a good breakfast, as well as bed linen, towels, tourist maps… metro ""Arts & métiers"" at 2mn metro station ""Arts et (email hidden)"
18794	Charming studio apartment fully equipped and furnished, spacious (30m2), on the 1st floor of a traditional Marais building, at the back of a quiet courtyard. Lots of charm, calm, exposed wooden beam ceilings. The first room is the kitchen, perfectly equipped with washing machine, electric stove, oven, coffee maker, and all the pans and dishes you need to cook and receive at home.  The second room has a double bed and an additional sofa bed that makes a bed for 2 additional people, antique table and chairs. The two windows give on a calm courtyard. The tiled white bathroom has just been renovated. It has a sink, a tub with shower hand set and a toilet.  The location of the studio is excellent on a little street (rue des Gravilliers) that runs perpendicular to rue Beaubourg, rue du Temple and rue des Archives. It has very good transportation connections: Métro Arts et Métiers, which is a two-minute walk from the studio, offers excellent connections to other parts of the city. You are als	Charming studio apartment fully equipped and furnished, spacious (30m2), on the 1st floor of a traditional Marais building, at the back of a quiet courtyard. Lots of charm, calm, exposed wooden beam ceilings. The first room is the kitchen, perfectly equipped with washing machine, electric stove, oven, coffee maker, and all the pans and dishes you need to cook and receive at home.  The second room has a double bed and an additional sofa bed that makes a bed for 2 additional people, antique table and chairs. The two windows give on a calm courtyard. The tiled white bathroom has just been renovated. It has a sink, a tub with shower hand set and a toilet.  The location of the studio is excellent on a little street (rue des Gravilliers) that runs perpendicular to rue Beaubourg, rue du Temple and rue des Archives. It has very good transportation connections: Métro Arts et Métiers, which is a two-minute walk from the studio, offers excellent connections to other parts of the city. You are als
18795	Paris 3rd arrondissement Marais - Centre Pompidou   This very charming apartment is located in the rue de Portefoin, in a XIX Century building, few steps away from the Square du Temple, the trendy shops of rue de Bretagne and the Market of the Red Children (Le Marché des Enfants Rouge), the oldest food market in Paris. You can also take a stroll to Picasso Museum, the Cirque d'hiver, the Place des Vosges, the Opera Bastille or to the Centre Georges Pompidou. This 50 square meters very elegant apartment is at the fifth floor with the elevator. It can accomodate 4 people. It has been completely refurbished by an architect in November 2011. It consist of an entry, a separate kitchen, a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The bedroom has a king size bed, a large cupboard and minor furnishings. The living room offer a dining area with a table for 6 people, and a sitting area with a sofa convetible in a queen size bed for the night. The bathroom offer a wide shower cabin, washbasin, WC an	1 bedroom apartment, 50 m2, located in Marais district  Paris 3rd arrondissement Marais - Centre Pompidou   This very charming apartment is located in the rue de Portefoin, in a XIX Century building, few steps away from the Square du Temple, the trendy shops of rue de Bretagne and the Market of the Red Children (Le Marché des Enfants Rouge), the oldest food market in Paris. You can also take a stroll to Picasso Museum, the Cirque d'hiver, the Place des Vosges, the Opera Bastille or to the Centre Georges Pompidou. This 50 square meters very elegant apartment is at the fifth floor with the elevator. It can accomodate 4 people. It has been completely refurbished by an architect in November 2011. It consist of an entry, a separate kitchen, a living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The bedroom has a king size bed, a large cupboard and minor furnishings. The living room offer a dining area with a table for 6 people, and a sitting area with a sofa convetible in a queen size bed for the night. 
18796	Great Comfortable Apartement Newly Renovated available ! The apartement is in a classified 30's building, on the 6th floor with elevator. It's located in the ideal position in Paris : right in the centre, so you will be a an equivalent distance from all touristic attractions in the city.  At the same time, in the heart of the lovely Marais, you will be at a walking distance from all its bars, restaurants and museums. The apartment is 474sq.ft (44m2) + Balcony, in a high-standing and secured building. Located on the 6th floor, it's really bright and offers a great view over the roofs of Paris (you can even see the Eiffel Tower). Recently renovated, all furnitures are new.  You will find a spacious living room with a large table to have lunch/dinner, a comfortable convertible sofa (big enough for 2 people to sleep), a king-size bed (for 2 people) and a separated kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped with : stove, micro-wave oven, fridge, filter coffee machine, kettle and everything you 	Great Comfortable Apartement Newly Renovated available ! The apartement is in a classified 30's building, on the 6th floor with elevator. It's located in the ideal position in Paris : right in the centre, so you will be a an equivalent distance from all touristic attractions in the city.  At the same time, in the heart of the lovely Marais, you will be at a walking distance from all its bars, restaurants and museums. The apartment is 474sq.ft (44m2) + Balcony, in a high-standing and secured building. Located on the 6th floor, it's really bright and offers a great view over the roofs of Paris (you can even see the Eiffel Tower). Recently renovated, all furnitures are new.  You will find a spacious living room with a large table to have lunch/dinner, a comfortable convertible sofa (big enough for 2 people to sleep), a king-size bed (for 2 people) and a separated kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped with : stove, micro-wave oven, fridge, filter coffee machine, kettle and everything you 
18797		This one bedroom refurbished apt is situated on a 2nd floor without lift. It was completely renewed and has a small bedroom with double bed, a sitting room with sofa bed a small table and a modern TV. The kitchen is fully equiped and is very modern
18798	"This charming and very quiet 3 rooms apartment with 1 bedroom and 1 double living room and a big kitchen and 1 bath room is in the centre of Paris and very close to the Paris biggest train station ""GARE DU NORD"". It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the last Floor. The sun lays on our flat in the mainly day time. It has been completely refurbished, equipped with internet, Wi-Fi, television, telephone and kitchen, and all the terms and conditions necessary for a good stay. It is ideal for 2-3 people to stay and relax. "	"High ceiling apartment, with view on the rooftops in the center of Paris, former artist studio all furnished in vintage style, very sunny thanks to 7 huge windows! This charming and very quiet 3 rooms apartment with 1 bedroom and 1 double living room and a big kitchen and 1 bath room is in the centre of Paris and very close to the Paris biggest train station ""GARE DU NORD"". It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the last Floor. The sun lays on our flat in the mainly day time. It has been completely refurbished, equipped with internet, Wi-Fi, television, telephone and kitchen, and all the terms and conditions necessary for a good stay. It is ideal for 2-3 people to stay and relax. This apartment is really well located, in the theater district, 5min walk from museums and Gare de l'Est. "
18799		60 m2 - 3 rooms ( fully equipped kitchen / dinner room, living room, bedroom, bathroom ) Very quiet, facing yard. 2nd floor with a lot of light (6 windows) Swedish spirit & peaceful design. Huge bed of top quality + pull-out sofa.
18800	"The appartement is Located in the heart of the historical and fashionable district Le Marais, two minutes walk from the trendiest shops, my sq m 60 apartment is a stylish and one-off property, on the 2nd floor of a ""hôtel particulier"" (the Parisian residence of the aristocracy).  Great light, high ceilings with exposed beams.  A large room with a huge convertible sofa bed (king size) + a long table. Bright cheerful kitchen, fully equipped, bathroom with bath tub, flat screen TV, lots of storage. As a traveller, I am delighted to host fellow travellers and I would be happy if you feel at home here, the same way as I like to feel at home when I go abroad! Métro 8/1/3/5 Bus 96/65/20"	"Big room which includes living and dining room + with a small double bed (queen size) 120x190 et a small size bed 90x190 )+ a huge convertible sofa bed (king size) + a long table. Can accomodate confortably until 3 people.  The appartement is Located in the heart of the historical and fashionable district Le Marais, two minutes walk from the trendiest shops, my sq m 60 apartment is a stylish and one-off property, on the 2nd floor of a ""hôtel particulier"" (the Parisian residence of the aristocracy).  Great light, high ceilings with exposed beams.  A large room with a huge convertible sofa bed (king size) + a long table. Bright cheerful kitchen, fully equipped, bathroom with bath tub, flat screen TV, lots of storage. As a traveller, I am delighted to host fellow travellers and I would be happy if you feel at home here, the same way as I like to feel at home when I go abroad! Métro 8/1/3/5 Bus 96/65/20 Travelers will have to share the parts in common with a girl , who have their room in t"
18801	Metro Ligne 3 - arts et metiers	Bright and charming studio apartement in the Marais . Steps from the subway,great restaurants and bars.You will love this area ! Metro Ligne 3 - arts et metiers Metro Ligne 3 - arts et metiers
18802	The decoration and furnishings will make you feel at home in Paris, while also sending you on an imaginary journey thanks to the collector Cole & Son wallpapers, one depicting Rome and the other a stylized mountain theme. The furnishings are an eclectic blend of contempory and vintage.  The amenities reflect a contemporary spirit, featuring extensive use of varnished resin in the bathroom and kitchen. Each room has it's own feel, some with bold color themes and others more subdued.   	On the saunny 4th floor (with elevator) of this Marais apartment, you will enjoy views over Paris rooftops as well as a charming courtyard. The famous Place des Vosges is just around the block, as is the lovely rue du Parc-Royal, the street that used The decoration and furnishings will make you feel at home in Paris, while also sending you on an imaginary journey thanks to the collector Cole & Son wallpapers, one depicting Rome and the other a stylized mountain theme. The furnishings are an eclectic blend of contempory and vintage.  The amenities reflect a contemporary spirit, featuring extensive use of varnished resin in the bathroom and kitchen. Each room has it's own feel, some with bold color themes and others more subdued.   The apartment can sleep up to a maximum of 3 persons, in one double bed (separate bedroom), one couch bed (separate room) and an airbed if requested. Acces to the bathroom from the second bedroom requires passage through the main bedroom. 
18803	This awesome, small, cozy,comfy apartment is available in early August 2013 for two weeks. Near the Temple, Arts et Métiers, Strasbourg Saint Denis and Republique subway stations. Shopping street with restaurants, cafes, art galleries and boutiques. The apartment has a living room of 18 m2, a mezzanine, a convertible sofa (so the apt. sleeps 4 people) a small kitchen (very small - 1.5 m2) and a lovely bathroom 3.5 m2.	This awesome, small, cozy,comfy apartment is available in early August 2013 for two weeks. Near the Temple, Arts et Métiers, Strasbourg Saint Denis and Republique subway stations. Shopping street with restaurants, cafes, art galleries and boutiques. The apartment has a living room of 18 m2, a mezzanine, a convertible sofa (so the apt. sleeps 4 people) a small kitchen (very small - 1.5 m2) and a lovely bathroom 3.5 m2. Wifi The whole apartment - no one else to share it with: the whole kitchen + bathroom + living room all for one pair of guests! Feel free to contact me if you have any question! Upper Marais is great for tourism. You can go shopping, read in squares, wander from gallery to gallery. Dwell on the terrace of a café. My suggestion: The NordMarrais literally right next to the apartment and Café Petite, a little further. Near the Temple, Arts et Métiers, Strasbourg Saint Denis and Republique subway stations Line 3, 5, 8, 9 11: République subway station Line 4, 8, 9: Strasbourg 
18804	"In the Heart of Historical Paris, a charming three-bedroom apartment that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator (rare in this neighborhood). Idéal for families. You can't get More Central ! 5 minute walk from Bastille, Republique, Place des Vosges and Picasso Muséum . A leisurely walk to Notre Dame or to Beaubourg Museum through the Marais, would take less than half hour.  Very safe and central area. There is a 4 Stars hotel next to my building called ""Jardins du Marais"". Very Safe and Comfortable Flat. This comfortable family apartment is newly renovated and sparkling clean, with hardwood floors, marble floors in the bathroom, toilet and kitchen. It consists of : - an entrance hall with storage - a large living room/dining room with a queen-size sofa bed and balcony - a double bedroom with comfortable queen-sized bed and terrace - a bedroom with extra-long comfortable single bed. Possibility to add a second bed on request. - a single bedroom wit"	"Charming and Spacious 3 Bedrooms Apart, Modern and Sunny, 882 Sq Ft, Recently Renovated, Secure Building, Very Comfortable Beds, Terraces, large windows, beautiful view of old Marais buildings. You can't get more central and better value for money ! In the Heart of Historical Paris, a charming three-bedroom apartment that combines historic beauty with every modern convenience, including an elevator (rare in this neighborhood). Idéal for families. You can't get More Central ! 5 minute walk from Bastille, Republique, Place des Vosges and Picasso Muséum . A leisurely walk to Notre Dame or to Beaubourg Museum through the Marais, would take less than half hour.  Very safe and central area. There is a 4 Stars hotel next to my building called ""Jardins du Marais"". Very Safe and Comfortable Flat. This comfortable family apartment is newly renovated and sparkling clean, with hardwood floors, marble floors in the bathroom, toilet and kitchen. It consists of : - an entrance hall with storage - a l"
18805	Apartment of 2 rooms, can accommodate 4 persons located Rue Charlot in Paris 3ème arrondissement.  You will find at your disposal an unlimited Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television. 	This 36 square meters 1 bedroom apartment is located on rue Charlot in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris in the Marais district. It lies on the 3rd French floor without elevator. It`s a typical apartment in the Marais. Apartment of 2 rooms, can accommodate 4 persons located Rue Charlot in Paris 3ème arrondissement.  You will find at your disposal an unlimited Internet access, WiFi, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, international TV channels, electric heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television. This area is known as fashionable and trendy and boutiques seem to spring up daily. It is close to many places like the Centre Georges Pompidou, Place de l´hotel de Ville, Conservatoire des Arts et Metiers, Place de la Republique. This area is the center and the oldest part of Paris, and contains m
18806	You are looking comfortable and cozy apartment in the heart of Paris? I rent my apartment, with wooden floors and beams, it has all the charm of old apartments in the Marais and the old Paris. You will be delighted by its warmth and comfort. My apartment is located next to Republic in the northern Marais 3rd district. There is no more central and better connected. You can choose between five underground stations just 5 minutes walk or less and 5 subway lines. The apartment measures 58 m², 2 rooms, it features 2 bedrooms with a bathroom, a kitchen and a large living room of 25 sqm. It can host up to 6 persons. Guests can relax by taking a bath in the bathroom or taking advantage of my living room, with a large and soft sofa. You have everything at hand to cook like you'll want: a brand new kitchen, fully equipped, a supermarket down the building and futures 10 min. walk. yum :) To make your visits, you can do many things on foot! Notre Dame and the Ile de la Cité are 15 min. walk for ex	You are looking comfortable and cozy apartment in the heart of Paris? I rent my apartment, with wooden floors and beams, it has all the charm of old apartments in the Marais and the old Paris. It can host up to 6 persons. You are looking comfortable and cozy apartment in the heart of Paris? I rent my apartment, with wooden floors and beams, it has all the charm of old apartments in the Marais and the old Paris. You will be delighted by its warmth and comfort. My apartment is located next to Republic in the northern Marais 3rd district. There is no more central and better connected. You can choose between five underground stations just 5 minutes walk or less and 5 subway lines. The apartment measures 58 m², 2 rooms, it features 2 bedrooms with a bathroom, a kitchen and a large living room of 25 sqm. It can host up to 6 persons. Guests can relax by taking a bath in the bathroom or taking advantage of my living room, with a large and soft sofa. You have everything at hand to cook like you
18807	"Familial apartement of 120sqm in the center of Paris. The apartments can sleep up to 6 people. Our place has been renewed in 2010 with modern materials and offers all you should need for your stay One bedroom with kingsize bed, two other bedrooms with 3 single bed. The living room also has a very comfortable sofa bed. You have a fully equipped kitchen, two bathrooms (bathtub and shower),  laundry room.Two toilets are (website hidden) and internet are provided( high speed and wifi). The apartment is on the top floor of the building (5th floor with elevator) and is offering a nice view on parisians roofs. The neighbourhood is quiet and is offering great facilities for museums (le Louvre, Beaubourg), shopping, restaurants and market place in ""la rue Montorgueuil""( 400m). You will be close to the ""theatre du châtelet"" and the ""theatre de la ville"". You will be close to ""rue Etienne Marcel"" and ""les halles"". Subway facilities: lines 3/4 station Réaumur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel. From airpo"	"Close to ""le marais"", my apartment is ideal for families, it has 3 BEDROOMS. Electricity is not included in the price, so electrical counter will be checked at the entrance of the stay and at the check out with indexes. Familial apartement of 120sqm in the center of Paris. The apartments can sleep up to 6 people. Our place has been renewed in 2010 with modern materials and offers all you should need for your stay One bedroom with kingsize bed, two other bedrooms with 3 single bed. The living room also has a very comfortable sofa bed. You have a fully equipped kitchen, two bathrooms (bathtub and shower),  laundry room.Two toilets are (website hidden) and internet are provided( high speed and wifi). The apartment is on the top floor of the building (5th floor with elevator) and is offering a nice view on parisians roofs. The neighbourhood is quiet and is offering great facilities for museums (le Louvre, Beaubourg), shopping, restaurants and market place in ""la rue Montorgueuil""( 400m). Y"
18808	Paris 3rd arrondissement, in the Haut Marais. Loft style 60 m2 apartment overlooking a quiet courtyard. It comprises a 32m2 living room with a contemporary fire place, a bedroom, bathroom and well equipped kitchen. Beautifully designed by an architect the apartment combines light (7 windows) and high ceilings to create a modern and elegant retreat in a well restored and cared for period building.  The location, by trendy Marais and canal Saint Martin, close to Beaubourg and countless Paris attractions is very enviable.  Metro lines are  (phone number hidden) Bus lines ARE  (phone number hidden)  City car hire (Autolib) and bike hire (Velib) as well as taxis are all steps away.  5 nights booking minimum	Paris 3rd arrondissement, in the Haut Marais. Loft style 60 m2 apartment overlooking a quiet courtyard. It comprises a 32m2 living room with a contemporary fire place, a bedroom, bathroom and well equipped kitchen. Beautifully designed by an architect the apartment combines light (7 windows) and high ceilings to create a modern and elegant retreat in a well restored and cared for period building.  The location, by trendy Marais and canal Saint Martin, close to Beaubourg and countless Paris attractions is very enviable.  Metro lines are  (phone number hidden) Bus lines ARE  (phone number hidden)  City car hire (Autolib) and bike hire (Velib) as well as taxis are all steps away.  5 nights booking minimum
18809	In the heart of the Marais, you will find this very nice apartment, with all the comforts you could wish, 4 floor. Side of sleeping, the room is equipped with a double bed in 140 by 190, in the living room there is a very comfortable sofa bed (with a real mattress) for two to 140 by 200. A cot is available upon request. The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities you might need, the lounge is equipped with a 80cm LCD television, DVD player and DVDs, cable TV, Internet; in the bathroom with a shower you will find washing and drying machines, ironing board, iron. The Marais is one of the oldest neighborhoods and most searched of Paris, the city's designers, fashion and design outputs. The apartment is located right next to Beaubourg, very close to Chatelet, Notre Dame, Saint Michel and Latin Quarter, Rivoli, the Louvre ... The subway station is located Rambuteau in front of the building (20m), there are two grocery store right next to the building and others nearby, as well as b	In the heart of the Marais, you will find this very nice apartment, with all the comforts you could wish, 4 floor. Side of sleeping, the room is equipped with a double bed in 140 by 190, in the living room there is a very comfortable sofa bed (with a real mattress) for two to 140 by 200. A cot is available upon request. The kitchen is fully equipped with all the amenities you might need, the lounge is equipped with a 80cm LCD television, DVD player and DVDs, cable TV, Internet; in the bathroom with a shower you will find washing and drying machines, ironing board, iron. The Marais is one of the oldest neighborhoods and most searched of Paris, the city's designers, fashion and design outputs. The apartment is located right next to Beaubourg, very close to Chatelet, Notre Dame, Saint Michel and Latin Quarter, Rivoli, the Louvre ... The subway station is located Rambuteau in front of the building (20m), there are two grocery store right next to the building and others nearby, as well as b
18810	One of the rare apartments with wooden beams on the ceiling ! Charming and authentic. 35m², double bed and convertible sofa.	Cozy apartment in the historical Marais. Very comfortable, only 50m away from the Centre Georges Pompidou, Notre-Dame's cathedral. Museums, lots of small shops and gardens. One of the rare apartments with wooden beams on the ceiling ! Charming and authentic. 35m², double bed and convertible (website hidden), WiFi, electrical heating and stove, toaster, oven, Italian coffee pot, bathtub ! The Marais, historical center of Paris. Next to the centre Pompidou, les Halles, place de la République, place des Vosges with the house of Victor Hugo. Hôtel de Ville, St Paul, Notre Dame's cathedral, all of that only 10mns away by foot ! Easy access, subway is 50m away. Two stops from Châtelet and from République.
18811	"Brand new studio in a quiet building. Located in the Marais district ""connected"" to the capital, you will be ideally placed to visit Paris; metro station 2 minutes, bus, Velib ...  This apartment has a real bed (140 cm x 200 cm). Sheets, duvets, and pillows are provided. Conveniently close to the beautiful Rue de Bretagne with its cafes and food market, rue des Archives (gay district), rue des Rosiers ( jewish district), even walking distance form trendy Canal Saint Martin. "	"On the ground floor courtyard of a beautiful building typical of the Marais, this studio consists of a main room with a bed for 2, a kitchenette, a bathroom with toilet, WIFI and a flat screen TV. Brand new studio in a quiet building. Located in the Marais district ""connected"" to the capital, you will be ideally placed to visit Paris; metro station 2 minutes, bus, Velib ...  This apartment has a real bed (140 cm x 200 cm). Sheets, duvets, and pillows are provided. Conveniently close to the beautiful Rue de Bretagne with its cafes and food market, rue des Archives (gay district), rue des Rosiers ( jewish district), even walking distance form trendy Canal Saint Martin. From Paris airports take RER line B to Châtelet Les Halles, then take Line 3 to the station ""Arts et Métiers"" and housing is 50 meters. Situé dans le Marais, le quartier ""branché"" de la Capitale, vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter Paris; station de Métro à 2mn, bus, Vélib... Depuis les aéroports parisiens prendre la "
18812	Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the rooves of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Or sitting up in bed at night and seeing the Eiffel tower sparkling in the distance? Well you've come to the right place... High ceilings with skylights and exposed beams, sunlight streaming in throughout the apartment at sunset, very modern finishings - this top floor Marais apartment combines classic Parisian cosiness with contemporary comfort and convenience. As you can see from the photos, there are two bedrooms. The main bedroom is downstairs with loads of wardrobe space and a view over the Marais rooftops to the Eiffel Tower in the distance. The second bedroom is a smaller, loft-type bedroom, reached by the stairs shown in the photos, up on the mezzanine. It has a lower ceiling but is cosy and comfortable with a skylight and a view over the lounge area. Both bedrooms have double beds. The apartment has a very modern fitted kitchen and bathroom, with bath and shower. This lux	High ceilings with skylights and exposed beams, very modern furnishings and a view over the Marais rooftops to the Pompidou Centre - this top floor typical Marais apartment combines classic Parisian cosiness with contemporary comfort and convenience. Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the rooves of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Or sitting up in bed at night and seeing the Eiffel tower sparkling in the distance? Well you've come to the right place... High ceilings with skylights and exposed beams, sunlight streaming in throughout the apartment at sunset, very modern finishings - this top floor Marais apartment combines classic Parisian cosiness with contemporary comfort and convenience. As you can see from the photos, there are two bedrooms. The main bedroom is downstairs with loads of wardrobe space and a view over the Marais rooftops to the Eiffel Tower in the distance. The second bedroom is a smaller, loft-type bedroom, reached by the stairs shown in the p
18813	Appartement 2 pièces avec une grande cuisine entièrement équipée, un grand salon avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes, une chambre avec un grand lit, une salle de bain avec douche. Tout confort. Très belles prestations pour accueillir les voyageurs du monde entier!	Appartement de deux pièces au 1er étage avec ascenseur, dans le 3eme arrondissement, quartier enfants rouges, commerçants et populaire. Refait à neuf avec une décoration minimaliste et très cosy. Bel immeuble pierre de taille. Appartement 2 pièces avec une grande cuisine entièrement équipée, un grand salon avec un canapé lit pour deux personnes, une chambre avec un grand lit, une salle de bain avec douche. Tout confort. Très belles prestations pour accueillir les voyageurs du monde entier! Station de métro : Filles du Calvaire et République Nous assurons l'accueil de nos clients devant l'immeuble, présentons les lieux et répondons à l'ensemble des questions . Nous sommes joignables pendant toute la durée de votre séjour. Chaque voyageur est unique et nous sommes là pour vous faire partager un moment agréable dans nos appartements. Un quartier très populaire, avec beaucoup de commerces de proximités, restaurants toute gastronomie. Bus, métro, station de Taxi...
18814	Logement lumineux; très central ,à  2 pas des musées, dès Halles et de la rue de Rivoli	        Situé au 5ème étage,appartement de 104 m2 , lumineux.Situé en plein centre de Paris, quartier du Marais , vue sur Notre Dame, à proximité du centre Georges  Pompidou , de la rue de Rivoli  et du Forum des Halles. Quartier très animé.          Logement lumineux; très central ,à  2 pas des musées, dès Halles et de la rue de Rivoli Le métro est a 20 mètres et les bus  au pied de l'immeuble Pour l'indication de leurs visites,pour les restaurants. Cela fait 55 ans que j'y habite, je le connais  très bien Par le  RER  Chatelet-les-Halles,par le métro ou le (website hidden) y a un garage à 30 mètres
18815	En colocation avec 2 Francaises	L'appartement est située à deux pas de l'arrêt Saint-Sébastien-Froissart (ligne 8), à mi-chemin entre Bastille et République. Le quartier est calme la nuit (on peut dormir les fenêtres ouvertes). La chambre est la plus grande de la colocation, elle dispose d'une superficie de 20m² (c'est un ancien salon reconverti). Il y a beaucoup d'espace et de rangements. L'appartement fait environ 54m². Il y a 3 chambres, une cuisine et une salle de bain avec douche. En colocation avec 2 Francaises Metro Saint Sebastien Froissart (Ligne 8) Saint Sebastien Froissart (Ligne 8)
18816	Quaint pied de terre in the Marais - one of Paris' most chic neighborhoods.  The apartment is located in a 1930's style building in quiet courtyard on the third floor accessible via elevator. The 50 m2 apartment sleeps 2 comfortably, but may accommodate up to 4 guests with a convenient living-room sofa bed.  The kitchen includes two gas ranges, a convention oven/microwave and washer/dryer. The bathroom has a small bath with shower (towels included).	Quaint 1 bedroom apartment just behind Place des Vosges (Marais, IV arrondissement) accommodates 2 (and up to 4).  Ideal central location to experience Paris. Quaint pied de terre in the Marais - one of Paris' most chic neighborhoods.  The apartment is located in a 1930's style building in quiet courtyard on the third floor accessible via elevator. The 50 m2 apartment sleeps 2 comfortably, but may accommodate up to 4 guests with a convenient living-room sofa bed.  The kitchen includes two gas ranges, a convention oven/microwave and washer/dryer. The bathroom has a small bath with shower (towels included). Located just 2 minutes from Place des Vosges, the apartment is ideally situated in one of Paris most chic destinations, the Marais.  Within walking distance are Paris' most renowned art galleries, the Bastille Opera house, the Picasso Museum and the shopping districts of the rue des Francs des Bourgeois (open Sundays) and the up-and-coming rue Beaumarchais.  A few steps further and yo
18817	This 65 square meters elegant apartment is at the third French floor via stairs. It consist of two bedroom, two bathrooms, a living room with an American kitchen. It is suitable for 4 people. It has been completely renovated a couple of years ago and furnished by elegant antique Italian furnishing. There are two bedrooms : the master bedroom with a queen size bed, and the second bedroom with two single beds; 2 bathroom : one with tub, wash basin, WC and bidet, and the second one with shower cabin, wash basin, WC and bidet. The living room is furnished by sofas and armchairs, a dining table and minor furniture. However we can accommodate up to 6 people for short rental, because of a comfortable sofa convertible located in the living room.	Charming apartment very close the Square du Temple, the trendy shops of rue du Bretagne and the Market of the Red Children, the oldest food market in Paris. 65 m2 elegant unit : living room with open fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. This 65 square meters elegant apartment is at the third French floor via stairs. It consist of two bedroom, two bathrooms, a living room with an American kitchen. It is suitable for 4 people. It has been completely renovated a couple of years ago and furnished by elegant antique Italian furnishing. There are two bedrooms : the master bedroom with a queen size bed, and the second bedroom with two single beds; 2 bathroom : one with tub, wash basin, WC and bidet, and the second one with shower cabin, wash basin, WC and bidet. The living room is furnished by sofas and armchairs, a dining table and minor furniture. However we can accommodate up to 6 people for short rental, because of a comfortable sofa convertible located in the living room. mic
18818	Entièrement rénové meublé et décoré par deux architectes d'interieurs, en plein coeur du Haut Marais Parisien, au début de la rue de Bretagne et de la rue Vieille du Temple, et a 5 minutes a pieds de la rue des Francs Bourgeois et de la place des Vosges. L'ascenseur est aussi un atout dans ce quartier!	Charmant studio typique du marais rénové, meublé et décoré par des architectes d'interieurs, situé au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble typique du marais au début de la rue de Bretagne et de la Rue Vieille du Temple, et à 5 minutes à pied de la place des Vosges. Entièrement rénové meublé et décoré par deux architectes d'interieurs, en plein coeur du Haut Marais Parisien, au début de la rue de Bretagne et de la rue Vieille du Temple, et a 5 minutes a pieds de la rue des Francs Bourgeois et de la place des Vosges. L'ascenseur est aussi un atout dans ce quartier!
18819	son emplacement idéal ses poutres sa hauteur sous plafond son histoire... Salle de bain à disposition, appartement en duplex donc chambre louée à l étage. C est un 4 eme étage sans ascenseur ( il y a très peu d ascenseur dans ce quartier de Paris)...	Petite chambre 8 m2 à louer dans le marais, très proche de la PLACE DES VOSGES. Vue sur le génie de la Bastille. Très cosy CHARME Tommettes. Lit 1 place. Petit déjeuner le matin offert. Immeuble du 17 eme siècle Je suis dans l'appartement avec mon fils de 5 ans. son emplacement idéal ses poutres sa hauteur sous plafond son histoire... Salle de bain à disposition, appartement en duplex donc chambre louée à l étage. C est un 4 eme étage sans ascenseur ( il y a très peu d ascenseur dans ce quartier de Paris)... Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine, à la salle de bain, au salon et à leur chambre. Bref, a tout l appartement! L appartement de trouve au 4 eme étage sans ascenseur ( c est normal dans le marais) Désolée mais je préfère louer la chambre à des femmes par sécurité et intimité.1 enfant en plus est bienvenu. Mais je n accepte pas des demandes d hommes. Je suis professeur de littérature française mais je ne parle pas très bien l anglais - je me débrouille pour communiquer:) ! quartie
18820	Very well located, very quiet room for two people, two can eat in the kitchen.  On the 3rd floor with elevator. Extremely convenient to visit or live the city.	Large 13m2 Roomfor 1  or 2 people, (couple) made new wallpaper and carpet. Very quiet, internet. 30 seconds from the Metro Republique, 5 minutes from Pompidou center. the kitchen is fully equiped with oven, washing machine, fridge... Very well located, very quiet room for two people, two can eat in the kitchen.  On the 3rd floor with elevator. Extremely convenient to visit or live the city. Kitchen, bathroom, toilets, corridor. Welcome & guide the guests on their wishes. I'm  in the flat during your stay. Organic restaurants, cafés, many concert places, hundreds of galeries, Pompidou center, all the famous places at a quick metro ride. Metro, bus or Velib the council rental bikes  From Airports RER B to Gare du Nord then Metro line 5 to Republique. I'm a vegetarian, my passion is music & Art.
18821	Our appartment is a typical high celling appartment (3,80 meters) of 110 sqm inside a courtyard, first floor with modern design and modern furnitures. One living room Two bedrooms : one with a double bed of 1,60 m wide, one is equipped with a futon for 2 Two bathrooms : one bathroom included toilets & one shower room One fully equipped kitchen designed by Bulthaup. The apartment is located in the Marais, rue de Bretagne. Rue de Bretagne has a lot offer regarding typical french food stores as well as a food market.  You are also close to all the trendy shopping from the Marais as well as galleries and Museum (such as the Picasso Museum).  You are at a walk distance from the amazing place des Vosges as well as Bastille. Many restaurants are very close. The Marais has many to offer.	Our appartment is a typical high celling appartment (3,80 meters) of 110 sqm inside a courtyard, first floor with modern design and modern furnitures. One living room Two bedrooms : one with a double bed of 1,60 m wide, one is equipped with a futon for 2 Two bathrooms : one bathroom included toilets & one shower room One fully equipped kitchen designed by Bulthaup. The apartment is located in the Marais, rue de Bretagne. Rue de Bretagne has a lot offer regarding typical french food stores as well as a food market.  You are also close to all the trendy shopping from the Marais as well as galleries and Museum (such as the Picasso Museum).  You are at a walk distance from the amazing place des Vosges as well as Bastille. Many restaurants are very close. The Marais has many to offer.
18822	In the center of Paris, you can rent this very romantic suite. It is on the 1st floor of a 17th century house, renovated with high standard of comfort.  Set in the Marais, which is the historical center of Paris, you will stay in one of the most lively, fashionable and beautiful neighborhood of Paris.  The bedroom is located in the rue Charlot, one of its most charming street. Cafés, market, shops, restaurants, art galleries, boutiques are at the corner... 10 min walk from the gorgeous Place des Vosges. The home is full of period charm such as exposed beams and stone flooring. The owners live upstairs in the building, and they will be delighted to welcome you, and to advice you in order to enjoy Paris as much as possible!	Very romantic suite with private bathroom in a Bed and Breakfast in the Marais, the trendy historical area of Paris. The house is from the 17th century.  In the center of Paris, you can rent this very romantic suite. It is on the 1st floor of a 17th century house, renovated with high standard of comfort.  Set in the Marais, which is the historical center of Paris, you will stay in one of the most lively, fashionable and beautiful neighborhood of Paris.  The bedroom is located in the rue Charlot, one of its most charming street. Cafés, market, shops, restaurants, art galleries, boutiques are at the corner... 10 min walk from the gorgeous Place des Vosges. The home is full of period charm such as exposed beams and stone flooring. The owners live upstairs in the building, and they will be delighted to welcome you, and to advice you in order to enjoy Paris as much as possible! Guests have acces to the suite with private bathroom.  They are welcome in our living room for breakfast.  They ha
18823	This apartment was completely renovated in November 2012, is a studio with an area of 28 square meters located rue Vieille du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris Marais. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator. It has a living / dining room with a mezzanine, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It offers all the modern comforts for 4 people traveling for leisure or business. The metro station is the nearest Hotel de Ville. STUDIO of 1 room(s), can accommodate 4 persons(s) located rue Vieille du Temple in Paris 3ème arrondissement This arrondissement of Paris is part of the Marais, one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods of the French capital. Many artists and well-known people settled there to enjoy the side “chic” residential and commercial touch. Indeed, for some time many luxury brands settled there. He became the borough ´fashionable´ for excellence. You can admire many mansions of the seventeenth century, formerly occupied by the nobility. There is also t	This apartment was completely renovated in November 2012, is a studio with an area of 28 square meters located rue Vieille du Temple in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris Marais. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator. It has a living / dining room with a mezzanine, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It offers all the modern comforts for 4 people traveling for leisure or business. The metro station is the nearest Hotel de Ville.STUDIO of 1 room(s), can accommodate 4 persons(s) located rue Vieille du Temple in Paris 3ème arrondissementThis arrondissement of Paris is part of the Marais, one of the oldest and most famous neighborhoods of the French capital. Many artists and well-known people settled there to enjoy the side “chic” residential and commercial touch. Indeed, for some time many luxury brands settled there. He became the borough ´fashionable´ for excellence. You can admire many mansions of the seventeenth century, formerly occupied by the nobility. There is also the
18824	"A charming parisian flat in the center of the ""old town"". A lot of nearby walks: Marais disrict, Beaubourg, canal Saint-Martin, Châtelet..."	"A charming parisian flat in the center of the ""old town"". A lot of nearby walks: Marais disrict, Beaubourg, canal Saint-Martin, Châtelet... The flat will be all yours! You will be greeted by me or by a neighbour.  In the street: trendy bars, art galeries, a supermarket, hair salon, shops... The ""rue de Bretagne"" and the famous ""Place de la République"" are within walking distance. Many nearby Métro stations: - Strasbourg Saint Denis (lines 4,8 & 9) - Réaumur Sébastopol (lines 3 & 4) - Temple (line 3) - Arts et Métiers (lines 3 & 11) - République (lines 11, 8, 5, 9 & 3)"
18825	L'appartement, de petite surface, est situé au 1er étage de l'immeuble sans ascenseur, sur cour intérieure privative. Il est aménagé simplement, dans un esprit vintage.  Ma fille et moi profitons également de ce studio. Il n'est pas destiné uniquement à la location. Il est donc préférable de me faire parvenir votre demande de dates avant de poser une option de réservation. Réservation possible de 1 nuit à 5 nuits.   	Petit studio avec terrasse, au calme, en plein centre de Paris. Canapé convertible confortable pour 2 personnes, cuisine équipée. Douche et WC. Linge de toilette et draps fournis. Lave linge/sèche linge... TV, wifi... L'appartement, de petite surface, est situé au 1er étage de l'immeuble sans ascenseur, sur cour intérieure privative. Il est aménagé simplement, dans un esprit vintage.  Ma fille et moi profitons également de ce studio. Il n'est pas destiné uniquement à la location. Il est donc préférable de me faire parvenir votre demande de dates avant de poser une option de réservation. Réservation possible de 1 nuit à 5 nuits.   Je me ferai un plaisir de vous guider vers les bonnes adresses en ce qui concerne les boutiques, les galeries et les restaurants. Le plus insolite est le Marché des Enfants rouges, très proche de l'appartement, qui a pour singularité de proposer, sous forme de petites échoppes, toutes les spécialités culinaires de tous les pays du Monde. La meilleure boulanger
18826	"Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment located in the heart of the Marais . Located on the 3rd floor of an old mansion typical of the Marais, this apartment is very quiet and sunny. It includes: A spacious bedroom with king size bed and wardrobe. A lounge with corner sofa and flat screen TV 120cm + Freebox TV and DVD , telephone and Wi -Fi . A fully equipped kitchen (stove , oven , toaster , coffee machine nespresso ) A bathroom with toilet, shower and heated towel rail. You also have : Iron and ironing board , Washer dryer, Hairdryer , Vacuum . Accessible by metro "" arts et métiers "" and "" Rambuteau "" . Close to RER stations ( Châtelet ) to Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle airports. Le Marais is an historic district rich in monuments , museums and art galleries. Guests can choose to dine in the oldest inn in Paris ( Auberge Nicolas Flamel ) well in a small neighborhood cafe . We recommend you to go to lunch in one of the small restaurants in the ""marché des enfants rouge"" ( 1O min walk) Immed"	"Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment located in the heart of the Marais . Located on the 3rd floor of an old mansion typical of the Marais, this apartment is very quiet and sunny. It includes: A spacious bedroom with king size bed and wardrobe. A lounge with corner sofa and flat screen TV 120cm + Freebox TV and DVD , telephone and Wi -Fi . A fully equipped kitchen (stove , oven , toaster , coffee machine nespresso ) A bathroom with toilet, shower and heated towel rail. You also have : Iron and ironing board , Washer dryer, Hairdryer , Vacuum . Accessible by metro "" arts et métiers "" and "" Rambuteau "" . Close to RER stations ( Châtelet ) to Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle airports. Le Marais is an historic district rich in monuments , museums and art galleries. Guests can choose to dine in the oldest inn in Paris ( Auberge Nicolas Flamel ) well in a small neighborhood cafe . We recommend you to go to lunch in one of the small restaurants in the ""marché des enfants rouge"" ( 1O min walk) Immed"
18827	Private room in a big (140 m2), bright and quiet apartment. In the bedroom: large bed, clean bed sheets furnished In the apartment: access to the bathroom, kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, oven, gas stove, coffee maker etc.), WC, washing machine, clothes dryer, hairdryer, iron   Free access to WIFI (very good connection)  	Private room (18m2) in a big and beautiful apartment in the Marais neighbour (St Paul & Rambuteau) Access to the room, bathroom and kitchen (all equiped) 5-15 min: Place des Vosges, Picasso Museum, Beaubourg, Rivoli Street, République, Notre-Dame Private room in a big (140 m2), bright and quiet apartment. In the bedroom: large bed, clean bed sheets furnished In the apartment: access to the bathroom, kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, oven, gas stove, coffee maker etc.), WC, washing machine, clothes dryer, hairdryer, iron   Free access to WIFI (very good connection)  Access to the bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, WC, washing machine and clothes dryer Possibility to have lunch or diner together, or a glass of wine in the neighbour. I'd love to tell you about the good places to see in Paris and especially in the Marais.  However, I will probably not be there when you come as I often go to Normandy.   Historic district in Paris (3rd and 4th arrondissements) Chinese church of Paris (Chinese community 
18828	"In the most authentic parisian area, the ""Marais""! Very central, ancien building, brand new 2 room apartment with beams, fire place,parquet flooring, sunny. 1st floor, overlooking a quiet and charming street  one bedroom with new kingsize bed  one lounge with new kingsize bed sofa . well equipped kitchen  one bathroom with wide italian shower. wifi,hifi, television with internationnal channels. international plug converter hair drier. many nice french and international restaurants around as well as art galleries and some of the most fashion shops of Paris. transports close by. you will be IN REAL PARIS.and it Will be a pleasure to help you discover this extraordinary city,giving you all the informations you might want ! Bienvenue a Paris ! "	"In the most authentic parisian area, the ""Marais""! Very central, ancien building, brand new 2 room apartment with beams, fire place,parquet flooring, sunny. 1st floor, overlooking a quiet and charming street  one bedroom with new kingsize bed  one lounge with new kingsize bed sofa . well equipped kitchen  one bathroom with wide italian shower. wifi,hifi, television with internationnal channels. international plug converter hair drier. many nice french and international restaurants around as well as art galleries and some of the most fashion shops of Paris. transports close by. you will be IN REAL PARIS.and it Will be a pleasure to help you discover this extraordinary city,giving you all the informations you might want ! Bienvenue a Paris ! "
18829	My place is both functional as well as comfortable and cosy, situated in an old typical Parisian building, with a lift even though the flat is on first floor. It's a quiet and serene atmosphere, in a busy city!  The separate kitchen is fully equipped which makes it nice and easy when it comes to cook at home as there are many good and exclusive foodstores and markets around.  The bathroom has a large shower and washing machine (the dryer in the bedroom wardrobe).  The living area is furnished with very comfortable designed items decorated with a few personal pieces like paintings, small decorative objects, books, etc.  You may like to watch one of the 50 or so channels on TV, with of course access to Wifi.  If needed, the sofa may be turned into a queen size bed with very comfortable bed linen.  The separate bedroom has a large double bed (160x200cm) with nice bedlinen too. When closed, the curtains allow a peaceful  night with no light coming from outside.  Besides, you may easily sto	In the heart of trendy Vertbois in the Marais area, walking distance to Pompidou Centre, my cosy appartment is a unique opportunity to live like a Parisian in a fully equipped and nicely designed 35sqm with a living area and a separate bedroom. My place is both functional as well as comfortable and cosy, situated in an old typical Parisian building, with a lift even though the flat is on first floor. It's a quiet and serene atmosphere, in a busy city!  The separate kitchen is fully equipped which makes it nice and easy when it comes to cook at home as there are many good and exclusive foodstores and markets around.  The bathroom has a large shower and washing machine (the dryer in the bedroom wardrobe).  The living area is furnished with very comfortable designed items decorated with a few personal pieces like paintings, small decorative objects, books, etc.  You may like to watch one of the 50 or so channels on TV, with of course access to Wifi.  If needed, the sofa may be turned into
18830	STANDING In a building made secured by an intercom, this charming Paris rental studio is on the first floor. The windows open on a courtyard with lovely trees. Quietness, brightness and comfort are the main characteristics of this apartment. LAYOUT This comfortable studio to rent in Paris has a sleeping area with a double bed, a living area with coffee table and a couch, an fully equipped open kitchen and a bathroom with a bath tub. The furniture is well chosen and of a good quality. You will enjoy the big flat screen TV with its DVD player and also a wireless broadband internet connection. A simple Paris apartment to rent for two people set on seeing Paris. 	 Enjoy the vicinity of the Marais district, the centre of activities by day and night, in a calm, serene environment from one of the simple Paris apartment rentals. Perfect for two people looking to enjoy Paris.    STANDING In a building made secured by an intercom, this charming Paris rental studio is on the first floor. The windows open on a courtyard with lovely trees. Quietness, brightness and comfort are the main characteristics of this apartment. LAYOUT This comfortable studio to rent in Paris has a sleeping area with a double bed, a living area with coffee table and a couch, an fully equipped open kitchen and a bathroom with a bath tub. The furniture is well chosen and of a good quality. You will enjoy the big flat screen TV with its DVD player and also a wireless broadband internet connection. A simple Paris apartment to rent for two people set on seeing Paris. LOCATION Between Rambuteau and Arts et Métiers subway stations, this vacation rental in Paris is located in a quiet an
18831	Very nice 57 square meters appartement recently renovated by an archirtect. The appartment, situated on the first floor, has a bright living room with an open kitchen (fully equiped), one bedroom with a double bed and built in wall closet, one bathroom with a bathtub and seperated toilets. A seperated small room is available for a working desk. The appartment is very bright and has 6 double glazed windows.  The building is very safe (2 codes to get inside), clean and has an elevator.	Center of Paris, beautiful flat recently renovated by an architect, in a typical parisian building. Near many restaurants and commerces, walking distance to the Louvre and Notre Dame. Up to 4 people.  Very nice 57 square meters appartement recently renovated by an archirtect. The appartment, situated on the first floor, has a bright living room with an open kitchen (fully equiped), one bedroom with a double bed and built in wall closet, one bathroom with a bathtub and seperated toilets. A seperated small room is available for a working desk. The appartment is very bright and has 6 double glazed windows.  The building is very safe (2 codes to get inside), clean and has an elevator. The entire appartment is available for our guests. You will for sure feel at home. We are delighted to give advice on the great restaurants, tourist and shopping areas around the flat. We always leave a small guide in the appartment with all of these advices !  The perfect location in Paris ! 2 steps away fro
18832	Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, l'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'une chambre (lit 140) avec salle de bain ( bath and shower), cuisine américaine sur séjour et WC séparés. Un balcon au soleil jusqu'en milieu d'après-midi complète ce bien. Une centaine de chaînes de télévision y compris internationales, et le Wifi sont à votre disposition.	Situé dans le quartier du Haut-Marais, dans une rue calme,Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Place des Vosges, rue Montorgueil et bien sûr le Marais sont accessibles à pieds. Les stations Arts et Métiers et République  donnent accès à 6 lignes de métro.  Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, l'appartement de 40m2 dispose d'une chambre (lit 140) avec salle de bain ( bath and shower), cuisine américaine sur séjour et WC séparés. Un balcon au soleil jusqu'en milieu d'après-midi complète ce bien. Une centaine de chaînes de télévision y compris internationales, et le Wifi sont à votre disposition. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Nous ne serons pas présents lors de votre séjour. Vous disposez de 3 supermarchés à proximité immédiate, d'une boulangerie à 30m, de petits cafés de quartier avec leurs terrasses, sa multitude de restaurants. La rue de Bretagne avec son joli square et son marché des Enfants Rouges se trouve à 4 min. C'est un quartier de boutiques de créateurs de mode et de galeries d
18833	"This single-room flat is 27 m2, is on the 4th floor (there is an elevator - one of the few in the Marais!) and is very light with lovely views onto the charming rue Dupuis. The 19th century building in which the apartment is located in what is referred to as the haut Marais, close to the Carreau du Temple and is built over the ruins of the ancient Enclos des Templiers, where Louis XVI and his wife, Marie-Antoinette, were put in jail before being executed. The neighbourhood, perhaps because it has retained this sense of history as i t has modernized, is now one of the 'in"" places to be in Paris. The apartment, like the quartier, is a charming blend of old and new with the original stone walls, wooden parquet floor, and exposed beams framing a recently renovated contemporary interior designed for comfort: the best of both worlds. The apartment has a contemporary bathroom (shower, WC, etc…), and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer,cuisinart oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker,"	vicinity maps  . proposition of  Paris visits themas: fountains , chapels, statues, middle age... tea, coffe, jam
18834	Premier étage mais lumineux. 	"Simple and nice studio, recently renovated, with several windows, great location in heart of Paris. Sofa bed with good quality bed. Shops and subway very close. In  lively and old Marais area with restaurants, markets, shops, museums and old streets. Near several subway stations  ""Filles du Calvaire"" line M 8  at 3 minutes ""Oberkampf"" line M5 ou M9 at 6 minutes ""République"" line M3 M5 M9 M11 at 7 minutes bus 96 (from Montparnasse train station) bus 20 or 65 (from Gare de Lyon train station )"
18835	Luxueux appartement Haussmannien de 55m2,  idéalement situé dans le 3e arrondissement, en plein cœur du quartier de Beaubourg et du Marais, au 4ème étage sur cour avec ascenseur. On vous offre un maximum de confort et une extrême tranquillité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour. Baigné de lumière , sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , l'appartement est à la fois chic , accueillant mais avant tout chaleureux et relaxant .  Ce magnifique appartement pour 2 personnes comprend pour la location une vaste entrée , une grande chambre, salon (avec un canapé-lit 2 places) / cuisine / Salle à manger et une salle de bain, avec des grandes fenêtres de 2m et des moulures d'exception.  L' appartement est équipé d' une machine nespresso, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, seche-linge, bouilloire, télévision (+ de 300 chaines), un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lecteur DVD. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette. 	Luxueux appartement Haussmannien de 55m2,  idéalement situé dans le 3e arrondissement, en plein cœur du quartier de Beaubourg et du Marais, au 4ème étage sur cour avec ascenseur. On vous offre un maximum de confort et une extrême tranquillité indispensables à un merveilleux séjour. Baigné de lumière , sans aucun bruit , au style élégant et raffiné , l'appartement est à la fois chic , accueillant mais avant tout chaleureux et relaxant .  Ce magnifique appartement pour 2 personnes comprend pour la location une vaste entrée , une grande chambre, salon (avec un canapé-lit 2 places) / cuisine / Salle à manger et une salle de bain, avec des grandes fenêtres de 2m et des moulures d'exception.  L' appartement est équipé d' une machine nespresso, cuisine équipée, lave-linge, seche-linge, bouilloire, télévision (+ de 300 chaines), un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL, un lecteur DVD. Cet appartement est également équipé de draps, couvertures, oreillers, serviettes de toilette.  Ce ma
18836	L'appartement de 42m² env. au 1e étage est calme. Il possède une petite courette privative Pour vos petits déjeuners si vous arrivez à enjamber la fenêtre haute	Situé au centre de Paris République 3 pièces au 1er étage côté cour est équipé au total d 1 clic-clac très confortable, 1 lit double et d'1 lit superposé 1 matelas double et 1 matelas simple, cuisine. L'appartement de 42m² env. au 1e étage est calme. Il possède une petite courette privative Pour vos petits déjeuners si vous arrivez à enjamber la fenêtre haute 1e étage Petite courette privative Le propriétaire habite dans le quartier si les locataires ont besoin d'aide ou d'information complémentaire Quartier : Rue Bretagne, Marché des Enfants Rouges, République musée Picasso, musée Carnavalet, Alentours : Hôtel de ville, Bastille, Notre-Dame, Les-Halles. Musée des arts et métiers. Parcours pédestres suggérés :  1 Carreau du Temple (80 m)  événements estivaux de la place de la République (550m - 7 min.)  Canal Saint-Martin (11 min.) 2 Marché des Enfants Rouges (80m)  Musée Picasso (7 min.) Musée Carnavalet (11 min.), rues piétonnes des Francs Bourgeois le W.E.(12 min.)  place des Vosges
18837	This studio offers all the comforts for a relaxing stay with a view over the rooftops of Paris. 	Welcome to this lovely and charming flat, ideally located in the heart of Paris, in “Le Marais” area. The apartment is located in a quiet street, 100 meters from the “Filles du Calvaire” metro station (line 8). This studio offers all the comforts for a relaxing stay with a view over the rooftops of Paris.  To be mentioned that the flat is 5th floor walk-up. It is divided into a living- room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a large mezzanine: - A living room furnished with a sofa, cupboard and chairs;  - WIFI high speed internet connection is included, and a speaker for listening to your music; - A large mezzanine with a comfortable double bed; - Fully equipped kitchen and breakfast bar (dishwasher, induction hob, oven, microwave, fridge, toaster); - A washing machine is available (detergent included), an iron and ironing board.  - Bathroom / toilet equipped with a shower. 
18838	The appartment is very functional. It is on the 4th floor of a quiet building, located in a pedestrian street.  	Nice 1 bedroom appartment at the 4th floor of a quiet building.  Includes a large living room with a dining table, an open kitchen well equipped, and a comfortable bedroom. Very well located between République, Canal Saint Martin and le Marais.    The appartment is very functional. It is on the 4th floor of a quiet building, located in a pedestrian street.  Guest will have access to the whole apartment. The appartment is very well located, in the center of Paris, at the crossroads of Republique, le Marais, the Canal Saint Martin and the Grands Boulevards.  It is a quiet street but at the heart of a very animated area with lots of restaurants and shops.  Closest subway stations are Republique and Strasbourg Saint Denis, which are both connected to several metro lines.  
18839	MARAIS: Plus qu'une chambre d'hôtel dans une residence construction historique du 17ème siècle...mais modernisée.... Situé dans LE MARAIS, 340  pieds carré ,studio (34m2), au 4ème étage (5e américaine) avec un ascenseur, ce Studio est  parmi les plus beaux que l'on puisse trouver dans Paris pour l'usage que vous voulez en faire, passer de bonnes vacances dans un lieu agréable, ayant tout le confort et bien placé au centre de Paris. Système central de chauffage collectif très efficace pour les froides journées d'hiver. Situé dans un des immeubles du fond de cette magnifique résidence, donc pas sur la rue…ou il est si agréable en été de se réveiller avec  les oiseaux siffleurs …et l'eau gazeuse de la fontaine oui oui… Parfait pour un couple. Capacité d'accueil de 3 personnes(Couchage possible 1 personne sur canapé-lit)  puisqu’il n’y a qu’un grand lit double bien situé dans un renfoncement, sorte d'alcove, ce qui augmente l’espace vital  de ce studio qui serait comme une chambre d’hôtel 	En plein Marais bel immeuble avec Gardien jour et nuit MARAIS: Plus qu'une chambre d'hôtel dans une residence construction historique du 17ème siècle...mais modernisée.... Situé dans LE MARAIS, 340  pieds carré ,studio (34m2), au 4ème étage (5e américaine) avec un ascenseur, ce Studio est  parmi les plus beaux que l'on puisse trouver dans Paris pour l'usage que vous voulez en faire, passer de bonnes vacances dans un lieu agréable, ayant tout le confort et bien placé au centre de Paris. Système central de chauffage collectif très efficace pour les froides journées d'hiver. Situé dans un des immeubles du fond de cette magnifique résidence, donc pas sur la rue…ou il est si agréable en été de se réveiller avec  les oiseaux siffleurs …et l'eau gazeuse de la fontaine oui oui… Parfait pour un couple. Capacité d'accueil de 3 personnes(Couchage possible 1 personne sur canapé-lit)  puisqu’il n’y a qu’un grand lit double bien situé dans un renfoncement, sorte d'alcove, ce qui augmente l’espace vi
18840	IN an historical buiding from Le Marais , 5mn away from the Picasso Museum , lovely dupleix from 1800s , recenly renovated , lots of light , high ceilings , beams , all confort . Near the trendiest restaurants and shops in Paris . One living room , one bed room, one kitchen all equipped . Wifi, stéreo, Cable TV . 1800fts. For one or 2 people Non smockers (website hidden) pets . 800 euros per week. Avalaible from august 28th to october 8th !	Beautiful and sunny appartment duplex at 5 minutes by foot from the PICASSO museum in the trendy neighbourhood of LE MARAIS in PARIS. 60 square meters. Big height in ancient building of the 17th century. Near all commodities, bus and subways. IN an historical buiding from Le Marais , 5mn away from the Picasso Museum , lovely dupleix from 1800s , recenly renovated , lots of light , high ceilings , beams , all confort . Near the trendiest restaurants and shops in Paris . One living room , one bed room, one kitchen all equipped . Wifi, stéreo, Cable TV . 1800fts. For one or 2 people Non smockers (website hidden) pets . 800 euros per week. Avalaible from august 28th to october 8th !
18841	Bienvenue à Paris / Welcome to Paris ! The flat is located in the very heart of Paris: Rambuteau neighbourhood. 5mn walking distance to Le Marais, Montorgueil, Louvre, Centre Pompidou. Excellent connections to metros (lines (phone number hidden)), RER (lines A, B, D) and buses. Conveniently located near supermarkets, shopping areas, restaurants and bars. As a foodie and lifestyle blogger, I can give you tips about restaurants, bars and nightlife in the area! Beautiful and comfortable 120 sqm typical Parisian flat. Spacious, luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, cheminées, mirrors and modern furniture. At the fourth floor (with elevator) of a charming building. 2 security doors at the entrance of the building. The apartment consists of a large living room with sofas and TV. The living room looks onto two large windows offer plenty of bright sunlight. 32 inch TV with cable TV, DVD player, free Wi-Fi connection. Kitchen equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, fridge-freezer, oven with	Bienvenue à Paris / Welcome to Paris ! The flat is located in the very heart of Paris: Rambuteau neighbourhood. 5mn walking distance to Le Marais, Montorgueil, Louvre, Centre Pompidou. Excellent connections to metros (lines (phone number hidden)), RER (lines A, B, D) and buses. Conveniently located near supermarkets, shopping areas, restaurants and bars. As a foodie and lifestyle blogger, I can give you tips about restaurants, bars and nightlife in the area! Beautiful and comfortable 120 sqm typical Parisian flat. Spacious, luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, cheminées, mirrors and modern furniture. At the fourth floor (with elevator) of a charming building. 2 security doors at the entrance of the building. The apartment consists of a large living room with sofas and TV. The living room looks onto two large windows offer plenty of bright sunlight. 32 inch TV with cable TV, DVD player, free Wi-Fi connection. Kitchen equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, fridge-freezer, oven with
18842	Under the roof, the place is very 	Under the roof, the place is very 
18843	Loft under the roofs of the Marais. the appartement is located at the center of the Noma ( Nord Marais ), the urban chic part of the Marais. The apartment was entirely rebuild by an architect 2 years ago. Its is very bright, design an fully equipped.  You'll find one double bed on the mezzanine and a big convertible Cinna sofa in the main room. The loft It is on the 6th floor of the building without a lift.	"Located at the center of Paris, this appartement recently renovated, will take you in the new urban chic neighborhood of paris the ""NoMa"" ( Nord Marais ). Loft under the roofs of the Marais. the appartement is located at the center of the Noma ( Nord Marais ), the urban chic part of the Marais. The apartment was entirely rebuild by an architect 2 years ago. Its is very bright, design an fully equipped.  You'll find one double bed on the mezzanine and a big convertible Cinna sofa in the main room. The loft It is on the 6th floor of the building without a lift. Guest will have access to the whole apartment and all equipment : Internet, TV, HiFi, dishwasher, washing/drying machine, coffee machine, .... I'll be happy to communicate with my guest, to give more information about the apartment or the neighborhood.  Very central and lively neighborhood, next to the centre marais but quieter. Lot of good restaurant, bars nearby next to ""le carreau du temple"" or in the street Métro Temple or Rép"
18844	Charming appartement in downtown of Paris. Hi, I often travel for work, so I rent my room, around 20m2, in a 75m2 flat. In the heart of Paris, in the lively Marais, full of bars and restaurants: 10 min walk from LesHalles, 5 from Republique, 10 from Grands Boulevards.	Good location, near métro Arts et Metiers. Charming appartement in downtown of Paris. Hi, I often travel for work, so I rent my room, around 20m2, in a 75m2 flat. In the heart of Paris, in the lively Marais, full of bars and restaurants: 10 min walk from LesHalles, 5 from Republique, 10 from Grands Boulevards. Wifi Metro Arts et Metiers.
18845	Nice loft studio apartment with a wall open kind of one bedroom without a door,real kitchen in the Marais district, center of Paris, An amazing area!  best location The place is ideally situated to visit many touristics and historicals places of Paris. It is close to Musée Picasso Place des Vosges , village Saint Paul , Bastille , Hôtel de Ville , Centre Pompidou , Ile St-Louis , Notre Dame . . trendy bars and monuments	Nice loft apartment in the Marais district, (1 single beds + sofa) fully equipped :  - full equiped kitchen, with fridge. Microwawe.D/W .W/D, cooking plates. - Cable TV , WI FI , telephone with free international calls, hairdryer...Near everything.. Nice loft studio apartment with a wall open kind of one bedroom without a door,real kitchen in the Marais district, center of Paris, An amazing area!  best location The place is ideally situated to visit many touristics and historicals places of Paris. It is close to Musée Picasso Place des Vosges , village Saint Paul , Bastille , Hôtel de Ville , Centre Pompidou , Ile St-Louis , Notre Dame . . trendy bars and monuments fridge. Microwawe.D/W .W/D, cooking plates. - Cable TV , speed wireless internet , telephone with free international calls , hifi , hairdryer , iron , ..  Linen and towels are provided. once or twice a day afternoon and night time only. The neighborhood is very alive there are a lot of bars, restaurants, STORE, art galleries
18846	The apartment is in a gorgeous haussmanian building, with  typical inner courtyard.  There is a lift to bring you up to the 6th floor.  In the apartment, there is :  * a living room, west oriented, very luminous from early in the morning, with a beautiful sight on the parisian roofs.  There is a comfortable sofa, a TV, internet, wifi.  A console table in wengé can be opened and be perfect for a 4 persons dinner.  * The bedroom is on the yard side, so very calm and luminous too.  The 2 persons bed is very smooth and comfortable. (140 x 190 cm) * The bathroom is also on the yard side, very luminous thanks to the window, with a shower.  * The kitchen, fully equipped, has a lof of light coming from the skylight.  Equipment : micro-waves, kettle, toaster, washing machine, juice extractor for juice lovers. 	Lovely 2 rooms flat, on the 6th floor with lift, it's a calm, luminous and very-well situated apartment. The room is on the yard side, the living room is on the street side, offering thus a beautiful sight on the parisian roofs.  The apartment is in a gorgeous haussmanian building, with  typical inner courtyard.  There is a lift to bring you up to the 6th floor.  In the apartment, there is :  * a living room, west oriented, very luminous from early in the morning, with a beautiful sight on the parisian roofs.  There is a comfortable sofa, a TV, internet, wifi.  A console table in wengé can be opened and be perfect for a 4 persons dinner.  * The bedroom is on the yard side, so very calm and luminous too.  The 2 persons bed is very smooth and comfortable. (140 x 190 cm) * The bathroom is also on the yard side, very luminous thanks to the window, with a shower.  * The kitchen, fully equipped, has a lof of light coming from the skylight.  Equipment : micro-waves, kettle, toaster, washing m
18847	This 35m² apartment is composed of a living room, a bathroom with a bath, and a bedroom. The ceiling height is quite amazing..! The main room has a keetchen area (oven, induction fire, dishwasher). You will also find in this room a sofa, a table for 4 people, a tv, a coffee table, a hifi sound system, a piano... La room has a double bed and... that's all! The appartment is very bright with huge windows  and a buitifull view on a XVIIth century garden.	"Gorgeous 35m² apartment, in the very center of Paris, perfectly equiped, in a XVIIth century mansion listed as ""historical monument"". Enjoy the splendor of the place and its peacefulness wich contrast with the animation of this fancy district This 35m² apartment is composed of a living room, a bathroom with a bath, and a bedroom. The ceiling height is quite amazing..! The main room has a keetchen area (oven, induction fire, dishwasher). You will also find in this room a sofa, a table for 4 people, a tv, a coffee table, a hifi sound system, a piano... La room has a double bed and... that's all! The appartment is very bright with huge windows  and a buitifull view on a XVIIth century garden. To access the apartment you will cross the main courtyard where use to get the carriages... Don't miss on the right side the huge wooden doors of the old stables. Then you enter the main hall and climb up to the second floor with the monumental stairs. You can also use the lift but you'll miss someth"
18848	1bedroom apartment with fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, comfortable dining area and living room with large sofa bed. The white exposed beams and white parquet make the space extremely luminous; the perfect Parisian home for your stay!	Cosy and bright 45m2 apartment located in the Haut Marais, few minutes away from Rue de Bretagne, Republique, Canal Saint Martin and all main Rive Droite attractions. 1bedroom apartment with fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower, comfortable dining area and living room with large sofa bed. The white exposed beams and white parquet make the space extremely luminous; the perfect Parisian home for your stay! The apartment is stone's throw from everything: boulangeries, restaurants, markets, supermarkets, cinemas, brasseries and cocktail bars. Main tourists' attractions,such as Notre Dame, Ile de la Citè, Ile Saint Louis, Bastille and Opera; as well as museums (Pompidou and recently re-opened Musée Picasso) are also walking distance from the apartment. The perfect mix between a quiet and relaxing place in a lively neighborhood Arts et Métiers, Réaumur Sébastopol, Temple and République metro stations (lines (phone number hidden)) are less than a five minutes stroll away. RER station 
18849	We live in the apartment, which was architect-designed, most of the year, so it is equipped as a home. It is spacious and the beds are comfortable. We have mixed modern industrial style furniture with antiques and the big steel doors close off the kitchen from the living room. There is seating for 6/8 on the modern dining table with leather/metal industrial chairs, and there are 3 leather armchairs and a sofa in the living area. The kitchen is well equipped with fridge/freezer, hob, cooker, micro-wave, dishwasher and clothes washer. Bedroom 1 with en suite bathroom (large shower, oval bath, WC and two washbasins, heated towel rail). Another small shower room with WC, handbasin, shower & heated towel rail. The loft in bedroom 2 is only suitable for children over 7.  You cannot stand. We can provide a travel cot for babies. Comfortable double sofa bed in living room	The apartment, on the 2nd floor without elevator of a 17c building, in a quiet street near the Picasso Museum and the rue de Bretagne, is light, has high ceilings, old beams, oak floors and tall windows. Free overseas calls, WiFi, TV, grand piano We live in the apartment, which was architect-designed, most of the year, so it is equipped as a home. It is spacious and the beds are comfortable. We have mixed modern industrial style furniture with antiques and the big steel doors close off the kitchen from the living room. There is seating for 6/8 on the modern dining table with leather/metal industrial chairs, and there are 3 leather armchairs and a sofa in the living area. The kitchen is well equipped with fridge/freezer, hob, cooker, micro-wave, dishwasher and clothes washer. Bedroom 1 with en suite bathroom (large shower, oval bath, WC and two washbasins, heated towel rail). Another small shower room with WC, handbasin, shower & heated towel rail. The loft in bedroom 2 is only suitable
18850	The ideal cocoon to live the life of an authentic village in the heart of the mythic Marais district in center of Paris. Quiet apartment, ideally located in the heart of the famous district the Marais. Decoration both refined and unusual on a floor and a mezzanine floor on high. The falt is on the second and last floor. All the decoration was designed to make you completely relaxed after a long day of discovery of the capital. A bathroom with a bath to relax completely, antique furniture desk with ink to write your diary or your postcards, a sofa to watch a movie or the latest news, sun chairs in order to never forgot you are here on holiday but also to enjoy the sunlight under the canopy of the apartment, a kitchen if you prefer to stay quiet dinner in your cocoon, organic cotton mattress, a skylight above your bed to watch the stars or listen to the sound of rain on the rooftops of Paris (Mediterranean climate ;) ), we thought this apartment as we would love to have it while visiting	The ideal cocoon to live the life of an authentic village in the heart of the mythic Marais district in center of Paris. Quiet apartment, ideally located in the heart of the famous district the Marais. Decoration both refined and unusual on a floor and a mezzanine floor on high. The falt is on the second and last floor. All the decoration was designed to make you completely relaxed after a long day of discovery of the capital. A bathroom with a bath to relax completely, antique furniture desk with ink to write your diary or your postcards, a sofa to watch a movie or the latest news, sun chairs in order to never forgot you are here on holiday but also to enjoy the sunlight under the canopy of the apartment, a kitchen if you prefer to stay quiet dinner in your cocoon, organic cotton mattress, a skylight above your bed to watch the stars or listen to the sound of rain on the rooftops of Paris (Mediterranean climate ;) ), we thought this apartment as we would love to have it while visiting
18851	This flat is not for children less 8 years old.	In the extrem down town of Paris, a charming studio for 2 or 3, very affordable and easy going.New Inside but in a old 18th century building, with bedlinen and towels provided. 22 sq. metters, first floor.One double sofa bed and an individuel bed. This flat is not for children less 8 years old.
18852	For short stay up to two weeks : 1 bedroom apartment 46 m2. (1 other bedroom remains closed). Weekly Rent : 500 euros For long term stay, more than 2 weeks : the apartment 56 m2 will be shared with the owner who comes 2 or 3 days per month. Monthly Rent : 1500 euros	Centrally located in Le Marais area, close to fancy restaurants, art galleries, Beaubourg and Picasso Museum. Subway station : ARTS et METIERS or RAMBUTEAU. For short stay up to two weeks : 1 bedroom apartment 46 m2. (1 other bedroom remains closed). Weekly Rent : 500 euros For long term stay, more than 2 weeks : the apartment 56 m2 will be shared with the owner who comes 2 or 3 days per month. Monthly Rent : 1500 euros The owner keeps a spare bedroom in the apartment for its own use (only few days a month). However, for stay up to 2 weeks, the flat will be for exclusive usage of the tenant (1 bedroom). Owner's mobile : (phone number hidden) or (phone number hidden) Easy access to all touristic attractions. Centrally located. Walking distance to food stores (vegan, organic …), restaurants, department store BHV, museum. Subway : Arts et Metiers / Rambuteau  Bus : 38 / 47 RER : Chatelet Les Halles 1 st floor left
18853	Vaste studio propre au Centre de Paris Metro et RER station Halles à 200m 2 min: métro Arts et Métiers, lignes 3 ou 11 5 min : métro Réaumur Sébastopol, ligne 4  5 min : station les Halles, RER A, B, C.  Le marais est le coeur de Paris. Restaurants, bars, site historique environnement jeune et intellectuel. 2 min: métro Art et métier, lignes 3 ou 11 5 min : métro Réaumur Sebastopol, ligne 4  10 min : Station les Halls, RER A,D  Immeuble de charme et bien entretenu.	Vaste studio propre au Centre de Paris Metro et RER station Halles à 200m 2 min: métro Arts et Métiers, lignes 3 ou 11 5 min : métro Réaumur Sébastopol, ligne 4  5 min : station les Halles, RER A, B, C.  Le marais est le coeur de Paris. Restaurants, bars, site historique environnement jeune et intellectuel. 2 min: métro Art et métier, lignes 3 ou 11 5 min : métro Réaumur Sebastopol, ligne 4  10 min : Station les Halls, RER A,D  Immeuble de charme et bien entretenu. Par les métros Arts et Métiers ou Etienne Marcel , Réaumur Sébastopol et tous les transports existant à Paris. Si mes visiteurs le souhaitent. je le ferai avec plaisir. Mon quartier c'est Paris, Paris central, le Cœur battant du Paris Historique. A 80 m du quartier piétonnier Montorgueuil et du musé du Louvre.   Metro: Les Halles, Réaumur, Etienne Marcel, Arts et Métiers. Bus ligne 38, 21,..... Train Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est.
18854	Superb flatlet in the Heart of Paris Le Marais, 75003, Street Bernard de Clairvaux, with a terrace on the 8th floor with an incredible  view of Paris. Comtemporary and very spacious. Renovated and all equiped. Bakery, cheeses , French deli and supermarket close by. Lovely surburb.	A fully equiped modern (email hidden) of Centre Georges Pompidou in the heart of the Marais. Fantastic terrace on the 8th floor with a stunning view of paris ( Eiffel tower, Montmartre etc...) Superb flatlet in the Heart of Paris Le Marais, 75003, Street Bernard de Clairvaux, with a terrace on the 8th floor with an incredible  view of Paris. Comtemporary and very spacious. Renovated and all equiped. Bakery, cheeses , French deli and supermarket close by. Lovely surburb. Flat with balcony . Roof communal terrace. Lovely and vibrant neighborhood with cafes and restaurants. In the heart of le Marais and a few meters from Centre Georges Pompidou. Subway Rambuteau and Etienne Marcel.
18855	"Hello! This parisian flat will be all yours.  Perfectly located in ""le Marais », which offers a center and ideal location for cultural visits, museums and galleries, shopping and nightlife. The location is just perfect. A few meters away from the Places des Vosges…You will enjoy walking in the little streets of the Marais, in a very cool and safe area. The apartment was completely renovated by an architect in 2010, but it's not a fancy parisian style, it's more charming than fancy. Do not expect super design pieces or anything you will be disapointed and the last thing I want, is disapointed guests, that is too sad, there is so many appartments in Paris to stay in, please be conscient of what you choose before booking it!  Read the comments good and bad, ask questions, I will do my best to guide you in your choice. Also from experiences of the ""type of guests"" who really enjoy this place are usually young people (under 50) who are interested in  contemporary and unsual/unconventianal s"	"In the center of old Marais very weel located apartment, 100 m to place des vosges and bastille. Little duplex nice an charmy, last floor whit lift. Très joli !! whit bath tub ! in the roof ! Hello! This parisian flat will be all yours.  Perfectly located in ""le Marais », which offers a center and ideal location for cultural visits, museums and galleries, shopping and nightlife. The location is just perfect. A few meters away from the Places des Vosges…You will enjoy walking in the little streets of the Marais, in a very cool and safe area. The apartment was completely renovated by an architect in 2010, but it's not a fancy parisian style, it's more charming than fancy. Do not expect super design pieces or anything you will be disapointed and the last thing I want, is disapointed guests, that is too sad, there is so many appartments in Paris to stay in, please be conscient of what you choose before booking it!  Read the comments good and bad, ask questions, I will do my best to guide y"
18856	As your enter the apartment, to your right, a separate WC. Then, you come straight into the main room with a large fully equipped kitchen, a large table and chairs. Lounge area consists of two parts: 1st part with removable dividers to create a private bedroom with a sofa bed (140x190) suitable for weekly use for two people. 2nd part with comfortable sofas and a large TV screen. In the bedroom there is a double bed (160x190). An inflatable bed for one person, under 18 years old, is available in this apartment. In the bathroom you can choose between a shower or bath.	In the heart of Le Marais area, Rambuteau metro station. Modern, clean apartment. This very bright and quiet 2 bedrooms apartment on the 4th floor with a lift. The BEST central area in Paris. Less than 10 minutes walk to Notre Dame Cathedral. As your enter the apartment, to your right, a separate WC. Then, you come straight into the main room with a large fully equipped kitchen, a large table and chairs. Lounge area consists of two parts: 1st part with removable dividers to create a private bedroom with a sofa bed (140x190) suitable for weekly use for two people. 2nd part with comfortable sofas and a large TV screen. In the bedroom there is a double bed (160x190). An inflatable bed for one person, under 18 years old, is available in this apartment. In the bathroom you can choose between a shower or bath. I'm available 7 days a week, 24h. If any problem, just call me and I will be there in the next 15 minutes ... everyday. This apartment is on the right bank, in the 3rd arrondissement o
18857	Au coeur de Paris dans le marais,  ce cosy studio meublé avec gout au 4 eme étage composé d'une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec douche , une pièce principale avec un canapé lit très confortable , très lumineux offrant une vue sur les archives calme pour un agréable séjour.  Proximité,Musées, métro, magasins, restaurants , boulangeries ........ Close the Pompidou Centre 10mn  of the Places des Vosges and House of Victor Hugo; or go straight ahead for Notre Dame and Hotel de villa . All these sights and more are within 5-minutes walk of the stylish and exceptionally well-located Situated in the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Archives studio has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway It is generously equipped with a sofa bed bed, a screen LCD television, wireless internet, ,  kitchen and en-suite bathroom with shower The apartment is positioned at the very heart of the city in a typical and well-maintain	Au coeur de Paris dans le marais,  ce petit  studio meublé avec gout au 4 eme étage composé d'une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec douche , une pièce principale avec un canapé lit très confortable  Au coeur de Paris dans le marais,  ce cosy studio meublé avec gout au 4 eme étage composé d'une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec douche , une pièce principale avec un canapé lit très confortable , très lumineux offrant une vue sur les archives calme pour un agréable séjour.  Proximité,Musées, métro, magasins, restaurants , boulangeries ........ Close the Pompidou Centre 10mn  of the Places des Vosges and House of Victor Hugo; or go straight ahead for Notre Dame and Hotel de villa . All these sights and more are within 5-minutes walk of the stylish and exceptionally well-located Situated in the Marais (arguably the most fashionable and charming neighbourhood in Paris) the Archives studio has every necessary comfort for the perfect romantic getaway It is g
18858	The Marais Studio is very comfortable, decorated with sophisticated, warm earth tones. It is bright, well appointed and equipped, and very quiet. This is the best choice for a couple on a budget or anyone looking for long term rental. It is at the 3rd floor without lift. The apartment has been refurbished in 2010. Don't hesitate to contact me to know my rates, it changes according to the season! 	A few steps from the Place des Vosges, the Marais Studio is located right in the heart of the trendy Marais district, very close to the Metro, fashionable clothing stores, and convenient everyday shopping. You couldn't ask for a better location!  The Marais Studio is very comfortable, decorated with sophisticated, warm earth tones. It is bright, well appointed and equipped, and very quiet. This is the best choice for a couple on a budget or anyone looking for long term rental. It is at the 3rd floor without lift. The apartment has been refurbished in 2010. Don't hesitate to contact me to know my rates, it changes according to the season! I'm reachable by email or on my cellphone anytime. Just a few steps away from the Place des Vosges, the Marais Studio is located right in the heart of the trendy Le Marais district. The area is well-known for its fashionable clothing stores, restaurants and cafe, it is very lively and young. It is also quite for everyday shopping. You will also find tw
18859	Inviting, light and bright, full of character, this fully furnished 25m² flat is situated on the 3rd floor of a quiet building in a bustling neighbourhood. After an exciting day, you can come back to a peaceful haven barely a minute walk from the hottest spots in town. Thus, this studio can suit both a couple on a romantic holiday and someone on a business trip who needs the quiet to work but still wants to enjoy Paris. Since the building is ancient (XVIIth century), there is no elevator.	Lovely, fully-equipped studio with exposed beams, functional kitchen, bathtub and washing machine. A very calm appartment in the heart of the Northern Marais, close to many shops, cafes and places of interest (Picasso Museum...). Ideal for a couple. Inviting, light and bright, full of character, this fully furnished 25m² flat is situated on the 3rd floor of a quiet building in a bustling neighbourhood. After an exciting day, you can come back to a peaceful haven barely a minute walk from the hottest spots in town. Thus, this studio can suit both a couple on a romantic holiday and someone on a business trip who needs the quiet to work but still wants to enjoy Paris. Since the building is ancient (XVIIth century), there is no elevator. The appartment features a large main room with a bed for two, a comfortable couch with an assorted armchair, a large coffee table with four hidden stools that can be used for various activites (having a meal, using a computer...), a wardrobe to hang your c
18860	The apartment is bright and sunny.  It has has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  The guest have PRIVATE access to 2 of the rooms and 1 bathroom (THE SUITE) The larger guest room room has a 2 person sleeper sofa, coffee and dining table for 4 people.  The smaller guest room has a full sized bed,  small nightstand, and night lamp.  This is perfect for a family of 4 or 2 couples or a group of 4 friends who want to stay together. The kitchen is large and includes everything for cooking.  There is also a bar with 4 seats for taking meals.	Suite sleeps 4 people.  Guests have a 2 room suite with a private bathroom, large windows and high ceilings!  1st room contains sleeper sofa(sleeps 2), dining table for 4 and coffee table. 2nd room contains a double bed, night stand, and lamp. The apartment is bright and sunny.  It has has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  The guest have PRIVATE access to 2 of the rooms and 1 bathroom (THE SUITE) The larger guest room room has a 2 person sleeper sofa, coffee and dining table for 4 people.  The smaller guest room has a full sized bed,  small nightstand, and night lamp.  This is perfect for a family of 4 or 2 couples or a group of 4 friends who want to stay together. The kitchen is large and includes everything for cooking.  There is also a bar with 4 seats for taking meals. Guest will have access the kitchen, PRIVATE bathroom, and the 2 room suite.  The Kitchen comes with 2 refrigerators, oven, washing machine, dish washer, coffee maker and many other items. I stay in the apartment as well, 
18861	Chambre en angle donnant sur une placette arborée composée de deux grandes fenetres	Chambre en angle donnant sur une placette arborée composée de deux grandes fenetres accès au wifi, salle de bain et cuisine avec tout ses élèments  souvent en déplacement j aime rencontrer des gens nouveaux venus du monde entier et suis disponible pour toute explication concernant la vie parisienne Etant à Paris centre vous avez accès à ce que vous voulez en moins de 15 mn dans Paris intramuros qui n a un rayon que de 7 km Pour acceder au logement depuis les aeroport il faut prendre la ligne du RER B jusqu'à Chatelet les Halles, puis marcher 250 mêtre en direction de centre beaubourg et la rue de la reynie se trouve juste en dessous cf google map
18862	Haut Marais, in the very heart of Paris, close to 4 tube stations: Temple, Republique, Arts et Metiers, Strasbourg Saint Denis. 24 m2. Republique square is 5 min from there, Pompidou museum, Arts et Metiers museum, Picasso museum and heart of Marais neighborhood just minutes away... Very quiet, you will be able to sleep tight! Nice neighbours, good security ( 2 access doors). 4th floor without lift. The only small downside are the stairways of the building: the wall paper is not in good condition. The rest of the building and the flat in it self have been fully renovated 2 years ago! Bed linen and towels included. 1 bathroom, 1 living room with with single sofa bed, 1 alcove in the room with apparent beams to separate the sleeping corner, sleeping corner with a bed ( 160 x 200), 1 american kitchen fully equipped. View on a quiet parisian courtyard.Shower, separate toilets from the bathroom. All kitchen appliances, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, crockery, vacuum cleaner, iron, iron t	Haut Marais, in the very heart of Paris, close to 4 tube stations: Temple, Republique, Arts et Metiers, Strasbourg Saint Denis. 24 m2. Republique square is 5 min from there, Pompidou museum, Arts et Metiers museum, Picasso museum and heart of Marais neighborhood just minutes away... Very quiet, you will be able to sleep tight! Nice neighbours, good security ( 2 access doors). 4th floor without lift. The only small downside are the stairways of the building: the wall paper is not in good condition. The rest of the building and the flat in it self have been fully renovated 2 years ago! Bed linen and towels included. 1 bathroom, 1 living room with with single sofa bed, 1 alcove in the room with apparent beams to separate the sleeping corner, sleeping corner with a bed ( 160 x 200), 1 american kitchen fully equipped. View on a quiet parisian courtyard.Shower, separate toilets from the bathroom. All kitchen appliances, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, crockery, vacuum cleaner, iron, iron t
18863	This sizeable three bedroom apartment is located in the 3rd district, just minutes from Chatelet, on the 1st European floor (2nd US) in a walk up building; no elevator. The apartment is set back on the courtyard, and is truly an oasis of peace. Even though you cannot hear a single street noise, the owner has added double glazed windows to ensure a quiet stay. With three bedrooms, a large living room/kitchen area, 2.5 bathrooms, the apartment is both comfortable and elegant, perfect for a family or group of friends traveling together. Decorated in the owner’s stylish and contrasting taste, it offers a combination of original stone walls, wooden ceiling beams, a gorgeous arched doorway, and metal support poles, along with added touches of marble and wood.  She has blended various decorative styles combining Scandinavian, contemporary, and Marie Antoinette 18th century. The walls are all painted in various shades of taupe, earthy grays, browns and blacks. A perfect blend of warm and cool,	This spacious right bank apartment is located in central Marais. Though located in an area thriving with activity, the apartment is a haven of pure tranquility. Located on a quiet street overlooking a courtyard it comfortably sleeps 6 guests. This sizeable three bedroom apartment is located in the 3rd district, just minutes from Chatelet, on the 1st European floor (2nd US) in a walk up building; no elevator. The apartment is set back on the courtyard, and is truly an oasis of peace. Even though you cannot hear a single street noise, the owner has added double glazed windows to ensure a quiet stay. With three bedrooms, a large living room/kitchen area, 2.5 bathrooms, the apartment is both comfortable and elegant, perfect for a family or group of friends traveling together. Decorated in the owner’s stylish and contrasting taste, it offers a combination of original stone walls, wooden ceiling beams, a gorgeous arched doorway, and metal support poles, along with added touches of marble and
18864	the kitchen fully equipped with microwave, hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, dishwasher, kettle, toaster and everything necessary for cooking. Counter and high chairs. A dining space: round table and chairs. Living room: furnished with a sofa bed 160 cm, a coffee table, a stereo system, Internet access .WiFi. Bedroom: with a 160 cm bed 2 places, large (website hidden) and DVD. Bathroom: with shower and sink. Washer and dryer. WC. The linen is provided. Central heating. Iron and ironing board.	35 sqm apartment, one bedroom, second floor, windows overlooking the courtyard , quiet place the kitchen fully equipped with microwave, hob, fridge, cooker, coffee maker, dishwasher, kettle, toaster and everything necessary for cooking. Counter and high chairs. A dining space: round table and chairs. Living room: furnished with a sofa bed 160 cm, a coffee table, a stereo system, Internet access .WiFi. Bedroom: with a 160 cm bed 2 places, large (website hidden) and DVD. Bathroom: with shower and sink. Washer and dryer. WC. The linen is provided. Central heating. Iron and ironing board. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be at few minutes from the Place des Vosges, Beaubourg (Centre Georges Pompidou), the Cathedrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. You will be at 2 minutes walk from the Arts & Métiers metro station (Lines 3 and 11). With Chatelet, the biggest Parisian station, you will be at few minute
18865	Vue imprenable, quartier qui bouge, transports à proximité. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Kitchenette refait a neuf (2 plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire...) Lit double très confortable avec matelas à mémoire de forme. Grande télévision, Wifi. Grand placard de vêtements à disposition. Draps & linge de bain fournis	Studio spacieux très lumineux au 9ème (avec ascenseur)  vue imprenable sur le sacré-coeur sans vis à vis. Parfait pour accueillir deux personnes. Situé entre Bastille et République à deux pas du Marais. Nombreux transports à proximité. Vue imprenable, quartier qui bouge, transports à proximité. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Kitchenette refait a neuf (2 plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire...) Lit double très confortable avec matelas à mémoire de forme. Grande télévision, Wifi. Grand placard de vêtements à disposition. Draps & linge de bain fournis Tout l'appartement est mit à disposition à l'exception d'un placard. Je serai présente pour les Check in&out. Je laisse à disposition des plans de métro, de Paris ainsi que des conseils restaurant / musées .... Situé entre Bastille et République, en haut du Marais. Quartier central. Beaucoup de bars et restaurants. Cinémas à proximité. Galeries d'art nombreuses. Juste à côté du cirque d'hiver. Accessible par le métro 8, 9, 5, 11, 1 et 
18866	calme,bien éclairé pratique,joli immeuble /	" Nice 1 bedroom apartment in a quite central location next to Centre Pompidou in the ""Marais"" neighborhood. The apartment is located in a very nice and quiet street.         "
18867	Charming apartment located in a quiet street, on the 1th floor by elevator, near the Centre Georges-Pompidou ( Beaubourg ), Paris 4, Marais. It is a 2 room apartment with a mezzanine, able to comfortably accommodate up to 6 people maximum. The nearby subway, shops, the city center and the main attractions of Paris, this apartment will make your stay in Paris more enjoyable and unforgettable!	Charming apartment located in a quiet street, on the 1th floor by elevator, near the Centre Georges-Pompidou ( Beaubourg ), Paris 4, Marais. It is a 2 room apartment with a mezzanine, able to comfortably accommodate up to 6 people maximum. The nearby subway, shops, the city center and the main attractions of Paris, this apartment will make your stay in Paris more enjoyable and unforgettable!
18868	"Anciennes ""chambres de bonnes"" , ce logement est retiré au 6em et dernier étage d' un immeuble du fin 19e siècle. IL n' y a pas d'ascenseur .Cette ascension éloigne du tumulte de la ville. Le logement de 30m2 , avec un beau volume et des aspects anciens comme des poutres , se compose d' une entrée/circulation, d' un salon avec balconnet, d' une cuisine ouverte sur le salon,d' une une salle de douche (à l' italienne) avec toilettes , et d' une chambre avec lavabo et balconnet. Tout ce dont vous pouvez avoir besoin est laissé à votre disposition.Profitez-en pour alléger votre valise. Les objets personnels ou inutiles ont été vidés pour que vous puissiez vous sentir à l'aise. Draps, serviettes, sèche cheveux, savon,fer à repasser, café, lait,...sont fournis."	"Un logement au dernier étage; calme, ensoleillé, simple et modulable.Soyez au cœur de la ville comme dans un nid d' oiseau. Anciennes ""chambres de bonnes"" , ce logement est retiré au 6em et dernier étage d' un immeuble du fin 19e siècle. IL n' y a pas d'ascenseur .Cette ascension éloigne du tumulte de la ville. Le logement de 30m2 , avec un beau volume et des aspects anciens comme des poutres , se compose d' une entrée/circulation, d' un salon avec balconnet, d' une cuisine ouverte sur le salon,d' une une salle de douche (à l' italienne) avec toilettes , et d' une chambre avec lavabo et balconnet. Tout ce dont vous pouvez avoir besoin est laissé à votre disposition.Profitez-en pour alléger votre valise. Les objets personnels ou inutiles ont été vidés pour que vous puissiez vous sentir à l'aise. Draps, serviettes, sèche cheveux, savon,fer à repasser, café, lait,...sont fournis. La station de métro la plus proche est TEMPLE, mais RÉPUBLIQUE ou ARTS ET MÉTIERS n' est qu' à quelques 50 mèt"
18869		Idéalement situer face à la place de la République. Venez découvrir ce charmant studio entièrement refait à neuf. Calme et lumineux, ce logement donne sur une jolie cours intérieur arboré. Proches de toutes commodités. Appartement entièrement équipée
18870	The 20m2 studio is located on Paris center (Le Marais), close to all amenities, including public transport, banks, cafes, restaurants, a gym, churches, bakeries and so on... It is located close to 'rue des Archives' and 'rue des Francs Bourgeois', less than 2 minute’s walk from the Beaubourg/Pompidou Center and  the National Archives, less the 10 minutes' walk from les Halles (shopping center), less than 15 minutes’ walk from Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. Nearest tube station: Rambuteau This well-appointed, non-smoking studio is located on the third floor (US 4th) of a traditional Parisian building, and is accessible by stairs only. The small full kitchen has a two-unit electric cook top, an oven/grill/microwave, a refrigerator with freezer compartment, an electric coffee pot, cupboard and cabinets.  The full bathroom features a large shower/bath, a washbasin, a space heater, a cabinet, and a WC.  The main room has a writing/dining table, 2 chairs, French and English cable TV, a DV	The 20m2 studio is located on Paris center (Le Marais), close to all amenities, including public transport, banks, cafes, restaurants, a gym, churches, bakeries and so on... It is located close to 'rue des Archives' and 'rue des Francs Bourgeois', less than 2 minute’s walk from the Beaubourg/Pompidou Center and  the National Archives, less the 10 minutes' walk from les Halles (shopping center), less than 15 minutes’ walk from Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. Nearest tube station: Rambuteau This well-appointed, non-smoking studio is located on the third floor (US 4th) of a traditional Parisian building, and is accessible by stairs only. The small full kitchen has a two-unit electric cook top, an oven/grill/microwave, a refrigerator with freezer compartment, an electric coffee pot, cupboard and cabinets.  The full bathroom features a large shower/bath, a washbasin, a space heater, a cabinet, and a WC.  The main room has a writing/dining table, 2 chairs, French and English cable TV, a DV
18871	Charmant studio avec poutres apparentes et chambre en mezzanine. Au premier étage, c'est un petit volume formidablement bien agencé avec une belle âme. Haut de plafond, il y a une grande fenêtre qui donne sur la cours de l'immeuble et ses ateliers d'artistes. 	"Au centre de Paris, en plein coeur du Marais, notre appartement est un véritable cocon situé dans une adorable cours au calme bordée d'ateliers d'artistes. Avec ses poutres apparentes et la chambre en mezzanine vous serez parfaitement installés. Charmant studio avec poutres apparentes et chambre en mezzanine. Au premier étage, c'est un petit volume formidablement bien agencé avec une belle âme. Haut de plafond, il y a une grande fenêtre qui donne sur la cours de l'immeuble et ses ateliers d'artistes. Parfait pour deux personnes, vous disposez de tous l'appartement pour vous. Equipement : 1 lit double avec couettes, oreillers et draps fournis, 1 canapé, des tables basses, 1 bureau, une cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, four, micro onde, grille pain et cafetière, salle de bain douche avec toilettes séparées. L'un de nous ou un de nos amis sera là pour vous présenter l'appartement. C'est le plus beau et le meilleur quartier de Paris. Le Marais ou aussi appelé le ""Vieux Paris"" comporte une "
18872		This cute one bedroom at 2nd floor NO ELEVATOR, in a very parisien building, capacity for 4 people, in the new chic street from the Marais, all comfort, Metro Arts et Metiers, the charming of the decoration, calm a nice option for you visit
18873	Small flat in Le Marais in an old and parisian building. Modern and minimalist decoration. Available storage furniture, open kitchen, bathroom (shower), combo washer-dryer, ink-jet printer. White sofa bed. Calm and comfortable place, view on the courtyard. A lot of boutiques, restaurants and pubs. Metro Stations : Saint-Sebastien-Froissart, Filles du Calvaire, Saint-Paul  Bus Stations : ligne 29 et 96	Small flat in Le Marais in an old and parisian building. Modern and minimalist decoration. Available storage furniture, open kitchen, bathroom (shower), combo washer-dryer, ink-jet printer. White sofa bed. Calm and comfortable place, view on the courtyard. A lot of boutiques, restaurants and pubs. Metro Stations : Saint-Sebastien-Froissart, Filles du Calvaire, Saint-Paul  Bus Stations : ligne 29 et 96 Metro : Saint-Sebastien-Froissart (ligne 8), Filles du Calvaire (ligne 8), Saint-Paul (ligne 1) Bus : ligne 29 et 96
18874	"Ideally located a minute away from rue de Bretagne and the charming Enfants Rouge market, this spacious 110 M2 (about 1200 sq feet)  boasts 2 Bedrooms with their bahrooms and 2 toilets. It is the ideal location to discover Paris with all the convenience of a home away from home. We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of the Marais on the 2nd floor of a beautifull  Haussmanian building. This  building, equipped with an elevator, has old world charm and modern comfort.  . The apartment has been totally redesigned by 2 famous French Interior decorator in a resolutely comtemporary ambiance that hat gives it true personality and individuality.  With two bedrooms and two bathrooms, the layout of this apartment is ideal for couples or families. The whole apartment has typical ""pointe de Hongrie"" parquet (website hidden) has high ceilings (3.2m)  and 8 huge floor to ceiling  French Windows opening onto a balcony, planted with olive trees and various plants.  The apartment has "	A totally redesigned spacious 110 m2 apartment, 2 Bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 WC, a large living-room and a spacious kitchen/dining area. The Haussmanien apartment occupies the whole 2nd floor (elevator) and has high ceilings. Heart of Marais. Ideally located a minute away from rue de Bretagne and the charming Enfants Rouge market, this spacious 110 M2 (about 1200 sq feet)  boasts 2 Bedrooms with their bahrooms and 2 toilets. It is the ideal location to discover Paris with all the convenience of a home away from home. We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of the Marais on the 2nd floor of a beautifull  Haussmanian building. This  building, equipped with an elevator, has old world charm and modern comfort.  . The apartment has been totally redesigned by 2 famous French Interior decorator in a resolutely comtemporary ambiance that hat gives it true personality and individuality.  With two bedrooms and two bathrooms, the layout of this apartment is ideal for couples or fami
18875	"Comfortable and bright apartment (750 sqf) at the 7th floor with large lift… featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). The building is Eiffel style and was built in 1909. It has all security checks, video protection, concierge… In the main room, there is 2 tables, a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, 32"" LCD TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo booksfashion books, cooking books...  In the kitchen (yes, you’re in France and the owner loves to cook), you’ll find everything to cook good. There is an owen, a microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee-make…  This apartment also includes:a washing machine and a dryer, electric heater, fan, intercom, double glazing, washing machine, ironing equipment, hairdryer, bed linens and towels, TV/CD/DVD/cable channels. Bath room has a bath, no need to say. As the appartment is at the top of an Eiffel-style buildi"	"Comfortable and bright apartment (750 sqf) at the 7th floor with large lift… featuring an upscale parisian style (high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and 3 large fireplaces). The building is Eiffel style and was built in 1909. It has all security checks, video protection, concierge… In the main room, there is 2 tables, a sofa bed, broadband WiFi access, 32"" LCD TV and phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, lots of beautiful photo booksfashion books, cooking books...  In the kitchen (yes, you’re in France and the owner loves to cook), you’ll find everything to cook good. There is an owen, a microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, kettle, coffee-make…  This apartment also includes:a washing machine and a dryer, electric heater, fan, intercom, double glazing, washing machine, ironing equipment, hairdryer, bed linens and towels, TV/CD/DVD/cable channels. Bath room has a bath, no need to say. As the appartment is at the top of an Eiffel-style buildi"
18876	Charmant appartement familial, en plein cœur du troisième arrondissement de Paris, le plus à la mode, plein de restaurants, de commerces et de galeries d'art. Vous pourriez, par exemple, vous rendre à pied à la Place des Vosges, au Musée Picasso, à Beaubourg. Le quartier est désigné par le nom de Haut Marais. Vous trouverez à proximité 3 lignes de métro et des nombreux bus. Le Haut Marais offre une base idéale pour visiter tout Paris. 4 pièces, un petit salon et 3 chambres à coucher. Cuisine séparée, wc séparé et sdb avec douche séparée. Un couloir central relie le tout. 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Lave vaisselle, frigo, lave linge, four à micro ondes, cuisinière à gaz avec four. Accès à Internet, WiFi. Les draps de lit et les draps de bain sont fournis. deux lits doubles, deux lits pour enfants et deux couchages d'appoint, plus un lit parapluie pour bébé. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 7 personnes, dont deux couples. 65 m2, 9 fenêtres et une très belle vue sur une école classée 	Charmant appartement familial, en plein cœur du troisième arrondissement de Paris, le plus à la mode, plein de restaurants, de commerces et de galeries d'art. Vous pourriez, par exemple, vous rendre à pied à la Place des Vosges, au Musée Picasso, à Beaubourg. Le quartier est désigné par le nom de Haut Marais. Vous trouverez à proximité 3 lignes de métro et des nombreux bus. Le Haut Marais offre une base idéale pour visiter tout Paris. 4 pièces, un petit salon et 3 chambres à coucher. Cuisine séparée, wc séparé et sdb avec douche séparée. Un couloir central relie le tout. 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Lave vaisselle, frigo, lave linge, four à micro ondes, cuisinière à gaz avec four. Accès à Internet, WiFi. Les draps de lit et les draps de bain sont fournis. deux lits doubles, deux lits pour enfants et deux couchages d'appoint, plus un lit parapluie pour bébé. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 7 personnes, dont deux couples. 65 m2, 9 fenêtres et une très belle vue sur une école classée 
18877	On the 3rd floor of an old building with a stairway enlisted as historical, the 32m2 studio has a bedroom/living room with one 160cm (2 pers) bed and one convertible armchair/1 pers. bed, with an office place and a meal table, also with a dressing board. The kitchen is separated and fully equiped : fridge with freezer, induction hotplates, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, and bread grill. The bathroom  with a bathtub and a washbasin on furniture and toilets. Free WIFI and TV with more than 120 accessible channels (Euronews, CNN, Skynews, Bloomberg TV, BBC World, Al Jazeera...). Sheets and baths towels are stocked. A few coffee doses and sugar as a welcoming gift. 	Arts et Métiers in the heart of Le Marais, close to the Centre G. Pompidou, to la Place des Vosges, to private hotels..., the bright studio is entirely renewed. It can receive 2 to 3 persons. Very close to urban transports, shops and restaurants. On the 3rd floor of an old building with a stairway enlisted as historical, the 32m2 studio has a bedroom/living room with one 160cm (2 pers) bed and one convertible armchair/1 pers. bed, with an office place and a meal table, also with a dressing board. The kitchen is separated and fully equiped : fridge with freezer, induction hotplates, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, and bread grill. The bathroom  with a bathtub and a washbasin on furniture and toilets. Free WIFI and TV with more than 120 accessible channels (Euronews, CNN, Skynews, Bloomberg TV, BBC World, Al Jazeera...). Sheets and baths towels are stocked. A few coffee doses and sugar as a welcoming gift.  Some informative documentation will give you nice adresses and advices to d
18878	Standing The access to the building is secured by a door-code. The apartment is a very quiet triplex, the entrance door is on the ground floor. You will be able to enjoy the courtyard equipped with a garden table and many plants. Note that the apartment has a safe. Layout This 56 sqm apartment has three separate bedrooms and a bathroom. It can sleep up to four guests and has three levels. The entrance gives on the main room. The living-room area features two couches, a coffee table, a desk and a TV with a DVD player. The dining-area has a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining area. The stairs will lead you to the upper floor where you will find two bedrooms and a bathroom. The master bedroom has a double bed 160x200 and a closet. The second bedroom has a single bed 90x190, shelves and a desk. The bathroom features a walk-in shower, a washbasin and a toilet. A trapdoor in the living area will enable you to access the lower floor using the stairs. The thi	Very quiet and atypical 3-bedroom triplex apartment to rent for four people in Paris, close to Le Marais and Montorgueil, two steps away from the Place de la République. Standing The access to the building is secured by a door-code. The apartment is a very quiet triplex, the entrance door is on the ground floor. You will be able to enjoy the courtyard equipped with a garden table and many plants. Note that the apartment has a safe. Layout This 56 sqm apartment has three separate bedrooms and a bathroom. It can sleep up to four guests and has three levels. The entrance gives on the main room. The living-room area features two couches, a coffee table, a desk and a TV with a DVD player. The dining-area has a dining table for four people. The fitted kitchen is open on the dining area. The stairs will lead you to the upper floor where you will find two bedrooms and a bathroom. The master bedroom has a double bed 160x200 and a closet. The second bedroom has a single bed 90x190, shelves and a
18879	Situé dans l'ancien hôtel d'Asfeldt au troisième et dernier étage sans ascenseur , ce 2 pièces entièrement rénové en 2014 accueillera 4 personnes très confortablement.  Il dispose de tout l'équipement nécessaire.  Le ménage est inclus ainsi que le linge, les draps et les produits d'accueil.	Situé Place des Vosges, en plein cœur historique de Paris, ce 2 pièces de 45m² est idéalement placé pour profiter de tous les attraits touristiques de Paris. Récemment rénové, vous bénéficierez de tout le confort d'un logement moderne et bien équipé. Situé dans l'ancien hôtel d'Asfeldt au troisième et dernier étage sans ascenseur , ce 2 pièces entièrement rénové en 2014 accueillera 4 personnes très confortablement.  Il dispose de tout l'équipement nécessaire.  Le ménage est inclus ainsi que le linge, les draps et les produits d'accueil. L'appartement offre la possibilité de 4 couchages (1 lit double de 160 x 200 dans la chambre et un canapé lit de 140 x 190 cm dans le salon). La place des Vosges, le Marais, la Bastille, l’Ile de la Cité... Notre appartement vous ouvre les portes du centre historique de Paris. Flânez sous les arcades de la place des Vosges, occupées par les galeries d’art, antiquaires et autres restaurants. Une charmante atmosphère s’est emparée de ce lieu préservé de l
18880		Plein coeur du Marais centre historique de Paris a 2 pas des Museés Pompidou, Museé Juif , Museeé Picasso Arts et Métiers..devant métro Arts et Métiers 2glise St Martin, à 2 min.gare Chatelet Halles train direct Aéroport 30min.  studio fonctionnel  
18881	Centrally located, recently renovated, sunny and bright all day long. Fully equiped kitchen, italian shower, custom made king size bed. A convertible couch in the living room can accomodate 2 people if necessary.	Cosy apartment located in North Marais, close to the vibrant neighborhood of Oberkampf. Full of delightful restaurants, great brunch places & nice cocktail bars. Perfect for a young couple that wants to take out the most of a parisian getaway! Centrally located, recently renovated, sunny and bright all day long. Fully equiped kitchen, italian shower, custom made king size bed. A convertible couch in the living room can accomodate 2 people if necessary. Guests will have access to the entire apartment and all its equipments in order to feel like being at home. As i'm traveling on frequent basis, i'll make sure that my best friends or I will take care of you once we agreed on the reservation dates. Young and dynamic crowd. Tons of bars to hang out. Perfect location for a walk in Le Marais. Many nice places for dinners and brunch. Easy to reach other parts of Paris. Despite being in a vibrant neighborhood, the apartment is really quiet since the bedroom is located on a courtyard. Metro Lin
18882	Dans un quartier très commerçant prêt du Marais et de la Bastille, proche des restaurants et des bars mais aussi de l'Opéra Bastille, un Studio indépendant d'environ 20 m2 au premier étage d'un immeuble parisien, avec vue sur la rue, bien éclairé, confortable et bien équipé (un sofa, une armoire, une table, chaises), coin cuisine (refrigirateur, une plaque vitro-céramique, vaisselle, évier), salle de douche avec WC, draps et serviettes compris. On trouve le Métro et les Bus au pied de l'immeuble, vers les destinations les plus importantes à PARIS, mais également le très sympatique et branché Port de l'Arsenal avec ses cafés et ses jardins. Les boutiques de mode les plus en vue sont également à deux pas avec la rue des Francs-Bourgeois ou la rue des Rosiers. Enfin, il existe également un Supermaché pour les courses importantes ainsi que de nombreux commerces de proximité. Contactez-moi pour plus d'informations. 	Dans un quartier très commerçant prêt du Marais et de la Bastille, proche des restaurants et des bars mais aussi de l'Opéra Bastille, un Studio indépendant d'environ 20 m2 au premier étage d'un immeuble parisien, avec vue sur la rue, bien éclairé, confortable et bien équipé (un sofa, une armoire, une table, chaises), coin cuisine (refrigirateur, une plaque vitro-céramique, vaisselle, évier), salle de douche avec WC, draps et serviettes compris. On trouve le Métro et les Bus au pied de l'immeuble, vers les destinations les plus importantes à PARIS, mais également le très sympatique et branché Port de l'Arsenal avec ses cafés et ses jardins. Les boutiques de mode les plus en vue sont également à deux pas avec la rue des Francs-Bourgeois ou la rue des Rosiers. Enfin, il existe également un Supermaché pour les courses importantes ainsi que de nombreux commerces de proximité. Contactez-moi pour plus d'informations. 
18883	"Great location in the heart of Paris - 3ème arrondissement- near ""Le Centre George Pompidou"". Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions! A few minutes to Notre-Dame! Wellcome PARIS New, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris, in the third arrondissement (""Haut Marais), in a neighborhood peacefull but full of bistros, pubs... Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. The apartment is on the 3th floor (no elevator) in a typical parisian building. All the apartment: very design kitchen, confortable bed, all amenities, free Wifi, TV, hair dryer. bed linen and towels are also provided for your. I am always available to help or provide any information. I can be reached at any time either through email, text or phone."	"Nichė au 3ème étage rue beaubourg et au pied du métro arts et métiers. Ce studio a été totalement  rénové avec des matériaux de qualité et beaucoup de goût. Vous pouvez vous rendre à Beaubourg en une minute et également rue de Bretagne, placeVosges. Great location in the heart of Paris - 3ème arrondissement- near ""Le Centre George Pompidou"". Easy walking distance to many of the tourist attractions! A few minutes to Notre-Dame! Wellcome PARIS New, modern and stylish apartment in the heart of Paris, in the third arrondissement (""Haut Marais), in a neighborhood peacefull but full of bistros, pubs... Very central location ideal to explore the city and to live a parisian experience. The apartment is on the 3th floor (no elevator) in a typical parisian building. All the apartment: very design kitchen, confortable bed, all amenities, free Wifi, TV, hair dryer. bed linen and towels are also provided for your. I am always available to help or provide any information. I can be reached at any tim"
18884	The apartment is coming with: - the living room : comfortable sofa, coffee table, TV, DVD, Internet connexion, sound system, nice decoration - the kitchen separated from the living room equipped with micro wave, stove, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, toaster and all you might need for cooking. - a dining area with a table and its four chairs. Many cupboards next to it. - the bedroom: with a large bed for 2 adults, a large dressing and Iron. - the bathroom: Shower, bath sink, a washing machine, hair dryer and WC. Towels and linen are provided.	38 square meters apartment one bedroom, completely renovated, on the first floor, nice view no “vis à vis”, beautiful light, quiet. The apartment is coming with: - the living room : comfortable sofa, coffee table, TV, DVD, Internet connexion, sound system, nice decoration - the kitchen separated from the living room equipped with micro wave, stove, oven, fridge, coffee maker, teapot, toaster and all you might need for cooking. - a dining area with a table and its four chairs. Many cupboards next to it. - the bedroom: with a large bed for 2 adults, a large dressing and Iron. - the bathroom: Shower, bath sink, a washing machine, hair dryer and WC. Towels and linen are provided. Le Marais, it's the festive, fashion, artistic and gastronomic Paris. Located in the Heart of Paris, you will be few minutes walking distance from Beaubourg, the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris and the Musée du Louvre. Nearest metro station (3 minutes walk) is République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11).
18885	"Un appartement entier de 3 piéces, très ""old fashion"", cosy et rustique, clair et calme, avec poutres en bois au plafond et parties mansardées. Vue sur les toits de Paris. Très romantique. Simple et fonctionnel. Dans un Charmant quartier très ""Paris-Village. Proche tous commerces et marché . A 15 minutes à pied de Beaubourg ou Notre-Dame. Tout autour, plein de galeries d'art. Idéal pour un séjour en couple.Ou famille avec 2 enfants. La capacité de couchage est de 4. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes, mais pour y être très à l'aise dans cet espace, 2 est idéal.   Une chambre avec un lit double, un salon-séjour avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places, une salle de bains avec baignoire à l'ancienne, une salle à manger avec cuisine équipée (mini-frigo, cuisinière électrique avec four, machine à laver). Connexion Internet . Literie fournie  et linge de toilette. Entrée sécurisée (digicode)"	"Appartement 40m2, calme, clair, idéalement situé dans le Marais(centre historique). Dans immeuble parisien typique avec vue sur les toits. Entre le Carreau du Temple et la rue de Bretagne.  Métro Temple ou République. Convient  bien pour un couple. Un appartement entier de 3 piéces, très ""old fashion"", cosy et rustique, clair et calme, avec poutres en bois au plafond et parties mansardées. Vue sur les toits de Paris. Très romantique. Simple et fonctionnel. Dans un Charmant quartier très ""Paris-Village. Proche tous commerces et marché . A 15 minutes à pied de Beaubourg ou Notre-Dame. Tout autour, plein de galeries d'art. Idéal pour un séjour en couple.Ou famille avec 2 enfants. La capacité de couchage est de 4. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes, mais pour y être très à l'aise dans cet espace, 2 est idéal.   Une chambre avec un lit double, un salon-séjour avec canapé convertible en lit 2 places, une salle de bains avec baignoire à l'ancienne, une salle à manger avec cuisine équip"
18886	The apartment is located on the grand boulevards, the district of the theatres. The windows looking to the interior court yard. The living room is equipped with a settee which can dissociate in two beds from a place (see photographs). The living room gives access to the kitchen and the bathroom (bath-tub-WC). In the room, there is a bed in two places. The room is equipped with a bathroom with a shower. A fifth bed makes it possible to lay down an additional person. The apartment is equipped with the Internet (Wifi) and the cable television (BBC, CNN...)	"The apartment is located on the ""grands boulevards"", the district of the theatres. The windows looking to a large and quite interior court yard. fifth floor with elevator. There are a livingroom, one bedroom, a kitchen and two bathrooms.  The apartment is located on the grand boulevards, the district of the theatres. The windows looking to the interior court yard. The living room is equipped with a settee which can dissociate in two beds from a place (see photographs). The living room gives access to the kitchen and the bathroom (bath-tub-WC). In the room, there is a bed in two places. The room is equipped with a bathroom with a shower. A fifth bed makes it possible to lay down an additional person. The apartment is equipped with the Internet (Wifi) and the cable television (BBC, CNN...)"
18887	main room with sofa and 3 windows - kitchen corner and bathroom with shower bed for 2 people on the mezzanine	main room with sofa and 3 windows - kitchen corner and bathroom with shower bed for 2 people on the mezzanine in the center of Paris, Marais district, close to Republique (subway Republique or Temple) the space will be unhabited by the owner during your stay quiet neighborhood subway station Republique or Temple
18888	Extremely calm and luminous 770 sq. ft (70m2) apartment facing South located on fifth floor (4th level, four flights of stairs) of a 1880 historical building (no lift) All windows with views of Paris rooftops and interior courtyard.  This apartment accommodates four people with a queen size bed in the bedroom and a very comfortable queen size sofa fold-out bed in the living room.   One bathroom with bathtub and washer. Independent toilet. Shampoo and soap will be available. Full kitchen with oven, dishwasher, nespresso, italian coffee machine, electrical kettle, toaster and fridge. Tea and coffee are available for the first day.  All linens, bed sheets and towels, are available on site.	Welcome to this calm and luminous artist photographer apartment to enjoy the typical Parisian life in the heart of historical neighborhood Le Marais two minutes from the Picasso Museum and five minutes from the Centre Pompidou. Extremely calm and luminous 770 sq. ft (70m2) apartment facing South located on fifth floor (4th level, four flights of stairs) of a 1880 historical building (no lift) All windows with views of Paris rooftops and interior courtyard.  This apartment accommodates four people with a queen size bed in the bedroom and a very comfortable queen size sofa fold-out bed in the living room.   One bathroom with bathtub and washer. Independent toilet. Shampoo and soap will be available. Full kitchen with oven, dishwasher, nespresso, italian coffee machine, electrical kettle, toaster and fridge. Tea and coffee are available for the first day.  All linens, bed sheets and towels, are available on site. Check-in time is at 4 pm and check-out at noon.  I am sorry but these hours 
18889	Sun, balcony, central, next to metro, buses, Notre Dame 10 minutes on foot, Pompidou Center, Marais	Nice bright room with a flowered balcony  in the heart of Paris just next to the Pompidou Center, Paris' Museum of Modern Art and close to all Historical Monuments and Museums Sunny and  quiet, right next to Paris' trendiest neighborhood all on foot! Sun, balcony, central, next to metro, buses, Notre Dame 10 minutes on foot, Pompidou Center, Marais I have many addresses for you -  secret ones and less secret ones but all of my many different clients have enjoyed my different reference Right in the heart of Paris -  Metro, bus, train stations all very close Paris at your fingertips
18890	Quiet and warm flat of 34 m2 situated Street Chapon, Paris 3e. Alive and central district, by 10 minutes in feet of the heart of Le Marais, 10 minutes to Les Halles, and 300m of the museum of art Beaubourg. Quiet street situated between Metropolitan stations Arts et Métiers (line 11), Rambuteau (line 11), Réaumur Sébastopol (line 4).  Near facilities (bakery, supermarkets, pharmacies, dry-cleaner’s, restaurants) Flat with:  - Entrance - Quite and equipped living room giving onto small courtyard (sofa bed for 2 peoples, coffee table, dining table, TV, DVD, internet with wifi and phone) - Bar and kitchen fully furnished (gas, oven, microwaves, washing machine, toaster) - Bathroom with bath, sink, wc  	Nice flat for 4 people max, located in the center of Paris for a great stay Quiet and warm flat of 34 m2 situated Street Chapon, Paris 3e. Alive and central district, by 10 minutes in feet of the heart of Le Marais, 10 minutes to Les Halles, and 300m of the museum of art Beaubourg. Quiet street situated between Metropolitan stations Arts et Métiers (line 11), Rambuteau (line 11), Réaumur Sébastopol (line 4).  Near facilities (bakery, supermarkets, pharmacies, dry-cleaner’s, restaurants) Flat with:  - Entrance - Quite and equipped living room giving onto small courtyard (sofa bed for 2 peoples, coffee table, dining table, TV, DVD, internet with wifi and phone) - Bar and kitchen fully furnished (gas, oven, microwaves, washing machine, toaster) - Bathroom with bath, sink, wc  
18891	"For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  In the centre of the historic "" Le Marais"" de Paris (4), a beautiful small last floor with everything you need for a perfect vacation.  In a unique and refined setting, you will appreciate the particular charm of this district very trend in Paris, while residing in calm.  ""Le Marais"" district is ""The"" neighbourhood of the different Restaurants, both in originality in quality, where the famous French gastronomy nearby with the small Parisian Bistrot and wine bar.  This apartment is ideal to recharge your batteries and stay in Paris in the best conditions of comfort and relaxation, with a real originality as the quality of life that we want you to share during your stay. Every street corner reserve you a surprise, a secret, a remnant of our heritage or a trip to the heart of the France history."	"Small jewel in a romantic Italian style. Great attention to details, top floor of an old Hotel Particulier a few steps from the Place des Vosges to enjoy breakfast overlooking the Parisian rooftops. For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  In the centre of the historic "" Le Marais"" de Paris (4), a beautiful small last floor with everything you need for a perfect vacation.  In a unique and refined setting, you will appreciate the particular charm of this district very trend in Paris, while residing in calm.  ""Le Marais"" district is ""The"" neighbourhood of the different Restaurants, both in originality in quality, where the famous French gastronomy nearby with the small Parisian Bistrot and wine bar.  This apartment is ideal to recharge your batteries and stay in Paris in the best conditions of comfort and relaxation, with a real originality as the quality of life that we want you to share during your stay. Every street corner reserve you a surprise, a secret, a remnant of"
18892	Bright, and peaceful studio located on the first floor of  a historical building totally renovated The studio is furnished with a comfortable queen size bed and a stand up closet. Bedding and linen are provided. An iron and an ironing board are also provided. The bathroom has a shower, WC, a towel heater and a hair dryer. The Kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, vitroceramic plate, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishes and a small table with 2 chairs. Tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, butter, jams at your disposal .	Located on rue des Fontaines du Temple between Carreaux Du Temple , Arts et Métiers and the famous rue de Bretagne. Bright, and peaceful studio located on the first floor of  a historical building totally renovated The studio is furnished with a comfortable queen size bed and a stand up closet. Bedding and linen are provided. An iron and an ironing board are also provided. The bathroom has a shower, WC, a towel heater and a hair dryer. The Kitchen is fully equipped : refrigerator, vitroceramic plate, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, dishes and a small table with 2 chairs. Tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, butter, jams at your disposal .     Telephone (free to Europe, North America & Australia),     High-speed internet (WiFi),     Television,     IPOD/IPHONE station and an international electric adapter. Le Marais, with its south area along the Seine, is one of the oldest districts of Paris. Since it is located in the center of the city, between Place de la Bastille, Hotel de Ville, t
18893	------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming studio/duplex on the 4nd floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Montorgueil quarter, the Marais quarter and the Sentier quarter. The cosy ambience is due to a high ceiling height with wooden. A big window giving out on a quiet area and a big sky windows let in lots of light.  The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- DVD player ---- High speed wireless and cable internet ---- Computer + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplates induction ---- fridge/freezer ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroom  ---- shower ---- toilets ---- washing machine ---- hair dryer - Open sleeping area on plateform : ---- one double bed : 160 cm x 200 cm ---- storage cupboard  + Miscellaneous: ---- iron ---- ventilator   + Included in the flat : ---- Linens ---- T	Charming furnished 1 bedroom duplex in the center of Paris.  The apartment is in the 2nd district and so in the center of Paris near to major touristic areas. There are 3 subway stops near to the apartement and lots of bus stop to join all quarters. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming studio/duplex on the 4nd floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Montorgueil quarter, the Marais quarter and the Sentier quarter. The cosy ambience is due to a high ceiling height with wooden. A big window giving out on a quiet area and a big sky windows let in lots of light.  The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- DVD player ---- High speed wireless and cable internet ---- Computer + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplates induction ---- fridge/freezer ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroo
18894	Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the roofs of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Well you've come to the right place... Une tasse de thé dans un salon parisien du Marais ? Bienvenue chez vous ! THE FLAT Your Parisian home will be a nice 70 square meter flat (about 750 square feet) in the heart of “Le Marais”, the historical district of Paris. It is a 5 minute walk from Notre Dame, the City Hall, the Seine River, and 10 minutes away from Place des Vosges… Not only is it bright - the windows open on a lovely typical Parisian view over the roofs on one side, and on a green courtyard on the other side- but it is also extremely quiet for the very centre of Paris, although birds are to be heard… Bonus : Beaubourg museum can be seen from all windows. The apartment is on the top floor (sixth), with an elevator.  A fully equiped kitchen : oven, 4 fires, microwave oven, a refrigerator/ freezer, dish washer, washing-machine, toaster, kettle…. A large double living room  w	Fancy having coffee in your living room looking over the roofs of the Marais towards the Pompidou Centre? Well you've come to the right place... Une tasse de thé dans un salon parisien du Marais ? Bienvenue chez vous ! THE FLAT Your Parisian home will be a nice 70 square meter flat (about 750 square feet) in the heart of “Le Marais”, the historical district of Paris. It is a 5 minute walk from Notre Dame, the City Hall, the Seine River, and 10 minutes away from Place des Vosges… Not only is it bright - the windows open on a lovely typical Parisian view over the roofs on one side, and on a green courtyard on the other side- but it is also extremely quiet for the very centre of Paris, although birds are to be heard… Bonus : Beaubourg museum can be seen from all windows. The apartment is on the top floor (sixth), with an elevator.  A fully equiped kitchen : oven, 4 fires, microwave oven, a refrigerator/ freezer, dish washer, washing-machine, toaster, kettle…. A large double living room  w
18895		A charming and spacious appartment (43 sqm) located in the Haut Marais, one of the trendiest neighborhood in Paris, at a walking distance from the Marais, Pompidou Center, Notre Dame de Parine and la Seine, Bastille...
18896	balcon magnifique, en plein cœur du marais, chambre avec dressing séparé, vrai parquet	Située dans une rue calme du Marais, entre République et Temple, une grande chambre avec balcon dans un bel appartement lumineux est disponible.  Cuisine toute équipée et salle de bain avec baignoire à partager avec mes très sympathiques colocataires. balcon magnifique, en plein cœur du marais, chambre avec dressing séparé, vrai parquet 
18897	Chambre dans un appartement 2 pièces pouvant accueillir 2 personnes grâce au lit en futon. L'appartement est très silencieux, élégant avec ses poutres apparentes et pratique grâce à sa cuisine équipée. 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République et du centre Pompidou.	Chambre dans deux pièces très calme, avec poutres apparentes, au cœur du 3eme arrondissement. Peut loger 2 personnes grâce à son lit double. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, de sa proximité avec les musées du Marais et de l'accès très facile au métro. Chambre dans un appartement 2 pièces pouvant accueillir 2 personnes grâce au lit en futon. L'appartement est très silencieux, élégant avec ses poutres apparentes et pratique grâce à sa cuisine équipée. 5 minutes à pied de la place de la République et du centre Pompidou. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement entier. Mon colocataire sera présent, et dort sur le canapé-lit du salon. Il est toutefois très agréable et très discret ! Le quartier est extrêmement agréable, vous trouverez de très bons restaurants et des musées à deux pas. Le canal Saint Martin se trouve à 7 minutes à pied, il sera idéal pour organiser des pique-niques et se balader. Au pied de l'immeuble se trouve le métro Arts et Métiers, desservi par les lignes 3 et 11.
18898	This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Marais area on the 4th floor with elevator in a calm building. It has a great big unique living room with an american kitchen, a dining room area and a double sofa bed. It also have a bedroom with a big double bed and a second bedoom with a double sofa bed. There is a big bathtub in the bathroom. It is a 60m² apartment  fully equipped with washlinen, internet wifi connection, local phone and dishwasher. It is ideal for short or longer stays. This flat is convenient for business man who wants to invite friends or for a turist family with 2 or 3 children. Your are from steps to rue de Bretagne where you can find all commodities you will need during your stay ( fresh market, restaurants, ... )	This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Marais area on the 4th floor with elevator in a calm building. It has a great big unique living room with an american kitchen, a dining room area and a double sofa bed. It also have a bedroom with a big double bed and a second bedoom with a double sofa bed. There is a big bathtub in the bathroom. It is a 60m² apartment  fully equipped with washlinen, internet wifi connection, local phone and dishwasher. It is ideal for short or longer stays. This flat is convenient for business man who wants to invite friends or for a turist family with 2 or 3 children. Your are from steps to rue de Bretagne where you can find all commodities you will need during your stay ( fresh market, restaurants, ... ) At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat and pay 50€ for sheets and towels. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay an additional fee of 50€ for your welcoming in the apartmen
18899	Very large apartment (1350 sqft). Each of the two rooms is big, except the third one with is only suitable for a baby. Very bright, 3rd floor with elevator. Very calm, all rooms windows are on an inner courtyard, no noise. The street is very calm as well, few cars passing by.	Big bright 125m2 (1350 sqft) in Le Marais in the center of Paris. Our apartement has one big adult bedroom, one other big bedroom with two beds. There is a big living room and big kitchen/dining room, and a entry hall. I Very large apartment (1350 sqft). Each of the two rooms is big, except the third one with is only suitable for a baby. Very bright, 3rd floor with elevator. Very calm, all rooms windows are on an inner courtyard, no noise. The street is very calm as well, few cars passing by. We are at the northern limit of trendy neighbourhood Le Marais. Lots of restaurants, museums, art galleries... We are 2mn walk from Place de la Republique which is a major metro/bus hub
