20100		Charmant F2 de 40 m² avec superbe vue sur tout Paris. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Tout confort : écran plat, connexion wifi, coin cuisine équipée et chambre à coucher. Situé près du métro Gambetta à proximité des commerces. 10° étage avec ascenseur
20101	A rare chance to live in an ancient part of Paris in a beautiful house and garden. Surrounded by trees and flowers and feeling like you stepped back in time, it's really a little unique corner of the city.	Charming, little house with garden located in historical quarter 'La Campagne de Paris', literally 'Countryside of Paris'.Old Paris, cobbled streets and flowered brick houses.Edith Piaf's local bar/home! Père Lachaise. 10 mins to centre.all amenities A rare chance to live in an ancient part of Paris in a beautiful house and garden. Surrounded by trees and flowers and feeling like you stepped back in time, it's really a little unique corner of the city. You will have complete access to the house and garden except for the basement room. There will be a contact locally to deal with any problems you have during your stay. A rare chance to live in an ancient part of Paris in a beautiful house and garden. Surrounded by trees and flowers and feeling like you stepped back in time, it's really a little unique corner of the city.  Near Père Lachaise cemetery and the bar where Edith Piaf sang. Metro, bus, taxi-station and tramway all within five minutes and only 15 minutes to central Paris. There
20102	Appartement contemporain, spacieux et clair.	Grand appartement 20è, deuxième étage avec ascenseur, chambre confortable: lit double, coin bureau, internet, rangements et douche dédiée. Possibilité d'utiliser la cuisine. Bus 76 au pied de l'immeuble pour centre Ville, Métro L3, Vélib. Non fumeur. Appartement contemporain, spacieux et clair. Chambre, Salle d'eau et Cuisine Disponible pour vous conseiller au sujet de vos activités culturelles et touristiques en français, en espagnol et en anglais Quartier de l'Est parisien, vivant et commerçant, proche médiathèque, cinémas, théâtres et restaurants. Petit parc arboré face à l'immeuble. A 3 minutes du métro et du tramway (ligne 3 -porte de Bagnolet) bus n° 76 au pied de l'immeuble ainsi que station de vélo et auto partage.
20103	Bonjour, Je vous propose une chambre privée (11 m²) dans un appartement (74 m²) que je partage avec deux colocataires cools. Le lit accueillera confortablement deux personnes ou un couple (160 x 200 cm)	Bonjour, Je vous propose une chambre privée (11 m²) dans un appartement (74 m²) que je partage avec deux colocataires cools. Le lit accueillera confortablement deux personnes ou un couple (160 x 200 cm). Bonjour, Je vous propose une chambre privée (11 m²) dans un appartement (74 m²) que je partage avec deux colocataires cools. Le lit accueillera confortablement deux personnes ou un couple (160 x 200 cm) En dehors de la chambre, vous pouvez jouir des espaces communs : vous détendre dans le salon, ou utiliser la cuisine pour vous faire à manger, ... Comme à la maison ! Je loue toujours ma chambre lorsque je suis en déplacement, donc ne soyez pas surpris si nous ne nous rencontrons pas durant votre séjour.  Par contre je serais disponible par mail avant et après votre séjour pour vous renseigner. Et pendant votre séjour, mes colocataires se feront un plaisir de vous aider. L'appartement est situé dans une résidence calme dans le quartier très vivant de Ménilmontant. A ses pieds le petit p
20104	Bel appartement avec charme. Très lumineux puisqu' au 7eme étage, exposé est ouest et traversant. Vous pouvez y être confortable à 5 voir 6.	Bel appartement lumineux de 70 m² (5-6 couchages)rénové avec balcon ensoleillé. Au calme dans un quartier multiculturel animé avec nombreux commerces, restaurants, théâtres. 1 minute à pied du métro et accès rapide aux sites touristiques Bel appartement avec charme. Très lumineux puisqu' au 7eme étage, exposé est ouest et traversant. Vous pouvez y être confortable à 5 voir 6. Accès à tout l'appartement (3 chambres, salon, cuisine équipée, salle de bain, WC, balcon). Nous espérons que vous passerez un très agréable séjour chez nous et sommes à votre disposition pour répondre à vos questions. Nous venons de rénover entièrement l'appartement et souhaitons que l'appartement soit respecté (pas de fête) et utilisé avec soins. MERCI d'avance Situé dans une rue calme en bas du parc de Belleville, qui offre une vue spectaculaire sur tout Paris. On ne s'ennuie jamais dans notre quartier: on y trouve de nombreux restaurants, cafés, bars, salles de concert, théâtres...un marché deux fois par semai
20105	The kitchen, though tiny, has everything you might need to cook. The price is the same for one, two, or three people. I  have one true (double) bed, wich is brand new from january 2014. If you're three, or two not willing to share a bed,  one person  sleeps on the couch. Sheets, blankets and bath towels are provided. There are two separate rooms, wich makes it perfect for parent(s) and child, or people who do not wish to sleep in the same room.	It's a bright, quiet and cosy flat on the last and fourth floor of a typical parisian building.If you're not busy elsewhere, you'll be able to admire the sunset while sipping a glass of wine on the couch. The kitchen, though tiny, has everything you might need to cook. The price is the same for one, two, or three people. I  have one true (double) bed, wich is brand new from january 2014. If you're three, or two not willing to share a bed,  one person  sleeps on the couch. Sheets, blankets and bath towels are provided. There are two separate rooms, wich makes it perfect for parent(s) and child, or people who do not wish to sleep in the same room. There is a washing machine and soap you can use for your laundry. Then, you can either hang it to dry or go to the laundrymat, 50 meters from the building. You can also freely use oil, vinegar, salt, peper, sugar, tea, and whatever is in the fridge. When I'm not in Paris (which is quite often) , I rent it for as long as I'm away. When I'm home,
20106	Beautiful apartment near place Gambetta and Pere Lachaise 1 living room and open kitchen, fully equiped + 1 convertible sofa HD TV and Fiber internet 1 big bedroom, 1 double bed, closets  Washing machine and dryer  Quiet and cosy	Beautiful apartment near place Gambetta and Pere Lachaise 1 living room and open kitchen, fully equiped + 1 convertible sofa HD TV and Fiber internet 1 big bedroom, 1 double bed, closets  Washing machine and dryer  Quiet and cosy Beautiful apartment near place Gambetta and Pere Lachaise 1 living room and open kitchen, fully equiped + 1 convertible sofa HD TV and Fiber internet 1 big bedroom, 1 double bed, closets  Washing machine and dryer  Quiet and cosy
20107	Ideal for a stay in the heart of Paris, the apartment is in a quiet co-ownership, close to the busy streets of Paris at night. It is very bright, fully furnished and equipped (washing machine, oven, microwave, espresso machine, computer, internet and wifi, dvd, books, magazines, indoor plants ...), linens is provided for two beds (double-bed in the bedroom and sofa for 2 peolple in the lounge. Possibility for an extra bed on the other couch).  It is located on the third and top floor of a building without elevator. Information will be available upon arrival to discover all the treasures of the city of light, but also the neighborhood (discover the many nearby bars and restaurants over the streets Oberkampf and Jean-Pierre Timbault, stroll around the artists workshops, enjoy the charm of the hill of Ménilmontant and Belleville, picnic in the parc of Buttes Chaumont or at the canal saint martin, listen to live music in one of the many nearby theaters (the bellevilloise, studio hermitage,	A nice flat, really calm, in a very lively and artistic area in east paris Ideal for a stay in the heart of Paris, the apartment is in a quiet co-ownership, close to the busy streets of Paris at night. It is very bright, fully furnished and equipped (washing machine, oven, microwave, espresso machine, computer, internet and wifi, dvd, books, magazines, indoor plants ...), linens is provided for two beds (double-bed in the bedroom and sofa for 2 peolple in the lounge. Possibility for an extra bed on the other couch).  It is located on the third and top floor of a building without elevator. Information will be available upon arrival to discover all the treasures of the city of light, but also the neighborhood (discover the many nearby bars and restaurants over the streets Oberkampf and Jean-Pierre Timbault, stroll around the artists workshops, enjoy the charm of the hill of Ménilmontant and Belleville, picnic in the parc of Buttes Chaumont or at the canal saint martin, listen to live mus
20108	The appartment is very bright and has a balcony opening on Ménilmontant's water tank (1 out of Paris 5 water tank). The apartment is fully equiped for 4 persons :(1 separate room with a bed for 2) and one sofa (for 2 persons). You will have all the equipments you need: hoven, induction power hob, fridge, freezer, 2 TVs (one in the living room and the other in the room) and a wifi access. The access to the building is totally secure as there is a code and then a key to go in. Moreover the appartment' entrance door is armoured.	"Very nice, cosy and quiet apartment located in an area called ""La campagne à Paris""  very spacious apartment (70m2 / 700 sq.feet) with a very big living room, a separate bedroom, a small kitchen and a balcony, in a very central and  The appartment is very bright and has a balcony opening on Ménilmontant's water tank (1 out of Paris 5 water tank). The apartment is fully equiped for 4 persons :(1 separate room with a bed for 2) and one sofa (for 2 persons). You will have all the equipments you need: hoven, induction power hob, fridge, freezer, 2 TVs (one in the living room and the other in the room) and a wifi access. The access to the building is totally secure as there is a code and then a key to go in. Moreover the appartment' entrance door is armoured. You will have at your disposal sheets, towels, bathroom and kitchen facilities to make your stay more comfortable.  We will prepare a guide for you including adresses of bars, restaurants, shops etc to make you discover the Parisian wa"
20109	L'appartement a été refait à neuf en 2013. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. La loggia est dotée d'une vue imprenable et surtout très calme 	Cosy, bright and calm studio (30m²) in a typical animated parisian neighborhood.  Fully refurbished in 2013. Large main room with good quality sofa bed, free wireless internet, large flat screen tv. Modern bathroom with bathtub and wc. Fully equiped  15 min walk from Place Gambetta and Nation. A few steps from Maraichers metro station, line 9 : 2 minutes from Nation, 10 min from Republique and direct to the Eiffel Tower (Trocadero station) 
20110		2Grandes chambres avec lits doubles et petit balcon, au 4e étage d'un bel immeuble. Possibilité de loger 2 personnes en plus sur un matelas gonflable. A proximité du métro Gambetta et du cimetière du Père Lachaise.
20111	Logement spacieux tout confort et le plus la terrasse de 60m² avec porte fenêtre sur toutes les pièces entourent l'appartement au dernier étage sans vis à vis au calme.	Superbe appartement avec grand séjour entourée d'une terrasse de 60 m²  vue sur tout Paris et  la Tour Eiffel. Soleil toute la journée. Terrasse fleurie et équipée tables, chaises longues et barbecue. Métro au pied de l'immeuble. Logement spacieux tout confort et le plus la terrasse de 60m² avec porte fenêtre sur toutes les pièces entourent l'appartement au dernier étage sans vis à vis au calme. vélo disponible, bien que vélib et autolib au pied de l'immeuble. Wifi Machine à laver Nespresso Je serai présente à la remise des clés. Documentation sur Paris et alentours avec principales attractions . Quartier très vivant avec commerces et restaurants à proximité. Proche du cimetière du Père La chaise et du bois de Vincennes. Métro ligne 9 (direct vers les grands magasins, l'opéra, Trocadéro...)  bus au pied de l'immeuble. Proche du RER A vers eurodisney. Entre l'autoroute A4 (porte de bercy) et l'autoroute A3 (porte de bagnolet) Dans l appartement mon chat Caramel pourra parfois être prése
20112	This little appartement is well located and full equipped  you have a space for the kitchen and small toilets with a shower.	Studio in paris 20th district  located in a very quiet residencial street, 2 blocks to the metro 9 and 2,  close to some interesting places like Père Lachaîse cemetery. Ideal for 2 people maybe 3. A nice plan to come to paris for a small budget. This little appartement is well located and full equipped  you have a space for the kitchen and small toilets with a shower. full acces Quiet neighboors and calm street, many supermarkets and stores Very close from  Métro Buzenval, ligne 9  Métro Avron, ligne 2 Métro Porte de Vincennes, ligne 1  Métro Nation, ligne 6,2,9,1  RER A Nation Bus 64 Tramway T3a, T3b
20113	Our 70 m2 loft is in a lovely and very quiet area accessed by a private garden,  located in an old movie industry factory. At  10 minutes from the Park Buttes-Chaumont (biggest park of Paris), at 5 minutes from Belleville and Jourdain, this apartment is perfectly located is you want to enjoy the parisian life style.  Please note that there is not separate bedroom : one queen bed of 160 on the mezzanine and one convertible sofa of 140 downstairs.	Loft apartment - area of Buttes Chaumont (Paris 19th and 20) beautiful view, on the 3rd floor, very quiet. Many shops, cinema nearby.  Our apartment in Paris is located at 2 min of métro Pyrénées (line 11) Our 70 m2 loft is in a lovely and very quiet area accessed by a private garden,  located in an old movie industry factory. At  10 minutes from the Park Buttes-Chaumont (biggest park of Paris), at 5 minutes from Belleville and Jourdain, this apartment is perfectly located is you want to enjoy the parisian life style.  Please note that there is not separate bedroom : one queen bed of 160 on the mezzanine and one convertible sofa of 140 downstairs. - Elevator - Equipped Kitchen  - Microwave  - Dishwasher - Washing machine - Vacuum cleaner, iron - Hairdryer - Bath - Towel warmers - Wifi access  - TV + cable channels  - 1 bed and 1 sofa bed Many shops, restaurants and pubs are available in this area (Organic shops, Picard, many traditional french shops, bakeries)  ! The loft is located at
20114		Paris 20eme  40 m2  Métro Gambetta , ligne 3 , bus direct grands monuments Paris;   2e. étage, ascenseur. Sécurisé  Entrée,  cuisine ouverte sur séjour,  chambre les 2 pièces donnant  sur  le balcon,  salle de bain baignoire.   chambre 1 lit double, + canapé convertible dans le salon 2 personnes.     CALME    quartier très sympa, animé resto cinéma commerces quartier très animé avec restaurants ,cinéma, boulangerie en bas de l'immeuble et magasins alimentaires et autres l'appartement est à 2 minutes à pied du métro Gambetta, et bus.
20115	On the fourth floor of a 1930 building, it is a charming 30sqm flat located at the door step of “La Campagne à Paris”, near the famous Père-Lachaise Cemetery, in the lively and folk 20th district of Paris. Newly renovated in a contemporary style, the apartment is very bright and retains some of the traditional Parisian decor features such as traditional Parisian wood flooring.  Apartment layout: A cozy lobby opens up onto a fully equipped kitchen (micro-wave oven, fridge, ceramic hob, toaster, electric coffee machine, electric kettle….) and a comfortable living room (15sqm) furnished with a queen size bed (new mattress), a double sofa bed and ample storage, Flat screen TV( with International channels) Large bathroom with shower and storage space. hairdryer available. Baby cot available upon request.  Bed sheets and bath towels provided. Free wifi available.  Non-smoking (though smoking at the window is tolerated ).   - FOR ALL  ARRIVALS :As we are not professionals, and we each have a 	In a popular family neighborhood in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, typical Parisian STUDIO of 30 m2 renovated by architect in 2013. Very bright, transports (bus / metro / tramway), Ideal for 2 or 4 people. On the fourth floor of a 1930 building, it is a charming 30sqm flat located at the door step of “La Campagne à Paris”, near the famous Père-Lachaise Cemetery, in the lively and folk 20th district of Paris. Newly renovated in a contemporary style, the apartment is very bright and retains some of the traditional Parisian decor features such as traditional Parisian wood flooring.  Apartment layout: A cozy lobby opens up onto a fully equipped kitchen (micro-wave oven, fridge, ceramic hob, toaster, electric coffee machine, electric kettle….) and a comfortable living room (15sqm) furnished with a queen size bed (new mattress), a double sofa bed and ample storage, Flat screen TV( with International channels) Large bathroom with shower and storage space. hairdryer available. Baby cot avai
20116	I will be pleased to welcome you in my 4 guest place ! There is one bedroom, a living, a kitchen and a bathroom. In the living room there is a sofabed. 	I will be pleased to welcome you in my 4 guest place ! There is one bedroom, a living, a kitchen and a bathroom. In the living room there is a sofabed. It will be a pleasure to give you all the advice to enjoy as well as possible the place.  This is a full of life neighborhood, you can find everything you want. There are many bus in the area and 2 lines of metro (2&3).
20117	It can welcome 4 persons in total. It's 30 meters square. Little hoven. Internet. 3rd floor. No elevator.. Friendly host. Near all accomodations : Nation metro and RER A (towards Disney) and also metro Avron or Buzenval (less than 5 mn walking).  It's in a very nice alternative area to the turistical usual places, and they remain quite near.  It's quite and typical. There are restaurants and nice bars in the same street. 5 mn walking to the Père Lachaise cimetery. It's my house that's why it's not often available. I'll be glad to give you any details about it or the area. Don't doubt in (website hidden) : the check out is before noon but you can always leave your luggages in the apartment if you need so.	One bedroom and a sofa-bed in a lovely 2 rooms apartment at the end of a charming and quiet parisian impasse.  It can welcome 4 persons in total. It's 30 meters square. Little hoven. Internet. 3rd floor. No elevator.. Friendly host. Near all accomodations : Nation metro and RER A (towards Disney) and also metro Avron or Buzenval (less than 5 mn walking).  It's in a very nice alternative area to the turistical usual places, and they remain quite near.  It's quite and typical. There are restaurants and nice bars in the same street. 5 mn walking to the Père Lachaise cimetery. It's my house that's why it's not often available. I'll be glad to give you any details about it or the area. Don't doubt in (website hidden) : the check out is before noon but you can always leave your luggages in the apartment if you need so.
20118	Located in a calm little street, the flat have a side on the street with the kitchen (fully equipped) and the living-room, and the other side on a little court with the bedroom and the bathroom. The building have 4 floor and the flowery courtyard open to everyone. Despite the ground floor, the day light comes in the living room pretty well (south facing facade). The bedroom is really quiet (we sleep regulary with the window opened). The living room have a sofa bed so the hosting capacity could be 2 people + 2 optionnals. We own a big cave just under the flat wich allows us to put easily our clothes during the renting. Therefore you could fully use our drawers and wardrobe.	42 sq m, ground floor, practical, clean and quiet. Bedroom with a king size bed, kitchen, living room (with a bed-settee) and bathroom. Located in the 20th district in the Belleville neighborhood, at 5 minutes from Jourdain subway station Located in a calm little street, the flat have a side on the street with the kitchen (fully equipped) and the living-room, and the other side on a little court with the bedroom and the bathroom. The building have 4 floor and the flowery courtyard open to everyone. Despite the ground floor, the day light comes in the living room pretty well (south facing facade). The bedroom is really quiet (we sleep regulary with the window opened). The living room have a sofa bed so the hosting capacity could be 2 people + 2 optionnals. We own a big cave just under the flat wich allows us to put easily our clothes during the renting. Therefore you could fully use our drawers and wardrobe. Shops: A lot of supermarkets, with 2 specialised in organic food and 1 in froze
20119		Bonjour. Je sous-loue pour les mois de juillet et août ma chambre dans un superbe appart de 90 m2 situé dans le 20ème arrondissement dans le quartier de Gambetta. proche toutes commodités. Métro ligne 3 et tramway T3 bis au pied de l'immeuble !
20120	Je vis dans cette appartement, du coup les armoires pour les habits ne sont pas disponibles.	Appartement tout équipé avec un grande luminosité grâce aux 8 fenêtres. Douche à l'italienne très agréable. Proche de 2 métros (maraîchers et porte de vincennes), place de la nation et commerces. Je vis dans cette appartement, du coup les armoires pour les habits ne sont pas disponibles. Tout l'appartement est dispo Je serais disponible pour vous accueillier et récupérer les clés, si ce n'est pas le cas je vous préviendrais et un  ami me remplacera.
20121	Hello everybody! I live in a beautiful duplex close to the Belleville Parc, where is one of the most fantastic View on Paris! In the ground floor is a bright and spacious kitchen all equiped (dishwasher, toaster, gas stove, fridge / freezer) and a living-room. In the first floor, there is: -a bathroom with a bathtub, a sink, a washing machine and separated toilets. -your room with a very confortable king size bed  -a small area with a phone (internet with wifi) -a small area with a single bed, to read enjoying the sun into the room The neighborhood: Belleville is one of the most typical and popular neighborhood of Paris, with an atractive nightlife. The most of the best bars are located in the area, particuarly in the Ménilmontant street, only 10 minutes walking from the apartment! This si also a place where live a lot of artist, full of studios and galleries.  My apartment is in a quiet street, close to everything you need: stores with exoctic products to make delicious meal as well a	Hello everybody! I live in a beautiful duplex close to the Belleville Parc, where is one of the most fantastic View on Paris! In the ground floor is a bright and spacious kitchen all equiped (dishwasher, toaster, gas stove, fridge / freezer) and a living-room. In the first floor, there is: -a bathroom with a bathtub, a sink, a washing machine and separated toilets. -your room with a very confortable king size bed  -a small area with a phone (internet with wifi) -a small area with a single bed, to read enjoying the sun into the room The neighborhood: Belleville is one of the most typical and popular neighborhood of Paris, with an atractive nightlife. The most of the best bars are located in the area, particuarly in the Ménilmontant street, only 10 minutes walking from the apartment! This si also a place where live a lot of artist, full of studios and galleries.  My apartment is in a quiet street, close to everything you need: stores with exoctic products to make delicious meal as well a
20122	In the heart of the 20th district, in a living neighborhood, very bright and spacious appartment for 3 persons (1 real bed plus a couch in the bedroom for 1 person) internet, fully equiped kitchen, no vis-a-vis, very comfy couch ! Nation station (RER A, lines 1, 2, 6, 9) is at 10-15 minutes 	"Hello and welcome to my home sweet home since 4 years! It is a 41 m² (440 sq/ft) at the 6th and last floor WITHOUT ELEVATOR, rue des Pyrénées at 5 min from ""Maraichers"" line 9. Everything to make your stay as if you were home! bright and comfortable In the heart of the 20th district, in a living neighborhood, very bright and spacious appartment for 3 persons (1 real bed plus a couch in the bedroom for 1 person) internet, fully equiped kitchen, no vis-a-vis, very comfy couch ! Nation station (RER A, lines 1, 2, 6, 9) is at 10-15 minutes  The whole flat is for you, you can of course use coffe, oils, sugar, teas.... I am available for all your questions about the neighborhood and Paris ! Find everything you need within a five minute walk! wineshop, butchery, fruits vegetables, supermarkets, foodstores open 24/7, market on week ends at Place de la Réunion, restaurants, bars... Check out the map below or ask any question ! 5 minutes by walk: métro line 9 ""Maraichers"", bus 76 stop ""Pyrénées "
20123	Charming close duplex close to Buttes Chaumont and of the district of ménilmontant. 2 rooms(chambers) among which a room(chamber) baby, big lounge(show) cooks. Internet, oven, washes dishes(crockery), washing machine, bathtub. View(sight) cleared(released) on court(yard) and small place(square).	Charming close duplex close to Buttes Chaumont and of the district of ménilmontant. 2 rooms(chambers) among which a room(chamber) baby, big lounge(show) cooks. Internet, oven, washes dishes(crockery), washing machine, bathtub. View(sight) cleared(released) on court(yard) and small place(square).
20124	Brand new flat, lightful, view in the trees, very pleasant to live in.  Second floor, with a lift. Very clam building.	3 rooms 51m2, on a square with trees, few mn from métro Gambetta and Père Lachaise. Ideal for a family, 2 bedrooms and 1 living room with fully furnished kitchen. Flat just renovated. High Speed Wifi. Brand new flat, lightful, view in the trees, very pleasant to live in.  Second floor, with a lift. Very clam building. Fullfurnished kitchen, High Speed Wifi, washing machine. Few minutes walking to the famous Père Lachaise cimetery. Very close from the MK2 Gambetta cinema. Lots of food shops and restaurants around. The métro station Gambetta is few minutes walking, ligne 3, 10 minutes from the metro station République. Lots of bus, whose the number 69, direct to Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Châtelet, le Louvre, Tuileries garden.
20125	9 great roomates, a garden, quiet district, not far from cite center : what else ;) ?	Possibility to host more people depending on the bedrooms available ! We are 9 roomates in the house, it's very friendly and we would be nice to meet you :) Little garden and big living room. Bathroom to share, just next to the room.
20126	The flat is located in the 20th arrondissement between Père lachaise and the wonderful parc of the buttes chaumont for the joggers but not only :) The borough is really nice to live the real parisian life: restaurants, cinema, bars, markets, and nice bakeries yummmmy :) On the second floor,the flat is 28m2 with a big living room with parquet and convertible canape Sheets, pillows and duvet cover are available! Big cupboard, a kitchen with all you need: fridge, mini oven, hot plates, toaster, coffee machine + some kitchen books In the bathroom, you will have at your disposal shampoo and shower gel  One lovely entrance with a cosy dining place and a Library WIFI Welcome breakfast will be offered to the guests who will arrive before 10am! Everything for you to enjoy PARIS! 	"Come and experience the life "" à la parisienne!"" In a lively cosmopolitan and well located district of Paris!! Nice and cosy flat, perfect for 2! You will enjoy this lovely borough called MENILMONTANT! The flat is located in the 20th arrondissement between Père lachaise and the wonderful parc of the buttes chaumont for the joggers but not only :) The borough is really nice to live the real parisian life: restaurants, cinema, bars, markets, and nice bakeries yummmmy :) On the second floor,the flat is 28m2 with a big living room with parquet and convertible canape Sheets, pillows and duvet cover are available! Big cupboard, a kitchen with all you need: fridge, mini oven, hot plates, toaster, coffee machine + some kitchen books In the bathroom, you will have at your disposal shampoo and shower gel  One lovely entrance with a cosy dining place and a Library WIFI Welcome breakfast will be offered to the guests who will arrive before 10am! Everything for you to enjoy PARIS! Louvre museum by "
20127	Welcome to a very clean and charming flat in the heart of the famous rue Oberkampf-Menilmontant area.  This one bedroom flat is at the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian backyard building. No lift. The apartment offers two advantages:  -located in the famous Oberkampf Street, well known for its nightlife (trendy bars and restaurants), and 10 minutes by walk from the historic center Le Marais!  -very quiet as the windows are facing a typical courtyard. THE FLAT :  -One bedroom with a large bed,  -Living room with a coach (for 2 persons), a desk, an arm chair “vintage”, a table with chairs and an open kitchen (fully equipped).  -Bathroom with shower.  WIFI internet  TV Washing machine /dryer Ironing set...  TRANSPORTATION:  The apartment is 30 seconds from the Menilmontant metro station (line 2) and 3 minutes from the metro rue Saint-Maur or Père Lachaise (line 3).  There are also 1 Velib stations in front of the building and another one by the corner , one Autolib spot, and 2 buses running	Welcome to a very clean and charming flat in the heart of the famous rue Oberkampf-Menilmontant area.  This one bedroom flat is at the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian backyard building. No lift. The apartment offers two advantages:  -located in the famous Oberkampf Street, well known for its nightlife (trendy bars and restaurants), and 10 minutes by walk from the historic center Le Marais!  -very quiet as the windows are facing a typical courtyard. THE FLAT :  -One bedroom with a large bed,  -Living room with a coach (for 2 persons), a desk, an arm chair “vintage”, a table with chairs and an open kitchen (fully equipped).  -Bathroom with shower.  WIFI internet  TV Washing machine /dryer Ironing set...  TRANSPORTATION:  The apartment is 30 seconds from the Menilmontant metro station (line 2) and 3 minutes from the metro rue Saint-Maur or Père Lachaise (line 3).  There are also 1 Velib stations in front of the building and another one by the corner , one Autolib spot, and 2 buses running
20128	This apartment is like a real Suite in a cosy Hotel, the kind of one that you would find in a very charming one, with access to all the modern devices. In order to make my guest's journey easy, I edited a very complete house guide.	Paris Père Lachaise, 2 rooms' all furnished apartment, calm clear & cosy. 1st floor in a nice city-condo open onto a cute public-square, nearby the Mama Shelter Hotel. Métro lines #2 & 3 + Bus#76, 26, 64 + Tram#3.  This apartment is like a real Suite in a cosy Hotel, the kind of one that you would find in a very charming one, with access to all the modern devices. In order to make my guest's journey easy, I edited a very complete house guide. Wifi access. Copier/Scanner/Printer with USB cable to connect your laptop. LG flat plasma TV 50 inches with TNT Cable. DVD player Zone 1 & 2 (USA/Europe) + lots of french & english DVDs. Washing machine Miele. (In order to dry your laundry faster, there is a laundry-mat just outside on the left of the building when you get out of it). Stove, Ove, micro-wave oven, fridge & freezer, all usual kitchen & cooking devices for four people. Bathroom with bathtub/shower. Spacious cabinets, wardrobe, 2 chest of drawers. Lots of door-coats. Nespresso coffee 
20129	Appartement indépendant au dernier étage d'une maison. vue sur terrasse et jardin. Cuisine équipée séparée. salle de douche séparée. 	3ème (dernier) étage , 43 m2,  .Chambre/salon 30m2 avec vue sur jardin.cuisine.salle de douche. lumineux et calme en plein Paris.quartier typique parisien, proche parc Buttes Chaumont.  Métro Pyrénées à 2 mm. 6 arrêts directs pour Hôtel de Ville. Appartement indépendant au dernier étage d'une maison. vue sur terrasse et jardin. Cuisine équipée séparée. salle de douche séparée. logement entier du dernier étage ( grande chambre-living), cuisine équipée et salle de douche. Nous serons évidemment disponible pour les aider et leur donner des conseils pendant tout leur séjour à Paris. quartier d'artistes,vivant et animé ( lieu de naissance d'Edith Piaf et Maurice Chevalier).  Beaucoup de commerces. facilités pour faire de bonnes courses pas cher. restaurants, cafés. à proximité du magnifique parc des buttes Chaumont. Très bien desservi. ligne 11 ( métro) bus 26. A 10/ 15 minutes par le métro du centre ville ( Châtelet).
20130	Nice family flat, perfect for a couple with 2 kids and possibility for another couple to sleep (well) in the living room. Nice place in Paris near the Buttes-Chaumont, the metro line take you straight to the center of Paris, and the bus close to the Père-Lachaise. A big bathroom (with a bath ) next to the Buttes-Chaumont's park, perfect for kids and parents (you can go and have a drink at Rosa-bonheur). The building is an historical place. Internet wifi and a computer if needed Baby equipment  Calm and romantic Metro ligne 11 - Jourdain 	A charming family flat in Jourdain. Very cosy and calm, perfect for a family trip to Paris ! The flat is part of an historical buiding and has a wonderfull interior courtyard.  Nice family flat, perfect for a couple with 2 kids and possibility for another couple to sleep (well) in the living room. Nice place in Paris near the Buttes-Chaumont, the metro line take you straight to the center of Paris, and the bus close to the Père-Lachaise. A big bathroom (with a bath ) next to the Buttes-Chaumont's park, perfect for kids and parents (you can go and have a drink at Rosa-bonheur). The building is an historical place. Internet wifi and a computer if needed Baby equipment  Calm and romantic Metro ligne 11 - Jourdain Guests will have access to  Internet and Cable TV. There is a Nespresso machine.   We re happy chat with guest as much as they need. Feel welcome to ask about Paris and we ll be happpy to tell you about the city. We spent all our life is Paris and like to share information. The n
20131	L'appartement est au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Très lumineux, il dispose de fenêtres dans toutes les pièces. Une partie donne sur cour, l'autre sur rue calme. The appartment is on the 3rd floor with elevator. Very luminous, there are lots of windows. El deparmento se encuentra en el tercer piso con ascensor. Muy luminoso, todos los cuartos tienen ventanas.	Appartement de 85 m² : trois chambres, salon, cuisine, salle de bain (serviettes fournies) et toilettes séparées. Wifi inclu, TV, machine à laver, sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle, bibliothèque. L'usage de la cuisine est libre. L'appartement est au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Très lumineux, il dispose de fenêtres dans toutes les pièces. Une partie donne sur cour, l'autre sur rue calme. The appartment is on the 3rd floor with elevator. Very luminous, there are lots of windows. El deparmento se encuentra en el tercer piso con ascensor. Muy luminoso, todos los cuartos tienen ventanas. Une chambre et toutes les pièces à vivre sont accessibles : salon, salle de bain, cuisine. A bedroom and all the other rooms can be used. Se puede usar el cuarto y todos los demas ambientes. Nous disposons de guides de voyages et de tourisme ainsi que de plans de métro parisiens. Nous sommes un couple franco-argentin. We have guides of the city and maps of the subway. We're a couple french-argentin. Tenemos a disp
20132		Deux pièces refait à neuf, parfait pour un couple. 30 m2. Orienté sud. Très accessible en termes de transport (ligne 9 - Buzenval au pied de l'immeuble, ligne 2 - Avron à 2 minutes et Nation à 6 minutes à pied). Proche tous commerces. 3è sans ascens.
20133	Elegant, typically Parisian Fireplace, wooden parquet and piano The building is from 1907 The apartment has been completely renovated by an architect in 2009	"Very elegant and typically Parisian : 47 m2 (506 sq ft.) Fireplace and piano. Quiet room overlooking a courtyard with a tree. Large living room. Fully equipped kitchen Very nice area, very close to the subway station Elegant, typically Parisian Fireplace, wooden parquet and piano The building is from 1907 The apartment has been completely renovated by an architect in 2009 I have lived in this area for the past 5 years and I really love it !  Very nice shops, grocery stores and lovely little restaurants. Extremely close to the ""Gambetta"" subway station (Line 3) approx. 30 seconds ! Subway (line 3) ""Gambetta"" Bus"
20134	Appartement dans immeuble ancien, récemment rénové, propre, chaleureux, et pratique. Vous trouverez une chambre avec un vrai lit (180 cm) et un salon 	Gambetta is an authentic and upbeat neighborhood very close to the main attractions. Appartement dans immeuble ancien, récemment rénové, propre, chaleureux, et pratique. Vous trouverez une chambre avec un vrai lit (180 cm) et un salon  L'appartement est équipé d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain très moderne. Les toilettes sont séparées. L'appartement est très calme. Il est situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble propre et sécurisé. J'accueille les voyageurs et peux leur transmettre de nombreux conseils. Je suis rédactrice de guides touristiques ! Je ne suis pas présente sur place pendant le séjour.  Quartier animé mais calme, de bons commerce, à 5 minutes de Père-Lachaise. Proche du métro Gambetta (5 minutes) et Pelleport (3 minutes) qui relie le centre de Paris (Opéra, Havre-Caumartin direct). Nombreuses lignes de bus (69, 96, 60, etc.) 
20135		Pendant tout l'été, 2 chambres disponibles dans un appartement. Quartier de Paris charmant et tranquille : le XXe. Préférence pour une semaine ou plus. Merci Merci de ne pas utiliser la réservation intantanée PLEASE, DO NOT USE INSTANT BOOK.
20136	Two parts for 37m2, remade new, peaceful, shone upon, released sight and greenery on 5th floor.	Near to the Parc of Belleville and district animated Oberkampf. Calm and shone upon, the apartment is remade new on the 5th floor with released sight and greenery. With all equipment. Two parts for 37m2, remade new, peaceful, shone upon, released sight and greenery on 5th floor. All equipment for kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and living room Quickly The best district of Paris !!
20137	We have a lovely apartment in the heart of the Gambetta village, right in front of the Père Lachaise park. You will experience a truly Parisian atmosphere: our place is elegant and spacious (104m2), with typically Parisian features (hardwood floors, ancient fireplaces, high ceilings...). It is a very bright place, composed of a large living room, 3 bedrooms (plus additional sofa bed in the living room), a kitchen & bathroom (just refurbished). Just around the corner, you will find a number of nice local stores, supermarkets, fresh produce markets, a cinema and many restaurants. Public transportation will allow to circulate easily throughout Paris (Belleville in 10 min.; Bastille & Marais in 15 min.; Quartier Latin & Montmartre in 25 min.).	Elegant, Bright and Cosy apartment in classical Parisian style. Well-located in the heart of the village-like neighborhood Gambetta (cinema, nice food stores and restaurants...), we are confident you will feel at home in our friendly place. We have a lovely apartment in the heart of the Gambetta village, right in front of the Père Lachaise park. You will experience a truly Parisian atmosphere: our place is elegant and spacious (104m2), with typically Parisian features (hardwood floors, ancient fireplaces, high ceilings...). It is a very bright place, composed of a large living room, 3 bedrooms (plus additional sofa bed in the living room), a kitchen & bathroom (just refurbished). Just around the corner, you will find a number of nice local stores, supermarkets, fresh produce markets, a cinema and many restaurants. Public transportation will allow to circulate easily throughout Paris (Belleville in 10 min.; Bastille & Marais in 15 min.; Quartier Latin & Montmartre in 25 min.). Our place
20138	Le canapé lit est dans la pièce à vivre. Un immense placard à l'entrée vous permet de déposer vos affaires. Les propriétaires dorment dans la chambre. La cuisine, la salle de bain et les toilettes sont partagés. WC séparés de la salle de bain.	Appartement très lumineux avec balcon, vue dégagée, canapé lit 2 places (vrai matelas), parking sécurisé et gratuit, à 100m du métro, des vélibs et des bus. Le canapé lit est dans la pièce à vivre. Un immense placard à l'entrée vous permet de déposer vos affaires. Les propriétaires dorment dans la chambre. La cuisine, la salle de bain et les toilettes sont partagés. WC séparés de la salle de bain. 4eme étage avec Ascenseur. Nous vous accueillons les week-ends sur Paris. Nous vous proposons aussi de vous concocter un bon diner si vous le souhaitez pour 25 EUR. Apéritif, amuses bouche, entrée, plat, dessert, vin, eau et café/thé. A proximité de Nation. Quartier Maraichers. Multi-culturel et sûr. Cafés, restaurants, commerces ouverts le dimanche. à 100m du métro Maraichers (ligne 9). Nation à 2 stations, toutes correspondances, métro 1,2,6,9, RER A. A 15 minutes de Châtelet/Le Marais. Station de taxi à Maraichers. Bus 26,57,64. Le petit déjeuner vous est offert. Café, thé, croissant et ju
20139		Hello everybody My name es Ivanna im 23 years old and i would like to rent my room for a couple of weeks to a very reliable person. The room is a big room, with a double bed, a closeth, a night table and a desk. The app is not far away to metro.
20140	1 bedroom with 1 double bed   + 1 bunk double bed.  1 living room with a sofa bed.	1 bedroom with 1 double bed   + 1 bunk double bed.  1 living room with a sofa bed. Kitchen with a fridge, a gaz stove and a wash machine Shower, sink and wc Living room I'm usually reachable on my cell phone. Quiet and near from all shops and public transport. Metro line 2 and 3 Bus (phone number hidden)
20141	Welcome to our 35 square meters bright, clean and comfortable apartment in the bustling, authentic Paris of the 20th arrondissement! Live a real parisian experience amongst the locals. Only 15 minutes from Bastille ! THE APARTMENT : This one bedroom apartment is in a typical 20th century parisian building . THE BEDROOM : includes a comfortable double bed, a large commode a foldable single bed, and a foldable bed for babies. MAIN ROOM : includes a single bed sofa and table and chairs. THE KITCHEN : all furnished BATHROOM : includes shower and toilet, spacious and recently renewed TV Internet High Speed. Washing machine. Microwaves . Iron	Welcome to our bright, clean and comfortable apartment in the bustling, authentic Paris of the 20th arrondissement, Gambetta! Live a real parisian experience amongst the locals. Only 15 minutes from Bastille ! Welcome to our 35 square meters bright, clean and comfortable apartment in the bustling, authentic Paris of the 20th arrondissement! Live a real parisian experience amongst the locals. Only 15 minutes from Bastille ! THE APARTMENT : This one bedroom apartment is in a typical 20th century parisian building . THE BEDROOM : includes a comfortable double bed, a large commode a foldable single bed, and a foldable bed for babies. MAIN ROOM : includes a single bed sofa and table and chairs. THE KITCHEN : all furnished BATHROOM : includes shower and toilet, spacious and recently renewed TV Internet High Speed. Washing machine. Microwaves . Iron Entire Flat I have lived in this area for years and can help you find all the good places to go. I speak english and will always try to be there 
20142	Lit deux place dans la chambre, idéal pour un couple. Présence d'un matelas confortable, si couchage séparé ou 3 personnes.	Appartement bien organisé, avec de beaux espaces salon et chambre, un coin bureau. Salle de bain avec douche et bain. Cuisine avec plaques induction. Lumineux dernier étage, 6ème avec ascenseur, sans vis-à-vis, face à un square. Intérieur chaleureux. Lit deux place dans la chambre, idéal pour un couple. Présence d'un matelas confortable, si couchage séparé ou 3 personnes. Le logement est entièrement à disposition, confort et intimité garantis! Nous pouvons vous accueillir à partir de 10h le jour de votre arrivée, ce sera l'occasion de discuter toutes les questions concernant votre séjour. Quartier de Paris particulièrement vivant, à côté du Père Lachaise, avec tous les commerces nécessaires à proximité, cafés, salles de spectacle (théâtre de la colline), et une vie animée. A deux pas du quartier de Belleville, réputé lui aussi. A une minute à pied du métro Gambetta, ligne 3, et maillé par un important réseau de bus. Lieu très facilement accessible. Appartement dans Paris, très calme, d
20143	"The flat (52m²) is situated in a secure building across the road from the metro ""Pelleport"" or 3 min from the larger station ""Gambetta"", next to the Père Lachaise cemetery (line 3). There are a large number of transport options available nearby (metro, bus, tramway) - the heart of Paris is less than 20 min away! The apartment itself is 52 m² (560 sq. feet) and on the second floor. Both the bedroom (to let) and the living room (where we sleep) are south-facing with the dining kitchen on the other side of the building, overlooking a roof space. The toilets and bathroom are separate. The flat is equipped with all the mod-cons - apart from a dishwasher but we quite happily wash up! We supply the bedsheets and towels.  Don't hesitate to send us an email to ask about the bedroom, the apartment or the area!"	"South-facing comfortable bedroom to let in our modern airy apartment. Plenty of storage and a comfy large king size bed! We live a couple of minutes away from the local shops, restaurants and bars of the ""Village Gambetta"". The flat (52m²) is situated in a secure building across the road from the metro ""Pelleport"" or 3 min from the larger station ""Gambetta"", next to the Père Lachaise cemetery (line 3). There are a large number of transport options available nearby (metro, bus, tramway) - the heart of Paris is less than 20 min away! The apartment itself is 52 m² (560 sq. feet) and on the second floor. Both the bedroom (to let) and the living room (where we sleep) are south-facing with the dining kitchen on the other side of the building, overlooking a roof space. The toilets and bathroom are separate. The flat is equipped with all the mod-cons - apart from a dishwasher but we quite happily wash up! We supply the bedsheets and towels.  Don't hesitate to send us an email to ask about the "
20144	Offrez-vous un séjour à Paris, dans un studio confortable et éclectique ! >> L’appartement se trouve dans un bâtiment moderne, parfaitement isolé, au 3eme étage et il est « prêt à vivre ». Il offre une surface de 27m² avec salle de bain et cuisine séparées, une entrée avec une armoire, une petite terrasse avec de plantes et une chambre de séjour/dortoir. La cuisine est complètement équipée (couvertes, vaisselle, casseroles, poêle, wok, cafetière, robot etc.). Dans la chambre de séjour, les meubles Ikea et les murs sont décorées spontanément avec des cartes postales, petits affiches, dessins, peintures et objets faits à la main. Le canapé-lit est assez grand pour 2 personnes (200cm x 145cm ; oreillers, draps et couettes disponibles). . >> Le studio se trouve dans le 20eme arrondissement, sur la ligne 3bis de Metro (arrêt Saint-Fargeau) dans un quartier tranquille et coquet avec toutes ses commodités et multiples commerces de proximité (supermarché ouvert jusqu’a 23h, boulangerie, bouche	Une surface de 27m² avec salle de bain et cuisine séparées, et une petite terrasse pour déjeuner au soleil ! Offrez-vous un séjour à Paris, dans un studio confortable et éclectique ! >> L’appartement se trouve dans un bâtiment moderne, parfaitement isolé, au 3eme étage et il est « prêt à vivre ». Il offre une surface de 27m² avec salle de bain et cuisine séparées, une entrée avec une armoire, une petite terrasse avec de plantes et une chambre de séjour/dortoir. La cuisine est complètement équipée (couvertes, vaisselle, casseroles, poêle, wok, cafetière, robot etc.). Dans la chambre de séjour, les meubles Ikea et les murs sont décorées spontanément avec des cartes postales, petits affiches, dessins, peintures et objets faits à la main. Le canapé-lit est assez grand pour 2 personnes (200cm x 145cm ; oreillers, draps et couettes disponibles). . >> Le studio se trouve dans le 20eme arrondissement, sur la ligne 3bis de Metro (arrêt Saint-Fargeau) dans un quartier tranquille et coquet avec t
20145		Appartement très confortable et agréable, bien situé, plusieurs métros à proximité. Parfait pour 1 ou 2 personnes souhaitant séjourner à Paris. Cuisine ( machine à laver à disposition), sdb, salon.
20146	A little flat in a nice district, in front of a church, closed to restaurants,  bars and shops! You just need to walk 2 minutes to go to the subway Ménilmontant station (Ligne 2), 5 minutes to have Oberkampf street and its restaurants and bars, 10mn to République and Père Lachaise cimetery, have a 15mn trip with subway to go to Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe... You will enjoy Paris! 	A little flat in a nice district, in front of a church, closed to restaurants,  bars and shops! You just need to walk 2 minutes to go to the subway Ménilmontant station (Ligne 2), 5 minutes to have Oberkampf street and its restaurants and bars, 10mn to République and Père Lachaise cimetery, have a 15mn trip with subway to go to Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe... You will enjoy Paris! 
20147	This cosy private bedroom is number 5 of 13 rooms in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to spend time with the others occupants by long-stay friendly students or other BnB customers. There are also a laundry with washer and dryer and a small backyard. The house is closed to Pere Lachaise and Gambetta well known for it	This cosy private bedroom is number 5 of 13 rooms in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to spend time with the others occupants by long-stay friendly students or other BnB customers. There are also a laundry with washer and dryer and a small backyard. The house is closed to Pere Lachaise and Gambetta well known for it
20148		Joli deux pièces situé près de place de Gambetta (Pairs 20). Lumineux et calme, il est au 8ème étage ... avec ascenseur. Je le loue préférablement pour un mois car je pars en vacances. Surface totale 26 m2, bien entretenu. Petite cuisine équipée. 
20149	Charming 1-Bedroom apartment (441 sq feet), recently renovated, located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building (no elevator), in the heart of Belleville : 1 cozy Bedroom with a queensize bed. Spacious and sunny living room (wooden floor) with a fully equipped American kitchen : fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave, kettle… Bathroom with natural light, equipped with a bathtub. Washing machine. Wireless Internet included. The place is ideal for a couple but can also accomodate one more guest as the sofa in the living room can be converted into a bed. Belleville is a colorful, multi-ethnic neighborhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns.  During the 1980s Parisian artists and musicians, attracted by the cheaper rents, & the numerous vacant large spaces, as well as the old Paris charm of its smaller streets started moving there. Many artists now live and work in Belleville. Some abandoned factories have been transformed into art squats, where several alternative arti	Charming 1-Bedroom apartment (441 sq feet), recently renovated, located on the 3rd floor of a typical Parisian building (no elevator), in the heart of Belleville : 1 cozy Bedroom with a queensize bed. Spacious and sunny living room (wooden floor) with a fully equipped American kitchen : fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave, kettle… Bathroom with natural light, equipped with a bathtub. Washing machine. Wireless Internet included. The place is ideal for a couple but can also accomodate one more guest as the sofa in the living room can be converted into a bed. Belleville is a colorful, multi-ethnic neighborhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns.  During the 1980s Parisian artists and musicians, attracted by the cheaper rents, & the numerous vacant large spaces, as well as the old Paris charm of its smaller streets started moving there. Many artists now live and work in Belleville. Some abandoned factories have been transformed into art squats, where several alternative arti
20150	I rent a bright living room (23 m2/ sq.m ) in a nice flat, a bourgeois building from the 20's, 5th floor (no lift) on the heights of Ménilmontant, in the triangle of the Belleville - Gambetta - Jourdain quarter. 	Bright and large living room (23 m2 / sq.m), bay window in a renovated flat, building from the 20's in the heights of Ménilmontant (20th quarter), view on the roofs of Paris,  I rent a bright living room (23 m2/ sq.m ) in a nice flat, a bourgeois building from the 20's, 5th floor (no lift) on the heights of Ménilmontant, in the triangle of the Belleville - Gambetta - Jourdain quarter. If you use or not Instant booking, please send me a note to present yourself, it will be nice and easier to know you before the check-in. During your stay, the living room and the balcony are for your usage; the kitchen and the bathroom  Check out : 12h - 12AM / Check in : 17h - 5PM Before the cheek-in and after the check-out, we can decide that you'll leave your luggages in the flat. Please do ask me if you are interested. The living room is to your own usage during your stay. I'll sometimes ask access to water the plants on the balcony. If you don't want me to have access when you are not at home, pleas
20151		très bel appartement de 50m2 au 26eme etage avec vue imprenable sur paris.
20152	This beautiful flat is located the 20th arrondissement of Paris, its comfort will take you away. The kitchen is wild and well opened, you will find as well very comfortable couches and a king size bed. This flat is perfect for travelling on its own or with family.	"A beautiful flat that is located in the 20th arrond, its comfort will take you away. The kitchen is wild and well opened, you will find as well very comfortable couches + a king size bed. This flat is perfect for travelling on its own or with family. This beautiful flat is located the 20th arrondissement of Paris, its comfort will take you away. The kitchen is wild and well opened, you will find as well very comfortable couches and a king size bed. This flat is perfect for travelling on its own or with family. Guest will have access to everything in the flat (wifi, TV, furnished kitchen...) You can either contact me by telephone or email me before, during and after your stay. Calm and lively, the area from the 20th arrondissement is definitely one of the most enjoyable area in Paris. Many restaurants and very unusual french pub will make your stay unforgettable. You will also find options in termes of theaters and cinemas. The closest tube station will be ""Porte de Bagnolet"" (Line 3- t"
20153	View	This flat has the greatest view over paris on top of menilmontant (metro telegraphe / Gambetta), surrounding Paris, view on all historical monuments  Cable TV, fully equiped kitchen, nice shower Sunset everynight any season View
20154	I have a cute studio in the 20th arrondissement of Paris.  Situated near the Pere Lachaise Cementery , the Buttes Chaumont Park, the Charonne area and Philippe Starck's bar: Mama Shelter, it takes just 10 minutes to walk to Place de la Nation, Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Menilmontant and the Charonne district near Bastille.  You can easily go the DISNEYLAND Park with the RER A from my house! It also offers a panoramic view over the whole east of Paris from the 10th floor. Floor to ceiling windows / sliding doors that open into the balcony. Within 2 steps from the apartment you can enjoy a breath of affordable restaurants and bars in the old Saint Blaise :  an old and authentic area of Paris from the balcony. The apartment is fully equipped with kitchen / small TV / Internet / wireless / washing machine and a mini oven. Towels and bed linen provided. Residence is very quiet and clean. A big garden is accessible to all. THE APARTMENT: It can accommodate 1-4 people. - The whole apartment is n	Sweet studio in the 20th of Paris next to the Père Lachaise and the area of Charonne. Short walk to the metro and bus stations. Wooded floor, long balcony with an amazing view on the east of Paris. Cosy and bright you will feel home immediatly! I have a cute studio in the 20th arrondissement of Paris.  Situated near the Pere Lachaise Cementery , the Buttes Chaumont Park, the Charonne area and Philippe Starck's bar: Mama Shelter, it takes just 10 minutes to walk to Place de la Nation, Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Menilmontant and the Charonne district near Bastille.  You can easily go the DISNEYLAND Park with the RER A from my house! It also offers a panoramic view over the whole east of Paris from the 10th floor. Floor to ceiling windows / sliding doors that open into the balcony. Within 2 steps from the apartment you can enjoy a breath of affordable restaurants and bars in the old Saint Blaise :  an old and authentic area of Paris from the balcony. The apartment is fully equipped with kitc
20155		Very nice appartment located 10 min by walk from Nation and close to Buttes chaumont and nice neighborhoods like Menilmontant. Internet and elecricity included. You have a pretty good choice of transportation : -The metro (line 1, 2, 9 and 6) -The RER A (Nation) -The bus (you have differents one leaving from Nation and going to many places in Paris) There is no microwave and no oven.
20156	Un petit coin de PARADIS dans Paris !  Maison très indépendante et très isolée.  Pas de vis-à-vis de voisinage.  Courette très agréable. Idéale pour famille 6 personnes. 2 chambre de 10m2 et un matelas 2pers dans le salon.  Cuisine idéalement équipée.  Accès internet, même à l'extérieur ! 2 bicyclettes à disposition  Bibliothèque, dvdthèque et rétroprojecteur.	Petite maison individuelle de 72m2 dans immeuble industriel et 35m2 de courette privative. RDC spacieux avec cuisine américaine,salle à manger et salon. Deux chambres à l'étage avec grands lits 2pers et sdb-toilets + matelas 2pers dans le salon Un petit coin de PARADIS dans Paris !  Maison très indépendante et très isolée.  Pas de vis-à-vis de voisinage.  Courette très agréable. Idéale pour famille 6 personnes. 2 chambre de 10m2 et un matelas 2pers dans le salon.  Cuisine idéalement équipée.  Accès internet, même à l'extérieur ! 2 bicyclettes à disposition  Bibliothèque, dvdthèque et rétroprojecteur. Quartier populaire du XXème, très vivant, mais la maison est dans une rue calme, proche tous commerces et marchés.  °Boulanger-Patissier-Boucher-Primeur-Fleuriste-Bio  °Marché de la Réunion Jeudi et Dimanche  °Les Puces de Montreuil du Samedi au Lundi  °Troquet du coin LE PÈRE POPULAIRE  °Meilleur Doner de Paris ouvert jusqu'à 2h  °Le marché de La Croix de Chavaux  Jeudi matin / Vendredi a
20157	Very quiet and sunny flat in a trendy aera (between canal St martin and Buttes chaumont). 2 bedrooms, double living room, kitchen and bathroom. Close from the subway  and shops. Market every wednesday and saturday in front of the building. Very quiet and sunny flat in a trendy aera (between canal St martin and Buttes chaumont). 2 bedrooms, double living room, kitchen and bathroom. Close from the subway  and shops. Market every wednesday and saturday in front of the building. 4 pièces (double living, 1 chambre lit double et une chambre avec lits superposés, s de bains et cuisine séparée) chaleureux très calme et lumineux situé dans le 10eme entre le canal St martin et les buttes chaumont! Metro à proximité et commerces. Appartement très calme, lumineux, chaleureux et à la décoration rétro-vintage.	Very quiet and sunny flat in a trendy aera (between canal St martin and Buttes chaumont). 2 bedrooms, double living room, kitchen and bathroom. Close from the subway  and shops. Market every wednesday and saturday in front of the building.
20158		Deux pièces au 5ème étage. Très calme et lumineux. Refait à neuf récemment. Emplacement très pratique pour visiter Paris. A deux pas des lignes de métro 1, 9, 6 et 2. Comprend : 1 salon, 1 chambre, 1 cuisine équipée et 1 salle de bain.
20159		Chambre double au sein d'une colocation dans le 20ème sur cours. Profitez d'un bel espace salon , de la cuisine équipée , machine à laver, parking. Quartier vivant et bien desservi.  Nice bedroom in a shared flat. Well equiped. Nice and living neighborhood.
20160	Nice house Art Studio, on 2 levels. The living room, overlooking the terrace and the bedroom, clear and calm, are upstairs.  Private Bathroom. Wifi. 	Philippe Barnier, painter, receives you in his home workshop in the picturesque and very green area of Belleville - 75020 .The living room opens onto a garden terrace. The room is light and very quiet. Private Bathroom.20 mn from downtown. Nice house Art Studio, on 2 levels. The living room, overlooking the terrace and the bedroom, clear and calm, are upstairs.  Private Bathroom. Wifi. The breakfast is served in the living room .  The house is located at the top of Belleville, district at the intersection of rue des Cascades and Savies near the Parc de Belleville, which offers panoramic views of Paris. This picturesque area has preserved, with its houses and many artists' studios, its passages and gardens, charm and poetry of the old popular Paris Close from the metro : PYRÉNÉES - LINE 11 , and just a few stops to Centre Pompidou, Hotel de Ville, the Marais, and other Paris attractions  MÉTRO  LIGNE 11 (Hôtel de Ville - Porte des Lilas)  - Arrêt : PYRÉNÉES   BUS 26 : Nation - Gare du N
20161	le studio est au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur .Résidence sécurisée avec digicode et interphone. Le studio est assez grand (30 m2 )et bien fonctionnel.	Petit nid douillet Avec balcon pour un petit verre dehors, cuisine séparée avec tout le nécessaire, télévision, play3, s-d-b avec baignoire pour se relaxer dans la mousse, lectures diverses, internet et jolie déco.Lit très confortable.Quartier sympathique et bien desservi. le studio est au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur .Résidence sécurisée avec digicode et interphone. Le studio est assez grand (30 m2 )et bien fonctionnel. Logement entier station de métro au bas de la résidence  plusieurs bus desservant tout Paris Grand plan de Paris accroché dans la pièce principale pour vous aider
20162	Charming duplex w/garden in Paris ! Imagine summer morning breakfasts or evening cocktails in your very own private garden…in the heart of Paris!! Eat outside under the wisteria on balmy, summer nights.  A haven of peace in the bustle of the city.  As you slip through door on the rue de Bagnolet, you enter a hidden world few people ever see – a cobble stone path in a late 19th century “cite ouvrière” with small houses and gardens, leads to our 2 story apartment-which-is-really-almost-a-small--house, amidst wild bamboo, creeping vines and sundry vegetation.  Unlike traditional top-down (or bottom-up) urban living environments, our little community of 40 odd residents is more like a village, with neighbors crossing paths in the common courtyard to chat or knocking on each others’ doors for a cup of  sugar…   	Our two-floor apartment feels like a small country house with its private garden, large downstairs room, two bedrooms upstairs and big old bathroom, all in a cobble-stoned community.  Calm, charming, practical, it sleeps 4 or 5. Charming duplex w/garden in Paris ! Imagine summer morning breakfasts or evening cocktails in your very own private garden…in the heart of Paris!! Eat outside under the wisteria on balmy, summer nights.  A haven of peace in the bustle of the city.  As you slip through door on the rue de Bagnolet, you enter a hidden world few people ever see – a cobble stone path in a late 19th century “cite ouvrière” with small houses and gardens, leads to our 2 story apartment-which-is-really-almost-a-small--house, amidst wild bamboo, creeping vines and sundry vegetation.  Unlike traditional top-down (or bottom-up) urban living environments, our little community of 40 odd residents is more like a village, with neighbors crossing paths in the common courtyard to chat or knockin
20163	I have a smal but very cosy flat 32m3 in very nice aeria of Paris. (3rd Floor without lift). As you can see on the picture,  entrance with a corridor,  bedroom with confortable double size bed  and plenty of storage space for your clothes. there is also a small bathroom with shower and toilet. you have got livingroom with  a functional  «american» kitchen , a  Led TV, Wifi (High speed wireless internet access). Great natural light throughout apartment . 2 large windows  with view on courtyard and low rise building. Quite calm and luminous. Supermarkets are steps away , groceries open until 2am…   It is also next to beautiful Buttes Chaumont Park with his famous lake and  the  apartment  where Edith Piaf was born…  A great place to stay in Paris with lots going on and lot to do.  Buzzy, modern, progressive, friendly district, next to Ménilmontant street , Canal Saint Martin, Place de la République, le Marais… at  35 minutes walk to center of Paris and Tourists attractions (Notre Dame, C	One bedroom flat  32m2 next to center of city : walking distance to the theaters, bars, restaurants and market. Taxi station, Paris velib, steps aways of the bldg. 3rd Floor without lift. Great natural light throughout apartment.  I have a smal but very cosy flat 32m3 in very nice aeria of Paris. (3rd Floor without lift). As you can see on the picture,  entrance with a corridor,  bedroom with confortable double size bed  and plenty of storage space for your clothes. there is also a small bathroom with shower and toilet. you have got livingroom with  a functional  «american» kitchen , a  Led TV, Wifi (High speed wireless internet access). Great natural light throughout apartment . 2 large windows  with view on courtyard and low rise building. Quite calm and luminous. Supermarkets are steps away , groceries open until 2am…   It is also next to beautiful Buttes Chaumont Park with his famous lake and  the  apartment  where Edith Piaf was born…  A great place to stay in Paris with lots goin
20164	Belle maison ancienne rénovée avec charme. Plusieurs chambres disponibles au 1er étage toutes équipées de double vitrage, parquet, cheminée et grands lits confortables. Salle de bain avec baignoire d'angle et douche. Au 2ème étage grand salon sous les toits, parquet, cuisine ouverte, télévision, grande bibliothèque... Très bel espace, lumineux et chaleureux. Beautiful old house restored with charm. Several rooms available on the first floor, all equiped with double glazed, wooden floor, fireplace and big comfortable beds. Bathroom with corner bath and shower. On the 2nd floor huge living room under the roof, wooden floor, open kitchen, television, bookcase... Beautiful space, warm and luminous.	Plusieurs chambres disponibles dans belle maison individuelle située dans le quartier charmant et animé de Gambetta. Several bedrooms available in beautiful town house located in the charming and busy Gambetta neighborhood. Belle maison ancienne rénovée avec charme. Plusieurs chambres disponibles au 1er étage toutes équipées de double vitrage, parquet, cheminée et grands lits confortables. Salle de bain avec baignoire d'angle et douche. Au 2ème étage grand salon sous les toits, parquet, cuisine ouverte, télévision, grande bibliothèque... Très bel espace, lumineux et chaleureux. Beautiful old house restored with charm. Several rooms available on the first floor, all equiped with double glazed, wooden floor, fireplace and big comfortable beds. Bathroom with corner bath and shower. On the 2nd floor huge living room under the roof, wooden floor, open kitchen, television, bookcase... Beautiful space, warm and luminous. Accès à la cuisine entièrement équipée : four, micro-onde, lave-vaissell
20165	Very bright and pleasant. Although équipé.Deux sunny rooms and large living room. Close to shopping and attractions. Popular area, very lively when there has many socio-cultural activities. next 3 metros	Very bright and pleasant. Although équipé.Deux sunny rooms and large living room. Close to shopping and attractions. Popular area, very lively when there has many socio-cultural activities. next 3 metros metro, 3 place Gambetta metro 2 Menilmontant lignes 61 et 69 de bus metro, 3 place Gambetta metro 2 Menilmontant lignes 61 et 69 de bus
20166	There is a room, a kitchen and a bathroom. In the room : one sofa / bed, a TV In the kitchen : an oven , a microwave, a kettle. a coffee pot, a refrigerator. In the bathroom : WC, washbasin, shower	Appartement very quiet (the flat leads to a courtyard) in a nice district, very close to all facilities (market, restaurants, cinema, banks, baker's shop...). 5 minutes walking from the subway (4 lines), the RER A and the tram (2 lines). There is a room, a kitchen and a bathroom. In the room : one sofa / bed, a TV In the kitchen : an oven , a microwave, a kettle. a coffee pot, a refrigerator. In the bathroom : WC, washbasin, shower
20167	American styled living room with a fully equipped kitchen  (fridge, combination microwave oven , electric hobs , coffee maker, dishes and utensils : all NEW ),  the living room  is equipped with a Sofa Bed,  Bar/Dinning table,  TV,  FREE HIGH SPEED WiFi and  Telephone  with FREE CALLS to many countries ) . A shower room with sink, toilet , washing machine , hair dryer . One bedroom with a Queen-size bed , a Desk and Dresser.  There is a great view of the Eiffel Tower at night!  from the bedroom. New Bed linen and towels are provided APARTMENT WAS RECENTLY COMPLETELY RENOVATED 	One bedroom apartment located on the 8th floor of a building (with 2 elevators and security code ) overlooking on a quiet street ,  you will feel at home and like Parisian . Newly renovated, Very bright, and ideal for a couple or maximum 4 guests. American styled living room with a fully equipped kitchen  (fridge, combination microwave oven , electric hobs , coffee maker, dishes and utensils : all NEW ),  the living room  is equipped with a Sofa Bed,  Bar/Dinning table,  TV,  FREE HIGH SPEED WiFi and  Telephone  with FREE CALLS to many countries ) . A shower room with sink, toilet , washing machine , hair dryer . One bedroom with a Queen-size bed , a Desk and Dresser.  There is a great view of the Eiffel Tower at night!  from the bedroom. New Bed linen and towels are provided APARTMENT WAS RECENTLY COMPLETELY RENOVATED  2 Minutes walk to either Metro Telegraph or Porte des Lilas  on Metro lines 3 and 11. Also close to the Tramway and mant Buses. The person in charge of the apartment wi
20168	Dans ce beau deux pièces de 35m2, vous vous sentirez chez vous ! Au premier étage d'un immeuble donnant sur une petite cour arborée, cet appartement est doté d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une salle de bains (incluant WC), et d'une cuisine  séparée. Idéal pour un couple en séjour à Paris, ou deux personnes. Le salon est équipé de TV (et des centaines de chaines évidemment), lecteur DVD, équipement Hifi (vous pourrez y brancher votre Ipod, lecteur MP3...), un beau canapé pour se reposer des longues journées de marche , qui fait face à une jolie cheminée (non opérationnelle) typique des immeubles du début du 20ème siècle. Une jolie table et des tables basses sont à votre disposition pour tous vos diners / déjeuners / apéro... Vous avez un accès Internet très haut débit illimité et pourrez vous y connectez en wifi. Vous avez également accès au téléphone IP (je vous laisserai la liste des numéros et des appels internationaux autorisés.) La cuisine est toute équipée  : four / micro ondes, gri	Dans ce beau deux pièces de 35m2, vous vous sentirez chez vous ! Au premier étage d'un immeuble donnant sur une petite cour arborée, cet appartement est doté d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une salle de bains (incluant WC), et d'une cuisine  séparée. Idéal pour un couple en séjour à Paris, ou deux personnes. Le salon est équipé de TV (et des centaines de chaines évidemment), lecteur DVD, équipement Hifi (vous pourrez y brancher votre Ipod, lecteur MP3...), un beau canapé pour se reposer des longues journées de marche , qui fait face à une jolie cheminée (non opérationnelle) typique des immeubles du début du 20ème siècle. Une jolie table et des tables basses sont à votre disposition pour tous vos diners / déjeuners / apéro... Vous avez un accès Internet très haut débit illimité et pourrez vous y connectez en wifi. Vous avez également accès au téléphone IP (je vous laisserai la liste des numéros et des appels internationaux autorisés.) La cuisine est toute équipée  : four / micro ondes, gri
20169	"beautyfull new flat design 3 rooms near ""pere lachaise""famous cimetery (jim morrison )(website hidden) and MAMA SHELTER hotel bar restaurant design by starck (website hidden) 5 mn buy steps to ligne 3 subway station GAMBETTA "	"beautyfull new flat design 3 rooms near ""pere lachaise""famous cimetery (jim morrison )(website hidden) and MAMA SHELTER hotel bar restaurant design by starck (website hidden) 5 mn buy steps to ligne 3 subway station GAMBETTA "
20170	Appartement très lumineux, très agréable à vivre ! Grand balcon filant donnant sur le côté plus calme de l'appartement.	Appartement haut de plafond typiquement Parisien en parquet avec balcon filant dans le dynamique vingtième arrondissement ! A 5 minutes à pied de Nation (RER A, ligne 1, 2 et 6) et au pied de stations Vélib et du métro Maraichers (ligne 9). Cuisine séparée, salon avec Internet, télévision, chambre séparée et lave-linge. Le salon est muni d'un canapé lit pouvant accueillir  Appartement très lumineux et traversant, à 20 minutes d Nous accueillons les invités avec serviettes, tout le nécessaire pour les lits et quelques sucreries et boissons dans la cuisine ! Tout est fait pour que vous puissiez déposer vos affaires et partir directement à la découverte de Paris ! Nous donnons les bonnes adresses de Paris, les astuces pour ne pas perdre de temps et aussi les lieux locaux autour de l'appartement à ne pas manquer ! Ligne 1, 2, 6, RER A et tram 3a/3b à moins de 5 minutes à pied
20171	appartement de 22 mètres carrés, agréable et fonctionnel: lit une place plus matelas, cuisine équipée internet. Le logement est situé à 10 minutes à pieds du RER A Nation, Toutes commodités à disposition.	Chaleureux, propre, fonctionnel et accueillant, Proche des stations buzenval et avron, Quartier agréable et toutes commodités ( magasins, marché, bars...) Lit 1 place et un matelas 1 place à disposition. Internet et cuisine équipée. appartement de 22 mètres carrés, agréable et fonctionnel: lit une place plus matelas, cuisine équipée internet. Le logement est situé à 10 minutes à pieds du RER A Nation, Toutes commodités à disposition. Tout l'appartement sera pour vous! Les clés seront à récupérer chez le voisin! Je serai joignable en cas de demande d'informations! De nombreux cafés et restaurants accessibles et sympathiques, une vraie vie de quartier parisienne!  Marché à une minute à pied deux fois par semaine! A 2 minutes des métros Buzenval ( ligne 9) et Avron (ligne 2) à 5 minutes du RER A Nation.
20172	Bel appartement de 25m² situé sur 20ème arrondissement, facilement accessible grâce à la station de tramway T3 située à 50 mètres et les lignes de métro 3 et 9 à moins de dix minutes à pieds. En bas de l'immeuble vous y trouverez une station Véli’b.  Il est situé au troisième étage accessible par un ascenseur. Il est équipé : d'un lit convertible 2 places, Wi-fi gratuit et télévision, Salle d'eau avec baignoire et toilettes, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser, Cuisine toute équipée : cuisinière, frigo, micro-ondes, grill-pain, cafetière Nespresso, ustensiles de cuisine. Draps et serviettes fournis, ainsi que le nécéssaire pour le petit déjeuner. Vous trouverez également une boulangerie et une épicerie à 50 mètres, un marché les mardi et vendredi matin et un petit supermarché à cinq minutes à pieds.	Bel appartement de 25m² situé sur 20ème arrondissement, facilement accessible grâce à la station de tramway T3 située à 50 mètres et les lignes de métro 3 et 9 à moins de dix minutes à pieds. En bas de l'immeuble vous y trouverez une station Véli’b.  Il est situé au troisième étage accessible par un ascenseur. Il est équipé : d'un lit convertible 2 places, Wi-fi gratuit et télévision, Salle d'eau avec baignoire et toilettes, sèche cheveux, fer à repasser, Cuisine toute équipée : cuisinière, frigo, micro-ondes, grill-pain, cafetière Nespresso, ustensiles de cuisine. Draps et serviettes fournis, ainsi que le nécéssaire pour le petit déjeuner. Vous trouverez également une boulangerie et une épicerie à 50 mètres, un marché les mardi et vendredi matin et un petit supermarché à cinq minutes à pieds. Station de tramway à 50mètres, station Marie de Miribel, ligne T3bis. Lignes de métro à moins de 10 min à pieds. Porte de Montreuil ligne 9 Porte de Bagnolet ligne 3
20173	"A cosy  41M2 apartment in Ménilmontant. A central disctrict of Paris.  At the second floor of a very peaceful building. It has 1 bedroom with 1 double bed. The bathroom is small but with a bath tub ! The kitchen is open with a bar in the living room.  A fireplace, a big chesterfield sofa and a real table for dinner with chairs (4 persons) make the living room very comfortable. Kitchen and appliances: electric oven with grill, microwave, freezer, refrigerator, washing machine. Shops  and supermarkets around are open everyday and some of them late at night. Twice a week, on tuesdays and fridays, a big food market offers very cheap goods. Ménilmontant is a very fashionable neighborhood of Paris, where many artists live. It's near the famous Père Lachaise cemetery and the beautiful gardens of the Buttes Chaumont, It's 15 minutes walk from ""the MARAIS"".   Rue Oberkampf, at night, is one of the most lively streets of Paris. Bars, cafés, French brasseries or exotic restaurants... are open lat"	"A cosy  41M2 apartment in Ménilmontant. A central disctrict of Paris.  At the second floor of a very peaceful building. It has 1 bedroom with 1 double bed. The bathroom is small but with a bath tub ! The kitchen is open with a bar in the living room.  A fireplace, a big chesterfield sofa and a real table for dinner with chairs (4 persons) make the living room very comfortable. Kitchen and appliances: electric oven with grill, microwave, freezer, refrigerator, washing machine. Shops  and supermarkets around are open everyday and some of them late at night. Twice a week, on tuesdays and fridays, a big food market offers very cheap goods. Ménilmontant is a very fashionable neighborhood of Paris, where many artists live. It's near the famous Père Lachaise cemetery and the beautiful gardens of the Buttes Chaumont, It's 15 minutes walk from ""the MARAIS"".   Rue Oberkampf, at night, is one of the most lively streets of Paris. Bars, cafés, French brasseries or exotic restaurants... are open lat"
20174		Comprenant une belle pièce à vivre (espace salon canapé-lit + table à manger) avec grande fenêtre et parquet, mon studio est idéal pour un séjour parisien seul ou en couple. Pas un château, mais un lieu charmant adossé à un super quartier de Paris !
20175	sa location avec cours intérieure et jardin. C'est un Paris caché, charmant, surprenant	T2 lumineux au 2èmé étage d'une résidence ancienne avec cour intérieure et jardin, composé d'un séjour avec BZ 2pl, 1 chambre avec mezzanine 2pl et canapé 1pl, cuisine équipée, SDB/ WC séparés, 430Euro/semaine. Prix négociable pour longue durée.  sa location avec cours intérieure et jardin. C'est un Paris caché, charmant, surprenant a tout l'appartement Je ne recherche pas d'échange
20176	This one bedroom converted in a large luxe studio is located in the best area of the 20th, right on gambetta. You have all accommodations close to the apartment, subway, grocery and banks.  You are in the marais 5 min away by subway and very close to the beautiful Pere Lachaise. It s a beautiful and cozy apartment full of light. 	This one bedroom converted in a large luxe studio is located in the best area of the 20th, right on gambetta. You have all accommodations close to the apartment, subway, grocery and banks.  You are in the marais 5 min away by subway and very close to the beautiful Pere Lachaise. It s a beautiful and cozy apartment full of light. 
20177	Charming house at the bottom of a wooded courses, this course has been classified by the picturesque island vile. The center of a popular family neighborhood of the 20th, this house has the advantage of being near the metro Avron and have all the shops nearby. Whose best pastry borough street. You can feel the fragrance of growing in the yard in the morning.  Calm, clear with a fireplace, a terrace and lovely neighbors.	Charming house at the bottom of a wooded courses, this course has been classified by the picturesque island vile. The center of a popular family neighborhood of the 20th, this house has the advantage of being near the metro Avron and have all the shops nearby. Whose best pastry borough street. You can feel the fragrance of growing in the yard in the morning.  Calm, clear with a fireplace, a terrace and lovely neighbors. There is a very nice cat who must give food every day.
20178	3 pièces dont une grande pièce ouverte avec salon et cuisine,  1 suite parentale avec lit double avec une grande baignoire très agréable, 1 chambre d'enfant avec lit bébé et douche/lavabo	Un quartier arty, cosmopolite, à 2 pas du parc de Belleville, des galeries d'art, des cafés... L'appartement de 66m2 se situe fond d'une cour calme d'un immeuble ancien. 3 pièces dont une grande pièce ouverte avec salon et cuisine,  1 suite parentale avec lit double avec une grande baignoire très agréable, 1 chambre d'enfant avec lit bébé et douche/lavabo
20179	beautiful apartment	45 square meter beautiful apartment
20180		Studio avec poutres apparentes de 17m2, très bien agencé sans perte de (website hidden) deuxième étage sur cour, lumineux et calme. Situé à 50 mètres du métro Buzenval ( ligne 9) a 7  min a pied du métro Nation ( ligne 2, 1 , 9 et RER A)
20181	Dans la verdure et au calme. Tout en étant entouré  de toutes les commodités.  Plusieurs stations métro et bus. Nombreux bars, restaurants, et supermarchés.	Dans grand appartement. Je propose un couchage, vrai matelas confortable à Paris 20e pour un petit  séjour. Très calme dans un quartier très sympa, vivant et culturel. Grand choix de cafés-restaurants, commerces, transports métro, bus... Dans la verdure et au calme. Tout en étant entouré  de toutes les commodités.  Plusieurs stations métro et bus. Nombreux bars, restaurants, et supermarchés. SDB  CUISINE : elle est à utiliser avec beaucoup de modération et PAS pour cuisiner des gros plats. Vous avez dans le quartier beaucoup de traiteurs et supermarchés vendant des plats cuisinés de très bonne qualité et à des prix très corrects, sans compter les nombreux restaurants... CHAMBRE NON FUMEUR vous avez une terrasse où vous serez plus à l'aise... Au feeling...Ah si !! important ! soyez autonomes et indépendants,  c'est beaucoup plus cool. Un village jardin dans Paris. Beaucoup de visites ludiques tout en étant à côté des commerces,  métro, bus, salles de concert, théâtre, et de nombreux caf
20182	Our apartment has charm, light, unbelievable views over Paris, in a trendy and authentic neighborhood. It's at the sixth and top floor of a hundred-year-old building (with elevator) and is very quiet. There are wooden floors and a lot of atmosphere. With three rooms and a sleeping alcove, it's perfect for a couple or a family with one or two children. There's a comfortable and functional eat-in kitchen with everything you need to cook the outstanding ingredients that you'll purchase in the neighborhood shops and markets. The bathroom has a bathtub. There is free high-speed internet access, and even free telephone calls to most of the world. Our neighborhood, near the top of Père Lachaise and place Gambetta, is a perfect base for exploring Paris. It's calm and leafy (our street is lined with old linden trees), with a village-like atmosphere, but also has an interesting collection of original cafés (great sidewalk terraces for the summer), shops, galleries and concert venues. There are m	You'll see all of Paris from the windows of our comfortable and charming apartment. Great neighborhood, lots of parks and shops, and you'll be in the center of Paris in 20 minutes by metro. Our apartment has charm, light, unbelievable views over Paris, in a trendy and authentic neighborhood. It's at the sixth and top floor of a hundred-year-old building (with elevator) and is very quiet. There are wooden floors and a lot of atmosphere. With three rooms and a sleeping alcove, it's perfect for a couple or a family with one or two children. There's a comfortable and functional eat-in kitchen with everything you need to cook the outstanding ingredients that you'll purchase in the neighborhood shops and markets. The bathroom has a bathtub. There is free high-speed internet access, and even free telephone calls to most of the world. Our neighborhood, near the top of Père Lachaise and place Gambetta, is a perfect base for exploring Paris. It's calm and leafy (our street is lined with old lind
20183	Notre appartement avec son grand salon, sa cusine toute équipée, sa chambre indépendante et sa salle de bain munie d'une baignoire vous permettra de passer un agréable moment au cœur de Paris. Les baies vitrées donnent sur un jardin bien entretenu et la résidence est très calme.	Bonjour, Nous vous laissons le temps d'un week end, notre appartement idéalement situé dans Paris et décoré pour passer le plus agréable des moments. A 100m du métro, dans une rue calme avec le marché à proximité. Notre appartement avec son grand salon, sa cusine toute équipée, sa chambre indépendante et sa salle de bain munie d'une baignoire vous permettra de passer un agréable moment au cœur de Paris. Les baies vitrées donnent sur un jardin bien entretenu et la résidence est très calme. Vous aurez accès à tout ce qui se trouve chez nous, à savoir des produits de base que ce soit dans la cuisine ou la salle de bain. Nous fournissons les draps mais pas les serviettes de bain. Vous laissant l'appartement en entier, nous aurons sans doute peu l'occasion de passer du temps ensemble. Mais viendrons en personne pour vous donner les clés et les récupérer. La rue est calme mais le quartier est extrêmement vivant, à deux pas de la place où se tient le marché, à 5min à pied de la rue Oberkampf 
20184	Very nice, sunny, with large terrace and electric barbecue	We rent our apartment in Paris.  There is a 35m2 studio with a sunny terrace of 10m2.  Everything is present in the apartment so that you have just put your bags. Very nice, sunny, with large terrace and electric barbecue Accommodation near Gambetta, very lively, many bars and restaurants, close to all amenities, open up market hub 22H. Gambetta station 10min walk (line 3 and 3a)  Pelleport station 5min walk (line 3a)  Menilmontant station 15min walk (line 2)  Pyrenees station 10min walk (line 11)
20185	Beautiful, one-of-a-kind loft apartment in the vibrant east Paris neighbourhood of Ménilmontant, equipped with everything you need for the perfect stay. My home is tucked down a quiet alley just off a bustling street, which means a peaceful night's sleep but also shops, bakeries, bars and restaurants just downstairs. Filled with character, it has a cosy mezzanine bed, ancient wood beams and antique floor tiles, high ceilings and lots and lots of light. The kitchen is fully stocked with everything you need to make delicious meals -- and if you don't fancy cooking, try one of the many fantastic restaurants in this wonderful neighbourhood. And why not head to one of the great local bars afterwards? I absolutely love living here, and hope it will be a wonderful home-from-home for a few days while you explore this beautiful city!  Please note: my apartment is on the fifth floor of an old Paris building which, like most buildings of the period, has no elevator. It's very peaceful up here and	Quirky and beautiful apartment in a fantastic neighbourhood, equipped with everything you need for the perfect stay. Rustic beams, high ceilings, lots of light, fully stocked kitchen, cosy mezzanine bed. Great bars and restaurants minutes away! Beautiful, one-of-a-kind loft apartment in the vibrant east Paris neighbourhood of Ménilmontant, equipped with everything you need for the perfect stay. My home is tucked down a quiet alley just off a bustling street, which means a peaceful night's sleep but also shops, bakeries, bars and restaurants just downstairs. Filled with character, it has a cosy mezzanine bed, ancient wood beams and antique floor tiles, high ceilings and lots and lots of light. The kitchen is fully stocked with everything you need to make delicious meals -- and if you don't fancy cooking, try one of the many fantastic restaurants in this wonderful neighbourhood. And why not head to one of the great local bars afterwards? I absolutely love living here, and hope it will be
20186	Studio spacieux (30m2) et lumineux avec un grand balcon et des baies vitrées pour admirer les magnifiques plantes, niché depuis le lit. Studio très agréable où il fait bon vivre avec une décoration moderne et chaleureuse.   Situé place Édith Piaf le studio est très bien relié aux plus beaux quartiers de Paris : Père Lachaise (5min), Opéra (15min), République (10) et à proximité du quartier touristique de Ménilmontant. Au 3ème étage d’un immeuble calme et sécurisé, proche de toutes commodités. 	Studio spacieux (30m2) et lumineux avec un grand balcon et des baies vitrées pour admirer les magnifiques plantes, niché depuis le lit. Studio très agréable où il fait bon vivre avec une décoration moderne et chaleureuse.   Situé place Édith Piaf le studio est très bien relié aux plus beaux quartiers de Paris : Père Lachaise (5min), Opéra (15min), République (10) et à proximité du quartier touristique de Ménilmontant. Au 3ème étage d’un immeuble calme et sécurisé, proche de toutes commodités. Vous aurez accès au lit, aux rangements situés dans l’entrée, la cuisine, ses équipements et sa vaisselle, la salle de bain, la télévision et les enceintes en Bluetooth.  L'armoire en bois de la pièce principale sera fermée avec mes vêtements dedans. Le linge de maison ainsi que des serviettes de bain seront mis à disposition dans les placards de la salle de bain.  Vous pourrez passer gratuitement vos appels vers l'étranger depuis la ligne téléphonique fixe. Je vous accueillerai et vous expliquera
20187	Appartement très lumineux, un séjour avec un canapé convertible, une chambre et une grande cuisine	Appartement très lumineux, un séjour avec un canapé convertible, une chambre et une grande cuisine avec plaisir ! Quartier très agréable ou il fait bon se balader à la decouverte de passage ouvrier, du père lachaise, de remonter jusqu'au parc des buttes chaumont ... Quartier animé, de nombreux restaurant de qualité, si vous le souhaitez je vous ferez mon top5 à proximité des lignes 2 et 9, proche de la Nation.
20188	A little flat with 2 rooms, a small kitchen and a shower room.  Old wooden floor. The flat was renovated last year. It's equipped with a bed (2 persons) in the room and a sofa bed in the	28 m2 flat, all confort, renovate.  Between   Gambetta square and Ménilmontant district at the Est of Paris. Little quiet street. 4éme without lift. Old parquet. Equipped Kitchen.  Near the Père Lachaise cemetery ! A little flat with 2 rooms, a small kitchen and a shower room.  Old wooden floor. The flat was renovated last year. It's equipped with a bed (2 persons) in the room and a sofa bed in the At the est of Paris. Subway Gambetta on the 3 line. Near the Père Lachaise cemetery and Menilmontant quarter. There is a lot of good shops of food, great restaurants and pubs... I speak english and french. by mail or by phone.
20189		Grande chambre ensoleillée avenue Gambetta. Parquet, cheminé et grande fenêtre ; dans 4 pièces haussmannien au sixième étage avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée/salle à manger + Salle de bain/baignoire + WC séparés Supermarché + metro à proximité
20190	"Confortable appartement, au troisième étage d'une rue très calme, très peu de voiture (riverains), à 3 mn à pied du métro Alexandre Dumas, , 2 pièces (39 m2) clair et fonctionnel, propre et confortable dans un quartier animé d'un Paris authentique du 20ème arrondissement. La cuisine (petite), fonctionnelle, est équipée de plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave linge, four micro onde. Dans la chambre, 1 grand lit 180/200, rangements,+ un lit ""pliant"" pour deux personnes (pour mettre dans le salon) La salle de bain (petite),avec toilette, baignoire sabot.  Internet wifi, TV Vous êtes à 3 minutes à pied (par la rue de la réunion) du célèbre ""Cimetière du Père Lachaise"", Jim Morrison, Oscar Wild, Edith Piaf.... Un beau marché parisien se tient au metro Alexandre Dumas, bvd Charonne les Mercredi et les Samedi; un autre, place de la Réunion à 3 mn à pied, les Jeudi et Dimanche matin. A PIED Vous êtes à: 1 minute (angle de la rue) Lavomatic ""séchoirs"". 3 minutes de la célèbre """	"Confortable appartement, au troisième étage d'une rue très calme, très peu de voiture (riverains), à 3 mn à pied du métro Alexandre Dumas, , 2 pièces (39 m2) clair et fonctionnel, propre et confortable dans un quartier animé d'un Paris authentique du 20ème arrondissement. La cuisine (petite), fonctionnelle, est équipée de plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave linge, four micro onde. Dans la chambre, 1 grand lit 180/200, rangements,+ un lit ""pliant"" pour deux personnes (pour mettre dans le salon) La salle de bain (petite),avec toilette, baignoire sabot.  Internet wifi, TV Vous êtes à 3 minutes à pied (par la rue de la réunion) du célèbre ""Cimetière du Père Lachaise"", Jim Morrison, Oscar Wild, Edith Piaf.... Un beau marché parisien se tient au metro Alexandre Dumas, bvd Charonne les Mercredi et les Samedi; un autre, place de la Réunion à 3 mn à pied, les Jeudi et Dimanche matin. A PIED Vous êtes à: 1 minute (angle de la rue) Lavomatic ""séchoirs"". 3 minutes de la célèbre """
20191		deux pièces de 25m² sur le haut Belleville, au cœur d'un quartier animé, offrant une vue imprenable sur Paris, métro au bas de l'immeuble (Pyrénées), Châtelet à 15min, tous commerces et bar conviviaux. profitez de l'est parisien !
20192	2 chambres disponibles dans appartement 4 pièces. L'une avec un lit double, la seconde avec un lit simple (1 personne). Accès à la cuisine, sanitaires et salon. 	Chambre dans appartement sympathique à Paris. Tout confort. Proche Métros Porte de Vincennes - Porte de Montreuil - et tramways. Proche du Bois de Vincennes et de la Nation.  2 chambres disponibles dans appartement 4 pièces. L'une avec un lit double, la seconde avec un lit simple (1 personne). Accès à la cuisine, sanitaires et salon.  Proche Métros Porte de Vincennes, Porte de Montreuil, 10 minutes à pied de Nation, du Bois de Vincennes. Tramway à 2 minutes. 
20193	Après les 6 étages à monter, vous trouverez là-haut un espace reposant avec une superbe vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Vous y passerez de superbes soirées entre amis ou amoureux.	Etant absente durant ces vacances, je loue ma chambre à toute personne désireuse de loger à Paris. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement hormis la chambre de ma colocataire - que vous rencontrerez parfois. Après les 6 étages à monter, vous trouverez là-haut un espace reposant avec une superbe vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Vous y passerez de superbes soirées entre amis ou amoureux. Vous aurez accès à toutes les parties de l'appartement hormis la chambre de ma colocataire. Vous pourrez me solliciter par téléphone si besoin. Le quartier est très chouette, avec le Père Lachaise et les Buttes chaumont juste à côté. Pas mal de commerces et bar très sympathiques. Magasins bio A côté des lignes 2 et 3 - Metros Ménilmontant et Gambetta Ligne de bus : 26, 96 et 60. La chambre est non fumeur
20194	This 55sqm appartement is particularly bright, quiet and spacious. You will appreciate its fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, dishwasher, fridge) and its balcony. 	Looking for a peaceful and comfortable place to stay in Paris, close to all major historic neighbourhoods? Our delightful 3 room apartment, fully equipped, should definitely fit your expectations This 55sqm appartement is particularly bright, quiet and spacious. You will appreciate its fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, dishwasher, fridge) and its balcony.  As our guest you have access to:  - Internet - AirPlay soundsystem - Bathroom and washing machine - All kitchen equipments  I will welcome you at your arrival and facilitate your integration in parisian life All amenities are close to hand. The neighborhood is particularly lively, especially the weekend.  Subway is a 3 minutes away from home, and gives a quick access to all major parisian neighbourhoods.  Towels and Sheets included
20195	"Welcome to my Apartment in the center of Paris, an ideal and cozy place to discover the city. The metro station ""Philippe Auguste"" / line 2, is just down the apartment, from there you can easily reach Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur even the Champs Elysées. Père Lachaise cemetery: 5 minutes walk Bastille and the Marais: 15/20 minutes walk Charles de Gaulle Airport: is only 45 minutes Orly Airport: about 60 minutes Guests will have the whole place for themselves. It is located on the 2nd Floor no elevator. The apartment itself is very bright and airy with a spacious bedroom with a double bed (140 x 200). The kitchen is equipped with fridge & vitro-ceramic stove. All bed linen is provided as well as towels.  Many restaurants all around, some fancy places as the Philip Starck hotel and Restaurant Mama Shelter. The live concerts place called La Fleche d'or or la maroquinerie. The neighbourhood is safe with food shops, markets just a few minutes away. Check in and check out times can be flexibl"	Bonjour ! This apartment is a good place to come and visit Paris !  At the foot of the splendid cemetery called Père Lachaise, 10  from rue Oberkampf et du célèbre quartier de Ménilmontant. Also République is not far !
20196	Studio situé dans une rue calme, proche de la place de la réunion et du métro Buzenval. Quartier qui commence à se faire connaître pour ses endroits insolites et décalés de la capitale. 	"Caché en plein Paris, à deux pas de la rue d'Avron, un environnement calme et (email hidden)lcon donnant sur rue piétonne pleine de verdure.  - De très bon bars a 2 pas.  - 10 min à pieds de Nation. - Petit marché fruitier le dimanche Studio situé dans une rue calme, proche de la place de la réunion et du métro Buzenval. Quartier qui commence à se faire connaître pour ses endroits insolites et décalés de la capitale. Le studio est loué dans sa totalité : les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine, au balcon, à la salle de bain,... Je ferai en sorte que les voyageurs se sentent comme chez eux. Et je suis très joignable pour mes ""guests"". Le quartier est typiquement parisien : le marché le dimanche est à quelques minutes de l'appartement, de bons bars sont également à proximité. Le quartier est parfois méconnu des touristes, mais à tord ! Le logement est à 5 minutes à pieds de la ligne 9 (métro Buzenval), 7 minutes à pieds d'Avron (ligne 2), 10 minutes de nation (nombreuses lignes de métro et "
20197	We will be pleased to welcome you in our nice flat. It's pretty spacious and you will enjoy the larger room with an access to balcony. We will share the flat with you and help you make your trip the best one you never had. Decoration is colorful and fun with white walls and wood floor.  The kitchen is big with full equipment; fridge, dishwasher, induction hobs, kettle etc... There is a direct access to the balcony if you want to enjoy your coffee outside. Of course, we love to cook and share diner and vine! Bathroom is clean and comfortable. Shower and bathtub. Your are welcome to use the washing machine. 	We will be pleased to welcome you in our comfortable flat, 5 minutes from Père Lachaise. We offer a large private room with access to the balcony. 
20198	5th floor: very sunny. No buildings directly opposite. Two bedrooms with double beds; and a living room with one bed and one sofa bed, each bed is double capacity.	Lovely parisian flat, on the heights of Menilmontant, bright and airy. Two spacious bedrooms, a nice livingroom and a fully equipped kitchen. The building is located right across from the street where Edith Piaf was born, under a streetlamp 5th floor: very sunny. No buildings directly opposite. Two bedrooms with double beds; and a living room with one bed and one sofa bed, each bed is double capacity. great neighborhood with plenty of cafés and food stores 3 lines of metro at a few minutes walk; two lines of buses at the foot of the building. City bikes.
20199	"Atypic flat (36 sqm) with a ""capsule"" open bedroom and a large living room."	"Atypic flat (36 sqm) with : - with a ""capsule"" open bedroom for 2 persons (where I sleep) - 1 living room with a basic convertible - 1 open kitchen - 1 bathroom + WC Please give your check-in / check-out time so I can arrange my schedule to welcome you :-) Mi casa es su casa : you can use everything in the apartment (bath towels, toiletries, food,…). No Wifi provided. I can provide you all my favorite addresses in Paris : restaurants, bars or activities,... I can provide you all my favorite addresses in Paris : restaurants, bars or activities,... The neighborhood seems like a village, calm and warmy. You can be in the center (Le Marais, Opera,…) in less than 25 minutes. Tram 3b - Séverine (2 mn from the flat) Metro 3 - Porte de Bagnolet (8 mn from the flat). Bus 96 - Saint Fargeau (5 mn from the flat ; you can go to Le Marais, Saint Michel, Montparnasse,...) For Eurolines - Gallieni Station : you can walk 15 mn"
20200	great view of the Eiffel Tower from the living room sunny flat, big windows	Sunny and Cosy Appartment in a nice district 5 min walking to the metro, direct to the center of Paris (chatelet) charming separate bedroom for 2,living room with sofa bed for 2,kitchen fully equipped,bathroom towels, linen, wifi! great view of the Eiffel Tower from the living room sunny flat, big windows many bars, restaurant, music places around 5 minutes walking to the metro station (15min to center of Paris Chatelet)
20201	Ideally located in Oberkampf/Ménilmontant between the Marais and Belleville, you are a few minutes walk from the Père Lachaise cemetery, the Place de la République and Bastille. You can find all necessary grocery, shop, a swimming pool and fitness center just down the building.  Just round the corner you can find a lot of places to go out, like bars, concerts, nice restaurants and even a roof top and ping pong bar.  The apartment is 50 m from metro line n°2 which will bring you to Montmartre and Moulin Rouge, and 5 min walk from line n° 3 which will bring you in the center of Paris to the Marais  and the Opera. You also a have a big bicycle station in front of the house. The flat has been entirely renovated 6 months ago. It has one separated room with comfortable 160X200 bed. You also benefit from a large living room with sleeping couch if you want to come with additional people. Despite a very living neighborhood, the place is very quiet as it is located on the 5th floor of a building	Newly renovated 45 sq flat in a typical former handicraft neighborhood, the area is nowadays an artistic village-like place surrounded by cafés, bars and restaurants. 15 min from Montmartre, Opéra, Ile de la Cité and the Marais.  
20202	Trés calme et proche de nombreuses commodités (services et commerces, Metro/RER Ligne 1 -2 -6 - 9 - A - C) 	Trés calme et proche de nombreuses commodités (services et commerces, Metro/RER Ligne 1 -2 -6 - 9 - A - C)  À l'appartement complet. Suffisamment pour tout organisé et le logement sera totalement libre. C'est un quartier vivant et calme, très bien desservie À pieds, Bus, Metros et RER
20203	The apartment is located in a lively, famous and safe area in Paris: Porte des Lilas. It's on the 2nd floor. It's 20 m2, clean and bright ! It's  furnished with new equipments  ( tv, bed...). Lots of supermarkets, restaurants, fastfood in the area :) You have a Mc Donald at the bottom of the building. Do not hesitate to ask me questions if you need! 	This apart located in the center of Paris in a lively and famous area was redone entirely ! The buiding has 2 codes so it's safe. The area is also safe. Lots of supermarkets and restaurants in the safe area (mc donald at the bottom of the building...) The subways are located at the bottom of the building  and the tramway is at 1 minute of the appart. You can go ahead & book ! :) The apartment is located in a lively, famous and safe area in Paris: Porte des Lilas. It's on the 2nd floor. It's 20 m2, clean and bright ! It's  furnished with new equipments  ( tv, bed...). Lots of supermarkets, restaurants, fastfood in the area :) You have a Mc Donald at the bottom of the building. Do not hesitate to ask me questions if you need! You have access at everything in the apart : Internet,  hot water, electricity ... The price in the site include these services. You can call me, write me a message or e-mail me. I'm always available for any information ! The neighboors of the building are quiet and
20204	Appartement de 22m² situé dans une rue très calme du 20ème arrondissement juste à côté de la place Gambetta (5 mn à pied) et du cimetière du Père Lachaise (8mn). Le studio se trouve au troisième étage d'un immeuble récent et sécurisé. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il dispose des commodités principales: cuisine, salle de bain, accès à internet haut débit illimité. Cet appartement dispose aussi d'un beau balcon de 7m² sur lequel les petits déjeuners ensoleillés, comme les soirées entre amis y sont très agréables. Vous pourrez également disposez de draps, couvertures, oreillers et serviettes de toilette. La cuisine est équipée: d'un réfrigérateur, de deux plaques électriques avec tout l'attirail d'ustensile de cuisine, d'un four, d'une cafetière nespresso ainsi que d'une bouilloire. La salle de bain est elle équipée d'un lavabo, d'une petite baignoire et de toilettes.Vous séjournerez dans un quartiers très agréable de Paris connu pour sa douceur de vivre et son caractère intemporel. 	Appartement de 22m² situé dans une rue très calme du 20ème arrondissement juste à côté de la place Gambetta (5 mn à pied) et du cimetière du Père Lachaise (8mn). Le studio se trouve au troisième étage d'un immeuble récent et sécurisé. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Il dispose des commodités principales: cuisine, salle de bain, accès à internet haut débit illimité. Cet appartement dispose aussi d'un beau balcon de 7m² sur lequel les petits déjeuners ensoleillés, comme les soirées entre amis y sont très agréables. Vous pourrez également disposez de draps, couvertures, oreillers et serviettes de toilette. La cuisine est équipée: d'un réfrigérateur, de deux plaques électriques avec tout l'attirail d'ustensile de cuisine, d'un four, d'une cafetière nespresso ainsi que d'une bouilloire. La salle de bain est elle équipée d'un lavabo, d'une petite baignoire et de toilettes.Vous séjournerez dans un quartiers très agréable de Paris connu pour sa douceur de vivre et son caractère intemporel. Vou
20205	Le studio est une grande pièce avec un plafond haut. Il est isolé dans une grande cour intérieure, fleuri. Il n'y a aucun bruit de ville. Le salon est séparé de la cuisine par un bar et la salle d'eau est en contre-haut tout au fond de la pièce.	Bienvenue à Télégraphe dans le 20ème. Mon studio de 28m² se trouve en Rez de Jardin, dans une grande cour intérieure. Vous bénéficierez d'un petit espace partagé en extérieure avec tables et chaises. Aucun bruit de ville, on se sent loin de Paris! Le studio est une grande pièce avec un plafond haut. Il est isolé dans une grande cour intérieure, fleuri. Il n'y a aucun bruit de ville. Le salon est séparé de la cuisine par un bar et la salle d'eau est en contre-haut tout au fond de la pièce. Vous bénéficiez de toutes les commodités dont un bureau, un bar avec deux chaises, un canapé lit très confortable, un accès wifi Orange fibre optique, le cable Orange avec 150 chaînes. Le lavomatic est a 150 mètres, tout comme les principaux commerces (Supermarché, épicerie tardive, boulanger, boucher, marché du quartier le mercredi et le samedi) Télégraphe est le point culminant de Paris (Avec le sacré coeur de Montmartre à 128m d'altitude). C'est un quartier paisible, loin du carcan parisien. Le voi
20206	Bienvenue dans cette maison-loft en duplex, lumineuse située entre deux jardin jardins et totalement isolée des bruits de la rue ! Ce loft est en effet une maison moderne, tranquillement installée au fond d'un passage privé. L'appartement possède une façade entièrement vitrée : toutes les pièces de vie donnent directement sur le jardin commun. Vous pourrez d'ailleurs profiter toute l'année de ce jardin, où des tables et des chaises ainsi qu'un barbecue vous attendent pour les beaux jours. Bain de soleil, pique-nique et barbecue à volonté ! Au rez-de-chaussée, vous trouverez une grande pièce à vivre conviviale avec cuisine ouverte et une table pour les repas. La salle d'eau avec douche, et la buanderie sont également au rez-de-chaussée. En montant l'escalier en bois, vous accédez à une très grande pièce, qui sera votre salon le jour et votre chambre la nuit. 	Maison-loft de 80 m2 sur jardin, lumineuse, calme, atypique. Jardin à disposition pour bain de soleil, pique-nique et barbecue. Découvrez le Paris d'Edith Piaf et son ambiance culturelle d'aujourd'hui. Plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus à proximité. Bienvenue dans cette maison-loft en duplex, lumineuse située entre deux jardin jardins et totalement isolée des bruits de la rue ! Ce loft est en effet une maison moderne, tranquillement installée au fond d'un passage privé. L'appartement possède une façade entièrement vitrée : toutes les pièces de vie donnent directement sur le jardin commun. Vous pourrez d'ailleurs profiter toute l'année de ce jardin, où des tables et des chaises ainsi qu'un barbecue vous attendent pour les beaux jours. Bain de soleil, pique-nique et barbecue à volonté ! Au rez-de-chaussée, vous trouverez une grande pièce à vivre conviviale avec cuisine ouverte et une table pour les repas. La salle d'eau avec douche, et la buanderie sont également au rez-de-chaussée. En 
20207	It's a pretty and quite calm appartment (no street noise!) for 2 people. Ideal for couples like us. You'll acess to one cute bedroom with a double bed, one large living-room with a large sofa and an open-plan kitchen, with all you need in it to make delicious recipes (yeah, sometimes we just don't want to go to the restaurant...!), and one small bathroom. We've just renovate the place some months ago, so it's very clean and all is quite new. By the way, we live with a sweet cat named Lola (don't worry, she won't be there when you do!), but clearly, our flat isn't the right place if you are allergic to cat fur, even if we do our best to clean our flat everyday.	Hi everyone! This is our lovely and very well located 2 pieces flat near to Pere Lachaise cemetery (5 minutes walk) and to La Fleche d'Or, a nice and very famous concert hall. No doubt you'll enjoy your stay, so don't wait: ask us for book it now! It's a pretty and quite calm appartment (no street noise!) for 2 people. Ideal for couples like us. You'll acess to one cute bedroom with a double bed, one large living-room with a large sofa and an open-plan kitchen, with all you need in it to make delicious recipes (yeah, sometimes we just don't want to go to the restaurant...!), and one small bathroom. We've just renovate the place some months ago, so it's very clean and all is quite new. By the way, we live with a sweet cat named Lola (don't worry, she won't be there when you do!), but clearly, our flat isn't the right place if you are allergic to cat fur, even if we do our best to clean our flat everyday. It's a cute and quite calm appartment (no street noise!) for 2 people. Ideal for co
20208	Mon canapé scandinave peut se convertir en lit. Nous dormons très bien. 	"Vous aimez les années 50, le vintage, les  petites choses chiner à droite à gauche vous vous sentirez bien chez moi. je suis tapissier donc tout l'ameublement a été restauré et tapissé par moi. Mon canapé scandinave peut se convertir en lit. Nous dormons très bien Je serais là pour vous donner les clefs et tout les renseignements besoin. Je vous donnerais une carte de métro ainsi que toutes les bonnes adresses que vous désirez. Envie de faire une expo :  je vous ferais la liste des expositions du moment. Envie d'un restaurant italien mamamia !!!!!! direction Gambetta pour aller voir la famille sicilienne ect... Le quartier  Saint-Blaise est un quartier dynamique, cosmopolite et culturellement riche. Loin du bruit vous vous trouverez en  un instant  ""paris à la campagne"" Vous aimez chiner,  troquer, négocier vite passer le périphérique et vous serez aux puces de Montreuil. Incroyable endroit  !!! on vous vend tout ce que vous voulez  !!! Vous y trouverez différents lieux Parisien incont"
20209	Elle est assez petite (11m2), meublée avec un lit une place et demi, un bureau, une armoire, des étagères. Pour une personne, ou alors un couple, mais seulement si vous assumez la surface et la taille du lit.	En haut de la colline de Belleville, près du métro Télégraphe (20e arrondissement), dans notre petite maison à trois chambres, deux chambres seront libres cet été et cherchent un occupant. Celle-ci est la plus petite des deux. Elle est assez petite (11m2), meublée avec un lit une place et demi, un bureau, une armoire, des étagères. Pour une personne, ou alors un couple, mais seulement si vous assumez la surface et la taille du lit. Vous avez bien sûr accès à toute la coloc' : maison sur trois niveaux, avec une salle de bains colorée partagée, une cuisine/pièce commune au rez-de-chaussée de 20m2 avec un lave-vaisselle, et petit jardin avec pas mal de plantes, un figuier, des fleurs, une drôle de citrouille qui essaye de pousser, une table et quatre chaises pour manger dehors. Vous pourrez aussi faire la connaissance de Maira, doctorante en sociologie, brésilienne, et qui reste là tout l'été. Si vous arrivez avant le 8 août ou restez après le 6 septembre, vous connaîtrez aussi Pierre, qu
20210	Living room, bedroom  kitchen and bathroom. All the comfort. 1st floor. View on a nice parc. No noise. Nice neighbors. 	Experience and discover authentic Paris in an authentic neighborhood, nice restaurants, cafés and tipical parisian market in a pretty square. Live a few days like a Parisian in a pretty apartment comfortable and romantic. Living room, bedroom  kitchen and bathroom. All the comfort. 1st floor. View on a nice parc. No noise. Nice neighbors. Acees by métro line 2, and bus 76. 15minutes walk from Nation where you'll have many other metro and RER lines. Direct connection to gare du Nord so east to get to the airports. Around the corner from the Père Lachaise the apartment is located in a very dynamic and typically parisian neighborhood. Easy living around here! Many restaurants and cafés and everything you need in 5 minutes walking. Wednesday and Sunday the fabulous market at Place de la Reunion. An authentic parisian experience. Accès par le Metro ligne 2. Pas mal de places de parking dans le quartier. Transports Metro ligne 2 directe pour Nation (2 stations des lignes 1-6-9-RER A)  ou Gar
20211	The flat is a pretty 2 rooms of 30m2, in the animated street of Menilmontant.  I live in this flat full-time. You won't be surprised to find my stuff in.  It is in a small building behind the street, so very quiet.   It has a cosy atmosphere . There is a twin new bed and a comfortable twin sofa bed (I prefer to use it for a child or one person, that's why I'm agree for only three people), a small table, one desk, a big TV that I have not connected. You can watch movies only by my HDMI.  The kitchen is equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a washing and drying machine.  It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to Menilmontant. It is close to some well known lively areas such as Belleville and Pere Lachaise. It is also very close to the subway station Gambetta, line 3, which crosses Paris from east to west, and leads you to the main touristic places as Republique, Châtelet, Le marais, Opéra... You can also take the line 11 to Chatelet or 	Cosy and convenient two rooms flat in a popular and nice quarter of Paris.  The flat is a pretty 2 rooms of 30m2, in the animated street of Menilmontant.  I live in this flat full-time. You won't be surprised to find my stuff in.  It is in a small building behind the street, so very quiet.   It has a cosy atmosphere . There is a twin new bed and a comfortable twin sofa bed (I prefer to use it for a child or one person, that's why I'm agree for only three people), a small table, one desk, a big TV that I have not connected. You can watch movies only by my HDMI.  The kitchen is equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a washing and drying machine.  It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to Menilmontant. It is close to some well known lively areas such as Belleville and Pere Lachaise. It is also very close to the subway station Gambetta, line 3, which crosses Paris from east to west, and leads you to the main touristic places as Republique,
20212	"20 meters square studio m .5 th floor without elevator. Very clear and quiet in a safe neighborhood .Loads of restaurants /bars .Excellent and cheap bakery down in the same building ; fruitmonger across etc . cheese wine etc ..Enjoy the real Parisian life. Living room about 13 m square ; separate kitchen and bathroom . Mezzanine (2 persons ) and pull out bed for 2 persons  (that should be folded every morning to make everyone feel comfortable ). WI-FI (Free_Box) international channels. Laundry acroos the road.  Metro station down the buiding (6 metres ) Porte de Bagnolet  Station line 3 direct to Opéra . Père Lachaise :5 mn walk . Close to the Flea market : Pte de Montreuil . Next to  : Ménilmontant  ; Parc Buttes Chaumont and Vincennes . Enjoy the typical french food of the ""Rue des Pynénées "":honey;bread/cheese/fish/foie gras  don't stick to touristic places ! Come and have a wonderful experience of real trendy friendly Parisian life . Direct bus from Charles De Gaulle airport (5 mn "	"20 meters square studio m .5 th floor without elevator. Very clear and quiet in a safe neighborhood .Loads of restaurants /bars .Excellent and cheap bakery down in the same building ; fruitmonger across etc . cheese wine etc ..Enjoy the real Parisian life. Living room about 13 m square ; separate kitchen and bathroom . Mezzanine (2 persons ) and pull out bed for 2 persons  (that should be folded every morning to make everyone feel comfortable ). WI-FI (Free_Box) international channels. Laundry acroos the road.  Metro station down the buiding (6 metres ) Porte de Bagnolet  Station line 3 direct to Opéra . Père Lachaise :5 mn walk . Close to the Flea market : Pte de Montreuil . Next to  : Ménilmontant  ; Parc Buttes Chaumont and Vincennes . Enjoy the typical french food of the ""Rue des Pynénées "":honey;bread/cheese/fish/foie gras  don't stick to touristic places ! Come and have a wonderful experience of real trendy friendly Parisian life . Direct bus from Charles De Gaulle airport (5 mn "
20213	Extralightness room, double bed, superconfortable bed. In shared flat. All comodities. Permission to use the kitchen. Bathroom with bath! All transports 10 minutes from city center. 	Appartement de 3 pièces. À partager la salle de bains avec beignoire, toilette et cuisine.  La cuisine est la zone commune pour manger.  On est à côté du métro et du tram à 10 minutes du plein centre. Extralightness room, double bed, superconfortable bed. In shared flat. All comodities. Permission to use the kitchen. Bathroom with bath! All transports 10 minutes from city center. English, español, portugues 
20214	Nice room with a private bathroom in a big shared flat. We're on the 6th floor, the appartment is very bright. there is no noise because the rooms are on a side with no cars. The room has its own bath room (with shower) The living room is bright and large. The area is lively, there all the shops you need around. We have another room to rent in this flat so you can be 4 people. 	Nice room with private bathroom in a flat sharing (3 rooms in total). Large, calm and light flat (last floor). Nice room with a private bathroom in a big shared flat. We're on the 6th floor, the appartment is very bright. there is no noise because the rooms are on a side with no cars. The room has its own bath room (with shower) The living room is bright and large. The area is lively, there all the shops you need around. We have another room to rent in this flat so you can be 4 people. 
20215	Calme et charmant 2 pièces de 30 m2 situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien donnant sur un ravissant jardin (mis à disposition) .Digicode et interphone. Emplacement: Moins d'une minute du métro (ligne 11), station de bus (60) face à l'immeuble. - 5 minutes à pied du village Jourdain (restaurants, bar, magasins de bouches etc), de la Campagne à Paris et du tramway Porte des Lilas. - 10 minutes à pied de la Place Gambetta (magasins et cinéma) et du Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Marché au métro télégraphe (mercredi et samedi) et Place des Fêtes (mardi, vendredi et dimanche). 15 minutes en métro du quartier du Marais, Hôtel de Ville. 20 minutes de Châtelet. Composition: Un séjour (lumineux et sur jardin) avec cuisine américaine, canapé-lit (140X190) Une chambre (lumineuse et sur jardin) avec literie futon neuve (140X200) Une salle bain avec (website hidden) écran plat, Wifi, machine à café Nespresso, micro-onde, cuisinière/four, machine à laver, frigo/congélateur, blender,bouilloire, batterie 	Calme et charmant 2 pièces de 30 m2 situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien donnant sur un ravissant jardin (mis à disposition). Digicode et interphone. Proche transports en commun et sites touristiques. Calme et charmant 2 pièces de 30 m2 situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien donnant sur un ravissant jardin (mis à disposition) .Digicode et interphone. Emplacement: Moins d'une minute du métro (ligne 11), station de bus (60) face à l'immeuble. - 5 minutes à pied du village Jourdain (restaurants, bar, magasins de bouches etc), de la Campagne à Paris et du tramway Porte des Lilas. - 10 minutes à pied de la Place Gambetta (magasins et cinéma) et du Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Marché au métro télégraphe (mercredi et samedi) et Place des Fêtes (mardi, vendredi et dimanche). 15 minutes en métro du quartier du Marais, Hôtel de Ville. 20 minutes de Châtelet. Composition: Un séjour (lumineux et sur jardin) avec cuisine américaine, canapé-lit (140X190) Une chambre (lumineuse et sur jardin) avec l
20216		Appart 45m2, avec un grand balcon et une jolie vue sur le nord de Paris. Il y a tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour un bon séjour: une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, une grande chambre et un salon confortable. Métro Porte des Lilas
20217	Appartement typiquement parisien, situé au deuxième étage, sans ascenseur, avec le charme de l'ancien (parquet et moulures) et le confort du moderne (fenêtres double vitrage). L'appartement comprend une entrée, une cuisine tout équipée, un salon de 12m2 avec écran plat et box internet, une confortable chambre de 12m2 avec un lit double et un bureau ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain (douche + toilette + lavabo) Les fenêtres qui donnent sur cour sont exposées plein sud donc l'appartement est très lumineux. 	Beau 2 pièces de 33 m2 tout équipé, situé à Paris, dans le mythique quartier de Belleville.  Idéal pour découvrir la capitale, l'appartement est très bien desservi (lignes de métro 2 et 11, ligne de bus 96). Tout est à portée de main. Appartement typiquement parisien, situé au deuxième étage, sans ascenseur, avec le charme de l'ancien (parquet et moulures) et le confort du moderne (fenêtres double vitrage). L'appartement comprend une entrée, une cuisine tout équipée, un salon de 12m2 avec écran plat et box internet, une confortable chambre de 12m2 avec un lit double et un bureau ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain (douche + toilette + lavabo) Les fenêtres qui donnent sur cour sont exposées plein sud donc l'appartement est très lumineux. Une seule pièce (cagibi) ne sera pas accessible au voyageur. Un quartier populaire bien connu de la capitale, où tout est à portée de main. Découvrez les restos asiatiques de la rue de Belleville, les bistros du boulevard, faites la fête à la Bellevillois
20218	appartement 2 pièces (poss de location ou echange apprt) loue la pièce principale en photo, c'est le salon transformée en votre chambre privée, moi je suis dans une autre chambre à coté, mais à part. Vous serez donc 100% tranquille! (16m2 environ) wc et sdbain séparée et accessible, cuisine séparée et accessible idéal pour 2 nuits ou + (max 30 nuits) 	Hi, in my 2 rooms U could hâve the biggest room with couch big size, access at kitchen, bathroom and toilets whenever u want with your owm keys of the flat. U Will enjoy the location near père Lachaise, near everything... See ya Dave
20219	Salon avec cuisine ouverte équipée (four, micro-ondes, grand frigo, grille pain, machine à café, lave linge). Chambre avec lit 2 places (avec grande télé HD). Salle de bain avec baignoire et chauffe serviette.  2 couchages supplémentaires dans le salon (1 lit de repos 1 place + 1 canapé-futon convertible 1 place). 1 place de parking. WIFI. L'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue mais sur un grand jardin de copropriété, il est donc vraiment très paisible. La terrasse est équipée d'une grande table de jardin 4 places, d'une chaise longue, et j'entretiens les arbustes et plantes toute l'année. Pas de vis-à-vis direct.	Bel appartement moderne de 48m2 (+30 m2 de terrasse !) dans le quartier de Ménilmontant. Idéal pour un couple ou une famille de 3/4 personnes. Salon avec cuisine ouverte équipée (four, micro-ondes, grand frigo, grille pain, machine à café, lave linge). Chambre avec lit 2 places (avec grande télé HD). Salle de bain avec baignoire et chauffe serviette.  2 couchages supplémentaires dans le salon (1 lit de repos 1 place + 1 canapé-futon convertible 1 place). 1 place de parking. WIFI. L'appartement ne donne pas sur la rue mais sur un grand jardin de copropriété, il est donc vraiment très paisible. La terrasse est équipée d'une grande table de jardin 4 places, d'une chaise longue, et j'entretiens les arbustes et plantes toute l'année. Pas de vis-à-vis direct. Je serai sur place le temps de la remise des clefs (et du bip pour le garage si nécessaire) et à la fin de votre séjour. Si toutefois vous avez besoin de moi durant le séjour, je me débrouillerai toujours pour être joignable et me dépla
20220	Our early 20th century property with beautiful high mounded ceilings, original fireplaces and typically large windows was completely renovated in early 2014 and provides 39 m2 of bright living area in two rooms, a bedroom with large double bed (140 cm) and a lounge with sofa bed (125 cm), a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with bath and shower. The apartment is equipped with Wifi. 	A beautifully appointed apartment on the 6th floor of a typical Haussman designed building in a vibrant Parisian neighberhood just 20 meters from the Place Gambetta and very close to the Père Lachaise. Our early 20th century property with beautiful high mounded ceilings, original fireplaces and typically large windows was completely renovated in early 2014 and provides 39 m2 of bright living area in two rooms, a bedroom with large double bed (140 cm) and a lounge with sofa bed (125 cm), a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with bath and shower. The apartment is equipped with Wifi. Access is via the elevator to the 4th floor and then a pretty covered exterior staircase to the 6th floor and your romantic and comfortable nest, the starting point of your romance with Parisian life. You will be very close to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery ( tombs of Edith Piaf, Oscar Wilde, Jim Morrison, Chopin, Molière and many more). There is a cinema close by, near to the Théâtre de La Colline and ma
20221	A large beautiful 1 bedroom apartment with elegant ceiling moldings and hard-wood floors, bathed in natural sunlight during the day with nice views of Place Ménilmontant. Double-framed windows ensure a quiet and peaceful stay. The bedroom features a luxury queen-sized bed and looks out onto the building's charming courtyard. The living room couch folds out into a comfortable bed to accommodate  a second couple if/when needed. I have hi-speed wireless internet, blue-tooth speakers, a piano, a washer/dryer, and a fully-stocked kitchen. There's a gym w/ a pool just next door!	Large 1 bedroom apartment in hip & charming neighborhood! Enjoy high-speed internet, luxury queen-size bed, fully-equiped kitchen, outdoor market, nearby gym & pool... Centrally located and steps from the metro/bus/taxi stand/city bikes!  A large beautiful 1 bedroom apartment with elegant ceiling moldings and hard-wood floors, bathed in natural sunlight during the day with nice views of Place Ménilmontant. Double-framed windows ensure a quiet and peaceful stay. The bedroom features a luxury queen-sized bed and looks out onto the building's charming courtyard. The living room couch folds out into a comfortable bed to accommodate  a second couple if/when needed. I have hi-speed wireless internet, blue-tooth speakers, a piano, a washer/dryer, and a fully-stocked kitchen. There's a gym w/ a pool just next door! Feel free to use everything in the apartment except my wine & liquor. I like to greet my guests in person when possible.  I'm always very easy to reach by email or phone. One of Par
20222	Area : -The district is safe and very social with good people, really nice and cheap restaurants (very good quality), supermarkets, shops and a lot of little boutiques -The apartment is below Buttes Chaumont Park : about 4 minute walk.  -Lots of places of interests around : Parc des Buttes Chaumont with a bar pub inside (Rosa Bonheur - i love it!), Canal St Martin, Canal de l'Ourq, City of Music, Republique, Belleville. Lovely 2 rooms flat very functional and fully equipped. Close to transports connections  Apartment: Enjoy this recently renovated & cosy 41m2 (2 rooms, king size bed, 1 sofa) apartment that is located in the popular area of Park Buttes Chaumont that is well known for its stores, cafés and restaurants all along the streets. Your light-flooded apartment has wooden floors, walls painted in white. It's quiet and peaceful. So you will be able to relax without any noise of the city.  The living room is furnished with a sofa (has space for 2 if needed), a TV and a big window. 	Situated in the heart of the vibrant young Buttes Chaumont area in Paris, this flat has the real parisian charme and offers brand new kitchen and bathroom. This is a truly unique appartement as it combines nostalgic elements with stylish modernity. Area : -The district is safe and very social with good people, really nice and cheap restaurants (very good quality), supermarkets, shops and a lot of little boutiques -The apartment is below Buttes Chaumont Park : about 4 minute walk.  -Lots of places of interests around : Parc des Buttes Chaumont with a bar pub inside (Rosa Bonheur - i love it!), Canal St Martin, Canal de l'Ourq, City of Music, Republique, Belleville. Lovely 2 rooms flat very functional and fully equipped. Close to transports connections  Apartment: Enjoy this recently renovated & cosy 41m2 (2 rooms, king size bed, 1 sofa) apartment that is located in the popular area of Park Buttes Chaumont that is well known for its stores, cafés and restaurants all along the streets. Yo
20223	Loft très agréable, fonctionnel et bien équipé. Refait par un architecte récemment. Beau séjour avec cuisine ouverte type atelier. Cuisine équipé (four, plaques, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, blender,frigo...) Le coin nuit est composé d'une chambre avec lit double pour 2 personnes. Il y a une petite alcove avec un lit bébé en plus. Salle de bain avec douche, WC et machine à laver. Une jolie courette pour prendre le petit déjeuner dehors. Rare à Paris :-) Lilou notre gentil chat roux restera avec vous pendant votre séjour. Idéal pour couple seul ou avec enfant en bas-age.	Loft 2 pièces sur cour calme ! Avec une jolie courette privative ! Dans un quartier sympa entre Ménilmontant et Gambetta. De nombreux endroits où sortir comme la Bellevilloise, la Maroquinerie, la rue Oberkampf. A 5 minutes à pieds du Père Lachaise. Loft très agréable, fonctionnel et bien équipé. Refait par un architecte récemment. Beau séjour avec cuisine ouverte type atelier. Cuisine équipé (four, plaques, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, blender,frigo...) Le coin nuit est composé d'une chambre avec lit double pour 2 personnes. Il y a une petite alcove avec un lit bébé en plus. Salle de bain avec douche, WC et machine à laver. Une jolie courette pour prendre le petit déjeuner dehors. Rare à Paris :-) Lilou notre gentil chat roux restera avec vous pendant votre séjour. Idéal pour couple seul ou avec enfant en bas-age. Nous habitons à l'année dans cet appartement avec notre fils d'un an. Nous le mettons à disposition lorsque nous partons en vacances. Nous sommes disponible par téléphone pe
20224	L'appartement est spacieux et moderne avec parquet et canapés en cuir. Le balcon avec vue sur Paris (la photo de la Tour Eiffel a été prise du balcon) fait 9 m2. La cuisine est fonctionnelle avec : four, plaque à gaz, micro-ondes, cave à vin. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire/douche et de deux éviers.	Superbe grand 3 pièces lumineux dans résidence claire et calme avec une vue imprenable sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel. Appartement très confortable spacieux et moderne. Place de parking. L'appartement est spacieux et moderne avec parquet et canapés en cuir. Le balcon avec vue sur Paris (la photo de la Tour Eiffel a été prise du balcon) fait 9 m2. La cuisine est fonctionnelle avec : four, plaque à gaz, micro-ondes, cave à vin. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire/douche et de deux éviers. Le quartier est le plus haut de Paris. Tout près des Buttes Chaumont et du cimetière du Père Lachaise. À 15 mn en métro du centre de Paris. À 3 minutes à pieds du métro Télégraphe, ligne 11. Direct jusqu'à Belleville, République, Hôtel de Ville et Châtelet. Bus ligne 60 (Porte de Montmartre, Place Gambetta) au pied de l'immeuble.
20225	Our location is a flat with a large terrace with plants. It has an original cottage style interior.  Terrace brings a countryside breathe in the center of Paris and is ideal to relax or enjoy a drink in a very rare setting in Paris.  Ideal for a couple, with a double bed in the bedroom and one sofa bed in the living room.  It is very quiet, you sleep well. For music lovers like me there is a high fidelity sound system that you can enjoy during your stay, as well as a full HD LED screen.	Warm and comfortable flat with a large terrace, 15 min from the most beautiful districts of Paris, this apartment is a strategic choice to visit Paris but also find rest and live in a quiet place.
20226	Charming little flat, ideal for young couples!	30 sqm 2 room appartment located nearby the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery, in a parisian authentic neighbourhood. Lots of bars and commerce nearby, public transportation ( 2 min walking distance for bus 26, 64 and only 7 min  from the metro line 9. Charming little flat, ideal for young couples! Access to fully equiped kitchen, bathroom, WIFI, etc
20227	The flat is really nice. You can use everything in there. We tried to find out the best ways to make it comfortable.  Luminous, quiet and cosy.	" We're living in a charming flat, made up of a huge livingroom, a full fitted-out kitchen, two rooms, bathroom and toilet. There are two different rooms, to rent, depending the availability, both quiet and cosy, perfect for lovers.       The flat is really nice. You can use everything in there. We tried to find out the best ways to make it comfortable.  Luminous, quiet and cosy. You can use the bathroom and the full fitted-out kitchen as you want to.  I will be there to welcome you and introduce you to the most interresting places around the flat. If you have more questions during your trip, don't hesitate to write me. Ménilmontant is one of the most beautiful place in Paris. The neighbourhood is calm and some places around ""Jourdain"" and ""Pyrénées"" look like a typical french village. There are nice parcs and cafés around, and street art everywhere. ""Ménilmontant"", ""République"" and ""Belleville"" are very popular, you can stay in bars all night long there. With the subway you can easily "
20228		Here is a all furnished room in an all equipped appartment where you'll be able to cook AND to wash your C
20229	calme vue lumière quartier 	51 m2 au 5 ème étage  immeuble  bon standing balcon 11m2 sans vis à vis, vue sacré coeur, rue piétonne donnant sur très beau jardin public . Belle pièce de vie  + chambre sur balcon SDB WC séparés. 2 ascenseurs, gardien digicode parking station vélib calme vue lumière quartier  à tout  a l arrivée
20230	Loft on two floors with private garden tube station: Jourdain, Paris 20 fullly equiped: dish washer, washing machine, micro wave  hifi, tv, video, wifi 2 bedrooms in open space on first floor ( 1 medium size bed, 1 king size bed) extra bed possible on a couch Week ends:( sat-sun) = 2OO€ Weelkly rate: (7 days) = 700€ Monthly rate ( july and august only)= 2500€ métro station: Jourdain, line 11.	Loft on two floors with private garden tube station: Jourdain, Paris 20 fullly equiped: dish washer, washing machine, micro wave  hifi, tv, video, wifi 2 bedrooms in open space on first floor ( 1 medium size bed, 1 king size bed) extra bed possible on a couch Week ends:( sat-sun) = 2OO€ Weelkly rate: (7 days) = 700€ Monthly rate ( july and august only)= 2500€ métro station: Jourdain, line 11.
20231	The appartment is fully furnished (wahsing machine, microwave, tv,Internet with Flatrate etc.) I rent my room and you will share the apartment either with  me or with my roommate. 	The flat (50m2) has two rooms (on the 6th floor with elevator), a big room with a double bed and a a smaller with a double bed, a bathroom, a separate toilet and a fully equipped kitchen.   Closed to metro station Télégraphe. The appartment is fully furnished (wahsing machine, microwave, tv,Internet with Flatrate etc.) I rent my room and you will share the apartment either with  me or with my roommate. Balcony, Bathroom, Kitchen... I'll be available to answer your questions by phone or email and if I'm there, I will give different kinds of advices. Location: On rue de Belleville between metro stations Télégraphe and Porte de Lillas (line 11). Two parks (parc de Buttes-Chaumont, Parc Serge Gainsbourg), a swimming pool, and a cinema (Etoile Lilas) are closed by. Tram and buses as well.   15 mintues by metro to chatelet, 20 minutes on a walk to Menilmontant. and Jourdain-Belleville. We provide fresh clean bed linen & towels 
20232		The appartement is at 20 minutes from the center of paris. It is big (100m2) with 3 separates rooms, a double living room, a balcony on both sides, 2 bathrooms/WC. Internet and all comodities include. you will have access to everything you need in the appartement. Except my brother room and my room. The neighborhood is very calm and peacefull
20233	All the comfort you need in a small and cosy place View On Paris, nice balcony Amazing neighborhood.	Very weel situated appartment close to the park Buttes Chaumon . Loveley neighbourhood with a lot of shop and restaurants Balcony with a view on Paris ( 7 floor)bathroom , washing machine, internet, comfortable coach bed All the comfort you need in a small and cosy place View On Paris, nice balcony Amazing neighborhood. Lots of bars and restaurant. Pere Lachaise famous Cemetery 10 min walking. Park des Buttes chaumont very close, perfect for a ride or have a pic nic. Metro Grambetta  Bus 61 26 69 Velib in the street , taxi station.
20234	2 pieces compose d une chambre separee avec lit-double, et canape lit ds le salon, cuisine americaine, salle d eau. Au pied de l immeuble machine a laver et secher.	Deux pieces idealement situe proche transports-quartier dynamique et anime 2 pieces compose d une chambre separee avec lit-double, et canape lit ds le salon, cuisine americaine, salle d eau. Au pied de l immeuble machine a laver et secher. Oui, j acceuille les visiteurs, et peux leur indiquer les meilleurs endroits Quartier jeune et dynamique, proximite cafe et restaurant. Tres bien desservit...proximite quartier republique ET bastille Metro station belleville.
20235		Appartement très lumineux, calme et fonctionnel. Idéal pour famille avec enfants. Double séjour, 3 chambres (1 lit double, 2 lits simple, 1 canapé lit double, 2 lits d'enfant, 1 lit bébé), 2 salles de bains, grand balcon. Métro au pied de l'immeuble.
20236		Superbe appartement lumineux au dernier éta
20237	The apartment is brand new and all furnished with a TV, a kitchen full equipped, a washing machine, 	Always a pleasure to receive you, the door of this cocoon is wide open ! The closest metro station is 5 min walking : Jourdain on the line 11.          The apartment is brand new and all furnished with a TV, a kitchen full equipped, a washing machine,  You have access to every furniture including the wifi that works perfectly :) I am very responsive to give you any detail about the apartment. I usually send you the directions to reach the apartment easily a week before your arrival. Then I obviously remain at your disposal for anything. The neighborhood is very cool and laid back. People are pretty nice in this area of Paris. The closest metro station is 5 min walking fro the apartment, it is called Jourdain and it is on the line 11.
20238	"La maison est charmante, dans une villa privée, ancienne et très jolie, typique du Paris d'autrefois, classée à l'inventaire des monuments historiques. Elle figure dans le mythique ""Jules et Jim"", de François Truffaut. Le logement comprend deux pièces en duplex : un séjour et une chambre (avec 2 lits, dont un lit d'enfant en mezzanine), une kitchenette, une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé. Il est idéal pour 1, 2 personnes et 1 enfant, et parfait pour y vivre et travailler dans la tranquillité. La cour est en libre usage : on y prend l'air et le soleil, un café de temps en temps, et les enfants y jouent.  Le logement est entièrement libre.  Les voisins et amis se chargeront de l'accueil des voyageurs. Nous correspondrons par e- mail.  Le quartier de Belleville est un des plus vivants, commerçants, festifs et cosmopolites de Paris. Par chance, la maison se trouve dans une rue calme, entourée de magnifiques parcs, et à deux pas du belvédère de Belleville qui laisse admirer un des "	"La maison est charmante, dans une villa privée, ancienne et très jolie, typique du Paris d'autrefois, classée à l'inventaire des monuments historiques. Elle figure dans le mythique ""Jules et Jim"", de François Truffaut. Le logement comprend deux pièces en duplex : un séjour et une chambre (avec 2 lits, dont un lit d'enfant en mezzanine), une kitchenette, une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé. Il est idéal pour 1, 2 personnes et 1 enfant, et parfait pour y vivre et travailler dans la tranquillité. La cour est en libre usage : on y prend l'air et le soleil, un café de temps en temps, et les enfants y jouent.  Le logement est entièrement libre.  Les voisins et amis se chargeront de l'accueil des voyageurs. Nous correspondrons par e- mail.  Le quartier de Belleville est un des plus vivants, commerçants, festifs et cosmopolites de Paris. Par chance, la maison se trouve dans une rue calme, entourée de magnifiques parcs, et à deux pas du belvédère de Belleville qui laisse admirer un des "
20239	2 rooms, 45 m2 Large living room with two windows overlooking quiet street. Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, induction hob). The living room sofa is convertible. Large room of 15 m2 with a double bed 140. A piano is at your disposal. Bathroom with bathtub.	Lovely and bright flat, two stpes away from Pere Lachaise. Fully equipped, can host up to 5 people, 50m from Gambetta metro station. Very welcoming neighborhood with shops, restaurants and cafes nearby. Ideal for exploring Paris! 2 rooms, 45 m2 Large living room with two windows overlooking quiet street. Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, induction hob). The living room sofa is convertible. Large room of 15 m2 with a double bed 140. A piano is at your disposal. Bathroom with bathtub. Théâtre at 50m. Cinéma - 100m. Métro station Gambetta - 50m. Great bars and restaurants, ideal to have a drink or dinner. This neighborhood is very welcoming. A village in Paris' heart Metro (line 3) station Gambetta + Bus
20240	The apartment is located in the twentieth arrondissement of Paris, near the Place de la Nation and the cemetery of Pere La Chaise, in a quiet street. It is on the 1st floor in backyard (tranquility guaranteed!) In a small two-storey building. It consists of a living room - kitchen with a sofa bed, a bathroom (shower) and bedroom (overlooking the garden). The apartment is bright. Shops nearby: supermarket, bakery ... The area is well served by public transport (metro, tram, train), 15 mm Chatelet, the Louvre 20mm.	The apartment is located in the twentieth arrondissement of Paris, near the Place de la Nation and the cemetery of Pere La Chaise, in a quiet street. Transportation: Metro: L1, L9, L6, RER, Tramway. 10 minutes from Gare de Lyon The apartment is located in the twentieth arrondissement of Paris, near the Place de la Nation and the cemetery of Pere La Chaise, in a quiet street. It is on the 1st floor in backyard (tranquility guaranteed!) In a small two-storey building. It consists of a living room - kitchen with a sofa bed, a bathroom (shower) and bedroom (overlooking the garden). The apartment is bright. Shops nearby: supermarket, bakery ... The area is well served by public transport (metro, tram, train), 15 mm Chatelet, the Louvre 20mm. The apartment is in a quiet street in a popular area close to the Père Lachaise cemetery, the Place de la Nation and the Belleville neighborhood. The apartment is 15 minutes from Chatelet (Paris center) Subway: 1, 6, 9 (Place de la Nation) RER A (Disney
20241	Chambre en sous-sol, lit double. Température constamment fraîche, agréable par temps de canicule. Console et penderie à disposition. Tapis doux pour les pieds. Bedroom located in the basement. Always fresh temperature, ideal for this hot summer.  Furnitures available to tide your clothes. Soft rug for the feet.	Chambre en sous-sol, lit double, température constamment basse. Idéal par ces temps caniculaires! 20m carrés. Chambre en sous-sol, lit double. Température constamment fraîche, agréable par temps de canicule. Console et penderie à disposition. Tapis doux pour les pieds. Bedroom located in the basement. Always fresh temperature, ideal for this hot summer.  Furnitures available to tide your clothes. Soft rug for the feet. Libre accès à toutes les parties communes, et à la chambre louée. Free access to all common areas, and the rented bedroom. Joignable par téléphone & par mail. Reachable via mobile or email. Quartier calme et proche de grands parcs comme les Buttes Chaumont ou le parc de Belleville. Vous pouvez aussi rejoindre le canal Saint Martin en descendant la rue de Belleville, c'est une chouette promenade. Quiet neighborhood close to several great parks such as Buttes Chaumont or Parc de Belleville. You can also go see the canal Saint-Martin by going all the way down rue de Bellevi
20242	Modern flat of 53 square meters in modern, separate bedroom, big living room, very calm,  balcony overloking a garden , great neighbourhood, 10 min on foot from Buttes Chaumont parc, 15 min from the center (Châtelet) by direct metro.  	Appart moderne de 53 m2, grand salon, tout équipé, parquet, très au calme dans le quartier commerçant de Jourdain, vue sur jardin, à 10min à pied des Buttes Chaumont, 15min de Châtelet en métro (ligne 11).  Modern flat of 53 square meters in modern, separate bedroom, big living room, very calm,  balcony overloking a garden , great neighbourhood, 10 min on foot from Buttes Chaumont parc, 15 min from the center (Châtelet) by direct metro.  
20243	Welcome home Very comfortable, this studio is located in a small private courtyard, lush and well maintained.  A table and chairs are at your disposal in order to have lunch or a drink in quiet. The studio is composed of a main room with a living-room corner, a dining-room and an open kitchen fully equipped (large fridge, oven, induction hobs, micro wave, coffee-machine, toaster, mixer, …) At the first floor, you will find a bedroom with a double bed and dressing, and a fully equiped bathroom (washing machine, storage furniture) The appartment is very luminous and in the morning you can hear the seagles from Nation square! The apartment, (more comfortable for 2) can receive up to 4 people. A convertible sofa for 2 is installed in the living-room. Sheets and towels are available free of charge.  You’ll find everything you need for a first breakfast (coffee, tea,…) WIFI, HD TV with cable. 	A unique place close to the Place de la Nation (subway serving multiple destinations). This former artisan's studio has been fully renovated and is very calm, set in a verdant courtyard.  An ideal place to discover Paris. Welcome home Very comfortable, this studio is located in a small private courtyard, lush and well maintained.  A table and chairs are at your disposal in order to have lunch or a drink in quiet. The studio is composed of a main room with a living-room corner, a dining-room and an open kitchen fully equipped (large fridge, oven, induction hobs, micro wave, coffee-machine, toaster, mixer, …) At the first floor, you will find a bedroom with a double bed and dressing, and a fully equiped bathroom (washing machine, storage furniture) The appartment is very luminous and in the morning you can hear the seagles from Nation square! The apartment, (more comfortable for 2) can receive up to 4 people. A convertible sofa for 2 is installed in the living-room. Sheets and towels are
20244	Apartment on the first floor of a building with elevator. Perfect for visitors for a short stay in Paris.  	Amazing studio apartment very cosy,spacious & furnished.  Great location near Nation. Many metro lines 1, 9, 2, 6, RER A.  Kitchen, private bath, clean. Can fit four people 2 on the queen bed and 2 on the futon.  You will love the neighborhood! ;-)
20245		Petit studio tout confort, refait à neuf par un architecte. Situé en plein cœur d'un quartier vivant - restaurants, commerces à proximité - mon studio se situe dans une petite rue calme, sur cour intérieure.  Il peut accueillir 2 personnes, j'ai hâte de vous faire connaître les bonnes adresses du coin!
20246	Métro et supermarché au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux commerces à proximité.	Métro et supermarché au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Ligne 9 métro Buzenval.
20247	Located 2min walk from Père Lachaise cemetery and very well served by public transport, this apartment is the ideal starting point for all your trips. Covering an area of 48 m2 and is located on the 6th floor with elevator, the apartment consists of a large lounge with a fully equipped kitchen, a hall with a desk, a bedroom with a double bed and a spacious bathroom. The living room is furnished and decorated and has a sofa and a half square, a coffee table, and a LED TV with DVD and Blu-Ray (and a selection of movies for rainy evenings: p). You have in the living room a bedroom shelves, wardrobe and chest of drawers that allow you to easily store your clothes and other personal belongings that you need during your stay. Wi-Fi is also available in an unlimited time. The bathroom consists of a spacious bathtub, a shelf and a cabinet on which a sink and a large mirror and a washing machine.  The kitchen is open to the living room offers all the amenities needed to achieve your meals. Full	Located 2min walk from Père Lachaise cemetery and very well served by public transport, this apartment is the ideal starting point for all your trips. Covering an area of 48 m2 and is located on the 6th floor with elevator, the apartment consists of a large lounge with a fully equipped kitchen, a hall with a desk, a bedroom with a double bed and a spacious bathroom. The living room is furnished and decorated and has a sofa and a half square, a coffee table, and a LED TV with DVD and Blu-Ray (and a selection of movies for rainy evenings: p). You have in the living room a bedroom shelves, wardrobe and chest of drawers that allow you to easily store your clothes and other personal belongings that you need during your stay. Wi-Fi is also available in an unlimited time. The bathroom consists of a spacious bathtub, a shelf and a cabinet on which a sink and a large mirror and a washing machine.  The kitchen is open to the living room offers all the amenities needed to achieve your meals. Full
20248		Appartement de caractère. 4e étage avec ascenseur,  Très bien placé à 10mn à pied des buttes chaumont et 5 mn du parc de belleville quartier bobo considéré comme le dernier  village parisien. Proximité du métro Jourdain et tout commerce. 
20249		Charmant petit nid de 15m2 dans le quartier de Belleville, métro Pyrénées. Il est rue des envierges, le belvédère et le parc de Belleville sont au bout de la rue. (internet, TV, machine à laver)
20250	The flat is entirely for you. It's a nice shiny and new 2 room flat (kitchen + living room). The bathroom has a small bath, and the toilet is in another small room. Great sun expose and calm. The couch is convertible into a large bed for 2, and we provide also a twin inflatable mattress in case you prefer separate beds. 	Typical 1900's architecture, all renovated and fully equiped appartment. Feel at home instantly. The flat is entirely for you. It's a nice shiny and new 2 room flat (kitchen + living room). The bathroom has a small bath, and the toilet is in another small room. Great sun expose and calm. The couch is convertible into a large bed for 2, and we provide also a twin inflatable mattress in case you prefer separate beds. Fully equipped and well located, WiFi and a flat screen TV. Not to forget an oven, a grill, a stove and a washing/drying machine. I will be available throughout your stay by email and will respond quickly. Only a 5 minute walk away from the subway (10 minute ride to the center of Paris), a 10 minute walk to Buttes Chaumont Park, not far from Belleville Chinatown and in the heart of Ménilmontant, you will discover the real upscale Parisian lifestyle. Have a drink and watch a play at the typical cafe-theater at the corner, discover culture and art with the small Belleville Wor
20251	Space, Location, Great neighborhood, Long spacious balcony, 5 minutes walk to Pere Lachaise and nation, 5 min metro to Chatelet les halles, 10 min metro to Champs Elysees.	A large comfortable  apartment for up to 10 people all equipped, balcony, safe, Nice neighborhood near Pere Lachaise and Nation (20th arrondissment). 2 large real beds, 1 large comfortable couch, 3 real mattresses on the floor, 2 chauffeuses Space, Location, Great neighborhood, Long spacious balcony, 5 minutes walk to Pere Lachaise and nation, 5 min metro to Chatelet les halles, 10 min metro to Champs Elysees. the whole apartment email telephone livelyhood, diversity, stores, restaurants, cafes, close to metro and transportation Metro Station Buzenval. RER Nation is close by
20252	Great location, very pleasant terrace, bathtub, large kitchen, wifi, TV...	I subrent my 30qm (m²) studio for the period March 22th-1st April with its 6qm terrace. There's a kitchen, toilets, and a large bathroom with a bathtub. 1st floor with a great view on a little garden, veeery pleasant and cosy, 2min away from metro 9. Metro line 9 The place will be tidier than on the picture!
20253	In this housing of 35m2 you will find both a subtle balance between privacy and space.	"At the exit of subway: ""Porte de Bagnolet"", you can rent an entire two rooms fully equipped (fridge, stove, washing machine, WIFI). Bathroom, WC. In this housing of 35m2 you will find both a subtle balance between privacy and space. - Fridge  - Cooker  - Microwave  - Washing machine  - WIFI Internet access  - Access to TV (CANAL +) A passenger reception is performed. During the stay, the apartment is only occupied by travelers. Gambetta /  Porte de Bagnolet district is full of charm. The apartment is located just near Place Edith Piaf where you can find out a French village atmosphere. There is an easy access to nice restaurants and coffees. A cinema is located 5 minutes walking from the apartment. You can quickly access the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. Line 3 Metro Station is right next to the apartment and allows you to access to the center of the city in a very short time.  The flat is located just near the exit of the subway ""Porte de Bagnolet"". Take the exit : ""Rue de la Py"". "
20254	Welcoming and warm 55 m² two room flat + a 12 m² terrace, newly refurbished and fully equiped. Situated in a calm and secure residence, at the epicenter of Belleville, Nation and Republique, it comfortably fits 2, and up to 4 people.  You will have the entire unoverlooked flat, which means: - a fully equipped kitchen, with the whole necessary household electrical appliances (washing machine, dish washer, oven, fridge, toaster, microwave), and of course the dishes - a spacious lounge (23 m²), with a double futon couch (2p), opening on to the terrace - a bedroom, with a queen-size bed (2p), also opening on to the terrace (only two small pillows) - the bathroom, with towels included, and separate WC - and let's not forget the terrace, when you'll need a little bit of rest and sun between your afternoon visits and late parties in the night :)	Welcoming and warm 55 m² two room flat + a 12 m² terrace, newly refurbished and fully equiped. Situated in a calm and secure residence, at the epicenter of Belleville, Nation and Republique, it comfortably fits 2, and up to 4 people.  Welcoming and warm 55 m² two room flat + a 12 m² terrace, newly refurbished and fully equiped. Situated in a calm and secure residence, at the epicenter of Belleville, Nation and Republique, it comfortably fits 2, and up to 4 people.  You will have the entire unoverlooked flat, which means: - a fully equipped kitchen, with the whole necessary household electrical appliances (washing machine, dish washer, oven, fridge, toaster, microwave), and of course the dishes - a spacious lounge (23 m²), with a double futon couch (2p), opening on to the terrace - a bedroom, with a queen-size bed (2p), also opening on to the terrace (only two small pillows) - the bathroom, with towels included, and separate WC - and let's not forget the terrace, when you'll need a litt
20255	Exceptional in Paris, we renovated this old Parisian bar to transform it into family house in 2008. We are a family of 4 children. The total square meter it's 180.  The main room (lounge) in ground floor it's 60 m2 for the ground with a courtyard of full foot allowing you to have a lunch outside in the sun. A house at the bottom of the courtyard extends the main room with a room video / TV / library. 3 rooms with double bed - 5 bedrooms -capacity - 9 people  The house consists in 2 parts:  Main house:  ( 4 rooms - 2 bathrooms)  - Lounge/dining room  - 1st floor with 2 child's rooms (1 single bed (possibly of adding a mattress to the ground, 1 sofa bed for 2 people) - Bathroom (shower) - 2nd floor: baby's room  - Parental bathroom (shower and bath) - Dressing room  - 3rd floor: parental room with terrace (king size bed) 2nd house:  - A TV / VIDEO room with a sofa  - 1st floor: a studio (possibility of adding a mattress to the ground) with a bathroom - 2nd floor:  terrace	Exceptional in Paris, we renovated this old Parisian bar to transform it into family house in 2008. We are a family of 4 children. The total square meter it's 180.  Exceptional in Paris, we renovated this old Parisian bar to transform it into family house in 2008. We are a family of 4 children. The total square meter it's 180.  The main room (lounge) in ground floor it's 60 m2 for the ground with a courtyard of full foot allowing you to have a lunch outside in the sun. A house at the bottom of the courtyard extends the main room with a room video / TV / library. 3 rooms with double bed - 5 bedrooms -capacity - 9 people  The house consists in 2 parts:  Main house:  ( 4 rooms - 2 bathrooms)  - Lounge/dining room  - 1st floor with 2 child's rooms (1 single bed (possibly of adding a mattress to the ground, 1 sofa bed for 2 people) - Bathroom (shower) - 2nd floor: baby's room  - Parental bathroom (shower and bath) - Dressing room  - 3rd floor: parental room with terrace (king size bed) 2nd 
20256	L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf (équipement neuf également) et se situe dans un bel immeuble Parisien . Il est au calme, chambre sur cour. Il associe le charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquet...) et le confort du moderne (cuisine américaine, douche etc...)	2 pièces refait à neuf, alliant le charme de l'ancien (parquet, moulures, poêle prussien) et le confort moderne (cuisine américaine, grande douche, lit king size!) Idéal pour un couple ou pour une famille de 3 personnes (canapé lit dans le salon) L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf (équipement neuf également) et se situe dans un bel immeuble Parisien . Il est au calme, chambre sur cour. Il associe le charme de l'ancien (moulures, parquet...) et le confort du moderne (cuisine américaine, douche etc...) Ils auront accès à tous les équipements (avec précaution bien entendu) et la moitié du dressing! Par téléphone et par mail avec plaisir! C'est un des derniers endroits de Paris avec une vrai vie de quartier, tout en restant très facilement accessible depuis les points d'intérêts touristique de la capitale. Il y fait bon vivre! Un marché prend place derrière la Mairie tous les samedis matin. Autre point positif: les prix des bars et restaurants sont parmi les moins chers de Paris!  A 
20257	"I am renting my flat during the holidays. It's a nice and confortable 2 rooms flat. Possibility to sleep for 4 personns (1 double bed and 1 sofa bed). Few min from Nation and the city center of Paris Sunny and big flat for Paris, confortable for 2 couples. Nice kitchen fully furnished for ""Gourmet""... Bathroom with bathtop and large Windows Access restricted only to the Kid's bedroom (but we are open to discussion for family with young child, under 3 yrs old) Located between Nation and Bois de Vincennes, you can reach in few minutes as easily the city center than the wood and lake of the east of Paris. Quite easy to find parking place in the street behind. Subway line 1 and Tram 3 next door. 45 min to the Airport "	"Appartement confortable tout équipé entre la place de la Nation et Vincennes au pied du tram T3 et du metro 1.Grande cuisine et salle de bain. Internet haut-débit inclus dans le prix. Lit de 2 personnes et canapé clic-clac 2 personnes dans le salon. I am renting my flat during the holidays. It's a nice and confortable 2 rooms flat. Possibility to sleep for 4 personns (1 double bed and 1 sofa bed). Few min from Nation and the city center of Paris Sunny and big flat for Paris, confortable for 2 couples. Nice kitchen fully furnished for ""Gourmet""... Bathroom with bathtop and large Windows Access restricted only to the Kid's bedroom (but we are open to discussion for family with young child, under 3 yrs old) Located between Nation and Bois de Vincennes, you can reach in few minutes as easily the city center than the wood and lake of the east of Paris. Quite easy to find parking place in the street behind. Subway line 1 and Tram 3 next door. 45 min to the Airport I am renting the full house"
20258	Magnifique 2 pièces de 38 m2 au coeur du quartier Gambetta, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble très récent jouissant d'un balcon filant de 6 m2, orienté sud-est.  Le quartier est très vivant et jouxte le cimetière du Père Lachaise, il offre une multitude d'activités : théâtre, cinéma, bars et restaurants.  Ligne 3 de métro, à 5 minutes du centre de Paris.  L'immeuble est très sécurisé,(visiophone et 2 digicodes) l'emplacement et et la modernité du logement assurent un calme total.  La chambre séparée avec salle de bains en suite permet un couchage pour deux personnes.  La cuisine ouverte sur le salon comprend 2 plaques électriques, un four, un four à micro-ondes et un lave linge séchant.  Télevision et accès wifi à internet	Magnifique 2 pièces de 38 m2 au coeur du quartier Gambetta, au 5ème étage d'un immeuble très récent jouissant d'un balcon filant de 6 m2, orienté sud-est.  Le quartier est très vivant et jouxte le cimetière du Père Lachaise, il offre une multitude d'activités : théâtre, cinéma, bars et restaurants.  Ligne 3 de métro, à 5 minutes du centre de Paris.  L'immeuble est très sécurisé,(visiophone et 2 digicodes) l'emplacement et et la modernité du logement assurent un calme total.  La chambre séparée avec salle de bains en suite permet un couchage pour deux personnes.  La cuisine ouverte sur le salon comprend 2 plaques électriques, un four, un four à micro-ondes et un lave linge séchant.  Télevision et accès wifi à internet
20259	Lovely apartment of 40 m2 in Paris, in the heights of the Oberkampf street, 10 minutes walk from Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Parc de Belleville and Buttes Chaumont. The apartment is located on the 4th floors with elevator unobstructed view on a quiet and secure garden with a code. Renovated it offers all the amenities. You can stay very comfortably 4 people. - The bedroom has a comfortable double bed (bed linen and towels are provided). - In the living room, a sofa bed for two people can comfortably accommodate two people. You can enjoy a  small flat screen TV and its multiple channels, internet connection WIFI. - The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, kettle, oven, microwave, stove (4 burners), a dishwasher, a washing machine ... - The modern bathroom is fitted with a shower with a sink, separate toilet on the corridor. The shops are within 2 minutes walk. A bakery is located across the street from the apartment and supermarket. Every Tuesday and Friday there is a market with fresh 	Lovely apartment of 40 m2 in Paris, in the heights of the Oberkampf street, 10 minutes walk from Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Parc de Belleville and Buttes Chaumont. The apartment is located on the 4th floors with elevator unobstructed view on a quiet and secure garden with a code. Renovated it offers all the amenities. You can stay very comfortably 4 people. - The bedroom has a comfortable double bed (bed linen and towels are provided). - In the living room, a sofa bed for two people can comfortably accommodate two people. You can enjoy a  small flat screen TV and its multiple channels, internet connection WIFI. - The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, kettle, oven, microwave, stove (4 burners), a dishwasher, a washing machine ... - The modern bathroom is fitted with a shower with a sink, separate toilet on the corridor. The shops are within 2 minutes walk. A bakery is located across the street from the apartment and supermarket. Every Tuesday and Friday there is a market with fresh 
20260	Cute studio in the great neighbourhood of Pyrennées/ Buttes Chaumont, moments from the park, and also Belleville and its wonderful restaurants. Studio is on the 9th floor, with an elevator.	Lovely Studio at 5 minutes from Buttes Chaumont and The Parc of Belleville. There s a balcony with a little vegetable garden (tomatoes,cuncumbers,basilic,fresh mint...),so,If you come to my place,don't forget to give them some water every night!:-) Cute studio in the great neighbourhood of Pyrennées/ Buttes Chaumont, moments from the park, and also Belleville and its wonderful restaurants. Studio is on the 9th floor, with an elevator. The studio is about 20 square meters, features a double bed, a small bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen. You will also be able to enjoy your morning coffee on the balcony whilst admiring the view. Wi-fi internet, kettle, oven. Linen and towels are provided. I remain available by email or phone during the guest's stay. Neighbourhood is lively, and typically Parisian. You will find plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants on your doorstep. Belleville is just around the corner, with its many lovely Thai or Vietnamese restaurants, while the nightlife of Ober
20261	Cute, quiet, and cozy studio with a loft in a real Parisian neighborhood!!   The studio has everything you might need for a stay in the City of Lights!  There is a kitchen, a bathroom, a loft with a real bed, a quaint living space, and two huge windows to let in lots of light!  It is located in a real Parisian neighborhood, close to the metro, buses, supermarkets, restaurants, and two beautiful parks.   The neighborhood - (email hidden)ly, yet calm/safe artistic Parisian neighborhood full of good restaurants.  The studio is between Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Pere Lachaise Cemetery and it's easy to get to each.  Metro Jourdain, line 11, which goes directly into the heart of Paris in 15 minutes, and buses 26, 48, 60, and 96, are all with a 5 minute walk.   The studio - Comfortable and cozy studio with a loft to separate the sleeping and living space.  Complete with all cooking utensils, as well as towels.   A great way to visit Paris! Thanks for looking :) -----------------------------	Cute, quiet, and cozy studio with a loft in a real Parisian neighborhood!!   The studio has everything you might need for a stay in the City of Lights!  There is a kitchen, a bathroom, a loft with a real bed, a quaint living space, and two huge windows to let in lots of light!  It is located in a real Parisian neighborhood, close to the metro, buses, supermarkets, restaurants, and two beautiful parks.   The neighborhood - (email hidden)ly, yet calm/safe artistic Parisian neighborhood full of good restaurants.  The studio is between Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Pere Lachaise Cemetery and it's easy to get to each.  Metro Jourdain, line 11, which goes directly into the heart of Paris in 15 minutes, and buses 26, 48, 60, and 96, are all with a 5 minute walk.   The studio - Comfortable and cozy studio with a loft to separate the sleeping and living space.  Complete with all cooking utensils, as well as towels.   A great way to visit Paris! Thanks for looking :) -----------------------------
20262	Mon studio est situé à l'Est de paris, dans un quartier populaire, au rez-de-chaussée, dans une cour privée très calme.  Il est entièrement meublé, et offre un lit double, et un lit simple. Le lit est en mezzanine.  La décoration est de style bohème, on y trouve des livres, un piano, des plantes ! Dans la cuisine, vous trouverez un four, un four à micro-ondes, et tout ce qu'il vous faut pour cuisiner. Pour le petit déjeuner, vous trouverez thé, café, biscottes, confiture... Il y a une télévision avec un grand nombre de chaînes, un accès internet et une connexion au Wifi gratuite. Le prix comprend toutes les charges, les draps, les serviettes, et des idées de promenade ! L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire, avec de nombreux commerces ouverts le dimanche.  A 5 minutes à pied, vous trouverez la rue Saint- Blaise, charmante rue pavée dans laquelle on peut manger en terrasse, dans une large variété de restaurants (japonais, espagnol, français, marocain). Le Jeudi et le Dimanc	Mon studio est situé à l'Est de paris, dans un quartier populaire, au rez-de-chaussée, dans une cour privée très calme.  Il est entièrement meublé, et offre un lit double, et un lit simple. Le lit est en mezzanine.  La décoration est de style bohème, on y trouve des livres, un piano, des plantes ! Dans la cuisine, vous trouverez un four, un four à micro-ondes, et tout ce qu'il vous faut pour cuisiner. Pour le petit déjeuner, vous trouverez thé, café, biscottes, confiture... Il y a une télévision avec un grand nombre de chaînes, un accès internet et une connexion au Wifi gratuite. Le prix comprend toutes les charges, les draps, les serviettes, et des idées de promenade ! L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire, avec de nombreux commerces ouverts le dimanche.  A 5 minutes à pied, vous trouverez la rue Saint- Blaise, charmante rue pavée dans laquelle on peut manger en terrasse, dans une large variété de restaurants (japonais, espagnol, français, marocain). Le Jeudi et le Dimanc
20263	IDÉAL pour 2 couples ou pour un couple avec enfants ou pour 1 couple qui veut de l'espace. Appartement de 50 m2 localisé à Paris 20ème. Entre place de la Nation et le cimetière du Père Lachaise. Métro ligne 2 ou 1 ou RER A à proximité. Station de vélos Vélib proche. Bars et restaurants de quartier très sympa. L'appartement est meublé et en très bon état et se situe au 5ème étage (avec ascenseur), dans une résidence sécurisée et calme. Il dispose d'une grande chambre avec lit double. Un grand salon équipé d'un lit double. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et eau chaude. Une cuisine équipée d'un micro-onde, de deux plaques chauffantes, d'un réfrigérateur. Des toilettes séparés. Chauffage individuel électrique. Eau chaude instantanée et illimitée. Draps et serviettes de toilette propres sont de rigueur. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- voici les horaires: Arrivée : flexible / Rendez vous au pied de l'immeuble, Sortie : 12h du matin m	IDÉAL pour 2 couples ou pour un couple avec enfants ou pour 1 couple qui veut de l'espace. Appartement de 50 m2 localisé à Paris 20ème. Entre place de la Nation et le cimetière du Père Lachaise. Métro ligne 2 ou 1 ou RER A à proximité. Station de vélos Vélib proche. Bars et restaurants de quartier très sympa. L'appartement est meublé et en très bon état et se situe au 5ème étage (avec ascenseur), dans une résidence sécurisée et calme. Il dispose d'une grande chambre avec lit double. Un grand salon équipé d'un lit double. Une salle de bain avec baignoire et eau chaude. Une cuisine équipée d'un micro-onde, de deux plaques chauffantes, d'un réfrigérateur. Des toilettes séparés. Chauffage individuel électrique. Eau chaude instantanée et illimitée. Draps et serviettes de toilette propres sont de rigueur. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- voici les horaires: Arrivée : flexible / Rendez vous au pied de l'immeuble, Sortie : 12h du matin m
20264	Um apartamento com muito charme, calmo e luminoso. Metro  do lado do prédio e ponto de bicicleta  com livre serviço. 	Apartamento com muito charme. Banheira no quarto com vista pro céu, calmo! Um apartamento com muito charme, calmo e luminoso. Metro  do lado do prédio e ponto de bicicleta  com livre serviço. 
20265	A very luminous studio, with all the facilities you need to make your stay in Paris just perfect. A beautiful calm and secure neighborhood just besides the very heart of Paris and all attractions!	"If you want to stay in Paris very close from downtown with all the comfort that a little cosy well equiped studio can offer, you're just in ""the place to be""! Don't go for places with the same price but tremendously far from central Paris! A very luminous studio, with all the facilities you need to make your stay in Paris just perfect. A beautiful calm and secure neighborhood just besides the very heart of Paris and all attractions! All the security you need in a familiar neighborhood. No problem at all, you can arrive late at night, everything is calm and peacefull. You can use subway lignes 2 (Couronnes Station) and 11 (Pyrénnees station). "
20266	Warm and fully equipped studio located in Belleville -Pyrenees , near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont , and Republic of gatehouse . Come and experience the Parisian experience in the heart of the city, close to everything you squeeze The apartment offers you access to a courtyard.	Studio fully equipped with everything you need, located in the Pyrenees in a 10-minute walk from Republic. It is located in the center of Paris , close to everything , shops, small markets, and tourist sites. Warm and fully equipped studio located in Belleville -Pyrenees , near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont , and Republic of gatehouse . Come and experience the Parisian experience in the heart of the city, close to everything you squeeze The apartment offers you access to a courtyard. You will be in a studio equipped for you and make you feel at home. A bathroom with straightener and hair dryer. A kitchen with everything you need to make you small dishes , hob , microwave, fridge , dishes , machine Dolcé Gusto coffee course coffee is offered ; Of course the sheets and towels are provided. I am available to my visitors and I am a true lover of Paris , I would be there if you need advice to better explore the city. The area is especially warm and eclectic , you 'll find everything from bea
20267	between Nation & Père Lachaise;3 mn walking from the metro Alexandre Dumas. 15 mn to the historic area, in a safety district. this is flat 60m2, very well  maintain is very well equipped.Your room has just be renovated. you will be totally independent and you can count on my assistance recommendations. you will sleep in to a bed of 90 cm knew and comfortable; in a neutral and homogeneous decor. a french window give you some clearness and quietness. A very large wardrobe allow you to settle in for a long time. Comfortable bathroom, separate restroom and attractive kitchen.	Very nice bedroom in 3 rooms flat. 2 mn from the subway Alexandre Dumas. lively and safely district in a quite street. Your room (10 m2, clear and totally renoved) french windows on a tree-filled courtyard. free access kitchen,bathroom, restroom,wifi between Nation & Père Lachaise;3 mn walking from the metro Alexandre Dumas. 15 mn to the historic area, in a safety district. this is flat 60m2, very well  maintain is very well equipped.Your room has just be renovated. you will be totally independent and you can count on my assistance recommendations. you will sleep in to a bed of 90 cm knew and comfortable; in a neutral and homogeneous decor. a french window give you some clearness and quietness. A very large wardrobe allow you to settle in for a long time. Comfortable bathroom, separate restroom and attractive kitchen. You have a free access to the bathroom, the separated restroom, and the kitchen very well equipped ( micro wave oven, traditional oven, induction hotplate, fridge, freeze
20268		Comfortable bedroom located in the famous monument zone Pere lachaise. Easy access to subway!
20269	Nice flat, 53 m2, quiet and sunny, parquet, big living room, big fully equiped kitchen, two bedrooms (one double bed, one kid's bed, one sofa bed (double).  Jourdain - Ménilmontant, half artist half popular Paris. 1 minute walk to Parc de Belleville, 10 minutes walk to Buttes Chaumont. Quiet and family lifestyle. Metro and bus to all tourist attractions in Paris (le Marais = 15 minutes, Châtelet, 20 minutes, Arc de Triomphe = 25 minutes) We deeply love our home and our neighbourhood as most of our neighbours. We've already exchanged our flat and our guests also liked them very much.	Nice flat, 53 m2, quiet and sunny, parquet, big living room, big fully equiped kitchen, two bedrooms (one double bed, one kid's bed, one sofa bed (double).  Jourdain - Ménilmontant, half artist half popular Paris. 1 minute walk to Parc de Belleville, 10 minutes walk to Buttes Chaumont. Quiet and family lifestyle. Metro and bus to all tourist attractions in Paris (le Marais = 15 minutes, Châtelet, 20 minutes, Arc de Triomphe = 25 minutes) We deeply love our home and our neighbourhood as most of our neighbours. We've already exchanged our flat and our guests also liked them very much.
20270	 Grand duplex d'artiste de 110m2 constitué  Au RDC: d'une grande chambre/ loft de 20 m² avec baie vitrée de 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond, beau parquet. Wc. À l'étage: d'un grand salon avec cuisine américaine toute équipée, une chambre parentale avec lit king size, aune chambre enfant, salle de bain, wc. Immeuble ultra sécurisé. Possibilité de couchage sur canapé pour une 6eme personne. Possibilité de faire un prix longue durée.	Duplex spacieux de 110 m², en plein Paris, idéal pour accueillir votre famille. Charmant, confortable et lumineux, il fera la joie de tous ! Grand duplex d'artiste de 110m2 constitué  Au RDC: d'une grande chambre/ loft de 20 m² avec baie vitrée de 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond, beau parquet. Wc. À l'étage: d'un grand salon avec cuisine américaine toute équipée, une chambre parentale avec lit king size, aune chambre enfant, salle de bain, wc. Immeuble ultra sécurisé. Possibilité de couchage sur canapé pour une 6eme personne. Possibilité de faire un prix longue durée. Le calme et la solidarité entre résidents du quartier. Metro: Ligne 9 et ligne 1 Bus: 84, 26, 64 Non fumeur
20271	*L'appartement* Situé au dernier étage, au calme, lumineux, , il s'agit d'un 3 pièces de 49m2, idéal pour un couple, des amis ou personne seule, comprenant 2 chambres, un salon, une cuisine, et une salle de bain. Agent de Voyage, je vis en collocation avec un ami de longue date, Thibaut, web designer pour une entreprise sur Paris. Partant pour le week end, notre appartement est mise à votre disposition. Le linge de maison est fourni durant votre séjour (draps, serviettes de bain), et vous pourrez profiter du sèche cheveux laissé à votre disposition dans la salle de bain.  *Chambre avec lit modulable* Vous êtes seul ? laissez le lit innovant de chez Ikea en une place de 80cm de large afin de gagner de la place pour vos affaires dans la chambre, sinon tirez le tiroir du dessous, faites glisser le matelas, le lit se transforme en un grand lit 2 places très confortable.  Vous pourrez profitez (pour les filles) de ma grande coiffeuse dans la chambre pour vous préparez le matin, avec un gran	Bel appartement de 48m2 refait à neuf, situé dans le 19e arrondissement, au pied de la station Télégraphe. *L'appartement* Situé au dernier étage, au calme, lumineux, , il s'agit d'un 3 pièces de 49m2, idéal pour un couple, des amis ou personne seule, comprenant 2 chambres, un salon, une cuisine, et une salle de bain. Agent de Voyage, je vis en collocation avec un ami de longue date, Thibaut, web designer pour une entreprise sur Paris. Partant pour le week end, notre appartement est mise à votre disposition. Le linge de maison est fourni durant votre séjour (draps, serviettes de bain), et vous pourrez profiter du sèche cheveux laissé à votre disposition dans la salle de bain.  *Chambre avec lit modulable* Vous êtes seul ? laissez le lit innovant de chez Ikea en une place de 80cm de large afin de gagner de la place pour vos affaires dans la chambre, sinon tirez le tiroir du dessous, faites glisser le matelas, le lit se transforme en un grand lit 2 places très confortable.  Vous pourrez 
20272	"Agréable petit appartement à la frontière entre le 11ème et le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Situé quasi en face du métro ""Alexandre Dumas"", cet appartement vous offre à la fois une acceuille chaleureuse et très conviviale avec sa belle terasse amenagée, son salon Style New-yorkais, sa mignone petite salle de bain et son coin cuisine séparé.  L'appartement a un réel côté affectueux de par sa configuration et sa décoration.  Il se situe à quelques pas de la place Bastille et de la place Nation. De plus, l'appartement est quasiment collé au cimetière du Père LaChaise pour les personnes souhaitant visiter la tombe des grands Hommes. L'endroit est très tranquil et silencieux car la terrasse donne sur une grand cour intérieure, il n'y a pas de voisins sur la gauche, et l'immeuble en soit est très bonne famille (Idéal pour une bonne grâce matinée !)  En effet, contrairement à certains endroits dans Paris, ici vous n'entendrez aucun retentissement de clocher, de cris et bruits de foule en ba"	"Agréable petit appartement à la frontière entre le 11ème et le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Situé quasi en face du métro ""Alexandre Dumas"", cet appartement vous offre à la fois une acceuille chaleureuse et très conviviale avec sa belle terasse amenagée, son salon Style New-yorkais, sa mignone petite salle de bain et son coin cuisine séparé.  L'appartement a un réel côté affectueux de par sa configuration et sa décoration.  Il se situe à quelques pas de la place Bastille et de la place Nation. De plus, l'appartement est quasiment collé au cimetière du Père LaChaise pour les personnes souhaitant visiter la tombe des grands Hommes. L'endroit est très tranquil et silencieux car la terrasse donne sur une grand cour intérieure, il n'y a pas de voisins sur la gauche, et l'immeuble en soit est très bonne famille (Idéal pour une bonne grâce matinée !)  En effet, contrairement à certains endroits dans Paris, ici vous n'entendrez aucun retentissement de clocher, de cris et bruits de foule en ba"
20273	The apartment of 50m2 is very well situated for those who wish to be a little bit at high altitude and away from the pollution (approximately 80m), in the peace. For all that the district is alive and very inhabited. The apartment was recently completely repainted and reorganized, so that we can have two spaces rooms(chambers) and a space of stay there.	Just a step from Pere Lachaise, in quiet place, I rent punctually the chamber of my son. You can obviously have access to the cooking. I supply you sheets, towels, information and possible discussion!! The apartment of 50m2 is very well situated for those who wish to be a little bit at high altitude and away from the pollution (approximately 80m), in the peace. For all that the district is alive and very inhabited. The apartment was recently completely repainted and reorganized, so that we can have two spaces rooms(chambers) and a space of stay there. You reach the apartement by the subway Gambetta (line 3 Galiéni - Pont de levallois) or by buses (26, 69, 61 which comes from the gare d'austerlitz / gare de Lyon). Very good access transports because the appartment is has 1km of the door of Bagnolet, thus the ring road(peripheral) and the highways A86 and A3. To park in the street or the district is rather easy Acces from the Airport : TAXI : i a leaving near peripherique. So it's practi
20274	Nous louons une chambre pour une ou deux personnes dans le 20ème, place Gambetta, proche du Père-Lachaise. Pas loin de chez nous Jim Morrison veille sur le couple mythique Abélard et Heloïse dans le charme de la colline révolutionnaire du 20ème. L'appartement donne sur une rue calme et résidentielle et comporte en plus de la chambre louée, une seconde chambre occupée. Il est propre, chaleureux et bien agencé. Le quartier est cool, géographiquement stratégique, nombreuses brasseries, fromageries et magasins alternatifs à côte. Cependant chez nous la nuit il y a du silence!!!	Nous louons une chambre pour une ou deux personnes dans le 20ème, place Gambetta, proche du Père-Lachaise. Pas loin de chez nous Jim Morrison veille sur le couple mythique Abélard et Heloïse dans le charme de la colline révolutionnaire du 20ème. Nous louons une chambre pour une ou deux personnes dans le 20ème, place Gambetta, proche du Père-Lachaise. Pas loin de chez nous Jim Morrison veille sur le couple mythique Abélard et Heloïse dans le charme de la colline révolutionnaire du 20ème. L'appartement donne sur une rue calme et résidentielle et comporte en plus de la chambre louée, une seconde chambre occupée. Il est propre, chaleureux et bien agencé. Le quartier est cool, géographiquement stratégique, nombreuses brasseries, fromageries et magasins alternatifs à côte. Cependant chez nous la nuit il y a du silence!!!  Linge de lit et serviettes, WiFi, accès à la cuisine, sèche-cheveux, clés du château, lave linge et sèche linge.  Sur les deux chambres disponibles nous louons une chambre 
20275		"Beaux studio de 23m2 chaleureux et spacieux! Parquet ancien, cheminé et lit mezzanine. Peut loger 2 personnes voir un enfant, dans une rue tres calme, un quartier type: ""petit village parisien"" proche du parc de Belleville et des Buttes Chaumont."
20276	1min du métro Belleville. Rue ramponeau entouré de galerie d'art independante, nombreux restaurants bistrot bar à vin, à huitres...	Studio très bien situé, en plein coeur du quartier animé et éclectique de Belleville. Equipé d'une cuisine,douche,toilette, wifi inclus. Lit mezzanine+canapé-lit Petite terrasse privée. Studio fonds de 2ième cours, calme et arboré!    Charming & cosy studio in the heart of Belleville!  1min du métro Belleville. Rue ramponeau entouré de galerie d'art independante, nombreux restaurants bistrot bar à vin, à huitres... N'hésitez pas pour plus de renseignement ou question! Don't hesitate if you need more details, I'll be pleased to answer it ! Multiples restaurants et meilleur rapport qualité prix de Paris! Bars, club et salle de spectacle aux alentours. Cosy bars, excellent food restaurant and nice people! Métro 2 or Métro 11 Belleville
20277	Descriptif : — 1 grand salon / salle-à-manger ouvert (vue sur la terrasse) avec une banquette-lit 2 places très confortable, un bureau, internet HD + ecran plasma avec lecteur DVD + chaine stereo — 1 buanderie fermée avec lave-linge et séchoir — 1 cuisine toute équipée ouverte (avec vue sur la terrasse) — 1 chambre adulte avec lit 2 places — 1 WC — 1 salle-de-bains avec 2 lavabos et une baignoire — 1 chambre pour 2 enfants ou 1 adulte et 1 enfant, avec lit-mezzanine 1 place et 1 lit enfant (possibilité de rajouter un lit bébé).	"Belle maison de ville de 75m2+ terrasse de 11m2, située dans une cour privée. Idéal pour famille avec enfants. Maison en longueur très lumineuse et calme. 2 chambres+ salon(canapé-lit)+ terrasse (pergola)+ cuisine ouverte+ sdbain+ wc+ buanderie. Descriptif : — 1 grand salon / salle-à-manger ouvert (vue sur la terrasse) avec une banquette-lit 2 places très confortable, un bureau, internet HD + ecran plasma avec lecteur DVD + chaine stereo — 1 buanderie fermée avec lave-linge et séchoir — 1 cuisine toute équipée ouverte (avec vue sur la terrasse) — 1 chambre adulte avec lit 2 places — 1 WC — 1 salle-de-bains avec 2 lavabos et une baignoire — 1 chambre pour 2 enfants ou 1 adulte et 1 enfant, avec lit-mezzanine 1 place et 1 lit enfant (possibilité de rajouter un lit bébé). De nombreux commerces et restaurants de qualité à proximité (""Village Jourdain""). 5min à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont, 10 min à pied du cimetière Père Lachaise et 15min en métro direct pour Chatelet-les-Halles et le "
20278	L'appartement est très clair et haut de plafond. La chambre est agréable et le lit très confortable. Il y a de la place pour ranger vos affaires pendant votre séjour. La cuisine est équipée et il vous sera possible de cuisiner comme chez vous ou simplement d'y laisser vos affaires dans le frigo. Vous pourrez également y prendre votre petit déjeuner perchés sur de hauts tabourets en face de la fenêtre de la cuisine qui donne sur un très joli jardin fleuri. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire et très dynamique à proximité de petits bars et restaurants branchés. Il tout proche du parc de Belleville et de la terrasse O'Paris où l'on peut admirer la vue sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel.	Chambre décorée avec soin dans appartement très lumineux situé dans le quartier vivant et branché de Ménilmontant à Paris. L'appartement est tout proche du centre et très accessible en transports en commun. L'appartement est très clair et haut de plafond. La chambre est agréable et le lit très confortable. Il y a de la place pour ranger vos affaires pendant votre séjour. La cuisine est équipée et il vous sera possible de cuisiner comme chez vous ou simplement d'y laisser vos affaires dans le frigo. Vous pourrez également y prendre votre petit déjeuner perchés sur de hauts tabourets en face de la fenêtre de la cuisine qui donne sur un très joli jardin fleuri. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier populaire et très dynamique à proximité de petits bars et restaurants branchés. Il tout proche du parc de Belleville et de la terrasse O'Paris où l'on peut admirer la vue sur Paris et la Tour Eiffel.
20279	very bright flat with big windows 	quiet cosy bright flat 30M2 meters overlooking a beautiful garden  with mezzanine bed and sofa  for 1 ,2 or 3 people close to pere Lachaise cemetery and vincennes woods 2 rer stations away from Paris CHATELET metro lines 1-2-9 RER A Nation bus 57 very bright flat with big windows  wifi  plenty of information available about paris ,and neighborhood cosmopolitan safe neighborhhood all amenities  METRO line 1 2 9 RER A BUS 57
20280	Calme, élégant et reposant 	Appartement de 45m2 composé d'un grand séjour, d'une chambre en alcôve, une cuisine et une salle de bain avec baignoire. refait à neuf. Mobiler design Charles Eames, Marcel Breuer. Peinture d'art Moderne. À 5 stations du plein coeur de Paris. Calme, élégant et reposant 
20281	Urban style flat, very quiet with confortable bed, all equiped. You will feel like home. WIFI, fully equiped kitchen... When you will arrive, coffee, and french stuff to eat!	Welcome in my 40 m2 flat in the authentic Menilmontant. You will discover Père Lachaise at 5 min walk and the nice Belleville district where you will enjoy a nice view of Paris. All equiped, 2 metro stations, lot of shops! Urban style flat, very quiet with confortable bed, all equiped. You will feel like home. WIFI, fully equiped kitchen... When you will arrive, coffee, and french stuff to eat! Many shops all around, great nightlife at 5 min walking.  Metro: 2 lines at 3 minutes Bus As an experimented Airbnb user, I will make sure that your stay in my place will be perfect!
20282	appartement calme dans le 20eme, lumineux et spacieux	"Appartement Parisien T2, rénové en 2013, avec une chambre un salon et cuisine séparée, donnant sur une cours intérieure au calme. Je souhaite mettre à disposition mon appartement durant mes congés. Idéal pour couple souhaitant visiter Paris. Les draps sont en supplément.  Si vous le souhaitez je vous conseillerais sur les meilleurs endroits du quartier et de Paris Quartier populaire sans cesse en activités. Le quartier de ménilmontant avec sa rue "" oberkampf"" est idéale pour passer une bonne soirée nest quà 15 min à pied. Gambetta et ces restaurant à 5 min et le magnifique parc des Buttes chaumon ( incontournable) se trouve à 1,5 km.  Le métro le plus proche est Gambetta ( ligne 3) est à 6 min à pieds. En bus cest le 96 ou le 26 qui vous desservira le mieux arrêt "" Pyrénées-ménilmontant"".  Par la route il faut arriver par la porte de Bagnolet ou de la porte des Lilas pour être au plus rapide.  Les draps ne sont pas compris dans le budget. Je peux néanmoins vous en fournir en échange d'"
20283	Il est très bien situé dans l'est parisien au coeur d'un quartier bobo tranquille. 	"appart lumineux, proche de tous commerces, métro ligne 3,  près du Père Lachaise, Ménilmontant, belleville, buttes chaumont. idéal pour solo ou couple de passage pour découvrir la ville  au mois d'août. Fumeurs  s'abstenir. Il est très bien situé dans l'est parisien au coeur d'un quartier bobo tranquille. Proche du métro ligne 3 qui vous amène directement dans des stations phare de la capitale : république, Opéra, Père lachaise Je loue mon studio pendant les périodes de vacances scolaires.  Il faut donc le réserver assez en avance pour que je m'organise de mon côté! La rue sorbier et son café La Laverie, le ciné juste derrière, et le café Charlotte juste à côté très sympa aussi. remontez la rue des pyrénées et vous atteindrez Jourdain , c'est très chouette . Au bout de ma rue un peiti escalier style montmartre ""  vous amène au quartier st Blaise. La rue ramis et celle des rondeaux qui longent le cimetière du père lachaise sont agréables ligne 3  Gambetta Bus 26 et 64  arrêt Ramus Je lo"
20284	"Dans la ville (la plus belle du monde?) dans un immeuble de ""caractère"" sans être bourgeois et chambre au calme puisque sur cour intérieure."	"Un appartement (2 pièces) de 37 m² dans un bel immeuble parisien, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Cet appartement rénové en 2012 comporte une grande chambre sur cour avec placard et salle de douche, des WC séparés, et une cuisine ouverte sur le salon. Dans la ville (la plus belle du monde?) dans un immeuble de ""caractère"" sans être bourgeois et chambre au calme puisque sur cour intérieure. Accès au Wifi gratuit Transports, commerces (Monoprix, pharmacie, librairie...) brasseries et cafés, il y a tout au pied de l'immeuble. A 130m (2 minutes) du métro Avron, ligne 2 A 230m (3 minutes) du métro Nation, lignes 1/2/6/9 et RER A. Durée minimum de séjour: 1 semaine"
20285	Apartment 2 rooms very functional. Offering a true equipped kitchen and a bathroom with toilet.  Although it is in a fairly quiet street - sometimes animated by the danse room located in the front of the building - it is also equipped with double glazing windows. One bedroom with a large bed. Living room with a coach (for 2 persons), a desk, a table with chairs and an open kitchen.  The living room is fully equipped:  - Washing machine  - Large Fridge + freezer - Hi Fi Amplifier with 2 big speakers quality  - Flat screen high quality / 105 cm.  - Fiber optic Internet  - A Imac available  - Art Books + DVD	"Modern and bright 2 rooms 29m2, fully equipped, 2 sleeps. Located in a ""popular street"" close to the Parc de Belleville and Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Ideal for a couple. Recent building, secured with shops and transport nearby. Apartment 2 rooms very functional. Offering a true equipped kitchen and a bathroom with toilet.  Although it is in a fairly quiet street - sometimes animated by the danse room located in the front of the building - it is also equipped with double glazing windows. One bedroom with a large bed. Living room with a coach (for 2 persons), a desk, a table with chairs and an open kitchen.  The living room is fully equipped:  - Washing machine  - Large Fridge + freezer - Hi Fi Amplifier with 2 big speakers quality  - Flat screen high quality / 105 cm.  - Fiber optic Internet  - A Imac available  - Art Books + DVD All available SMS / Internet / Phone / Pigeon / Everything Belleville - Ménilmontant is a trendy area.   You'll find: - Many bars, shops and restaurants.  - Se"
20286	Our quiet flat is at the 2nd floor. The total surface is 65m² (700 ft²) and up to 4 adults and 1 children can stay : A sunny bedroom for 2 adults, A child bedroom with a double sofa bed and one big wood craddle, A livingroom, a small (but very optimized) kitchen and a bright bathroom (w/h bathtub and blue sky ahead).a small (but very optimized) kitchen and a bright bathroom (w/h bathtub and blue sky ahead).	At the crossroads of the upcoming and multicultural Menilmontant and the quiet sanctuary of Père Lachaise, welcome in the cheerful Rue Sorbier. If you want to experience a sense of REAL parisian living, you're just in the right place. Our quiet flat is at the 2nd floor. The total surface is 65m² (700 ft²) and up to 4 adults and 1 children can stay : A sunny bedroom for 2 adults, A child bedroom with a double sofa bed and one big wood craddle, A livingroom, a small (but very optimized) kitchen and a bright bathroom (w/h bathtub and blue sky ahead).a small (but very optimized) kitchen and a bright bathroom (w/h bathtub and blue sky ahead). - FULLY FITTED : Washing machine, Gas stove and oven, microwave, top-freezer fridge, coffee machine, small appliances including baby appliances, bedroom storage, towels and linens. - ALL INCLUSIVE : wi-fi access, HDTV with bluray, and land line (all domestic calls including cell phones, international calls to certain countries) - AND MORE (with extre f
20287	Grand 3 pièces très lumineux au 2ème étage (avec interphone) composé d'une entrée, d'un salon-salle à manger ouvert sur le bureau (canapé convertible 2 places) par deux grandes double-portes, une grande chambre avec la salle de douche attenante, une cuisine équipée et de toilettes séparées. Pour votre confort, l'appartement est pourvu d'un accès internet wifi haut débit, TV  écran plat, Lecteur DVD (+DVDs), chaîne hifi, Wii (+ jeux)... La cuisine est tout équipée (lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, micro-ondes, bouilloire, machine à café dosette, mini-four, etc ….).  Le linge de lit est fourni et un sèche-cheveux sera également à disposition. Large luminous 2-bedroom flat (2nd floor) composed of a hallway, a sitting/dining-room opened on a study (with a convertible sofa)  by two large closing doors, a large bedroom en-suite, a fully-equipped kitchen and separated toilets. For your comfort, the flat is provided with High-speed Wifi, flat-screen TV, Hifi, DVD player (+DVDs), Wii (+ games).	Charmant 3 pièces traversant tout confort (Wifi, TV, DVD, machine-à-laver...) de 52 m² qui peut accueillir 4 personnes. Situé dans une rue calme, nous sommes au coeur d'un quartier vivant et très agréable, proche de toutes les commodités et du métro. Grand 3 pièces très lumineux au 2ème étage (avec interphone) composé d'une entrée, d'un salon-salle à manger ouvert sur le bureau (canapé convertible 2 places) par deux grandes double-portes, une grande chambre avec la salle de douche attenante, une cuisine équipée et de toilettes séparées. Pour votre confort, l'appartement est pourvu d'un accès internet wifi haut débit, TV  écran plat, Lecteur DVD (+DVDs), chaîne hifi, Wii (+ jeux)... La cuisine est tout équipée (lave-vaisselle, machine à laver, micro-ondes, bouilloire, machine à café dosette, mini-four, etc ….).  Le linge de lit est fourni et un sèche-cheveux sera également à disposition. Large luminous 2-bedroom flat (2nd floor) composed of a hallway, a sitting/dining-room opened on a s
20288	This cosy private double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table,French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. There are also a laundry with washer and dryer and a small backyard. The house is closed to Pere Lachaise and Gambetta well known for its vibrant nightlife. Next to the house you'll find supermarkets, bakeries, pharmacy, butcher, restaurant, auto lib station, café...  Do	Welcome to this warm and cosy room in a shared house in central Paris, in this lively area that is Gambetta. Quiet, this bedroom well furnished will offers you all the confort you need. Its space and interior decor will please you for sure. This cosy private double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table,French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. There are also a laundry with 
20289		Appartement en RDC double exposition, terrasse privative, lumineux, salle à manger, salon, chambre, sdb, très agréable, TV, DVD, Internet métro Alexandre Dumas, Buzenval, à 7mn à pied du RER et métro Nation Idéal couple. Possibilité 2personnes sup
20290		Deux-pièces avec parquet et cheminées, accueillant et typique ! A 5 minutes du Père Lachaise, il peut accueillir quatre personnes. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, de sa proximité au métro (9 et 2) et de ses commerces au pied de l'immeuble.
20291	 Jolie chambre à Gambetta! PERIODE: juillet-décembre  À côté du metro Gambetta, chambre meublée dans une colocation à 5 sur deux étages, l'une pour la période juillet-septembre et l'autre pour la période octobre-décembre. La chambre sont en bon état, la coloc supersympa avec une fille française, une fille espagnole, un américain, un mec anglais. 3 toilettes à disposition dans l'appart. Super balcon avec vue sur une rue tranquille et calme. Wi-fi, machine à laver, etc. Proximité de beaucoup de commerces, bar, restaurants, etc. Période: juillet-septembre dans une chambre. Possibilité de prolongation jusqu'à décembre dans une autre chambre.  600€/mois deux mois minimum (email hidden)  (phone number hidden)	 Jolie chambre à Gambetta! PERIODE: juillet-décembre  À côté du metro Gambetta, chambre meublée dans une colocation à 5 sur deux étages, l'une pour la période juillet-septembre et l'autre pour la période octobre-décembre. La chambre sont en bon état, la coloc supersympa avec une fille française, une fille espagnole, un américain, un mec anglais. 3 toilettes à disposition dans l'appart. Super balcon avec vue sur une rue tranquille et calme. Wi-fi, machine à laver, etc. Proximité de beaucoup de commerces, bar, restaurants, etc. Période: juillet-septembre dans une chambre. Possibilité de prolongation jusqu'à décembre dans une autre chambre.  600€/mois deux mois minimum (email hidden)  (phone number hidden)
20292	"Charming studio, cozy and furnished in shades ""red opera"" convenient to create a calm and relax environment after a marathon day in Paris ! Studio in perfect condition with main room 160x200 bed, fitted wardrobe + plenty of storage. LCD TV 102cm + Freebox TV HD decoder, high speed internet available. Bathroom with bath and toilet. Separate fully equipped kitchen with oven + microwave + ceramic hob + fridge etc..  Private access by code + intercom. Caretaker available from Monday to Saturday.  Possibility of car park in basement (+ charge). Ideal for visiting Paris.  Ideally located in the 11th district of Paris, in the ""rue de Charonne"", the studio is located close to Voltaire / Bastille / Nation area. Enjoy visiting the cemetery of Père-Lachaise in 2 steps - 15 minutes walk away from Bastille and 10 minutes from the Place de la Nation. Many shops nearby, bakery around the corner and so on..."	"Charming studio, cozy and furnished in shades ""red opera"" convenient to create a calm and relax environment after a marathon day in Paris ! Studio in perfect condition with main room 160x200 bed, fitted wardrobe + plenty of storage. LCD TV 102cm + Freebox TV HD decoder, high speed internet available. Bathroom with bath and toilet. Separate fully equipped kitchen with oven + microwave + ceramic hob + fridge etc..  Private access by code + intercom. Caretaker available from Monday to Saturday.  Possibility of car park in basement (+ charge). Ideal for visiting Paris.  Ideally located in the 11th district of Paris, in the ""rue de Charonne"", the studio is located close to Voltaire / Bastille / Nation area. Enjoy visiting the cemetery of Père-Lachaise in 2 steps - 15 minutes walk away from Bastille and 10 minutes from the Place de la Nation. Many shops nearby, bakery around the corner and so on... Metro Line 9 ""Charonne""  Metro line 2 ""Alexandre-Dumas""  Bus # 76 to Bastille - Marais - Louvr"
20293	Quiet and equipped, 2 rooms, 32sqm on the 1st floor courtyard. Easily accessible , close to shops , subway and buses.	32m² 2room apartment on 1st floor courtyard , Gambetta metro. Wifi , kitchen , dishwasher and washing machine available . In a shopping street , 5 minutes walk from Père Lachaise, near Belleville and the Buttes Chaumont park. Quiet and equipped, 2 rooms, 32sqm on the 1st floor courtyard. Easily accessible , close to shops , subway and buses. Wifi , dishwasher and washing machine available . If I am available, I give you the keys directly , otherwise I arrange with a friend or I directly deposit the keys in the mailbox. At the heart of the 20th arrondissement of Paris, in a lively neighborhood , perfect for walks and 15 minutes from the heart of Paris by metro. Served by Line 3 ( Gambetta Station) and many buses The apartment is on the first floor , so is not very bright
20294	Light, spacious and elegant! The flat benefits from southern exposure. The heart of the house is the large open plan dining room–living room, flooded with light. This room has a wall of windows: double set of doors opening onto small balconies giving a beautiful view over the park. The flat is on the 5th floor, so at tree-level, with lots of sky and birds. Refinished wood floors, high ceilings with original moldings. Elegantly furnished with 1930s Cambodian art deco furniture in the living room, and a marble Knoll table in the dining room.  The roomy bedroom is on a quiet courtyard. There is a queen bed and lots of closet space. This is a pull-out sofa-bed, but is of very good quality, with a good mattress and mattress topper. The bathroom with bath/shower and window onto courtyard adjoins the bedroom. There is a washing machine in the bathroom. The kitchen is Parisian galley-style, set off the main room. Multifunction oven/microwave, dishwasher, appliances, utensils, dishes, etc: all 	Our 60m2 flat looks over a beautiful park near Place Gambetta. Large open plan dining–living flooded with light. Double doors-windows open onto small balconies. At tree-level, lots of sky and birds. Roomy bedroom on quiet courtyard. Queen bed. Light, spacious and elegant! The flat benefits from southern exposure. The heart of the house is the large open plan dining room–living room, flooded with light. This room has a wall of windows: double set of doors opening onto small balconies giving a beautiful view over the park. The flat is on the 5th floor, so at tree-level, with lots of sky and birds. Refinished wood floors, high ceilings with original moldings. Elegantly furnished with 1930s Cambodian art deco furniture in the living room, and a marble Knoll table in the dining room.  The roomy bedroom is on a quiet courtyard. There is a queen bed and lots of closet space. This is a pull-out sofa-bed, but is of very good quality, with a good mattress and mattress topper. The bathroom with b
20295		Salon avec coin cuisine, 2 chambres en mezzanines fermées avec baies vitrées. Idéal pour couple avec enfant. 1 lit 2 places et 1 lit enfant 1m60. Petite Salle de bain. Environ 45m2 au sol. 2ème et dernier étage, au calme sur cour. Echanges par téléphone à tout moment du séjour.
20296		Très agréable studio de 20m2 muni d'un balcon avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et le Sacré Coeur. Tout équipé et idéalement situé, l'appartement est au pied du métro 9 ! Idéal pour un séjour dans la tranquillité, il y a aussi un petit chat très mignon !
20297	Quiet and Sunny, last floor, 35 sq meters, clean and cosy. 1 bedroom (sheets furnished), fitted kitchen, bathroom (with towels), toilets, living room. Equipment: -Internet Wifi high-speed -TV and hifi system -Washing-machine -Piano and guitar Proximity: -Park Buttes Chaumont -6 minute-walk from Subway-Bus-tramway (République 10 min) -restaurants, shops, supermarkets (5 minutes) 2 nights minimum 	Quiet and Sunny, last floor, 35 sq meters, clean and cosy. 1 bedroom (sheets furnished), fitted kitchen, bathroom (with towels), toilets, living room. Equipment: -Internet Wifi high-speed -TV and hifi system -Washing-machine -Piano and guitar Proximity: -Park Buttes Chaumont -6 minute-walk from Subway-Bus-tramway (République 10 min) -restaurants, shops, supermarkets (5 minutes) 2 nights minimum 
20298	"The Flat is Near Père-Lachaise, in the 20th district of Paris. (metro Gambetta, rue Orfila 75020 Paris ) The area is really charming and quite, it's a very Parisian style, a lot of typical commerces really near by ( 1or 2 min per walk ) as Boulangerie, Fromagerie, Fruits & Vegetables shop, Boucherie ... with markets every 3 days. There's also really nice restaurants and brasseries ""Le Pinocchio"", cafés as ""l'Ours"", concert place : ""la Fleche d'or"" around. A movie theater ""Mk2"" and theater ""le théâtre de la Colline"" ... The place is provide with a garage if you need a place to park your car. The building is from 1960, with elevator. The flat is arrange with a nice corridor, where's the libraires are ; my living-room is really big and luminous, a kitchen with washing machine, hoven and all the equipements, a toilet, a bathroom, and the bedroom with a small room convert to a dressingroom. from the living-room and the bedroom you can access to the balcony, you can sit on it (there's fourni"	"The Flat is Near Père-Lachaise, in the 20th district of Paris. (metro Gambetta, rue Orfila 75020 Paris ) The area is really charming and quite, it's a very Parisian style, a lot of typical commerces really near by ( 1or 2 min per walk ) as Boulangerie, Fromagerie, Fruits & Vegetables shop, Boucherie ... with markets every 3 days. There's also really nice restaurants and brasseries ""Le Pinocchio"", cafés as ""l'Ours"", concert place : ""la Fleche d'or"" around. A movie theater ""Mk2"" and theater ""le théâtre de la Colline"" ... The place is provide with a garage if you need a place to park your car. The building is from 1960, with elevator. The flat is arrange with a nice corridor, where's the libraires are ; my living-room is really big and luminous, a kitchen with washing machine, hoven and all the equipements, a toilet, a bathroom, and the bedroom with a small room convert to a dressingroom. from the living-room and the bedroom you can access to the balcony, you can sit on it (there's fourni"
20299	Very charming, traditional (old parisian) flat. All renovated and painted in June 2011. Very quiet and very luminous.  41 m² (442 ft²) + a balcony (7m, 21 ft) 2 fireplaces, parquet and moulding.  The flat is equipped with a cable Tv, DVD player, and Internet (broadband Wifi)  A fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, oven (with microwave option), toaster, mixer, rice cooker, espresso machine, and everything to cook.  The living room is comfortable  : fireplace, big couch, armchair, coffee table, table, 4 chairs, desk, chair desk, sound system.  The bedroom : huge wardrobe, a double bed (dunlopillo bought in june 2012), bookcase, fireplace. All bed linen is provided as well as towels and a hairdryer. The bathroom : shower, WC, mirror, very clean.  A small room with the washing machine.  The most : a 7m balcony with a small table, 2 chairs and a lot of plants, with view on the Menilmontant's church. The - : The flat is on the 5th floor without lift.  The bedroom, living room and balcon	The flat is a typical old apartment with wood floor, fireplaces and moulding. It has been all renovated in 2010. Its confortable, extremely clear (double exposure) and calm (dead-end prohibited to cars)... In the trendy neighborhood of Menilmontant,  Very charming, traditional (old parisian) flat. All renovated and painted in June 2011. Very quiet and very luminous.  41 m² (442 ft²) + a balcony (7m, 21 ft) 2 fireplaces, parquet and moulding.  The flat is equipped with a cable Tv, DVD player, and Internet (broadband Wifi)  A fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, oven (with microwave option), toaster, mixer, rice cooker, espresso machine, and everything to cook.  The living room is comfortable  : fireplace, big couch, armchair, coffee table, table, 4 chairs, desk, chair desk, sound system.  The bedroom : huge wardrobe, a double bed (dunlopillo bought in june 2012), bookcase, fireplace. All bed linen is provided as well as towels and a hairdryer. The bathroom : shower, WC, mirror, ver
20300	This is a cosy 70 sq meters flat located in Paris center.  The flat is bright: it's in the 4 th floor with lift.  The neighborhood is quiet and on the other hand very close to trendy rue des Pyrénées and place Gambetta, filled with animated bars and restaurants.  Only 5 minutes walking distance from Gambetta tube station ; 5 minutes walking distance from the famous Père-Lachaise graveyard (Jim Morrison, Oscar Wilde...). Line 3 goes to Place de la République in 10 minutes, to Opéra in 20 minutes. Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord are 20 minutes away with a connection in République station (direct by bus).  Sleeps 5: there are 2 bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other one with one child's bed. There is one sofa-bed in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen: micro-wave, oven, toaster, juicer, coffee pot. Wifi included, washing machine, television, dvd. + Iron, vacuum-cleaner, hi-fi. The bathroom has got bath and shower. Hair dryer, sheets and towels provided. This is a great location as you	Nice flat in a true Parisian area, quiet building but at a walking distance of animated bars and restaurants, 15 minutes by tube from the Seine and Notre-Dame.  This is a cosy 70 sq meters flat located in Paris center.  The flat is bright: it's in the 4 th floor with lift.  The neighborhood is quiet and on the other hand very close to trendy rue des Pyrénées and place Gambetta, filled with animated bars and restaurants.  Only 5 minutes walking distance from Gambetta tube station ; 5 minutes walking distance from the famous Père-Lachaise graveyard (Jim Morrison, Oscar Wilde...). Line 3 goes to Place de la République in 10 minutes, to Opéra in 20 minutes. Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord are 20 minutes away with a connection in République station (direct by bus).  Sleeps 5: there are 2 bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other one with one child's bed. There is one sofa-bed in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen: micro-wave, oven, toaster, juicer, coffee pot. Wifi included, washing machi
20301	"30 m² Appartment in Really cool and quiet area in PARIS 20. Be really close to the heart of the city, but far from the noise in this sweat, cool and quiet appartment.  It s on the Ground floor, with a small ""garden"" in front of the window. There is the main room, with a double bed, a sofa, and a desk. There is a bathroom with... a bath; and there is kitchen fully equiped with everything to cook (fridge, gaz, pot, plates...) plus a washing machine. There is also (NEW!) internet in full access with wifi. It s in a lovely and very quiet area, 6 metro-stops from the extra extra center. There is a really good bakery and a supermarket open until 10pm at 100m far. and you can find everything else by walking 3 minutes.  There is a Park 3 min walk (""Parc de belleville"") where you can rest and enjoy one of the most beautiful view on the city. Note there is no TV. There are (good) speakers to listen music. The appartment is full equiped, with sheets, towels and everything. I changed in May the fl"	"30 m² Appartment in Really cool and quiet area in PARIS 20. Be really close to the heart of the city, but far from the noise in this sweat, cool and quiet appartment.  It s on the Ground floor, with a small ""garden"" in front of the window. There is the main room, with a double bed, a sofa, and a desk. There is a bathroom with... a bath; and there is kitchen fully equiped with everything to cook (fridge, gaz, pot, plates...) plus a washing machine. There is also (NEW!) internet in full access with wifi. It s in a lovely and very quiet area, 6 metro-stops from the extra extra center. There is a really good bakery and a supermarket open until 10pm at 100m far. and you can find everything else by walking 3 minutes.  There is a Park 3 min walk (""Parc de belleville"") where you can rest and enjoy one of the most beautiful view on the city. Note there is no TV. There are (good) speakers to listen music. The appartment is full equiped, with sheets, towels and everything. I changed in May the fl"
20302	Une piece confortable accompagnee d'une salle de cuisine et une salle de bain. 	Ceci est un appartement neuf , les travaux viennent de terminer . Il se situe dans un quartier qui est calme et beaucoup de boutiques se sont installees tout pres . Une piece confortable accompagnee d'une salle de cuisine et une salle de bain. Vous pouvez vous repose dans le bar qui est juste en bas du logement . Nous pouvons egalement vous fournir touts services necessaires ,par exemple: vous indiquez des lieux touristiques connus dans le monde entier. Le quartier est calme , la plus part des gens sont simpatiques . Des activites( Club ),une bibliotheque(Louise Michel) et des parcs( Square Sarah Bernhardt) se situent aux alentour . Effectivement des transports communs sont a proximites , vous avez les metros Nation ,Avron et Buzenval ,puis le bus 75 et enfin le tranmway du Montreuil. Beaucoup de boutique de la mode sont ouvertes a cotes , je pense que ceci est utile de vous l'annonce ,car vous pouvez profiter les solde et faire des boutiques .
20303		L'appartement est situé à proximité du métro Buzenval et à 10 minutes à pied de Nation. Proches commerces. L'appartement est lumineux et silencieux, il comporte deux chambres séparées, un salon de 16m², une cuisine et une salle de bain. 
20304	C'est un appartement de 27 m2 clair et calme. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon avec petit frigidaire, plaques chauffantes, four grill micro onde, toaster. Grand placard dans la chambre, accès internet, salle d'eau avec douche et wc, sèche-cheveux. Parquet et cheminée, le charme parisien.	Au calme donnant sur une cour pavée et arborée, typique de Paris. A proximité d'une rue très commerçante et animée, nombreux bars et restaurants cosmopolites, proche par les transports en commun de tous les lieux parisiens à visiter. C'est un appartement de 27 m2 clair et calme. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon avec petit frigidaire, plaques chauffantes, four grill micro onde, toaster. Grand placard dans la chambre, accès internet, salle d'eau avec douche et wc, sèche-cheveux. Parquet et cheminée, le charme parisien. Vous trouverez tous les commerces d'alimentation dans la rue et de nombreux bars et restaurants ouverts tard le soir. Les transports à votre disposition : - A 50m métro Buzenval, ligne 9 directe vers République, grands magasins du Bd Haussmann, Opéra, Champs Elysées - A 300m métro Avron, ligne 2 directe vers Montmartre et le Sacré Coeur, gare du Nord, place de l'Etoile - A 10mn à pied ou 1 station de Buzenval métro et RER Nation dir
20305	Ce studio typique des années 1930 de Paris est parfait pour deux personnes. Tout équipé, tout confort, très lumineux (6e étage avec ascenseur), il se situe a 10 minutes à pied des Buttes (website hidden) proximité avec le métro (5 min) vous permettra de profiter de toute la capitale.	Ce studio typique des années 1930 de Paris est parfait pour deux personnes. Tout équipé, tout confort, très lumineux (6e étage avec ascenseur), il se situe a 10 minutes à pied des Buttes (website hidden) proximité avec le métro (5 min) vous permettra de profiter de toute la capitale. Ce studio typique des années 1930 de Paris est parfait pour deux personnes. Tout équipé, tout confort, très lumineux (6e étage avec ascenseur), il se situe a 10 minutes à pied des Buttes (website hidden) proximité avec le métro (5 min) vous permettra de profiter de toute la capitale. Le logement est tout équipé en électroménager et en linge de maison. A noté qu'il n'y a pas internet. Le studio est entièrement remis aux voyageurs. En revanche, étant sur Paris, il m'est possible de partager du temps pour faire découvrir Paris à mes invités s'ils le souhaitent. Le 20ème arrondissement est un quartier très vivant a proximité des buttes Chaumont et du quartier de Belleville. L'appartement se trouve a 5 minutes 
20306	The accommodation combines clarity- quiet and scenic character of the area. It is functional. It is newly renovated and its furniture. It is hoped that its aesthetics and colors will appeal. Le logement combine à la fois clarté- calme et caractère pittoresque du quartier. Il est fonctionnel. Il est fraîchement rénové ainsi que son mobilier. On espère que son esthétique et ses couleurs  plairont.	Apartment 22 m2, fully renovated (April 2015), bright, quiet (double glazing), separate kitchen. separate toilet. WiFi and optical TVfibre. At the foot of Belleville Park.  Old Paris -Quiet & living - 15 minutes to the center. Close trade-bars-restos The accommodation combines clarity- quiet and scenic character of the area. It is functional. It is newly renovated and its furniture. It is hoped that its aesthetics and colors will appeal. Le logement combine à la fois clarté- calme et caractère pittoresque du quartier. Il est fonctionnel. Il est fraîchement rénové ainsi que son mobilier. On espère que son esthétique et ses couleurs  plairont. Interior housing - good equipment -Security -Ambient Exterior - shops -Animations -expos- concerts Intérieur au logement - bon équipement -Sécurité -ambiance Extérieur - commerces -animations -expos- concerts I live not far from the studio : 20mn. J habite non loin du studio: 20mn. The caracter of a village : quiet and  animous. Modern and traditio
20307	charming 2 bedroom with balcony, separate kitchen, living room and separate sleeping a couple and two children room. Very nice neighborhood with all amenities and well served by the metro and tram, 2 minutes from Place Gambetta, in a small quiet street in the 6th floor of a Haussmann building.	charming 2 bedroom with balcony, separate kitchen, living room and separate sleeping a couple and two children room. Very nice neighborhood with all amenities and well served by the metro and tram, 2 minutes from Place Gambetta, in a small quiet stre charming 2 bedroom with balcony, separate kitchen, living room and separate sleeping a couple and two children room. Very nice neighborhood with all amenities and well served by the metro and tram, 2 minutes from Place Gambetta, in a small quiet street in the 6th floor of a Haussmann building. Wifi and internet, electrical equipment. The linens are not provided . If you wish to have sheets available , it takes an additional charge of € 5 per person. I try as much as possible to be present at your arrival to give you the keys and presente places ... when it is not possible my boyfriend takes over with pleasure!Thank you all for your understanding:-)  Astrid The area is very nice, there are little shop, supermarket,  nice places to go for a 
20308	Logement atypique en duplex avec chambre et salle de bain privative à l'étage.	belle chambre privée de 13m2 très lumineuse (2 grande fenêtres) avec accès à salle de bains privative ( douche lavabo et wc) .  3 couchages possibles : 1 canapé lit très confortable et un lit une place. Proche du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Logement atypique en duplex avec chambre et salle de bain privative à l'étage. Seul la chambre et la salle de bain sont accessibles aux voyageurs. Pas de repas possibles dans la chambre. n'hésitez pas à nous demander pour tous renseignements. quartier cosmopolite et populaire . Assez proche du centre de Paris. A deux pas du cimetière du père lachaise. métro ligne 2 ménilmontant ou ligne 3 pére-lachaise Bus ligne 96 A 20mn de la gare de Lyon check in à partir de 15H ( possibilité de déposer valises avant ) check out avant 12H
20309	Our apartment is located 15 minutes away from Nation Place and 15/20 minutes away from Bastille and Republique by bus. We welcome you for your tourist or business stays, for a minimum period of 2 days. Comfortable flat with bedroom, living room/dining room, kitchen front of a big terrace where we appreciate having breakfast or dinner. You can chill on the terrace The apartment is located in a building with an elevator.  The neighborhood and the street is peaceful and we choose lots of shops and restaurants, and yet very near from the busy neighborhoods such as Bastille, Rue de Charonne, Rue de la Roquette and Le Marais, where you will find plenty of beautiful and typique, shops, and bars if you decide to go out.  We will be delighted to give you tips about our area! There are all accommodations : boulangerie, fruit&vegetable shop (on the street and on the Bagnolt street), and a supermarket.  The flat is situated in the trendy and alternative area of bagnolet area near a most popular ho	Our apartment is located 15 minutes away from Nation Place and 15/20 minutes away from Bastille and Republique by bus. We welcome you for your tourist or business stays, for a minimum period of 2 days. Comfortable flat with bedroom, living room/dining room, kitchen front of a big terrace where we appreciate having breakfast or dinner. You can chill on the terrace The apartment is located in a building with an elevator.  The neighborhood and the street is peaceful and we choose lots of shops and restaurants, and yet very near from the busy neighborhoods such as Bastille, Rue de Charonne, Rue de la Roquette and Le Marais, where you will find plenty of beautiful and typique, shops, and bars if you decide to go out.  We will be delighted to give you tips about our area! There are all accommodations : boulangerie, fruit&vegetable shop (on the street and on the Bagnolt street), and a supermarket.  The flat is situated in the trendy and alternative area of bagnolet area near a most popular ho
20310	My apartment is a cozy 50 sq. meter apartment, very quiet though located in the lively and typically Parisian neighborhood of Menilmontant (metro lines 2 and 3, bus 96), near the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It offers many nice cafés, bars and restaurants, and I will be happy to recommend some of my favorite places. Public transportation will take you to other neighborhoods like Le Marais (20 min), Quartier Latin (25 min) or Montmartre (20 min), but I often walk to these places myself. The apartment has a fully-equipped kitchen with a table where you can eat, a bedroom with a king-size double bed, a large living room with dining table and a large comfortable convertible couch, and a little balcony. Internet access including wifi is available. It is on the 4th floor, and the building has an elevator. It can host up to 4 people.	Nice and quiet apartment in a parisian neighborhood of Menilmontant (metro lines 2 and 3, bus 96), near the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It offers many nice cafés, bars and restaurants, and I will be happy to recommend some of my favorite places. My apartment is a cozy 50 sq. meter apartment, very quiet though located in the lively and typically Parisian neighborhood of Menilmontant (metro lines 2 and 3, bus 96), near the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. It offers many nice cafés, bars and restaurants, and I will be happy to recommend some of my favorite places. Public transportation will take you to other neighborhoods like Le Marais (20 min), Quartier Latin (25 min) or Montmartre (20 min), but I often walk to these places myself. The apartment has a fully-equipped kitchen with a table where you can eat, a bedroom with a king-size double bed, a large living room with dining table and a large comfortable convertible couch, and a little balcony. Internet access including wifi is availab
20311	Grand appartement typiquement parisien avec beau parquet dans un immeuble ancien. 4 chambres, un grand salon (avec beau piano noir) et salle à manger de 30 m2, 2 salles de bain avec baignoire et une avec douche. Une grande cuisine entièrement équipée et semi-ouverte sur le salon.  Lits bébés et jouets d'enfants à disposition.  Métro, restaurants et commerces de proximité ainsi que plusieurs grands supermarchés à moins de 2 minutes à pied !  Le centre de Paris (Marais, Notre Dame,...) à 15 minutes en bus ou métro.  Réponse rapide par e-mail ou téléphone, nous donnerons volontiers des conseils aux voyageurs.   Au coeur du vieux quartier parisien de Ménilmontant. A deux pas du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Proche de deux parcs : Belleville et Buttes-Chaumont. Quartier animé (Oberkampf) avec bars à 5 minutes à pied. Métro ligne2 (station Ménilmontant), bus 96. Stations Vélib et Autolib dans la rue. 	Grand appartement typiquement parisien avec beau parquet dans un immeuble ancien. 4 chambres, un grand salon (avec beau piano noir) et salle à manger de 30 m2, 2 salles de bain avec baignoire et une avec douche. Une grande cuisine entièrement équipée et semi-ouverte sur le salon.  Lits bébés et jouets d'enfants à disposition.  Métro, restaurants et commerces de proximité ainsi que plusieurs grands supermarchés à moins de 2 minutes à pied !  Le centre de Paris (Marais, Notre Dame,...) à 15 minutes en bus ou métro.  Réponse rapide par e-mail ou téléphone, nous donnerons volontiers des conseils aux voyageurs.   Au coeur du vieux quartier parisien de Ménilmontant. A deux pas du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Proche de deux parcs : Belleville et Buttes-Chaumont. Quartier animé (Oberkampf) avec bars à 5 minutes à pied. Métro ligne2 (station Ménilmontant), bus 96. Stations Vélib et Autolib dans la rue.  Nombreux supermarchés, restaurants et commerces à proximité. station de Métro à 3 minutes. Bu
20312	Appartement très bien agencé, avec une grande pièce à vivre avec un clic-clac, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une cuisine indépendante. Idéal pour 2 personnes. 	Appartement au calme ( vue sur cour) dans un quartier animé et artistique. Exposition plein sud. A deux min à pied du métro Ménilmontant. Nombreuses manifestations culturelles, bars et restaurants.  A 5 min à pied d'une très belle vue de Paris.     Appartement très bien agencé, avec une grande pièce à vivre avec un clic-clac, une salle de bain avec baignoire et une cuisine indépendante. Idéal pour 2 personnes. Très bien desservie, ligne 2, proche des grands axes et du centre de Paris (10min en bus de Chatelet).  Limitrophe avec le 11ème arrondissement ( à deux minutes de la rue Oberkampf). 19ème et 18 ème arrondissement.  Quartier animé, bars et restaurants très sympas. A deux minutes de la Belleviloise, du théâtre de Ménilmontant. Ligne 2 Ménilmontant Bus 96 Ménilmontant 3ème étage, sans ascenseur. 
20313	Big building built in 1960 The entrance of the builing is controlled with digital code and swipe card. The flat has 2 bolts. The studio has been completely redone in 2014, so it is as it looks like on the fotos.  It has a floor heating. The studio is composed with a private kitchen, a private bathroom, a sleeping room and a living room.  In the living room you'll find a table, 3 chairs, a carpet, a coffe table and a sofa bed. the bedroom is composed with a sofa bed, shelves, a bookcase, a carpet. In the kitchen you will find all the necessary for cooking ( pans, cookers, plates, glasses, coffee cups, tea pot etc).There is even the first necessity food ( oil, salt, pepper, sugar, coffee, tea, pasta,...). There are also a washing machine, a microwave, a regular oven, a breadmaker, fridge and freeezer, 4 cooking fires. The bathroom gets a bathtub, WC and a washbasin and of course you will have your sheets and towels,an iron, a clothesline etc ..	Flat of 37 m2, 2 rooms; modern, comfortable and all equipped. 12th floor with lift 4 South-West oriented windows: bright place! Stunning view on all Paris and especially Sacré Coeur and Eiffel Tour in a working-class district near all kinds of shops Big building built in 1960 The entrance of the builing is controlled with digital code and swipe card. The flat has 2 bolts. The studio has been completely redone in 2014, so it is as it looks like on the fotos.  It has a floor heating. The studio is composed with a private kitchen, a private bathroom, a sleeping room and a living room.  In the living room you'll find a table, 3 chairs, a carpet, a coffe table and a sofa bed. the bedroom is composed with a sofa bed, shelves, a bookcase, a carpet. In the kitchen you will find all the necessary for cooking ( pans, cookers, plates, glasses, coffee cups, tea pot etc).There is even the first necessity food ( oil, salt, pepper, sugar, coffee, tea, pasta,...). There are also a washing machine, a m
20314		Cette appartement est très spacieux et très lumineux, sans aucun vis à vis, il offre une vue magnifique sur un parc au cœur de Paris.   Très confortable, convivial vous pourrez y jouer du piano ou vous détendre dans son grand salon.
20315	A lot of objects at your disposition: Internet (optical fiber) - Speaker (Harman/kardon Soundsticks Wireless) - Computer (Macbook Pro 15' - take care of him) - iPad	"The most Parisian apartment in the most bobo area! Apartment of 35m² - very quiet in a no-through road I put at the disposition of my guests the entire flat, there is a door and a separation with the bedroom (you can see the plan in the photos), so you can have full intimacy if you are 4! You can access to the kitchen or to the toilets without disturbing the others guests! A lot of objects at your disposition: Internet (optical fiber) - Speaker (Harman/kardon Soundsticks Wireless) - Computer (Macbook Pro 15' - take care of him) - iPad The living Room - Bathroom - Kitchen - Toilets Yes I can help the guests! Very ""bobo"" area Metro line 2 Ménilmontant"
20316	This appartement is spacious, little loft, renovated, quiet, at the end of a court, oriented to south	    To rent a bed-room 12m2 south side,  in a flat 83m2 Paris XXème arrdt/in cohabitation-700€ par month, near metro Maraîchers 1 minute on foot - line 9 and from the tramway T2 porte de Montreuil and bus station-speak french, english, japanese This appartement is spacious, little loft, renovated, quiet, at the end of a court, oriented to south kitchen, bathroom, washing machine, bath/shower, wifi, bicycle, piano we are travel lovers, we enjoy welcoming travellers, and we have long experience of cohabitation in proximity :  morning markets, food shops, food of various countries, restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, organic products.... promenades : cemetery of père Lachaise, and bois de Vincennes... -métro maraîchers, line 9 -bus 57, 64, 26 -tramway T2 porte de Montreuil -bus 351 direction of airport Roissy/Charles de Gaulle we are a couple of French & Japanese - we have good knowlegde about history of Paris
20317	This charming apartment has just been renovated by an  interior designer, with comfortable and charming furniture.  The flat has a large balcony over looking a pretty parc, very appreciated after a busy trip in Paris ! 	New refurbished two rooms flat (60 Sqm), quiet and confortable fited with design furniture. It is placed on 6th Floor with elevator, close to Nation metro station and shops, in a very safe neighborhood. You will reach every Paris nice places easily. This charming apartment has just been renovated by an  interior designer, with comfortable and charming furniture.  The flat has a large balcony over looking a pretty parc, very appreciated after a busy trip in Paris !  60 sq m2 and independant flat with a big bedroom, kitchen, and bathroom. Very convenient flat with a nice dressing for clothes, fullly furnished kitchen (oven, coffeemachine and pots, dishwasher, rice cooker, etc...) . Washing machine and tumble-dryer.  King size and very confortable bed ! We live next door so it will be a pleasure to meet and talk with you. Our neighborhood is very quiet and safe. Also very convenient : 5 minutes to nation station (line 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A) that make possible  to reach touristic areas very qu
20318	Idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfant: un studio de 41 mètres carrés, calme et lumineux dans le ciel de Paris. Dernier étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur à Paris 20 °,  à deux pas  de Belleville et de Ménilmontant. Le studio se compose d'une grande  pièce à vivre orientée sud-ouest, d'une cuisine dans laquelle deux personnes peuvent manger et d'une vraie salle-de-bains avec baignoire. Les toilettes sont séparées. Il y a un canapé lit pour deux personnes, un lit pliant  pour une personne supplémentaire et un lit de bébé si nécessaire. Accès internet, TV, wi-fi et petit appareillage essentiel: fer à repasser, grille-pain, ventilateur, four électrique. Drap et linge de maison fournis. Code porte et interphone.  Gardien. Ascenseur. 	Studio de 41 m calme et lumineux, équipé de tout le nécessaire, situé à Paris 20 ème.  Cuisine, salle-de-bains et  toilettes sont séparés de la chambre-séjour. On peut y dormir à deux dans un grand canapé-lit, un lit pliant est à disposition pour une troisième personne. Si nécessaire, un lit de bébé est également à disposition. Tous commerces à proximité, plusieurs métro bus et tramway pour conduire dans le centre de la ville. Idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfant: un studio de 41 mètres carrés, calme et lumineux dans le ciel de Paris. Dernier étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur à Paris 20 °,  à deux pas  de Belleville et de Ménilmontant. Le studio se compose d'une grande  pièce à vivre orientée sud-ouest, d'une cuisine dans laquelle deux personnes peuvent manger et d'une vraie salle-de-bains avec baignoire. Les toilettes sont séparées. Il y a un canapé lit pour deux personnes, un lit pliant  pour une personne supplémentaire et un lit de bébé si nécessaire. Accès internet, TV, wi-fi 
20319		Joli studio de 21 m carré, pouvant accueillir 3 personnes. Il y a 2 lits convertibles (2 places, et 1 place) Bien équipé, le studio est très agréable et bien situé. Quartier très calme et proche de toutes les commodités nécessaires.
20320		Bright 45m2 apartment with double balcony (in the bedroom and in the living room). Full equiped kitchen and large bathroom with bath and wahing machine. Located in Nation Metro, with all the lines and close to many shops and restaurants.
20321	Totalement isolé des bruits de la ville, ici le silence est d’or !  Un grand salon avec cuisine américaine, un bureau en mezzanine, deux chambres (1 lit double et 2 lits gigognes), salle d’eau et salle de bain, 2 WC séparés, l’appartement est idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec deux enfants. Vous y trouverez tout le confort, y compris grand écran, Wifi gratuit…(draps, linge de toilette fournis) 	Après avoir gouté au bruit et à l’animation parisienne, venez retrouver le calme et le repos dans un appartement totalement atypique. Notre loft en triplex de 135m2 se situe dans un ancien relais de poste du XVIIIème siècle. Totalement isolé des bruits de la ville, ici le silence est d’or !  Un grand salon avec cuisine américaine, un bureau en mezzanine, deux chambres (1 lit double et 2 lits gigognes), salle d’eau et salle de bain, 2 WC séparés, l’appartement est idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec deux enfants. Vous y trouverez tout le confort, y compris grand écran, Wifi gratuit…(draps, linge de toilette fournis) Situé rue des Pyrénées à proximité immédiate de la station de métro Maraichers, le quartier est vivant et familial. Vous aurez toutes les commodités à quelques minutes à pieds : supermarchés (City Market, Franprix, Lidl…), boulangeries-pâtisseries, cafés, restaurants (Brasseries, Indien, Thaï), station de location de vélos Vélib... Les transports en commun sont nombreux et
20322	"My lovely house is perfect for a couple,it's in a super convenient for everything,with 2 line of subway and 5 bus which can take u to all the fames place in Paris and juste 5mins for my house. My lovely house is perfect for a couple,it's in a super convenient for everything,with 2 line of subway and 5 bus which can take u to all the fames place in Paris and juste 5mins for my house. Free to use the printer for ur plan ticket or anything u need for the trip(juste don't break it...) Also free to use washing machine and kitchen. I will ask for factional cleaner to clean my house every time a gusts leave,but still please keep the house clean and through out the garbage every day. Have to change shoes when you come back home. 1.Juste a CAN NOT MISS ""Pere lachaise"" of Paris in 6mins walk!!!LA CHANCE! 2.Up north 10mins walk --->French bar street! 3.French vintage flea market just downstairs once per month! 5mins walk for 2 subway line and 5 bus line! And cheap bicycle rent! Oh I have a cat,so"	My lovely house is perfect for a couple,it's in a super convenient for everything,with 2 line of subway and 5 bus which can take u to all the fames place in Paris and juste 5mins for my house.
20323	Charming spacious apartment/loft with a beautiful view on a small alley (with no cars), trees, plants and the roofs of Paris. Situated  in the rather central “Oberkampf/Ménilmontant area (20th district, 2 minutes walk from Ménilmontant Station (line 2), 8 minutes walk from Rue Saint-Maur Station (line 3), 8 minutes walk from Père Lachaise cimetery, and last but not least : a big supermarket next door closing at 10pm). The apartment has high ceilings with exposed beam, ancient floor tiles, and a nice bedroom on the mezzanine upstairs. The loft like apartment is situated on the 5th floor (no elevator), is very light and quiet. The whole space just underwent a complete renovation.  The kitchen and bathroom with a small bathtub are both fully equipped. Many bohemian bars in the area around. It is perfect for couples, style lovers and single travellers that look for a unique and authentic place. * High Speed Wifi  * Clean linen and towels provided 	Charming spacious apartment/loft with a beautiful view on a small alley (with no cars), trees, plants and the roofs of Paris. Situated  in the rather central “Oberkampf/Ménilmontant area (20th district, 2 minutes walk from Ménilmontant Station (line 2), 8 minutes walk from Rue Saint-Maur Station (line 3), 8 minutes walk from Père Lachaise cimetery, and last but not least : a big supermarket next door closing at 10pm). The apartment has high ceilings with exposed beam, ancient floor tiles, and a nice bedroom on the mezzanine upstairs. The loft like apartment is situated on the 5th floor (no elevator), is very light and quiet. The whole space just underwent a complete renovation.  The kitchen and bathroom with a small bathtub are both fully equipped. Many bohemian bars in the area around. It is perfect for couples, style lovers and single travellers that look for a unique and authentic place. * High Speed Wifi  * Clean linen and towels provided 
20324	The aptmt is surrounded by trees and plants as traffic is forbidden in the street. The aptmt has a dishwasher, Air Conditioning both down and upstairs. The place is located 2 mn from the famous graves of Jim Morrison, Oscar Wilde, Zavatta or Rossini in the touristy Pere Lachaise cemetery.	Nice 100M2 duplex with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a balcony. The street is very quiet as cars are only allowed for residents to park underground. The aptmt is 5mn away from Le Marais and 20mn away from Champs Elysees with direct metro. The aptmt is surrounded by trees and plants as traffic is forbidden in the street. The aptmt has a dishwasher, Air Conditioning both down and upstairs. The place is located 2 mn from the famous graves of Jim Morrison, Oscar Wilde, Zavatta or Rossini in the touristy Pere Lachaise cemetery.
20325	50 SQM bright appartment close to main public transportation and shops in the Nation area. There are 2 beds in separate rooms. Accomodate 4 persons very comfortable. The appartment is in quiet courtyard with a balcony.  The flat is on the 3 rd floor. The flat is very bright and sunny, south and west exposed. You will find an Internet connection WIFI at your disposal. The apartment is very clean, with a kitchen fully equipped (a fridge, cooktop, an oven, a micro-wave oven, a coffee machine, a frizzer, etc...) The bathroom is composed by a shower, a wash basin and the toilets. The apartment is in the nation neighborhood with very connected networks. You will find a lot of cool restaurants. Metro stations : Line 9 or Buzenval Nation. You will find just in front of the flat all types of shops you can need (supermarkets, bakery, butcher's shop, pharmacy, etc...) I will be very happy to see you soon in Paris. 	50 SQM bright appartment close to main public transportation and shops in the Nation area. There are 2 beds in separate rooms. Accomodate 4 persons very comfortable. The appartment is in quiet courtyard with a balcony.  The flat is on the 3 rd floor. The flat is very bright and sunny, south and west exposed. You will find an Internet connection WIFI at your disposal. The apartment is very clean, with a kitchen fully equipped (a fridge, cooktop, an oven, a micro-wave oven, a coffee machine, a frizzer, etc...) The bathroom is composed by a shower, a wash basin and the toilets. The apartment is in the nation neighborhood with very connected networks. You will find a lot of cool restaurants. Metro stations : Line 9 or Buzenval Nation. You will find just in front of the flat all types of shops you can need (supermarkets, bakery, butcher's shop, pharmacy, etc...) I will be very happy to see you soon in Paris. 
20326		Proximité ligne de métro et commerce  beau studio aménagé de 20 m2  idéal pour découvrir la capitale convient à couple avec enfants maximun 3 adultes le 20e se distingue par la richesse de sa vie culturelle à laquelle participe une importante communauté d'artistes (ateliers de Belleville, du Père-Lachaise et de Ménilmontant), ainsi que les nombreux théâtres et associations. De ses racines faubouriennes, l'arrondissement tire en outre un esprit de village. Nombreux restaurants et commerce à proximité+ supermarché à 50m. Marché place de la réunion. proximité station LES MARAICHERS Ligne 9(direct Champs Elysées et Grands Magasins (LE PRINTEMPS et GALERIE LAFAYETTE) + ligne de Bus 
20327	During my absence, I offer my apartment for rent. The apartment consists of: - 2 large separate bedrooms 35 m2 of living - Bathroom with bath and shower (Pere Lachaise view) - Kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, blender, juicer, Nespresso coffee machine, etc) - Parquet floor - Furniture and Art Nouveau design - Wifi (TV, printer) - Secure building (guard, intercom) - Lift - Easy parking in the car or 2 wheels. - Velib and Autolib less than 200m - Views on each monument in Paris (Eiffel Tower, Sacre Coeur, Notre Dame, Beaubourg (Pompidou Museum), the Montparnasse Tower, defense, etc.) 5 mins from the Gare de Lyon, the Marais or the Republic Square, or 15 minutes from Montmartre, the Underground (2 and 3), taxis, buses and shops (bakery, butcher, cheese, supermarket, pharmacy and the café terraces) on the opposite sidewalk. Pere Lachaise Cemetery is glued to the building. Smoking allowed. Ideal family. Possibility of a 5th sleeping on the couch is very comfor	In my absence, I propose in my apartment lease. 2 lovely bedrooms, large lounge, kitchen and bathroom with shower / bath tub. Neat & fully equipped apartment. Wifi. Charming neighborhood with shops, subway, buses, Velib, Autolib.  During my absence, I offer my apartment for rent. The apartment consists of: - 2 large separate bedrooms 35 m2 of living - Bathroom with bath and shower (Pere Lachaise view) - Kitchen with dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, blender, juicer, Nespresso coffee machine, etc) - Parquet floor - Furniture and Art Nouveau design - Wifi (TV, printer) - Secure building (guard, intercom) - Lift - Easy parking in the car or 2 wheels. - Velib and Autolib less than 200m - Views on each monument in Paris (Eiffel Tower, Sacre Coeur, Notre Dame, Beaubourg (Pompidou Museum), the Montparnasse Tower, defense, etc.) 5 mins from the Gare de Lyon, the Marais or the Republic Square, or 15 minutes from Montmartre, the Underground (2 and 3), taxis, buses and shops (ba
20328	le logement est situé dans le sud ouest parisien Métro, bus  et toutes commodités sont à proximité avec en bas de l'immeuble une superette francprix !! possibilité d'accueillir 2 voyageurs de plus, le canapé étant convertible en lit 2 places L'appartement est équipé d'Internet fibre (100 mo/s ) en wifi et aussi en filaire, connection  possible dans le salon et dans la chambre via câble RJ45 fourni. 120 chaînes TV dont canal +, canal+ cinéma, canal + sport, canal+ décalé, canal plus séries, canal+ à la demande. Téléphone illimité gratuit sur Tous les fixes et mobiles en France et quelques destinations à l'étranger.	"Appartement 2 pièces M°père Lachaise 3eme étage, ascenseur, 2 portes digicode 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et WC 1 séjour 1 chambre lit double 140  Equipé internet,TV,HIFI, téléphone, PS3, four grill, micro ondes, lave linge Chauffage collectif le logement est situé dans le sud ouest parisien Métro, bus  et toutes commodités sont à proximité avec en bas de l'immeuble une superette francprix !! possibilité d'accueillir 2 voyageurs de plus, le canapé étant convertible en lit 2 places L'appartement est équipé d'Internet fibre (100 mo/s ) en wifi et aussi en filaire, connection  possible dans le salon et dans la chambre via câble RJ45 fourni. 120 chaînes TV dont canal +, canal+ cinéma, canal + sport, canal+ décalé, canal plus séries, canal+ à la demande. Téléphone illimité gratuit sur Tous les fixes et mobiles en France et quelques destinations à l'étranger. par le métro Station ""Père lachaise"" ligen 2 et 3 Bus : arrêt ""Ausguste Metivier"" ligne 61 et 69"
20329	Situé au 4° étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, cet appartement possède toutes les qualités et le charme de l'Haussmanien, parquet, moulures, grandes fenêtres... Il est composé d'un séjour, d'une grande chambre, d'une cuisine toute équipée et d'une salle d'eau avec sanitaires. Idéal pour un week-end romantique ou un séjour festif entre amis, vous pourrez profiter des quatre couchages proposés, un lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé convertible deux places dans le séjour.  La cuisine équipée est à votre disposition, frigo, plaques, four combiné, machine à café Nespresso, plancha, ainsi que les produits de base.	Ce charmant deux pièces de 32m2, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes et situé en plein coeur du 20° arrondissement saura vous faire apprécier votre séjour à Paris. Situé au 4° étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, cet appartement possède toutes les qualités et le charme de l'Haussmanien, parquet, moulures, grandes fenêtres... Il est composé d'un séjour, d'une grande chambre, d'une cuisine toute équipée et d'une salle d'eau avec sanitaires. Idéal pour un week-end romantique ou un séjour festif entre amis, vous pourrez profiter des quatre couchages proposés, un lit deux places dans la chambre et un canapé convertible deux places dans le séjour.  La cuisine équipée est à votre disposition, frigo, plaques, four combiné, machine à café Nespresso, plancha, ainsi que les produits de base. L'appartement est idéalement situé pour profiter pleinement de la capitale. A deux pas du cimetière du Père Lachaise, il est aussi proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du parc de Belleville et surtout 
20330		Deux pièces coquet dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du métro ligne 9, proche Nation. Petite cuisine et salle de bain dans un décor charmant. Le métro au bout de la rue, a 200m
20331	> Ideal for a single person or young couple. The apartment is part of a quiet and pleasant residence, which is secured by several access codes at the different entrances.  The studio is located on the 1st floor of a building which has 6 floors, with elevator. The apartment has a living room with a small kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet. The studio flat is presented in two parts: the left side of the room with a sofa bed for 2 people (160 x 200 cm), a large cupboard and a TV with many international channels, PlayStation3 and a hi-fi system (that you can connect to your Ipad, MacBook, Iphone by Bluetooth).  On the other side, the kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, induction plates, a washer-dryer machine, tea kettle, a Nespresso coffee machine, a juicer, a toaster and a fridge with small freezer.  A high table with two chairs provide a space to take meals in front of a large window overlooking a which is very quiet.  A place to park a car is also available in the 	> Ideal for a single person or young couple. The apartment is part of a quiet and pleasant residence, which is secured by several access codes at the different entrances.  The studio is located on the 1st floor of a building which has 6 floors, with elevator. The apartment has a living room with a small kitchen and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet. The studio flat is presented in two parts: the left side of the room with a sofa bed for 2 people (160 x 200 cm), a large cupboard and a TV with many international channels, PlayStation3 and a hi-fi system (that you can connect to your Ipad, MacBook, Iphone by Bluetooth).  On the other side, the kitchen is equipped with a microwave oven, induction plates, a washer-dryer machine, tea kettle, a Nespresso coffee machine, a juicer, a toaster and a fridge with small freezer.  A high table with two chairs provide a space to take meals in front of a large window overlooking a which is very quiet.  A place to park a car is also available in the 
20332	Very bright and nice deco, close to metro station and bus that take you in the center of the city in 15 min. Private terrace to dine or lunchon when it is sunny. A lot of nice french and good quality price bistrots nearby as well as a pharmacy, various supermarkets, bakery... Situated on a spacious square where you enjoy a nice market on thursdays and sundays. Quiet apartment and nice neighbourhood.  	Spring and summer weekends or holidays in a spacious loft with a 45m2 terrace you can enjoy after sightseeing. Friendly quiet and trendy location close to tube, busses, and cool bistros. 25 min to the center. Perfect for your summer stay. Very bright and nice deco, close to metro station and bus that take you in the center of the city in 15 min. Private terrace to dine or lunchon when it is sunny. A lot of nice french and good quality price bistrots nearby as well as a pharmacy, various supermarkets, bakery... Situated on a spacious square where you enjoy a nice market on thursdays and sundays. Quiet apartment and nice neighbourhood.   Upon arrival I show you around the apartment, give you the wifi code, and let you know about the cool spots in our neighbourhood.  Super ambiance. Up coming arty quartier. Rue de Bagnolet is 3 min walk and has good all the little food and wine store you need. Nice café and bistrots de quartier. Metro  Ligne 2 Alexandre Dumas Ligne 9 Bagnolet Bus very wel
20333	Logement très agréable à vivre, proche de beaucoup de commodités. 6 personnes peuvent y dormir, 2 lits 2 places ainsi qu'un clic-clac sont à disposition.	Appartement dans un quartier très calme, une grande terrasse à disposition et 2 chambres séparées, pièces lumineuses et agréables. Appartment located in a very calm area, a terrace and 2 separated bedrooms, bright and  pleasant rooms. Logement très agréable à vivre, proche de beaucoup de commodités. 6 personnes peuvent y dormir, 2 lits 2 places ainsi qu'un clic-clac sont à disposition. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour plus d'informations
20334		Agréable deux pièces, vue sur un petit parc. Situé à Gambetta, rue de la Bidassoa à 5min de la Bellevilloise. Métro Gambetta ligne 3, 3bis et Ménilmontant ligne 2 (à 10min), plusieurs bus à proximité. Deuxième étage sans ascenseur.
20335	Appartement moderne aux poutres apparentes se situe dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement de 33m² est au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Grand séjour, une chambre, salle de bain attenante. WC séparés avec accès depuis l'entrée. L'appartement peut accueillir un maximum de 4 personnes. L'ensemble de l'électroménager ainsi que la télévision sont à votre disposition. Je ne serais pas présent. La rue des Pyrénée est très agréable et il y a de nombreux commerces a proximité. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont est proche. L'appartement est accessible via les bus 96 et 26 ainsi que la ligne 3  L'ensemble de l'électroménager ainsi que la télévision sont à votre disposition. Je ne serais pas présent. La rue des Pyrénée est très agréable et il y a de nombreux commerces a proximité. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont est proche. L'appartement est accessible via les bus 96 et 26 ainsi que la ligne 3  L'ensemble de l'électroménager ainsi que la télévision sont à votre disposition. Je ne serais pas prése	Appartement moderne aux poutres apparentes se situe dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement de 33m² est au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Grand séjour, une chambre, salle de bain attenante. WC séparés. Paris Tour Eiffel Père Lachaise Buttes Chaumont Appartement moderne aux poutres apparentes se situe dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement de 33m² est au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Grand séjour, une chambre, salle de bain attenante. WC séparés avec accès depuis l'entrée. L'appartement peut accueillir un maximum de 4 personnes. L'ensemble de l'électroménager ainsi que la télévision sont à votre disposition. Je ne serais pas présent. La rue des Pyrénée est très agréable et il y a de nombreux commerces a proximité. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont est proche. L'appartement est accessible via les bus 96 et 26 ainsi que la ligne 3  L'ensemble de l'électroménager ainsi que la télévision sont à votre disposition. Je ne serais pas présent. La rue des Pyrénée est très agréable e
20336		Appartement au 10ème étage d'un immeuble, superbe vue, très lumineux, refait à neuf récemment par des architectes, parfait pour un couple avec possibilité de 2 couchages supplémentaires sur canapé lit. Proche métro 9 et 2, proche de la Nation.
20337	Venez découvrir ce grand appartement de deux pièces, d'une surface de 70m2, situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'un petit immeuble parisien. Il est situé dans le 20e arrondissement, proche notamment du Père Lachaise, de Nation, ainsi que du 11è et de ses multiples lieux de sorties. Le métro accessible au pied de l'immeuble dessert plusieurs quartiers touristiques de la ville.	Spacieux, moderne et confortable, vous serez séduits par la luminosité et la sérénité de cet appartement. Venez découvrir ce grand appartement de deux pièces, d'une surface de 70m2, situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'un petit immeuble parisien. Il est situé dans le 20e arrondissement, proche notamment du Père Lachaise, de Nation, ainsi que du 11è et de ses multiples lieux de sorties. Le métro accessible au pied de l'immeuble dessert plusieurs quartiers touristiques de la ville. Dans l'appartement sur place, vous trouverez : - un agréable séjour/salle à manger doté d'un grand canapé/lit 160x200, d'une table à manger extensible, et d'un ensemble TV/Hifi/PC disposant d'internet (BeinSport) - une cuisine toute équipée (grand frigo congélateur, 4 plaques vitro, four électrique, four micro-ondes, bouilloire, grille pain, broyeur à glaçons pour vos cocktails, friteuse, ustensiles…) - une chambre avec un lit 140x190 - une salle de bain avec baignoire - un WC séparé - un grand balcon exposé à
20338	Calm and cosy flat overlooking a large courtyard with a lot of vegetation. Our flat is the perfect space to rest after an intensive day visiting Paris..!	"We are welcome you in our calm and cosy flat in the heart of Gambetta / Menilmontant area. 5 minutes from Pere Lachaise cemetery, 20 min walk from Buttes Chaumont park. Secure building with two courtyard where kids can play safely. Calm and cosy flat overlooking a large courtyard with a lot of vegetation. Our flat is the perfect space to rest after an intensive day visiting Paris..! Our guest have access to a private parking space in the building, internet, computor and all in house facilities (washing & drying machines, ...) We are available to provide our guests all the information needed to make their stay unforgetable. We love our neighbourhood for its ""village"" atmosphere. You can easily get to our apartment with subway and buses. You can also rent a bike with Velib (many stations around our street)."
20339		Available from 1/08 to 23/08 The flat is nice with a real charming living room where books and lights help to make a really nice atmosphere.  Quiet, the flat is in the charming 20th area. Cosmopolitan and typical district of Paris. A deux minutes de la station de métro Porte de Bagnolet et cinq minutes de Gambetta. Le quartier est cosmopolite avec tous les commerces à proximité et des bars sympas. C'est également un quartier typiquement parisien avec la campagne  à Paris à 1 minute à pied de l'appartement.
20340	The apartment is located in the area of Menilmontant – Oberkampf (subway lines 2 and 3). The neighborhood is very nice, with a lot of restaurants, bars, parks… and is 20-30 minutes walking distance to Le Marais, Bastille or Republique. And you'll be in the Pere Lachaise cemetery in 3mn walking! By subway, you are for example 20 minutes away from Montmartre, the Louvre, Saint Germain des Pres ...) This very charming place is a one bedroom apartment of 40 square meters  / 430.55 square feet, very luminous, it compromises of one bedroom, a living room, open kitchen/ dinning room and bathroom. The bedroom is facing the courtyard so it’s very quiet. It’s located on the 4th and top floor (no elevator), so you don't have any neighbors above. The flat has all the commodities: internet, FREE calls to EUROPE and USA (landline), washing machine / dishwasher / bathtub. Everything your need for a comfortable, charming and typically Parisian stay…	The apartment is located in the area of Menilmontant – Oberkampf (subway lines 2 and 3). The neighborhood is very nice, with a lot of restaurants, bars, parks… and is 20-30 minutes walking distance to Le Marais, Bastille or Republique. And you'll be in the Pere Lachaise cemetery in 3mn walking! By subway, you are for example 20 minutes away from Montmartre, the Louvre, Saint Germain des Pres ...) This very charming place is a one bedroom apartment of 40 square meters  / 430.55 square feet, very luminous, it compromises of one bedroom, a living room, open kitchen/ dinning room and bathroom. The bedroom is facing the courtyard so it’s very quiet. It’s located on the 4th and top floor (no elevator), so you don't have any neighbors above. The flat has all the commodities: internet, FREE calls to EUROPE and USA (landline), washing machine / dishwasher / bathtub. Everything your need for a comfortable, charming and typically Parisian stay… Possibility to host 2 more people with an air mattre
20341	Situated in the Menilmontant and Buttes Chaumont area, this 90sqm flat would be perfect for a family or two couples with children.  It's typically Parisian in architecture and style and will make you feel the french life style. The apartment comprises two bedrooms and a living room, a well equipped kitchen and a bathroom.   It's a very peaceful place (the flat had almost no neighbors), and very comfy and cosy. There are two bedrooms: one with a king-size bed and excellent mattress; one with a single bed and a baby bed. Remove the cushions and the living-room sofa is also a 120X200cm bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, micro-wave, dishwasher and a table for 4-5 persons. The bathroom has both a bath and a walk-in-shower, as well as a washing machine and dryer. We also provide high-speed wifi, a hifi system and cable TV on a large flat-screen. There are some very cool music bars close by; some great shops (particularly those selling local French products: cheese, wines and me	Grand appartement (90m2) typiquement parisien, avec 2 chambres, salon, grande cuisine et salle de bain. Dans le quartier atypique et commerçant du 20eme arrondissement. Beaucoup de charme, tout confort et de très bon standing.  Situated in the Menilmontant and Buttes Chaumont area, this 90sqm flat would be perfect for a family or two couples with children.  It's typically Parisian in architecture and style and will make you feel the french life style. The apartment comprises two bedrooms and a living room, a well equipped kitchen and a bathroom.   It's a very peaceful place (the flat had almost no neighbors), and very comfy and cosy. There are two bedrooms: one with a king-size bed and excellent mattress; one with a single bed and a baby bed. Remove the cushions and the living-room sofa is also a 120X200cm bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, micro-wave, dishwasher and a table for 4-5 persons. The bathroom has both a bath and a walk-in-shower, as well as a washing machine a
20342	Cosy aparment for 2 people. 5 minutes away from the Père Lachaise cemetery. Near many shops, theatres, concert halls ... Fully furnished kitchen, fridge, freezer, stove, big table. Very big and comfortable bed. Furnished bathroom and wifi internet.	This cosy apt is ideally located, in the heart of Montmartre, just a few steps from Place des Abbesses : lively, atypical and historical neighborhood of Paris. Large and comfortable bed, fully-furnished kitchen and beautiful bathroom. See you soon !
20343	Welcome in one of the most amazing neighborhoods in the city. The district of melnilmontant offers a truly parisian experience, less touristy than the common places, you’ll surely be charmed by its vibrant atmosphere… A lovely apartment, with wooden floors, perfectly located in the 20th arrondissement, you’ll at the top floor offering a 2 sunny windows with a view on the rooftops, very quiet. The living room has a comfortable sofa, coffee table, and dining table. The bedroom is spacy and homes the super soft, ultra comfortable bed, you will love it. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, oven, stove (4 burners), italian coffee machine, a washing machine… All kitchen utensils and cookware included. The bathroom is clean and functionnal. Towels included. You have bakeries, groceries at the door. Very close from many nice restaurants and bars. 	Fully-equipped charming apartment in the heart of Paris, at the feet of the hill of menilmontant. 10 minutes walk from the peaceful Pere Lachaise Cemetery, the Parc de Belleville and the beautiful parc des Buttes Chaumont. Welcome in one of the most amazing neighborhoods in the city. The district of melnilmontant offers a truly parisian experience, less touristy than the common places, you’ll surely be charmed by its vibrant atmosphere… A lovely apartment, with wooden floors, perfectly located in the 20th arrondissement, you’ll at the top floor offering a 2 sunny windows with a view on the rooftops, very quiet. The living room has a comfortable sofa, coffee table, and dining table. The bedroom is spacy and homes the super soft, ultra comfortable bed, you will love it. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, oven, stove (4 burners), italian coffee machine, a washing machine… All kitchen utensils and cookware included. The bathroom is clean and functionnal. Towels included. You have
20344	Appartement typiquement parisien : moulure, parquet. Aménagé d'objets chinés. Nous y habitons à 2, moi et ma fille.  Il y a donc 1 chambre parentale équipée d'un lit de 160 et une chambre avec un lit enfant de 90 (pouvant accueillir un adulte). Dans le salon, se trouvent un canapé lit de 120 ainsi qu'une liseuse équivalent à un lit de 90.  Nb : nous avons également un chat de 15 ans, très câlin ! Il peut rester dans l'appartement ou être hébergé si cela vous gêne.	Appart chaleureux et familial pouvant accueillir confortablement jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Appartement typiquement parisien : moulure, parquet. Aménagé d'objets chinés. Nous y habitons à 2, moi et ma fille.  Il y a donc 1 chambre parentale équipée d'un lit de 160 et une chambre avec un lit enfant de 90 (pouvant accueillir un adulte). Dans le salon, se trouvent un canapé lit de 120 ainsi qu'une liseuse équivalent à un lit de 90.  Nb : nous avons également un chat de 15 ans, très câlin ! Il peut rester dans l'appartement ou être hébergé si cela vous gêne. Wifi gratuit  Tv, lecteur dvd, hifi, iPad Cuisine : grille pain, bouilloire, four, robots A noté : pas de micro ondes ni de cafetière Situé dans le 20ème à Gambetta. A 2 pas du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Quartier animé et familial. Nombreux restaurants et bars. Marché de qualité tous les samedi matin face à l'appartement. Le métro Gambetta à 2mn, sur la ligne 3. Il dessert notamment les stations République en 7mn et Opéra en 20mn. De nombr
20345	Lumineux, frais, l'été, calme, havre pour le repos et les cafés à l'ombre de la glycine.	Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux, ou entre amis, il s'agit d'un loft de 56 m2, avec une grande cuisine ouverte, 2 cours fleurie et charmante (dont l'une, privée), très calme, aménagé comme un atelier d'artiste. Les musiciens trouveront orgue et piano Lumineux, frais, l'été, calme, havre pour le repos et les cafés à l'ombre de la glycine. 2 pas du Père-Lachaise, partout, des petites impasses arborées et fleuries, des terrasses, idéal pour les ballades Métro, ligne 2 (Alexandre Dumas) et 9 (Buzenval), nombreux bus, proche Nation, et Gambetta Marché, place de la réunion, les jeudi et dimanche matin, Père Lachaise à 2 pas, Torréfacteur extraordinaire, rue de Bagnolet...
20346	Cet appartement idéal pour 4 personnes comporte 2 grandes pièces dont une pièce à vivre avec coin salon et cuisine et une chambre avec rangements. Il dispose également d'une salle de bain fonctionnelle avec douche et machine à laver. Lumineux, avec plein de charme et sans vis-à-vis, ce logement saura vous séduire par ses ambiances dynamique et cocooning ! This flat (for 4 pers.) is a 2 big rooms apartment which one is a living room and a kitchen area and the other one is the bedroom with storage espace. It also has a functional bathroom with shower and washing machine.  Bright, charming and with open outlook, this flat will seduce you by its dynamic and cocooning atmospheres !	Cet appartement idéal pour 4 personnes comporte 2 grandes pièces dont une pièce à vivre avec coin salon et cuisine et une chambre avec rangements. Il dispose également d'une salle de bain fonctionnelle avec douche et machine à laver. Lumineux, avec plein de charme et sans vis-à-vis, ce logement saura vous séduire par ses ambiances dynamique et cocooning ! This flat (for 4 pers.) is a 2 big rooms apartment which one is a living room and a kitchen area and the other one is the bedroom with storage espace. It also has a functional bathroom with shower and washing machine.  Bright, charming and with open outlook, this flat will seduce you by its dynamic and cocooning atmospheres ! L'appartement est tout équipé pour 4 personnes et plus. Tout est à disposition des occupants pour cuisiner, se restaurer, dormir et passer de bonnes soirées parisiennes. - The apartment is quite equipped for 4 people and more. Everything is avalaible to the occupants to cook, to eat, to sleep and to spend great p
20347	Charming fully equipped, bright and quiet studio in Paris.  Sleeps two adults comfortably in a queen size bed.  Great location, lively and authentic neighborhood, at the jonction of 3 arrondissements : 11th, 12th et 20th.  Closest subway stations are Maraîchers (1min), Buzenval (2min),  Avron (4min) et Nation (8min). So you have direct acces to lignes 9 (Buzenval & Maraîchers), ligne 2 (Avron) and lignes 1-2-6-9 & RER A (Nation).  Buses 64 - 26 - 57 are also an express 1min walk away, and a bike station is right at the door.     By car, the appartement is easily accessible from the highway, exit Porte de Montreuil.  From the airports, you can access it by train RER A (connecting with RER B) from Place de la Nation.  Ideally located close to Nation, this apartment is only minutes away from :  - numerous restaurants and cafés, movie theater, park, etc.   - the heart of Paris ( Marais - La Bastille - Chatelet - Saint Germain...) using subway ligne 1.  It is a great starting point to disco	Charming fully equipped, bright and quiet studio in Paris.  Sleeps two adults comfortably in a queen size bed.  Great location, lively and authentic neighborhood, at the jonction of 3 arrondissements : 11th, 12th et 20th.  Closest subway stations are Maraîchers (1min), Buzenval (2min),  Avron (4min) et Nation (8min). So you have direct acces to lignes 9 (Buzenval & Maraîchers), ligne 2 (Avron) and lignes 1-2-6-9 & RER A (Nation).  Buses 64 - 26 - 57 are also an express 1min walk away, and a bike station is right at the door.     By car, the appartement is easily accessible from the highway, exit Porte de Montreuil.  From the airports, you can access it by train RER A (connecting with RER B) from Place de la Nation.  Ideally located close to Nation, this apartment is only minutes away from :  - numerous restaurants and cafés, movie theater, park, etc.   - the heart of Paris ( Marais - La Bastille - Chatelet - Saint Germain...) using subway ligne 1.  It is a great starting point to disco
20348		Déco esprit loft. Cuisine ouverte sur le séjour et entièrement équipée : réfrigérateur, congélateur, four combiné, plaques vitro, bouilloire etc. Chambre et salle de bain communicantes. Toilettes séparées.  2 min. à pieds métro 9, 8 min. de Nation. Mon quartier est populaire et plein de vie avec de nombreux petits commerces de proximité. Métro ligne 9 à quelques mètres, direct République, grands boulevards et Champs Elysées. Nation à 10 minutes à pieds : - RER A direct centre de Paris, Grands Magasins, Arc de Triomphe - Ligne 6 direct Tour Eiffel - Ligne 2 direct Montmartre et Sacré Cœur - Ligne 1 direct le Marais, place de la Concorde etc.
20349	unique loft upper a sunny, flowery & calm private way	big bow window with a great view on old typical little parisian houses only owner in the building nearby transports of all kind, restaurants, shops, all by foot unique loft upper a sunny, flowery & calm private way all apartment connected before during & after the stay near Paris center, bois de Vincennes, père Lachaise many shops & restaurants, librarys Metro, bus, tramway, autolib & velib
20350	Forcement tous logements est unique est ressemble aux personnes qui y habitent alors je dirais que notre appartement est chaleureux et l'on si sent bien :-)	"Appart proche toutes commodités. Casino, G20, Franprix, Boulangerie. Métro ligne 2 ou 11 à 150m. Ligne 2 traverse Paris d'Est en Ouest, direct Charles de Gaulles Etoile ""Champ Elysée"" , ligne 11 direct centre de Paris ""Chatelet les Halles"" en 8Mn.   Forcement tous logements est unique est ressemble aux personnes qui y habitent alors je dirais que notre appartement est chaleureux et l'on si sent bien :-) C'est un quartier populaire avec Ménilmontant, Belleville, Père Lachaise, Oberkampf, République, Nation tout proche Appartement très bien desservi avec la ligne 2 du Métro qui traverse Paris direct d'Est en Ouest ""Charles de Gaulle Etoile"" les Champs Elysée en passant par ""Pigalle"" ""Moulin Rouge"" et Nation à l'Ouest. La ligne 11 du métro vous amène en 10mn au centre de Paris ""Chatelet les Halles"" et ""Hôtel de Ville""."
20351	Our large apartment is unusal for Paris for it's open floor plan and bright, sunny spaces. Our apartment is far from the street at the back of a charming courtyard, and it is also convenient to Nation, a major transportation hub in the city so that it's easy to get anywhere you need to go. It's decorated with Senet's paintings that change according to his latest productions and exhibitions. And it's probably the only Airbnb offer in Paris that comes with two free yoga classes in the studio that Senet and I opened about 10 mins away in October 2014!	Calm loft-style apartment near the place de la Nation: 85m2 (915 sq feet) with entrance, large loft-style living room, kitchen, bathroom, w/c, office w/ sleeper sofa, plus a beautiful private garden terrace. Fully furnished and equipped.       Our large apartment is unusal for Paris for it's open floor plan and bright, sunny spaces. Our apartment is far from the street at the back of a charming courtyard, and it is also convenient to Nation, a major transportation hub in the city so that it's easy to get anywhere you need to go. It's decorated with Senet's paintings that change according to his latest productions and exhibitions. And it's probably the only Airbnb offer in Paris that comes with two free yoga classes in the studio that Senet and I opened about 10 mins away in October 2014! You will have the entire apartment to yourself during your stay. Senet and I will be staying nearby so that we can come troubleshoot any problems that may arise during your visit. You'll have two sets 
20352	"Hello my future guest(s) :) My studio can host 2 persons with one extra guest possible but sleeping on an aerobed. I live in in the 20th district which is in the eastern part of the city between place Gambetta and Nation. Within walking distance (7min), you'll find a line 9 tube station. Even closer (4min walk), there is a concert venue (""La flêche d'or"") visited by hipsters offering rock/pop/electro bands with affordable entrance and drinks. It's a small 34sqm (not so small by Paris standards) street facing studio on the first floor of a new building. It is very well insulated with double glazing and heavy door so you won't be disturbed and you can play the music super loud without disturbing anyone.  By sunny days, you can visit the Père-Lachaise cemetery which is at 5min walking distance. Inside the apartment, I have a twin bed (140cm wide), an extra aerobed and of course clean sheets and towels for you to use. I also have some geeky electronics (60"" TV, cable TV, HiFi, wifi, airtun"	"Hello my future guest(s) :) My studio can host 2 persons with one extra guest possible but sleeping on an aerobed. I live in in the 20th district which is in the eastern part of the city between place Gambetta and Nation. Within walking distance (7min), you'll find a line 9 tube station. Even closer (4min walk), there is a concert venue (""La flêche d'or"") visited by hipsters offering rock/pop/electro bands with affordable entrance and drinks. It's a small 34sqm (not so small by Paris standards) street facing studio on the first floor of a new building. It is very well insulated with double glazing and heavy door so you won't be disturbed and you can play the music super loud without disturbing anyone.  By sunny days, you can visit the Père-Lachaise cemetery which is at 5min walking distance. Inside the apartment, I have a twin bed (140cm wide), an extra aerobed and of course clean sheets and towels for you to use. I also have some geeky electronics (60"" TV, cable TV, HiFi, wifi, airtun"
20353	Ce logement est très agréable, très calme, beau, rempli de grands miroirs agrandissant l'espace. Il peut acceuillir davantage de personne, mais pour respecter le silence, je préfère le réserver à 4 personnes.	Grand bel espace; Total surface : 53 M2 4 couchages.  Cuisine avec machine à laver et à sécher Miele, Micro-Ondes.. Salle de douche.  (website hidden) Ch. sur cour. J'oublie : Placard penderie ! Rideaux occultants. Ce logement est très agréable, très calme, beau, rempli de grands miroirs agrandissant l'espace. Il peut acceuillir davantage de personne, mais pour respecter le silence, je préfère le réserver à 4 personnes. Le bus 69 vous emmène au musée du Louvre, Notre-Dame et la Tour Eiffel en 40 min. La place Gambetta est pleine de bus qui vont dans tous les sens - Le métro c'est la ligne 3 - qui passe à République, aux Galeries Lafayette et Printemps - qui dessert aussi Opéra...C'est près de la porte de Bagnolet si vous venez en voiture. Un nombre impressionnant de bus place Gambetta qui vous amène partout dans Paris. Interdiction de faire du bruit dans la cour et la nuit aussi, merci ! Je demande beaucoup de discrétion par rapport au voisinage et aussi par rapport au bruit : Chut ! p
20354	Cet appartement de 50 m2, situé dans le quartier Saint Blaise est parfait pour acceuillir une petite famille, ou un groupe d'amis venus quelques jours a Paris. (4 personnes de facon optimale) Quartier animé avec restaurants, proche du Mama shelter (pour des conseils de sortie, n'hesitez pas a nous demander!).  A proximité de nombreux moyens de transports, 1 minute à pied du Tram 2b, 7 minutes des metros Porte de Bagnolet et Porte de Montreuil, bus 57, et commmerces de proximité (picard, intermarché, boulangerie, franprix a 2 minutes a pied).  A proximité : gymnase, cours de tennis, piscine (a 5 minutes a pied).	Charming flat in Paris 20, 1 mnt walk to Tramway 2b, 7 mnt to subway lines 9 and 3. Sun all day long in the flat. 2 rooms with double beds, and one bed in the living.  Bathroom, kitchen with all the commodity. Cet appartement de 50 m2, situé dans le quartier Saint Blaise est parfait pour acceuillir une petite famille, ou un groupe d'amis venus quelques jours a Paris. (4 personnes de facon optimale) Quartier animé avec restaurants, proche du Mama shelter (pour des conseils de sortie, n'hesitez pas a nous demander!).  A proximité de nombreux moyens de transports, 1 minute à pied du Tram 2b, 7 minutes des metros Porte de Bagnolet et Porte de Montreuil, bus 57, et commmerces de proximité (picard, intermarché, boulangerie, franprix a 2 minutes a pied).  A proximité : gymnase, cours de tennis, piscine (a 5 minutes a pied). Dans l'appartement : - Cuisine avec : mixeur, four, micro-onde, machine a laver la vaisselle, plaques electriques, grand refrigirateur, congelateur, nombreux espaces de ra
20355		Bright, cosy, welcoming, with all modern confort. Room with double bed, living/dining room, small kitchen (dishwasher), bathroom. Street extra calm. Well-served by metro&buses (close to Nation with 5 lines), 20min from Hotel de Ville (City Hall).
20356	Nice parisian studio. Hello ,  I am offering my small but charming studio in Belleville . It ´s a very clean and sunny studio , it has a queen size loft bed  with a ladder and a couch that could be use as a single bed for a third guest for exemple. There is  a little kitchen and a bathroom with shower .  The neighbourhood is really cool and  trendy but still popular with a lot of parks , shops , bars and restaurants . Between the Pere Lachaise and the Buttes Chaumont garden .The main feature of the park is the Belvedere (or Temple) of Sybil which sits at the top of an island in the middle of a lake., you'll just have to walk 5 min of walk from the subway and 15  min. by subway from the touristics places and historical center.  Hope to see you soon in Paris ! !   	Nice parisian studio. Hello ,  I am offering my small but charming studio in Belleville . It ´s a very clean and sunny studio , it has a queen size loft bed  with a ladder and a couch that could be use as a single bed for a third guest for exemple. There is  a little kitchen and a bathroom with shower .  The neighbourhood is really cool and  trendy but still popular with a lot of parks , shops , bars and restaurants . Between the Pere Lachaise and the Buttes Chaumont garden .The main feature of the park is the Belvedere (or Temple) of Sybil which sits at the top of an island in the middle of a lake., you'll just have to walk 5 min of walk from the subway and 15  min. by subway from the touristics places and historical center.  Hope to see you soon in Paris ! !   
20357	"An airy 85m2 flat, with period beams, sun room,  big kitchen, piano, guitar, on a quiet, tree-lined village-like street... everyone who comes says ""oh! it feels like a country house!""   It's a family flat but we'll close the kids' bedrooms, so it sleeps two.  "	"Our happy ap't is available for you during xmas week!  In Belleville, in a charming, ethnic, artsy, village-like neighborhood, easy bus ride from Marais, Chatelet, shopping and museums.  Piano and guitar available.  Groceries, buses, metro, nearby.  An airy 85m2 flat, with period beams, sun room,  big kitchen, piano, guitar, on a quiet, tree-lined village-like street... everyone who comes says ""oh! it feels like a country house!""   It's a family flat but we'll close the kids' bedrooms, so it sleeps two.   Kids' bedrooms and our sleeping loft will be closed off. We have a double-bed couch in the living room that will be available, and our big living room (incl instruments) and kitchen will be available.  Terraces are having some work done, so not available, but hey, it's wintertime, so that's ok. We leave Dec 20th in the morning, and we're back in the afternoon of Dec 27th, but our friendly neighbors will be able to welcome you and show you the ropes, in French or English. Our neighborh"
20358	Dans un immeuble ancien avec parquet, l'appartement est très calme et lumineux grâce à ses grandes fenêtres avec double vitrage donnant sur une cour intérieure verdoyante. Refait à neuf il y a moins d'un an, le décors est sobre et contemporain, il dispose de tout le confort, grâce en autres à la qualité de la literie, la TV écran plat et aux somptueux canapés en cuir design qui trônent dans le salon. Les équipements de la cuisine et de la salle de bain sont comme neufs, tout comme le linge de toilette et les draps.	Grand 2 pièces calme et lumineux, tout confort, refait à neuf, parfait pour 1 couple (+ bébé), à 30m du célèbre cimetière du Père Lachaise, au coeur du quartier le plus en vogue de la capitale. Métro et bus à 20m, épicerie de nuit et restos en bas. Dans un immeuble ancien avec parquet, l'appartement est très calme et lumineux grâce à ses grandes fenêtres avec double vitrage donnant sur une cour intérieure verdoyante. Refait à neuf il y a moins d'un an, le décors est sobre et contemporain, il dispose de tout le confort, grâce en autres à la qualité de la literie, la TV écran plat et aux somptueux canapés en cuir design qui trônent dans le salon. Les équipements de la cuisine et de la salle de bain sont comme neufs, tout comme le linge de toilette et les draps. Vous disposerez de l'intégralité de l'appartement. Je suis toujours ravie de rencontrer de nouvelles personnes et disponible pour échanger autour d'un dîner ou d'un verre, si vous en avez envie. Comme je connais très bien le quart
20359	"Cet appartement est à la fois dans Paris et en même temps dans un quartier très calme et plein de charme.  L'appartement est composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une cuisine tout équipée qui vous permettra de préparer de bons petits plats, une machine Nespresso pour les amoureux du café. Il y a du parquet au sol ce qui le rend chaleureux, il est également très lumineux tout au long de la journée. La literie est de très bonne qualité et la chambre comporte de nombreux rangements. Vous n'avez plus qu'à arriver avec vos bagages et à vous installer ""comme à la maison"". Attention la télévision ne fonctionne pas! merci par avance de votre compréhension. "	"Charmant appartement 2 pièces meublé avec soin, confortable et élégant (40 m2, 1er niv) proche de la place de la Nation (transports) et du cimetière du Père Lachaise. Parfait pour découvrir le Paris authentique et les quartiers animés de la capitale. Cet appartement est à la fois dans Paris et en même temps dans un quartier très calme et plein de charme.  L'appartement est composé d'une chambre, d'un salon, d'une cuisine tout équipée qui vous permettra de préparer de bons petits plats, une machine Nespresso pour les amoureux du café. Il y a du parquet au sol ce qui le rend chaleureux, il est également très lumineux tout au long de la journée. La literie est de très bonne qualité et la chambre comporte de nombreux rangements. Vous n'avez plus qu'à arriver avec vos bagages et à vous installer ""comme à la maison"". Attention la télévision ne fonctionne pas! merci par avance de votre compréhension.  Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement et seront seuls durant leur séjour.  Je ne s"
20360	The apartment is located in the 11th district which is a lively and dynamic neighborhood close to all amendities (bakery, organic supermarket, grocery store, italian food shop, wine shop, good bars and restaurants...). The apartment is only 100metres away from metro Philippe Auguste (line 2), and is 5 minutes away from  Pere lachaise (line 3) and Charonne (line 9). With those 3 lines, it is very easy to reach most of Paris monuments. There is a bus to the Eiffel tower. City bikes are also available nearby. It's a 40sqm flat on the 3rd floor of nice parisian building. It's quiet and very bright with a nice unobstructed view and that's why I love my apartment. It is composed of: -Living room with top quality sofa bed (140x190), coffee table, flat screen tv with international channels. -Large bedroom with top quality queen size bed (160x200) with desk and wardrobe. -Bathroom with tub, WC et sink. -Semi open kitchen with all appliances (stove, oven, fridge, small   freezer, toaster, kettle	The apartment is located in the 11th district which is a lively and dynamic neighborhood close to all amendities (bakery, organic supermarket, grocery store, italian food shop, wine shop, good bars and restaurants...). The apartment is only 100metres away from metro Philippe Auguste (line 2), and is 5 minutes away from  Pere lachaise (line 3) and Charonne (line 9). With those 3 lines, it is very easy to reach most of Paris monuments. There is a bus to the Eiffel tower. City bikes are also available nearby. It's a 40sqm flat on the 3rd floor of nice parisian building. It's quiet and very bright with a nice unobstructed view and that's why I love my apartment. It is composed of: -Living room with top quality sofa bed (140x190), coffee table, flat screen tv with international channels. -Large bedroom with top quality queen size bed (160x200) with desk and wardrobe. -Bathroom with tub, WC et sink. -Semi open kitchen with all appliances (stove, oven, fridge, small   freezer, toaster, kettle
20361	Come  discover the charm of this old factory freshly modernised with face brick. The first floor and the basement provide 3 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room TV, a shower room and an old-fashioned bathroom. WIFI access included. 90sqm   Come  discover the charm of this old factory with face brick. The first floor and the basement provide 3 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room TV, a shower room and an old-fashioned bathroom. 90sqm   Barely 100 meters from the metro station GAMBETTA on line 3 BUS (phone number hidden) VELIB' STATION All the apartment will be only dedicated to you in ordrer to get some privacy. I live in a neighbouring studio during your stay. I will be there to welcome you and to help you if you need some tips to make your stay in Paris unforgettable. I'm really in love with this Quartier. People are more friendly than everywhere in Pairs. There are lots of nice typical food and wine shops around. You can let off	Come  discover the charm of this old factory freshly modernised with face brick. The first floor and the basement provide 3 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room TV, a shower room and an old-fashioned bathroom. 90sqm   Come  discover the charm of this old factory freshly modernised with face brick. The first floor and the basement provide 3 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room TV, a shower room and an old-fashioned bathroom. WIFI access included. 90sqm   Come  discover the charm of this old factory with face brick. The first floor and the basement provide 3 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a large living room TV, a shower room and an old-fashioned bathroom. 90sqm   Barely 100 meters from the metro station GAMBETTA on line 3 BUS (phone number hidden) VELIB' STATION All the apartment will be only dedicated to you in ordrer to get some privacy. I live in a neighbouring studio during your stay. I will be there to welcome yo
20362	"The panoramic view on West Paris is made to enjoy fully sunset ! We loved our district Gambetta - Père Lachaise - Nation. We can live here like a ""dolce vita"".  Everyone says it, we feels well in this apartment, quiet and peaceful after stroll in the city. Ideal for a couple (in the bedroom) with 1 or 2 little children (sofa-bed in the living)."	"This apartment is our main home since 2011. We renovated it when we were arrived. It is very pleasant place with all facilities. The panoramic view on West Paris is made to enjoy fully sunset !  The panoramic view on West Paris is made to enjoy fully sunset ! We loved our district Gambetta - Père Lachaise - Nation. We can live here like a ""dolce vita"".  Everyone says it, we feels well in this apartment, quiet and peaceful after stroll in the city. Ideal for a couple (in the bedroom) with 1 or 2 little children (sofa-bed in the living). All facilities : fridge, washingmachine, dishwasher, hot plate, oven, micro-wave, roller blind, wifi, parking underground in extra if you need. If you have questions or if you need advise, we will happy to inform you about Parisian life & good tips.  We will not stay at the apartment when travellers will be there. Our apartment is ideally beetween Alexandre Dumas subway station (line 2) and Maraichers (line 9)in the 20th arrondissement. The district is s"
20363		Ideally located next to the major transport lines to Champs Elysées (20min), Bastille (15 min)  or Montmartre (25 min) Nice and cosy studio (27 m2) in a quiet area.  Fully equiped (Tv, Wifi, washing machine...) Visit and enjoy in perfect conditions
20364	L'appartement est très calme et confortable. Nous avons pensé au linge de maison, aux serviettes et à tout l'indispensable. 	This modern, quiet and comfortable apartment is the perfect solution to discover Paris. Perfect for a couple, it is located in a very trendy area, with a wide selection of bars and close to the métro! Metro number 2, the blue one. To join the apartment you have to stop at Ménilmontant station. 
20365		(Autres photos à venir) Un petit appartement cosy de 30m2, situé à 5 minutes de Nation (métro Buzenval) et à 15 minutes du centre de Paris. Petits commerces en bas de l'immeuble, quartier vivant, restaurants...
20366	Two-room apartment in central Paris, located between Belleville Parc and Père Lachaise cemetery. In an historic neighbourhood of Paris and close to metro lines 2, 3 and 7 and bus 96 and others, you can easily come and go to any place.  Located in a nice trendy area, you will find a lot shops (clothing but also food), restaurants and lively or cosy bars nearby (ask us for advices!).  It's just 2 minutes away from the Cimetière Père Lachaise where you can hang around or Parc Belleville where you can have a picnic like Parisians often do - you can also push a little further to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont where you can chill in the sun having a view on Paris, or have a picnic or take a run.  The apartment is also at 10 minutes by metro from the very hype Marais district where you can get lost in the little streets and squares.  The apartment, located on the 6th floor (American count) is composed of :  - an american kitchen (open on the living room) equiped with stove, oven, microwave, toa	2 room cosy flat, quiet and bright at 5th and last floor. In a historic neighbourhood, close to bars and shops from Pyrénées street or Père Lachaise cemetery. You will experience the Parisian lifestyle. I would be happy to welcome you here. Two-room apartment in central Paris, located between Belleville Parc and Père Lachaise cemetery. In an historic neighbourhood of Paris and close to metro lines 2, 3 and 7 and bus 96 and others, you can easily come and go to any place.  Located in a nice trendy area, you will find a lot shops (clothing but also food), restaurants and lively or cosy bars nearby (ask us for advices!).  It's just 2 minutes away from the Cimetière Père Lachaise where you can hang around or Parc Belleville where you can have a picnic like Parisians often do - you can also push a little further to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont where you can chill in the sun having a view on Paris, or have a picnic or take a run.  The apartment is also at 10 minutes by metro from the very hy
20367	NOTICE! If you rent the apartment in AUGUST for at least 3 weeks the price is 70€/day !! ------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is very charming, having a lot of handcrafted furniture and a big cast iron fireplace next to the 2 big sofas of the living room.  Wooden parquets, double glass windows, washing machine, Wifi, Hifi, individual boiler with all day long heat & warm water, spacious bathroom shared.  ------------------------------------------------------------	Hello!   Here's our spacious (68m2) & cosy appartment with a sunny balcony. It's only 1 minute away from Alex. Dumas Metro st. There are 1 big living room (sleeps 2 on the 2 big sofas) & 2 bedrooms (one for 2 persons & a small one for 1 person). NOTICE! If you rent the apartment in AUGUST for at least 3 weeks the price is 70€/day !! ------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is very charming, having a lot of handcrafted furniture and a big cast iron fireplace next to the 2 big sofas of the living room.  Wooden parquets, double glass windows, washing machine, Wifi, Hifi, individual boiler with all day long heat & warm water, spacious bathroom shared.  ------------------------------------------------------------ WiFi, TV HiFi, DVD player, dish washer, washing machine, Nespresso, oven, gas cuisine station, microwave, mixer, blender... ------------------------------------------------------------ The guests are alone in the house. ----------------------------
20368		Souvent en déplacement , je mets à votre dispotion charmant 2 pièces, spacieux, cosy et décoré avec soin  pour vos séjours dans la capitale... Paris est Magique, Paris est Unique ️ Quartier populaire et dynamique. Ligne 3 Station Gambetta
20369		the apartment is in the nice area of Ménilmontant in the 20th : daily farmers markets and great bars!
20370	GENERAL 5 CHBRES (3 lits doubles+ 2 canapés lits pour 2 personnes, 2 lits simples dont 1 pouvant accueillir 2 enfants (120cm/200 cm)) , 3 SDB, 2 toilettes indépendantes, deux salons avec cuisines ouvertes indépendantes (RDC surélevé/35m2 et 2e étage/55m2),  un piano demi-queue; une mezzanine avec large TV, une buanderie, un réduit. A possibility of a double bed on a mezzanine. Baby bed available+ high chair+trolley available. UPPER FLOOR Air conditioned in the main room living room and open kitchen  + in 1 double bedroom (upper floor) facing a terrace of 12 sq meters with AC (no photo yet soon to come) + a lounge area on a mezzanine+office space (no photo yet soon to come) + a bathroom, toilets MIDDLE FLOOR 3 bedrooms (1 double bed, and 3 single beds) A dressing room and a small office.  bathroom, toilet No pictures of the guest bedroom have been provided , not of the dressing/utility room have been provided as it is still refurbishing GROUND FLOOR Entrance, toilets, garden of 35 m2 (h	Charming sunny E/W 200 years old 3-floor townhouse fully renovated inside in (phone number hidden) m2). Modern comfort, traditional material (wood floor and ancient tiles) in a historical street. Very convenient to visit le Marais, Quartier Latin & Montmartre.
20371	Luminous and quiet 22m² studio located at the 7th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator.  Fully equipped flat: kitchen (hobs, oven, dishes, kettle, washing machine), bathroom (shower, washbasin, hairdryer), WIFI. Bed sheets and towels provided. Comfortable sofa bed (thick mattress) for two persons.	Cosy 22m² studio, quiet, luminous, in an animated neighbourhood close to a lot of shops, bars and restaurants. Next to Gambetta (metro line 3) and Père Lachaise (metro line 2) stations. WIFI. Luminous and quiet 22m² studio located at the 7th floor of a beautiful building with an elevator.  Fully equipped flat: kitchen (hobs, oven, dishes, kettle, washing machine), bathroom (shower, washbasin, hairdryer), WIFI. Bed sheets and towels provided. Comfortable sofa bed (thick mattress) for two persons. Kitchen: oven, hobs, washing machine, kettle, dishes. Bathroom: shower, toilets, hair dryer Main room: sofa bed, Internet via WIFI, drawer for clothes. I generally won't be in Paris during the time of your stay but I will make sure to be available to give you the keys myself. Before your arrival don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or if you'd like some advices. I will be reachable by phone and/or email during your stay. Animated neighbourhood with many nice bars and restauran
20372	My flat is big, beautiful and typically parisian.	    I live in a big flat in the really cool area of Mentilmontant, nearby Oberkampf. The place is calm and comfortable. The room has a lot of light and it's big. There is a long balcony to watch the parisians from above.    My flat is big, beautiful and typically parisian. Guest will have access to everything except my room. I'll be delighted to share my paris tips with you. Ménilmontant is really charming! Multicultural, mixed and funky. Many suprises, little streets, and nice bars! line 2 at ménilmontant (2 mn from flat) line 3 at parmentier (10 m, from flat) The cat was recently a bit sick, it feels better now.
20373	Nous louons une chambre dans un bel appartement ensoleillé avec terrasses.	Nous louons des chambres dans notre appartement de 110m2 avec trois terrasses 5ème et dernier étage. Deux salle de bains, deux WC,  cuisine équipée, wifi, salon avec vidéo projecteur. Nous louons une chambre dans un bel appartement ensoleillé avec terrasses. M ligne 11 (porte des lilas) ; 3 (porte de bagnolet) ; 3bis (Saint-fargeau) T3bis: arrêt Adrienne Boland 10 minutes en métro de la place de la République.
20374	Appartement très propre dans un immeuble ancien mais refait à neuf. 	Petite chambre confortable dans un joli appartement situé dans le quartier de Gambetta. Accès à la salle de bain. Appartement très propre dans un immeuble ancien mais refait à neuf. A la salle de bain. A la cuisine. Au salon. Je serai présente dans l'appartement. Quartier très vivant, nombreux commerces, bars, restaurants. Proche du Père Lachaise Métro Gambetta Bus 69, 61, 26
20375	Ideal student and prof	A louer un studio de 15m²  en plein cœur de paris ( Père Lachaise-Nation) au 8 hème étage avec ascenseur dans  un immeuble de 10 étage. Equipée, calme, sans vis à vis, vue donnant sur la Père Lachaise.
20376	Nous louons une chambre dans un bel appartement ensoleillé avec terrasses.	Nous louons des chambres dans notre appartement de 110m2 avec trois terrasses 5ème et dernier étage. Deux salle de bains, deux WC,  cuisine équipée, wifi, salon avec vidéo projecteur. Nous louons une chambre dans un bel appartement ensoleillé avec terrasses. M ligne 11 (porte des lilas) ; 3 (porte de bagnolet) ; 3bis (Saint-fargeau) T3bis: arrêt Adrienne Boland Possibilité de parking à 2minutes gratuit en aout
20377	loft avec jardin/terrasse au calme dans une allee privative situee a deux pas des metros ( lignes 2 et 9 )et de l hotel Mama Shelter , de la place de la Nation et du cimetiere du Pere Lachaise avec acces internet 	100m2 loft with a 20m2 private yard located in the 20th area near by the subway stations: Buzenval (line 9) and Alexandre Dumas (line 2) and next to hot spots: Nation square, Père Lachaise cemetery and Mama Shelter Hotel. Free wifi
20378	Calme  Clair, ensoleillé, dernier étage, vue dégagée. Dans un grand jardin. Commerces à proximité.	"situé entre métro Porte des Lilas (ligne 11) et Porte de Bagnolet (ligne 3) à 20mn du centre de Paris (Châtelet) et à 10 mn du quartier Belleville et à 20 mn du quartier Opéra,à 2 pas du Père Lachaise, Au bord du tramway T3 Bus ligne 96, 48. Calme  Clair, ensoleillé, dernier étage, vue dégagée. Dans un grand jardin. Commerces à proximité. Métro Tram Bus  A proximité de l autoroute A3. Lors du petit déjeuner s ils le souhaitent. Quartier aéré, bien desservi en transports, petites rues ""la campagne à Paris"" Métro ligne 11 Métro ligne 3 Métro ligne 3 bis Tramway T 3 Bus 96.  61. 48"
20379	Notre logement est grand et accueillant; il est confortable et vous vous y sentirez comme chez nous ! Our apartment is large and welcoming ! It is comfortable and we'll do everything we can to make you feel at home !	Chers visiteurs,  Nous louons une chambre de notre grand appartement se situant près de la station de métro Nation (lignes 1, 2, 6 et RERA). Vous aurez bien sûr accès à toutes les commodités! Négociable à 35 euros si vous occupez la chambre seul-e ! Notre logement est grand et accueillant; il est confortable et vous vous y sentirez comme chez nous ! Our apartment is large and welcoming ! It is comfortable and we'll do everything we can to make you feel at home ! Vous pourrez partager la cuisine, le salon, la salle à manger ( où vous pourrez prendre vos repas  )et la salle de bain à nos côtés ! You will have access to the kitchen, the living room, the dining room and the bathroom ! Il y aura toujours quelqu'un dans l'appartement, et vous pourrez compter sur nous pour vous donner tout un tas d'adresses pour sortir, visiter Paris et manger dehors ! There will always be someone in the apartment, if you need help or good places to eat outside, stroll around and get a drink! Le quartier n'es
20380	Beautiful room in a thirst floor apartment with a big living room and a cosy kitchen,lightened all day long. The location is perfect for two person: the price per night it's not high, there's a lot of space to enjoy and it is really well connected to the rest of the city. Menilmontant area offers you a lot of typical restaurants, bars and locals where you spend your evenings. Really well connected location: - 5 minutes walking from Menilmontant and Oberkampf (main place in Paris for divertissement)  - 5 minutes walking from the Pere Lachaise The guests will have the access to the whole apartment except the private bedroom of my flatemate. Smoking is allowed in the kitchen/living room.  Pets are not allowed, although if i love them :) I speak English, French and Italian.  Sometimes when I rent my apartment I'll be there, something's I'll be abroad.  Anyway, if I'll be there, it would be nice to meet you and share with you what I learnt about this beautiful town! :) The thing I like the 	The location is perfect for two person: the price per night it's not high, there's a lot of space to enjoy and it is really well connected to the rest of the city. Menilmontant area offers you a lot of typical restaurants, bars and locals. Beautiful room in a thirst floor apartment with a big living room and a cosy kitchen,lightened all day long. The location is perfect for two person: the price per night it's not high, there's a lot of space to enjoy and it is really well connected to the rest of the city. Menilmontant area offers you a lot of typical restaurants, bars and locals where you spend your evenings. Really well connected location: - 5 minutes walking from Menilmontant and Oberkampf (main place in Paris for divertissement)  - 5 minutes walking from the Pere Lachaise The guests will have the access to the whole apartment except the private bedroom of my flatemate. Smoking is allowed in the kitchen/living room.  Pets are not allowed, although if i love them :) I speak English,
20381	Notre duplex est au dernier étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble calme. Il dispose d'une grande terrasse fleurie. L'appartement est spacieux et très bien situé. La chambre donne sur une rue peu passante, et a sa propre salle de bain (avec WC). Elle dispose également d'une télévision avec lecteur DVD et Blu-ray et une bibliothèque.	Double bedroom with en-suite bathroom in a delightful and large Duplex. You have access to the living room opening onto a large sun terrace (Outdoor furniture), a dining room, and the kitchen fully equiped.
20382	Je loue ma chambre dans un super appart en colocation avec 4 autres personnes très chouettes! L'appart à partager est un duplex de 150 m² avec 5 chambres, 3 salles de bain, 1 cuisine, 1 salon et 1 balcon. Il est situé dans une petite rue très calme, à 3 minutes de Gambetta (20e arrondissement), un quartier très animé de Paris, tout près du cimetière du Père Lachaise et à 15 minutes à pied de République. Le quartier environnant est très vivant. Tous les commerces utiles sont à proximité, ainsi qu'un ciné et de bonnes salles de concert.	Je loue ma chambre dans un super appart en colocation avec 4 autres personnes très chouettes! L'appart à partager est un duplex de 150 m² avec 5 chambres, 3 salles de bain, 1 cuisine, 1 salon et 1 balcon. Il est situé dans une petite rue très calme, à 3 minutes de Gambetta (20e arrondissement), un quartier très animé de Paris, tout près du cimetière du Père Lachaise et à 15 minutes à pied de République. Le quartier environnant est très vivant. Tous les commerces utiles sont à proximité, ainsi qu'un ciné et de bonnes salles de concert.
20383	C'est une maison...à Paris! Nous avons la chance de la partager avec une super colocation et avec le beau temps, c'est un luxe de pouvoir prendre le café dehors. 	Une belle chambre dans une maison unique à Paris. Vous pourrez profiter d'un grand jardin au rdc de cette grande demeure typique du 19è siècle. C'est une maison...à Paris! Nous avons la chance de la partager avec une super colocation et avec le beau temps, c'est un luxe de pouvoir prendre le café dehors.  Les voyageurs auront accès à toutes les parties communes de la maison, ainsi que leur chambre bien évidemment.  Cela dépend en grande partie du voyageur. Nous sommes en colocation donc nous aimons partager un verre, un repas entre nous quand nous sommes à la maison. Mais nous avons aussi chacun nos petites habitudes, moment de solitude ou juste d'autres envies.  Le 20ème est vraiment un quartier sympa. Très dynamique mais aussi très humain. Les balades sont assez fréquentes et les bars et restaurant ne manquent pas.  Nombreux sont les moyens de transport pour se rendre à notre maison. Trois lignes de métro : 2 ( Alexandre Dumas), 3, (Porte de Bagnolet) et 9 (Maraîchers). La ligne de R
20384	Proximité de tous commerces et possibilité d'utiliser le bus, le Velib, l'Autolib, le metro et tramway pour rentrer chez soi et d'aller se promener directement sur Châtelet, le Louvre, Monpartnasse toute la nuit. 	Loue studio meublé décoré avec goût à Porte de Bagnolet dans une résidence sécurisée. Vous trouverez tout, un grand centre commercial, des épiceries , des restos, bus et métro, une salle de sport, enfin tout pour passer de belles vacances. Proximité de tous commerces et possibilité d'utiliser le bus, le Velib, l'Autolib, le metro et tramway pour rentrer chez soi et d'aller se promener directement sur Châtelet, le Louvre, Monpartnasse toute la nuit. Wifi, chaîne télé Par mail et téléphone Quartier Calme et bien desservis en transport (bus, tramway, velib, autolib, metro), un centre commercial à proximité, des épiceries, des restaurants, un petit parc, une église. Tramway, bus metro, Velib, Autolib Cet appartement de 28m2 est idéal pour vos vacances et est composé de deux types de couchage, un canapé lit confortable avec matelas Simmons haute qualité, une mezzanine, une cuisine équipée, salon avec TV écran plat, Balconnet, Baignoire
20385		Salut! Jolie chambre à louer dans un appartement avec 4 chambres. C'est un duplex bien sympa de 120m² situé dans le 20ème, metro Gambetta. Plein de petits bars, restos et concerts à proximité!
20386	Situé à quelques mètres du métro Porte de Bagnolet,  au troisième et dernier étage d'un tranquille petit immeuble du vieux Paris, c'est un deux pièces spacieux, clair et fonctionnel donnant sur une rue calme. L'appartement, entièrement à votre disposition,  peut accueillir 2 personnes dans un vrai lit.	Calme, clair, clean et lumineux, situé dans un des plus attachants quartiers de Paris, bien desservi, à 100 m du metro, 15mn de Paris centre,  mon chouette deux pièces, bien équipé,  fonctionnel, vous attend. Situé à quelques mètres du métro Porte de Bagnolet,  au troisième et dernier étage d'un tranquille petit immeuble du vieux Paris, c'est un deux pièces spacieux, clair et fonctionnel donnant sur une rue calme. L'appartement, entièrement à votre disposition,  peut accueillir 2 personnes dans un vrai lit. L'appartement entier est à vous.   Cuisine équipée, gazinère 4 feux et four  (comme toutes les personnes qui cuisinent je préfère le gaz!), micro-ondes, grille- pain, bouilloire, cafetière, hotte, mixeur et autres balances,  etc.. Machine à laver/sécheuse, pèse personne. sèche cheveux, gel douche et shampoing,  coton et coton tiges, brosse à dents pour les étourdis...    Wifi, TV par fibre, canal plus, lecteurDVD,  Thés, café, lait, sucre et autres produits de première nécessité.  W
20387		Joli appartement de 42m2 refait à neuf sans vis à vis avec balcon. Très lumineux. Au pied du métro Maraichers A 10 minutes de Nation, du Père Lachaise. Au pied du Métro Maraichers, Ligne 9 Bus 26 et 64 Lign1, 2, 6, RER A à environ 10 minutes à pied
20388	// Appartment //   F2, 30m² very comfortable and cosy !  Bright, with 2 high windows without vis-à-vis Balcony and beautiful view on the famous cemetery Père Lachaise Open kitchen Living-room with sofa and high table for meal time and apéro Cosy room with king-size bed Bathroom with italian shower Separate restroom with small window // Access //  5th floor without lift, but small floor easy to climb  // Area //  Full of restaurants, bars, shops, stores… Market on Saturday and Sunday mornings // Great for a weekend or a long trip !  //	Great location: downtown Paris 20 °  Beautifull view of the cemetery famous Père Lachaise  Very nice area close to Belleville and Buttes Chaumont, nice parks Charonne streets and Bagnolet known for their shops, restaurants and great nightlife // Appartment //   F2, 30m² very comfortable and cosy !  Bright, with 2 high windows without vis-à-vis Balcony and beautiful view on the famous cemetery Père Lachaise Open kitchen Living-room with sofa and high table for meal time and apéro Cosy room with king-size bed Bathroom with italian shower Separate restroom with small window // Access //  5th floor without lift, but small floor easy to climb  // Area //  Full of restaurants, bars, shops, stores… Market on Saturday and Sunday mornings // Great for a weekend or a long trip !  // // Full Apartment available  / Washer  / Dishwasher  / Toaster  / Juicer  / Kettle Many restaurant, cafes, bars, ...  MAMASHELTER Design Philippe Starck Trendy place for a drink or a dinner Delicious pizza!  L'ABRIBU
20389		Au cœur du 20 ème arrondissement de Paris, à 3 minutes de la place Gambetta (animée de commerces, cafés, magasins, cinéma...), et à 2 minutes du Père Lachaise, dans une rue très calme, chambre spacieuse dans un appartement de 40 m2.
20390	L'appartement est charmant, parquet et moulures au plafond. Cuisine toute équipée. Lave vaisselle Salle de bain. Lave linge Salon avec table et canapés.	Je sous loue ma chambre de 12m2 dans un bel appartement (parquet et moulures au plafond).  L'appartement comprend machine à laver / lave-vaiselle. Je vis en collocation avec mon meilleur ami. Ma chambre est meublée, avec cheminé et grand miroir. L'appartement est charmant, parquet et moulures au plafond. Cuisine toute équipée. Lave vaisselle Salle de bain. Lave linge Salon avec table et canapés. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement hormis la chambre de mon colocataire. Je ne serais pas là durant les dates de locations, mais mon colocataire sera présent. Le XXème est en plein renouveau. Bars, restaurants (notamment deux au pied de l'immeuble), boulangeries et fromageries de très bonne qualité. A 4 min du Metro Gambetta, nombreuses ligne de bus (phone number hidden) etc...) et tram à proximité
20391	On the second floor of a traditional Parisian walk-up, our apartment is safe (reinforced door), peaceful, and newly remodeled. Approximately 60 m2 (650 square feet), the apartment includes two bedrooms, one with a double bed, and the other with three singles, and a living room with convertible sofa. There is a small, fully equipped kitchen and a small bathroom.	Charming, homey and sunny apartment in an historic Parisian walk-up. The charm of old Paris in a quiet street in the Jourdain neighborhood. Around the corner from the parc de Belleville and the Père Lachaise cemetery, the neighborhood is lively. On the second floor of a traditional Parisian walk-up, our apartment is safe (reinforced door), peaceful, and newly remodeled. Approximately 60 m2 (650 square feet), the apartment includes two bedrooms, one with a double bed, and the other with three singles, and a living room with convertible sofa. There is a small, fully equipped kitchen and a small bathroom. This is Paris “off the beaten path”! Jourdain-Ménilmontant-Belleville is an area that has yet to be overrun by tourists. It is full of friendly neighborhood eateries, small galleries, and lively bars. A mere 10 minutes from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. The metro (lines 2 and 11) and bus provide fast and direct service to Châtelet, the Pompidou Center, the Marais, the Louvre, the Ar
20392		I am subletting my beautiful room located in the center of Paris (from 14th to 28th february). It has a good bed and a balcony! It's a shared apartment with 2 other girls, super nice. (four rooms apartment) If you come, you will feel like home !  :-)
20393	Il s'agit d'un immeuble haussmanien, la chambre comporte une cheminée et est très agréable à vivre.	L'appartement est situé en face du cimetière du Père Lachaise près des lignes de métro 2 et 3 (accès direct aux Champs Elysées, Montmartre, etc..). La chambre est très silencieuse avec un petit lit 2 places. Vous aurez accès à la SDB et la cuisine. Il s'agit d'un immeuble haussmanien, la chambre comporte une cheminée et est très agréable à vivre. Accès ligne de métro 2 et 3 (à 1min à pied) Accès ligne de bus 69 et 61 (pour se rendre au centre de Paris, Bastille, ...) au pied de l'immeuble. Accès Vélib (à 1min à pied) Je ne serais pas sur place, mais ma colocataire (très gentille et accueillante) sera présente en cas de besoin. C'est un quartier très vivant avec des commerces de proximité et de nombreux restaurant à découvrir. La visite du Père Lachaise s'impose !
20394		Petit deux pièces d'une superficie de 26 m2 lumineux et traversant avec séjour et cuisine américaine ainsi qu'une chambre et d'une salle de douche séparées. Je propose draps et serviettes comme prestations supplémentaires Facile d'accès à 20 min en métro du centre de Paris. Petite ruelle calme sans vis à vis donnant sur des petites maisons avec jardinet Métro 11 sortie télégraphe ou métro 3 sortie Gambetta Wifi disponible + équipements complets
20395	Composé d une Grande pièce a vivre et d une cuisine séparée dans laquelle on peut déjeuner ou diner. L appartement est très lumineux et donne sur une grande cour calme. Proche des lignes deux et trois, de belleville et du père lachaise, cette position centrale vous permet d aller partout dans paris rapidement.	Bel appartement de 25m2 situé dans un immeuble année 1930, a  a proximité du métro 2 et 3. Il se compose d une cuisine séparée ou l on peu déjeuner et manger, d une pièce d eau, et d une grande chambre salon. Idéal pour passer quelques jours a Paris ! Composé d une Grande pièce a vivre et d une cuisine séparée dans laquelle on peut déjeuner ou diner. L appartement est très lumineux et donne sur une grande cour calme. Proche des lignes deux et trois, de belleville et du père lachaise, cette position centrale vous permet d aller partout dans paris rapidement.
20396		Dans un joli 3-pièces non fumeur  dans un quartier calme du 20e arrondissement près des buttes chaumont, vous louerez une chambre pouvant accueillir 2 voyageurs. L'appartement est proximité de tout commerces et facile d'accès.
20397	"2 steps of one of the largest parks in Paris, 10 meters from the métro Jourdain, enjoy your stay in Paris in a beautiful 2 rooms ideal for couples. Located on a charming square overlooking the church of Jourdain, the apartment is quiet and without any opposite. Within minutes you will be in the Marais, Le Carreau du Temple, the Canal Saint-Martin and the Latin Quarter! Also call ""The Village Jourdain"", you will enjoy this rustic, bohemian side of this area of Paris in a moment from the busy center. Nearby are many shops, bars and restaurants. - Apartment of 35 m2, - 1 bedroom with a double bed with comfortable bed, bedding Simons - A living room - Fully equipped bathroom: hairdryer, flat iron ... - Modern kitchen equipped with every utensil useful for your daily • Equipment of the apartment: - Fridge freezer, Microwave, Washing machin - Iron and ironing board - Hairdryer - Kettle, toaster - Linen (sheets, towels) provided Large double rooms. * Fully fitted kitchen and bathroom * Separa"	"Located in a very nice area called ""The Jourdain Village"", the flat is 10 meters from the subway station JOURDAIN - Line 11 which brings you in 5 minutes at Republique, 8 minutes to The MARAIS area 1 10 Minutes at Chatelet (Cathédrale Notre Dame) 2 steps of one of the largest parks in Paris, 10 meters from the métro Jourdain, enjoy your stay in Paris in a beautiful 2 rooms ideal for couples. Located on a charming square overlooking the church of Jourdain, the apartment is quiet and without any opposite. Within minutes you will be in the Marais, Le Carreau du Temple, the Canal Saint-Martin and the Latin Quarter! Also call ""The Village Jourdain"", you will enjoy this rustic, bohemian side of this area of Paris in a moment from the busy center. Nearby are many shops, bars and restaurants. - Apartment of 35 m2, - 1 bedroom with a double bed with comfortable bed, bedding Simons - A living room - Fully equipped bathroom: hairdryer, flat iron ... - Modern kitchen equipped with every utensil us"
20398	Nice apartment with 2 rooms 35 m², nicely furnished : entrance, kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom. All white with brown parquet. The apartment is very quiet, with a courtyard view, located on the ground floor of an old building from 1930. The entrance has a spacious dressing room and three white drawers where you can store all your belongings. The lounge is equipped with a white dining table for lunch or dinner as a duo and a couch of my creation. The room is equipped with a bed (140 x 200 cm) and a desk with chair. Sheets and all linen is provided. Small kitchen with stove, refrigerator, Italian coffee maker, kettle, microwave, steamer and all necessary dishes. Small bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, closet with mirror and towel radiator. The apartment is equipped with Internet via optical fiber and free wifi. Stereo allows you to connect your iPod, iPhone or laptop. Some shops (DIA supermarket, grocery and tobacco bar) are 50 m. Monoprix (10h-22h) and an excellent baker	Nice apartment with 2 rooms 35 m², nicely furnished : entrance, kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom. All white with brown parquet. The apartment is very quiet, with a courtyard view, located on the ground floor of an old building from 1930. The entrance has a spacious dressing room and three white drawers where you can store all your belongings. The lounge is equipped with a white dining table for lunch or dinner as a duo and a couch of my creation. The room is equipped with a bed (140 x 200 cm) and a desk with chair. Sheets and all linen is provided. Small kitchen with stove, refrigerator, Italian coffee maker, kettle, microwave, steamer and all necessary dishes. Small bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, closet with mirror and towel radiator. The apartment is equipped with Internet via optical fiber and free wifi. Stereo allows you to connect your iPod, iPhone or laptop. Some shops (DIA supermarket, grocery and tobacco bar) are 50 m. Monoprix (10h-22h) and an excellent baker
20399		Hello, my name is Antoine, I rent a room, 13 m2, in my charming flat, 2 floor without elevator, in the 20-th district, 2 min close to the metro station Jourdan (line 11),  7  to Centre Pompidou. There is wifi,1 bed for 1 person, and one table.
