10500	Ce logement d'une superficie de 45m2 dispose d'une situation géographique exceptionnelle car il est situé à deux pas de la Tour-Eiffel et de la Seine. Vous disposerez d'une vue magnifique sur la Tour-Eiffel depuis le salon et votre chambre,vous pourrez alors contempler en pleine nuit les milles lumières de la grande Dame de Fer. L'appartement est parfaitement fonctionnel,vous aurez accès à l'ensemble des équipements(cuisine,frigo,plaques chauffantes,salle de bains,sèche cheveux,internet,linge de toilette). Je précise que je partagerai avec vous cet appartement. Je serai absent durant la journée car je travaille,je rentrerai uniquement le soir à l'appartement pour dormir dans une chambre séparée.	Appartement partagé,je dors dans une pièce séparée. Le logement est situé à 5mn à pied de la Tour-Eiffel,proche des transports en commun(métro,RER,Bus). Ce logement d'une superficie de 45m2 dispose d'une situation géographique exceptionnelle car il est situé à deux pas de la Tour-Eiffel et de la Seine. Vous disposerez d'une vue magnifique sur la Tour-Eiffel depuis le salon et votre chambre,vous pourrez alors contempler en pleine nuit les milles lumières de la grande Dame de Fer. L'appartement est parfaitement fonctionnel,vous aurez accès à l'ensemble des équipements(cuisine,frigo,plaques chauffantes,salle de bains,sèche cheveux,internet,linge de toilette). Je précise que je partagerai avec vous cet appartement. Je serai absent durant la journée car je travaille,je rentrerai uniquement le soir à l'appartement pour dormir dans une chambre séparée. Durant votre séjour,je serai à votre disposition si vous désirez des conseils ou renseignements. L'appartement est a proximité du Métro 6 et d
10501	"Nice apartment  50m² in the 15th district of Paris, at 100 meters of the ""Parc d’Exposition“ and “Palais des Sports de Paris”, in the neighborhood Vaugirard/Porte de Versailles. Perfect for the business trip or for the tourism in Paris. It includes :  -Living room/dining room with balcony -Bedroom with closet overlooking the balcony -Kitchen fully equipped with oven, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, tea kettle,… -Dressing room -Shower room , WC detached"	"Nice apartment  50m² in the 15th district of Paris, at 100 meters of the ""Parc d’Exposition “, in the neighborhood Vaugirard/Porte de Versailles. Perfect for the business trip or for the tourism in Paris.  4 persons maximum Nice apartment  50m² in the 15th district of Paris, at 100 meters of the ""Parc d’Exposition“ and “Palais des Sports de Paris”, in the neighborhood Vaugirard/Porte de Versailles. Perfect for the business trip or for the tourism in Paris. It includes :  -Living room/dining room with balcony -Bedroom with closet overlooking the balcony -Kitchen fully equipped with oven, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, tea kettle,… -Dressing room -Shower room , WC detached The travelers can have a safe parking space in the building. Always ready to answer to all your questions and emails as quickly as possible ! Neighborhood : Vaugirard/Porte de Versailles At 100 meters of ""Porte de Versailles"" (Parc d'Exposition, Palais Omnisports of Paris), at 10 min on foot of t"
10502		Agréable studio lumineux, idéal pour un couple. Baie vitrée avec terrasse vue tour Eiffel et toits de Paris. Entièrement équipé, au sein d'une résidence de standing. Tous commerces à proximité! Très bien desservie par la ligne 12, 13 ou Bus 95.
10503	A fully furnished living space with up to four sleeping places. Suitable for a family of 4.  Its surroundings offer visitors a wide range of places with a lot of tourist interest	Small Flat (2 rooms) near the Eiffel Tower.  Accomodations for 4 (max).  Ideally situated between 2 metro stations (6 and 10) near to all amenities, very close from Montparnasse Station and Invalides. A fully furnished living space with up to four sleeping places. Suitable for a family of 4.  Its surroundings offer visitors a wide range of places with a lot of tourist interest  It's in a very nice neighborhood, with shops, grocery, bakery, supermarket... Just near Eiffel Tower and Invalides ! The Beautiful Paris  Subway 10 and 6, but also some buses
10504	There is one japanese futon for 2 in a large and quiet private room (15m²) with two armchairs and a table. There is a tight kitchen with fridge, freezer, oven, stove, kettle, toaster, grill. Plates, glasses, forks, knives,  spoons are also availabe. Bathroom with bathtub and WC. Hairdryer available. Large living room with sofa-bed and mattress. Table and chairs to eat. 13 m² terrace with 160° panoramic view over Eiffel tower, Invalides and the Montparnasse tower.	If you are on a budget and you are looking for a clean place, comfortable, spacious, well located and affordable with an excellent host, you are definetely coming in the right place! There is one japanese futon for 2 in a large and quiet private room (15m²) with two armchairs and a table. There is a tight kitchen with fridge, freezer, oven, stove, kettle, toaster, grill. Plates, glasses, forks, knives,  spoons are also availabe. Bathroom with bathtub and WC. Hairdryer available. Large living room with sofa-bed and mattress. Table and chairs to eat. 13 m² terrace with 160° panoramic view over Eiffel tower, Invalides and the Montparnasse tower. One private room for up to 4 ppl. The rest is shared except my room. I usually work from home i'm most of the time at home and will be glad to exchange, share, answer questions, advise you. My quarter is a safe place for tourists. No problem for a woman walking alone late evening. Obviously my neighborhood is also very practical: lots of places to
10505		Bonjour, je sous loue ma chambre dans mon appartement de 50 m² situé à porte de Vanves dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris.  Ma chambre fait environ 13 m² et est très lumineuse et agréable. Accès libre salle de douche, cuisine et salon.
10506	I am renting out a nice room in a great two bedroom apartment. The room has a large bed, a desk, many shelves and a closet. It accomodates two people. The room is very quiet as all windows open on inside court yards. Guest have access to the rest of the apartment, which includes a large living room, a nice kitchen, a brad new bathroom and separate toilet.  The flat is located on rue de Vaugirard, in the 15th district in the center of Paris. The neighbourhood is very lively: it offers several restaurants, many convenience stores, public transportation...  The apartment is one minutue away from the station Volontaires (line 12) and about five minutes from pasteur (lines 6 and 12). There are also many buses nearby.  The apartment is fully equipped: wi-fi, microwave, washing machine, cable TV, oven.... Everythinhg to make your stay simple !! 	I am renting out a nice room in a great two bedroom apartment. The room has a large bed, a desk, many shelves and a closet. It accomodates two people. The room is very quiet as all windows open on inside court yards. Guest have access to the rest of the apartment, which includes a large living room, a nice kitchen, a brad new bathroom and separate toilet.  The flat is located on rue de Vaugirard, in the 15th district in the center of Paris. The neighbourhood is very lively: it offers several restaurants, many convenience stores, public transportation...  The apartment is one minutue away from the station Volontaires (line 12) and about five minutes from pasteur (lines 6 and 12). There are also many buses nearby.  The apartment is fully equipped: wi-fi, microwave, washing machine, cable TV, oven.... Everythinhg to make your stay simple !! 
10507	The luxury of being in a quiet courtyard, close to the train station and the Montparnasse area, in the center of Paris Le luxe d'être au calme d'une cour arborée, à proximité de la gare et du quartier Montparnasse, dans le centre de Paris. 	In an artist's workshop 1 bedroom (double bed), bathroom and toilet, and another room with a sofa-bed 120€ for 4 - 100€ for only one bedroom. Dans un atelier d'artiste 1 chambre avec lit double, salle de bains et WC et une autre chambre avec un canapé lit.  The luxury of being in a quiet courtyard, close to the train station and the Montparnasse area, in the center of Paris Le luxe d'être au calme d'une cour arborée, à proximité de la gare et du quartier Montparnasse, dans le centre de Paris. You are welcome in the living room and kitchen. One bedroom is upstairs with a bathroom and a toilet. the other bedroom is on first floor opening on the living room without bathroom.  Vous êtes bienvenus dans le séjour et la cuisine. Une chambre est à l'étage avec une salle de bains et un WC l'autre est au rez de chaussée, ouvrant sur le séjour sans salle de bains. The house consists of two artists-workshops together. I live on one side and the two bedrooms are on the other side. A Gaveau piano is
10508	Logement situé au 4 eme étage, équipée d' une chambre avec grand lit, seconde piéce équipée d un canapé convertible deux  places et coin cuisine . Ascenseur disponible au premier étage. Linge de maison fourni(serviette ,drap,couette) Location uniquement mensuel et plus	Logement situé au 4 eme étage, équipée d' une chambre avec grand lit, seconde piéce équipée d un canapé convertible deux  places et coin cuisine . Ascenseur disponible au premier étage. Linge de maison fourni(serviette ,drap,couette) Location uniquement mensuel et plus Métro à deux pas, une multitude de commerce et la Tour Eiffel tout proche.  Son calme et la proximité des commerces et de la Tour Eiffel, le musé du Louvre, l'arc de triomphe, centre commercial de beaugrenelle et dans un quartier résidentie  Je travaille avec un ami taxi parisien qui me fait des tarifs convenable  la consommation de l'électricité est à la charge du locataire pour ceux qui loue au mois
10509	Charmant Appart in South of Paris with a living room to welcome 2 people ! Near to Ligne 8 Lourmel and Ligne 12 Porte de versailles	Charmant Appart in South of Paris with a living room to welcome 2 people ! Near to Ligne 8 Lourmel and Ligne 12 Porte de versailles Charmant Appart in South of Paris with a living room to welcome 2 people ! Near to Ligne 8 Lourmel and Ligne 12 Porte de versailles Living room, kitchen, bathroom, WC Available for our guests needs Facilities such as supermarket, post, bookshops - 1 min., restaurants and fast food - 1min., greenspaces - 10min. 2 metro tubes (Ligne 8  - 5min. walking and Ligne 12 - 10 min. walking) + tramway stops
10510		Line number 10 and 8 are equally close to the apartment which makes commuting very convenient.  A velib station is located around the corner ! Nice Balcony with Eiffel Tower view.
10511	Hello! We are a french-spanish couple and we would be very pleased to welcome you to our home. We offer you a private room in the appartment where we live.  We live in a very quiet flat, near to the center of Paris, and next to many turistic places.  By foot, you can walk in 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides,  Porte de Versailles or Montparnasse. You can also rent a bike and travel around Paris with a Velib since we have a Velib Station down the street. We also have 2 metro stations very close, metro Volontaires (3 minutes) and metro Sevres-Lecourbe (5 minutes). We have all the comodities right next to our flat (bakeries, markets...). Our flat is very sunny, the exposition is very good (south), and quiet since the building is in front of a little parc. You can be a couple, a single person or 2 friends. We have one double bed, made by 2 singles beds put together, we can separate the bed if you want. You have place to put your clothes and a table if you want to drink some tea	Hello! We are a french-spanish couple and we would be very pleased to welcome you to our home. We offer you a private room in the appartment where we live.  We live in a very quiet flat, near to the center of Paris, and next to many turistic places.  By foot, you can walk in 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides,  Porte de Versailles or Montparnasse. You can also rent a bike and travel around Paris with a Velib since we have a Velib Station down the street. We also have 2 metro stations very close, metro Volontaires (3 minutes) and metro Sevres-Lecourbe (5 minutes). We have all the comodities right next to our flat (bakeries, markets...). Our flat is very sunny, the exposition is very good (south), and quiet since the building is in front of a little parc. You can be a couple, a single person or 2 friends. We have one double bed, made by 2 singles beds put together, we can separate the bed if you want. You have place to put your clothes and a table if you want to drink some tea
10512		Place Charles Michels Restaurants, Bars, 10minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, Trocadero, grand centre commercial Beaugrenelle à 2 min. Je ne serais pas présent dans l'appartement de 08h30 du matin à 21h30, du Lundi au Vendredi, pour les week end mes horaires varie. Place Charles Michels Restaurants et Bars à proximité. Centre commercial Beaugrenelle à 2 min. Metro Charles Michels Ligne 10 Bus 88 direct Gare Montparnasse. proche. Ligne Metro : 8 (Motte-picquet, Commerce) - 10 (Avenue Emile Zola) - 6 (Cambronne, Motte-Picquet)
10513		Bel appartement situé au coeur du 15éme arrondissement à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel , aux alentours de la rue des commerces ( boutiques de luxe , boulangerie , supermarché) , métro ( L 6 . 8 . 10 à deux minutes à pieds) et bus.
10514	Not owner occupied Non-Smoking Apt One block off of the Champ de Mars with view of Eiffel Tower from Balconettes (Pictures show you the view) 1 bedroom apartment.  Queen size bed  High-quality queen sized sofabed in Living Room.  46m2 (approx: 500 sq ft) 2nd floor (3rd floor US ) Elevator - upgraded 2009 Modern Bathroom with Shower Full kitchen with microwave, filtered water from tap + Brita Kettle & coffee maker Washer/dryer Flat screen TV Hairdryer Free wifi available Baby cot available Closest RER & Metros RER C - Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars Metro LIne 6, 8, 10  La Motte Picquet Metro Line 6 Dupliex	Not owner occupied Non-Smoking Apt One block off of the Champ de Mars with view of Eiffel Tower from Balconettes (Pictures show you the view) 1 bedroom apartment.  Queen size bed  High-quality queen sized sofabed in Living Room.  46m2 (approx: 500 sq ft) 2nd floor (3rd floor US ) Elevator - upgraded 2009 Modern Bathroom with Shower Full kitchen with microwave, filtered water from tap + Brita Kettle & coffee maker Washer/dryer Flat screen TV Hairdryer Free wifi available Baby cot available Closest RER & Metros RER C - Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars Metro LIne 6, 8, 10  La Motte Picquet Metro Line 6 Dupliex
10515	Location d'une jolie pièce (salon) dans un appartement de 45 mètres carrés. Cuisine séparée, wc et salle d'eau en état neuf	Location pièce (salon) tout confort avec canapé-lit d'angle, grand écran plat, coin salle à manger Accès à la cuisine, wc et salle d'eau (partagés) Possibilité de petit déjeuner 7 eur/pers Beau quartier proche Parc des Expositions et Convention Location d'une jolie pièce (salon) dans un appartement de 45 mètres carrés. Cuisine séparée, wc et salle d'eau en état neuf Salon privatif Cuisine, wc, salle de bains partagés avec les hôtes Renseignements sur les lieux de visite Langues: français, anglais, espagnol Beau quartier résidentiel situé à 5 min du Parc des Expositions (Porte de Versailles) et à 15 min de la Tour Eiffel en voiture Métros Convention (ligne 12) et Plaisance (ligne 13) à moins de 10 min, bus 62, 89 et 95 à deux pas Location de vélib et autolib en bas de la résidence Proximité tranports (bus, métro, vélib et autolib) et tous commerces:  supermarché, pharmacie, boulangerie, médecin, magasins
10516	You are going to appreciate this independant apartment located close to Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Les Invalides... This 28 m² flat is located rue César Franck, in a historic and very quiet building (absolutely no noise: the flat is on 7th and last floor on the courtyard). It is composed of 1 bedroom with a big bed (2 people), 1 living room with a kitchen (always with a little bit of food and drinks in the fridge, breakfast...), a separated bathroom. And a nice view on Montparnasse tower! On top of the 2 people bed (190x140 cm), a camp bed (included) can be put in the living room, though it'll be a bit tight. The flat is on 7th floor, with a lift till 6th floor. Just one thing to tell you: it's a bit hot in the summer, so it's made for the ones who like heat! Please feel free to contact me for more information! I speak English, Spanish and French.	You are going to appreciate this independant apartment located close to Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Les Invalides... This 28 m² flat is located rue César Franck, in a historic and very quiet building (absolutely no noise: the flat is on 7th and last floor on the courtyard). It is composed of 1 bedroom with a big bed (2 people), 1 living room with a kitchen (always with a little bit of food and drinks in the fridge, breakfast...), a separated bathroom. And a nice view on Montparnasse tower! On top of the 2 people bed (190x140 cm), a camp bed (included) can be put in the living room, though it'll be a bit tight. The flat is on 7th floor, with a lift till 6th floor. Just one thing to tell you: it's a bit hot in the summer, so it's made for the ones who like heat! Please feel free to contact me for more information! I speak English, Spanish and French. All utilities are included: cold & hot water, electricity, internet (wifi), washing and drying machine, dishwasher, microweave oven, 
10517	Unique Parisian Building in a great Area , great view,	Great flat very well situated close to Eiffel tower and best restaurants of paris. Unique Parisian Building in a great Area , great view, All the amenities are available on request Best guide in town , you can ask me if you need  secrets parisians places ;) The neighborhood is great , supermarket, restaurants, shopping malls, museum, eiffel tower... what else? ;) Metro: line 6 DUPLEIX or  line 8 LA MOTTE PIQUET GRENELLE or  Line 10 CHARLES MICHELS From the airport the best deal is to book a UBER low cost taxi... convenient and fast!
10518	Here you will leave in a lovely typical bright and quite Parisien Flat ! You may cook your own food in our kitchen. The flat and room are spacious. You may find everything you need around and Eiffel Tower is only at 20min far away from walking.	Here you will leave in a lovely typical bright and quite Parisien Flat ! You may cook your own food in our kitchen. The flat and room are spacious. You may find everything you need around and Eiffel Tower is only at 20min far away from walking. Here you will leave in a lovely typical bright and quite Parisien Flat ! You may cook your own food in our kitchen. The flat and room are spacious. You may find everything you need around and Eiffel Tower is only at 20min far away from walking. 1. You have access to: - This room - The small bathroom (when you leave the room, on your right) - The restroom (when you leave the room, on your left all the way down the corridor) - The kitchen (in front of the restroom). 2. You dont have access to: - The two other rooms, the large bathroom, and the living room. 3. Please be carefull, every noise is heard by everyone in the flat. 4. If you want new sheets or an extra one, you will find them in the wardrobe. 5. When you leave, if my flatmates are not the
10519		Deux pièces de 35 m2,quartier Charles Michel (XVème arrondissement) à moins de 2 km du Champ de Mars. Proche des transports (Metro Lignes 8 et 10, RER C) Situé au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans une rue très calme. Nombreux commerces à proximité Machine à Laver Four/Gazinière Frigidaire & Congélateur TV WIFI Table à repasser / Fer à repasser Metro Ligne 8 (Boucicault) : 6 minutes à pied Metro Ligne 10 (Charles Michel) : 5 minutes à pied RER C : 8 minutes à pied
10520		This is a very well located room, with Tour Eiffel at walking distance, metro and bus as well.  It's very confortable, very sunny and not noisy.  Perfect for people travelling to Paris for a short time
10521	This charming and luxurious suite is situated halfway between Montparnasse and Saint-Germain des Prés .The district is visited for its terraces, traditional restaurants, brasseries, cafes, you can also visit the famous Bakery Poilane  and taste it’s famous bread  and the shopping streets of St Germain des Prés and rue de Rennes with numerous luxury stores. This exclusive charming luxury suite is situated on the second  floor(with elevator) of a 19th century building, the apartment, entirely renovated in January2013, is decorated in tasteful and contemporary design. The suite is beautifully presented in true Parisian style. Elegant and sophisticated, the furniture is up-scale and very comfortable. The living room has a large sofa which converts to a comfortable double sofa-bed. There is a flat screen TV and a Wi Fi Internet modem for free high speed internet access.  The separate kitchen is open to the living room and is fully equipped. It has hotplates, microwave, fridge, a kettle, a c	This charming and luxurious suite is situated halfway between Montparnasse and Saint-Germain des Prés .The district is visited for its terraces, traditional restaurants, brasseries, cafes, you can also visit the famous Bakery Poilane  and taste it’s famous bread  and the shopping streets of St Germain des Prés and rue de Rennes with numerous luxury stores. This exclusive charming luxury suite is situated on the second  floor(with elevator) of a 19th century building, the apartment, entirely renovated in January2013, is decorated in tasteful and contemporary design. The suite is beautifully presented in true Parisian style. Elegant and sophisticated, the furniture is up-scale and very comfortable. The living room has a large sofa which converts to a comfortable double sofa-bed. There is a flat screen TV and a Wi Fi Internet modem for free high speed internet access.  The separate kitchen is open to the living room and is fully equipped. It has hotplates, microwave, fridge, a kettle, a c
10522		This wide and lovely 29m² studio is the perfect place for a short stay in the very famous 15th arrondissement. It has a central kitchen which is well equipped. For breakfast, a nespresso coffee machine will be at your disposal. 2nd floor.
10523	Nice bright and modern flat located in the heart of Paris near the Seine, and walking distance from Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro. This big flat with a surface of 52 m2 was completely renovated it is very bright, with a big living room and an open kitchen with bar. This nice modern bright flat is located in the heart of Paris.  1 big living room of 30 m2 with an opened kitchen with a bar.  A bedroom with a queen size bed for two persons . One bathroom with toilets  the flat is equipped with a convertible sofa for 2 sleeping extra places. All the necessary comfort: washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator with big space freezer, Oven, gaz cooktop, microwave oven .  Nespresso machine, TV flat screen, cable and internet Wi Fi.	Magnificent apartment of 52 m2, recently renovate and perfectly equipped, a big very bright lounge with two big windows with an open-plan kitchen with bar. Well equipped with a hi-fi system and with a flat screen with cable television. Fully-equipped Nice bright and modern flat located in the heart of Paris near the Seine, and walking distance from Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro. This big flat with a surface of 52 m2 was completely renovated it is very bright, with a big living room and an open kitchen with bar. This nice modern bright flat is located in the heart of Paris.  1 big living room of 30 m2 with an opened kitchen with a bar.  A bedroom with a queen size bed for two persons . One bathroom with toilets  the flat is equipped with a convertible sofa for 2 sleeping extra places. All the necessary comfort: washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator with big space freezer, Oven, gaz cooktop, microwave oven .  Nespresso machine, TV flat screen, cable and internet Wi Fi. Close to any groc
10524	J'habite cet appartement depuis plusieurs années. Je l'ai choisi et décoré à mon goût. Trois éléments en particulier expliquent pourquoi je l'aime autant : -- Tout d'abord, son caractère ancien, avec son parquet en bois, ses moulures et ses deux cheminées (qui ne sont plus utilisables malheureusement), que j'ai associé à une décoration contemporaine. Il s'agit d'un immeuble d'époque (type haussmanien), entièrement rénové, avec beaucoup de charme. -- J'apprécie ensuite la vue dégagée (l'appartement est au dernier étage - il y a un ascenseur) et son ensoleillement durant toute la journée. L'appartement est traversant. La cuisine est orientée Nord-Est, ce qui permet de prendre son petit-déjeuner au soleil. Le salon et la chambre, eux, donnent plein Sud et sont inondés de soleil durant toute l'après-midi. -- Je me sens enfin très heureux dans ce quartier, situé dans Paris intra-muros, proche des quartiers animés et touristiques de la capitale, mais toutefois au calme du tumulte de la grand	One-bedroom flat with a living-room and a separate kitchen. Very sunny and charming (original parquet floor). Typical Parisian building (Haussmann's style).  4 mins' walk to Convention metro station. Village-like atmosphere: small shops, cafés, typical French market 3 times a week, parks...).  Close to the Montparnasse area and the Eiffel Tower. Paris, 15th arrondissement. J'habite cet appartement depuis plusieurs années. Je l'ai choisi et décoré à mon goût. Trois éléments en particulier expliquent pourquoi je l'aime autant : -- Tout d'abord, son caractère ancien, avec son parquet en bois, ses moulures et ses deux cheminées (qui ne sont plus utilisables malheureusement), que j'ai associé à une décoration contemporaine. Il s'agit d'un immeuble d'époque (type haussmanien), entièrement rénové, avec beaucoup de charme. -- J'apprécie ensuite la vue dégagée (l'appartement est au dernier étage - il y a un ascenseur) et son ensoleillement durant toute la journée. L'appartement est traversant. 
10525	Charmant studio propre et lumineux !  Équipements à disposition : - Chauffage - Ventilateur - Télévision - Home cinéma - Four - plaques chauffantes - Frigidaire + Freezer  - Évier - Aspirateur - Douche - WC Tous les équipements du logement sont à votre disposition. 	Bonjour, Je sous loue mon appartement durant un voyage à l'étranger. Studio propre avec tout confort de 20m² situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris au calme (fenêtre sur cour). Idéal pour un séjour parisien à la limite du 14ème arrondissement. Charmant studio propre et lumineux !  Équipements à disposition : - Chauffage - Ventilateur - Télévision - Home cinéma - Four - plaques chauffantes - Frigidaire + Freezer  - Évier - Aspirateur - Douche - WC Tous les équipements du logement sont à votre disposition. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble du logement. Les locataires peuvent me joindre par mail ou par téléphone durant toute la période du séjour. Également une amie est disponible à côté du logement pour toute aide supplémentaire. Logement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, à la frontière du 14ème. Proche des commerces, pharmacies, tabacs, restaurants...  Endroit charmant, calme et A proximité du métro Pasteur (M6) et Pernety (M13).  A 15 min à pied de la gare Montparnass
10526	My flat is quiet and comfortable. You going to feel like at home in the city center of Paris.	My flat is in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. 15 minutes walk from the Effeil Tower. Nice shop, bar and restaurant are not so far. You have 4 subway lines near the flat (6, 8, 10 and 12) My flat is quiet and comfortable. You going to feel like at home in the city center of Paris. I rent my appartement during my holidays. You will have access to all. Kitchen, microwaves, nespresso, washing machine, iron, hair dryer... Metro 6 Cambronne - 5 minutes walk Metro 8 Commerce - 7 minutes walk Metro 10 Emile Zola - 5 minutes walk Metro 12 Vaugirard - 10 minutes walk
10527		Deux Pièces avec parquets et murs blancs, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, sur cour et exposition sud , grande chambre, cuisine équipée et salle de bains avec baignoire, à deux pas des commerces de Cambronne et Lecourbe et à 5 min du métro Volontaires et Vaugirard, location longue durée possible
10528	"- Great spot in residential area of the 15th arrondissement, 35 m2 ideally located on the left bank of Paris. Metro (ligne 13), tram and bus stop right around the corner. Master bedroom & beautiful terrace (16m2).  - Enjoy its large, quiet terrace, overlooking many trees and Parisian roofs… and the Eiffel Tower! It’s full of flowers, and equipped with umbrellas, tables and chairs.  - The rent includes: a fitted kitchen with Fridge, micro wave, and hotplates and cooking devices. - Have a walk on the open air market every Thursday and Sunday morning... or in the park ""Georges BRASSENS"" which is 5"" walk and enjoy its old books markets on the week end. - In August 2015 you can visit the exhibition LEGO (The Art of the Brick) at parc des Expositions (10 minutes walking) -Petit coin tranquille dans le 15e. Studio de 35 m2, et une belle terrasse de 16 m2, tout près de la ligne 13 et du parc des expositions.  -Profitez de la jolie terrasse fleurie, calme, surplombant les arbres, équipée de par"	"Very quiet and lovely flat,  near touristic areas. Large terrace with breathtaking view on Eiffel Tower. Best choice for a very Parisian experience for lovers… très romantique! Appartement mignon et très calme. Terrasse avec vue tour Eiffel! - Great spot in residential area of the 15th arrondissement, 35 m2 ideally located on the left bank of Paris. Metro (ligne 13), tram and bus stop right around the corner. Master bedroom & beautiful terrace (16m2).  - Enjoy its large, quiet terrace, overlooking many trees and Parisian roofs… and the Eiffel Tower! It’s full of flowers, and equipped with umbrellas, tables and chairs.  - The rent includes: a fitted kitchen with Fridge, micro wave, and hotplates and cooking devices. - Have a walk on the open air market every Thursday and Sunday morning... or in the park ""Georges BRASSENS"" which is 5"" walk and enjoy its old books markets on the week end. - In August 2015 you can visit the exhibition LEGO (The Art of the Brick) at parc des Expositions (10"
10529	Bien situé, confortable, spacieux, propre	Magnifique  3 Pièces de 60 m2 au 3ème étage avec ascenseur: Double séjour avec canapé convertible confortable à lattes, chambre avec vrai lit de 160 cm de large+penderie dressing, cuisine entièrement équipée et belle, SDB, wifi, tout confort Bien situé, confortable, spacieux, propre A l'ensemble de l'appartement et de ses prestations Je serai là pour les accompagner: avant, et pendant leur séjour si besoin Proche du métro, des commerces, bien fréquenté, animé, bonnes boulangeries et commerces de bouche Métro, bus, tram
10530	Spacieux, lumineux et central, cet appartement typique parisien vous permettra de vivre un séjour en totale immersion. La vue agréable sur la tour eiffel vous permettra de vous détendre de profiter de Paris tout en vous reposant après une journée de visite. Spacious, bright and central, this real parisian flat will give you the opportunity to be immersed in Paris. Moreover, the great view on the Eiffel Tower will permit you to enjoy Paris wile you're having a rest after a day in the capitale.	Je vous propose mon appartement de 50m2 situé dans le 15e arrondissement.  Idéalement situé, propre et lumineux, cet appartement typique parisien avec parquet ancien et cheminées sera parfait pour découvrir la capitale dans les meilleures conditions. Spacieux, lumineux et central, cet appartement typique parisien vous permettra de vivre un séjour en totale immersion. La vue agréable sur la tour eiffel vous permettra de vous détendre de profiter de Paris tout en vous reposant après une journée de visite. Spacious, bright and central, this real parisian flat will give you the opportunity to be immersed in Paris. Moreover, the great view on the Eiffel Tower will permit you to enjoy Paris wile you're having a rest after a day in the capitale. A proximité proche de l'appartement vous trouverez le métro (ligne 8 et 10), des bus, des restaurants, bars et lieux mythiques de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, la statue de la liberté parisienne, la Seine...). Nearby the appartment you have the subwa
10531	It has a terrace. It is equipped with a double bed, a very comfortable sofa bed for two persons in the living room and sofa bed in the second bedroom. It also has a combination oven with microwave, hob, washing machine, plenty of storage ... apartment renovated by architect, well distributed, very bright with open views. Dishes and linens provided. Lift, guardian. Shops are open 7/7 days. Métro and buses nearby.	PARIS 15, nearby Metro Boucicaut, 48 m2 apartment with 2 bedrooms and terrace.  7th floor with elevator : living room opening onto a 10 m2  terrace, two bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom. It has a terrace. It is equipped with a double bed, a very comfortable sofa bed for two persons in the living room and sofa bed in the second bedroom. It also has a combination oven with microwave, hob, washing machine, plenty of storage ... apartment renovated by architect, well distributed, very bright with open views. Dishes and linens provided. Lift, guardian. Shops are open 7/7 days. Métro and buses nearby. There is a TV with international channels, WIFI. I can interact with the guest by email or by phone.  The neighborhood is in central Paris, you can visit Paris by métro or bus. Shops are open 24/24. Métro Boucicaut (line 8) bus 80, 39 or 62. From Orly airport, it is 20 minutes by car or taxi (around 28 euros the taxi). From Charles De Gaulle Airport, you take the RER to Paris, then the métro. Th
10532	Very modern, sober design. 1 room with a 140x200 double bed and a desktop. One sofa bed is also available in the living room. Bathroom with italian shower and toilets. A private garden is also available.	"A whole new flat of 45m² at the 10th floor with 2 elevators and all accommodations. Very close to Metro line 8 & 12, Velib station and buses. Lot's of restaurants and shops nearby. 15 minutes to the eiffel tower by bike. Balcony & amazing view. Very modern, sober design. 1 room with a 140x200 double bed and a desktop. One sofa bed is also available in the living room. Bathroom with italian shower and toilets. A private garden is also available. Washing machine, dishwasher, kitchen, TV, internet with WiFi,  Nespresso machine. I'll by available by phone if you have any questions. Many restaurants of every parts of the world nearby (Korean, Indian, Lebanese, Japanese...), lots of shops. Close to the Eiffel Tower and the ""quais de Seine"". Also very close from the Javel Andre Citroen Park. 8 min by walking from 2 subway lines (8 & 12), Velib (public bikes for rental) just at the way out of the building. Buses n°62, 39 & 80 at less than 5 min by walking."
10533	Studio de charme de 22m2 à 5 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides. Il est situé dans une cour très calme  et sécurisée. Il y a un digicode pour entrer dans l'immeuble. Le hall et l'escalier sont très propres. Le studio est situé au 3ième étage sans ascenseur. Il est fermé par une serrure 3 points. C'est un petit nid douillet pour un séjour seul ou en amoureux dans une des plus belle ville du monde... Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour le petit déjeuner : le thé, le café et le chocolat sont offerts. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour tous ceux qui préfèreront se concocter des petits repas comme à la maison... Le linge de toilette, les draps et les couvertures sont fournis. Il y a beaucoup de rangements dans chaque partie du studio pour que vous puissiez vous installer le plus confortablement  possible : placards et étagères.  Sont laissés à votre disposition et pour votre plaisir quelques livres de théâtre, quelques CD ainsi que des guides de Paris en tout genre. Le studio dis	Studio de charme de 22m2 à 5 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides. Il est situé dans une cour très calme  et sécurisée. Il y a un digicode pour entrer dans l'immeuble. Le hall et l'escalier sont très propres. Le studio est situé au 3ième étage sans ascenseur. Il est fermé par une serrure 3 points. C'est un petit nid douillet pour un séjour seul ou en amoureux dans une des plus belle ville du monde... Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour le petit déjeuner : le thé, le café et le chocolat sont offerts. La cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour tous ceux qui préfèreront se concocter des petits repas comme à la maison... Le linge de toilette, les draps et les couvertures sont fournis. Il y a beaucoup de rangements dans chaque partie du studio pour que vous puissiez vous installer le plus confortablement  possible : placards et étagères.  Sont laissés à votre disposition et pour votre plaisir quelques livres de théâtre, quelques CD ainsi que des guides de Paris en tout genre. Le studio dis
10534	Appartement au charme parisien, idéalement situé au pied du parc Brassens du 15ème arrondissement proche de la Porte de Versailles.   Localisé au 3ème étage, donnant sur cour intérieure à l'abri des sonorités urbaines. L'appartement dispose d'un emplacement privilégié  plein sud, sans vis à vis qui lui apporte une bonne luminosité.  Une superficie de 42 m2 pour un T2 vous confère un grand espace chaleureux avec parquet au sol et moulures apparentes.  Une décoration au charme romantique vous attend ! L'appartement se compose d'un salon, chambre avec lit double (matelas latex très confortable), cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaque vitrocéramique, machine à laver..), salle de bain avec baignoire.  Drap de bain et literie sera à votre disposition à votre arrivée.  L'entrée est très bien sécurisée avec deux portes digicodes. Concernant l'emplacement, vous serez accueillis dans un quartier plutôt calme et agréable du 15ème arrondissement tout en profitant de plusieurs boutiques et comm	Bienvenue dans mon appartement au charme Parisien situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement se situe au 3ème étage d'un immeuble donnant sur cour intérieur. Le calme assuré ! Welcome to my lovely apartment ! Appartement au charme parisien, idéalement situé au pied du parc Brassens du 15ème arrondissement proche de la Porte de Versailles.   Localisé au 3ème étage, donnant sur cour intérieure à l'abri des sonorités urbaines. L'appartement dispose d'un emplacement privilégié  plein sud, sans vis à vis qui lui apporte une bonne luminosité.  Une superficie de 42 m2 pour un T2 vous confère un grand espace chaleureux avec parquet au sol et moulures apparentes.  Une décoration au charme romantique vous attend ! L'appartement se compose d'un salon, chambre avec lit double (matelas latex très confortable), cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaque vitrocéramique, machine à laver..), salle de bain avec baignoire.  Drap de bain et literie sera à votre disposition à votre arrivée.
10535	Appartement de 52m² en étage élevé offrant une vue imprenable sur tout Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Sacré Cœur, etc.) Notre grand balcon vous permettra de profiter du calme sur nos chaises longues ou d'apprécier un bon dîner avec pour spectacle le coucher de soleil derrière la tour Eiffel. La chambre est équipée d'un lit 2 places (160x200). Un lit gonflable, confortable et pratique, de deux places est disponible et peut être installé dans le salon. Dans le salon, une table à manger vous permettra également de prendre vos repas tous ensemble en profitant de la superbe vue sur Paris.	Appartement de 52m² en étage élevé offrant une vue imprenable sur tout Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Sacré Cœur, etc.) Notre grand balcon vous permettra de profiter du calme sur nos chaises longues ou d'apprécier un bon dîner avec pour spectacle le coucher de soleil derrière la tour Eiffel. La chambre est équipée d'un lit 2 places (160x200). Un lit gonflable, confortable et pratique, de deux places est disponible et peut être installé dans le salon. Dans le salon, une table à manger vous permettra également de prendre vos repas tous ensemble en profitant de la superbe vue sur Paris. L'appartement est entièrement équipé et vous aurez accès à tout le nécessaire pour votre séjour. Dans la cuisine: - lave-vaisselle - lave-linge - four - grille-pain, bouilloire - vaisselle et ustensiles de cuisine Salle de Bain: - baignoire - sèche-cheveux Les toilettes sont séparées Nous restons disponibles pour échanger avec vous en cas de besoin. L'appartement est situé à proximité du quartier très pari
10536		Nice flat recently renovated in the 15th disctrict of Paris. Queen size bed for 2 people +  The flat is located 15min away from the Eiffel tower in very convienient neigbourhood. Metro lines 8 / 10 / RERC 5 minutes by foot! 
10537	you will find in the apartment everything you need (sheets, towels, kitchen utensils, small appliances ....) In addition, for a late arrival you will find in the kitchen cupboard, needed for a  breakfast (tea, Coffee, Chocolate, sugar, milk ...)	"Beautiful Apartment Haussmann (Parisian) with charm, ideally located, you will find all shops nearby (bakery, bars, restaurants, supermarket, pharmacy) so that all facilities to move. you will find in the apartment everything you need (sheets, towels, kitchen utensils, small appliances ....) In addition, for a late arrival you will find in the kitchen cupboard, needed for a  breakfast (tea, Coffee, Chocolate, sugar, milk ...) You will have free access to your home through a safe code box to get key at any time. We will give you instructions 2 days before arrival. Throughout your stay, I remain at your disposal and can be reached on my mobile phone. If required, the maid can come to clean (at your expense). The apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris at 5 minutes walk from the Champs de Mars (  the Eiffel Tower Park). Opposite the apartment you will find the metro station ""La Motte Piquet Grenelle"" with 3 lines and 6 directions. The area is very commercial street includ"
10538	The apartment is at the 1st floor of a small and quiet residential building. With 2 bedrooms, it's perfect for a family.	The apartment is located in Beaugrenelle, one of the most desirable areas of Paris. The flat is next to Eiffel Tower (10min). This chic flat is recently renovated. We consider ourselves very lucky to be in such a fabulous location. The apartment is at the 1st floor of a small and quiet residential building. With 2 bedrooms, it's perfect for a family. In the living-room, there are a TV, a murphy bed and sofas.  In the bedroom, there are a TV, a comfortable bed, armchair, and chest of drawers. In the other bedroom, there are a comfortable bed, desk of drawers, and a dressing. The bathroom has luxious shower with the toilet. There is also washer/ dryer, hairdryer. Towels, soap/shampoo and bottled water provided also. The kitchen has high grade appliances which include refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, oven and coffee machine. I leave and study next to the apartment, so I can be here very quickly if there is any problem.  The apartment is a short walk to the Eiffel tower and Champ de Mars
10539	Our cosy studio is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, next to the Seine river and 15 minutes away from the Effeil tower. With RER C and Metro line 10 , 3 minutes walk from the appartment, you can easily go to Versailles, Notre Dame, Saint Germain and many other places. There is also a Velib Station (self service bike system) to explore Paris by bike. You have a grocery shop down the building and a big shopping center with more than 100 shops (Mark & Spencer, Zara, Sephora, Hollister, Nike, ....) 5 minutes away. The flat is made of a main room, an independant kitchen and a bathroom. In the room there is a sofa, a TV, free wifi and a table for up to 6 people and the bed (160x200). We can add a matress for an additional person. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, cooktop, fridge, nespresso coffee machine, all the cooking and dining equipment you might need and also a washing machine. Towels and sheets are provided. 	You will definitely feel like home in our cosy studio next to the Seine river and 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower RER C and Metro line 10 can take you straight to Versailles, Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Saint Germain 
10540	The apartment isLocated Dalou Street, a quiet street in the 15th district, minutes from the famous Montparnasse district. There are many shops, restaurants, theaters and cinemas in the vicinity, Two metro lines and five bus stops within 100 meters. It Is within walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and the Latin Quarter.  The Master Bedroom has queen size bed (160 × 200), a chest of drawers, a wardrobe, flat screen TV and DVD player. It overlooks it a nice garden with artist studios.  The Second Bedroom has a standard double bed (140 x 200), a closet, a chest of drawers and a desk.  The Living Room has two sofas (one of which opens up as a double bed), a dining table for up to 6 people, 6 chairs, flat screen TV and DVD player. There is also access to the balcony with a table and a pair of chairs.  The kitchen is fully equipped with the following appliances: fridge / freezer, electric and gas burner, oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle, coffee maker, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, fo	The apartment isLocated Dalou Street, a quiet street in the 15th district, minutes from the famous Montparnasse district. There are many shops, restaurants, theaters and cinemas in the vicinity, Two metro lines and five bus stops Within 100 meters. I The apartment isLocated Dalou Street, a quiet street in the 15th district, minutes from the famous Montparnasse district. There are many shops, restaurants, theaters and cinemas in the vicinity, Two metro lines and five bus stops within 100 meters. It Is within walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and the Latin Quarter.  The Master Bedroom has queen size bed (160 × 200), a chest of drawers, a wardrobe, flat screen TV and DVD player. It overlooks it a nice garden with artist studios.  The Second Bedroom has a standard double bed (140 x 200), a closet, a chest of drawers and a desk.  The Living Room has two sofas (one of which opens up as a double bed), a dining table for up to 6 people, 6 chairs, flat screen TV and DVD player. There is also
10541	Appartement de deux pièces. Séjour, avec cuisine americaine, et canapé lit  + une chambre d'enfant. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Idéal pour couple avec un enfant.  Two-room apartment . Living room with open kitchen and bar, and sofa + a children room . Bathroom with bathtub. Ideal for couples with a child. Apartamento dois ambiente. Uma sala com cozinha americana e um sofa-cama e um quarto de crianca.  Sala de banho com banheira. 	Appartement de deux pièces. Séjour, avec cuisine americaine, et canapé lit  + une chambre d'enfant. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Idéal pour couple avec un enfant.  Two-room apartment . Living room with open kitchen and bar, and sofa + a children room . Bathroom with bathtub. Ideal for couples with a child. Apartamento dois ambiente. Uma sala com cozinha americana e um sofa-cama e um quarto de crianca.  Sala de banho com banheira. total Paris 15eme. A proximité du parc André Citroën.  A trois stations de métro de la tour Eiffel. Quartier sympatique et tranquille.  Promenades agréables possibles dans les alentours... Paris 15th . Near the Parc André Citroën. Three metro stops from the Eiffel Tower. Nice and quiet neighborhood. Possible pleasant walks nearby ... Paris 15e. Perto do Parc André Citroën. A três estaçoes de métro da Torre Effeil. Bairro sympatico e tranquilo. Bien desservi :  - Metro 8 : Boucicaut  - Metro 12 : Convention/Porte de Versailles - Bus 62, N13 , N62 -Tram T3 - Nu
10542	c'est un 3 pièces spacieux, idéal pour une famille ou deux couples. Toutes les pièces donnent sur la terrasse avec vue sur cour (donc pas de bruit, on peut dormir les fenêtres ouvertes sans problème!) et sur la Tour Eiffel. Dans une des deux chambres il y a le cable (canal+ et beiing). 5e et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Digicode à l'entrée, très sécurisé.	c'est agréable de prendre l'apéritif sur la terrasse tout en admirant la Tour Eiffel! 2 chambres qui donnent aussi sur le haut de Tour Eiffel. Le quartier est calme et tout est à proximité (centre Beaugrenelle, Aquaboulevard). Marché 2 fois/semaine. c'est un 3 pièces spacieux, idéal pour une famille ou deux couples. Toutes les pièces donnent sur la terrasse avec vue sur cour (donc pas de bruit, on peut dormir les fenêtres ouvertes sans problème!) et sur la Tour Eiffel. Dans une des deux chambres il y a le cable (canal+ et beiing). 5e et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Digicode à l'entrée, très sécurisé. accès à tout l'appartement. la machine à laver, sèche linge sont à votre disposition toujours disponible sur mon portable. l'appartement se situe dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris. C'est un quartier calme et résidentiel. Tout est à proximité! La rue de la convention est très commerçante avec celle de la rue Saint Charles. Tout commerce, restaurants (restaurant gastronomique de Cyril Lyn
10543		Furnushed studio with shower and toilet, kitchenette, pull out bed, television. Peris Fifteen Arrondissement, near Metro Line 12, Porte de Versailles and Trams T3 and T2.
10544	Ce duplex de 120 m² sur 2 étages est composé d'une partie nuit au 6 ème, d'une partie vie au 7 ème étage. Au premier niveau, grande entrée, 3 chambres et 2 salles de bains.  La chambre parentale donne sur une belle terrasse très calme donnant côté square. Elle est équipée de 2 chaises longues, table et chaises de jardin et d'un barbecue. La deuxième chambre est une chambre d'enfant avec lit en 90cm de large.  La troisième, plus petite est équipée d'un dressing et d'un canapé lit 2 places en 120 de large. Ces deux chambres donnent côté Tour Eiffel. Les deux salles de bain sont équipées de douches et de wc. Un piano électrique est disponible dans l'entrée. Le deuxième niveau ouvre sur un grand plateau, distribuant un triple séjour, avec salon, salle à manger et espace bureau. La cuisine neuve est équipée d'un frigo américain, d'une cave à vin, de deux fours (classique et vapeur). Elle donne coté Tour Eiffel. Totalement traversant, l'appartement dispose de 4 grandes baies coulissantes côt	Un petit coin de ciel bleu en plein Paris. Spacieux duplex dernier étage, lumineux, calme, avec vue dégagée sur square côté terrasse et vue Tour Eiffel côté balcon.  Les 2 terrasses aménagées et arborées communiquent. Elles sont exposées sud/ouest. Ce duplex de 120 m² sur 2 étages est composé d'une partie nuit au 6 ème, d'une partie vie au 7 ème étage. Au premier niveau, grande entrée, 3 chambres et 2 salles de bains.  La chambre parentale donne sur une belle terrasse très calme donnant côté square. Elle est équipée de 2 chaises longues, table et chaises de jardin et d'un barbecue. La deuxième chambre est une chambre d'enfant avec lit en 90cm de large.  La troisième, plus petite est équipée d'un dressing et d'un canapé lit 2 places en 120 de large. Ces deux chambres donnent côté Tour Eiffel. Les deux salles de bain sont équipées de douches et de wc. Un piano électrique est disponible dans l'entrée. Le deuxième niveau ouvre sur un grand plateau, distribuant un triple séjour, avec salon,
10545	STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building equipped with a lift. Two gates with door codes will secure the building access. All the French windows are double-glazed, they open on a 6-meter continuous balcony that overlooks the Rue d'Ouessant. You will enter the building from the Rue de Pondichéry though. LAYOUT This typical Parisian 39 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated end of 2013. It has a separate bedroom and will suit up to two adults and a child. The entrance corridor opens on the charming and cozy living-room. It has been furnished with armchairs, a coffee table and a low sofa-bed. This fabric couch folds out into an occasional single bed of 120x190. Even if it is larger than a regular single bed, it will be suitable for a child only. The dining table will accommodate two guests. The French windows (double-glazed) open on a continous balcony. When the weather will allow it, a small table will be installed on the balcony so you can enjoy having y	Charming 39 sqm 1-bedroom to rent near the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Classical Parisian nest for a couple (with or without a child) with the comfort you can expect from an apartment renovated in December 2013. STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building equipped with a lift. Two gates with door codes will secure the building access. All the French windows are double-glazed, they open on a 6-meter continuous balcony that overlooks the Rue d'Ouessant. You will enter the building from the Rue de Pondichéry though. LAYOUT This typical Parisian 39 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated end of 2013. It has a separate bedroom and will suit up to two adults and a child. The entrance corridor opens on the charming and cozy living-room. It has been furnished with armchairs, a coffee table and a low sofa-bed. This fabric couch folds out into an occasional single bed of 120x190. Even if it is larger than a regular single bed, it will be suitable for a child only. The din
10546		Location d'un bel appartement 2 pièces à deux pas de la tour Eiffel (15 min. à pied). En rez de chaussée dans un cour intérieure très calme. Très bien desservi par les transports en communs (3 lignes de métro à proximité). Le logement est non fumeur Le quartier est calme et principalement fréquenté par de jeunes familles. L'appartement est idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris. Il est proche des lignes de métro N° 10 (Boulogne-Austerlitz), N° 8 (Balard-Créteil) et N° 6 ( Charles de Gaulle Etoile - Nation)
10547	you will love my apartment because it is clear , calm, a good size for a couple on holiday and close to the Eiffel Tower , Invalids and close to public transport	"A peaceful, 3-rooms apartment on the fifth floor  a freestone building with a lift, located a ten-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. Situated in a commercial district. 1 double bedroom- living room- dining room kitchen a bathroom completely repainted you will love my apartment because it is clear , calm, a good size for a couple on holiday and close to the Eiffel Tower , Invalids and close to public transport guests access to all  the apartment I can bring all the information desired by the guests during their stay the nearest metro station is ""Commerce"". You have also bus ""70"" and ""88"" the bathroom has been completely repainted"
10548	Located on the 12th floor of a building with lift. The access is secured by a gate with an intercom and a key. This apartment has double glazed windows and electric shutters. You will be amazed by this apartment bathed in light thanks to all the windows, and most of all, you will love the fantastic view, wether you are in the bedroom, the living-room or the kitchen, the view is wonderful ! A lovely balcony will enable you to full enjoy the view. This 56sqm apartment has two rooms, a separate bedroom and the main room. It can sleep two people. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms. First in front of you, you will access the lovely main room. You will instantaneously fall in love with this place and the fantastic views on both sides of the room. This main room has a dining area with a dining table for four people, and a living area with a comfortable couch, two very comfy armchairs, a coffee table and a flat television. The living-room features a DVD/CD player and a tuner, along with 	Amazing view from this romantic 1-bedroom 56sqm apartment with a balcony to rent for two people in the 15th district. Comfortable and spacious for a couple, this apartment is quiet and bathed in light. Located on the 12th floor of a building with lift. The access is secured by a gate with an intercom and a key. This apartment has double glazed windows and electric shutters. You will be amazed by this apartment bathed in light thanks to all the windows, and most of all, you will love the fantastic view, wether you are in the bedroom, the living-room or the kitchen, the view is wonderful ! A lovely balcony will enable you to full enjoy the view. This 56sqm apartment has two rooms, a separate bedroom and the main room. It can sleep two people. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms. First in front of you, you will access the lovely main room. You will instantaneously fall in love with this place and the fantastic views on both sides of the room. This main room has a dining area with a d
10549	 Appartement situé au 04è étage avec ascenseur donnant sur la rue pierre mille très calme. Une entrée, une belle pièce avec un canapé-lit (vrai sommier et matelas), télé, internet par la fibre, balconnet, armoire, cuisine équipée avec four, plaques vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur-congélateur, micro-onde, machine Nespresso+ dosettes, salle de douche et toilettes avec fenêtre, machine à laver... Commerces, transports en commun (métro et tramway à 200 mètres), bus... je suis disponible à l'heure du déjeuner   quartier animé de Convention tous transports à 200 m Commerces quartier convention et porte de vVersailles, transports en commun (métro et tramway à 200 mètres), bus... je suis disponible à l'heure du déjeuner   quartier animé de Convention et de porte de Versailles Franprix au pied de l immeuble, boulangeries restaurants, marchés samedi et mercredi Proximité du parc des Exposition Porte de Versailles  entrée porte B  stations: Tramway T3 /Métro ligne 12 ou Bus  89 pour le 14 e 6 e arr	Placed in the entrance of the district Convention/ Vaugirard and nearby immediate of the exhibition center of the Porte de Versailles, studio does up like new, bright and cosy. Any comfort, businesses, subway and streetcar in 200m all commodities all transports by 200 m
10550		Je loue mon appartement un grand F2 bien décoré, fonctionnel avec une chambre lit double (140x190) et un canapé lit dans le salon (140×200). Cet appartement a deux grands balcons en étage élevé (8ème) avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel notamment.
10551	A spacious modern Parisian studio with wooden floors, high ceilings and lots of light is available for short term rental when I am away. As a regular traveler, I know what visitors to foreign cities need and am happy to provide it for my guests. The apartment is fully furnished; it sleeps 2 in a comfortable double bed and there is also an expandable sofa.  Fully equipped kitchen (four glass burners, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher) and bathroom (modern shower, glass cabin, washing machine/dryer, WC).  The studio is situated in the 15th arrondissement, on the border with the 6th and the 7th. Nearest metro: Sevres-Lecourbe (line 6), Segur (UNESCO, line 10), Volontaires (line 12), Duroc (line 13). It is a walking distance from Bon Marche (Saint Germain), Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower park) and Montparnasse. Rue Lecourbe (right next to rue Blomet where the flat is situated) is a high street with numerous bakeries, markets, grocery stores and restaurants. Off the main street, the buildin	A spacious modern Parisian studio with wooden floors, high ceilings and lots of light in a quiet neighborhood within proximity of major landmarks. A spacious modern Parisian studio with wooden floors, high ceilings and lots of light is available for short term rental when I am away. As a regular traveler, I know what visitors to foreign cities need and am happy to provide it for my guests. The apartment is fully furnished; it sleeps 2 in a comfortable double bed and there is also an expandable sofa.  Fully equipped kitchen (four glass burners, oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher) and bathroom (modern shower, glass cabin, washing machine/dryer, WC).  The studio is situated in the 15th arrondissement, on the border with the 6th and the 7th. Nearest metro: Sevres-Lecourbe (line 6), Segur (UNESCO, line 10), Volontaires (line 12), Duroc (line 13). It is a walking distance from Bon Marche (Saint Germain), Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower park) and Montparnasse. Rue Lecourbe (right next to rue Bl
10552	The flat is spacious, one bedroom has a double bed, and the other has a single bed. The bathroom includes a bath/shower.	Excellent location, easy access by public transport to many tourist and shopping areas. Close to a park, food stores, food market 3 times a week. The flat can host  from 1 to 3 people. It has 2 bedrooms, balcony and a parking space for a small car. The flat is spacious, one bedroom has a double bed, and the other has a single bed. The bathroom includes a bath/shower. Guests will have access to the whole flat while I am away. If help needed with equipment or directions, I can easily be reached by phone or email. The flat is located in a very good area, safe, near a park, library, shops, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés. Situated on the 3rd floor, access by lift or stairs. Several bus lines, (phone number hidden). Underground line 12 and 13. Easy access to the latin quarter, Montparnasse, Pigalle, Montmartre, Champs Elysées. Close to the convention centre at Porte de Versailles. Access to Wifi, TV, washing machine, dish washer. Underground parkng space available for a small car, extra
10553	A nice 32m square flat with a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower.  1 minute walking and you're in the famous Rue du Commerce with the all the typical French boutiques you need for a good day of shopping. You're surrounded by historical monuments like Eiffel Tower (10minutes) or the military Hospital of the Invalides. There is a bathroom with a bath, seperated WC, a little kitchen opened on the living room. A big angle sofa bed . Three metropolitan lines are less than 5 minutes of walk: Line 8, line 10 and the famous aerian line 6. 	"A Perfect love nest in the heart of Paris. Near 3 lines of subway. Enjoy the amazing view on the Eiffel tower. A nice 32m square flat with a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower.  1 minute walking and you're in the famous Rue du Commerce with the all the typical French boutiques you need for a good day of shopping. You're surrounded by historical monuments like Eiffel Tower (10minutes) or the military Hospital of the Invalides. There is a bathroom with a bath, seperated WC, a little kitchen opened on the living room. A big angle sofa bed . Three metropolitan lines are less than 5 minutes of walk: Line 8, line 10 and the famous aerian line 6. - TV -Internet -Bathtub -Kitchen : Electric cooking/oven Charming and living neighbourhood with a taste of a french ""Village"". -The "" rue du commerce"" street and her many shops. -The brand new ""Beaugrenelle"" at 10 minutes walking. -Grocery store just down the building, a ""bio"" shop less than 10 minutes walking.  -3 different metro lines, less than 5 "
10554	Logement propre et fonctionnel. Nous proposons une chambre très simple avec lit 2 places et TV.	Je vous propose une chambre d'une belle surface en plein Paris, proche de la Tour Eiffel et du centre commercial Beaugrenelle Logement propre et fonctionnel. Nous proposons une chambre très simple avec lit 2 places et TV. Vous aurez accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement je me ferai un plaisir de vous conseiller sur les coins sympas de Paris Quartier et voisinage calmes donc merci de respecter les voisins L'appartement se situe à 2 pas de la station charles michel L10
10555	I will be present for any information and to make your stay in Paris more enjoyable  new studio in a residential luxury, in 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars and 5 minutes of the new shopping center Beaugrenelle with Pathé cinema with 10 screens  10 bars, lounges restaurants overlooking the Seine, panoramic view with freewifi.  The shopping center has great shops such as Occitane de provence, Guerlain, Maje, Claudie Pierlot, Michaer Kors, Baccarat, Kusmi tea...  with exceptional services: personal shopper, tax free service The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction hob, microwave, dishwasher;  and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home : toaster, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine. new studio fully equipped: double bed, sofa three seater that can be an extra bed.  television and wireless internet  two dressing for easy storage  machine washed, tumble drier,dishwasher, hoover. beautiful new bathroom w	Single room in a high standing tower. 10mn walk to the Eiffel Tower, 5mn walk to the centre Beaugrenelle mall, bikes and cars street renting station, subways stations. 24 hours 7 days a Week attendant. With view on Paris and the Invalides.  I will be present for any information and to make your stay in Paris more enjoyable  new studio in a residential luxury, in 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars and 5 minutes of the new shopping center Beaugrenelle with Pathé cinema with 10 screens  10 bars, lounges restaurants overlooking the Seine, panoramic view with freewifi.  The shopping center has great shops such as Occitane de provence, Guerlain, Maje, Claudie Pierlot, Michaer Kors, Baccarat, Kusmi tea...  with exceptional services: personal shopper, tax free service The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction hob, microwave, dishwasher;  and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home : toaster, kettle, Nespres
10556		Very bright 2 rooms, confortably fits two. Located close to metro station on line 8 which crosses all other metro lines! Very calm neighborhood with lots of shops. Includes fully equiped kitchen, linen, WiFi, telephone, espresso and washing machines 
10557	Ce bel appartement est situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence calme et sécurisée. Très lumineux, il est composé d'une entrée, d'un grand salon (canapé-lit deux places) avec terrasse, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, de toilettes séparées et d'une chambre (lit deux places 140x190cm). La chambre et la cuisine sont côté cour. Le salon et la petite terrasse sont exposés plein sud. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four à chaleur tournante, four micro-ondes, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur et machine Nespresso et ses capsules. Tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner si vous en avez l'envie. Very nice apartment, very bright and cosy. At the third floor with elevator, its total superficy is 50m² (540 ft2), with a large living room (with a balcony), a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. This apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to four people thanks to its very co	Ce bel appartement est situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence calme et sécurisée. Très lumineux, il est composé d'une entrée, d'un grand salon (canapé-lit deux places) avec terrasse, d'une cuisine équipée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, de toilettes séparées et d'une chambre (lit deux places 140x190cm). La chambre et la cuisine sont côté cour. Le salon et la petite terrasse sont exposés plein sud. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four à chaleur tournante, four micro-ondes, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur-congélateur et machine Nespresso et ses capsules. Tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner si vous en avez l'envie. Very nice apartment, very bright and cosy. At the third floor with elevator, its total superficy is 50m² (540 ft2), with a large living room (with a balcony), a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. This apartment is ideal for a couple, but can accommodate up to four people thanks to its very co
10558	Charmant deux pièces, typiquement parisien avec parquet et petite cheminée en marbre. L'appartement (5ème étage avec ascenseur) a une chambre à coucher avec un lit double mezzanine, un salon avec un grand canapé convertible très confortable pour 2, une petite cuisine ouverte sur le séjour et une salle de bain fonctionnelle. Avec ses 4 fenêtres orientées plein sud, l'appartement surplombant le bâtiment d'en face est très lumineux et n'a que peu de vis à vis. Rares sont les appartements parisiens où l'on peut voir le ciel ! Situé en arrière-cour, vous serez au calme, loin du brouhaha de la circulation tout en restant au cœur de l'effervescence de la capitale. L'appartement est équipé de: -Internet/Wifi  -Téléphone -Fer à repasser  -Machine à laver -Four/Four à micro-ondes  -Machine Senseo - Moka italienne -Bouilloire -Draps et serviettes. Notre volonté est que vous profitiez pleinement de votre visite et que vous passiez un excellent moment dans notre appartement, donc n'hésitez pas à no	Charmant appartement, typiquement parisien avec sa petite cheminée et son parquet, de 2 pièces pour des courtes ou longues durées.L'appartement, qui se trouve au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, a une chambre à coucher avec un grand lit double, un salon avec un un canapé convertible pour 2, une petite cuisine, et une salle de bain. La chambre à coucher et le salon ont 1 grande fenêtre, sans vis-à-vis, qui donne sur une superbe rue parisienne avec des immeubles Haussmanniens. L'appartement est situé e Charmant deux pièces, typiquement parisien avec parquet et petite cheminée en marbre. L'appartement (5ème étage avec ascenseur) a une chambre à coucher avec un lit double mezzanine, un salon avec un grand canapé convertible très confortable pour 2, une petite cuisine ouverte sur le séjour et une salle de bain fonctionnelle. Avec ses 4 fenêtres orientées plein sud, l'appartement surplombant le bâtiment d'en face est très lumineux et n'a que peu de vis à vis. Rares sont les appartements parisiens 
10559	Entire Flat with 2 rooms available in a 72 m² (square meters- -648 fsq) flat in Paris 15 (with a balcony), metro Boucicaut. 3 min from the metro and 10 min from the eiffel tower. Rooms are very quiet with view on a garden. Large Kitchen.  WIFI Access + Parking!! Host speaks English and Spanish.  This flat of 72m2 (648 sft) is composed of :  - one double-bed room, with 2 nightstands and one convenient. The room is very quiet and luminous, (view on a garden) and with no vis-à-vis.  - a second room : one single bed + a bed for children. This room is also very quiet and luminous with a view on the garden with no vis- a- vis. In addition 2 baby cots are available! - Living room : Big living room, luminous with a door-window that give a view on the street. (Very quiet streen given it's a one-way street. There is a TV, a sofa, a big oak-table (up to 10 people for dinner), and some french painting on the walls. - Next to the living room, you can have access to a flowered balcony of 7 square me	Entire Flat with 2 rooms available in a 72 m² (square meters- -648 fsq) flat in Paris 15 (with a balcony), metro Boucicaut. 3 min from the metro and 10 min from the eiffel tower. Rooms are very quiet with view on a garden. Large Kitchen.  WIFI Access + Parking!! Host speaks English and Spanish.  This flat of 72m2 (648 sft) is composed of :  - one double-bed room, with 2 nightstands and one convenient. The room is very quiet and luminous, (view on a garden) and with no vis-à-vis.  - a second room : one single bed + a bed for children. This room is also very quiet and luminous with a view on the garden with no vis- a- vis. In addition 2 baby cots are available! - Living room : Big living room, luminous with a door-window that give a view on the street. (Very quiet streen given it's a one-way street. There is a TV, a sofa, a big oak-table (up to 10 people for dinner), and some french painting on the walls. - Next to the living room, you can have access to a flowered balcony of 7 square me
10560	Car parking if needed	Very charming, clean and bright 80m2 apartment with spacious terrace, 10mn away from Eiffel Tower (1 station). 1 bedroom for 2 adults + 1 bedr for a child. Possibility to put an air mattress in the living room to get 2 extra adults. Fully furnished. Only the last room is closed, you have total access to the rest of the apartment. Quiet and family hood, close to many Parisian sites. 5mn in taxi and 10mn away in train from the Eiffel Tower 8mn in taxi and 15mn away in metro from Les Champs Elysées 4mn away from Metro Javel (line 10) and RER C Javel  5mn away from Metro Balard (line 8) The peaceful Andre Citroen park in front of the building Various excellent restaurants in this street
10561	The big 'plus' is not only its location, but also the fact that there is no daily/night traffic (mainly residential). This is a 'Haussmann-type' high ceiling flat with wooden floor.	August 2nd to August 16th Located 5 mins walk from the Eiffel tower and the Champs de Mars , This 2 bedrooms apartment is fully renovated.  Very nice neighborhood, lots of shops and cafes around.
10562	Perfect for visiting turistic places	Perfect for visiting turistic places Everyhting everyday Monuments, shops, coffee, restaurants métro 6 .8 . 10
10563	It is cosy and well equipped. Very good location.	Cosy studio, fully equipped, located in a street full of shops within the 15 quarter. 5 minutes walk away from Invalides and 15 from Eiffel tower. Very close to Montparnasse too. Reachable by three metro lines (6, 10 and 12). It is cosy and well equipped. Very good location. We can communicate in English, French or Spanish. I will not be there during your stay Beautiful neighborhood, safe and calm. The street has a lot of shops including supermarkets, wineries, fromageries, restaurants... Three metro lines really close (6, 10 and 12). Buses too.
10564	Several shops all around, two supermarkets, two bakeries, one butcher, restaurants... two big parks : André Citroën and Suzanne Lenghlen. 2 minutes from the Aquaboulevard where you can find a huge swimming pool, cinemas, a McDonald. 3 stations from Porte de Versailles.	46m2 apartment overlooking courtyard , large living room, a bed and a sofa bed for 2 people. Bathtub and double sinks. Separate kitchen. 10 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Several shops all around, two supermarkets, two bakeries, one butcher, restaurants... two big parks : André Citroën and Suzanne Lenghlen. 2 minutes from the Aquaboulevard where you can find a huge swimming pool, cinemas, a McDonald. 3 stations from Porte de Versailles. The entire flat. You will be alone in the apartment, but we will stay at two stations if you need some help. You can take the metro line 8 and the T2 tramway. With the line 8 you can join Concorde (the line 1 to the Champs-Elysées), Madeleine, Opéra, République...
10565	One room apart for 3 people + Balcony	 In the Eiffel Tower area.
10566	Situé sur cour, cet appartement de 2 pièces peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, 2 dans la chambre avec lit Queen Size et 2 dans le salon sur un matelas gonflable (type AirBed Intex) Queen Size.  La cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un four à micro-ondes, de plaques à induction et divers petits électroménager, elle est séparée du salon. La salle de bain est avec baignoire et lave linge. ---  It's a 2-rooms quiet flat can accommodate up to 4 people, 2 in the bedroom with queen bed and 2 in the living room on an airbed. The kitchen has an oven, a microwave, induction hob and various small appliances , it is separated from the living room. The bathroom is with tub and washing machine	Appartement 2 pièces en plein coeur du quartier Commerce et à 2 pas de la Tour Eiffel. Proche des métros 6, 8 et 10. Profitez du calme et du confort de cet appartement pouvant accueillir de 2 à 4 personnes. Situé sur cour, cet appartement de 2 pièces peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, 2 dans la chambre avec lit Queen Size et 2 dans le salon sur un matelas gonflable (type AirBed Intex) Queen Size.  La cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un four à micro-ondes, de plaques à induction et divers petits électroménager, elle est séparée du salon. La salle de bain est avec baignoire et lave linge. ---  It's a 2-rooms quiet flat can accommodate up to 4 people, 2 in the bedroom with queen bed and 2 in the living room on an airbed. The kitchen has an oven, a microwave, induction hob and various small appliances , it is separated from the living room. The bathroom is with tub and washing machine A 10min à pied de la Tour Effeil et au coeur d'un quartier animé et plein de vie, vous trouverez une mul
10567		Very calm apartment in a very safe and familial neightborhood. perfect for a stay to relax in the capital : Paris ! After a long and exauhausting day visiting paris, you will be happy to find your quiet apartment ! The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need any suggestion as to where to go ! Have a nice stay in Paris !
10568	This is a charming, luminous apartment. 2 bedrooms, a balcony with 2 chairs on the rue de Vaugirard, a fully furnished kitchen, and pleasant living room, to eat, drink, and relax.	Cosy Haussmanian style apartment, 55m2, fully furnished, with 2 bedrooms, including a balcony on Rue de Vaugirard, and located at Pasteur, an ideal location between the Eiffel tower (20 min walk) and Montparnasse (10min walk). Ideal for families. This is a charming, luminous apartment. 2 bedrooms, a balcony with 2 chairs on the rue de Vaugirard, a fully furnished kitchen, and pleasant living room, to eat, drink, and relax. You'll have access to the all space in the 55m2 flat. The neighborhood is nice,calm and secured. We are 20 min walk from the Eiffel tower, and 10 min walk from Montparnasse's shops and night life. It's also 1 minute walk from the Pasteur metro station. From there, you can take the line 6 and 12, to reach the Saint Germain-des-près, Champs Elysées, Denfert-Rochereau, Concorde, etc in 15 minutes. There's also many bus lines. It's pretty easy to reach any place you want in Paris.
10569		Mon appart a été refait il y a 1 mois et a une lumière exceptionnelle dans un très bel immeuble ancien au dernier étage avec une superbe vue. Il a tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour venir passer quelques jours à la maison et vous sentir chez vous L'appartement est entièrement pour vous pendant votre séjour. Il se situe au 7 eme et dernier etage de l immeuble. A disposition pour aider à trouver des restaurants, des visites guidées Plusieurs ligne de Bus sont a disposition ainsi que le metro, station de taxi et le vélib si vous souhaitez vous balader dans Paris en vélo
10570		New and very cosy central studio. 1 stop (or 12minutes walk) from Eiffel Tour. 2 minutes walk from Beaugrenelle shopping center. A maid comes each time to clean the place, change the towels and the bed sheets for you ! The neighbours are very quiet.
10571	Located off a typical and quiet street , see over the Parisian roofs, sits this beautiful & bright one bedroom apartment in a classic 19th Century Parisian building. Walk through the open courtyard & up 1 flight of stairs to your home away from home... in Paris.  Conveniently located, you'll be walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and 1 block away from Metro station Volontaires. Kick back at the cafe downstairs after a long day of sight-seeing. Or cross the street to sample cheese from the world-class fromagerie Androuet. The wine shop is right next door not to mention bakery, butcher, fish & fruits.  Perfect for a cozy night at home with the taste of Paris right out your front door.  This property has undergone a head a total renovation. Architecturally re-designed, the apartment features a fully-equipped open kitchen with wash dishes, microwave, fridge, ceramics, as well as new bathroom with shower and toilets, washing and drying linen machine and bedroom upstairs with tons of stor	Located off a typical and quiet street , see over the Parisian roofs, sits this beautiful & bright one bedroom apartment in a classic 19th Century Parisian building. Walk through the open courtyard & up 1 flight of stairs to your home away from home... in Paris.  Conveniently located, you'll be walking distance from the Eiffel Tower and 1 block away from Metro station Volontaires. Kick back at the cafe downstairs after a long day of sight-seeing. Or cross the street to sample cheese from the world-class fromagerie Androuet. The wine shop is right next door not to mention bakery, butcher, fish & fruits.  Perfect for a cozy night at home with the taste of Paris right out your front door.  This property has undergone a head a total renovation. Architecturally re-designed, the apartment features a fully-equipped open kitchen with wash dishes, microwave, fridge, ceramics, as well as new bathroom with shower and toilets, washing and drying linen machine and bedroom upstairs with tons of stor
10572	Cet appartement situé ,près du boulevard de Grenelle dans le 15 ème, au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur), dans un immeuble Haussmanien, a été entièrement rénové en novembre 2014, en préservant le charme de l'ancien, et tout en apportant le confort et la modernité. Le salon est lumineux, avec parquet et moulures au plafond, équipé d'un canapé-lit confortable (matelas 140x190 pour 2 personnes). La cuisine est entièrement équipée, très fonctionnelle, avec petit espace bar-repas, et vous permettra de cuisiner vos mets favoris (et pourquoi pas une spécialité française...). la chambre est calme, donne sur cour paisible, avec salle d'eau attenante. Les WC sont séparés.	T2 entièrement rénové au 2 ème étage Une chambre avec salle de bains, une cuisine équipée ( lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, plaque induction, micro-ondes...) WC séparés, Salon lumineux, TV, Wi-Fi A deux pas de la station de métro Bir Hakeim (Métro ligne 6). Cet appartement situé ,près du boulevard de Grenelle dans le 15 ème, au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur), dans un immeuble Haussmanien, a été entièrement rénové en novembre 2014, en préservant le charme de l'ancien, et tout en apportant le confort et la modernité. Le salon est lumineux, avec parquet et moulures au plafond, équipé d'un canapé-lit confortable (matelas 140x190 pour 2 personnes). La cuisine est entièrement équipée, très fonctionnelle, avec petit espace bar-repas, et vous permettra de cuisiner vos mets favoris (et pourquoi pas une spécialité française...). la chambre est calme, donne sur cour paisible, avec salle d'eau attenante. Les WC sont séparés. Télévision écran plat Internet Wifi Cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-ond
10573		Très grand (50 m2) souplex  au calme sur cour arborée, proche Montparnasse, metro Volontaires à 5 mn Beaucoup de charme, état impeccable SDB baignoire, cuisine indépendante , grand salon avec canapé une place, chambre non fermée avec lit 2 places.
10574		Grand salon et grande chambre avec lit double. Grande cuisine équipée, toilettes et sdb séparés. Cet appartement de charme parisien possède toutes les atouts pour un séjour réussi. Quartier très chaleureux proches des lieux remarquables de Paris.
10575	This lovely apartment 52 sqm is located rue Linois in the 15th district. You’re just few steps from Seine river and Eiffel tower in 10 mn by walking  You could  appreciate this lively, pleasant residential area with all amenities nearby .. You will find many shops rue de la Convention rue Charles Michel and rue du Commerce: bakery, butcher, supermarket, restaurant, coffee etc. The apartment is located on the ground floor, and thanks to its large French windows it is bright and very pleasant This apartment of 52 sqm2 consists in :  - A one bedroom with double bed queen size 160x200, a large wardrobe and cupboards, two bedside tables.  - A living : very bright with large window it is furnished with a sofa, a large flat-screen cable TV, hifi, DVD, wireless internet, a dinning table.  - A kitchen: fully equipped with oven, microwave dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle. A large bar overlooks the living room.  - Bathroom: shower with a washing and drying linen machine The build	Large flat 52 m2 for 4 persons Beaugrenelle area with all equipped kitchen, separate toilets, living room with television, free internet access by wifi, convertible sofa, bathroom shower, washing and drying linen machine, bedroom with queen size bed This lovely apartment 52 sqm is located rue Linois in the 15th district. You’re just few steps from Seine river and Eiffel tower in 10 mn by walking  You could  appreciate this lively, pleasant residential area with all amenities nearby .. You will find many shops rue de la Convention rue Charles Michel and rue du Commerce: bakery, butcher, supermarket, restaurant, coffee etc. The apartment is located on the ground floor, and thanks to its large French windows it is bright and very pleasant This apartment of 52 sqm2 consists in :  - A one bedroom with double bed queen size 160x200, a large wardrobe and cupboards, two bedside tables.  - A living : very bright with large window it is furnished with a sofa, a large flat-screen cable TV, hifi, 
10576		Studio de 17m² spacieux bien aménagé situé dans la rue Saint Charles RDC d'un immeuble Haussmanien qui donne sur une cours(proche rue de la Convention, métro Boucicaut L8, Javel L10, Convention L12). Proche de tout commerces. Quartier vivant, tout types de restauration, supérettes, magasins... Proche de la Tour Eiffel Metro: L8 Boucicaut , L10 Javel, L12 Convention Bus : 62 arrêt Convention/Saint Charles
10577	STANDING Haussmann building of very good quality. The Paris apartment is on the third floor with elevator. It is in a very quiet street. The access to the apartment is secured by two intercoms. LAYOUT Flat rental in Paris of 50 m2 consisting of a lounge, a kitchen and a bedroom. In the living area, a very nice leather sofa and an armchair provide a cozy atmosphere. A fireplace adds a note of charm. The French windows open on a small balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom is very modern with a beautiful Italian shower. Finally, the room facing the courtyard has a queen size double bed (180 * 200). To conclude, this is a typical Parisian apartment available to rent that is very near the Eiffel Tower and provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Light. 	The hustle and bustle of Parisian life surrounds you from this apartment rental in Paris. While being very near to the Eiffel Tower, it provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Light. STANDING Haussmann building of very good quality. The Paris apartment is on the third floor with elevator. It is in a very quiet street. The access to the apartment is secured by two intercoms. LAYOUT Flat rental in Paris of 50 m2 consisting of a lounge, a kitchen and a bedroom. In the living area, a very nice leather sofa and an armchair provide a cozy atmosphere. A fireplace adds a note of charm. The French windows open on a small balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom is very modern with a beautiful Italian shower. Finally, the room facing the courtyard has a queen size double bed (180 * 200). To conclude, this is a typical Parisian apartment available to rent that is very near the Eiffel Tower and provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Li
10578	This top-floor studio apartment is quiet and very well lit with a corner of the living room completely enclosed in glass overlooking a lovely, ivory-covered courtyard. It's the perfect romantic getaway for a couple. The Studio is in the 3rd floor without elevator. It can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children, but NOT 4 ADULTS, the sofa bed is 120cm wide, too narrow for the adults. Located in the 15th Arrondissement by the Métro Motte-Piquet Grenelle, it's just a 20 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and a 15 minute walk to Les Invalides, the burial place of Napoleon. The apartment is situated on a small, quiet street only minutes away from the rue du Commerce which is teaming with plenty of wonderful restaurants, cafes and delicatessen. You have the choice of 3 metro entrance, Emile Zola, just 2 minutes walking, takes you to Saint Germain des Pres, Odeon.. or Commerce, takes you to Opera, Madeleine, Grands Boulevards...or La Motte Piquet Grenelle, a large metro hub.	Located in the 15th district of Paris, just a 20-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, Sky studio parlor is a self-catering accommodation with a sky light and parquet flooring. Avenue Émile Zola Metro Station is only 130 metres away. This top-floor studio apartment is quiet and very well lit with a corner of the living room completely enclosed in glass overlooking a lovely, ivory-covered courtyard. It's the perfect romantic getaway for a couple. The Studio is in the 3rd floor without elevator. It can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children, but NOT 4 ADULTS, the sofa bed is 120cm wide, too narrow for the adults. Located in the 15th Arrondissement by the Métro Motte-Piquet Grenelle, it's just a 20 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and a 15 minute walk to Les Invalides, the burial place of Napoleon. The apartment is situated on a small, quiet street only minutes away from the rue du Commerce which is teaming with plenty of wonderful restaurants, cafes and delicatessen. You have the choice of 3 me
10579	The flat is located in the Convention and Georges Brassens areas in the 15th district;  here is free internet Wifi, TV with french channels available, fridge, microwave,oven, hotplates, hair dryer, iron, water boiler.  Separates main room from the kitchen and from the bathroom.  I borrow you all towels and i provide you creamshower, etc. Sheets and towels of course newly cleaned for each arrival.	Cute studio of 20m2, 3rd floor (lift or stairs, it's up to you ;); view on courtyard but very luminous grace of recent refurbishment of the building. Abstolutely clean. I give much importance for that.  Nice neighbors  and neighborhood ! The flat is located in the Convention and Georges Brassens areas in the 15th district;  here is free internet Wifi, TV with french channels available, fridge, microwave,oven, hotplates, hair dryer, iron, water boiler.  Separates main room from the kitchen and from the bathroom.  I borrow you all towels and i provide you creamshower, etc. Sheets and towels of course newly cleaned for each arrival. The wooden wardrobe in the main room is not allowed to guests. Every need you will have, I ll help you. My area ...  All my childhood, and now my adulthood. Many shops (a big Supermarket, faced to my building will provide everything you need for food and casual beauty grocery stuff), walking distance to bars, restaurants, and public transport. One of my favori
10580	Bel appartement typiquement parisien. Très belle terrasse aménagée. 1 chambre avec 2 lits simples (ou un lit double 160x200) et penderie. 1 autre chambre avec 2 lits simples (ou un lit double 160 cm x 200 cm). Placards dans l'entrée. Un salon avec 2 canapés lits, table pour les repas, télévision avec chaines internationales du cable, internet wifi free illimité. Salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine équipée avec plaques électriques, four , micro ondes, bouilloire, cafetière filtre, théière, lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant, table et fer à repasser.	BEL APPARTEMENT PARISIEN,TERRASSE. METROS  Duroc, Sèvres Lecourbe, Pasteur. Rénové février 2015. 2 chambres avec 4 lits simples ou 2 lits double 160 cm x 200 cm, un salon avec 2 canapés lits ,espace salle à manger,cuisine équipée, salle de bains, WC. Bel appartement typiquement parisien. Très belle terrasse aménagée. 1 chambre avec 2 lits simples (ou un lit double 160x200) et penderie. 1 autre chambre avec 2 lits simples (ou un lit double 160 cm x 200 cm). Placards dans l'entrée. Un salon avec 2 canapés lits, table pour les repas, télévision avec chaines internationales du cable, internet wifi free illimité. Salle de bain avec baignoire et WC Cuisine équipée avec plaques électriques, four , micro ondes, bouilloire, cafetière filtre, théière, lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant, table et fer à repasser. L'appartement est entièrement pour vous. Vous disposerez de tous les équipements: lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, wifi illimité,... Je n'habite pas l'immeuble, mais je suis toujours j
10581		Joli et confortable appartement de 20m² situé près de la Tour Eiffel. Studio au 6ème étage avec ascenseur avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel et balconnet. Quartier vivant et sécurisé. Appartement à 5 min de la ligne 10 et 15 min de la ligne 8.
10582	This pleasant apartment is on the first floor in a quiet building near to all amenities.  It is composed of a living room with an open kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom.	"This pleasant apartment is on the first floor in a quiet building near to all amenities.  It is composed of a living room with an open kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. The Georges Brassens neighborhood is a pleasant and lively place. The nearby park is a real asset that allows you to walk and children to play. Every weekend, a antic book fair take place near the park. Many shops offer a village atmosphere to the neighborhood. Restaurants and cafés around the park add the conviviality to that welcoming ambiance. At the Convention area, 10 minutes walk from the appartement, a market takes place every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday mornings. You can also find there many shops, restaurants and fast food. The line 13 of the subway (station ""Porte de Vanves""), 6 min walk from the appartement, serves areas such as :  the Montparnasse train station, the Invalides, the Champs Elysées, the Saint Lazare train station, the stade de France (soccer games), the  Saint Denis basilica... The line 12 of"
10583		This NEW, lovely and cosy studio of 14m².Perfect for a couple of lovers or friends. Near the Eiffel Tour and charming places. -washing machine-toaster-kettle-mixer-oven-double bed-Wifi
10584	90m² flat (4 rooms) : 3 bedrooms (2 double adult bed and 1 child bed) Tour Eiffel view from the 3 bedrooms and big terrace (20m²) facing south. 2 bathrooms. The building is aged from 1980 with 7 floors and one elevator. The appartement is at the 6th floor. A secured parking place is available in our underground parking.	Great for 4 people in the 15th arrondissement. 3 bedrooms ( 1 for 1 or 2 chidren) at the 6th floor. Eiffel see and great terrace facing south. 2 bathrooms Beaugrenelle Mall : 5 mn walk  Tour Eiffel (see) : 10 mn walk 90m² flat (4 rooms) : 3 bedrooms (2 double adult bed and 1 child bed) Tour Eiffel view from the 3 bedrooms and big terrace (20m²) facing south. 2 bathrooms. The building is aged from 1980 with 7 floors and one elevator. The appartement is at the 6th floor. A secured parking place is available in our underground parking. We can be available by phone if necessary The apartment is situated at walking distance from the Tour Eiffel and Champ de Mars (10 minutes  by feet) Metro lines in the area are :  Dupleix / Commerce (line 6) Charles Michels / La Motte Piquet (line 10) Bus : 42 The appartement is not shared with other people.  You will have all the apartment for you.
10585		"Welcome to my maison which I have fully refurbished  myself, only a few min away from the Eiffel Tower!  It is located in a wonderful and safe area. Great cafés, bakers, shops, market (Wed and Sun). 3 metro lines, buses, bikes. Ideal for couples! I will be in Paris during your stay: I will personally welcome you upon your arrival, and will provide you with any help you may need! Rue du Commerce is a charming street with many shops (bakers, butchers, cafés, cheese, wine, flowers, pharmacy, etc).  It is very central, and offers a safe and quiet environment. You should definitely enjoy a picnic by the Eiffel Tower during your stay; watching it dazzling at night is priceless! The three metro lines near the flat will make it easy for you to reach any spot in the city, but also to reach the Versailles castle right outside Paris: (website hidden) ""The best market in Paris"" takes place on Wednesday and Sunday mornings (until 1PM):  (website hidden)  There is a mall nearby, with great shopping "
10586		Sunny, comfortable and quiet (all rooms on a quiet yard ) 110 m2 flat located in the heart of Montparnasse area, in the south of Paris intra-muros. The kitchen is open, well equiped in cooking material.
10587		Apt 80m2, 6e etage, calme, lumineux, spacieux, long balcon sud/ouest, vue Tour Eiffel, proximite transports, commerces, bistrots,  cinema, quais de Seine et parc. Metro Commerce ou Charles Michel. Charme de l ancien, ascenseur, gardien.
10588		Je propose mon appartement entier. 1er étage 30m^2, 2 pièces, Lit double, sdb avec petite baignoire, petite cuisine. Situé en face du parc des expositions. A 2 pas du métro 12 et Tramway T2 et T3 Porte de Versailles. Location pour 2 nuits minimum.
10589		Appartement de 55m2 située sur la rue Lecourbe. Proche de nombreux commerces (boulangerie, fromager, boucherie…). L'appartement est situé à proximité des lignes 12 (Volontaires), 6 (Sèvres-Lecourbe), 10 (Émile Zola) et 8 (Commerce).
10590		Situé à 2 pas de la tour Eiffel, profitez de cet appartement idéalement placé de 2 pièces (45m2) qui offre le charme de l'ancien (vieux parquet, moulures) tout en étant très fonctionnel (cuisine équipée, lave-linge..) Peut loger 4 personnes
10591	The flat is 21 sq. m with one room, one separated kitchen/living room and one bathroom. It is all furnished (bed, table, chairs, wardrobe, hot plate, and fridge). There is no washing machine, but right down the building there is a laundry.  The flat is at the 5th floor, without elevator, but I did it for the last 10 years and it is fine :). ------------------------ Studio refait à neuf - 21m2, composé de 2 pièces (1 cuisine/salle à manger & 1 chambre) et 1 salle de bains. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Equipé et meublé, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, TV, lit et rangements. Pas de lave-linge, mais laverie au pied de l’immeuble. Salle d’eau séparée avec douche et WC.	The flat is 21 sq. m with one room, one separated kitchen/living room and one bathroom. It is all furnished (bed, table, chairs, wardrobe, hot plate, and fridge). There is no washing machine, but right down the building there is a laundry.  The flat is at the 5th floor, without elevator, but I did it for the last 10 years and it is fine :). ------------------------ Studio refait à neuf - 21m2, composé de 2 pièces (1 cuisine/salle à manger & 1 chambre) et 1 salle de bains. 5e étage sans ascenseur. Equipé et meublé, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, TV, lit et rangements. Pas de lave-linge, mais laverie au pied de l’immeuble. Salle d’eau séparée avec douche et WC. All the apartment. No other guests than you. A l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le studio vous sera entièrement disponible. I would be more than happy to give advice about Paris and some of my favorite places. Entièrement disponible pour des conseils ou pour des questions sur l'appartement. Great district ! It is 5 min by walking
10592		Logement très agréable en plein coeur du 15 ème arrondissement à 5mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, commerces autour à deux pas de l'immeuble, décor sympathique et accueillant une belle chambre avec un lit très douillet et un séjour avec canapé lit pour 2 personnes confortable, cuisine aménagé et salle de bain avec douche. Bel immeuble typiquement parisien. Metro La Motte Picquet-Grenelle ligne 6 - 8 et 10, près des Invalides,  Champs de Mars, et Arc du Triomphe Quartier très commerçant, près de la Rue du Commerce, à 5 mn de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, Invalides, et Champs Elysées Metro La Motte Picquet - Grenelle - Ligne 6 - 8 et 10
10593	The flat is located in a tipacally old parisian building. It is composed of an entrance, a living room with a kitchen part and a night part and a bathroom. It is on the 5th floor without lift. The 2 big windows in the living room offer a beautiful view on the Eiffel Tower! 	This large studio with a beautiful view on the Eiffel Tower is very welcoming! It can greet 2 persons, is near from every stores and is located at the foot of the tube! The flat is located in a tipacally old parisian building. It is composed of an entrance, a living room with a kitchen part and a night part and a bathroom. It is on the 5th floor without lift. The 2 big windows in the living room offer a beautiful view on the Eiffel Tower!  The major advantage of the flat is his closeness to the Eiffel Tower and the champ de Mars: less of 10min on foot! The quarter is also animated with the market which takes place twice a week at the foot of the flat on wednesday and sunday.  Every shops are nearby: bakery, cheese maker, minimarket, florist, etc. The flat is located at the foot of the Dupleix station (line 6) and at 5 min on foot of 2 other underground lines that serve all Paris. Like that, you will have a direct access to several touristic places: Arc de Triomphe, Invalides, Concorde,
10594	En plein cœur de Paris, très calme avec 2 chambres donnant sur une grande terrasse et jardin	Entre tour Eiffel et Montparnasse un trois-pièces très calme avec chambre donnant sur grande terrasse de 30 m². Cuisine américaine toutes équipées. Une place de parking. Peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. Proximité des commerces ligne de métro et de bus. En plein cœur de Paris, très calme avec 2 chambres donnant sur une grande terrasse et jardin Frigo congélateur, lave vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, lave-linge, sèche linge. Deux téléviseurs, chaînes hi-fi. Le plus : un piano Absente pendant le séjour des voyageurs Quartier très calme avec beaucoup de commerce. À proximité 10mn à pied du quartier Montparnasse. 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel. Métro ligne six et ligne 12. Bus 39 70 95 et 88 Les chiens sont acceptés
10595	Situé dans un immeuble calme. Magnifique emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris. Entrée, cuisine équipée, une pièce avec canapé-lit deux places et une mezzanine avec vrai lit deux places. Espace pour manger avec table quatre places. Salle de bain avec douche, et toilette séparée.  3 personnes souhaités, peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Voir le conditions des voyageurs supplémentaires. Fonctionnel et très lumineux. 5 ème étage sans ascenseur.	Studio 30m2 refait neuf , avec vue sur tour Eiffel. A deux pas de la Tour Eiffel,  Le champ de Mars, le Musée Rodin... Cuisine équipée, salle de bain, 1 mezzanine lit double, 1 canapé lit double. Très calme et lumineux Situé dans un immeuble calme. Magnifique emplacement idéal pour découvrir Paris. Entrée, cuisine équipée, une pièce avec canapé-lit deux places et une mezzanine avec vrai lit deux places. Espace pour manger avec table quatre places. Salle de bain avec douche, et toilette séparée.  3 personnes souhaités, peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Voir le conditions des voyageurs supplémentaires. Fonctionnel et très lumineux. 5 ème étage sans ascenseur. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement et à tous les équipements disponibles. Grand placard pour ranger valises, et vêtements. Je serai présent lors de votre arrivée pour vous remettre les clefs. Nous ferons un état des lieux. A deux pas de la tour Eiffel et de Champs de Mars, le logement est très bien situé. Quartier très agréab
10596	Little cocoon for executives who no longer support the soulless hotel or travelers who want to put their suitcase and enjoy Paris in a hyper equipped studio, enjoying a view of the Eiffel Tower. Very quiet flat.  Balcony. 4th floor. Lift	Beautiful studio overlooking the Eiffel Tower, one bedroom in Paris-15th. 10 walk from the Eiffel Tower. Shops typically Parisian neighborhood. Market 100m. 500m Beaugrenelle mall. 200m from the Rue du Commerce and Motte Picquet Little cocoon for executives who no longer support the soulless hotel or travelers who want to put their suitcase and enjoy Paris in a hyper equipped studio, enjoying a view of the Eiffel Tower. Very quiet flat.  Balcony. 4th floor. Lift The Seine is si close ! The Eiffel Tower is 10min walk ! The shops are at the foot of the building and opened to late in the evening. I just live in the apartment of the bottom, in the 3eme stage and shall be happy to help you, to assist in your discovery of Paris or simply to share a small glass of white wineon the balcony! Parisian neighborhood with local shops and easy access to all Paris.   Subway Dupleix Ligne 6 ta 100m Bus 42 at the foot of the building. RER  C at 10min walk
10597	The garden is really unique and very rare in central Paris!	Big and lovely studio wih an awesome private and sunny garden. Eiffel tower is very close as well as shops and restaurants. The apt is calm, clear, neat and fully furnished. It is the perfect place to stay a fews days to visit Paris. The garden is really unique and very rare in central Paris! Rooms: kitchen/living room, bathroom, toilets Subway line 6
10598	The appartment is very well situated, easy access to main attractions in Paris.Good shopping for food, clothes. Restaurants for all tastes.Very quiet and good security. Two bedrooms ideal for a couple and two children. Four people or five possible. Surface 63m²	"Located on a peaceful courtyard in the 15th district of Paris you are in walking distance to the Eiffel Tower,along the great shopping street,Rue du Commerce( Beaugrenelle). Very convenient metro and bus,easy to commute to Salons Porte de Versailles. The appartment is very well situated, easy access to main attractions in Paris.Good shopping for food, clothes. Restaurants for all tastes.Very quiet and good security. Two bedrooms ideal for a couple and two children. Four people or five possible. Surface 63m² TV and internet access, cd and radio player.  Washing machine, dish washer, oven, microwave. Lift,2nd floor on your right hand side as you exit the lift. You will have the appartment to yourselves. Good addresses in the area provided. I love the ""Café du Commerce"", 51 Rue du Commerce one of the oldest in Paris where you can have a delicious traditional French meal. Bistrot,great terrace, ""A la Tour Eiffel"" 96 Rue du Commerce for breakfast. You can walk to the Eiffel tower,Bateaux Mo"
10599	I am keen on hosting young people, to enable them to stay in a great area to visit Paris, according to their budget. A romantic stroll along the quay of Seine river, where lovely barges are moored, until  arriving at the foot of the Iron Lady : you exclaim ........ Majestic! As any self-respecting Parisian life, everything is within walking distance. You will find on Balard Square : cafés, breweries, bakeries, supermarket open until 22h00, bank, pharmacy, laundry, grocery shopping, famous St. Charles market on Tuesday and Friday mornings... The apartment, entiry renovated, is bright because on top floor with elevator in Haussmann building. Very quiet courtyard, double glazing, it is optimized 17m², arranged to bring you the best comfort for your stay. The flat is full of charming little details and always perfectly clean in every corner when you arrive. All necessary equipment is provided: TV and Internet Wifi acces with pivate passcode (new subscription on Déc 2014), Microwave multifu	"Living in this area is to live the everyday life of a real Parisian. Without ""tourist trap"", you will be immersed in a residential and dynamic environment where it feels good living I am keen on hosting young people, to enable them to stay in a great area to visit Paris, according to their budget. A romantic stroll along the quay of Seine river, where lovely barges are moored, until  arriving at the foot of the Iron Lady : you exclaim ........ Majestic! As any self-respecting Parisian life, everything is within walking distance. You will find on Balard Square : cafés, breweries, bakeries, supermarket open until 22h00, bank, pharmacy, laundry, grocery shopping, famous St. Charles market on Tuesday and Friday mornings... The apartment, entiry renovated, is bright because on top floor with elevator in Haussmann building. Very quiet courtyard, double glazing, it is optimized 17m², arranged to bring you the best comfort for your stay. The flat is full of charming little details and always p"
10600	You will enjoy a beautiful apartment about 60 sqm (630 sq.feet). Perfectly located between 7th and 15th districts. Well-kept “1900” type building with red bricks. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor, with elevator at your disposal. Apartment is towards the back with views of the courtyard, so totally quiet. 	This cosy apartment is perfectly located in front of Champs de Mars and 3 min walk from Eiffel Tower. Situated on the charming Avenue de Suffren, our apartment is very bright and quiet.  You will enjoy a beautiful apartment about 60 sqm (630 sq.feet). Perfectly located between 7th and 15th districts. Well-kept “1900” type building with red bricks. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor, with elevator at your disposal. Apartment is towards the back with views of the courtyard, so totally quiet.  Our apartment has been completely renovated and amenities include:  • Generous open kitchen with tea and coffee machine, washing machine, iron, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, etc;  • Nice living room with convertible sofa, TV with cable access, Wifi, dining space for 4 people and bar;  • Spacious bedroom with TV and cable access, sheets provided;  • A bathroom with shower, towels furnished. One of the most popular and elegant area in Paris, a postal card in front of the door.  Metro 6, 8 and
10601	This is a very good deal for two/max four persons. The apt is luxury, large, cozy, it has a nice walking closet, extremely beautiful inner yard and is very well maintained. Located in a high standard building, clean from top to bottom. It also has a very nice balcony where you could have a lunch or dinner (Summer is perfect for this in Paris). Close to the subway (10 line) and to RER C. Near Seine as well. Stores and Restaurants right near the building.	One shot really good deal, cozy and large 1 bedroom apt, great living room and balcony. Located near Seine and near Tour Eiffel, safe upscale area, near Tour Eiffel and main touristic points. The building is clean and modern, perfect deal for 2 or 3. This is a very good deal for two/max four persons. The apt is luxury, large, cozy, it has a nice walking closet, extremely beautiful inner yard and is very well maintained. Located in a high standard building, clean from top to bottom. It also has a very nice balcony where you could have a lunch or dinner (Summer is perfect for this in Paris). Close to the subway (10 line) and to RER C. Near Seine as well. Stores and Restaurants right near the building. In the house you can have access to everything as long as you will be respectful with the things. The house is fully equipped, it has washing machine, stove, microwave, TV etc. One of us is in town and ready to help you if you need anything.  If you respect this apt as you respect your home
10602		CHARMANT STUDIO AU MILIEU DU 6IEME 14 ET 15 IEME ARRONDISSEMENT, très proche des transport et de la Tour Eiffel
10603	43m2, spacieux. salle de bain avec baignoire. wc séparé. cuisine indépendante. 1 chambre avec 2 lits simples, un canapé lit 2 places dans le salon. balcon fleuri avec table et chaises. prix pour 2 personnes. 	Clair, spacieux, bien situé, Tour Eiffel à qq minutes à pied, transports à proximité immédiate, commerçants en bas de l'immeuble, petit balcon ensoleillé le matin. cuisine séparé, machine nespresso, bouilloire,salle de bain avec baignoire, wc. 43m2, spacieux. salle de bain avec baignoire. wc séparé. cuisine indépendante. 1 chambre avec 2 lits simples, un canapé lit 2 places dans le salon. balcon fleuri avec table et chaises. prix pour 2 personnes. logement entier selon le calendrier je suis sur place pour vous donner les clés et les informations sur l'appartement, i give you the keys myself. a deux pas des invalides, de la Tour Eiffel. quartier très commerçant et vivant, beaucoup de restaurants et de bars. the appartment is 10 min away from the eiffel tower, near very nice convienient, near bus and subway metro volontaires ( ligne 12) à 2 minutes à pied, sevres lecourbes ( ligne 6 correspondance RER A et B) à 7 minutes à pieds. bus 70,89 et 39 arrets à 2 minutes rue de vaugirard et rue
10604	Beautiful quiet family duplex apartment with garden view 115 Square meters with : - Spacious living room ( Ceiling is 4 meters High ) - 3 bedrooms - 2 Bathrooms - 1 toilet - 1 TV room Beds : - 1 double bed - 1 double sofa bed in the living room - 2 Bunk bed ( = 4 single bed ) in two bedrooms - 1 Extra single bed in TV room Equipped with : Washing machine / Dryer / Dishwasher / Internet / 2 Large LCD TV with cable network, complete kitchen (as we appreciate to cook).  Recently equipped with Culligan Home water softener system Close to cinemas, restaurants, street market, shopping area.  Immediate access to Eiffel tower, center of Paris, ...  Very safe area with concierge. Located in Paris (15th district), you will access easily to every place in Paris as we are only 3 min away from the subway and many public transportation (bus, tramway) . The appartment is very bright as the ceiling height in the living room is 4 meters ( 13 feet ) with two old and beautiful windows . This volume makes	Welcome in our very calm typical French loft in Paris. Big volumes will make you feel confortable in the living room. The windows are only located on a very calm garden. Beautiful quiet family duplex apartment with garden view 115 Square meters with : - Spacious living room ( Ceiling is 4 meters High ) - 3 bedrooms - 2 Bathrooms - 1 toilet - 1 TV room Beds : - 1 double bed - 1 double sofa bed in the living room - 2 Bunk bed ( = 4 single bed ) in two bedrooms - 1 Extra single bed in TV room Equipped with : Washing machine / Dryer / Dishwasher / Internet / 2 Large LCD TV with cable network, complete kitchen (as we appreciate to cook).  Recently equipped with Culligan Home water softener system Close to cinemas, restaurants, street market, shopping area.  Immediate access to Eiffel tower, center of Paris, ...  Very safe area with concierge. Located in Paris (15th district), you will access easily to every place in Paris as we are only 3 min away from the subway and many public transportat
10605		Studio de 18 m2 avec lit en mezzanine et canapé. Peut loger 2 personnes au coeur du 15e arrondissement parisien, à proximité de 4 lignes de métro et du centre névralgique de la Motte Picquet. A 10 min à pied du Champ de Mars et 15 de la Tour Eiffel.
10606		superbe studio meublé bien éclairé au pied de la bouche de métro BOUCICAUT (ligne 8) au coeur du 15eme. Clic clac IKEA récent et confortable. Commodités à proximités, machine à laver, micro-ondes, grille pain et machine à café sur place. Draps et serviettes bain fournis. Proche Tour Eiffel. Métro ligne 8 arrêt BOUCICAUT ou bus n•62 arrêt FÉLIX FAURE
10607		Situé dans le nouveau Quartier Beaugrenelle, ce joli T2 vous accueillera pour  votre séjour à Paris. Promenez-vous le long des péniches en bord de seine et accédez directement à la tour Eiffel en 15 min à pied. Juste à côté du Métro Charles Michels.
10608	Apartment  in « Haussmanian » building, 3rd floor with elevator, renovated, retaining the chic of old oak wood floors and high ceilings, moldings.  Beautiful living room with sofa bed, tv, radio,  one bedroom with a real double bed, desk with internet, wifi,  a fully equipped kitchen with all amenities and utensils : fridge , electric  stove with oven , microwave , toaster , electric kettle and coffee maker,    nice bathroom with shower and toilet.	Beautiful apartment, bright, perfect location, heart of Paris, near Eiffel Tower Very well located , 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower , 2 minutes from the metro station Charles Michels (tube line 10), bus stations, Apartment  in « Haussmanian » building, 3rd floor with elevator, renovated, retaining the chic of old oak wood floors and high ceilings, moldings.  Beautiful living room with sofa bed, tv, radio,  one bedroom with a real double bed, desk with internet, wifi,  a fully equipped kitchen with all amenities and utensils : fridge , electric  stove with oven , microwave , toaster , electric kettle and coffee maker,    nice bathroom with shower and toilet. Quiet street  but lively area with shops, pubs, restaurants : traditional French, Thai, Asian, Italian, American... close supermarkets, shopping at the new Beaugrenelle mall center. 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower , 2 minutes from the metro station Charles Michels (tube line 10), bus stations , easy connection to all si
10609	This 35sqm flat is ideally located in Paris. Cosy and sunny 2 rooms - 1 bedroom with queen sized bed and possibility to open the sofa bed in the living room that can accommodate a third person. The apartment is ideally situated, centrally located in the walking area of Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro, close to the Seine and Champs de Mars. 2 min walk from the typical market on Boulevard de grenelle (every Wednesday and Sunday). You can walk to most of this great Paris attractions from here. Everything is 5 min walking distance from the flat. You will love the location ! Also some of the best restaurants, terrasses and hype bars in Paris, this area is one of the trendiest and most search for. So enjoy being there!!! 10th floor with 2 elevators, spacious living room with a large flat-screen TV-set, nicely furnished with contemporary furniture, dining area with a big dining table and four chairs. Bathroom with shower and new washing machine a rare feature for Paris flats for rent, which adds m	This 35sqm flat is ideally located in Paris. Cosy and sunny 2 rooms - 1 bedroom with queen sized bed and possibility to open the sofa bed in the living room that can accommodate a third person. The apartment is ideally situated, centrally located in the walking area of Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro, close to the Seine and Champs de Mars. 2 min walk from the typical market on Boulevard de grenelle (every Wednesday and Sunday). You can walk to most of this great Paris attractions from here. Everything is 5 min walking distance from the flat. You will love the location ! Also some of the best restaurants, terrasses and hype bars in Paris, this area is one of the trendiest and most search for. So enjoy being there!!! 10th floor with 2 elevators, spacious living room with a large flat-screen TV-set, nicely furnished with contemporary furniture, dining area with a big dining table and four chairs. Bathroom with shower and new washing machine a rare feature for Paris flats for rent, which adds m
10610	L'appartement dispose d'un double vitrage permettant d'être au calme. Nous mettons également à votre disposition un barbecue électrique.	Appartement de 60m2, décor chaleureux, lumière traversante dans le salon. A 5min de la Tour Eiffel, situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Vous pourrez également profiter de notre balcon pour vos repas. L'appartement dispose d'un double vitrage permettant d'être au calme. Nous mettons également à votre disposition un barbecue électrique. Vous pourrez avoir accès à tout l'appartement. Nous resterons à votre disposition afin que vous puissiez passer un agréable séjour L'appartement est situé dans un beau quartier du 15ème, à proximité des commerces mais également des monuments les plus beaux de Paris à visiter comme la Tour Eiffel, le Trocadéro, le Palais de Tokyo, le parc Javel André Citroen. Vous pourrez aussi profiter des promenades sur les Bateaux mouche pour découvrir les joyaux de Paris. Pour le transport vous aurez le choix entre le bus 42 (en bas de l'appartement) par exemple, il passe sur les Champs Elysées et aussi par Opéra ou vous trouverez les grands magasins Galeries Lafayette
10611	Our 73 SM (786 SF) features, large windows, balcony that shows on the residence garden!  Neighborhood has lots of Monuments, shops, restaurants and is at the foot of Eiffel Tower on the line 6, 8 and 10 of the Metro.  Come stay with us in our bright, sunny home while you explore Paris. We look forward to hosting you, sharing delicious French cookies, advice on where to go, and help getting there.  “Rue Lourmel”, 2 min away from the apartment, is a commercial street with Artisanal Bakery, Master cheese-maker (Meilleur ouvrier de France), Wine shop, … “Beau Grenelle”, a new and modern shopping mall with Cinema, shops, restaurants is 15 min away. Our apartment is modern and includes: - 2 bedrooms - 1 big lounge with big dining table - 1 bathroom with bath - 1 separate toilet - 1 Kitchen with coffee machine “Nespresso” Our two bedrooms with balcony decorated with grass, relax is an island of calm amid the beautiful chaos of the city. After long days or crazy nights, you will come home to a	Our 73 SM (786 SF) features, large windows, balcony that shows on the residence garden! Neighborhood has lots of Monuments, shops, restaurants and is at the foot of Eiffel Tower on the ligne 6, 8 and 10 of the Metro. Our 73 SM (786 SF) features, large windows, balcony that shows on the residence garden!  Neighborhood has lots of Monuments, shops, restaurants and is at the foot of Eiffel Tower on the line 6, 8 and 10 of the Metro.  Come stay with us in our bright, sunny home while you explore Paris. We look forward to hosting you, sharing delicious French cookies, advice on where to go, and help getting there.  “Rue Lourmel”, 2 min away from the apartment, is a commercial street with Artisanal Bakery, Master cheese-maker (Meilleur ouvrier de France), Wine shop, … “Beau Grenelle”, a new and modern shopping mall with Cinema, shops, restaurants is 15 min away. Our apartment is modern and includes: - 2 bedrooms - 1 big lounge with big dining table - 1 bathroom with bath - 1 separate toilet 
10612		2 pièces très confortable avec parking sécurisé gratuit dans une résidence haut standing proche des transports en commun (5 min à pied) des métros porte de Versailles et Balard et des tramway ligne 2 et 3  L'appartement contient:  - Chambre à coucher avec un lit double.  - Salon avec un canapé d'angle convertible grande taille et un coin salle à manger.  - Cuisine totalement équipée avec lave linge et lave vaisselle.  - Salle de bain et salle d'eau.  -Terrasse privée de 25 m2 agréable et fleurie
10613	It is a very cosy flat where I live part of the time. As I travel very often the flat is available for rent. The flat is bright and warm and is ideal for a couple or a family of four.	This bright and comfy flat could be your perfect base for discovering Paris. It accommodates 2+2 and has all necessary amenities. It is located in the 15th district, 8 min. from 3 metro lines; bike station, supermarket and bakery next door. It is a very cosy flat where I live part of the time. As I travel very often the flat is available for rent. The flat is bright and warm and is ideal for a couple or a family of four. There aren't many tourist attractions in the immediate vicinity but you are no more than 20 min away from the very centre of the city. The charming 14th district is 10 minutes away and even Monmartre is a on a direct line. Usually I would be there to meet you and explain you a couple of things but then I would be absent during your stay. In case I am not there it is the cleaning lady who will meet you. The flat is close to a supermarket open 7 days per week as well as a bakery. About 10 min from the flat there is a public park - George Brassens. The flat is not far fro
10614	Beautiful Parisian apartment with 2 rooms (bedroom, living room, kitchen & bathroom), south-west facing with a balcony through the 5th floor of the building. The street is wide, the opposite is almost nonexistent! The large area of the apartment (58 m²) offers beautiful livable rooms.  Located in a neighborhood with both family and shopping, you will find all the shops you need for your stay and many bars & restaurants in the evening. At the foot of the building: bakery, bank, pharmacy, 3 cafes, supermarket and even a hairdresser! In the evening, this residential area offers a tranquil atmosphere deserved rest after a day visiting our capital.  Ideal for a romantic couple in Paris, you can freely enjoy all all the facilities of the apartment (wifi, stereo, TV & more than 500 dvd available). 	Between the Parc des Expositions, Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, this large 1 bedroom is the ideal starting point for all visitors in Paris! It can accommodate up to 2 people and is located in a neighborhood that is both calm and shopping. Beautiful Parisian apartment with 2 rooms (bedroom, living room, kitchen & bathroom), south-west facing with a balcony through the 5th floor of the building. The street is wide, the opposite is almost nonexistent! The large area of the apartment (58 m²) offers beautiful livable rooms.  Located in a neighborhood with both family and shopping, you will find all the shops you need for your stay and many bars & restaurants in the evening. At the foot of the building: bakery, bank, pharmacy, 3 cafes, supermarket and even a hairdresser! In the evening, this residential area offers a tranquil atmosphere deserved rest after a day visiting our capital.  Ideal for a romantic couple in Paris, you can freely enjoy all all the facilities of the apartment (wif
10615	Logement équipé d'un réfrigérateur, d'une machine à laver, d'un four/micro-ondes, d'un lit 140 x 200, d'une télévision, du wifi	Appartement de 2 pièces, de 30m2, bien agencé, tout équipé, avec une petite salle de bain,  situé dans un immeuble calme, entre les métros Convention  et Plaisance (ligne 12 et 13 : gares Saint Lazare et Montparnasse). English spoken if needed. Logement équipé d'un réfrigérateur, d'une machine à laver, d'un four/micro-ondes, d'un lit 140 x 200, d'une télévision, du wifi Quartier calme, avec plusieurs marchés par semaine sur la rue de la Convention. Petits commerces et Supermarché en face et à côtés de l'immeuble. proximité des lignes de métro 12 (Madeleine, Assemblée Nationale, gares Montparnasse et Saint Lazare, Sacré-Cœur, Concorde,...) et 13 (Gares Montparnasse et Saint Lazare, Invalides, Champs Elysées,...); et de la ligne de bus 89 (Luxembourg, Panthéon, Jardin des plantes,...)
10616	Un cadre plein de charme, à la décoration soignée, composé d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-onde, four, plaque électrique, frigo, lave-linge, machine Nespresso…), un grand salon (canapé convertible pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, instruments de musiques, téléviseur écran plasma, Wifi, câble,  une table console a rallonge pour les déjeuners en famille ou entre amis…), une chambre à coucher avec un grand dressing et le nécessaire de repassage, une salle d’eau et des WC séparé. L’appartement, le local à poubelle, sont desservis par des escaliers et un ascenseur.	Un bel appartement de 42 m2, agréable et cosy au 1 er étage d’un immeuble résidentiel, dans un cartier très animé (restaurants, bars, commerces), à proximité de la station de métro Convention et du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Un cadre plein de charme, à la décoration soignée, composé d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (micro-onde, four, plaque électrique, frigo, lave-linge, machine Nespresso…), un grand salon (canapé convertible pouvant accueillir 2 personnes, instruments de musiques, téléviseur écran plasma, Wifi, câble,  une table console a rallonge pour les déjeuners en famille ou entre amis…), une chambre à coucher avec un grand dressing et le nécessaire de repassage, une salle d’eau et des WC séparé. L’appartement, le local à poubelle, sont desservis par des escaliers et un ascenseur. Nous nous tiendrons à disposition pour toute information facilitant le séjour des voyageurs, par mail ou téléphone à n’importe quelle heure. A proximité de l’appartement, des resta
10617	Logement lumineux, agréable à vivre.	2 pièces spacieux, très clair, immeuble de caractère, cuisine équipée. 15 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel. Quartier  commerçant offrant différentes possibilités de promenade dans un ancien village parisien. Ballade piétonne le long de la Seine. Logement lumineux, agréable à vivre. Chambre, salon, placard, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec douche italienne. Lors de l'arrivée de mes hôtes. Grande variété de commerces, proche du centre commercial Beaugrenelle, belles salles de cinéma. Stations de métro : Commerce, Felix Faure, Charles Michel.  Bus 70 direct Hôtel de Ville.
10618	Logement 40 m² (431 sq ft) avec Chambre confortable (queen size bed) et joliment décorée. Nuit calme garantie.  Salon convivial avec meubles de goût, table de salle à manger et home Cinema.  Salle de Bain neuve avec douche à l'italienne. Cuisine neuve et intégralement équipée.	Deux-pièces Haussmanien typiquement parisien, entièrement rénové avec goût. Très calme dans le quartier  central de Lecourbe (UNESCO), à 10 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et des quartiers Montparnasse, Motte-Piquet.  Proche de 3 lignes de métro. Logement 40 m² (431 sq ft) avec Chambre confortable (queen size bed) et joliment décorée. Nuit calme garantie.  Salon convivial avec meubles de goût, table de salle à manger et home Cinema.  Salle de Bain neuve avec douche à l'italienne. Cuisine neuve et intégralement équipée. Accès à l'entier appartement Présence à la remise des clés et au départ (ou celle d'un proche). A 50 mètre de la rue Lecourbe et de ses nombreux commerces (Supermarchés, banques, restaurants, boucher, poissonnier, fromager, boulanger...).  Quartier calme et familial, très reposant mais central, permettant ainsi d'aller n'importe où à Paris en 30 min.  A 10 minutes à Pieds de Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel, Invalides, quais de Seine, quartiers Montparnasse, Motte Piquet Gr
10619		Studio situé en plein cœur de Paris. Accessible depuis la station Cambronne (10 min à pieds).  Proche de la Tour Eiffel et du champs de mars. Il est calme et lumineux. Canapé-lit type chauffeuse (2 places). J'y dors à l'année, très confortable.
10620	3 Pièces + 1 cuisine + 1 petit balcon. Cet appartement très parisien est habité par une personne durant l'année. Il permet de vivre à 3 ou 4 personnes car il est calme et que chaque chambre est indépendante et isolée de l'autre. Vivre a 3/4 maximum est idéal. Idéalement orienté le soleil illumine l'appartement toute la journée et le balcon permet de profiter de la fraîcheur.	L'appartement de type Haussmanien est de 55m² avec trois pièces dont 2 chambre permettant a 3/4 personnes d'avoir un pied a terre agréable et au calme dans Paris lors d'un séjour de visites touristique. 3 Pièces + 1 cuisine + 1 petit balcon. Cet appartement très parisien est habité par une personne durant l'année. Il permet de vivre à 3 ou 4 personnes car il est calme et que chaque chambre est indépendante et isolée de l'autre. Vivre a 3/4 maximum est idéal. Idéalement orienté le soleil illumine l'appartement toute la journée et le balcon permet de profiter de la fraîcheur. Le voyageur aura accès a tout l'appartement. En province je serai joignable durant le séjour des voyageurs et un mode d'emploi de la maison sera laissé a disposition. Le 15eme arrondisseent est un quartier calme et très agréable l'été avec 2 grands parcs a côté de l'appartement ( parc Georges Brassens / parc André Citroen). Proche de tout commerces et à 5 minutes du métro / tram / Bus la rue est calme et le quartier
10621	Located in a chic and quiet residential area, minutes away from great shoping and tourist sites. Other amenities: -Wi-Fi -Outside rolling shutters (+ inside curtains) -Flat screen TV -Nespresso coffee machine -Toaster -Washing machine -Oven/microwave -Fridge -Sheets & towels -Radio -Bath tube & shower Strickly NON-SMOKING flat. Even smoking by the window opened is forbidden. Deposit will be withheld if any smell of smoke is detected during check out.	"Nice 26m² studio in Paris 15th area, 8th floor with elevator in a modern building. Steps away from trendy Parisian shoping street ""Rue du commerce"" and 15mn walk from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Located in a chic and quiet residential area, minutes away from great shoping and tourist sites. Other amenities: -Wi-Fi -Outside rolling shutters (+ inside curtains) -Flat screen TV -Nespresso coffee machine -Toaster -Washing machine -Oven/microwave -Fridge -Sheets & towels -Radio -Bath tube & shower Strickly NON-SMOKING flat. Even smoking by the window opened is forbidden. Deposit will be withheld if any smell of smoke is detected during check out. Metro Stations (lines): Commerce (8th) - Emile Zola (10th) - Cambronne (6th) Velib (bicycle rental) stations down the building. Check in / Check out hours during working days (from Monday to Friday): 8:30am and between 7:30pm and 11:00pm. Check in / Check out hours during week-ends (Saturday + Sunday): more flexibility. To be discussed "
10622	Ce studio est doté d'un vrai lit 2 personnes mais il y a un couchage d'appoint au cas où une troisième personne souhaiterait venir (équipement à l'intérieur prévu pour 3)	Ce studio est doté d'un vrai lit 2 personnes mais il y a un couchage d'appoint au cas où une troisième personne souhaiterait venir (équipement à l'intérieur prévu pour 3) résidence au coeur de la vie du quartier de Beaugrenelle  au pied des commerces, à 50m du Métro (ligne 8 directe pour aller au coeur de Paris dans le quartier latin) et de plusieurs lignes de bus équipement cuisine : four, plaques électriques, cafetière, presse agrumes, machine nespresso avec capsules offertes, frigo avec partie congélateur. Nécessaire pour le petit déjeuner offert pour la première nuit et cadeau de bienvenue
10623	Lovely all equipped studio (32m2) with garden (30m2) to rent. 20 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and 5 minutes by walk from the Boucicaut station (line 8). In this place, you will always have the feeling to live in the countryside as all windows of the studio give on the garden, which is private. In the morning, you won't be woken by the noise of the city, but by small sparrows...  After a day full of visits and walks in the narrow streets of Paris, you will be happy to relax in a good sofa in front of the TV (provided) watching DVD (DVD player provided) or reading a good novel or listening to music (Ipod/Iphone speaker provided). If you like cooking, you'll find everything you need to prepare you a good meal... and for those who can read French, French recipe books are available. On the contrary, if you don't like or don't want to cook: micro-wave, oven, freezer (seprate from the fridge) are provided. If it is sunny, which might even happen in winter, you will be happy to have y	Lovely all equipped studio (32m2) with garden (30m2) to rent. 20 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and 5 minutes by walk from the Boucicaut station (line 8). In this place, you will always have the feeling to live in the countryside as all windows of the studio give on the garden, which is private. In the morning, you won't be woken by the noise of the city, but by small sparrows...  After a day full of visits and walks in the narrow streets of Paris, you will be happy to relax in a good sofa in front of the TV (provided) watching DVD (DVD player provided) or reading a good novel or listening to music (Ipod/Iphone speaker provided). If you like cooking, you'll find everything you need to prepare you a good meal... and for those who can read French, French recipe books are available. On the contrary, if you don't like or don't want to cook: micro-wave, oven, freezer (seprate from the fridge) are provided. If it is sunny, which might even happen in winter, you will be happy to have y
10624	Our appartment is bright, quiet and newly renovated. At 42m² (452 square feet), the appartment is spacious and has a great open-view of the building's private courtyard.   About the apartment: The appartment has a large and sunny living room with a central fireplace, a flat screen TV and an internet connection. The sofa is brand new, large and great to relax on. The bedroom is quiet and comfortable, with a view of the private courtyard. It is furnished with a queen bed (140cm/4.6ft) and contains a huge closet that is at your disposal. Bed sheets are provided. The kitchen is modern and fully equiped (fridge, washing-machine, micro-oven and heating plate). Dishes and pans are provided. The bathroom is well-designed and is outfitted with an amazing Italian shower. Towels are provided.  About the location: The appartment is located within walking distance to the most famous touristic attractions in Paris as the Eiffel Tour and Les Invalides and no more than 15 minutes by metro to Montparna	Our appartment is bright, quiet and newly renovated. At 42m² (452 square feet), the appartment is spacious and has a great open-view of the building's private courtyard.   About the apartment: The appartment has a large and sunny living room with a central fireplace, a flat screen TV and an internet connection. The sofa is brand new, large and great to relax on. The bedroom is quiet and comfortable, with a view of the private courtyard. It is furnished with a queen bed (140cm/4.6ft) and contains a huge closet that is at your disposal. Bed sheets are provided. The kitchen is modern and fully equiped (fridge, washing-machine, micro-oven and heating plate). Dishes and pans are provided. The bathroom is well-designed and is outfitted with an amazing Italian shower. Towels are provided.  About the location: The appartment is located within walking distance to the most famous touristic attractions in Paris as the Eiffel Tour and Les Invalides and no more than 15 minutes by metro to Montparna
10625	très agreable, brasserie au pied de l'immeuble où l'on mange très bien et surtout l'ambiance est géniale! voisins sympathiques	situé à 5min de Montparnasse, ma soeur et moi vous confions notre appartement qui a une vue agreable sur le parc goerges brassens du salon et d'une des chambres, dans un quartier très sympa avec des petites brasseries.pleins de commerces à proximité très agreable, brasserie au pied de l'immeuble où l'on mange très bien et surtout l'ambiance est géniale! voisins sympathiques quartier tranquil, un joli parc pour faire des piqueniques ou des apéros, ls gens du quartir tous tres sympa et serviables. carrefour, franprix pour faire les courses, magasins dans le quartier metro ligne 12 station convention bus 89 à 30 sec de l'immeuble qui va à montparnasse et au luxembourg bus 62 à 3 min de l'appart qui va à saint cloud et alesia..
10626	27éme étage dans un immeuble standing, vue sur tout Paris - 2 chambres vue Paris : un lit 200*220 et un canapé lit 2 personnes - Possibilité de lit bébé à disposition - 1 salon vue Tour Eiffel - 1 salle de bain avec douche et toilette - Cuisine américaine tout équipée Possibilité de louer des draps et des serviettes de bain	Bel appartement de 75m2 au coeur du 15e arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas du métro et de la tour Eiffel. Idéalement situé dans un quartier vivant et animé, dans ce trois pièces lumineux, avec une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et la Seine ! 27éme étage dans un immeuble standing, vue sur tout Paris - 2 chambres vue Paris : un lit 200*220 et un canapé lit 2 personnes - Possibilité de lit bébé à disposition - 1 salon vue Tour Eiffel - 1 salle de bain avec douche et toilette - Cuisine américaine tout équipée Possibilité de louer des draps et des serviettes de bain Métro Charles-Michel (ligne 10), Dupleix (ligne 6), Commerce (ligne 8) bus 70, 88, 42 Quartier du 15éme vivant, à côté du centre Beaugrenelle. Monoprix en bas, ouvert jusqu'à 22h00. Restaurants & primeur de quartier, magasins pour shopping... un quartier vivant tout en étant calme et sécuritaire. A 10 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Métro Charles-Michel (ligne 10), Dupleix (ligne 6), Commerce (ligne 8) bus 70, 88, 42. Au 
10627	Lovely apartment in a nice residential area full of life . Very close to restaurants, bars and shops. Situated in Paris 15th arrondissement at a 5 min walk from the subway (Line 12)  and bus station. 10 -15 min walk from the tramway (T3A) and Porte de Versailles. Entirely renovated 33m2 apartment with 2 beds ( one bed and one 140x 190 convertible couch ) , fully equipped kitchen and shower room. Located at the 3rd floor without elevator in a typical Parisian building from the early 1900s. Modern feeling, the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. 	Entirely renovated 33 sqm (m2) apartment with 2 beds, fully equipped kitchen and shower room. Located at the 3th floor without elevator in a typical Parisian building from the early 1900s. Lovely apartment in a nice residential area full of life . Very close to restaurants, bars and shops. Situated in Paris 15th arrondissement at a 5 min walk from the subway (Line 12)  and bus station. 10 -15 min walk from the tramway (T3A) and Porte de Versailles. Entirely renovated 33m2 apartment with 2 beds ( one bed and one 140x 190 convertible couch ) , fully equipped kitchen and shower room. Located at the 3rd floor without elevator in a typical Parisian building from the early 1900s. Modern feeling, the apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. I can be flexible with check-in and check out times. Please let me know as soon as possible about your arrival / departure time so that I can organize your arrival and check-out. We generally welcome you: -During the week: 7PM – 8:30AM and 12:30PM – 1:30P
10628	From 1 to 4 people can sleep in the appartment	Appartment with 1 bedroom and a living room on the third floor. 10min by foot to the Eiffel Tower and 15min with the Underground to the Champs Élisées. Shops and underground station (Bir Hakeim) very close. Perfect location to visit Paris.
10629		Appartement haussmannien doté d'une grande chambre et d'un salon avec balcon, une cuisine bien équipée et une grande salle de bain. A moins de 5 min du métro Vaugirard (M12) et moins de 10 min des stations Sèvres-Lecourbe (M6) et Félix Faure (M8) 
10630	Appartement calme,lumineux et fonctionnel.	Appartement de 40m carre avec une chambre et lit tres confortable.Salon equipe d'un canape-lit pour accueillir deux personnes (website hidden) cuisine est entierement equipee pour cuisiner sans probleme.Salle de bain agreable et propre. Appartement calme,lumineux et fonctionnel. L'appartement est entierement a vous. Je serais a votre disposition si vous avez des questions. Dans le 15eme arrondissement a la limite du 7eme arrondissement.Quartier familliale et calme avec de tres bons restaurants,des bars sympas et des artisans pour decouvrir la gastronomie francaise. Trois lignes de metro sont proches,comme le ligne 6,12 ou 10.Sinon des bus passent tres regulierement.
10631	Cosy et calm ,	"Appartement au coeur du XVIème Arrdt de 58m2 tout équipé, un salon une chambre une cuisine et une salle de bain et wc. A côté des quais de seine, à deux pas du quartier commerçant de Passy, proche des metros et bus, 15 min à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Cosy et calm , Internet, wifi , téléphone,TV, machine à laver , chauffage  I will be happy to help travellers with any necessary informations they need before and during their stay. I will be reachable through my phone during the whole stay to help my guests guests with any questions or queries they may encounter. The Passy / Trocadero neighbourhood is the ideal Parisian experience. You will be staying just off rue de Passy, which is full of shops, both for food and cloth shopping, commercial center ""beaugrenelle"" about 5min walk. Trocadero is just 15 minutes away by foot and will let you enjoy all cafés, pâtisseries and restaurants with a beautiful view on the Eiffel Tower. the closest Bus and metro (Mirabeau Line 10 and Ranelagh line 9 ),"
10632	The apartment has a living room with a sofa bed,  a bedroom with a double bed, a nice kitchen well equipped, a big bathroom and a WC. You can also take the sunshine of Paris on the terrace which opposite the museum Antoine Bourdelle. It is walking distance from many places to visit such as Eiffel Tower ,the seine, le Bon Marché, Luxembourg Garden, Montparnasse train station. It is ideal for tourists and also businessmen. Fully equipped : Wifi internet access, TV, washing machine, micro-wave, fridge, kitchen well equipped. The property will greet you on arrival, hand you over the keys and explain to you how to use the different amenities . Located just near the Tour Montparnasse in a quiet street, opposite the museum Antoine Bourdelle , well secured area. 4 metro lines(4,6,12,13,station Montparnasse Bienvenue),busses,big bike station,restaurants,markets,shops,museum, there are all you want.  4 metro lines(4,6,12,13,station Montparnasse Bienvenue),busses,big bike station, taxi (email hid	Apartment newly renovated ,located just near the Tour Montparnasse in a quiet street, 4 metro lines(4,6,12,13,station Montparnasse Bienvenue),bus, VELIB bicycles, restaurants,markets,shops,museum, there are all you want. Apartment is on the 3 floor with lift. Ideal for tourist and businessmen.
10633	- Appartement de caractère très lumineux avec ses 2 grandes fenêtres orientées Est Ouest et son parquet massif d'origine entièrement rénové.  - Une chambre donnant sur la cour intérieure au calme, un salon avec vue sur la Tour Montparnasse et les Invalides, une salle de bain avec douche et une cuisine équipée d'un lave linge.  - Immeuble de standing de 1900 station Pasteur.	26m² : 2 pièces, salle de bain, cuisine équipée au 6ème étage d'un immeuble de standing  pierre de taille, avec vue sur Montparnasse et l’Hôtel des Invalides, en face du Lycée Buffon.   Disponible immédiatement. - Appartement de caractère très lumineux avec ses 2 grandes fenêtres orientées Est Ouest et son parquet massif d'origine entièrement rénové.  - Une chambre donnant sur la cour intérieure au calme, un salon avec vue sur la Tour Montparnasse et les Invalides, une salle de bain avec douche et une cuisine équipée d'un lave linge.  - Immeuble de standing de 1900 station Pasteur. La rue de Staël constitue un havre de tranquillité l'été, car elle abrite le Lycée Buffon et le collège de Staël fermés sur cette période. En outre en contrebas se trouve l'ambassade de l’État d’Érythrée, au 1 rue de Staël, et à 300 mètres l'Avenue de Breteuil, offrant un spot idéal pour un pique-nique improvisé sur ses pelouses ou dans ses jardins.      Idéalement situé à 5mn à pied des Stations Pasteur et 
10634	The apartment welcome 4 people. With one bedroom with two people bed and a sofa in the living room for two more people	The apartment is composed to one bedroom with two people bed, a living room with an extra two people bed, kitchen, bathroom with bath and independent toilet. There is a balcony and also an elevator.  The apartment welcome 4 people. With one bedroom with two people bed and a sofa in the living room for two more people You will have access at the entire equipment of the apartment. Towel will be provide This apartment will rented in full, we won't be present during the stay,  But don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions during your stay by email or phone. The street is quiet and In the area there are a lot of shops, bar and restaurants. At 5 minutes walking there is the George Brassens Parc, at 15 minute walking of  Montparnass Tower, and 30 minutes of Effel Tower. 5 minutes from the subway and bus, to go directly to Champ Elysées, place de la Concorde, Le bon marché and many other famous place. From Charle de Gaulle airport it's 1h of public transport and from Orly airport 
10635	Agréable studio refait à neuf en 2015. Le studio a 23 m2, il y a une cuisine indépendante et une salle de bain avec wc. Parfait pour 2. Il se trouve au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Plaques de cuisson, four, micro onde,toaster, mini lave-vaisselle. Vous trouvez de nombreux commerces à l’angle de la rue (superette, boulangerie, restaurants) et les transports en commun sont à 2 minutes.  Possibilité de parking sous conditions. Location 2 jours minimum	Appartement Studio de 23m² au 2ème étage situé dans le 15eme arrondissement, à 2 minutes du centre commercial Beaugrenelle, à 12 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel. Metro ligne 10 Charles Michels, ligne 6 Bir Hakeim, Bus 42, 70, 80. Batobus, RER C Agréable studio refait à neuf en 2015. Le studio a 23 m2, il y a une cuisine indépendante et une salle de bain avec wc. Parfait pour 2. Il se trouve au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Plaques de cuisson, four, micro onde,toaster, mini lave-vaisselle. Vous trouvez de nombreux commerces à l’angle de la rue (superette, boulangerie, restaurants) et les transports en commun sont à 2 minutes.  Possibilité de parking sous conditions. Location 2 jours minimum Le studio en entier. Accueil et départ des locataires. Proximité de la Tour Eiffel,  Le centre commercial Beaugrenelle (commerces, cinema, restaurants), Rue du commerce, Promenade île aux Cygnes le long de la Seine, statue de la liberté. Quartier Saint Charles et ses commerces. Metro ligne 10 station C
10636	Cet appartement familial de quatre pièces est très lumineux car situé au sixième étage et bénéficiant d'une double exposition est-ouest. Il donne sur une rue assez animée mais les chambres  sur cour garantissent des nuits calmes. Il dispose d'une bibliothèque design coulissante qui enchante les visiteurs et d'une belle vue sur le haut de la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Appartement tout confort salle de bain et toilettes séparées.	100 m2. 4 pièces. 3  chambres. 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme et lumineux. 15 minutes de marche de la Tour Eiffel. Idéal famille.  5 personnes maximum. Tout confort (machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge, télévision, wifi). Métro Motte-Picquet. Cet appartement familial de quatre pièces est très lumineux car situé au sixième étage et bénéficiant d'une double exposition est-ouest. Il donne sur une rue assez animée mais les chambres  sur cour garantissent des nuits calmes. Il dispose d'une bibliothèque design coulissante qui enchante les visiteurs et d'une belle vue sur le haut de la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Appartement tout confort salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement.  Je souhaite échanger avec les voyageurs en français, anglais ou espagnol avant d'accepter la location et lors de la remise des clés.   La Motte-Picquet est un quartier agréable avec de nombreux restaurants. Proche du parc du Champ de Mars, de 
10637	The apartment is composed of a large room  with a bed and a living room with a big kitchen.  The kitchen is fully equipped with :  - Cooking Utensils - Toaster  - Refrigerator  - Hotplates - Cutlery  - Kettle - Coffee Machine - Dishwasher The bathroom is equiped with a nice shower. There is also a washing machine.	Elegant and beautiful apartment close to the Eiffel Tower.  Many restaurants, cafés, shops (bakery, butcher, cheesemonger, etc...)  Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris !  The apartment is composed of a large room  with a bed and a living room with a big kitchen.  The kitchen is fully equipped with :  - Cooking Utensils - Toaster  - Refrigerator  - Hotplates - Cutlery  - Kettle - Coffee Machine - Dishwasher The bathroom is equiped with a nice shower. There is also a washing machine. Bed linen and towels are provided, free Wifi. I offer you a welcome box with amenities (soap, shampoo, tissues, dental kit,...) There are a lot of great shops in the area.  Bakery, butcher, cheesemonger, fishmonger, newsstand,... Close to the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars.  There are two metro stations really close :  - Line 12 : Vaugirard - Line 6 : Cambronne 
10638	Idéal pour un week end à Paris à 2 ou 4, ce studio se compose d’une pièce à vivre très claire donnant sur un balcon, d’une cuisine équipée, TV et Wifi, proche de tous commerces et de plusieurs centres d'intérêts L'appartement se situe dans un immeuble ancien. D’une surface totale de 29 m2, il se compose d’une entrée, d’une pièce de vie comprenant une cuisine équipée et un coin nuit,ainsi que d’une salle de bain. Il est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. La baie vitrée dans le salon permet de profiter du balcon et du soleil pour l'apéro le soir. La pièce principale se compose :  - d’un espace salon : canapé, table basse, meuble TV, Box Internet WIFI, une table - d’un coin nuit : vrai lit double (190x140).  - d'un coin cuisine tout-équipé : réfrigérateur, lave-linge, plaques électriques, four micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire. L’ensemble de la vaisselle, des couverts et des ustensiles de cuisine est bien sûr à votre disposition. La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche, d'une meuble	Idéal pour un week end à Paris à 2 ou 4, ce studio se compose d’une pièce à vivre très claire donnant sur un balcon, d’une cuisine équipée, TV et Wifi, proche de tous commerces et de plusieurs centres d'intérêts Idéal pour un week end à Paris à 2 ou 4, ce studio se compose d’une pièce à vivre très claire donnant sur un balcon, d’une cuisine équipée, TV et Wifi, proche de tous commerces et de plusieurs centres d'intérêts L'appartement se situe dans un immeuble ancien. D’une surface totale de 29 m2, il se compose d’une entrée, d’une pièce de vie comprenant une cuisine équipée et un coin nuit,ainsi que d’une salle de bain. Il est situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. La baie vitrée dans le salon permet de profiter du balcon et du soleil pour l'apéro le soir. La pièce principale se compose :  - d’un espace salon : canapé, table basse, meuble TV, Box Internet WIFI, une table - d’un coin nuit : vrai lit double (190x140).  - d'un coin cuisine tout-équipé : réfrigérateur, lave-linge, plaques éle
10639		Appartement lumineux avec sympathique balcon dans un quartier tranquille à 2 pas du parc George Brassens et à 10' à pied du parc des expositions de la porte de Versaille Ligne 89/95 - métro : convention - Tramway station Georges Brassens
10640		SO!Mignon studio de 25m², Cartier tres chic du 15 émé Arrandissment, dans la plus grande rue de paris (Rue Vaugirard),tout type de commerce à proximité (Carfour,star bucks Métro 2 mn Tour Eiffel 10 mn de marche  Tour montaparnasse 10 mn de marche
10641	Appartement cosy au 9eme étage avec ascenseur  En face supermarché tabac , banque  dans la rue de nombreux commerces pour faire du shopping	A 2min from the metro and tram. At the foot showroom, the congress hall. Small apartment T2 student 55m2 with 2 terraces. I leave you my apartment with a bedroom for a living couple functional kitchen
10642	Bel appartement de 40M2, - (website hidden)-/TV .Plein centre  Paris, près gare Montparnasse (200m) , à 10 mn à pieds de Saint Germain des Prés,100m de la rue de Rennes. Invalides,Tour Eiffel à 15mn. Musée LOUVRE. commerces. Open Tours. Métros. bus.  2 pièces,  1er étage,  ascenseur, cuisine ,  salon avec parquet, chambre , salle de bains.     French breakfast inclued. ((website hidden).butter.jam.//bath towel included. shampoo. soap. inclued) - location minimum  6 nuits. ( pas d'animaux, et NON  FUMEURS.- no smoking ) --- Very Important:  Always take apartment before 6.30pm- after this time, the keys next day. L 'appartement est proche de plusieurs lignes de métro (lignes 6-4-12-13), stations de taxis,   nombreuses lignes de bus traversant tout Paris(phone number hidden) etc..). Open Tours. .....  C'est le quartier le mieux placé de Paris, avec plus de 500 commerces, cafés, restaurants, cinémas, théâtres.  ( Its  the  best  district   in PARIS for all directions)  ( bus.  métros. taxi	DISTRICT Montparnasse, the BEST in Paris.TRES BEL APPARTEMENT-(se habla espanol) ascenceur.1er étage, 2 pièces,salle de bains, cuisine.WIFI-/Métros, bus,taxis, Open Tour, restaurants. -It must book at least 3 days before, and  arrived before  6.30PM. Bel appartement de 40M2, - (website hidden)-/TV .Plein centre  Paris, près gare Montparnasse (200m) , à 10 mn à pieds de Saint Germain des Prés,100m de la rue de Rennes. Invalides,Tour Eiffel à 15mn. Musée LOUVRE. commerces. Open Tours. Métros. bus.  2 pièces,  1er étage,  ascenseur, cuisine ,  salon avec parquet, chambre , salle de bains.     French breakfast inclued. ((website hidden).butter.jam.//bath towel included. shampoo. soap. inclued) - location minimum  6 nuits. ( pas d'animaux, et NON  FUMEURS.- no smoking ) --- Very Important:  Always take apartment before 6.30pm- after this time, the keys next day. L 'appartement est proche de plusieurs lignes de métro (lignes 6-4-12-13), stations de taxis,   nombreuses lignes de bus traversan
10643		A studio apartment with perfect location to visit all of Paris (Metro & RER trains 2mins, Eiffel Tower just a 15min walk). Very safe and secure in a nice area. Spacious, clean and tidy with a double bed perfect for two people. Balcony for smokers. 
10644	Appartement moderne et confortable avec petite terrasse ensoleillée, 66 m2  dans le cœur du quartier convention.  Cuisine ouverte sur beau salon lumineux (35m²) avec terrasse (3m²) - 1 canapé lit 140 cm 1 chambre adulte (12m²) - 1 lit double 160cm 1 chambre enfant (possibilité couchage adulte - 1 clic-clac 140 cm, 1 lit bébé (-3ans), 1 lit bébé parapluie, 1 couffin nourrisson.  1 grande salle de bain moderne et chaleureuse avec douche à l'italienne (galets au sol), baignoire, vasque, et possibilité table à langer. WC séparés Parking en sous-sol inclus 	Refait à neuf, agréable et fonctionnel à deux pas du métro convention et du marché. Cuisine américaine moderne sur beau salon avec petite terrasse ensoleillée, deux belles chambres et grande salle de bain. Appartement moderne et confortable avec petite terrasse ensoleillée, 66 m2  dans le cœur du quartier convention.  Cuisine ouverte sur beau salon lumineux (35m²) avec terrasse (3m²) - 1 canapé lit 140 cm 1 chambre adulte (12m²) - 1 lit double 160cm 1 chambre enfant (possibilité couchage adulte - 1 clic-clac 140 cm, 1 lit bébé (-3ans), 1 lit bébé parapluie, 1 couffin nourrisson.  1 grande salle de bain moderne et chaleureuse avec douche à l'italienne (galets au sol), baignoire, vasque, et possibilité table à langer. WC séparés Parking en sous-sol inclus Logement dans son intégralité Nous vous accueillerons et nous vous transmettrons quelques adresses agréables dans le quartier Un quartier parisien typique, familial et agréable. Marché les mardis, jeudis, et dimanches, beaucoup de petit
10645	THE APARTMENT The apartment consists of 1 bedroom, 2 small bathrooms, a kitchen with living space for 3 people, a dining room and a living room with a double sofa bed. The bedroom has a double bed that can be divided into two single beds. The kitchen is equipped with electric plate, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine and a small table and chairs for breakfast. In the living room there is a television, a telephone for free calls in Europe and North America. From the garage, located in the basement of the building next door, you go up to the apartment without encountering a single step. If kept properly ventilated, the apartment is cool even in summer. With buses departing from bus stops in rue Cambrone and the rue de Vaugirard, you can directly reach most of Paris. Four underground stations Cambronne, Sèvres-Lecourbe Volontaires Vaugirard (at 5-600 m from the condo) directly connected with the RER allow for easy travel throughout the Paris region. 	The apartment is located in a quiet street about fifty meters away from the intersection between the streets Lecourbe and Cambronne, a little less than 2000 meters from  the Gare de Momparnasse. The apartment consists of 1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen, a dining room and a living room.  THE APARTMENT The apartment consists of 1 bedroom, 2 small bathrooms, a kitchen with living space for 3 people, a dining room and a living room with a double sofa bed. The bedroom has a double bed that can be divided into two single beds. The kitchen is equipped with electric plate, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine and a small table and chairs for breakfast. In the living room there is a television, a telephone for free calls in Europe and North America. From the garage, located in the basement of the building next door, you go up to the apartment without encountering a single step. If kept properly ventilated, the apartment is cool even in summer. With buses departing from bus stops in rue C
10646	Nice typical Parisian flat, under the roof, very good located in the South West of Paris 50 m from Metro “La Motte Piquet Grenelle” on Metro line 6, 8 or10, and 5 minutes away on foot from the Eiffel Tower. The flat, completely refurbished, is a 2 room apartment of 35 square meters very quiet and sunny which overlooks the courtyard. It has one independent room with double bed and wardrobe, a living room with kitchen and a bathroom with washing machine. Bed sheets will be provided. It is on the 7th and last floor WITHOUT elevator and by service stairs. The living room is also equipped with a kig size sofa bed (200*140cm) for 2 more people if necessary. The kitchen is fully equipped (kitchen tools, microwaves, electric plates, fridge, freezer, toaster…).  Note the lovely view on the Eiffel Tower from the window! The main entrance is secured with an entry system and a caretaker. All Parisian monuments are less than 30 minutes away with the transport (Champs Elysées, Concorde, Notre Dame d	Nice typical Parisian flat, under the roof, very good located in the South West of Paris 50 m from Metro “La Motte Piquet Grenelle” on Metro line 6, 8 or10, and 5 minutes away on foot from the Eiffel Tower. The flat, completely refurbished, is a 2 room apartment of 35 square meters very quiet and sunny which overlooks the courtyard. It has one independent room with double bed and wardrobe, a living room with kitchen and a bathroom with washing machine. Bed sheets will be provided. It is on the 7th and last floor WITHOUT elevator and by service stairs. The living room is also equipped with a kig size sofa bed (200*140cm) for 2 more people if necessary. The kitchen is fully equipped (kitchen tools, microwaves, electric plates, fridge, freezer, toaster…).  Note the lovely view on the Eiffel Tower from the window! The main entrance is secured with an entry system and a caretaker. All Parisian monuments are less than 30 minutes away with the transport (Champs Elysées, Concorde, Notre Dame d
10647	Le studio est situé au 11eme étage, très lumineux,sans  vis à vis Belle vue  sur la tour Eiffel et les invalides. Immeuble avec gardienne. Studio de 28 m2. Équipe d'un canapé lit (DIVA) avec un matelat  Simons de grande qualité. Machine à café, plaques induction, bouilloire,blinder et  machine à laver.	Studio au coeur du 15eme, quartier vivant, plusieurs commerces(supermarché au pied de l'immeuble), restaurants, cafés, 15 minutes de  Saint germain des près, 20 minutes de la tour Eiffel,invalides, 25 minutes Louvre,   30 minutes champs elysées. Le studio est situé au 11eme étage, très lumineux,sans  vis à vis Belle vue  sur la tour Eiffel et les invalides. Immeuble avec gardienne. Studio de 28 m2. Équipe d'un canapé lit (DIVA) avec un matelat  Simons de grande qualité. Machine à café, plaques induction, bouilloire,blinder et  machine à laver. Je serai disponible en cas de besoin pour des déplacements et également  par téléphone. Le quartier est vivant, Monoprix en bas de l'immeuble, plusieurs boulangeries, bars, cafés, restaurants, traiteur le notre, Pierre Herme à 10 minutes à pied. 5 minutes de la ligne 12 (Tour Montparnass, Invalides, Opera, Montmartre) 7 minutes de la ligne 6 (Tour Saint Jacque, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées) 5 minutes Bus 39 (Louvre) 5 minutes bus 70 (Cathédrale No
10648	Une décoration moderne avec caractère dans le charme de l'haussmannien	Appartement haussmannien de 100m² très clair et ensoleillé (4eme étage, ascenseur) au pied du champs de Mars. Tout le confort nécessaire dans un quartier très agréable et très bien desservi par les transports. Lignes 6,8,10, Motte Picquet / Cambronne Une décoration moderne avec caractère dans le charme de l'haussmannien Je serai joignable par téléphone ou email pour répondre à vos questions, donner quelques conseils, bonnes adresses de restaurants, bar, boutiques La tour Eiffel accessible à toute heure de la journée pour éviter les heures d’affluence  ou pour la voir scintiller la nuit en toute tranquillité! Au bout de la rue à gauche, le champs de Mars et la tour Eiffel, au bout de la rue à droite, les petits commerces de quartier, boulangerie, pâtisserie, fromager, caviste. Un large choix de bar et restaurants dans le quartier. Les stations Cambronne ou Motte-Piquet au pied du logement Carrefour des lignes 6,8 et 10 permettant des accès directs en quelques stations : Saint Germain-de
10649	We welcome you in the quiet and family friendly 15th arrondissement of Paris. As this is our first experience of renting apartment we offer you a low price for the week, enjoy it ! The apartment we lived in for 3 years is located in a very quiet residence; it has a nice view on a private square from the 5th floor, and benefits from bright light. 	We welcome you in our cosy apartment, for nice holidays in center of Paris !  We are located less than 20 minutes of the best sites to visit ! We welcome you in the quiet and family friendly 15th arrondissement of Paris. As this is our first experience of renting apartment we offer you a low price for the week, enjoy it ! The apartment we lived in for 3 years is located in a very quiet residence; it has a nice view on a private square from the 5th floor, and benefits from bright light.  We can accommodate from 2 to 6 people depending on the solution that best suits you: 2 adults only, 2 adults and 1 (or 2) babies, 2 adults and 2 children (or adults) on a sofa bed, and maximum 4 adults and 2 babies. It has two rooms, one with a double bed, and one is our baby room. It’s available with a simple baby bed (as on photos) and an additional baby bed is available.  You can have a second large bed solution with our very comfortable sofa bed in our living-room.  We have a fully equipped kitchen,
10650		Logement hyper moderne situé au cœur du 15eme arrondissement à proximité des zones touristiques les plus réputées. Notre appartement très lumineux est équipé  de tout l'électron ménager nécessaire et du wifi pour rester connecte. Nous sommes heureux de laisser au visiteur l'accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement. Nous faisons en sorte que les voyageurs aient un séjour facilité par notre disponibilité. Notre quartier s'apparente à un petit village au cœur de Paris. Il y a un marche très colorés tous les deux jours y compris le dimanche. Notre appartement se situe à quelques minutes du palais de Versailles ou ont lieu les principaux salons parisien. Notre appartement se trouve à proximité  de tous les moyens de transport qui desservent très rapidement les lieux touristiques de Paris. Nous avons rédige et prépare  une notice à l'attention de nos invites,  indiquant  toutes  les informations utiles
10651	English: Paris. Beautiful apartment near to the Eiffel Tower (500 meters) Metro: Dupleix/ La motte picquet grenelle  TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR PARIS SITES The Eiffel Tower: 500 meters The Champs-Elysées: 5 minutes direct metro The Louvre: 10 minutes direct metro Place de la Bastille: 15 minutesdirect metro The Marais: 15 minutes direct metro ABOUT THE APARTMENT This apartment is 45M2 and is located in Paris really closed to the “Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars” (less than 5 min by walk) and near to the “Invalides/Champs Elysees/Arc de triomphe”. This apartment can welcome 4 persons. It’s fully equipped:Kitchen,bathroom,toilets... It also offers a great 15M2 of terrace. It will allow you to enjoy your trip whether it is for discovering the French culture, to do shopping, or to take a fly boat on the Seine.  LIVING ROOM / SALON: - Nicely furnished  - Bookshelves  - Flat-screen TV -Convertible sofa into bed (for 2 persons) KITCHEN: complete with...  - clothes washer - fridge  - stove/oven  - Lots 	English: Paris. Beautiful apartment near to the Eiffel Tower (500 meters) Metro: Dupleix/ La motte picquet grenelle  TRAVEL TIMES TO MAJOR PARIS SITES The Eiffel Tower: 500 meters The Champs-Elysées: 5 minutes direct metro The Louvre: 10 minutes direct metro Place de la Bastille: 15 minutesdirect metro The Marais: 15 minutes direct metro ABOUT THE APARTMENT This apartment is 45M2 and is located in Paris really closed to the “Tour Eiffel/Champs de Mars” (less than 5 min by walk) and near to the “Invalides/Champs Elysees/Arc de triomphe”. This apartment can welcome 4 persons. It’s fully equipped:Kitchen,bathroom,toilets... It also offers a great 15M2 of terrace. It will allow you to enjoy your trip whether it is for discovering the French culture, to do shopping, or to take a fly boat on the Seine.  LIVING ROOM / SALON: - Nicely furnished  - Bookshelves  - Flat-screen TV -Convertible sofa into bed (for 2 persons) KITCHEN: complete with...  - clothes washer - fridge  - stove/oven  - Lots 
10652	"Our home is quite charming in a very parisian way. old woodfloor renovated in 2014, beautiful fireplaces and trims.  It is a very quiet, peacefull and welcoming apartment of 70m², at the 4th floor with a (tiny) elevator. Our flat is convenient for a maximum of 4 persons, plus a baby. It is perfecly suited for family with small children.  The living room faces the lively street, and both bedrooms face a quiet backyard, maybe you will hear beards singing:) The appartment is composed of: - A living room, with a table (for 2, 4, extendible at 6 adults), chairs, a very confortable  full grain leather upper sofa, 55"" flat screen connected to Apple TV, BlueRay Player, Computer.  - A quiet guest room with a convertible sofa (for 2 people), and a crib for a baby. - At the opposite of the appartment, at end of the corridor, you'll find a very quiet master bedroom with a queen bed (for 2 people) with the bathroom attached to it.  - The master bathroom has been renovated late 2013, with a long bat"	"Quiet, welcoming apartment of 70m², at the 4th floor with a (tiny) elevator. quite charming in a very parisian way:  old woodfloor, beautiful fireplaces and trims, located in a Haussmanien building of 7 floors. Modern furniture with all equipments.  Our home is quite charming in a very parisian way. old woodfloor renovated in 2014, beautiful fireplaces and trims.  It is a very quiet, peacefull and welcoming apartment of 70m², at the 4th floor with a (tiny) elevator. Our flat is convenient for a maximum of 4 persons, plus a baby. It is perfecly suited for family with small children.  The living room faces the lively street, and both bedrooms face a quiet backyard, maybe you will hear beards singing:) The appartment is composed of: - A living room, with a table (for 2, 4, extendible at 6 adults), chairs, a very confortable  full grain leather upper sofa, 55"" flat screen connected to Apple TV, BlueRay Player, Computer.  - A quiet guest room with a convertible sofa (for 2 people), and a cr"
10653	ideally located, just close to shops, subway, Tour Eiffel and a lot of touristic places. The studio is located in a typical french district with its famous markets, traditionnal trades,  diverse people.... A grocery store is opened day and night, just in front of the room. A lot of bars and restaurants nearby.	10' walking from Eiffel Tower. Quiet & secure area, 2 windows over parisian roofs (8th floor), kitchen with refrigerator, bathroom with shower and toilets. Large dressing. House keeper and codes. Supermarket 24H/24 close to the appt. ideally located, just close to shops, subway, Tour Eiffel and a lot of touristic places. The studio is located in a typical french district with its famous markets, traditionnal trades,  diverse people.... A grocery store is opened day and night, just in front of the room. A lot of bars and restaurants nearby. Easy to come from the airports and railway stations with public transports I know perfectly Paris. I shall help you to organize your daily program.I live in the building and can help you for any question about Paris: tourism, services, shopping ..... Close to Eiffel Tour, subway stations, famous sunday market, commercial streets..... easy to live. 100m from Cambronne station (ligne 6), very close to subway stations La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lignes 6,
10654	L'appartement est disponible a partir du 10 juillet jusquau 30 aout.	Typical parisian appartment in the center of Paris (50m²). Lots of buses and subway stations around. Really calm appartment. Perfect for a couple. 1 bedroom with a large bed. Bathroom with bathtub. Lots of light in the appartment and a balcony with table. L'appartement est disponible a partir du 10 juillet jusquau 30 aout. L'appartement ne sera pas occupé. Je suis joignable très facilement en cas de besoin, étant a ce moment la en vacances en Bretagne. Des tas de petits bistros sympas a 2 pas, cinémas du quartier Montparnasse pas loin. Métro Convention a 50mètres + 3 lignes de bus. Appartement simple et pratique, pas très loin de Montparnasse.
10655	"Be our guest in this unique luxury duplex full of history built by Eiffel, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. This 65m2, 3 rooms ground and first floor ""atelier"" can comfortably accommodate 4 guests. THE SPACE The duplex has just been completely renovated:  - the fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, espresso machin is circled with a bar opening on a large living area with a dining table for 6 and a lounge area with one sofa and two armchairs. Flat screen TV with cable, DVD Player, HIFI system with ipod connection and WIFI High speed;  - romantic and quiet, the independent bedroom  has a large queen size bed (160x200) fitted with quality bed sheets, pillows and a duvet to guarantee a good night sleep. It has large storage spaces.  - the mezzanine is overlooking the living area and has two single beds  (90X190) and a desk with an iMac; - there are 2 bathrooms: the one downstairs with shower and toilet, the one upstairs with bath, toilet and washing + drying machines. INT"	"Be our guest in this unique luxury duplex full of history built by Eiffel, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. This 65m2 ground and first floor duplex is featuring 1 bedroom + two  beds on a mezzanine and can comfortably accommodate 4 guests. Be our guest in this unique luxury duplex full of history built by Eiffel, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower. This 65m2, 3 rooms ground and first floor ""atelier"" can comfortably accommodate 4 guests. THE SPACE The duplex has just been completely renovated:  - the fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, espresso machin is circled with a bar opening on a large living area with a dining table for 6 and a lounge area with one sofa and two armchairs. Flat screen TV with cable, DVD Player, HIFI system with ipod connection and WIFI High speed;  - romantic and quiet, the independent bedroom  has a large queen size bed (160x200) fitted with quality bed sheets, pillows and a duvet to guarantee a good night sleep. It has large storage spac"
10656	Studio très bien aménagé afin de bénéficier d'un maximum d'espace avec une cuisine assez grande.	Situé dans une rue très calme, rez de chaussée, à seulement 15min à pied de la tour Eiffel, métro Javel (ligne 10)  à moins de 5min à pied. Proximité tous commerces Studio très bien aménagé afin de bénéficier d'un maximum d'espace avec une cuisine assez grande. Quartier très calme, proche du parc André Citroen. A 15min à pied de la tour Eiffel. Cet appartement est très bien situé dans Paris. La rue est très calme de jour comme de nuit. Vous y trouverez de nombreux restaurants très variés et à moindre cout. A moins de 5min à pied du métro Javel,ligne10) et du RER C.
10657	Résidence calme en plein Paris, proche des lieux touristiques, des transports, tous commerces, et de la Seine  Logement très propre, spacieux et en rez de chaussée; Disponible pur courts et longs séjours; Tout équipé et sécurisé, Accès wifi câble satellite	Appartement proche métro, tram, gares,  A 2 pas: Tour Eiffel, Porte de Versailles, montparnasse... Quartier calme et proches tous commerces Logement pour 2 ou 4 personnes tout confort même pour enfants Un havre de paix en plein cœur de Paris. Résidence calme en plein Paris, proche des lieux touristiques, des transports, tous commerces, et de la Seine  Logement très propre, spacieux et en rez de chaussée; Disponible pur courts et longs séjours; Tout équipé et sécurisé, Accès wifi câble satellite Vous avez accès à tout dans l'appartement, c'est comme si vous étiez chez vous, résidence au calme en rez de chaussée. L'appartement dispose d'1 grand lit 160x200cm avec 1 très bonne literie, 1 canapé convertible 160x200. Possibilité de prêter un lit parapluie pour enfants de moins de 3 ans. Draps et serviettes sont fournis ainsi que des produits de première nécessité. Vous disposez d'une machine lavante/ séchante, d'1 tassimo, machine à café, frigo, four... Dans la salle de bain, une sèche chev
10658		Situé à 5mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel, et à proximité de nombreux restaurants et bars, cet appartement de 27mc est idéal pour 2 personnes.
10659	Vue panoramique du 19ème étage. Proche de la tour Eiffel. 	2 pièces dans le quartier de Beaugrenelle/front de seine. Apt au 19ème étge calme et lumineux proche de la tour Eiffel. Cuisine séparée moderne et équipée d'une machine à laver et d'un lave vaisselle. Une chambre et canapé convertible dans le salon. Vue panoramique du 19ème étage. Proche de la tour Eiffel. Accès au logement entier. Capacité 4 personnes. Par mail ou par téléphone Quartier familial et animé. Centre commercial avec boutiques, cinéma restaurants à 2 pas. Métro ligne 10/RER C Javel quai andré Citroen Arrêts de bus à proximité Logement sécurisé avec un service de gardiennage 24h/24
10660		Appartement de 46 m2 refait à neuf à 5 min à pied de la tour Eiffel, à 10 min en métro de la gare Montparnasse et des Champs Elysées. 1 er étage, charme de l'immeuble haussmannien  Appartement haut de plafond, orienté plein sud, cour intérieure fleurie Chambre avec un lit double 2 places king size Grand salon avec un canapé lit 2 places SDB et WC séparés Cuisine toute équipée (plaques, frigo/congélateur, micro-ondes, four)  Machine à laver le linge Wifi illimité English spoken
10661	Modern flat of 54 square meters (581 sq ft) with amazing view on Seine river and West Paris.  Located on an elevated floor (with 3 elevators) it's kind of magic to be lying on the sofa or the bed and fall asleep with the city lights.  You can admire the panorama of West Paris without ever getting tired of it, among the Statue of Liberty, the beautiful old buildings of the 16th arrondissement located on the other side of the river and on the horizon, the skyscrapers of la Defense. Only 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. At night time, the view is outstanding and very  romantic: you can observe the sunsets and the passing lit-up boats. Furnished in a modern style, the apartment has a living room with a dining area and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV. The kitchen is fully equipped, including oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge and everything you need for cooking and eating. There is 1 bedroom and a bathroom with a bathtub.  A washing machine is in the bathroom.  WiFi	Modern flat with amazing view on Seine river and West Paris.  Located Modern flat of 54 square meters (581 sq ft) with amazing view on Seine river and West Paris.  Located on an elevated floor (with 3 elevators) it's kind of magic to be lying on the sofa or the bed and fall asleep with the city lights.  You can admire the panorama of West Paris without ever getting tired of it, among the Statue of Liberty, the beautiful old buildings of the 16th arrondissement located on the other side of the river and on the horizon, the skyscrapers of la Defense. Only 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. At night time, the view is outstanding and very  romantic: you can observe the sunsets and the passing lit-up boats. Furnished in a modern style, the apartment has a living room with a dining area and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV. The kitchen is fully equipped, including oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge and everything you need for cooking and eating. There is 1 bedroom and a
10662	A totally independent apartment. 5 minutes walks from the Porte de Versailles. Perfect to attend show at the Paris Expo.	A modern studio that accommodates up to 4 people in Paris, one double bed and 2 convertible coaches. 5 minutes walk from metro station and ParisExpo (porte de Versailles) and one private parking place. A totally independent apartment. 5 minutes walks from the Porte de Versailles. Perfect to attend show at the Paris Expo. The all space is reserved for the guests. It's possible to cook (electric hotplates and microwaves) but the cooking utensils and towels are not provided. It depends from your arrival. o d
10663	Dans une résidence calme et familiale, l'appartement fait 50m2, il est clair et refait à neuf.	Idéalement situé à deux pas de Balard, à 10 mn de la Porte de Versailles, du Parc André Citroen et des petits commerces. A la porte du XVème arrondissement, dans un quartier vivant, sûr et très bien desservi, idéal  pour passer un séjour agréable. Dans une résidence calme et familiale, l'appartement fait 50m2, il est clair et refait à neuf. Vous avez accès au wifi, à la télévision. Dans la cuisine : bouilloire, cafetière, grille pain, micro onde, four ... Sèche-cheveux dans la salle de bain. Commode de rangement à disposition dans la chambre et penderie avec étagère dans l'entrée. Nous parlons français, anglais et espagnol. Nous sommes disponible à n'importe quel moment si vous avez le moindre souci. Le quartier est calme et familial, on  y trouve beaucoup d'artisans et de commerçants : boulangerie, pâtisserie, boucher, charcutier, primeur. De petits supermarchés sont ouverts tard le soir. Pour manger sur le pouce ou s'offrir un bon restaurant, il y plusieurs choix possibles.  Un march
10664	Je propose de vous dépanner pour un court séjour en mettant (a petit prix) a votre disposition un canape lit (draps fournis) dans notre salon (l espace partage). J accueille en principe une seule personne mais accepte parfois deux personnes sur un très court séjour (1 nuit). De  la fenêtre, les lumières de la tour Montparnasse et celles de la tour Eiffel encadreront votre horizon...	Je propose de vous dépanner pour un court séjour en mettant (a petit prix) a votre disposition un canape lit (draps fournis) dans notre salon (l espace partage). J accueille en principe une seule personne mais accepte parfois deux personnes sur un très court séjour (1 nuit). De  la fenêtre, les lumières de la tour Montparnasse et celles de la tour Eiffel encadreront votre horizon... Vous avez accès dans la cuisine au petit frigo et électro ménager (bouilloire, plaque électrique). Le canapé est réservé au repos, les repas se prennent sur la table de la cuisine. Je mets a votre disposition une serviette pour la douche ou le bain mais il est demande de respecter le temps raisonnable qui sera convenu pour la toilette de chacun surtout le matin quand nous travaillons (je vais faire un gros effort car je ne suis pas la plus rapide :-)). Mon mari et moi sommes généralement présents et pouvons répondre a vos questions si vous cherchez un parc, un musée, un restau de quartier... Le quartier est
10665	Tout le logement.  Nous répondrons volontiers à vos questions ! Quartier tranquille, proche de commerces. A 20 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel.  Petit déjeuner offert + accès au placard pour les petites faims. 	Tout le logement.  Nous répondrons volontiers à vos questions ! Quartier tranquille, proche de commerces. A 20 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel.  Petit déjeuner offert + accès au placard pour les petites faims.  Bien sûr vous aurez accès à tout le logement. En semaine en général nous sommes là et dormons (aussi) dans la logement. Le week end cela dépend. 
10666	** Je vis dans l'appartement et partage l'espace avec mes hôtes ** ** Girls only, thank you ** Dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris, je propose de partager mon appartement de 26m2.  Il y a un canapé lit double très confortable dans la pièce principale, et la cuisine et la salle de bain sont séparées. Je peux donc accueillir 1 à 2 personnes. Le canapé et mon lit se trouvent dans la même pièce. Au 7ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble résidentiel propre, calme et familial, l'appartement est aménagé avec goût, et rien ne manque. J'ai même vue sur la Tour Eiffel! L'appartement est lumineux et domine la rue. Cuisine: plaques électriques, frigo, four, table, tabourets, évier, égouttoir à vaisselle). Salle de bain: lavabo, douche, WC.  Le métro (ligne 12) est à 5 minutes à pied, et permet de se rendre très facilement dans tout Paris. Convention est à une station de Porte de Versailles, où se tiennent toute l'année d'énormes expositions. A proximité, il y a énormément de commerces, dont des	** Je vis dans l'appartement et partage l'espace avec mes hôtes ** ** Girls only, thank you ** Dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris, je propose de partager mon appartement de 26m2.  Il y a un canapé lit double très confortable dans la pièce principale, et la cuisine et la salle de bain sont séparées. Je peux donc accueillir 1 à 2 personnes. Le canapé et mon lit se trouvent dans la même pièce. Au 7ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble résidentiel propre, calme et familial, l'appartement est aménagé avec goût, et rien ne manque. J'ai même vue sur la Tour Eiffel! L'appartement est lumineux et domine la rue. Cuisine: plaques électriques, frigo, four, table, tabourets, évier, égouttoir à vaisselle). Salle de bain: lavabo, douche, WC.  Le métro (ligne 12) est à 5 minutes à pied, et permet de se rendre très facilement dans tout Paris. Convention est à une station de Porte de Versailles, où se tiennent toute l'année d'énormes expositions. A proximité, il y a énormément de commerces, dont des
10667	Deuxième étage, ascenseur, vue sur la cour de l'immeuble donc très calme.  Le salon ferme, (une porte de chaque coté, j'ai besoin de le traverser pour avoir accès à ma chambre). Idéal pour dépanner quelques jours ! Nous ne somme pas toujours présentes mais nous pouvons vous donner toutes les infos et conseils dont vous pourriez avoir besoin. Tous les commerces à proximité, carrefour (9h-22h), boulangeries, boucherie, poste, banques, brasseries...	Appartement calme dans un quartier résidentiel. Un canapé lit deux places est disponible dans notre salon. Nous sommes deux coloc de 22 et 23ans avec chacune une chambre. Vous avez libre accès à la cuisine bien équipée et à la salle de bain. Deuxième étage, ascenseur, vue sur la cour de l'immeuble donc très calme.  Le salon ferme, (une porte de chaque coté, j'ai besoin de le traverser pour avoir accès à ma chambre). Idéal pour dépanner quelques jours ! Nous ne somme pas toujours présentes mais nous pouvons vous donner toutes les infos et conseils dont vous pourriez avoir besoin. Tous les commerces à proximité, carrefour (9h-22h), boulangeries, boucherie, poste, banques, brasseries... Accès à tout l'appartement à part nos deux chambres. Metro Vaugirard ou Convention à moins de 10min. Tramway Brancion 10min. Metro Plaisance 15min.  20-30 min du centre de Paris, St Michel Notre Dame, Tour Eiffel, musée du Louvres. De nombreux bus desservent notre rue (bus 62, bus 88, bus 89, bus 95...)
10668	Envolez-vous au 6ème étage avec ascenseur pour découvrir un appartement décoré avec goût sur 3 pièces. Le double living vous offre un espace modulable avec un coin salon faisant office de chambre avec des portes coulissantes et un canapé convertible. La table à manger présente dans l'espace dînatoire vous permettra de vous restaurer sur place en famille ou entre amis avec une cuisine indépendante entièrement équipée. Idéal pour 2 ou 4 personnes, la chambre dispose de deux couchages supplémentaires et de nombreux espaces de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une belle salle de douche avec WC et vasque complète ce bien de standing.	Optez pour le privilège de vivre en toute intimité dans ce splendide F3 de 58 m2 à la décoration soignée. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur dans le quartier Commerce, profitez d'un emplacement recherché à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, Paris 15e. Envolez-vous au 6ème étage avec ascenseur pour découvrir un appartement décoré avec goût sur 3 pièces. Le double living vous offre un espace modulable avec un coin salon faisant office de chambre avec des portes coulissantes et un canapé convertible. La table à manger présente dans l'espace dînatoire vous permettra de vous restaurer sur place en famille ou entre amis avec une cuisine indépendante entièrement équipée. Idéal pour 2 ou 4 personnes, la chambre dispose de deux couchages supplémentaires et de nombreux espaces de rangements pour vos effets personnels. Une belle salle de douche avec WC et vasque complète ce bien de standing. Véritable havre de paix, ce bien vous offre un emplacement recherché dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, avec un mag
10669	The apartment consists of two bedrooms, a bathroom with toilet, a well-equipped kitchen and a spacy living room.	"Enjoy this cosy french apartment to discover Paris easily The apartment consists of two bedrooms, a bathroom with toilet, a well-equipped kitchen and a spacy living room. WIFI, towels and bed linen included As a traveller (more than 30 countries visited), I am keen to give you some advices to discover my city: Paris. Don't hesitate to ask me places to visit, restaurant to go to, museum to enjoy... The neighbourhood is nice and quiet with easy access to restaurants and shops. You will be 5 min by walk to the well-know ""rue du Commerce""     The subway (line 8) is just 2 minutes away from the apartment, taking you to every place in the center of Paris. You can also find lines 12 and 10 in 10 min by walk.     - 5 min from the Champ-de-Mars/Invalide/Eiffel Tower     - 15 min to the Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe.     - 15 min to Tuileries and Le Louvre. "
10670	Sympathique, bien équipé et idéalement situé pour visiter paris. Metro Duroc, Montparnasse ou Falguiere Nombreux Bus. A quelques minutes du quartier latin et de la tour Eiffel	2 pièces accueillant et très bien desservi au cœur de Paris possédant: chambre avec un bon lit-double, salon avec coin cuisine et 2 canapés dont un petit canapé-lit (120) idéal pour un 3e voyageur ou 2 enfants,  sdb, lave-linge, Wifi       Sympathique, bien équipé et idéalement situé pour visiter paris. Metro Duroc, Montparnasse ou Falguiere Nombreux Bus. A quelques minutes du quartier latin et de la tour Eiffel Disponible pour les voyageurs si ils le souhaitent Nombreux commerces et restaurants. quartier vivant et typiquement parisien Trés bien situé A 5 minutes de 3 stations de metro Montparnasse, Falguiere et Duroc. A 5 minutes egalement de la gare montparnasse.  en ligne direct aussi pour la porte de Versailles et ses salons.
10671	Very central location ! 	Flat in Paris 1m away from Unesco/Ecole Militaire Premium Location in Central Paris: The flat is located rue Bellart 75015 Paris 1min away of the Unesco, 5 min away from the Invalides, the Ecole Militaire and the Eiffel tower Next to metro stop Segur
10672	Located in the very safe and residential part of the city (7th arrondissement), opposite the ‘Champ de Mars’ garden and the Eiffel tower, this bright 70 square meters one-bedroom apartment is located on the eight floor of an elevator building, with doorman.  There are large windows and a stunning view on Paris monuments such as the ‘Sacré Coeur’ (Montmartre) and faces the very close Eiffel Tower : you can almost touch it ! There is a ten square meters outdoor terrace with a  table for enjoying your breakfast or a cocktail at night in front of the breathtaking twinkeling Eiffel Tower  : C'est MAGIQUE:-) Even in the winter time since the table outside is radiant heating. One very comfortable king sized bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the spacious living room . The apartment is elegantly decorated, has ample closets, two flat TV screens with cable HD channels and blu-ray disk console, a stereo system, a safe deposit and unlimited free high speed wireless internet access. Free pho	Located in the very safe and residential part of the city (7th arrondissement), opposite the ‘Champ de Mars’ garden and the Eiffel tower, this bright 70 square meters one-bedroom apartment is located on the eight floor of an elevator building, with doorman.  There are large windows and a stunning view on Paris monuments such as the ‘Sacré Coeur’ (Montmartre) and faces the very close Eiffel Tower : you can almost touch it ! There is a ten square meters outdoor terrace with a  table for enjoying your breakfast or a cocktail at night in front of the breathtaking twinkeling Eiffel Tower  : C'est MAGIQUE:-) Even in the winter time since the table outside is radiant heating. One very comfortable king sized bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the spacious living room . The apartment is elegantly decorated, has ample closets, two flat TV screens with cable HD channels and blu-ray disk console, a stereo system, a safe deposit and unlimited free high speed wireless internet access. Free pho
10673	The apartment is quiet, comfortable and functional. We are a 29 yr old couple used to use a lot Airbnb as travelers. Now it's our turn to host you.	1 bedroom apartment.  42m² - 452 ft² Ideally located near excellent restaurants, facilities and transportation (Metro #12 et #8, Tram T2 and T3a and Buses). The apartment is quiet, comfortable and functional. We are a 29 yr old couple used to use a lot Airbnb as travelers. Now it's our turn to host you. You'll get access to a beautiful living room with a wooden floor, windows and a big sofa with its chaise longue (really nice to rest after a day walking in Paris), Wireless Internet access, and a dining table convertible to 6 guests. You might also want to read our Paris guide in our bookshelf :) The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven, induction plates, a fridge, a french press, a toaster and everything else needed to live here all year round (saucepan, frying pan, woks, blender). Our bedroom contains a queen-size bed (200x140cm - 78x55 in), good pillows, a small chiffonier and a huge wardrobe/closet to store all your stuff. Bed linen is indeed furnished. Toilets and bathroom are se
10674	This charming and newly decorated and refurbished apartment of 45m2, is very spacious,modern, luminous, clean and comfortable. Private appartment (not shared with other people)  Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 15 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. Situated on the 4th floor of a early 20th century typical parisian building, it sleeps 2 people in a cosy bedroom. THE LIVING ROOM is equipped with a big flat screen TV with a DVD player,, high speed WIFI connection, Extremely luminous ans serene, it is decorated with originals photographies. THE MAIN BEDROOM is also clean and well decorated. THE KITCHEN is fully equipped with a micro wave which works as a grill and an oven, induction hob, a dishwasher, a washing machine. THE BATHROOM is very nicely decorated  Fresh towels are included. THE TOILETS are separated and extremely clean.  --  Located in the Eiffel Towel area, you can walk to the Eiffel Tower within less than 15 min. L'Ecole Milita	Appartement design & propre. Paris 15ème (nord)à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. Quartier Cambronne Ségur, à deux pas du Métro Cambronne (ligne 6), Ségur (ligne 10) ou La Motte-Picquet (lignes 8, 10, 6) A proximité :Beaugrenelle et porte de Versailles This charming and newly decorated and refurbished apartment of 45m2, is very spacious,modern, luminous, clean and comfortable. Private appartment (not shared with other people)  Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 15 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. Situated on the 4th floor of a early 20th century typical parisian building, it sleeps 2 people in a cosy bedroom. THE LIVING ROOM is equipped with a big flat screen TV with a DVD player,, high speed WIFI connection, Extremely luminous ans serene, it is decorated with originals photographies. THE MAIN BEDROOM is also clean and well decorated. THE KITCHEN is fully equipped with a micro wave which works as a grill and an oven, induction hob, a dishw
10675	Celui-ci dispose d'un salon, une chambre (vue Tour Eiffel également), 1 salle de bain, toilettes (séparés), cuisine indépendante, et d'un balcon sur lequel vous pourrez déjeuner ou dîner en profitant de la vue.	Venez profiter le temps d’un court séjour de ce pied à terre de standing de 45 m2 idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, quartier Champs de Mars – Tour Eiffel, et bénéficiant d’une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel. Celui-ci dispose d'un salon, une chambre (vue Tour Eiffel également), 1 salle de bain, toilettes (séparés), cuisine indépendante, et d'un balcon sur lequel vous pourrez déjeuner ou dîner en profitant de la vue. Cet appartement se trouve à proximité de nombreux commerces (magasins, restaurants,…) Le métro se trouve au pied de l'immeuble, ainsi que de nombreuses lignes de bus. Dates de disponibilité : AVRIL : Nuit 24 avril Nuit 25 avril MAI : Nuit 7 mai Nuit 8 mai Nuit 9 mai Nuit 14 mai Nuit 15 mai Nuit 16 mai JUIN : Nuit 6 juin Nuit 19 juin Nuit 20 juin JUILLET :  Nuit 10 juillet Nuit 11 juillet  Nuit 12 juillet Nuit 13 juillet Nuit 17 juillet  Nuit 18 juillet AUGUST : available from 1st to 28th.  (contact me for disponibilities) SEPTEMBRE :  1 week from 1st
10676	Welcome home in Paris! I've been living here and taking care of this place for several years, and today I feel like sharing it with anyone who wants to visit and discover the French capital city.  The whole flat (2 rooms, 36m²/380ft²) is at your disposal. It is composed of a cosy livingroom with an open-plan kitchen, a big bedroom and a bathroom (shower and toilet). L-shaped, it has 2 windows over a courtyard which make the place quiet. Equipments: - In the kitchen: frigde/freezer, electric oven, double ceramic hotplate, (great!) coffe-machine - Washing machine in the bathroom - Free wifi / very high speed Internet	Enjoy Paris from a quiet place, stay in a familial and village-like neighborhood! I'll be happy to leave my all equipped flat to you while I'm on holiday. Just a short distance from banks of Seine, the Eiffel Tower, many shops and 3 metro stations. Welcome home in Paris! I've been living here and taking care of this place for several years, and today I feel like sharing it with anyone who wants to visit and discover the French capital city.  The whole flat (2 rooms, 36m²/380ft²) is at your disposal. It is composed of a cosy livingroom with an open-plan kitchen, a big bedroom and a bathroom (shower and toilet). L-shaped, it has 2 windows over a courtyard which make the place quiet. Equipments: - In the kitchen: frigde/freezer, electric oven, double ceramic hotplate, (great!) coffe-machine - Washing machine in the bathroom - Free wifi / very high speed Internet I rent my place whenever I'm out of Paris. If our times match, I will be happy to meet you when you arrive and when you leave. I
10677	Duplex dernier étage. Fenêtre de toit, lumineux. En bas : cuisine tout équipée (plaque induction, four, lave-vaisselle, Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-onde) Une table et trois chaises. Un canapé futon. une TV écran plat (80 cm), chaîne hi-fi, Internet wifi, téléphone. En haut : salle de bain, douche et WC, chambre avec un lit de 140 et un canapé lit de 140. Fenêtre de toit et un petit bureau. Nombreux rangements. L'appartement est calme car il ne donne pas sur la rue. On entend simplement les cloches de l'Eglise située elle aussi rue Saint-Christophe. Il y a de nombreuses supérettes tout près et deux fois par semaine il y a le marché rue Saint-Charles.  15区の安全で静かな住宅地にあります。 徒歩5分で地下鉄10番線Javel、120ものお店のあるショッピングセンター Centre Beaugrenelle、シトロエン公園、セーヌ川があり、エッフェル塔は20分と、とても便利な所です。 地下鉄でサンジェルマンデプレ、オペラ、凱旋門に20分で行けます。 また、郊外地下鉄線（RER）のJavel駅も地下鉄のすぐ正面にありますので、そこからエッフェル塔には1駅で着きます。 RER Javel駅から乗り換えなしでヴェルサイユにも行くことも出来ます。 近所の商店街には美味しいパン屋やチーズ屋もあり、またそこでは週に2回朝市があり、新鮮な野菜や魚、お肉も簡単に手に入ります。観光客はなくパリジャン、パリジェンヌと一緒に、パリに住んでい	Quartier calme 15ème, près de Seine. 5 mn de métro Javel, parc Citroën, Centre Beaugrenelle (120 magasins) , et 20 mn Tour Eiffel. De Métro Javel 20 mn St-Germain des Près, Opéra, Arc Triomphe.  Charment petit immeuble.   Duplex dernier étage. Fenêtre de toit, lumineux. En bas : cuisine tout équipée (plaque induction, four, lave-vaisselle, Nespresso, grille-pain, micro-onde) Une table et trois chaises. Un canapé futon. une TV écran plat (80 cm), chaîne hi-fi, Internet wifi, téléphone. En haut : salle de bain, douche et WC, chambre avec un lit de 140 et un canapé lit de 140. Fenêtre de toit et un petit bureau. Nombreux rangements. L'appartement est calme car il ne donne pas sur la rue. On entend simplement les cloches de l'Eglise située elle aussi rue Saint-Christophe. Il y a de nombreuses supérettes tout près et deux fois par semaine il y a le marché rue Saint-Charles.  15区の安全で静かな住宅地にあります。 徒歩5分で地下鉄10番線Javel、120ものお店のあるショッピングセンター Centre Beaugrenelle、シトロエン公園、セーヌ川があり、エッフェル塔は20分と、とても便利な所です。
10678	A charmful one-bedroom apartment on the groundfloor of an upper-scale 19th century buidling. It opens onto a 17sqm private courtyard: a bubble of calm and fresh air, and a real luxury in the bustling French capital. The apartment features a bright living-room with sofa-bed, an elegant bedroom with double bed and working desk, ensuite shower-room, separate toilet and fully equipped kitchen.	In a quiet street near Montparnasse, this lovely one bedroom on the groundfloor features a well equipped kitchen, a nice living with double sofa bed, a bedroom with double bed opening on a shower room and a charming private patio, ideal to relax A charmful one-bedroom apartment on the groundfloor of an upper-scale 19th century buidling. It opens onto a 17sqm private courtyard: a bubble of calm and fresh air, and a real luxury in the bustling French capital. The apartment features a bright living-room with sofa-bed, an elegant bedroom with double bed and working desk, ensuite shower-room, separate toilet and fully equipped kitchen. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and remain at your disposal to help you all along your stay In a small street full of french flair and eleg
10679		Montparnasse, 5ème étage avec ascenseur, très beau studio de 16m², refait en 2014, entièrement équipé : linge de maison, lave vaisselle, lave linge, plaque vitro, combi four micro-ondes, canapé lit, salle d'eau, wc, nombreux rangements
10680		Charmant appartement de 58 m2 situé dans le quinzième arrondissement, à trois minutes à pied de Pasteur et 10 min de Montparnasse. Deux chambres séparées avec grand salon et cuisine complètement équipée. Salle de bain avec baignoire et WC.
10681	Passez de doux moments sur le balcon et profiter de sa lumière traversante Est-Ouest. 	Joli petit 27m2. Lumineux, bourré de charme avec son petit balcon et sa cheminée, il saura ravir les aventuriers. En effet, situé au sixième étage sans ascenseur, son atout principal est l'emplacement. A 30m de la station Falguière, il est entouré de stations de métro (Montparnasse, Duroc), de bus... Et de toute l'animation Parisienne (Bistros, cafés, shopping rue de Rennes, cinéma...). Passez de doux moments sur le balcon et profiter de sa lumière traversante Est-Ouest. Guides de Paris en libre accès dans l'appartement. N'hésitez pas à me poser des questions sur les expositions, les visites... ou si vous voulez boire un verre. A la frontière du 6ème, 14ème et 15 ème arrondissement, l'appartement est très bien situé. Le quartier est sécurisé, très proche de tous les transports menant aux plus beaux monuments (Tour Montparnasse, Tour Eiffel, château de Versailles, le Louvre...) Métro : Falguière (30 secs), Duroc (3/4 mins), Montparnasse (6 mins)
10682		"Comfortable, cosy and very charming 42m² flat,  closed to Montparnasse tower (2mn Walk), Eiffel tower (20mn Walk), Famous ""Rennes street"" for shopping,  ""Gaité street"" for many bars.  living room : cough (double size bed) bed room : double size bed"
10683		Deux pièces tout confort, premier étage lumineux, cuisine équipée, dans une rue calme à deux pas du Bon Marché, de la rue du Cherche- Midi et de Montparnasse. A proximité des lignes de métro et de nombreux bus. 2 doubles couchages ( 1 d'appoint) Le musée Rodin, le bon marché, les nombreux cinémas et cafés, le restaurant h kitchen (à la porte), le jardin du Luxembourg (15 minutes walking). Metro 10,13 (Duroc), 12 ( Falguière), 4 et 6 ( Montparnasse).  Bus (phone number hidden).
10684	Nous vous proposons de vous louer notre joli appartement situé dans le centre de Paris . Nous sommes au 5 ieme étage d'un immeuble très bien entretenu avec ascenseur. Notre appartement est constitué d'une entrée /couloir , de deux grandes et lumineuses pièces( une chambre et un salon équipé d'un canapé lit ) Nous n'avons pas de télévision et cela est fait exprès! une salle de bain ( petite baignoire sèche cheveux, machine à laver , petit chauffage en plus si besoin, échantillons de produits de toilettes, radio  ) une cuisine équipée typique parisienne  ( gazinière, four , évier, frigo, grille pain, cafetière italienne,  ustensiles de cuisines casseroles, poêle, vaisselles, et un  micro onde ! ) wc séparés . Un ancien parquet, des moulures et deux belles cheminées d'époque complètent le charme de notre appartement . Nous pouvons accueillir 2 ou 4 personnes ( 1 lit double dans la chambre + 1 canapé convertible dans le salon un peu moins confortable que le lit mais suffisant pour quelques	We suggest to renting our smart flat which are located in the center of Paris. We are in the 5th floor of a building very clean with elevator. Our apartment includes a big corridor, two big and luminous room-apartment (a room with double bed and a li
10685		Mon appartement se situe à 200m de la Tour Eiffel au dernier étage de l'immeuble avec ascenseur. Proche de commerces et de restaurants sympathiques. Une chambre indépendante, salle de bain avec baignoire, télevision, internet et cuisine équipée. GO! Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement, je ne serai pas loin si jamais vous aviez un problème Je peux évidemment vous conseiller sur les endroits où aller pour passer une journée/soirée festive, romantique ou tout simplement sympa! Le quartier du 7 ème arrondissement est un quartier historique et unique. D'abord vous vous situez au coeur de paris, non loin des quais et surtout au pieds de la Tour Eiffel, le rêve! De petits restaurants vous accueillent tout autour de l'immeuble. Le metro n'est pas loin, les bus sont au pieds de l'immeuble. Quartier chic et sympa! Les bus sont à 20m de l'immeuble, le metro à 200m le RER à 500m!
10686	Emplacement idéal pour visiter à pied les plus beaux quartiers de paris.	Studio tout confort au pied de la tour, à 2min de la station métro Mtparnasse bienvenue/ Gare/velibe/ Resto/ Bars..situé au RDC il dispose d'une connexion fibre optique très haut débit et 1 grande télé,tous les autres meubles étant récemment achetés Emplacement idéal pour visiter à pied les plus beaux quartiers de paris. Télé avec plus de 300 chaines HD, Wifi très haut débit , ustensiles de cuisine, réfrigérateur, Vrai lit double ,  placard armoire, l'eau chaude , chauffage . je ne serai pas toujours présente ça dépend de mon planning . proche de toutes commodités, chic et branché. Metro 4,6,12,13 , bus 95...
10687	This charming flat is perfect for a couple and has also a sofa bed if necessary.	"All the charm of Paris for this lovely appartment located in an exclusive area near from main monuments of Paris and close to public transport and local shops. The apartment is bright and offers all the services to enjoy your stay in Paris ! This charming flat is perfect for a couple and has also a sofa bed if necessary. You will have access at the entire flat : bedrom, dining room, bathroom and kitchen. You will have my phone number for any question about the flat during your stay in Paris. 5 minutes walking from the Eiffel tower and close to the shoppings streets you will enjoy walking around for some shopping, having lunch in typical french Brasseries or taking a nap in the ""Champs de Mars garden"" 2 minutes away by foot. You will enjoy the architecture and above all the real ""Parisian living style"". 3 minutes walking from the flat, there are 3 metro lines (lines 6, 8 &10) and a many bus lines. You will be able to travel very easily all around Paris. You can easily catch the Air Fran"
10688		This room is the second room which I can rent in my flat. It's  a big room of 19m2 with a nice chimney  a big old gold mirror above. There is a single bed and a private lavabo . Very comfortable place with no noise at all .
10689	Ce bel appartement, situé dans une résidence calme et sécurisée, est idéal pour découvrir Paris et ses monuments historiques en famille ou bien entre amis.  Composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un grand salon (canapé-lit deux places 160x200cm)/ salle à manger, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, de toilette séparée et d'une chambre (lit deux places 140x200cm), il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Le mobilier de cet appartement a été choisit et construit dans un esprit épuré et coloré et se veut à la fois chaleureux et fonctionnel. Bien que la rue soit très calme, toutes les fenêtres sont en double vitrage pour pouvoir dormir en toute tranquillité après une grosse journée de visites de Paris.	Appartement situé à 5 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et des plus beaux monuments de Paris. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. La rue est calme tout en restant à proximité des transports (métro, bus, RER), des commerces et des restaurants. Ce bel appartement, situé dans une résidence calme et sécurisée, est idéal pour découvrir Paris et ses monuments historiques en famille ou bien entre amis.  Composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un grand salon (canapé-lit deux places 160x200cm)/ salle à manger, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, de toilette séparée et d'une chambre (lit deux places 140x200cm), il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Le mobilier de cet appartement a été choisit et construit dans un esprit épuré et coloré et se veut à la fois chaleureux et fonctionnel. Bien que la rue soit très calme, toutes les fenêtres sont en double vitrage pour pouvoir dormir en toute tranquillité après une grosse journée de visites de Paris. Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les espa
10690	Douche WC	"Between Metro10 station Vaneau & Duroc, Rive Gauche, chic area in paris, on the street ""rue du Cherche-Midi"",plenty of restaurants & vine caves.face a quiet garden. Le Bon Marché, boutique LV Celine Hermes nearby. Douche WC"
10691		Studio refait à neuf. Parfaite situation: à 5 minutes de Montparnasse / à 10 minutes de la porte de Versailles / à 15 minutes des Champs Élysées / à 15 minutes de la tour Eiffel. Parfait pour vos déplacements professionnels à la Porte de Versailles
10692		UN LOGEMENT DE 57 M2 SITUE AU 3eme ÉTAGE DE L'IMMEUBLE  UNE SALLE DE BAIN AVEC UNE DOUCHE DÉCORATION ITALIENNE DOUBLE VASQUE,SÈCHE SERVIETTES SERVANT DE CHAUFFAGE  L'APPARTEMENT EST SITUE DANS 1 RUE CALME  UN GRAND BALCON DE 10 M,4 CHAISES,1 TABLE
10693	Glissez-vous dans la peau d'un vrai parisien et vivez une immersion totale dans ce splendide appartement de 2 pièces récemment refait à neuf dans un esprit moderne. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu du boulevard Pasteur, poussez la porte de ce bien de standing idéalement situé dans le quartier de Montparnasse appartenant au 15ème arrondissement de Paris. D'une surface de 36 m2, le Pasteur dévoile un espace clair et lumineux à la décoration soignée dans des tons blanc et violet. Adapté au séjour confortable de 2 ou 4 personnes, ce cocon douillet vous offre un espace de détente confortable avec un canapé convertible en face d'une TV à écran plat dotée d'Internet en wifi. La cuisine américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place autour de la table à manger en bois. L'espace nuit se compose d'un lit double et de nombreux espaces de rangements pour vos effets personnels. La salle de douche dispose d'un lavabo et de WC.	Vous apprécierez un séjour parisien à 2 ou à 4 dans cet appartement élégant récemment refait à neuf.  A deux pas de la Tour Montparnasse, de la rue de Rennes, de l'hôpital Necker, aux portes de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, tout Paris sera à votre portée. Glissez-vous dans la peau d'un vrai parisien et vivez une immersion totale dans ce splendide appartement de 2 pièces récemment refait à neuf dans un esprit moderne. Au 1er étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble cossu du boulevard Pasteur, poussez la porte de ce bien de standing idéalement situé dans le quartier de Montparnasse appartenant au 15ème arrondissement de Paris. D'une surface de 36 m2, le Pasteur dévoile un espace clair et lumineux à la décoration soignée dans des tons blanc et violet. Adapté au séjour confortable de 2 ou 4 personnes, ce cocon douillet vous offre un espace de détente confortable avec un canapé convertible en face d'une TV à écran plat dotée d'Internet en wifi. La cuisine américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous re
10694	A 2 pas de la gare Montparnasse, ce studio de 28m2 est idéale pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il comporte une entrée avec un large placard, une salle de bain avec wc, une cuisine séparée avec plaques chauffantes et micro-onde, un large living avec baie vitrée donnant sur un grand balcon. 	  Ce studio, situé au 2 ème étage d'un immeuble rénové, à Montparnasse, est entouré de 3 stations de métro : Falguière, Pasteur et Montparnasse. Dans une rue commerçante et calme, il est juste derrière la Tour, à 5 mn des Champs-Elysées.      A 2 pas de la gare Montparnasse, ce studio de 28m2 est idéale pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il comporte une entrée avec un large placard, une salle de bain avec wc, une cuisine séparée avec plaques chauffantes et micro-onde, un large living avec baie vitrée donnant sur un grand balcon.  Je m'arrange pour recevoir mes locataires et leur montrer les particularités de l'immeuble. Le quartier est vivant le jour et calme la nuit. Dans la rue il y les principaux commerces, et il y a aussi un petit centre commercial à 2 pas de là. On est tout près de la rue de Rennes, très commerçante. On est tout près de Saint-Germain. C'est un quartier vivant et très agréable!  Les cars Air France vous amène directement de l'aéroport, Orly ou Roissy, et vous dé
10695	décoration de goût, propre, pratique	Charmant studio  proche de Gare montparnasse.  Lumineux et accueillant, ce petit nid est idéal pour couple ou personne seule. Lovely little appartment for 2 persons. Calm and located in one of the best neighbourhood in Paris. Central location décoration de goût, propre, pratique toilette, douche, cuisine, salon et chambre, internet, télévision, machine a laver (sèche linge au pied de l'immeuble) . joignable par téléphone a tout moment de la journée, pour toutes explications ou renseignements entre pasteur et montparnasse (5 min a pied), quartier bien animé et à la fois sécurisé. théâtre, cinéma et restaurant au choix, disco a 15 min à pied commerce et boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble Tour Eiffel 30 min à pied et 20 min en transport Gare montparnasse M4 M6 M13 M12, différentes lignes de bus et de noctiliens (bus de nuit) et ligne TGV Pasteur 1 min à pied M6 M12 Falguière 2 min à pied M12 M13
10696	The apartment is very quiet, bright and has a splendid view of Paris from the 12 th floor. It is fully renovated. It is really comfortable	This 95 m2 appartment has 2 bedrooms ,2 bathrooms, a living room, a dining room and a kitchen. It is located in Montparnasse, on 12th floor and the view is just incredible. There is a wahing machine, a dryer and all you need in the kitchen. The apartment is very quiet, bright and has a splendid view of Paris from the 12 th floor. It is fully renovated. It is really comfortable The appartment is free except the third bedroom for our personal belongings There is a concierge in the building and he can help you immediatly. I can be joined by phone and my daughter is living in Paris The appartement is in front of Necker Hospital, Montparnasse station and there is a lot of restaurants, theaters in the neighborhood Metro lines 4, 6,12 et 13 et  bus (phone number hidden) et 88. Air France bus  for Orly et Roissy arrive at  Montparnasse Station.
10697		Cette appartement très fonctionnel et calme est neuf et situé au coeur de paris. Il est doté d'une salle de bain, d'une chambre indépendante, d'un salon avec sa cuisine américaine, du wifi, de la télé. L'endroit idéal pour vivre à paris.
10698	This apartement is very quiet, entrance deserving a living room with door windows and a comfortable sofa (convertible sofa in a king size bed for 2) in the living room , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. A spacious bedroom with a king size bed , a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet. There is a balcony.  Available for 4 people.  The Eiffel tower is 15min walking	"Nice large and quiet flat, ideally located for your visit in Paris. 4 metro line are close. Near Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montparnasse station, for shopping ""le bon marché"", and the exposition at ""porte de versaille"".  This apartement is very quiet, entrance deserving a living room with door windows and a comfortable sofa (convertible sofa in a king size bed for 2) in the living room , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. A spacious bedroom with a king size bed , a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet. There is a balcony.  Available for 4 people.  The Eiffel tower is 15min walking You can use all the materiel in the appartement (TV, wifi, dishwash...) This is a no smoking aprartement, and pets are forbidden. Double lock the door when you leave We will welcome you when you arrive. Lovely flat in the heart of Paris with typical french brasseries, fresh market, fashion shops and romantic restaurants. It's also near the Invalide, the Rodin museum, the Luxembourg park... Metr"
10699	On the ground floor courtyard, without vis-à-vis, authentic artist atelier in Montparnasse, Studio renovated and fully equipped with living room with sofabed, TV, storage, wardrobe. Separate shower room, electric water heater, Kitchenette, two electric heating plates, fridge, microwave & grill oven, Nespresso U. Very quiet and bright with a large skylight roof. A lovely place for staying! As a small house with separate entrance: no neighbors above or below. Parisian deco. Originality and charm guaranteed. In the vicinity of: Gare Montparnasse, Montparnasse (80 shops), rue de Rennes, rue de Vaugirard, Necker hospital, mall. Pubs, restaurants, terraces, cinemas cabarets. Metro: Montparnasse-Bienvenue (lines 4, 6, 12, 13) Bus stop 	On the ground floor courtyard, without vis-à-vis, authentic artist atelier in Montparnasse, Studio renovated and fully equipped with living room with sofabed, TV, storage, wardrobe. Separate shower room, electric water heater, Kitchenette, two electric heating plates, fridge, microwave & grill oven, Nespresso U. Very quiet and bright with a large skylight roof. A lovely place for staying! As a small house with separate entrance: no neighbors above or below. Parisian deco. Originality and charm guaranteed. In the vicinity of: Gare Montparnasse, Montparnasse (80 shops), rue de Rennes, rue de Vaugirard, Necker hospital, mall. Pubs, restaurants, terraces, cinemas cabarets. Metro: Montparnasse-Bienvenue (lines 4, 6, 12, 13) Bus stop 
10700		Joli studio entièrement équipé au cœur de Montparnasse. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardienne. 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Très calme. Télévision et literie neuve, volets roulants. Cuisine indépendante et salle de bain avec baignoire. balcon.
10701	35m² 2-room apartment with :  - separate well equipped kitchen (fridge, electric hob, microwave), facing east - Living room with sofa bed for 2 people, TV, Bose dock  - A separate bedroom with a large bed for 2 persons  - A bathroom with separate toilet  Very careful, I attach great importance to cleanliness and comfort of my guests. Bed linen and towels are provided.  Wifi is available in the apartment (fiber optic)  The building is very clean with a concierge.  The apartment is on the 7th floor, there's no lift.	In the heart of the 15th district of Paris, just in front of the Georges Brassens park and next to Porte de Versailles, nice 2-room apartment of 35m² on the 7th floor, fully equipped, with a beautiful view. Only for a 2 to 7 nights stay 35m² 2-room apartment with :  - separate well equipped kitchen (fridge, electric hob, microwave), facing east - Living room with sofa bed for 2 people, TV, Bose dock  - A separate bedroom with a large bed for 2 persons  - A bathroom with separate toilet  Very careful, I attach great importance to cleanliness and comfort of my guests. Bed linen and towels are provided.  Wifi is available in the apartment (fiber optic)  The building is very clean with a concierge.  The apartment is on the 7th floor, there's no lift. Metro :  - metro Convetion (line 12) a 7min walk  - metro Porte de Vanves (line 13) 10min  Bus :  - bus 89 passes down the building and reaches Montparnasse (10min), Latin Quarter / St Michel (20min)  - bus 62 : (2min) crosses Paris from east 
10702		Studio sympathique de 18m2 dans un ancien immeuble d'un quartier très  agréable, à 15min de la tour eiffel et tout proche du parc des expo porte de Versailles.
10703	A very functional studio of 26 m² in the heart of paris. Capacity for 3 people. An open kitchen with a bar, an oven,  a microwave, and a cooking spot. A tv, sound system and internet. A single bed and a sofa bed for 2 persons By metro line 6 or rer c, station bir hakeim or the bus	A very functional studio in the heart of paris. Capacity for 3 people. An open kitchen with a bar, an oven,  a microwave, and a cooking spot. A tv, sound system and internet. A single bed and very confortable convertable couch for 2 persons + balcony A very functional studio of 26 m² in the heart of paris. Capacity for 3 people. An open kitchen with a bar, an oven,  a microwave, and a cooking spot. A tv, sound system and internet. A single bed and a sofa bed for 2 persons By metro line 6 or rer c, station bir hakeim or the bus By metro line 6 or rer c, metro station bir hakeim or the bus
10704	Charming one bedroom apartment fully furnished. the apartment can host 4 persons. Situated in the center of Paris near the champ de mars and the eifel tower (300m). Shops and restaurants nearby. excellent transport connection.	Charming one bedroom apartment fully furnished. the apartment can host 4 persons. Situated in the center of Paris near the champ de mars and the eifel tower (300m). Shops and restaurants nearby. excellent transport connection.
10705	I would like to invit you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris. Access by metro station 12 or 8 : Convention, Lourmel ou Porte de Versailles.	I would like to invite you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris.  I would like to invit you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris. Access by metro station 12 or 8 : Convention, Lourmel ou Porte de Versailles. Calm, familial Line 8 : Lourmel Line 12 : Convention Car : Porte de Versailles
10706		Charmant studio de 25m2 à 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Composé d'une pièce principale assez spacieuse avec un grand canapé-lit très confortable, ainsi que d'une télé avec wifi. D'une salle de bain avec baignoire, et d'une cuisine assez spacieuse. Logement a proximité des transport en commun; métro ligne 6 arrêt Dupleix, métro ligne 6,10,8 arrêt la motte-piquet grennelle et de nombreux bus également.
10707		Enface du parc George Brassens au plein cœur du quartier familiale de Paris. Appartement claire et calme, vous apprécierez la vue sur la verdure et les chants des oiseaux ! A 2 pas du quartier animé de la rue de la Convention. Idéal pour 2-3 adultes , et 1-2 enfants
10708	"Logement dans le nord du 15ème arrondissement  Accès à l'immeuble par digicode Vaste pièce qui fait ""salon + couchage"",séparés par paravent ( voir photos)  1 lit pour 2 personnes (1m 40)  1 canapé convertible si nécessaire 1 personne (1m50) Très clair (sud) + silence car double vitrage) . 1 pièce cuisine 1 pièce WC  1 pièce salle de bain avec baignoire  Voyez la tour Eiffel de la cuisine sans vous  tromper ni se tordre le cou. "	"Logement dans le nord du 15ème arrondissement  Accès à l'immeuble par digicode Vaste pièce qui fait ""salon + couchage"",séparés par paravent ( voir photos)  1 lit pour 2 personnes (1m 40)  1 canapé convertible si nécessaire 1 personne (1m50) Très clair (sud) + silence car double vitrage) . 1 pièce cuisine 1 pièce WC  1 pièce salle de bain avec baignoire  Voyez la tour Eiffel de la cuisine sans vous  tromper ni se tordre le cou. Accès à tout ce qui est disponible dans l'appartement : bouilloire + théière pour petit déjeune, couverts , casseroles etc, frigo congélateur  cuisinière+four etc. Apportez votre matériel de toilette (serviettes, brosse à dents etc.) Merci de ne pas alimenter mes poissons dans leur bocal (silence total : pas de pompe etc) Merci de ne pas arroser mes orchidées. Je suis hébergé dans un appartement voisin quand vous occuperez le mien : je suis donc disponible très vite si problème, et tout le temps chaque weekend si besoin. J'aime parler espagnol, j'aime l'italien m"
10709	The place can welcome 4 people (2 double-beds) and 1 child up to 3 year old. Surface 75m² or 807 ft². 1 bedroom with queen size bed. 1 bedroom with a sofa bed and a baby bed (max 3 years). The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, electric oven, grill, induction cooker, electric kettle, blender and food processor, juicer, and some dedicated closets.  Comfortable bathroom with bath-tub shower and double sink, towel warmer, hair dryer. Double large building elevators.  One welcome free bottle of French wine is offered. Bose sound dock system for iphone. Flat HD screen 46inch and world wide TV channels. Digital dolby sound system 5.1 and DVD player. Free wifi high speed. Nespresso machine and free capsules. Free telephone to main international destinations.  Ironing machine and table. Clean towels and bed linen included. Hosts speak fluently English, Spanish, Italian and French. We usually live in the apartment. We rent it only for short periods. Many shops, 	Cozy, bright & spacious apt in a high standing building, quiet street, 2 min walk from the Eiffel Tower. Metro, local shops, parcs around. 2 bedrooms (4 people + 1 kid 3 yo), 1 living room, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen and 2 balconies.  Easy to park a car. The place can welcome 4 people (2 double-beds) and 1 child up to 3 year old. Surface 75m² or 807 ft². 1 bedroom with queen size bed. 1 bedroom with a sofa bed and a baby bed (max 3 years). The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, electric oven, grill, induction cooker, electric kettle, blender and food processor, juicer, and some dedicated closets.  Comfortable bathroom with bath-tub shower and double sink, towel warmer, hair dryer. Double large building elevators.  One welcome free bottle of French wine is offered. Bose sound dock system for iphone. Flat HD screen 46inch and world wide TV channels. Digital dolby sound system 5.1 and DVD player. Free wifi high speed. Nespresso machine and free capsules. Free t
10710	Ottimo il rapporto qualità/prezzo. E' un vero e proprio appartamento, con un arredamento molto accogliente ed elegante. Fantastica la cucina degli appartamenti (ottimo per chi non vuole spendere tanto nei ristoranti ). Ottimo per famiglie e ragazzi .	Close to Porte de Versailles (line 12 metro and tram T2). Apt. 4 persons: entrance with cupboards; double bed room with TV and phone; 2 living room sofas-beds; table; kitchenette with refrigerator, cooking range, microwave, free wi-fi. Paris XV Apart Ottimo il rapporto qualità/prezzo. E' un vero e proprio appartamento, con un arredamento molto accogliente ed elegante. Fantastica la cucina degli appartamenti (ottimo per chi non vuole spendere tanto nei ristoranti ). Ottimo per famiglie e ragazzi . Si trova nel 15° arrondissement, nelle adiacenze del parco delle esposizioni, con la fermata Porte de Versailles della metro12 a pochi minuti a piedi o ancora di meno se si prende il tram T2 che ha la fermata proprio di fronte l'albergo.  Vicino al palazzo dell'esposizione, al palazzo dello sport e al parco acquatico aquaboulevard (5 minuti a piedi). Una zona elegante fornita da ristoranti, negozi, market etcc..(mc donals, decathlon, hippopotamus e altro) Ottima la posizione per chi fa scalo a
10711		Bel appartement deux pièces, grand séjour et grande chambre, cuisine toute équipée, balcon, très lumineux dans une résidence calme. Paris 15e, proximité tour Eiffel. 
10712	Vous apprécierez le charme de l'ancien : parquet ancien, 2 cheminées et moulures sur les murs et plafonds. 	Charmant 2 pièces de 30 m² dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Au 2ème étage (ascenseur) au calme sur cour, l'appartement comporte une entrée, un salon-séjour (canapé convertible), une chambre (lit 2 places), salle de douche, cuisine équipée et WC séparés Vous apprécierez le charme de l'ancien : parquet ancien, 2 cheminées et moulures sur les murs et plafonds.  Situé au cœur d'un quartier commerçant avec une très bonne boulangerie au coin de la rue, des petits restaurants pour tous budgets, supermarchés et primeurs. Nombreux parcs et squares à proximité pour se détendre au calme de la vie parisienne. A proximité du Parc des Expositions (nombreux salons) et des transports en commun : métro (ligne 12 - Porte de Versailles), bus (39, 80), tramway (T2 et T3) et vélib.
10713	Un pas en dehors de l'appartement et une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel s'offre à vous ! Parfait, une station vélib' s'offre à vous sur le pas de la porte ! 	Bonjour à tous,  Je loue mon appartement en rez de chaussée dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris.  C'est un studio de 22 m2 avec une belle mezzanine en lit.  Idéal pour visiter les axes principaux de la capitale.  A votre disposition, Victoire Un pas en dehors de l'appartement et une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel s'offre à vous ! Parfait, une station vélib' s'offre à vous sur le pas de la porte ! Appartement, et Terrasse. Oui, bien-sur je suis disponible par message et appel en cas de problème. Le quartier est vivant, avec un Carrefour City à deux pas ouvert jusqu'à 22H tout les soirs, des bistrots à deux pas, et surtout une station vélib' à la sortie de mon immeuble... :) Vélib, Ligne 8 ( Félix Faure, Commerce, Boucicaut ) et Ligne 6 ( Motte Piquet .
10714	Proche du parc 	Studio dans le 15e arrondissement de Paris, métro Convention (Ligne 12) à 5mn du Parc d'Exposition de la porte de Versailles. L'appartement se trouve au 3e étage d'un bel immeuble (avec ascenseur). Idéal pour jeunes personnes. Les voyageurs pourront nous solliciter à tous moments, nous tâcherons de les servir au mieux Quartier très agréable et calme, proche d'un parc, commerces à proximité Accès par métro ligne 12, station Convention.  Bus n° 62, 39
10715		Deux-pièces située au 3ème étage. Peut loger 3 personnes (2 dans la chambre et 2dans le canapé convertible du living) dans une rue calme, à proximité du métro Convention. Quartier animé avec des bars, cafés, restaurants et commerces à proximité.
10716	Les photos ne sont pas révélatrices du charme de la résidence et de l'appartement. La rue est très calme et le quartier possède tout ce dont vous pourrez avoir besoin	L'appartement se trouve au 4ème étage d'une résidence haut standing. Il se trouve à 2min du champ de mars et de la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier de la Motte-Picquet Grenelle. Le quartier comporte tout ce dont vous pouvez avoir besoin Les photos ne sont pas révélatrices du charme de la résidence et de l'appartement. La rue est très calme et le quartier possède tout ce dont vous pourrez avoir besoin L'immeuble se trouve au-dessus des meilleurs antiquaires de Paris! 3 lignes de metro se trouvent à la station la plus proche à 30 secondes à pieds (ligne 6,8,10). Le bus 80 est aussi disponible pour aller aux champs elysées ou à Montmartre L'immeuble est très bien gardé par des vigils avec chiens de garde
10717	1er étage exposition Est/Ouest sans vis à vis. L'appartement de 90 m2+10 m2 de balcon fleuri, comporte un grand séjour/salle à manger. 2 chambres donnant sur le balcon et le jardin intérieur donc très calmes. Literie d'excellente qualité. Tout le linge est fourni. Volets électriques dans toutes les pièces. Un bureau. Une salle de bains complète avec baignoire, douche, WC. Un second WC. La cuisine est équipée d'un lave-vaisselle, d'une plaque de cuisson à induction, frigo/congélateur et des appareils habituels de confort.  Une grand entrée avec bibliothèque et vidéothèque. Les peintures sont toutes écologiques.Parquet de chêne. Plusieurs boutiques bio sont présentes à moins de 5 mn à pied, plus tous les commerces. Le grand Parc André Citroën est à 10 mn à pied. Par le métro, tram ou bus ou vélib  vous êtes à 20 mn maximum de la Tour Eiffel et de tous les centres touristiques. Accès facile depuis l'aéroport d'Orly. 	Appartement spacieux, moderne avec balcon donnant sur le jardin privé de l'immeuble gardienné. Il peut accueillir soit 2 couples, soit 2 amis. A 10 mn à pied de la Porte de Versailles.(Parc des expos) Le quartier est calme,très bien desservi par le métro et les bus. 1er étage exposition Est/Ouest sans vis à vis. L'appartement de 90 m2+10 m2 de balcon fleuri, comporte un grand séjour/salle à manger. 2 chambres donnant sur le balcon et le jardin intérieur donc très calmes. Literie d'excellente qualité. Tout le linge est fourni. Volets électriques dans toutes les pièces. Un bureau. Une salle de bains complète avec baignoire, douche, WC. Un second WC. La cuisine est équipée d'un lave-vaisselle, d'une plaque de cuisson à induction, frigo/congélateur et des appareils habituels de confort.  Une grand entrée avec bibliothèque et vidéothèque. Les peintures sont toutes écologiques.Parquet de chêne. Plusieurs boutiques bio sont présentes à moins de 5 mn à pied, plus tous les commerces. Le grand P
10718	le studio est comme neuf clair et calme  très bien éclairé, sécurisé (serrure 3 points)	studio a paris 15EME  Métro Convention meublé refait a neuf  parquet au sol  douche et WC séparé, calme  le studio est comme neuf clair et calme  très bien éclairé, sécurisé (serrure 3 points) métro Convention ( quartier commerçant)
10719	L'immeuble se situe à l'angle de la porte de Versailles, avec une vue dégagée sur toute la place	Grand appartement de 100 m² avec 3 chambres équipées de 3 grands lits double. A 3 minutes à pied du Parc des Expositions il est idéal aussi bien pour les professionnels exposants que pour les déplacements touristiques à Paris. L'immeuble se situe à l'angle de la porte de Versailles, avec une vue dégagée sur toute la place Tout l'espace est laissé à disposition des voyageurs. Je ne suis pas présent dans le logement mais réactif et disponible. En complément à la situation idéale de l'appartement, de nombreux commerces s'offrent à vous (boulangerie, boucherie, épicerie, excellents restaurants, pressing...) et l'appartement est situé à 15 minutes de deux superbes parcs A pied, vous êtes à 5 mm des salons de la Porte de Versailles, à 2 mm de la station de Métro Porte de Versailles Ligne 12 (15 minutes du quartier de St Germain des Prés ; 20 minutes de la Concorde ; 30 minutes de Montmartre et du Louvre ; 35 minutes de Pigalle...).  A 2 minutes des stations de Tramway T3 (15 minutes de la Po
10720	Transports : Lignes 8, 10. Monuments, sites, RER C Versailles Appartement de 45 m², dans le 15ème arrondissement,idéal pour un séjour agréable en plein Paris. Situé sur les lignes 8 à 2 mn (Invalides-Opéra-République), ligne 10 à 4 mn(St Germain des Près-Odéon) et RER C à 6 mn (Château de Versailles), ces lignes desservent monuments, musées et sites. Vous êtes à : - 10 mn à pied du parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles - 15 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel - 10 mn à pied des bords de Seine où vous pouvez vous promener Dans un quartier en plein essor avec un nouveau centre commercial (Beaugrenelle), des commerces de proximité en bas de l’immeuble. L'appartement est un 2 pièces composé d’une chambre avec un grand lit pour 2 personnes, d’un séjour comprenant un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes, un téléviseur à écran plat avec les chaînes françaises et étrangères et un coin repas. La cuisine est équipée d'un four micro-ondes, de 4 plaques céramiques, d'un réfrigérateur-congélateur e	Transports : Lignes 8, 10. Monuments, sites, RER C Versailles Appartement de 45 m², dans le 15ème arrondissement,idéal pour un séjour agréable en plein Paris. Situé sur les lignes 8 à 2 mn (Invalides-Opéra-République), ligne 10 à 4 mn(St Germain des Près-Odéon) et RER C à 6 mn (Château de Versailles), ces lignes desservent monuments, musées et sites. Vous êtes à : - 10 mn à pied du parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles - 15 mn à pied de la Tour Eiffel - 10 mn à pied des bords de Seine où vous pouvez vous promener Dans un quartier en plein essor avec un nouveau centre commercial (Beaugrenelle), des commerces de proximité en bas de l’immeuble. L'appartement est un 2 pièces composé d’une chambre avec un grand lit pour 2 personnes, d’un séjour comprenant un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes, un téléviseur à écran plat avec les chaînes françaises et étrangères et un coin repas. La cuisine est équipée d'un four micro-ondes, de 4 plaques céramiques, d'un réfrigérateur-congélateur e
10721	Terrasse au cœur de Paris	Deux pièces de charme entièrement rénové  très ensoleillé. Clair et douillet. Profitez de la Vue sur les toits parisiens de la terrasse. 1 chambre, 1 canapé lit, cuisine équipée et sdb avec baignoire. Proches métros.  Terrasse au cœur de Paris Non Proches commerces , entre convention et porte de Versailles, parc andré Citroën  Metro 6 eme sans ascenseur
10722	Discover parisian life in my 2 rooms apartment located at the first floor of a typical parisian building in left bank of Paris My lovely fully equipped apartment will provide you with all you need to spend a pleasant stay and feel like home in Paris alone or by 2.   You will find a quiet bedroom with a comfortable queen size bed, situated on the side of a quiet impasse. There are TV & DVD player in the bedroom as well as Wifi The living room is equipped with a small sofa bed and a low table to enjoy a drink or a meal at home with music There is also a stand alone kitchen (washing machine, oven, microwave,fridge, toaster,Nespresso)  For your comfort, towels and sheets are provided You will be pleased to walk along the alleys of Champ de mars, continue to the Eiffel Tower, board on a Seine Cruise, or stroll in gardens of Trocadéro. You will reach 2 different lines (8,12) of metro stations by a 10 minutes walk, allowing you then to be in Ecole Militaire & Eiffel tower in 5 minutes and in 	"Discover parisian life in this cosy  2 r flat located 10 min walk away from Exhibition Center Porte de Versailles or Rue du Commerce and 4 stations from Eiffel Tower : you will definitely enjoy ""Rive Gauche"" from there! Discover parisian life in my 2 rooms apartment located at the first floor of a typical parisian building in left bank of Paris My lovely fully equipped apartment will provide you with all you need to spend a pleasant stay and feel like home in Paris alone or by 2.   You will find a quiet bedroom with a comfortable queen size bed, situated on the side of a quiet impasse. There are TV & DVD player in the bedroom as well as Wifi The living room is equipped with a small sofa bed and a low table to enjoy a drink or a meal at home with music There is also a stand alone kitchen (washing machine, oven, microwave,fridge, toaster,Nespresso)  For your comfort, towels and sheets are provided You will be pleased to walk along the alleys of Champ de mars, continue to the Eiffel Tower"
10723		Appartement neuf 26 m2, Vue sur la tour Eiffel, Ascenseur, Extrêmement lumineux. Situé à 10 minutes de Paris 15ème à pieds, 15 minutes de Paris - Montparnasse (métro), 5 minutes de Porte de Versailles ( Parc Expo ) à pieds. Logement entier
10724	Spacious, bright, colorful, warm, this apartment is located in a small building of brick and stone from the beginning of the twentieth century, and gives both the Lecourbe street and the trees in the courtyard garden of the condominium. Ideal for a family or two couples with three bedrooms, it nevertheless has 7 beds and can sleep up to 7 people, but no more. You can also enjoy the large balcony for an aperitif or dinner there as we do ourselves.	This beautiful 136m2 apartment offers a typical Parisian interior charm (moldings, flooring, fireplaces), large bright rooms, and a kitchen where it feels good living. Near transportation, it is an ideal place to discover Paris. Spacious, bright, colorful, warm, this apartment is located in a small building of brick and stone from the beginning of the twentieth century, and gives both the Lecourbe street and the trees in the courtyard garden of the condominium. Ideal for a family or two couples with three bedrooms, it nevertheless has 7 beds and can sleep up to 7 people, but no more. You can also enjoy the large balcony for an aperitif or dinner there as we do ourselves. Travelers can use all the facilities present: - TV - Wifi - Console Gaming (Wii U & Xbox One) - HIFI - 3 IPod Docking Stations - Oven Microwave - Convection oven - Dishwasher - Nespresso - Food processor - Thermomix - 5 burner hob - Dishes, glasses, etc ... - Laundry - Dryer - Hair dryer - Hydromassage shower cabin - T
10725	L'appartement comprends:  Une cuisine équipée, four, frigidaire, congélateur, feu inductions,... Un salon (canapés, table basse, télévision, chaine Hifi) Une chambre avec bureau avec internet, un lit double  Toilette et salle de bain séparé Très éclairé et tranquille English version The flat is composing : Full kitchen with refrigerator, congelator. A living room with a confortable couch, a television a small table and some books (french, english, russian :) A room with a double bed, and a desk with a computer  WC and bathroom separate Very sunny and quiet 	Bonjour à tous, L'appartement est situé dans le 15ème arrondissement près du métro lourmel (ligne8), desnouettes T3, ou porte de versailles un peu plus loin (ligne12) L'appartement est au 6ème étage dans un quartier tranquille et L'appartement comprends:  Une cuisine équipée, four, frigidaire, congélateur, feu inductions,... Un salon (canapés, table basse, télévision, chaine Hifi) Une chambre avec bureau avec internet, un lit double  Toilette et salle de bain séparé Très éclairé et tranquille English version The flat is composing : Full kitchen with refrigerator, congelator. A living room with a confortable couch, a television a small table and some books (french, english, russian :) A room with a double bed, and a desk with a computer  WC and bathroom separate Very sunny and quiet Je suis à Paris et vous aiderait avec plaisir I stay in Paris and help you with pleasure Я говорю немного по-русски Quartier familiale et populaire Supermarché bio à 100m, 200m un supermarché casino, 50m une
10726	High ceilings; large windows; modern, clean bathroom; wooden flooring; very bright and spacious.	Our beautiful, clean, spacious apartment will offer a perfect base for exploring Paris and all it's delights. On the edge of the city, it's in a calm, safe neighbourhood but less than 25 minutes away (door to door) from all the major parisian tourist attractions High ceilings; large windows; modern, clean bathroom; wooden flooring; very bright and spacious. WiFi; fully equipped kitchen (sorry- no microwave or toaster) with coffee machine and capsules.  We plan on renting out occasionally when we're out of town. If we're not around to greet you, show you around and handover the keys, we'll arrange for someone to do so in our place. Big supermarket (Casino) just around the corner; a few nice bars and restaurants in the local area; 4 minutes walk from a park (André Citroen) in which a hot air balloon ride can be taken to see Paris; 5 minutes walk from the banks of the Seine. Overall, extremely convenient for accessing major tourist attractions on public transport.  30 seconds from line 8 
10727	Appartement de 70m2 dans une résidence bien entretenue  L’appartement est aménagé de la façon suivante :  - 3ème étage avec ascenseur  - Une chambre double  - 1 chambre d’enfant avec un lit bébé et un matelas une place posé par terre (nous avons du chauffage au sol même en hiver vous n’aurez pas froid)  - Un salon avec un canapé lit de marque habitat, très confortable. Deux baies vitrées donne accès à un balcon. Cette pièce et très lumineuse et agréable à vivre.  - Une cuisine entièrement équipée : frigo, congélateur, four, micro-ondes, lave vaisselle, bouilloire, grille pain, machine à café Nespresso …  - Une grande salle de bain L’appartement est à 2 minutes à pieds du parc Georges Brassens et des nombreux bistrots et restaurants qui le bordent.  Le super marché le plus proche se trouve à deux minutes et vous trouverez dans un rayon de 5 minutes de marche, des boulangeries, boucheries, fromager …  Tous les mardis, jeudis et dimanches se tient le marché sur la rue de la Convention. Bu	Nous vous proposons de louer notre appartement, idéal pour une famille ou un petit groupe. Si nécessaire nous mettons a disposition tout le matériel nécessaire pour un jeune enfant.
10728	Charmant F1 de 30 m2 situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, proche de la Tour Eiffel et du centre de Paris. A 7 minutes du métro Convention.  Idéal pour deux ou trois personnes. Appartement meublé : une pièce principale avec canapé-lit double très confortable, matelas d'appoint pour une personne, table à manger, télévision. Balcon avec vue agréable, deux tabourets. Cuisine équipée et grande salle de bains avec baignoire et toilettes. Lave linge, fer et table à repasser.  Logement situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Immeuble neuf avec digicode et interphone. Rue calme et sécurisée. Grand supermarché en bas de l'immeuble avec commerces, cafés et restaurants à proximité. Caution : 30% du total payable à la réservation Frais de ménage : 30 euros pour tout le séjour	Charming 30 m2 located in the 15th ard. of Paris, near Eiffel Tower. 7 minutes away from Convention metro station,Ideal for two or three people.Quiet & safe street. Large supermarket down the building , cafes and restaurants nearby, elevator to 3rd F 7 min. away of Metro convention
10729	Beautiful one bedroom in a modern building located in a quiet street close to the Champ de Mars Residentiel area with shops and restaurants nearby space living room with contemporary furnitures and confortable Well equiped kitchen and spacious shower room TV, Phone and Internet WIFI central location in front of the Trocadero and next to the Eiffel Tower RER A	Beautiful one bedroom in a modern building located in a quiet street close to the Champ de Mars Residentiel area with shops and restaurants nearby space living room with contemporary furnitures and confortable Well equiped kitchen and spacious shower room TV, Phone and Internet WIFI central location in front of the Trocadero and next to the Eiffel Tower RER A
10730	Lovely, cosy and comfortable. A studio which can serve all your needs for a shorter or longer stay in the city of lights.	A classic parisian sous-les-toits 20m2 studio, a 20minute walk from the Eiffel tour and well served by metro buses, tram and night buses. In one of the most secure neighbourhoods in Paris. Next to supermarkets, bakery and commercial road
10731	A deux pas de la Seine, A proximité immédiate du cœur de Paris. Studio totalement rénové par architecte. Matériaux de qualité	A deux pas de la Seine, A proximité immédiate du cœur de Paris. Studio totalement rénové par architecte. Matériaux de qualité
10732	"Luxury 2 bedroom penthouse apartment - Balcony - Eiffel Tower view Fully furnished 90m2 -bedroom apartment with two bathrooms, suitable for four people.  Situated on the Rive Gauche - the ""left bank” of the River Seine: - 5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the park of Champ de Mars  - 10mn ride to the Champ Elysees  - 20 mn to St Germain des Près  - 10 mn to Montparnasse Located in a residential neighborhood, the apartment is particularly quiet yet very central. There is a typical street market twice a week, only 2 blocks away. It's close to the most charming and  animated streets of the 7th district, rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler where there is a typical open  market, nice cafes and restaurants with a very parisian athmosphere. The apt is in a very safe building (code and interphone) on the 8th floor with an elevator, very clear  and calm, perfect for a couple with chidren. The apt is very charming and fully furnished. You will love this contemporary penthouse apartment, especial"	"Fully furnished 90m2 2 bedroom apartment with Eiffel tower view, suitable for 4 to 5 people Situated on the Rive Gauche : - 5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the park of Champ de Mars - 10mn ride to the Champ Elysees - 20mn to St Germain des Près Luxury 2 bedroom penthouse apartment - Balcony - Eiffel Tower view Fully furnished 90m2 -bedroom apartment with two bathrooms, suitable for four people.  Situated on the Rive Gauche - the ""left bank” of the River Seine: - 5 mns walk from the Eiffel Tower and the park of Champ de Mars  - 10mn ride to the Champ Elysees  - 20 mn to St Germain des Près  - 10 mn to Montparnasse Located in a residential neighborhood, the apartment is particularly quiet yet very central. There is a typical street market twice a week, only 2 blocks away. It's close to the most charming and  animated streets of the 7th district, rue Saint Dominique and rue Cler where there is a typical open  market, nice cafes and restaurants with a very parisian athmosphere. The ap"
10733		Studio cosy de 27m² m² proche de toutes commodités situé à quelques minutes de marche des métros convention et boucicaut. Vous pourrez profiter des nombreux équipements pendant votre séjour : cuisine équipée,baignoire,station iPod, canapé double...!
10734	Large 100m2 flat with large patio. Perfect for the romantic escapade in Paris or vacation with kids (baby bed available)! A minute away from the famous Georges Brassens park and just a little more to the Eiffel tower.	Large 100m2 flat with large patio. Perfect for the romantic escapade in Paris or vacation with kids (baby bed available)! A minute away from the famous Georges Brassens park and just a little more to the Eiffel tower.
10735	Proche Parc Exposition Tour Eiffel Montparnasse	Proche Parc Exposition Tour Eiffel Montparnasse Marché alimentaire et textile le mardi jeudi et dimanche. Tout commerce proche et supermarché à 30 mètres ouvert jusqu'à 22 heures Métro Convention Bus 62, 89, 95
10736	The studio is very comfortable, extremely cosy and quiet. I  renovated it very recently to create a warmly & chic ambiance.  The kitchen is fully equipped: microwave, oven, induction plaque, dishwasher, kettle, 2 coffee maschines (1 for Americano coffee and 1 for nespresso)... In the bathroom you could enjoy a spacious and Italian style bath. There is a washing-drying machine. The toilets are independent. Wifi & radio are provided. The apartment is perfectly comfortable in winter time due to a big heating.  The building is very secured, as you need 2 codes and one badge to have access, and very well located. 	Beautiful modern & cosy 30 sq.m. apartment, furnished & fully equipped On 7th floor with lift, there is big balcony where you could eat!   Ideally located: 2 min from Convention Metro (12) and 7 min from Porte de Versailles-Paris Expo Stay in an authentic, familial Parisian district. The studio is very comfortable, extremely cosy and quiet. I  renovated it very recently to create a warmly & chic ambiance.  The kitchen is fully equipped: microwave, oven, induction plaque, dishwasher, kettle, 2 coffee maschines (1 for Americano coffee and 1 for nespresso)... In the bathroom you could enjoy a spacious and Italian style bath. There is a washing-drying machine. The toilets are independent. Wifi & radio are provided. The apartment is perfectly comfortable in winter time due to a big heating.  The building is very secured, as you need 2 codes and one badge to have access, and very well located.  Just crossing the street, you have the famous store, Monoprix, which is very convenient for daily 
10737	Studio lumineux avec un grand balcon vue sur un petit jardin. Un lit deux places et un canapé-lit pour deux personnes. Une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée. ( micro-ondes, plaques chauffantes et four, réfrigérateur )	Grand Studio 34m², Paris 15ème, rue de Lourmel, pour 2 jusqu'à 4 personnes, au 5ème étage, avec ascenseur, calme, métro Lourmel  A 5 min de la rue du commerce, à 10 min de la tour-eiffel et à 20 min de l'opéra de Paris.  Très bon cadre de vie. Studio lumineux avec un grand balcon vue sur un petit jardin. Un lit deux places et un canapé-lit pour deux personnes. Une salle de bain et une cuisine équipée. ( micro-ondes, plaques chauffantes et four, réfrigérateur ) Accès à la télévision et à internet. Accès aux équipements de la cuisine. Quartier calme, avec une épicerie, une boulangerie, des restaurants et des brasseries. Carrefour à 100 m de l'immeuble. Un pressing et une laverie en bas de l'immeuble. Station Lourmel sur la Ligne 8 ( il y a toutes les correspondances sur la ligne 8 sauf la ligne 2) Bus 42 et 39
10738	"Le studio dispose d'une très belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux, sans vis-à-vis, il vous donnera le sentiment d'habiter le ciel de Paris. La nuit, vous contemplerez les lumières des toits et les scintillements féeriques de la ""dame d'acier"". "	"Calme et très lumineux, ce grand studio offre une belle vue panoramique sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Situé au 7ème et dernier étage, entièrement rénové en 2014, il comprend une pièce séjour-chambre, une cuisine équipée, une salle d'eau.  Le studio dispose d'une très belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux, sans vis-à-vis, il vous donnera le sentiment d'habiter le ciel de Paris. La nuit, vous contemplerez les lumières des toits et les scintillements féeriques de la ""dame d'acier"".  Vous disposerez de l'accès à tout le logement. Vous pourrez préparer vous-mêmes vos repas dans la cuisine. La remise des clés et l'état des lieux à l'entrée et à la sortie seront faits par une personne de confiance. Situé dans un quartier calme et commerçant, le studio permet un accès simple à tous les services : alimentation, pressing... Par le bus (ligne 62, station Boucicaut) ou le métro (ligne 8, station Lourmel ou Boucicaut). location minimum 4 nuits "
10739	Ideal flat with a View on Eiffel Tower Paris France 15th district    Quiet, located near main shopping areas, you will be living in a typical Parisian flat, recently redecorated with wooden floors, fire place and fine ceilings.     40 m2 L shaped flat (located south/southwest), daylight all day long. - One bedroom with double bed 160X200 cm (new mattress) - One bathroom with bathtub - One fully furnished kitchen - One dressing room - Double living room : dining room with fire place and convertible sofa (140X200 cm), - A running balcony   The blue apart’ has being entirely renovated in 2011 to welcome you in the best conditions.  - Complimentary WIFI, adsl telephone, TV and DVD. - Washing machine - Oven and grill, microwave oven, gas burners. - Fridge/Freezer - Iron - Hair dryer - Sheets, household linen and bathroom linen. 	Ideal flat with a View on Eiffel Tower Paris France 15th district    Quiet, located near main shopping areas, you will be living in a typical Parisian flat, recently redecorated with wooden floors, fire place and fine ceilings.     40 m2 L shaped flat (located south/southwest), daylight all day long. - One bedroom with double bed 160X200 cm (new mattress) - One bathroom with bathtub - One fully furnished kitchen - One dressing room - Double living room : dining room with fire place and convertible sofa (140X200 cm), - A running balcony   The blue apart’ has being entirely renovated in 2011 to welcome you in the best conditions.  - Complimentary WIFI, adsl telephone, TV and DVD. - Washing machine - Oven and grill, microwave oven, gas burners. - Fridge/Freezer - Iron - Hair dryer - Sheets, household linen and bathroom linen. 
10740	Un véritable deux pièces de 35m2 en plein cœur du 15 eme arrondissement. Aménagé récemment, cet appartement est fait pour se sentir bien: mobilier clair et moderne, ambiance cosy ... La lumière est énormément présente dans cet appartement grace aux deux grandes portes fenêtres qui sont dans les deux pièces.  il est très bien équipé: Tv, wifi, rangement, lit double et canapé lit, plaques à induction et four micro onde, nombreux placards et le plus: toilettes séparées.  la rue est très charmante et typique, une des plus jolie et réputée du 15 eme: le parc Georges Brassens est à quelques pas. Nombreux restaurants et bars sympas à proximité ( rue des morillons)  proche des transports( métro 13 et 12) et bus ( 95 et 62) vous serez dans le centre de Paris très rapidement.  vous pouvez apercevoir la Tour Eiffel de la fenêtre!	Appartement deux pièces  Centre de Paris ( 15 eme) tres cosy, moderne et lumineux. Un véritable deux pièces de 35m2 en plein cœur du 15 eme arrondissement. Aménagé récemment, cet appartement est fait pour se sentir bien: mobilier clair et moderne, ambiance cosy ... La lumière est énormément présente dans cet appartement grace aux deux grandes portes fenêtres qui sont dans les deux pièces.  il est très bien équipé: Tv, wifi, rangement, lit double et canapé lit, plaques à induction et four micro onde, nombreux placards et le plus: toilettes séparées.  la rue est très charmante et typique, une des plus jolie et réputée du 15 eme: le parc Georges Brassens est à quelques pas. Nombreux restaurants et bars sympas à proximité ( rue des morillons)  proche des transports( métro 13 et 12) et bus ( 95 et 62) vous serez dans le centre de Paris très rapidement.  vous pouvez apercevoir la Tour Eiffel de la fenêtre! j'accueillerais les voyageurs lors de leurs arrivées et partagerais avec eux mes bons 
10741	Notre appartement se situe dans un immeuble de standing de la fin des années 60. Avec 4 vrais chambres, séparé de l'espace salon, il permettra que chacun profiter pleinement de son espace. Le balcon est très agréable les beaux jours venus. Pour les couchages, il y a 2 chambres avec des lits doubles (160 cm et 140 cm), une chambre avec un lit superposé et une chambre avec 2 lits de 80 cm pouvant être réunis pour faire un lit de 160 cm. Vous disposez également d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (plaque à induction, frigo, four, four micro onde). Proche de la porte de Versailles (salon nautique, Foire de Paris, parc des expositions, palais des sports), de l'Hôpital Georges Pompidou, de la coulée verte et du Ministère de la Défense.	Grand appartement lumineux de 116m2 pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 10 personnes (4 chambres et un canapé lit dans le salon).  Proche metro (lourmel 5 min et porte de versailles  12min). Proche parc expo 25 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Notre appartement se situe dans un immeuble de standing de la fin des années 60. Avec 4 vrais chambres, séparé de l'espace salon, il permettra que chacun profiter pleinement de son espace. Le balcon est très agréable les beaux jours venus. Pour les couchages, il y a 2 chambres avec des lits doubles (160 cm et 140 cm), une chambre avec un lit superposé et une chambre avec 2 lits de 80 cm pouvant être réunis pour faire un lit de 160 cm. Vous disposez également d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (plaque à induction, frigo, four, four micro onde). Proche de la porte de Versailles (salon nautique, Foire de Paris, parc des expositions, palais des sports), de l'Hôpital Georges Pompidou, de la coulée verte et du Ministère de la Défense. Nous serons disponible pour vo
10742		
10743	You will find yourself  in a calm, luminous and cosy studio: a small balcony, facing a quiet area, a bedroom, living room with tv, kitchenette (fully equiped: fridge, microwave, oven, hot plates, dishwasher), bathroom (with bathtub) and separated lavatories. WIFI. If you need any breakfast or diner, a restaurant is available on the ground floor, with reservation. You also have access to a washing machine and dryer in the building, 24 hours a day. The residence is secured with a digital code. Ideally located, near the main tramway lines (T2 and T3) and metro ( line 8 and 12). You will be able to reach the main attractions of Paris (Opéra, Concorde, Montparnasse, Boulevard Saint Germain) in 15-20 minutes. A parking space is at your disposition	You will find yourself  in a calm, luminous and cosy studio: a small balcony, facing a quiet area, a bedroom, living room with tv, kitchenette (fully equiped: fridge, microwave, oven, hot plates, dishwasher), bathroom (with bathtub) and separated lavatories. WIFI. If you need any breakfast or diner, a restaurant is available on the ground floor, with reservation. You also have access to a washing machine and dryer in the building, 24 hours a day. The residence is secured with a digital code. Ideally located, near the main tramway lines (T2 and T3) and metro ( line 8 and 12). You will be able to reach the main attractions of Paris (Opéra, Concorde, Montparnasse, Boulevard Saint Germain) in 15-20 minutes. A parking space is at your disposition
10744	It is a functional studio 30 m2 overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has lots of character, paneling and beige walls, wooden floor, marble fireplace. Large fitted kitchen (washing machine, oven / microwave, hob + household robots) Living room with sofa bed, flat screen TV with channels from around the world + dining room. Bathroom shower and toilet Wifi + unlimited calls to all mobile + unlimited to 100 destinations abroad french phones. 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower! Metro: Line 6/8/10 Dupleix / Motte Piquet Grenelle Bir Hakeim RER C + At 15/20 min of all Paris, you will be (email hidden)ly and quiet at night. Every Wednesday and Sunday mornings, you will find the market just down the house or you can treat yourself 100% French products (cheeses, olives, breads, etc. .. but the flavors of the world.	It's a charming apartment localized in a haussmannien building. You will feel like in your house in the heart of Paris city. Coming to my place, you will not find a rent apartment, but a real cocooning place to live Paris. It is a functional studio 30 m2 overlooking the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has lots of character, paneling and beige walls, wooden floor, marble fireplace. Large fitted kitchen (washing machine, oven / microwave, hob + household robots) Living room with sofa bed, flat screen TV with channels from around the world + dining room. Bathroom shower and toilet Wifi + unlimited calls to all mobile + unlimited to 100 destinations abroad french phones. 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower! Metro: Line 6/8/10 Dupleix / Motte Piquet Grenelle Bir Hakeim RER C + At 15/20 min of all Paris, you will be (email hidden)ly and quiet at night. Every Wednesday and Sunday mornings, you will find the market just down the house or you can treat yourself 100% French products (cheeses, olives, 
10745		Studio in one of the most typical and charming Parisian district In one of the most typical Parisian neighborhood, my studio is ideally located to discover Paris and all its beauty.  My Studio totally furnished and brand new has a high speed wifi connection and is located in a building with elevator and has hairdryer, clean towels and sheets, a flat-screen TV and everything to cook. Located in Brancion is a nice area that managed to preserve the charm and color of traditional Paris.  Just steps from my studio you can enjoy activities that will have you falling into step with the locals such as browsing through the antique book market held every weekend in the old slaughter house, visiting the fish market and taking an extended stroll through the “Parc Georges Brassens” where the famous French poets and singers looked for and found inspiration. My studio is very close to the exhibition grounds of “La Porte de Versailles” where all the main shows and trade fairs are held. Montparnasse qu
10746	3 ème étage et donc très lumineux. Il s'agit d'un vieil  appartement haussmannien (parquet, vieil cheminée etc). Les locataires pourront profiter de la cour intérieure pour prendre du bon temps.  Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser les valises, il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner, four, plaques, frigo, congélateur, lave vaisselle. Il y a une machine à laver, table a repasser, internet etc. Un canapé lit est dans le salon (1 personne) et un lit dans grande chambre. La surface de l'appartement est de 50m2, très bien agencés. Le parc Georges Brassens, juste à côté permet de faire des petits piques niques sans aller trop loin! La tour Eiffel n'est pas loin. C'est ma première fois en tant qu'hote, mais j'ai l'habitude de louer et vous n'aurez pas de mauvaise surprise. Si vous avez des questions n'hésitez pas. A bientôt :) 	Bonjour, Notre appartement est très causy et idéal pour un séjour romantique dans la capitale. Il est traversant et donc très lumineux. Proche métro convention, parcs, commerces et autres distractions . N’hésitez pas si vous avez des questions 3 ème étage et donc très lumineux. Il s'agit d'un vieil  appartement haussmannien (parquet, vieil cheminée etc). Les locataires pourront profiter de la cour intérieure pour prendre du bon temps.  Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser les valises, il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner, four, plaques, frigo, congélateur, lave vaisselle. Il y a une machine à laver, table a repasser, internet etc. Un canapé lit est dans le salon (1 personne) et un lit dans grande chambre. La surface de l'appartement est de 50m2, très bien agencés. Le parc Georges Brassens, juste à côté permet de faire des petits piques niques sans aller trop loin! La tour Eiffel n'est pas loin. C'est ma première fois en tant qu'hote, mais j'ai l'habitude de louer et vous n'aurez pas de mauva
10747	"Cosy studio of 23m ² Nice view of Parc Georges Brassens and Montparnasse tour Close to  ""Porte de Versailles"" -Tramway Georges Brassens -Station Autolib and Veli' B -Subway to the eiffel tower in 25 min   Perfect for a couple visiting Paris Kitchen  with Dishwasher, Fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster, etc.."	"Nice view on parc Georges Brassens 23m² for 2 people, fourth floor,renoveted, nice fully equipped kitchen. Supermarket 5min Quiet neighborhood, 20min city center, Tour Eiffel Tramway at 1min by step 5 min to porte versailles Cosy studio of 23m ² Nice view of Parc Georges Brassens and Montparnasse tour Close to  ""Porte de Versailles"" -Tramway Georges Brassens -Station Autolib and Veli' B -Subway to the eiffel tower in 25 min   Perfect for a couple visiting Paris Kitchen  with Dishwasher, Fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster, etc.. Métro / Tramway / Bus Porte de Versailles, Convention, Georges Brassens Parc / Bar / Restaurants I welcome you and give you the keys and i am going to be available by phone or mail during your trip The Parc Georges-Brassens  2min, i advocate Restaurant Libanais  Marwa, rue dantzig Le restaurant du marché,good french chef rue dantzig Métro / Tramway / Bus  Tramway georges brassens 100m, métro porte de versailles, Convention"
10748		Studio de 25m2 dans le 15éme rue St Charles. Beaucoup de commerce , Marché le mardi et le samedi. Situé à 15 minutes à pieds de la Tour Effel.
10749	A cozy very clean studio with the beautiful view. One mezzanine and a couch that makes 4 sleeping places. My piano can make your stay even more romantic.	Sunny apartment on the 6th floor with an amazing view on eiffel tower and 5 min. walk from champs de mars. Fully equipped, little kitchen, shower, wc and 2 spacious closets and wifi included in price. 4 sleeping places. metro ligne 6, 8 and 10 A cozy very clean studio with the beautiful view. One mezzanine and a couch that makes 4 sleeping places. My piano can make your stay even more romantic. To all apartment. I will not be in town very nice and calm neighbourhood. With great restaurants close by and a street rue de commerce with shops. Close to 3 ligne stations the 6, the 8 and the 10. 5 min away from the 3 different metro stations.  the best for me is to rent it for the whole period. 
10750	"Located on the 8th floor with elevator, very charming studio of 25 m2 (269 ft) + a private terrace (193,75 ft), it offers the best roommate Paris: The Eiffel tower. Since the large window of the main room or from the terrace you can enjoy having a breakfast or dinner with ""her"" in the romance of her hundreds of twinkling lights every hour and its great beacon that sweeps the skies of Paris. Located in the 15th arr. (Metro Convention), a large market just downstairs you with fruits and vegetables, fish, meat and spices three times a week will offer all what you need to cook fresh products. All shops, bakeries, restaurants, cafes are also just downstairs. Convention metro station is only five minutes from the metro station Montparnasse. The apartment consists of an entrance hall, a small kitchen, a small bathroom (shower) separates from the main room and terrace. The wooden floor makes it charming and very comfortable. The bed is not that big (1 room and a half) but well suited for a sin"	"Located on the 8th floor with elevator, very charming studio of 25 m2 (269 ft) + a private terrace (193,75 ft), it offers the best roommate Paris: The Eiffel tower. Since the large window of the main room or from the terrace you can enjoy having a breakfast or dinner with ""her"" in the romance of her hundreds of twinkling lights every hour and its great beacon that sweeps the skies of Paris. Located in the 15th arr. (Metro Convention), a large market just downstairs you with fruits and vegetables, fish, meat and spices three times a week will offer all what you need to cook fresh products. All shops, bakeries, restaurants, cafes are also just downstairs. Convention metro station is only five minutes from the metro station Montparnasse. The apartment consists of an entrance hall, a small kitchen, a small bathroom (shower) separates from the main room and terrace. The wooden floor makes it charming and very comfortable. The bed is not that big (1 room and a half) but well suited for a sin"
10751	L'immeuble est situé sur le boulevard Grenelle, à côté de la Tour Eiffel. Immeuble sécurisé (code et interphone) juste au dessus d'un magasin alimentaire (Franprix); ce qui est très pratique !  Nid douillet de 25m2 situé au 5ème étage (immeuble de 8 étages avec ascenseur) où vous vous sentirez bien. The building is located on the Boulevard de Grenelle, near the Eiffel Tower. Secure building (code and intercom) just above a food store (Franprix); which is very convenient! Nest of 25m2 on the 5th floor (8 storey building with elevator) where you will feel good.	"Come stay in a nice studio near the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. Metro line 6 station ""Bir Hakeim"". Kitchen, bath, balcony, internet: everything is available :) L'immeuble est situé sur le boulevard Grenelle, à côté de la Tour Eiffel. Immeuble sécurisé (code et interphone) juste au dessus d'un magasin alimentaire (Franprix); ce qui est très pratique !  Nid douillet de 25m2 situé au 5ème étage (immeuble de 8 étages avec ascenseur) où vous vous sentirez bien. The building is located on the Boulevard de Grenelle, near the Eiffel Tower. Secure building (code and intercom) just above a food store (Franprix); which is very convenient! Nest of 25m2 on the 5th floor (8 storey building with elevator) where you will feel good. La Tour Eiffel, les Champs de mars, les Champs Elysées, Ecole militaire : cela est à proximité de l'appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Je suis joignable par téléphone lors de votre séjour. N'hésitez pas à me"
10752	Fully furnished apartment of 55m ² arranged and organized to bring you the best comfort during your stay. You will have a set of equipment, furniture and modern, for your well being. - Fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher). - Living SAM (Sofa bed, flat screen TV, DVD player). - House (sleeping 2X80x200 or 160X200). Nbrx storage. - Office space (WiFi). - Separate toilet and bathroom. The apartment is located on the first floor of a building with elevator (door code - guardian). The area is very pleasant and lively, it offers all the amenities (shops, leisure, transport, car park 24h/24). The location is ideal, whether you are in Paris for business or leisure stay. Outreach • amusement park • gastronomy • Film (s) Additional Information: - In the area: Metro lines (8-10, Bus (42-52-88), Tram (1-2), RER C. - Vélib . Porte de Versailles, Pompidou Hospital, Quays of the Seine, Eiffel Tower, Invalides.	Fully furnished apartment of 55m ² arranged and organized to bring you the best comfort during your stay. You will have a set of equipment, furniture and modern, for your well being. - Fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher). - Living SAM (Sofa bed, flat screen TV, DVD player). - House (sleeping 2X80x200 or 160X200). Nbrx storage. - Office space (WiFi). - Separate toilet and bathroom. The apartment is located on the first floor of a building with elevator (door code - guardian). The area is very pleasant and lively, it offers all the amenities (shops, leisure, transport, car park 24h/24). The location is ideal, whether you are in Paris for business or leisure stay. Outreach • amusement park • gastronomy • Film (s) Additional Information: - In the area: Metro lines (8-10, Bus (42-52-88), Tram (1-2), RER C. - Vélib . Porte de Versailles, Pompidou Hospital, Quays of the Seine, Eiffel Tower, Invalides.
10753	"Nice and bright flat on the 4th floor of a historic building, near rue de la Convention, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. It consists of a large living room, kitchen, bathroom with washing machine, bedroom with a view of the Eiffel tower. Perfect for 4 people. Just 2 minutes by feet from the metro station ""Boucicaut"" (line 8), 5 minutes from bus stop (#49 et #62) and Tram 3a, and 10 minutes from the station ""Porte de Versailles"" and ""Convention"" (line 12). The quarter is full of cheap supermarkets and cool bars.  For walking lovers, the flat is at 30/40 minutes by feet from many historical areas and monuments (Ecole militaire, Hotel des Invalides, Musée Rodin, Montparnasse, Jardins de Luxembourg). Plusieurs supermarché, commerces et bar sympa rejoignables à pied . Arrêt métro Boucicaut à 2 minutes à pied, arrêt Convention et Porte de Versailles (ligne 12) à 8/10 minutes,  bus (#42 et 62) et Tram 3a à 5 minutes à pied.  Pour les amants des promenades, la tour Eiffel, l'école militai"	"Nice and bright flat for 4 persons in the XVth arr., near rue de la Convention. 2 rooms, living room WC and bathroom. Eiffel Tower's vista. 2 min. to the metro 8 and 8 min. to the 12. Nice and bright flat on the 4th floor of a historic building, near rue de la Convention, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. It consists of a large living room, kitchen, bathroom with washing machine, bedroom with a view of the Eiffel tower. Perfect for 4 people. Just 2 minutes by feet from the metro station ""Boucicaut"" (line 8), 5 minutes from bus stop (#49 et #62) and Tram 3a, and 10 minutes from the station ""Porte de Versailles"" and ""Convention"" (line 12). The quarter is full of cheap supermarkets and cool bars.  For walking lovers, the flat is at 30/40 minutes by feet from many historical areas and monuments (Ecole militaire, Hotel des Invalides, Musée Rodin, Montparnasse, Jardins de Luxembourg). Plusieurs supermarché, commerces et bar sympa rejoignables à pied . Arrêt métro Boucicaut à 2 minutes à p"
10754	Very nice furnished studio (34 m²) for rent to one single person or a couple while I'm away Available Aug. 21-Dec. 10, 2015  MONTHLY RENTAL IS A STRONG PREFERENCE  Bright, spacious, with balcony, overlooking garden, this place has the best of both worlds: It is very quiet but everything you might need lies at your doorstep!  Separate, fully equipped kitchen (with microwave) Separate bathroom & toilet Great location, very safe and animated neighborhood close to everything: bus lines, supermarkets & other shops, cafés, restaurants, movie theater, park (Georges Brassens) + street market 3 times/week Local neighborhood with local flavor, not a tourist area (though fairly close to the Eiffel Tower) Amenities include: Elevator Balcony Washer High Speed Internet Flat-screen TV All linens, towels & cookware Queen-sized sofabed (very comfortable, very good mattress) Until August 19th, I will be in Paris and will be more than happy to show you my studio and get you oriented.  After that date, we	Very nice furnished studio (34 m²) for rent to one single person or a couple while I'm away Available Aug. 21-Dec. 10, 2015  MONTHLY RENTAL IS A STRONG PREFERENCE  Bright, spacious, with balcony, overlooking garden, this place has the best of both worlds: It is very quiet but everything you might need lies at your doorstep!  Separate, fully equipped kitchen (with microwave) Separate bathroom & toilet Great location, very safe and animated neighborhood close to everything: bus lines, supermarkets & other shops, cafés, restaurants, movie theater, park (Georges Brassens) + street market 3 times/week Local neighborhood with local flavor, not a tourist area (though fairly close to the Eiffel Tower) Amenities include: Elevator Balcony Washer High Speed Internet Flat-screen TV All linens, towels & cookware Queen-sized sofabed (very comfortable, very good mattress) Until August 19th, I will be in Paris and will be more than happy to show you my studio and get you oriented.  After that date, we
10755	2-room Apt with 1 Bedroom Sleeps: 2-4 people (1 Double Bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor: 4th and last floor Subway: M13 & M12 Surface area: 350 sq.ft./ 32 m2 Short List: Small bathtub to relax, good Bed, LCD screen, Wifi... (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: Quiet - Residential area with easy access to main center by subway. --- THE PROPERTY Sunny & Quiet apartment for up to 4 people. Perfect for a couple or a family, away from the crowds. A master bedroom with a Queen Size Bed, a living room with a sofa bed - kitchen - bathroom with bathtub & toilets. The owner has decorated the apartment with many travel souvenirs. Living room is black&red with modern and vintage. The result is colorful and peaceful. Close to 15th center (with small shops, restaurants, cafes, street markets with fresh products and large supermarkets) There's also a Park next to the Apartment (5mn walk) - with outside games for the kids. --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---  Dans un	2-room Apt with 1 Bedroom Sleeps: 2-4 people (1 Double Bed + 1 sofa bed) Floor: 4th and last floor Subway: M13 & M12 Surface area: 350 sq.ft./ 32 m2 Short List: Small bathtub to relax, good Bed, LCD screen, Wifi... (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: Quiet - Residential area with easy access to main center by subway. --- THE PROPERTY Sunny & Quiet apartment for up to 4 people. Perfect for a couple or a family, away from the crowds. A master bedroom with a Queen Size Bed, a living room with a sofa bed - kitchen - bathroom with bathtub & toilets. The owner has decorated the apartment with many travel souvenirs. Living room is black&red with modern and vintage. The result is colorful and peaceful. Close to 15th center (with small shops, restaurants, cafes, street markets with fresh products and large supermarkets) There's also a Park next to the Apartment (5mn walk) - with outside games for the kids. --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---  Dans un
10756	Appartement familial situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, idéal pour 1 couple avec 3 enfants ou 4 adultes et un enfant. Composé de 2 chambres (1 chambre parentale avec un lit double et 1 chambre avec canapé clic-clac et un lit enfant en mezzanine), d’un salon, d’une cuisine, de toilettes séparées et d’une salle de bain avec baignoire. A proximité des 2 lignes de métro 12 et 8 ainsi que des 2 lignes de tram 2 et 3, vous pourrez accéder rapidement aux différents points d’intérêts de Paris. Situé dans un quartier résidentiel calme, vous disposez de tous les commerces de proximité. Vous serez à quelques pas du Palais des sports ainsi que du parc des expositions (porte de Versailles). Points forts : appartement spacieux (70m²), lumineux, agréable à vivre et très bien équipé. La chambre parentale dispose d’un grand lit (180x200). Wifi, ascenseur et possibilité de stationnement dans la cour. Large, spacious, sunny 2-bedroom apartment for rent. 2 large bedrooms that can fit a family of 5 comfor	Appartement spacieux, lumineux, agréable à vivre et très bien équipé. La chambre parentale dispose d’un grand lit (180x200). Spacious (70m²), bright, cosy, fully equipped. Big bed (180x200) in the parental room. Appartement familial situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, idéal pour 1 couple avec 3 enfants ou 4 adultes et un enfant. Composé de 2 chambres (1 chambre parentale avec un lit double et 1 chambre avec canapé clic-clac et un lit enfant en mezzanine), d’un salon, d’une cuisine, de toilettes séparées et d’une salle de bain avec baignoire. A proximité des 2 lignes de métro 12 et 8 ainsi que des 2 lignes de tram 2 et 3, vous pourrez accéder rapidement aux différents points d’intérêts de Paris. Situé dans un quartier résidentiel calme, vous disposez de tous les commerces de proximité. Vous serez à quelques pas du Palais des sports ainsi que du parc des expositions (porte de Versailles). Points forts : appartement spacieux (70m²), lumineux, agréable à vivre et très bien équipé. La chamb
10757	There are 3 Bedrooms, very good matresses one parent bedroom + queensize bed 2 childbedroom  with each one single bed and an extra bed. So 6 people can sleep in the flat.  The 3 bedrooms  can also be arranged  - one queen size bed -  one kingsize bed -  two single beds. 3 chambres  une chambre : -un lit en 1,60X2m 2 chambres avec chacune  - un lit 2X1m + un lit 1,90X0,90 OU bien  Un chambre avec un lit 1,60 Une chambre avec un lit 2X2m Une chambre avec deux lits de 1,90X0,90 	The apartment with an impressive view is situated on a big boulevard at Porte de Versailles in the very safe 15th district. There are numerous very nice local restaurants. The apartment is well served by public transport. What else ?  There are 3 Bedrooms, very good matresses one parent bedroom + queensize bed 2 childbedroom  with each one single bed and an extra bed. So 6 people can sleep in the flat.  The 3 bedrooms  can also be arranged  - one queen size bed -  one kingsize bed -  two single beds. 3 chambres  une chambre : -un lit en 1,60X2m 2 chambres avec chacune  - un lit 2X1m + un lit 1,90X0,90 OU bien  Un chambre avec un lit 1,60 Une chambre avec un lit 2X2m Une chambre avec deux lits de 1,90X0,90 The flat is on the 6th floor, full of light, ideal to watch the sun set.  L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage, sans vis à vis sud-ouest. Il y a un code le soir et week-end et un interphone. I will manage to meet you or to have my neighbour meeting you to give you the key when you ar
10758	Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you!   This original and very amazing 65m² apartment is situated in the 15th district of Paris. On the third floor with lift, you will have access to a parking box in the basement of the building. It will cost you 10 euros per day.  The living room is traditionally designed with old chairs, and a large comfortable sofa! There is also a little table on which you will be able to take a breakfast in the morning. This room is delightful, and bright, with big glass windows.  There are 2 bedrooms which contains 2 large beds so that 4 persons can easily be accomodated. also you will find a little crib adapted for a baby so 5 people can be accomodated if you have a baby. :) In one room there is also a desk, so that you will be able to work if you ever need it.  The living room and the two b	Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you! Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you!   This original and very amazing 65m² apartment is situated in the 15th district of Paris. On the third floor with lift, you will have access to a parking box in the basement of the building. It will cost you 10 euros per day.  The living room is traditionally designed with old chairs, and a large comfortable sofa! There is also a little table on which you will be able to take a breakfast in the morning. This room is delightful, and bright, with big glass windows.  There are 2 bedrooms which contains 2 large beds so that 4 persons can easily be accomodated. also you wil
10759	Marché, marché du livre ancien Métro ligne 12, à 5 minutes On peut fumer	Marché, marché du livre ancien Métro ligne 12, à 5 minutes On peut fumer
10760		Studio de charme fonctionnel, récemment rénové, 1/2 personnes, 15 m2 environ, TV écran plat, WIFI, lave-linge, sèche-linge, draps, placards, micro-onde.  Métro Convention/Boucicaut, au pied du bus 62, à côté des salons de Porte de Versailles, à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel.
10761		This apartment has a living room with couch (2p), TV and dining table. Wifi is included. The room has a queen size bed for 2 people (Sheets&towels are also included).  The kitchen is all furnished with microwave, oven, fridge, freezer, laundry ... There's a lot of groceries/stores around.
10762	Appartement parisien lumineux avec belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet, cheminée, Wifi, accès à la cuisine pour vos repas. Deux belles chambres sont proposées avec deux lits doubles.  Un matelas d'appoint est proposé sur demande. Le quartier est calme, proche des supermarchés, boulangeries, commerces, marchés avec ses fromages, bons restaurants français, cinéma… avec un parc pour courir (50m), une piscine pour nager (50m), le marché aux vieux livres le week end (50m), marché aux puces de Vanves le dimanche (500m).   Situation :  Quartier typique parisien Vaugirard - Convention près du quartier d'artiste Montparnasse. Au sud de Paris intra-muros proche métro, bus, tramway, vélo, Autolib.  - Bus (89, 62, 95) direct pour Le Louvre (20 mn), le Panthéon (20 mn), St Germain des prés (15mn) … - Métro direct (line 12) pour le centre de Paris : Grands magasins pour le Shopping, Montparnasse pour le Jazz (5 mn), St Germain des Prés (8mn), Notre dame de Paris (20 mn)…  - Station de vélo à 50 m : 	A typic parisian flat in a typic french area near a parc (for jogging why not ?) , bars, french restaurants, Movie, marché .... Easy for the major Subway, Autolib, Vélib, taxi all the night. Nice for a family ou 2 couples Appartement parisien lumineux avec belle hauteur sous plafond, parquet, cheminée, Wifi, accès à la cuisine pour vos repas. Deux belles chambres sont proposées avec deux lits doubles.  Un matelas d'appoint est proposé sur demande. Le quartier est calme, proche des supermarchés, boulangeries, commerces, marchés avec ses fromages, bons restaurants français, cinéma… avec un parc pour courir (50m), une piscine pour nager (50m), le marché aux vieux livres le week end (50m), marché aux puces de Vanves le dimanche (500m).   Situation :  Quartier typique parisien Vaugirard - Convention près du quartier d'artiste Montparnasse. Au sud de Paris intra-muros proche métro, bus, tramway, vélo, Autolib.  - Bus (89, 62, 95) direct pour Le Louvre (20 mn), le Panthéon (20 mn), St Germain
10763	Beautiful family apartment Paris XV Placed in a quiet street of an alive and livened up district (close to Montparnasse, to the Porte of Versailles), our apartment is comfortable, pleasant and functional. Ideal for a family, our 90 m2 can welcome 2 adults and 2/3 children. 	 Placed in a quiet street of an alive and livened up district (close to Montparnasse, to the Porte of Versailles), our apartment is comfortable, pleasant and functional. Ideal for a family, our 90 m2 can welcome 2 adults and 2/3 children.       Beautiful family apartment Paris XV Placed in a quiet street of an alive and livened up district (close to Montparnasse, to the Porte of Versailles), our apartment is comfortable, pleasant and functional. Ideal for a family, our 90 m2 can welcome 2 adults and 2/3 children. Very well placed family housing, near the Porte of Versailles, Montparnasse, Les Invalides. The apartment  is close to public transportation (subway, streetcar, bus), close to district tourist as Montparnasse and the Invalides. It is equipped with the WiFi, DVD player... Exchanges by e-mail and/or telephone. We (or friends) can be there upon your arrival. Lively area with a lot of restaurants, coffees(cafés) and shops opened every day and till late in the night. Typical market
10764	Logement calme, ensoleillé, 63 m2, très bien situé. 	Logement calme, ensoleillé, 63 m2, très bien situé.  Accès à la cuisine, salle de bain, toilette et séjour. Par mail, téléphone. Quartier très agréable, marché le vendredi matin, nombreux commerces rue St Charles.  A 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Métro : Boucicaut ou Lourmel. Bus : (phone number hidden) L'immeuble est calme aussi l'appartement est adapté à des personnes qui respectent la tranquilité des voisins.
10765	"Location  Design of the apartment  Fully equipped  hue Phillips light : control and choose your mood light via iOS  TV Samsung 3D 42"" 500 movies free "	"Apartment of 32 Decoration Design  Living room with sofa, light system controlled via iPhone, iPad or Mac or manually.  42 `` 3D TV with all channels SFR  A bedroom with a double bed, wardrobe  Bathroom with shower, heated towel rail  Air conditioner  Location  Design of the apartment  Fully equipped  hue Phillips light : control and choose your mood light via iOS  TV Samsung 3D 42"" 500 movies free Everything is included Phone : (phone number hidden) Or (phone number hidden) Email : (email hidden) Very calm  Metro ligne 6/8/10 la motte picquet grenelle  Macdonalds / Starbucks/coffee/restaurant/French boulangerie ( croissants/French bread ) Supermarkets Bus ligne 80  Eiffel Tower ( 5 minutes ) Champs de Mars ( 5 minutes )  Champs élysées ( 7-10 minutes )  Opera/Madeleine ( 5-8minutes )"
10766	Building from the 19th century, really charming flat with one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room, ideal for a couple or a family (a park is one minute walk)	Ideally located in the Paris 15 district close to the Seine, new shopping mall Beaugrenelle,Eiffel Tower. Apartment can accommodate  4 people,  Living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, a bedroom with 2 person, a bathroom, a kitchen, toilet. Building from the 19th century, really charming flat with one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room, ideal for a couple or a family (a park is one minute walk) Easy access with two line of subways (10 and 8) - Metro Station: Boucicaut and Charles Michels. Bus line 42 that goes directly to the Eiffel tower and Champs Elysées Can communicate in French or English by e-mail.
10767	The flat, 40 m² (420 ft²), is located on the fourth and top floor (healthy as there is no lift ...) of a very quiet building at the back of a courtyard. It's clear, simple and cozy. Separate bedroom with a double bed + double sofa bed in lounge. Kitchen, bathroom and separate wc. Completely refurnished in 2008 and perfectly maintained. Enjoy it as I do during my stays in Paris  	Enjoy a clear and well furnished apartment, overlooking a quiet courtyard in an old parisian building.  Close to Metro Convention and Porte de Versailles.  Family neighborhood. Cinema, shops and restaurants. Friendly market The flat, 40 m² (420 ft²), is located on the fourth and top floor (healthy as there is no lift ...) of a very quiet building at the back of a courtyard. It's clear, simple and cozy. Separate bedroom with a double bed + double sofa bed in lounge. Kitchen, bathroom and separate wc. Completely refurnished in 2008 and perfectly maintained. Enjoy it as I do during my stays in Paris   Well furnished kitchen, free Wifi, TV, ... Familial and safe neighborhood. Typical French products market 3 times a week. Different shops in the street (late opened), cinema and various nice restaurants (I've made a selection). 
10768	I'm renting out a great brand new renovated furnished 2 bedroom 1 bath in the lively yet residential 15th arrondissement.  It's on the 4th floor of an elevator building with digicode.  Airy and modern feeling, the apartment is about 73 square meters (or about 800 sq feet) and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is comprised of 2 bedrooms (one with large bed + one with 2 twin beds) a living room with french doors and balcony, a dining area with expanding dining table for 6, separate kitchen (dishes are included), bathroom (with tub), separate toilet. The apartment also has brand new flat screen TV, washer, dryer and dishwasher. Towels and linens are included wifi and TV are also included (i don't charge extra), however i can't ensure 100% reliability of wifi and cable (sometimes the box does break down and a service call in paris can take up to 15 days). ALL conveniences are located nearby (and by all i mean ALL): The apartment is located up the street from shopping, grocery stores, gree	I'm renting out a great brand new renovated furnished 2 bedroom 1 bath in the lively yet residential 15th arrondissement.  It's on the 4th floor of an elevator building with digicode.  Airy and modern feeling, the apartment is about 73 square meters (or about 800 sq feet) and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is comprised of 2 bedrooms (one with large bed + one with 2 twin beds) a living room with french doors and balcony, a dining area with expanding dining table for 6, separate kitchen (dishes are included), bathroom (with tub), separate toilet. The apartment also has brand new flat screen TV, washer, dryer and dishwasher. Towels and linens are included wifi and TV are also included (i don't charge extra), however i can't ensure 100% reliability of wifi and cable (sometimes the box does break down and a service call in paris can take up to 15 days). ALL conveniences are located nearby (and by all i mean ALL): The apartment is located up the street from shopping, grocery stores, gree
10769		Comfortable studio (36 msq) in front of the Military School, direct vicinity of the Eiffel Tower and 200 m from Champs de Mars and metro. Easy access to metro station, restaurants, supermarkets,and more.
10770	This 76m² flat is on the 7th floor with elevator and an amazing view on Eiffel Tower, next to Champ de Mars, Invalides, Trocadéro, Ecole Militaire... and the Seine. The kitchen is fully furnished, the living room is 33m2 with a balconies and the view on Paris. The bedroom has a bed (160x200cm), and the livingroom has a convertible bed. Many tv channels and good Wifi. Standard check out time is before 12:00 Standard check in time is after 14:00 Anyway, it's flexible and depends on previous/following guests. Just let me know about your plans.	This is a beautiful and lightly flat, in a very good district, the place is ideal for discover Paris. Incredibly romantic, beautifully maintained, fully equipped and spotlessly clean, you will feel comfortable and at home. This 76m² flat is on the 7th floor with elevator and an amazing view on Eiffel Tower, next to Champ de Mars, Invalides, Trocadéro, Ecole Militaire... and the Seine. The kitchen is fully furnished, the living room is 33m2 with a balconies and the view on Paris. The bedroom has a bed (160x200cm), and the livingroom has a convertible bed. Many tv channels and good Wifi. Standard check out time is before 12:00 Standard check in time is after 14:00 Anyway, it's flexible and depends on previous/following guests. Just let me know about your plans. Commucation easy by phone, by email or with air bnb. 5 minutes walking distance for the Eiffel Tower, next to Champ de Mars, Invalides, Trocadéro, Ecole Militaire... and the Seine. The Trocadero, the Palais de Tokyo, the musée d'o
10771	Paris 15th. Near Metro-Lourmel Boucicaut (line 8). The third floor of a secure and quiet building, a studio of 35 m2 furnished. light, airy and in very good condition. included:  bed 2 places  Beautiful kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, ceramic hob)  Large private bathroom with tub and toilet.  folding table, coffee table, sofa  Many storage (wardrobe, cupboard)  Large office  WIFI and TV (flat screen wall)  Access control, entrance hall, secure elevator If you need informations, please send me an message. Best	Paris 15th. Near Metro-Lourmel Boucicaut (line 8). The third floor of a secure and quiet building, a studio of 35 m2 furnished. light, airy and in very good condition. included:  bed 2 places  Beautiful kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, ceramic hob)  Large private bathroom with tub and toilet.  folding table, coffee table, sofa  Many storage (wardrobe, cupboard)  Large office  WIFI and TV (flat screen wall)  Access control, entrance hall, secure elevator If you need informations, please send me an message. Best You can acces to all the flat. I will not be here, but my mum yes. She lives in the same area. Very quit neighborhood. Closes to center. You have the tube at the end of the street (2 mn by walk), many bus. The effel tower is to 10 mn by tube. The is a lot of bus and tube near
10772	Placé idéalement à côté du Parc des Expositions, du Palais des sports et de l'Aquaboulevard, il permet de profiter de Paris avec les nombreuses liaisons métro/bus/tram. On peut se garer aisément dans le quartier et tout faire à pied ensuite .... Notamment le footing matinal sur la voie verte dont l'entrée est à quelques mètres. !  L'appartement est très fonctionnel et peut recevoir des enfants. Un ou deux matelas pour enfants peut aussi rendre service si vous arrivez nombreux !   A très bientôt !  	"This 2-rooms apartment  is the perfect one for nice holidays in Paris. Just near ""le Parc des Expositions"" and close to the metro/bus/tramway station. It's located in a calm street near a green belt. It's a very cosy one, with a nice view on Paris. I will be helpful if you have any question. When you'll arrive, i'll give you some good address of restaurants and other places in Paris. I hope you'll enjoy your stay ! The neighborhood is very nice around the apartment. The very good thing is the ""green belt"" 2 min by walk. You can join the river from this belt and it's really nice. Moreover, you have some good restaurants and nice places to go all around. I really love my neighborhood ! From the apartment, it's really easy to move anywhere in Paris. You have the tram/bus/metro station of Porte de Versailles 5 minutes by walk. You have also a bike station 1 min by walk. It's really easy to move from this place."
10773		2 pièces entièrement rénovées, à proximité des commerces et métros, à 15mns de la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux, vous pourrez profiter d'une agréable cuisine toute équipée ouverte sur le salon.
10774	This is our first flat and we renovated it two month ago. We made it very comfortable and hope you'll like the decoration.	44 sq. meter one bedroom flat Just Renovated Conveniently located within 5 min walk of subway stations and shops. Very calm, sunny. This is our first flat and we renovated it two month ago. We made it very comfortable and hope you'll like the decoration. The whole flat We can give you all our good addresses in the neighborhood and in Paris Our neighborhood is conveniently located, 15 min away from The Eiffel Tower, the nearest subway lines go to the center of Paris (Concorde, Opéra). Many lovely restaurants within 5 min walk of the apartment. Subway Line 8 - Boucicaut station Subway Line 12 - Convention station Very quiet & sunny apartment, 
10775	TOUR EIFFEL 5 mns walk, INVALIDES, ECOLE MILITAIRE, UNESCO, MOTTE PICQUET, the appartment is ideally located in the most sought after area of Paris which makes the apartment a very strategic location for a Paris visit. The flat can take up to 12 people ; it is a little away from the main road which makes it very calm and pleasant. Away from the main Avenue, the apartment is very calm. The ancient red bricks building dates from the years 1930. The apartment has got high ceilings with mouldings, beautiful old wooden floors which gives the charm to these old typically Parisian apartments where you feel immediately relaxed and at home. When you leave the private passage, you immediately find yourself at the heart of the Parisian life in a large Avenue with majestic trees, with space for people to stroll in a chic atmosphere, with restaurants nearby, brasseries, cafés, bakeries, with food stores, shopping streets and also its famous open food markets from Av. de Saxe and La Motte Picquet, i	Luxury, cosy, calm flat for up to 12 people,4 bedrooms,double living room. Central Paris, most chic area Eiffel Tower, Unesco, Invalides Monument, Ecole Militaire. Three metro stations. Direct bus to Porte de Versailles. Shops, brasseries etc...     TOUR EIFFEL 5 mns walk, INVALIDES, ECOLE MILITAIRE, UNESCO, MOTTE PICQUET, the appartment is ideally located in the most sought after area of Paris which makes the apartment a very strategic location for a Paris visit. The flat can take up to 12 people ; it is a little away from the main road which makes it very calm and pleasant. Away from the main Avenue, the apartment is very calm. The ancient red bricks building dates from the years 1930. The apartment has got high ceilings with mouldings, beautiful old wooden floors which gives the charm to these old typically Parisian apartments where you feel immediately relaxed and at home. When you leave the private passage, you immediately find yourself at the heart of the Parisian life in a large
10776		Studio meublé de 25 m2 au 4e étage à proximité du métro Convention. Lit double, sdb, TV wc séparé, wifi Peinture refaite à neuve dans l'entrée, salle de bain, WC
10777	logement agréable, dans un quartier calme et sympa.  Proximité de toutes commodités (restaurant, cinéma, piscine aquaboulevard, centre commercial)  nice accommodation in a quiet and friendly neighborhood. Close to all amenities (restaurant, cinema, swimming pool aquaboulevard, shopping center)	beau studio dans immeuble haussmannien. tout équipé proche de la tour eiffel (10 min à pied) parc des expositions (à 1min à pied) idéal pour un couple logement agréable, dans un quartier calme et sympa.  Proximité de toutes commodités (restaurant, cinéma, piscine aquaboulevard, centre commercial)  nice accommodation in a quiet and friendly neighborhood. Close to all amenities (restaurant, cinema, swimming pool aquaboulevard, shopping center) totalité de l'appartement. all of the apartment les accueillir et leurs donner des conseils pour visiter. welcome them and give advice to visit le voisinage est très sympa, ainsi que les différents restaurant. très beau quartier bien desservi. the neighborhood is very nice, and different restaurant. very nice area, well connected the neighborhood is very nice, and different restaurant. very nice area, well connected
10778	There are bakery and supermarket near to the flat. A 20mn by metro to the center of Paris (Le Marais, Saint-germain..), and some museum (Orsay, Quai Branly..). A 5mn walk to Le parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles. A 30mn walk to the Eiffel Tower. 	Large studio 31m².  One big bed. Kitchen and bathroom separate. There is also an area with a couch, tv and some books for chill in the evening.        There are bakery and supermarket near to the flat. A 20mn by metro to the center of Paris (Le Marais, Saint-germain..), and some museum (Orsay, Quai Branly..). A 5mn walk to Le parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles. A 30mn walk to the Eiffel Tower.  I can give you some advices to visit Paris because i was born in that city : restaurants, museum, great neighborhood.. Very lovely and quiet neighbordhood.  Metro 8 Boucicaut / Metro 11 Convention or Porte de Versailles
10779		Au pied de la station Boucicaut, appartement de 42 mètres carrés comprenant un salon avec un canapé lit et une chauffeuse, une chambre avec deux lits doubles (une mezzanine) et cuisine séparée.  Location minimum d'une semaine. Accès internet avec la fibre, machine à laver Près de la rue du commerce et du village Suisse La station Boucicaut sur la ligne 8 se trouve au pied du logement
10780	C'est un charmant appartement typiquement parisien avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, de superbes moulures et une cheminée ancienne fonctionnelle, idéal pour un séjour de tourisme ou pour les exposants du parc des expositions.	C'est un charmant appartement typiquement parisien avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, de superbes moulures et une cheminée ancienne fonctionnelle, idéal pour un séjour de tourisme ou pour les exposants du parc des expositions. L'internet est a disposition Porte de Versailles, le fief des Amateurs de Salons ou de Foires  Séjourner en location courte durée ou appartement saisonnier à la Porte de Versailles, c’est être au cœur du Parc d’exposition qui organise différentes manifestations. Le Parc des Expositions, le lieu emblématique de la Porte de Versailles Comme beaucoup de portes donnant accès à Paris, la Porte de Versailles est l’une de celles qui ont été percées dans l’enceinte de Thiers qui était à l’origine destinée à protéger Paris des invasions et, comme son nom l’indique, elle permet d’atteindre la ville de Versailles. Ce quartier est fort connu pour son Parc d’Expositions, construit en 1923 pour accueillir la Foire de Paris qui se tenait auparavant sur le Champs de Mars. Depu
10781	Surface 38 m2, composé d'1 chambre avec un lit double + un canapé-lit confortable dans le séjour. Cuisine américaine. Salle de douche, WC séparés. Balcon filant d'où l'on voit la tour Eiffel ! Commerces de bouche au pied de l'immeuble. Wi-fi internet, téléviseur, ... Le logement a été entièrement rénové début 2015.	Appartement charmant et confortable refait à neuf en plein centre de Paris (nord du 15ème arr.) à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel, de l'Ecole Militaire et 2 mn du métro Cambronne. Immeuble ancien 5ème étage (vue dégagée, luminosité) avec ascenseur. Surface 38 m2, composé d'1 chambre avec un lit double + un canapé-lit confortable dans le séjour. Cuisine américaine. Salle de douche, WC séparés. Balcon filant d'où l'on voit la tour Eiffel ! Commerces de bouche au pied de l'immeuble. Wi-fi internet, téléviseur, ... Le logement a été entièrement rénové début 2015. Nord du 15ème (limite du 7ème arrondissement). A 10 min à pied de la tour Eiffel, 5 min de l'Ecole Militaire. Nombreux commerces de bouche et petits bistrots et restaurants (mais appartement calme !) à proximité immédiate. La station de métro la plus proche est à 2 minutes (station Cambronne - ligne 6, qui dessert notamment la gare Montparnasse). À 6-7 minutes, station La Motte Picquet Grenelle (lignes 6,8 et 10) et bien entendu pl
10782		Idéal pour un couple, appartement très bien situé, proche des transports et commerces. Vous pourrez vous rendre en 10min à pieds à la Tour Eiffel ! Location minimum à la semaine
10783	Appartement clair au sein d'une copropriété calme et familiale. Couchage d'appoint possible pour une 5ème personne.	Appartement lumineux au 3ème étage, composé d'un grand salon de 25m2 avec canapé lit double confortable, et d'une chambre avec un grand lit double. Situation idéale au coeur de Paris, desservie par 3 lignes de métro (6,8,10). Appartement clair au sein d'une copropriété calme et familiale. Couchage d'appoint possible pour une 5ème personne. Quartier central et vivant, à proximité du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, et du centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Marché traditionnel 2 fois par semaine. A proximité immédiate des stations de métro La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lignes 6.8 et 10) et Dupleix (ligne 6).
10784	Bel appartement au pied de la Tour Eiffel. A 2 pas du champs de Mars et des Invalides. Quartier calme et chaleureux. Appartement tout équipé avec un grand lit double dans la chambre et un bon canapé-lit dans le salon.	Bel appartement calme et lumineux de 57 m2. Chambre avec grand lit double. Grand salon / salle à manger ( avec canapé lit). Cuisine équipée et salle de bain avec baignoire. WC séparés. À 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. À 3 min à pied du champ de Mars. Bel appartement au pied de la Tour Eiffel. A 2 pas du champs de Mars et des Invalides. Quartier calme et chaleureux. Appartement tout équipé avec un grand lit double dans la chambre et un bon canapé-lit dans le salon. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l appartement. Le métro le plus proche est Dupleix (ligne 6)
10785	Welcome to our family apartment in the very heart of Paris 7th area. It is only 10 minutes from the Eiffel tower and 5 minutes from the UNESCO. Easily accessible from the 10's metro line!	Welcome to our family apartment in the very heart of Paris 7th area. It is only 10 minutes from the Eiffel tower and 5 minutes from the UNESCO. Easily accessible from the 10's metro line! L'appartement est entièrement équipé, WIFI, cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire jacuzzi, machines à laver etc En anglais, russe et français :) Très facile d'accès, central, calme et familial, le 7eme est un endroit rêvé pour découvrir Paris! en metro (Ségur ligne 10)
10786	ENG: Charming 2 rooms flat, located in the heart of Paris in the chic 15th arrondissement, only 20 minutes’ walk from the Eiffel Tower (view from the streets) and 5mn from the Seine. This apartment has:  • 1 large bedroom with a comfortable double bed ;  • 1 large living room with a sofa bed (2 people) and a large 3D HD TV ;  • 1 fully equipped kitchen (with a washing machine and tableware);  • 1 bathroom with shower and toilets.  Regarding the neighborhood, it is very pleasant and nice, and you will have everything you may need at less than 10 minutes walking:  • Streetside shops (butchers, bakers, corner shops, cheese dairy shops…)  • Numerous restaurants (French food, Italian food, Lebanese food, Asian food…);  • Grocery shops : Franprix (2mn) ; Picard (5 mn), Monoprix (10 mn), Casino(5 mn) ;  • Nice garden park to catch the sun and relax (“André Citroën Parc”);  • Design shopping mall with multiple stores and brands (“Centre Beaugrenelle”). You will enjoy a wi-fi connection and man	Appartement très calme (2 pièces) et lumineux situé au 4e et dernier étage, avec vue sur cour intérieure  Situé dans Paris à proximité du métro (lignes 8: Boucicaut, 10: Javel et RER C) il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires à votre séjour ENG: Charming 2 rooms flat, located in the heart of Paris in the chic 15th arrondissement, only 20 minutes’ walk from the Eiffel Tower (view from the streets) and 5mn from the Seine. This apartment has:  • 1 large bedroom with a comfortable double bed ;  • 1 large living room with a sofa bed (2 people) and a large 3D HD TV ;  • 1 fully equipped kitchen (with a washing machine and tableware);  • 1 bathroom with shower and toilets.  Regarding the neighborhood, it is very pleasant and nice, and you will have everything you may need at less than 10 minutes walking:  • Streetside shops (butchers, bakers, corner shops, cheese dairy shops…)  • Numerous restaurants (French food, Italian food, Lebanese food, Asian food…);  • Grocery shops : Franprix (
10787	Dear Prestigious guest,  We are proud to introduce our Federation flat in 69 rue de la federation.  The flat is just 3 minutes from Eiffel tower and Champs de mars. Nearby avenue Suffren and la motte picquet grenelle. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. The flat is very calm with double glasses windows with small balcony that you can enjoy. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain, louvre, cityhall and bastille. bus 92 to go to champs élysée bus 42 to go to opéra and sacré coeur RER C to go to the	Get a free rid from the airport from 14 nights stay ! Dear Prestigious guest,  We are proud to introduce our Federation flat in 69 rue de la federation.  The flat is just 3 minutes from Eiffel tower and Champs de mars. Nearby avenue Suffren and la motte picquet grenelle. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. The flat is very calm with double glasses windows with small balcony that you can enjoy. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain, louvre, cityhall and bastille. bus 92 to go to champs élysée bu
10788	A lovely, very sunny and spacious 1-bedroom flat in a great district of Paris. The Eiffel Tower is a 15 min walk away, direct access, via metro, to every Parisian landmark. Situated in the Convention district, very near Montparnasse, direct metro to Musée d'Orsay, Montmartre (line 12), Champs Elysées (line 13) There is a market on the doorstep 3 days a week, the biggest Parisian park is 150 mts away (pony rides for the children!). 5th floor with elevator, sun flowing in on every side (east on one side, west on the other). The flat is located on a very quiet street, and the bedroom opens on a park with tall trees. Amazingly fast Wifi connection, cable television, dishwasher, washing machine/tumbledryer, fully equipped kitchen, DVD player, all basic products at your disposal, fully equipped for a baby. There is a king-size bed in the bedroom which can fold back as a single bed, a king-size, very comfortable sofa-bed in the living-room, and a baby-bed in the bedroom. So you could come as 	A lovely, very sunny and spacious 1-bedroom flat in a great district of Paris. The Eiffel Tower is a 15 min walk away, direct access, via metro, to every Parisian landmark. Situated in the Convention district, very near Montparnasse, direct metro to Musée d'Orsay, Montmartre (line 12), Champs Elysées (line 13) There is a market on the doorstep 3 days a week, the biggest Parisian park is 150 mts away (pony rides for the children!). 5th floor with elevator, sun flowing in on every side (east on one side, west on the other). The flat is located on a very quiet street, and the bedroom opens on a park with tall trees. Amazingly fast Wifi connection, cable television, dishwasher, washing machine/tumbledryer, fully equipped kitchen, DVD player, all basic products at your disposal, fully equipped for a baby. There is a king-size bed in the bedroom which can fold back as a single bed, a king-size, very comfortable sofa-bed in the living-room, and a baby-bed in the bedroom. So you could come as 
10789		Spacious, (98sqm2), bright, comfortable, and beautifully decorated apartment. One double bed and one single bed.  Big bathroom. Quiet and centrally located. Easy access to metro, farmers markets and great restaurants, just minutes away.  A find!
10790	Welcom in our beautiful Parisien loft! The apartment has been concieved in a lofty atmosphere with open spaces. The living room is a wide room, with windows on both side, the kitchen is open, with a small bar where you love to take our breakfast! For more important meals, there is an extansible table. There is a sofa bed which enables you to stay on 4 people in the apartment, From one window, you will appreciate the quitness of the courtyard and its trees and on the other site, you can enjoy the tulmut of parisen life, with its open-air metro, restaurants, and the top of the Eiffel Tour The sleeping room gives on the courtyard side, it is calm and quiet, the bathroom is completely open on the room, except for the toilet of course!  The area is what you will expect of your parisien experience! The Eiifel Tour is at less than 5mns walk, with its nice Champs de Mars where you can picnic at night, restaurants are just down the building, and you'll have plenty of choice for typical french f	Welcom in our beautiful Parisien loft! The apartment has been concieved in a lofty atmosphere with open spaces. The living room is a wide room, with windows on both side, the kitchen is open, with a small bar where you love to take our breakfast! For more important meals, there is an extansible table. There is a sofa bed which enables you to stay on 4 people in the apartment, From one window, you will appreciate the quitness of the courtyard and its trees and on the other site, you can enjoy the tulmut of parisen life, with its open-air metro, restaurants, and the top of the Eiffel Tour The sleeping room gives on the courtyard side, it is calm and quiet, the bathroom is completely open on the room, except for the toilet of course!  The area is what you will expect of your parisien experience! The Eiifel Tour is at less than 5mns walk, with its nice Champs de Mars where you can picnic at night, restaurants are just down the building, and you'll have plenty of choice for typical french f
10791	C'est un studio petit (18m2)... mais bien agencé! Lumineux et agréable, je m'y sens bien depuis 3 ans. Il a été refait à neuf avant que j'y emménage.  1 pièce principale avec canapé clic-clac, des armoires (je libèrerai un peu d'espace pour que vous puissiez poser des vêtements), une table et 4 chaises/tabourets. Le clic-clac n'est pas le top du confort mais on y dort quand même très bien! Une grande fenêtre laisse entrer la lumière.  1 mini cuisine et 1 mini salle de bain mais tout le nécessaire y est! La cuisine est équipée de plaques de cuisson électriques modernes, d'un petit frigo et d'un mini-four (il est ancien et ne chauffe plus que par le bas donc je vous conseille de couvrir vos plats d'une feuille d'alu si vous voulez vous en servir!). Mon matériel de cuisine est à disposition (Wok, poêle, casserole, assiettes, couverts...).  La salle de bain comprend 1 cabine de douche basique, un lavabo et un wc. ...vous aurez compris, c'est un studio typique à la parisienne avec l'avantag	Petit studio bien agencé pour 1 personne ou 1 couple. 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Idéal pour découvrir Paris: 15 min à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et des Invalides! À 2 pas de la station de métro Cambronne. Dans un quartier paisible. C'est un studio petit (18m2)... mais bien agencé! Lumineux et agréable, je m'y sens bien depuis 3 ans. Il a été refait à neuf avant que j'y emménage.  1 pièce principale avec canapé clic-clac, des armoires (je libèrerai un peu d'espace pour que vous puissiez poser des vêtements), une table et 4 chaises/tabourets. Le clic-clac n'est pas le top du confort mais on y dort quand même très bien! Une grande fenêtre laisse entrer la lumière.  1 mini cuisine et 1 mini salle de bain mais tout le nécessaire y est! La cuisine est équipée de plaques de cuisson électriques modernes, d'un petit frigo et d'un mini-four (il est ancien et ne chauffe plus que par le bas donc je vous conseille de couvrir vos plats d'une feuille d'alu si vous voulez vous en servir!). Mon matériel d
10792	Cozy, clean and refurbished studio. Located in district 15th, one of the safest and most interesting area in Paris.  The studio is Fully equipped: all necessary dishes and very modern bathroom with italian style shower. At your arrival you will find a set of clean towels, shampoo and shower gel...	3 mn walk to Subway 12, which gives you access to: Montparnasse (6 mn) Luxembourg – Saint-Michel (9mn) Bd Saint-Germain (11 mn) Concorde – Tuileries - Champs-Élysées (14 mn) Montmartre -  Abbesses (22 mn) Eiffel Tower (11mn w/ Bus 80) Cozy & clean! Cozy, clean and refurbished studio. Located in district 15th, one of the safest and most interesting area in Paris.  The studio is Fully equipped: all necessary dishes and very modern bathroom with italian style shower. At your arrival you will find a set of clean towels, shampoo and shower gel... I will send you indications to access easily my place and some practical information: wifi, subway, buses, airport access... I will send you just after booking confirmation several maps of the neighborhood with indications of useful places (supermarkets, laundromat, shops, best restaurants...) I will be pleased to help you organizing your trip by providing you with information concerning Paris in order to make you enjoy your stay: feel free to ask!
10793	Une grande pièce à vivre avec deux fenêtres donnant sur la rue vaguelas. Coin salon avec canapé, TV, accès internet WIFI, coin salle à manger, et coin chambre avec un lit 140. Petite cuisine tout équipée, lavabo, machine à laver et four. Petite salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, petit lavabo. WC séparé.	"Bel appartement lumineux de 36m2 parfait pour un couple. Au 6e et dernière étage, sans ascenseur mais avec une magnifique vue sur tout Paris. Grande pièce à vivre, coin chambre et coin séjour, cuisine équipée et salle de bain avec petit lavabo. Une grande pièce à vivre avec deux fenêtres donnant sur la rue vaguelas. Coin salon avec canapé, TV, accès internet WIFI, coin salle à manger, et coin chambre avec un lit 140. Petite cuisine tout équipée, lavabo, machine à laver et four. Petite salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, petit lavabo. WC séparé. Le 15eme arrondissement entre Porte de Versailles et Convention. Quartier très calme et résidentielle. Petit parc en face de l'immeuble. Parc Georges Brassens à 5 min et Parc des Expositions à 10min à pied. Food Market : Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Métro (#12 Porte de Versaille ou Convention) Bus ((phone number hidden)) Tramway (#T3 #T2) ""Autolib"" : car renting ""Vélib"" : bike renting"
10794		Fantastic  apartment 3 bedrooms close to Tour Eiffel and to the main Paris attractions !
10795		Studio convenient for a couple, 15 minutes from the Quartier Latin & the Eiffel Tower. Comfortable & quiet, with a large bay window providing plenty of light (south) & a large balcony overlooking a garden. Enjoy the bath and a fully equipped kitchen. Enjoy the bath and fully equipped for you to cook delicious dishes. Relax on the balcony and enjoy the tranquility, greenery and perhaps even the sun! (facing south!) You are welcome for any detail. If you need to book any events, a restaurant, a concert or information for a walk or other, let me know!
10796		Appartement 2 pièces de 45m² au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement se trouve dans un immeuble moderne et bien sécurisé (digicode + clé). Il comporte une chambre spacieuse (lit 2 places + grand bureau + rangement) d’une superficie de 12 m ², d’u
10797	In a stone building, typical of Parisian architecture, a great flat to stay in: over 63 square meters, top floor, beautifully redesigned and furnished.  Sleeping: double bed in the blue bedroom, double bed in living room sofa. So the flat could accommodate up to 4 people. Great for a couple, great for a family!	Spacious, elegant, great location! Très French!  65 sqm (650 sq ft), top floor, in residential & lively district. Completely redesigned, fully equipped. Metro hub, perfect location to explore Paris! In a stone building, typical of Parisian architecture, a great flat to stay in: over 63 square meters, top floor, beautifully redesigned and furnished.  Sleeping: double bed in the blue bedroom, double bed in living room sofa. So the flat could accommodate up to 4 people. Great for a couple, great for a family! The flat is fully equipped. You can cook a nice dinner, share a bottle of wine - or do the laundry and the ironing if you miss it ;-)  Please send a message to check the flat is available, I'll reply quickly.  Appliances: washing machine, dish washer, coffee machine, oven & micro-wave, other usual appliances… I'd be happy to tell you about Paris and give you useful tips, whether you've been to the city hundred times or you're coming for the first time. City maps and guides will be at
10798	You stay in a cocoon of Paris 30 m2, first floor of a beautiful Haussman building, well maintained 5 minutes by foot from métro Convention and 10 minutes by foot from Porte de Versailles. The apartment is ideally located to access to essential places of Paris. This two pieces is composed of a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and a bedroom (double bed) separate.	This two-piece, typical parisian, welcoming and comfortable, can accommodate one or two people. It is located between Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, in a quiet street near the Metro Convention and Parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. You stay in a cocoon of Paris 30 m2, first floor of a beautiful Haussman building, well maintained 5 minutes by foot from métro Convention and 10 minutes by foot from Porte de Versailles. The apartment is ideally located to access to essential places of Paris. This two pieces is composed of a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with toilet and a bedroom (double bed) separate. Among the facilities you will find: fridge / freezer, electric hob, combination microwave, crockery and cooking utensils, coffee maker nespresso, toaster, iron, vacuum cleaner, unlimited wifi internet access, ADSL TV, DVD player.  Linens (sheets and towels) is provided for the rental period and you will find a comfortable double bed. If you have any questions or if you w
10799		Studio de 22m² très bien situé et desservi par 3 lignes de métro (lignes 6,8,10). Près d'une place avec de nombreux bars et commerces, à quelques pas du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel! L'appartement est très bien agencé! idéal pour un couple!!
