23100	Bien situé, calme, à côté d'espaces verts et pas loin du périphérique.	Studio refait à neuf 6eme étage sans ascenseur comprenant un canapé lit, une cuisine équipée, une machine à laver et une salle de douche avec wc. Location à la semaine de préférence ou location au mois au prix de 850€ par mois. Bien situé, calme, à côté d'espaces verts et pas loin du périphérique. Quartier vivant avec toutes les commodités. Poissonnerie, boucherie, boulangerie, franprix à 5minutes. Ligne 9, metro ranelagh.
23101		Paris romantique, Paris culturel, Paris touristique, Paris culinaire : tout Paris est à vous depuis ce studio idéalement situé! Très beau studio, entièrement équipé, situé en plein centre de Paris, dans le 16ème, à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe
23102	très beau studio donnant sur Square et le Bois de Boulogne à 2 pas du métro Porte dauphine et RER C. Très belle Décoration	très beau studio donnant sur Square et le Bois de Boulogne à 2 pas du métro Porte dauphine et RER C. Très belle Décoration
23103		Paris 16 - appart de 120 m habité par sculpteure bilingue offrant la possibilité de combiner un cours ou stage d'arts plastiques payant à l'atelier RRose Sélavy (Paris 9ème) avec logement en chambre d'hôte chez l'artiste.
23104		Magnifique appartement (16 ème) .  Chambre haussmannienne typique Parisienne  de 35m2 avec salle de bain, lit double, TV, internet, câble, grande table, pour petit déjeuner.  
23105	Bel et grand appartement de 150m2 très accueillant et propre situé dans un quartier beau et calme.	Grand appartement accueillant situé dans le 16ème arrondissement de Paris. 3 chambres composés chacune d'un lit double. Peut loger 4 personnes au maximum. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, des 2 salles de bain et du balcon qui est ouvert sur un quartier chic et calme. À proximité d'une station métro. Bel et grand appartement de 150m2 très accueillant et propre situé dans un quartier beau et calme. Les voyageurs disposeront de tout les équipements trouvés sur place (à voir sur place avec le propriétaire). Je serai présent dans l'appartement pendant mes périodes d'études. Quartier luxueux et calme, très bien situé. Une station de métro est juste en bas de l'appartement. Le prix correspond à une nuit et pour 4 personnes, pour tout autre personne supplémentaire (maximum 6 personnes) 50€ de plus par personne supplémentaire. Fournir une photo ou une photocopie de tout les voyageurs.
23106	75m, 1br beautifully furnished, modern appartment right in the center of Paris - located in one of the poshest areas in Paris - Avenue Foch (16th arr). Short walk to Arc de Triumph, Champs Elyssee and walkable distance to Trocadero & Tour Eiffel - this appartment is truly a gem!  5 min walk to closest metro station - Victor Hugo (line 2) that is easily connected to most main lines.  Direct Air France buses connecting to Charle De Gaulle and Orly airports stop at nearby Charle De Gaulle Etoile station.  Area offers a lot of options for dining, shopping and pleasant walks.  Appartment features a large bedroom with a big, comfortabe queen size bed, seperate fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish-washer, all kinds of appliances), big living room with large flat screen TV (cable services included, including a large variety of foreign channels), 2 big sofas, dining table for 6 people; spacious seperate bathroom.  5th fl in a beautiful modern building, with elevator and high security. 	Centrally located (15 mins walk to Arc de Triumph, Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées) beautiful, modern, spacious 1-br apartment located on the prestigious Avenue Foch. Fully equipped for all needs, wifi, in easy proximity to all Parisian locations. 75m, 1br beautifully furnished, modern appartment right in the center of Paris - located in one of the poshest areas in Paris - Avenue Foch (16th arr). Short walk to Arc de Triumph, Champs Elyssee and walkable distance to Trocadero & Tour Eiffel - this appartment is truly a gem!  5 min walk to closest metro station - Victor Hugo (line 2) that is easily connected to most main lines.  Direct Air France buses connecting to Charle De Gaulle and Orly airports stop at nearby Charle De Gaulle Etoile station.  Area offers a lot of options for dining, shopping and pleasant walks.  Appartment features a large bedroom with a big, comfortabe queen size bed, seperate fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish-washer, all kinds of appliances), big living ro
23107		Un trois  pièces  90M2 dans le 16 arr a 2 min de l avenue victor hugo , refait à neuf, tout confort (TV/Internet/ Lave linge/lave Vaisselle/Dressing). Pouvant accueillir 6 personnes. Proximité commerces et transports. Entrée sécurisée
23108		Located in Paris, the Eiffel Tower Studio Deluxe is an elegant studio that offers free Wi -Fi. It is just 20 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower .Decorated in warm colors , the studio includes a lounge, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom .
23109	l'immeuble très sécurise est gardé 24/24 il est dans le 16 eme arrondissement a 10 minutes a pieds du trocadéro .pas besoin de voiture il y a deux lignes de métro ligne 9 et 6 et au pied de l'immeuble un bus allant au champ élysé et gare dans l'immeuble un grand centre commercial beaucoup de boutiques 	mon studio est un loft dans un grand jardin d (website hidden) comprend une grande pièce avec canapé lit très confortable une salle de bain et une grande cuisine  WC séparé une grande verriere donne sur le très beau jardin de l'immeuble beaucoup de shops l'immeuble très sécurise est gardé 24/24 il est dans le 16 eme arrondissement a 10 minutes a pieds du trocadéro .pas besoin de voiture il y a deux lignes de métro ligne 9 et 6 et au pied de l'immeuble un bus allant au champ élysé et gare dans l'immeuble un grand centre commercial beaucoup de boutiques le logement est une maison dans le jardin de l'immeuble genre atelier d'artiste personne au dessus ni en dessous il y a 10 peties maisons les unes a cote des autres vous traversez le jardin et vous avez le grand hall avec gardien les gardiens peuvent vous renseigner ou vous commandez un taxi le quartier de passy est un beau quartier pres de tout bois de boulogne ,trocadéro, tour eiffel beaucoup de restaurant au pied de l'immeuble du rapid
23110	Video shows you how to get to the apartment: (website hidden)	The best location in aristocratic area, few minutes walk from Eiffel Tower and one of the best view in Paris - Trocadéro. Very nice 2 rooms apartment in calm internal court with fast WiFi, free international calls, TV, bath, full equipped kitchen. Video shows you how to get to the apartment: (website hidden) Entrance door code is 83A34. The closet metro station 2 minutes walk is Trocadero (line 6 and 9), another station Victor Hugo (line 2) is about 5 minutes walk. Better buy 10 tickets (it's the same price as for 8 actually) and use it when you need it. Transport system is very good developed in Paris, maximum distance between two station is 500 meters. I'm sure you would love just walking, because it's so pleasant here :) WiFi access is written on the television inside apartment.
23111		Appartement Haussmannien-1 station de la tour Eiffel Quartier résidentiel huppé. A 20m de rue commerçante   5ème étage ascenseur. Refait à neuf Grande salle de séjour avec canapé lit. 1 chambre-Sdb et cuisine équipées-Balcon Calme et lumineux Ligne 6 : Passy Ligne 9 : La muette  RER C : Boulainvillier Nombreux bus
23112	The apartment is enterely renovated and decorated and offers a master bedroom with a queen size bed. Ideal for a couple or a family  with one kid.	Lovely apartment of 60m ² under Paris roofs. Ideally located at the heart of Paris in a quiet neighborhood only 10 minutes from to the Champs Elysées and 15 from the Eiffel Tower.  The must : our charming terrasse with fantastic view on the city The apartment is enterely renovated and decorated and offers a master bedroom with a queen size bed. Ideal for a couple or a family  with one kid. For the heater of the apartment, if you are cold, feel free to set it as you like for your comfort. 4 is the right average temperature.   There is not much to say for the leaving room, just be careful to close the windows and the door outside (little terrasse) locked with the keys when you leave. We don’t have any computer in the house, but we wrote you down the wifi codes on the table, so that you can connect your phones or tablets to Internet.   Kitchen: Help yourselves with tea and coffee or whatever else you need. Just be careful with the cooktop. The one on the top right doesn’t work. We have ne
23113		Large NON SMOKING studio of 322 ft2 (30 m2) in the beating heart of the chic 16 arrondissement , close to the River seine and 15mn walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and Parc du Bois de Boulogne.
23114	Enjoy luxury accommodation in exceptional conditions At the gates of “Paris Lung”, the Suite offers a exceptional viewpoint over the Eiffel Tower and Paris skyline night side, and Bois de Boulogne, Louis Vuitton Foundation and La Défense Business district from the reception side. With an area of 130 square meters, the suite  is composed of 3 bedrooms including a master, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen and a reception room with a bar, dining room and lounge. Up to 6 persons, the Edith Piaf Suite by ELIYA PARIS is a perfect place to enjoy the Parisian life while preserving his privacy in total comfort. For this purpose, a daily housekeeper service is available during your stay, daily breakfast in room as well as a concierge and Eliya Hotel Services (Laundry, Babysitting, Butler etc. ...)	Luxury accommodation with integrated hotel services. The suite offers a magnificent view on Eiffel Tower, roofs of Paris and Bois de Boulogne and can accommodate 6 people. Very quiet place located between Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower Enjoy luxury accommodation in exceptional conditions At the gates of “Paris Lung”, the Suite offers a exceptional viewpoint over the Eiffel Tower and Paris skyline night side, and Bois de Boulogne, Louis Vuitton Foundation and La Défense Business district from the reception side. With an area of 130 square meters, the suite  is composed of 3 bedrooms including a master, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen and a reception room with a bar, dining room and lounge. Up to 6 persons, the Edith Piaf Suite by ELIYA PARIS is a perfect place to enjoy the Parisian life while preserving his privacy in total comfort. For this purpose, a daily housekeeper service is available during your stay, daily breakfast in room as well as a concierge and Eliya Hotel Services (Laundry, Babys
23115		Bright and luminous flat close to many bus and subway. Perfectly located between Champs Elysée and the Eiffel Tower in a private road. Fully equipped with wifi, washing machine, dishwasher. The bedroom is spacious with a view on the Eiffel Tower.
23116	This 45m2 apartment is charming, light-filled, completely rebuilt during the summer of 2014, everything is new. It was very well equipped to provide maximum comfort to a couple or a small group of friends. It will accommodate up to four people. Redone in a sleek contemporary style, it consists of a beautiful living room with a sitting area featuring a sofa-bed (with a comfortable double mattress of 140x200), a coffee table and two chairs facing a cabinet with flat-screen TV, CD / DVD player with mini-jack input for connecting your MP3, iPhone, etc. .. The French window opens onto a small balcony from where you can enjoy a clear view, you can even see the Sacré Coeur in the distance. The dining / kitchen area is open on the main room. The kitchen is modern and has good facilities, traditional oven, mix micro wave, electric ceramic hob, dishwasher, all the dishes, glasses, utensils etc.. are brand new. You can cook and dine on the large central island that serves as dining table around w	       Very bright 1-bedroom apartment to rent for four people two steps away from Avenue Foch and Arc de Triomphe. Very quiet, nice view from all the windows. This 45m2 apartment is charming, light-filled, completely rebuilt during the summer of 2014, everything is new. It was very well equipped to provide maximum comfort to a couple or a small group of friends. It will accommodate up to four people. Redone in a sleek contemporary style, it consists of a beautiful living room with a sitting area featuring a sofa-bed (with a comfortable double mattress of 140x200), a coffee table and two chairs facing a cabinet with flat-screen TV, CD / DVD player with mini-jack input for connecting your MP3, iPhone, etc. .. The French window opens onto a small balcony from where you can enjoy a clear view, you can even see the Sacré Coeur in the distance. The dining / kitchen area is open on the main room. The kitchen is modern and has good facilities, traditional oven, mix micro wave, electric cerami
23117		Un studio de 10 m2 en rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble moderne, tout près de la porte d'Auteuil, du parc des Princes, de Roland Garros... Vue directe sur jardin, aucun vis-à-vis. Calme et repos assurés. Douche dans la chambre ; toilettes sur le palier.
23118		115sm2. Top floor with elevator and direct access to appartment, large terrasse and overview on Paris (22sm2). 2 large bedrooms/2 large bathrooms. 1 large living room & separate kitchen with all (website hidden)/ sound system. Washing machine. wifi. AC
23119	- Its great location - Its very comfortable Sofa Bed for additional 2 people (4 people in total)	You will love this bright, modern, comfortable and well located 1-Bed room flat, situated in the heart of the famous 16th district, at walking distance from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. The flat can welcome up to 4 people. - Its great location - Its very comfortable Sofa Bed for additional 2 people (4 people in total) - High Speed Free Internet Access - International TV Channels I am available for any questions or advice for the visitors. The Neighborhood is at the same time residential, calm, ideally-located and very secured.
23120	Studio composé d'une pièce avec canapé lit. Coin cuisine et salle de douche avec WC.	Studio Paris XVI ème au 6 ème étage sans ascenseur d'une copropriété très calme. Studio composé d'une pièce avec canapé lit. Coin cuisine et salle de douche avec WC. Accès à tous les équipements du studio. Remise des clés par la gardienne. Nous pouvons échanger par mail. Quartier calme, métro et ligne de bus à quelques minutes à pieds.  Pas de parking. Accès par ligne de metro numéro 9. Station jasmin.  Depuis l'aéroport de Roissy Charles De Gaulle : RER B jusqu'à gare du nord, ligne 4 direction mairie de Montrouge station : Strasbourg saint Denis puis ligne 9 direction Pont de Sèvres station Jasmin. Proche Roland Garros, Bois de Boulogne, Marché d'Auteuil, jardins Ranelagh, Trocadéro, tour Eiffel. 
23121	A une station de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro. Tous commerces à proximité. Double exposition, très lumineux.	Deux chambres et deux salles de bain, moderne, très ensoleillé, balcon avec vue Tour Eiffel, cuisine américaine, immeuble haussmannien. Beaucoup de caractère. A une station de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro. Tous commerces à proximité. Double exposition, très lumineux. Wifi. Cuisine équipée. Buanderie dans chambre de service â l'étage supérieur. Cuisine américaine totalement équipée. Accueil pour arrivée à l'appartement. Disponible pour toute demande durant le séjour. Tous commerces, shopping avec toutes les grandes enseignes à proximité. Cafés et terrasses ensoleillées. Métro 6 (Passy) ou 9 (La Muette), RER C (Boulainvillier). Bus 32.
23122		One of the best location in Paris. Close to Trocadéro, Triumph Arch and Eiffel tower.  Typical Parisian building 20th century, perfectly maintained. 3rd floor decorated with nice furniture and equipment.
23123		Ideally located at walking distance between Arc de Triomphe, Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, very well deserved by bus and metro.  Parking possible on demand. Apartment at the 6th fl with beautiful view on Eiffel tower. Ideal for a family with 2 kids
23124	"Apartement on the 6th floor in a very good location , quiet neighbouhood, and close to center (trocadero/tour eiffel) not so far of ""champs élysées"" . there are 3 beds, mini kitchen equiped, free wifi, and elevator, let me know for any question i live in a close district."	"Perfect place to visit Paris, in a cute, small flat.  2 rooms and a mezzanine with open view on the parisian roofs, charming.  close to center, Be carefull the bathroom is small.  Hope you'll enjoy my flat as I do :) Apartement on the 6th floor in a very good location , quiet neighbouhood, and close to center (trocadero/tour eiffel) not so far of ""champs élysées"" . there are 3 beds, mini kitchen equiped, free wifi, and elevator, let me know for any question i live in a close district. I won't be there but if you need me, let me know i would be glad to help you :) Trocadero, tour Eiffel, Classy stores, classy bar and coffeeshop  Subway stop Passy"
23125		28 m² in the luxurious district of Auteuil, 5 minutes from the PSG stadium  and Roland Garros.  It can accommodate up to 3 people. The apartment is furnished and equipped by a lot of devices (TV Plasma, Wifi, Sofa...) Guests have access to all the equipments found in the apartment Guests can contact me by phone. I am avaible all day long. My neighboors are always here when I need them, and there is everything that I need in the neighboord. I can spend months without leaving it :) Bus: Line 62, 72, PC1 Metro: Train station Exelmans
23126	Our flat is brand new, very bright and cosy. We will be happy to welcome you in Paris in our home sweet home. 	Luxury flat close to the Trocadéro & Eiffel Tower. The apt has been entirely renovated in March 14 : spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen,  1 master bedroom, 1 single bedroom + baby's crib , a TV room with a double sofabed and 2 bathrooms.   Our flat is brand new, very bright and cosy. We will be happy to welcome you in Paris in our home sweet home.  Many shops for food and shopping.  Near metros and buses to visit Paris.  Nice french bistros around !  métro ligne 9 : station rue de la pompe bus 63 : stop mairie du 16ème - rue de la pompe RER C : stop Henri Martin
23127		Appartement à 5 minutes à pieds du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel. Très fonctionnel, très agréable à vivre et pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Vous serez également à 1 minute  de la rue de Passy.Employée de maison à votre service quelques heures. Les commerçants, la proximité du Trocadéro et du bois de Boulogne Métro Passy, Muette Employée de maison à votre disposition quelques heures dans la semaine 
23128	Un espace de voyage à paris, chaleureux et original situé dans la résidence d'une ambassade, gardien et agent de sécurité 24h 24	Studio de 38 m2 a l'avenue foch, seule avenue de paris végétalisee ! Avenue la plus cotée et la plus agréable à paris ! A deux minutes de l'Arc de triomphe , 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées ! A pieds, profitez du meilleur de la maison ! Un espace de voyage à paris, chaleureux et original situé dans la résidence d'une ambassade, gardien et agent de sécurité 24h 24 Vous aurez acces a tout lappartement Quantier vert esparce vert a la sortie de la residence. Vous pourrez faire un lunch, pique niquer ou même dîner avec vos chaises et vos tables a l'extérieur ! Bois de Boulogne a 10 minutes. Promenade unique à paris. Desserte unique : RER C, Porte Dauphine Porte Maillot  RER A Charles de gaules étoile  Ligne 1 Argentine  Ligne 2 Victor Hugo  Ligne 6 Kléber
23129	This charming 30 square meters , fully furnished private Studio is located 3 minutes walk from Trocadero, on the 3rd floor with elevator of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. Perfect for vacationning and business trip. Stay at our fantastically located (Trocadéro) studio apartment that sleeps up to four, and enjoy being at the very heart of Paris - giving you the easiest access to Effeil Tower, Champs Elysees, Montaigne avenue, Passy street and all the major museums. The apartment is fully furnished with everything you need for an enjoyable stay, including : washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  This apartment is equipped with : washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils, heating. Whenever, wherever and however they wish. The Trocadéro, a cultural distri	This charming 30 square meters , fully furnished private Studio is located 3 minutes walk from Trocadero, on the 3rd floor with elevator of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. Perfect for vacationning and business trip. This charming 30 square meters , fully furnished private Studio is located 3 minutes walk from Trocadero, on the 3rd floor with elevator of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people. Perfect for vacationning and business trip. Stay at our fantastically located (Trocadéro) studio apartment that sleeps up to four, and enjoy being at the very heart of Paris - giving you the easiest access to Effeil Tower, Champs Elysees, Montaigne avenue, Passy street and all the major museums. The apartment is fully furnished with everything you need for an enjoyable stay, including : washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils.  This apartment is equipped with : was
23130	Vue pleine Tour Eiffel  Quartier Passy / Trocadéro  Parking dans l'immeuble  Appartement résolument contemporain  Tout équipé	3 chambres  1 bureau  1 séjour cuisine  Vue tour Eiffel depuis toutes les chambres  Matériaux nobles et résolument contemporains  Tout équipé  Parking inclus dans l'immeuble Vue pleine Tour Eiffel  Quartier Passy / Trocadéro  Parking dans l'immeuble  Appartement résolument contemporain  Tout équipé Énormément de commerces  Restaurants  Cafés Jardins du Trocadéro  Quartier très chic Metro Passy
23131	Comfortable flat of 2 principal rooms, 35m2 renovaed, typically Parisian style with wooden floor and fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor, commodities, coffee maker, utensils) and bathroom with shower Italian style's. The living room has a sofa bed which can accommodate 1 or 2 children, TV, dining table. The room has a real double bed. The apartment is on the fourth floor of a Parisian building with elevator and secured. WIFI & Internet	Lovely flat - 2 rooms renovated and full equipped, 3min from Exelmans station's and pont du Garigliano, 16th arrondissement, Metro, tram, Velib, Autolib nearby. Hardwood floors, dishwasher, TV, italian syle shower, bedroom with double bed Comfortable flat of 2 principal rooms, 35m2 renovaed, typically Parisian style with wooden floor and fully-equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, dishwasher, ceramic hob, extractor, commodities, coffee maker, utensils) and bathroom with shower Italian style's. The living room has a sofa bed which can accommodate 1 or 2 children, TV, dining table. The room has a real double bed. The apartment is on the fourth floor of a Parisian building with elevator and secured. WIFI & Internet sheets and towels included Exchange by email and I will be ther to welcome you Exelmans district (5min Auteuil, Roland Garros, the Parc des Princes Stadium, Rugby, Bois de Boulogne and Porte de Saint Cloud). Quiet and secured area with lot of stores, restaurants, there is a market
23132	Very cozy 38 m2, felted atmosphere , large hidden closets. The street facade is fully glazed , very bright. the night space and the living room can be split by a curtain.The kitchen is small but separated by a door equipped with a fridge, sink closets and hob.A bathroom is at your disposition, equipped with a shower a sink and toilet	Very bright accommodation, a large fresh air flow is possible.the appartement is cozy, all equipment are new , fully glazed bow window on street, double glazing, Internet. A Quiet street, Close to the Eiffel tower Very cozy 38 m2, felted atmosphere , large hidden closets. The street facade is fully glazed , very bright. the night space and the living room can be split by a curtain.The kitchen is small but separated by a door equipped with a fridge, sink closets and hob.A bathroom is at your disposition, equipped with a shower a sink and toilet Complete and private access to all appartment I will happy to help you if you have questions or need advices Quiet Haussmanian neighborhood, very clean and safe, close to the Seine, big boulevards , exhibitions halls and the Eiffel Tower. There is a bakery and grocery store where you can find all basics at 10 meters. you can find a laundromat. At 100 m from metro line 10, at 10 m there is a bus stop, line 22 / 62, and 5mn away you have the bike s
23133		Appartement au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Deux chambres avec chacune sa salle de bain. A 30 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du jardin du Trocadero.  A proximité à pied du Parc de Princes, de Rolland Garros, de l'hipodromme de Longchamp. Bus direct vers Palais de Tokyo, Musé d'Orsay, le Louvre... Au pied de l'immeuble : Arrêt de bus et station de location de véhicule électrique A 200 m station de métro et de location de vélo
23134	One main room with a fully equiped kitchen and a bath. 	Peaceful and quiet studio in Paris. Easily accesible at Porte de St Cloud One main room with a fully equiped kitchen and a bath.  Bath and fully equiped kitchen Email and phone. I Will also try my best to welcome guests personally.  A lot of shops nearby. Close to the Bois de Boulogne (for joggers especially). Porte de St Cloud. Metro line 9, busses 22 62 72 and PC1. Close to tramway line 2 and RER C
23135	This amazing flat is on the 7th floor of a beautiful area in the 16th arrondisement. The apartment gets lots of natural light because of  the immense windows overlooking the city. You can even see the Eiffel Tower! The quiet apartment has a large comfortable sofa and TV to enjoy after a long day in the busy city as well as one bedroom with a large double bed. The space comfortably fits two guests and has ample storage space.	"Our chic and comfortable, one bedroom (40m2) apartment is set in beautiful 16th arrondisement. Comfortably accommodates two guests with one double bed, a living area with flat screen Tv, dinning area, fully equipped kitchen and Wifi.           This amazing flat is on the 7th floor of a beautiful area in the 16th arrondisement. The apartment gets lots of natural light because of  the immense windows overlooking the city. You can even see the Eiffel Tower! The quiet apartment has a large comfortable sofa and TV to enjoy after a long day in the busy city as well as one bedroom with a large double bed. The space comfortably fits two guests and has ample storage space. The apartment is private and guests have access to all amenities and appliances. We are always in Paris for your convenience. If you have any questions or concerns during your stay we are close by to help! The 16th arrondisement, also known as the ""upper east side"" of Paris, is one of the chicest and most lavish areas in the "
23136	Roomy and airy 70 sqm one bedroom apartment with exceptional tourist location between Arc de Triomphe and Eiffel Tower. The apartment includes one big living room with two sofas (one of both being a sofa bed), one separated kitchen, one bedroom with kingsize bed, one bathroom with toilet and one separated toilet. This nice apartment is ideally located 2 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe and the avenue of the Champs Elysée, 15 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower, in a quiet street perpendicular at the Avenue d'Iena, at the 2nd floor of a modern building with elevator. This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your stay, and during this stay I will do my best to help you if needed, for any advice, taxi booking or anything else. Don’t hesitate to ask me any question concerning the apartment and the organisation of your stay in Paris. Hope to see you soon! CHECK-IN / CHECK-OUT As long as you arrive during working hours, we will do 	Roomy and airy 70 sqm 1 bedroom apartment with exceptional tourist location between Arc de Triomphe and Eiffel Tower. The apartment includes 1 big living room with 2 sofas (one of both being a sofa bed), 1 separated kitchen, 1 bedroom with kingsize Roomy and airy 70 sqm one bedroom apartment with exceptional tourist location between Arc de Triomphe and Eiffel Tower. The apartment includes one big living room with two sofas (one of both being a sofa bed), one separated kitchen, one bedroom with kingsize bed, one bathroom with toilet and one separated toilet. This nice apartment is ideally located 2 minutes walk from Arc de Triomphe and the avenue of the Champs Elysée, 15 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower, in a quiet street perpendicular at the Avenue d'Iena, at the 2nd floor of a modern building with elevator. This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your stay, and during this stay I will do my best to help you if needed, for
23137	Un appartement charmant et très calme en fond de cour. Près de l’Etoile et 2mn de la Place Victor Hugo . Par l'ascenseur ou l'escalier vous atteignez facilement le premier étage de cet immeuble Haussmanien de standing très bien sécurisé. Cet appartement vous propose un bel espace de 72m2 calme ; les fenêtres à double vitrage donne sur une cour intérieur très bien entretenue. L'entrée de l'appartement vous amène directement dans le grand séjour avec son espace salle-à-manger et son coin bureau; Le large et confortable Canapé-Lit pourra accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Vous accéderez rapidement à la cuisine intégralement équipée par le petit couloir qui mène aussi à la grande chambre équipée du grand lit. Vous accéderez directement à la salle de douche par la chambre. Equipement de la cuisine : Grand réfrigérateur avec congélateur, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four thermostat, feux de cuisson au gaz avec hotte aspirante, machine expresso à l’italienne, r	Un appartement charmant et très calme en fond de cour. Près de l’Etoile et 2mn de la Place Victor Hugo . Par l'ascenseur ou l'escalier vous atteignez facilement le premier étage de cet immeuble Haussmanien de standing très bien sécurisé. Cet appartement vous propose un bel espace de 72m2 calme ; les fenêtres à double vitrage donne sur une cour intérieur très bien entretenue. L'entrée de l'appartement vous amène directement dans le grand séjour avec son espace salle-à-manger et son coin bureau; Le large et confortable Canapé-Lit pourra accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires. Vous accéderez rapidement à la cuisine intégralement équipée par le petit couloir qui mène aussi à la grande chambre équipée du grand lit. Vous accéderez directement à la salle de douche par la chambre. Equipement de la cuisine : Grand réfrigérateur avec congélateur, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, four thermostat, feux de cuisson au gaz avec hotte aspirante, machine expresso à l’italienne, r
23138	L'appartement est très lumineux, belle vue sur Paris. capacité d'accueil 5 personnes 	L'appartement est très lumineux, belle vue sur Paris. capacité d'accueil 5 personnes  Commerces au pieds de l'immeuble et la rue de Passy à proximité immédiate Je serai présente pour vous accueillir   Quartier très touristique métro ligne 6 et 9, station Trocadéro bus 22 et 32 appartement très lumineux
23139	Appartement moderne, spacieux de 80m², entièrement équipé et rénové. Très bien situé, à 5 mn des Champs-Elysées, de l'Arc de Triomphe et du triangle d'or. La Tour Eiffel est à 15 mn. Il se trouve dans un square de l'Avenue Foch calme et sécurisé. Il peut loger deux voire trois personnes.	Cosy appartement moderne 80 m² complètement rénové, situé dans un square Avenue Foch, calme et sécurisé. A 5 mn des Champs-Elysées et Arc de triomphe. Profitez de son très grand salon et sa cuisine entièrement équipée. Les chambres sont climatisées. Appartement moderne, spacieux de 80m², entièrement équipé et rénové. Très bien situé, à 5 mn des Champs-Elysées, de l'Arc de Triomphe et du triangle d'or. La Tour Eiffel est à 15 mn. Il se trouve dans un square de l'Avenue Foch calme et sécurisé. Il peut loger deux voire trois personnes. Je vous accueille dès votre arrivée à n'importe quelle heure de la journée et vous donne toutes les informations utiles pour que votre séjour soit agréable. L'appartement se situe dans un très bel quartier de l'Avenue Foch. Il est calme et sécurisé avec gardien. Il est à 5 mn à pied des Champs-Elysées, de l'Arc de triomphe et du triangle d'or pour faire du shopping. La Tour Eiffel est à 15 mn à pied. Enfin l'Université Paris Dauphine est à 3 mn à pied. L'ac
23140	Studio meublé de standing (30m2 refait à neuf en 2013) au cœur des beaux quartiers de Paris, à deux pas de l'avenue Victor Hugo et de la célèbre avenue Foch.  Au sein d'une résidence arborée et au calme,  étage élevé avec ascenseur, très clair. Parquets, Baie vitrée donnant sur jardin. Salle d'eau contemporaine, wc suspendu, lave linge.  Cuisine entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso.  Canapé lit convertible avec matelas grand confort Bultex d'épaisseur de 14 cm et ouverture facile.  Biens de premières nécessité fournis.	Very good location, near Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Arc de Triomphe and Champs Élysées  Walking distance from Metro Station, restaurants and Shops Studio meublé de standing (30m2 refait à neuf en 2013) au cœur des beaux quartiers de Paris, à deux pas de l'avenue Victor Hugo et de la célèbre avenue Foch.  Au sein d'une résidence arborée et au calme,  étage élevé avec ascenseur, très clair. Parquets, Baie vitrée donnant sur jardin. Salle d'eau contemporaine, wc suspendu, lave linge.  Cuisine entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, cafetière Nespresso.  Canapé lit convertible avec matelas grand confort Bultex d'épaisseur de 14 cm et ouverture facile.  Biens de premières nécessité fournis. Available if you need any help or advice during your stay! :)  I speak French, English and Spanish! Very nice place surrounded by a lot of restaurants and shops  Located in one of the most beautiful place of Paris  10min walking from Trocadero or Arc de Triomphe Situated in a quiet street, ideal for coupl
23141	The studio is located in a small town house, behind a typical Parisian building. It's nicely decorated and perfectly functional.  The sofa bed (Queen size) is very comfortable. Bed linen, towels and all the necessary kitchen equipment are provided	Ideal location in an elegant shopping street in Paris 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The studio is in a small town house, it's fully renovated and perfect for a short stay in Paris. The studio is located in a small town house, behind a typical Parisian building. It's nicely decorated and perfectly functional.  The sofa bed (Queen size) is very comfortable. Bed linen, towels and all the necessary kitchen equipment are provided
23142	This charming small studio is completely renovated and is ideally located, combining peace and security. Furnished to offer all the comforts of a hotel room with a terrace of 10 m2 facing south-east, in the heart of PARIS 16th district. Ideal for an amazing person and easy for two, and especially sunny view of Auteuil racecourse and wood Boulogne.Dans building with code and guardian 8th floor without elevator by staircase with view of the Eiffel Tower. The studio is furnished and well appointed with shower and toilet. Hob, microwave, fridge, table 4 chairs, bed 140 x 190 retractable TV, closet with shelves, dishes, public wifi Close to all transportation and access device and A13, Metro Auteuil - Michael Molitor angel and a Device 5 minutes by car Motorway A13 near the Bois de Boulogne for his morning jog and walk a 10 mm walk from Bagatelle. Fitness Club Med at the bottom of the building Supermarket Carrefour supermarket nearby and next to it. Free immediately. Possible short-term ren	This charming small studio is completely renovated and is ideally located, combining peace and security. Furnished to offer all the comforts of a hotel room with a terrace of 10 m2 facing south-east, in the heart of PARIS 16th district. Ideal for an amazing person and easy for two, and especially sunny view of Auteuil racecourse and wood Boulogne.Dans building with code and guardian 8th floor without elevator by staircase with view of the Eiffel Tower. The studio is furnished and well appointed with shower and toilet. Hob, microwave, fridge, table 4 chairs, bed 140 x 190 retractable TV, closet with shelves, dishes, public wifi Close to all transportation and access device and A13, Metro Auteuil - Michael Molitor angel and a Device 5 minutes by car Motorway A13 near the Bois de Boulogne for his morning jog and walk a 10 mm walk from Bagatelle. Fitness Club Med at the bottom of the building Supermarket Carrefour supermarket nearby and next to it. Free immediately. Possible short-term ren
23143	Welcome ! Hope you will enjoy the flat.  Main room with king size bed & dressing. Kitchen open to the living room, with view on paris rooftops, for a total of 40m2. Hi-tech Equipment : TV with Premium Channels, Fibre Optic Broadband Connection and more to discover.  Please also find my advices for best places to go : Restaurants, Bars & Museum etc...  Trendy or typical ? You will find for sure the place you looked for.	Lovely flat with large main room & dressing in the heart of the authentic & trendy XVI in Trocadéro, Paris. Ideal for couples, discovering Paris : Eiffel Tower, 7 minutes walking, 15 minutes Champs Elysée, Métro Trocadero 5 minutes. Welcome ! Hope you will enjoy the flat.  Main room with king size bed & dressing. Kitchen open to the living room, with view on paris rooftops, for a total of 40m2. Hi-tech Equipment : TV with Premium Channels, Fibre Optic Broadband Connection and more to discover.  Please also find my advices for best places to go : Restaurants, Bars & Museum etc...  Trendy or typical ? You will find for sure the place you looked for. Feel free to see my guide for some tips in the neighborhood !
23144	It's a cosy flat located in a safe building !	"This modern appartement is 40m2 in the center of the 16th arrondissement of Paris. A couple minutes walk away from the famous Place de Trocadero, it is also one of the safest neighborhoods. Everything you need is a five minute walk away from my place It's a cosy flat located in a safe building ! Please feel free to contact me for any questions you have (Questions about going out, places you want to visit or any questions about the studio). I'm available The 16th arrondissement is one of the best of Paris. It is calm but there is also so much to do in it. A couple minutes away is the Place de Trocadero where you can find many ""Café"", restaurants and Bar. Also, you will find one of the monuments french are the most proud of, the Eiffel Tower. Also a bit further you can find the museum Palais de Tokyo. There is also a street called Passy where they have a large selection of stores. All of this is a five minute walk away from my apartment. There are many ways of transportation from this ap"
23145	8th floor with no overlooked , balcony with a wonderful view of  Paris 'roof, spacious , all equiped traditionnal market  third a week 5 min walking from the subway (line 9) bus station downstairs(15 min Trocadero,and Eiffel tower ;25 min Châtelet and Hôtel de ville ) 5 min walking from  PARC DES PRINCES 17 min walking from ROLAND GARROS very near from exhibitions parc in Porte de Versailles  Easy access to Porte Maillot and the Defense by ring road (10 min ) 	Two rooms flat one big bedroom with dressing, bathroom with bath kitchen equipped living room with bed sofa , tv ... And balcony  with a beautiful view .  5 min walking from PARC DES PRINCES 15 MIN WALKING BY ROLAND GARROS  15 MIN BY CAR LA DEFENSE  8th floor with no overlooked , balcony with a wonderful view of  Paris 'roof, spacious , all equiped traditionnal market  third a week 5 min walking from the subway (line 9) bus station downstairs(15 min Trocadero,and Eiffel tower ;25 min Châtelet and Hôtel de ville ) 5 min walking from  PARC DES PRINCES 17 min walking from ROLAND GARROS very near from exhibitions parc in Porte de Versailles  Easy access to Porte Maillot and the Defense by ring road (10 min ) FREE WIFI  TV  KITCHEN ..... at your disposal :) food shops (bakery, butcher's shop, winery, cheese 'shop, fishes'shop...) 3 min walking from supemarket traditionnal market third times a week (tuesday,thursday and sunday) traditional french and strangers restaurants(libanese, indian,ch
23146	Hidden in the suggestive city of Light rises this beautiful Building restored with love and respect for the whole European culture.  Visiting us will bring you in contact with a relaxed and peaceful lifestyle which estern societies have lost long time ago. You will have the pleasure to enjoy fine parisian ambient, with its soft colours and traditional materials without loosing comfort and luxury.	Hidden in the suggestive city of Light rises this beautiful Building restored with love and respect for the whole European culture.  Visiting us will bring you in contact with a relaxed and peaceful lifestyle which estern societies have lost long time ago. You will have the pleasure to enjoy fine parisian ambient, with its soft colours and traditional materials without loosing comfort and luxury. In the coolness of the courtyard time takes a different shape, flowing quietly under the trees, taking you in a relaxing and meditative atmosphere you will not forget. We invite you to rest on our peaceful terrace drinking a glass of tea and enjoying the free wifi and breakfast. We will be very happy about your visit, our goal is to make you feel at home, for an unforgettable holiday in Paris !  Enjoy our Apartments and his friendly staff ! You can book your excursions, your day trips and your breakfast directly here at the Reception Desk. We also offer restaurant service, you will be able to 
23147		It's a very big, sunny and beautiful room. It includes a bed (160cm), working table and a closet. It comfortably fits two. Located 2 blocks from the river it's very well connected with subway, RER and bus lines. Come and enjoy Paris!
23148	"An ideally located flat of 42m² in a quiet and chic area ""the Paris 16th"".  The flat was renovated in compliance with safety standards and decorated in a modern and comfortable style. A well decorated room with a double bed and the living room offers a sofa bed for 2 peoples with a 120cm LED TV and WIFI.  The open kitchen is entering a real living and has all the household appliances (fridge, freezer, washing machine, diswasher, microwave, induction hob oven...)  The bathroom has a bath and a dry towel"	"An ideally located flat of 42m² in a quiet and chic area ""the Paris 16th"".  The flat was renovated in compliance with safety standards and decorated in a modern and comfortable style. A well decorated room with a double bed and the living room offers a sofa bed for 2 peoples with a 120cm LED TV and WIFI.  The open kitchen is entering a real living and has all the household appliances (fridge, freezer, washing machine, diswasher, microwave, induction hob oven...)  The bathroom has a bath and a dry towel Situated between ""Javel"" and ""Mirabeau"" subway stations. The appartement is also served by bus (Bus 22 and 52 which go to Champs Elysées, Opera, Eifel Tower...).  Roland Garros is within walking distance.  Easy access to and from Orly and CDC airport I will be glad to assist travelers with some information they would get before or during their stay. I'm easy to reach by phone or email to help them during their stay if they wish. The life is very Parisian, with food Markets, and shops sur"
23149	The apartement is a large one bedroom of 75 square meters. It was completly renovated in 2014 and the decoration is and elegant mix of modern and Art Deco furnitures. The living room includes a seating area with a sofa, 2 armchairs, Art Deco small tables and a TV. The sofa is convertible into a comfortable double bed. The living room also includes a dining area with a large table. The bedroom includes a queen-size bed (160 cm wide), a closet, an antique Asian armoire and a rocking-chair.  The bathroom includes both a full-size tub and a large shower. There is also a washing machine and a drying machine. You need to walk across the bedroom to reach the bathroom. The toilet is in a separate room, that you reach across the entrance hall. The kitchen is brand new and fully equipped with an induction hob, a dishwasher, a traditional oven and a microwave oven, an electric kittle and a Nespresso coffee machine. This apartment is my Parisian pied-à-terre. I hope you'll feel at home here as i d	In a prestigious Art Deco building, close to the Arc de Triomphe and Place de l'Etoile, an elegant apartment completely renovated in 2014 in the 1930s style. On 3rd floor with elevator. The apartement is a large one bedroom of 75 square meters. It was completly renovated in 2014 and the decoration is and elegant mix of modern and Art Deco furnitures. The living room includes a seating area with a sofa, 2 armchairs, Art Deco small tables and a TV. The sofa is convertible into a comfortable double bed. The living room also includes a dining area with a large table. The bedroom includes a queen-size bed (160 cm wide), a closet, an antique Asian armoire and a rocking-chair.  The bathroom includes both a full-size tub and a large shower. There is also a washing machine and a drying machine. You need to walk across the bedroom to reach the bathroom. The toilet is in a separate room, that you reach across the entrance hall. The kitchen is brand new and fully equipped with an induction hob, a 
23150	Welcome. Please make yourself confortable in this studio. Please respect the neighbors. Noise limited, no party in the house. Thats all, have a nice stay. Mayla	Hello, you will have all the studio for you. Located in most fashionable district of Paris the 16. All furnished, easy access, close to metro and main monuments. I'm on vacation in the south. My brother will be here for you. Regards. Mayla Building entrance code: 15A30 METRO 2 VICTOR HUGO
23151		Appartement situé en plein coeur du 16 eme arrondissement, proche du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. Duplex calme, sécurisé, lumineux et spacieux,proposant une vue imprenable sur la Défense et le Bois de Boulogne.
23152	L'appartement est très bien situé:  Pour les touristes la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triompe et l'avenue des Champs Elysées se trouvent à 5 minutes à pieds.  Vous avez à proximité le musée du Palais de TOKYO, l'Aquarium de PARIS, le musée de la Marine, musée du Quai Branly, musée Guimet et le musée de la mode.  Pour les sportifs la forêt du Bois Boulogne est à 10 minutes à pieds. Pour les fashionistas l'avenue Montaigne et ses enseignes de luxe sont à 15 minutes à pieds. Pour les gourmands de délicieux restaurants gastronomiques Francais, Italiens, Chinois sont aux alentours, ainsi qu'un célèbre pâtissier. Et pour la vie nocturne, les nightclubs Queen, Tititwister, Le Matignon, L'Arc nightclub sont accessibles à pieds. ------------------------------------------- The appartment is very well located:  For the tourists the Eiffel Tower, Arc of Triomphe and avenue of the Champs Elysées are at 5 minutes by walk. You have in the vicinity the museum of the Palais of TOKYO, Aquarium of PARIS, the m	Très bel appartement 2 pièces situé rez de chaussé dans un immeuble Haussmannien entre l'Arc de Triomphe et la Tour Eiffel, offrant un grand séjour avec canapé convertible, cuisine américaine , belle chambre avec dressing, salle de bain avec baignoire.  Divers commerces et supermarché aux alentours / Métro à proximité. L'appartement est très bien situé:  Pour les touristes la Tour Eiffel, l'Arc de Triompe et l'avenue des Champs Elysées se trouvent à 5 minutes à pieds.  Vous avez à proximité le musée du Palais de TOKYO, l'Aquarium de PARIS, le musée de la Marine, musée du Quai Branly, musée Guimet et le musée de la mode.  Pour les sportifs la forêt du Bois Boulogne est à 10 minutes à pieds. Pour les fashionistas l'avenue Montaigne et ses enseignes de luxe sont à 15 minutes à pieds. Pour les gourmands de délicieux restaurants gastronomiques Francais, Italiens, Chinois sont aux alentours, ainsi qu'un célèbre pâtissier. Et pour la vie nocturne, les nightclubs Queen, Tititwister, Le Matigno
23153	A very cosy place for a couple, calm and luminous. The apartment as a separate bedroom with a comfortable bed. The living room has a convertible sofa for two additional persons. This is a great location for a romantic trip with a view on the roof of Paris. You will be located in one of the best area of Paris calm but located close to all the attractions you may want.	Cosy 2BR on the sixth floor, no lift. Walking distance to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Élysées. Subway line 1 serving le Louvre, la Concorde and many other renowned locations. The apartment is luminous and offers a view on the typical roofing.  A very cosy place for a couple, calm and luminous. The apartment as a separate bedroom with a comfortable bed. The living room has a convertible sofa for two additional persons. This is a great location for a romantic trip with a view on the roof of Paris. You will be located in one of the best area of Paris calm but located close to all the attractions you may want. The entire apartment is rented. Note that the apartment is on the 6th floor without elevator. You'll stay fit :) You will be alone to enjoy the apartment. Very secure neighborhood in one of the best area of Paris, the west with direct access to the main landmarks by foot or metro. Shops, supermarket and good restaurant. Close to the main attractions of Paris. Conveniently plac
23154	Bienvenu chez moi Vous aurez accès à Paris et à la vie parisien grâce à la situation exceptionnelle de l'appartement. Quartier familial, calme et sûre avec un accès aux commerce de proximité et au transport public. Je ne connais personne qui n'a pas apprécié son séjour et tout mes avis vous le démontre. Je mets en location une des chambre de mon appartement personnel, convivialité nécessaire. Je connais très bien Paris, les parcours touristiques à faire en 1, 3 ou 5j pour ne rien raté, n’hésiter pas à me demandé des conseils Bon voyage à Paris Grand lit double pour 2 personnes  Possibilité de lit Simple avec Bureau pour 1 Personnes.  Chambre en enfilade	Chambre d’hôtes dans mon appartement pour un séjour parfait dans la plus belle ville du monde.  Quartier calme et sûre. Proches accès à tout les monuments, au restaurants et commerces de proximité Bienvenu chez moi Vous aurez accès à Paris et à la vie parisien grâce à la situation exceptionnelle de l'appartement. Quartier familial, calme et sûre avec un accès aux commerce de proximité et au transport public. Je ne connais personne qui n'a pas apprécié son séjour et tout mes avis vous le démontre. Je mets en location une des chambre de mon appartement personnel, convivialité nécessaire. Je connais très bien Paris, les parcours touristiques à faire en 1, 3 ou 5j pour ne rien raté, n’hésiter pas à me demandé des conseils Bon voyage à Paris Grand lit double pour 2 personnes  Possibilité de lit Simple avec Bureau pour 1 Personnes.  Chambre en enfilade Accès à tous les équipement de la maison. Home-Cinéma, Wifi, Machine à Laver/Séchant, Cuisine totalement équipé. Parking disponible pour peti
23155	In a occupied loft with a unique deco in a prime spot in Paris, we are renting  2 independent bedrooms with a private moroccan living room. You will find two 10 m2 bedrooms with real beds and a huge bathroom just for you. If needed you can share the kitchen with the owner. Even if the loft is a busy district, the rooms are really quiet and you will enjoy to stay in a typical parisian building. From the loft, you will reach easily by feet or by public transport the best spots in Paris. The famous Champs Elysées avenue is just a 5 walking min . It is really easy to access to the loft with the bus for any airport or by public transport. You will find in the neighbourhood, all the kind of restaurant , for all the price. You will have access to Wi fi and have your private TV. For any booking, please let me know your arrival time There is an extra fee to occupy the second room. From 3 persons booking, you will access to the 2nd room.	In a occupied loft with a unique deco in a prime spot in Paris, we are renting  2 independent bedrooms with a private moroccan living room. You will find two 10 m2 bedrooms with real beds and a huge bathroom just for you. If needed you can share the kitchen with the owner. Even if the loft is a busy district, the rooms are really quiet and you will enjoy to stay in a typical parisian building. From the loft, you will reach easily by feet or by public transport the best spots in Paris. The famous Champs Elysées avenue is just a 5 walking min . It is really easy to access to the loft with the bus for any airport or by public transport. You will find in the neighbourhood, all the kind of restaurant , for all the price. You will have access to Wi fi and have your private TV. For any booking, please let me know your arrival time There is an extra fee to occupy the second room. From 3 persons booking, you will access to the 2nd room. We are reachable to give to our guests of the tips we know
23156	In a building facing the Eiffel Tower, a fully equipped 1 bedroom apartment (Recently refurbished, brand new !) In a very safe and quiet area, 2nd floor apartment (lift available), approximately 40m2 divided as 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 main room with fully equipped kitchen. Located over a private court yard and therefore very calm.   Located 2 mins away from Passy subway station (Line 6) and 5 mins from Trocadero (Lines 6 and 9) or RER C (Suburban train which will take you to Notre Dame and Saint Germain in just 4 stops) Minimum Stay: 1 week     	In a building facing the Eiffel Tower, a fully equipped 1 bedroom apartment (Recently refurbished, brand new !) In a very safe and quiet area, 2nd floor apartment (lift available), approximately 40m2 divided as 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 main room with fully equipped kitchen. Located over a private court yard and therefore very calm.   Located 2 mins away from Passy subway station (Line 6) and 5 mins from Trocadero (Lines 6 and 9) or RER C (Suburban train which will take you to Notre Dame and Saint Germain in just 4 stops) Minimum Stay: 1 week     
23157	Décoration raffinée et élégante d’un appartement alliant le charme de l’ancien avec le confort du moderne ! Il est doté de 2 cheminées en marbre et de grandes hauteurs sous plafond agrémentées de superbes moulures. Idéal pour un séjour romantique , canapé Chesterfield pour une ambiance cosy et luxueuse. Il est doté de tout le confort moderne et possède une chambre avec un lit rond King Size attenante à une magnifique salle de bain dotée d’une douche à l’Italienne avec jets massant.  Dans la cuisine, très fonctionnelle, se trouve, réfrigérateur/Congélateur, lave vaisselles, lave-linge, micro-onde.  	Très bel  appartement alliant confort du moderne avec charme de l’ancien décoré dans une ambiance chic à la Parisienne Moulures au plafond, parquet en chêne, cheminées en marbre viennent agrémenter le style Haussmannien de ce lieu à l'Ambiance cosy.
23158		Nice and cozy flat close to the city center.  Fully equipped, a nice terrace with an open look.  Feel free to contact me for any further information, I would be glad to answer.
23159	Superbe appartement au cœur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé. Accès à la Tour Eiffel en moins de 5 minutes. A proximité des quais de Seine, du 15ème arrondissement et d’un centre commercial. Proches de tous commerces (boulangeries, super-marché, fleuriste, tabacs, pressing, coiffeur) et transport. Station auto-lib et vélib’ dans la rue ainsi que l’accès au métro ligne 9 qui désert la station Franklin D Roosevelt (Champs Elysées) en 10 minutes, plusieurs ligne de bus qui desservent tout Paris.  L’appartement est au 1er étage (immeuble avec ascenseur), vue sur cours à partir de la chambre et sur rue calme et tranquille, à partir du salon.  Le salon dispose d’un canapé (lit également), d’une télévision avec toutes les chaînes nationales et internationales, un téléphone fixe et la connexion internet sans fil.  La chambre dispose également d’un grand lit deux place, d’une télévision, de rangements et l’accès à la salle de bain (baignoire, douche lavabo et placard). Des ser	Superbe appartement au cœur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé. Accès à la Tour Eiffel en moins de 5 minutes. Capacité d'accueil de 4 personnes, tout équipé et proche de tous commerces et transports. Superbe appartement au cœur du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé. Accès à la Tour Eiffel en moins de 5 minutes. A proximité des quais de Seine, du 15ème arrondissement et d’un centre commercial. Proches de tous commerces (boulangeries, super-marché, fleuriste, tabacs, pressing, coiffeur) et transport. Station auto-lib et vélib’ dans la rue ainsi que l’accès au métro ligne 9 qui désert la station Franklin D Roosevelt (Champs Elysées) en 10 minutes, plusieurs ligne de bus qui desservent tout Paris.  L’appartement est au 1er étage (immeuble avec ascenseur), vue sur cours à partir de la chambre et sur rue calme et tranquille, à partir du salon.  Le salon dispose d’un canapé (lit également), d’une télévision avec toutes les chaînes nationales et internationales, un
23160	If you travel alone this will be perfect for you to feel the heart of the city, you are close to everything in of the most touristic area. If you stay in Paris a couple of days, this is certainly the place to choose.	"You are 15 minutes from the Champs-Elysées by foot, between the Arc de Triomphe and  the Place du Trocadéro and Eiffel Tower. Ideally located in a luxury building from the late 18th century. Independent Studio 10 If you travel alone this will be perfect for you to feel the heart of the city, you are close to everything in of the most touristic area. If you stay in Paris a couple of days, this is certainly the place to choose. cable TV for entertainment, small kitchen but you definitely want to go outside to meet people in restaurants and bistrots As we live in the same house, communication is going to be so easy, we speak English, German, Italian. e do check-in and out personally most of the times. Climb on the Arc the Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, take a walk in the Trocadero garden, pick up the bus or the Métro to the Marais, the Louvres etc. you can do all that in one day if you keep up the pace :-) Bus 22, 30  Métro "" Boissière"" ""Vélib"" bike, ""Autolib"" cars and of couse taxis everywh"
23161	"Complete furnitured 14m²studio, fully renovated in July 2014, bright and quiet, with all comfort : - Fitted kitchen ( microwave grill oven, ceramic hob , extractor, fridge with freezer compartment and washing machine ) -casseroles , pans , utensils , glasses - 1 bar corner table , 2 stools - BZ convertible sofa bed (120 cm) with a comfortable mattress of 15 cm, - TV ( access to over 100 channels) - WIFI internet It has a shower with hydromassage column and toilet macerator . Bed linen and towels are provided. It is located on the 4th floor without lift of a pretty stone building . There is many restaurants and shops nearby. The nearest metro station "" Porte Dauphine "", is located 300 meters away. The nearest RER station "" Avenue Foch "", is located 100 meters away."	"This charming studio of about 14m² , very comfortable and modern can host one to two people. It is located a few minutes from Charles de Gaulle -Etoile and the Champs Elysees.  Enjoy this quiet and secure place close to the heart of Paris. Complete furnitured 14m²studio, fully renovated in July 2014, bright and quiet, with all comfort : - Fitted kitchen ( microwave grill oven, ceramic hob , extractor, fridge with freezer compartment and washing machine ) -casseroles , pans , utensils , glasses - 1 bar corner table , 2 stools - BZ convertible sofa bed (120 cm) with a comfortable mattress of 15 cm, - TV ( access to over 100 channels) - WIFI internet It has a shower with hydromassage column and toilet macerator . Bed linen and towels are provided. It is located on the 4th floor without lift of a pretty stone building . There is many restaurants and shops nearby. The nearest metro station "" Porte Dauphine "", is located 300 meters away. The nearest RER station "" Avenue Foch "", is located 10"
23162	l emplacement est extraordinaire  rer metro tous commerces a proximité tout est a proximite  RER , Métro 	l emplacement est extraordinaire  rer metro tous commerces a proximité tout est a proximite  RER , Métro 
23163		"Cozy apartment on the top floor with elevator, view on the roofs of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. Double balcony, walk-in shower, separate bedroom, separate wc, subway nearby (line 9 and 10), quiet and sunny, unoverlooked, TV and Wi-Fi. Métro :  - ""Exelmans"" station (line 9) in front of the building - ""Michel-Ange - Molitor"" station (line 10) 5 minutes walk Bus : - ""Michel-Ange - Varize"" station (ligne 62) 1 minute walk - ""Versailles - Exelmans"" station (line 72) 8 minutes walk - ""Versailles - Exelmans"" station (line 22) 8 minutes walk Parking : - Porte de Saint Cloud (1 568 spaces), 24h/24 access, 8 minutes walk - Porte d'Auteuil (1 108 spaces), 24h/24 access, 11 minutes walk"
23164	This lovely and beautifully decorated three-bedroom Duplex apartment occupies part of a private brownstone building on the rive droite (the north bank of the Seine), in the 16th arrondissement.  Please see our Alma-Eiffel Tower description for its sister unit, a lovely one-bedroom apartment in which you can house the rest of the crew who are joining you. But this place is for you. Charming and elegant are the two best words to describe the apartment. The salon is very well designed and arranged for everyone to experience what true luxury is about. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need for your fine dining or apéros. Three bedrooms will give you the real Parisian kind-of-comfort. You will be amazed by the exclusivity and how detailed the rooms are- from its linens to its well-decorated lavish interior. The bathrooms are made by well-maintained marbles and fancy tiles that will make your experience even more precious. This place will not only make you feel at home	Charming and elegant are the two best words to describe the apartment. The salon is very well designed and arranged for everyone to experience what true luxury is about. Three bedrooms will give you the real Parisian kind-of-comfort. This lovely and beautifully decorated three-bedroom Duplex apartment occupies part of a private brownstone building on the rive droite (the north bank of the Seine), in the 16th arrondissement.  Please see our Alma-Eiffel Tower description for its sister unit, a lovely one-bedroom apartment in which you can house the rest of the crew who are joining you. But this place is for you. Charming and elegant are the two best words to describe the apartment. The salon is very well designed and arranged for everyone to experience what true luxury is about. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need for your fine dining or apéros. Three bedrooms will give you the real Parisian kind-of-comfort. You will be amazed by the exclusivity and how detailed
23165	L'appartement est situé à Paris 16ème, il est situé à 15 minutes (en métro) de la Tour eiffel, du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. 30 minutes du quartier latin,Notre dame, le louvre.	L'appartement est situé à Paris 16ème, il est situé à 15 minutes (en métro) de la Tour eiffel, du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. 30 minutes du quartier latin,Notre dame, le louvre. Réfrigérateur, four, micro-onde, plaques à induction, machine à laver, internet, télévision, placard pour la nourriture, 2 grand placards, cafetière Nespresso. Salle de bain: douche   Je réponds à toute demande d'information rapidement Merci de respecter le voisinage  L'arrondissement du 16e est vaste et compte de nombreux espaces verts. A proximité du quartier il y a le Parc d'Acclimatation, le Bois de Boulogne, le parc hippique de l'Hypodrome de Longchamp mais aussi le Parc des Princes et Rolland Garros. Longeant la Seine, on appréciera la vue majestueuse de la Tour Eiffel.  Le métro est à seulement 2 minutes à pied de la Porte de Saint Cloud (ligne 9 du métro), qui est situé à Paris 16ème.
23166	Our cool, renewed and very comfortable 1 bedroom apartment is a real home to stay with the true city felling.  With a soft large bed and also 1 comfortable sofa 3 Guest are welcome.	"15 Min walk to Eiffel Tower, 20 Min to champs-Élysées.10 mMin to bois de boulogne.  Very well located just steps from subway station and supermarket. Beautiful view of part of Eiffel Tower from balcony. bonus, it located on a quiet garden. Our cool, renewed and very comfortable 1 bedroom apartment is a real home to stay with the true city felling.  With a soft large bed and also 1 comfortable sofa 3 Guest are welcome. 15 Min walk to Eiffel Tower, 20 Min to Champs-Élysées. The amasing bois de boulogne is just 10 Min walk to. Need any question or help I live 15 Min walk to you:) - discover all the current and upcoming exhibitions of the Palais de Tokyo! 13 Av. Du président Wilson.(10 Min wall) Just steps from subway station Line 9 "" la Pompe"" only 4 stations to Franklin Roosevelt. ( Rond-point des Champs-élysées ) 2 Min walk to bus station. 63 to Trocadéro , st germain."
23167	Le logement se trouve dans le Nord du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas de l'Arc de triomphe ! Idéalement situé, vous pourrez profiter de Paris et dormir dans la plus grande chambre de l'appartement ; agréable, fraîche et calme (donnant sur cour)!	Le temps d'un weekend ou pour quelques semaines, venez poser vos bagages Rue le Sueur, quartier où règne à la fois la quiétude, le charme et l'effervescence parisienne ! Grande chambre accueillante au cœur d'une colocation étudiante conviviale :) Le logement se trouve dans le Nord du 16ème arrondissement de Paris, à deux pas de l'Arc de triomphe ! Idéalement situé, vous pourrez profiter de Paris et dormir dans la plus grande chambre de l'appartement ; agréable, fraîche et calme (donnant sur cour)! Vous aurez accès à une cuisine pour y faire vos repas avec d'autres voyageurs (tout équipé),la salle de bain avec baignoire pour se rafraîchir avec la chaleur de cet été.. et la convivialité des autres colocataires de l'appartement ! Ce quartier est unique en son genre : il est situé à proximité du grand Arc de triomphe, collé à la légendaire Avenue foch où vous aurez la chance de vous reposez dans les jardins et d'y croiser quelques traces de l'histoire si vous cherchez bien ! Proche de bois
23168		Beau studio immeuble hausmanien bien équipé , cheminée pièce principale -salle de bain à Paris Passy a 50 mètre de station métro  la muette dans une rue calme ..à 5 minutes à pieds de Trocadéro et Tour Eiffel ..peut loger jusqu'à  4 personnes ..prix par semaine 500€
23169	(Book Now: e-mail reply within 30 mins guaranteed!) Renovated, it combines both the charm of 19th century apartments with modern deco.  Located in one shopping street 2 steps away from the Champs Elysées. Very well appointed and nicely furnished with plenty of storage space this apartment will make your stay comfortable and warm in the City of Lights ! Large and quiet bedroom. Bathroom marble bath, towel rail and hair dryer, ... Basic Kitchen: hob, microwave, Nespresso machine, oven, refrigerator, washer and dryer. Separate WC with 1 washbasin. WiFi and flat screen TV . Apple TV. Hifi . Located upstairs, nice view on one garden terrace and lit at night ( light via remote control ) . Floor area: 60 m2 - Building on progress (light) which ensures your peace in a lively neighborhood. Price for 2 persons: 50 euros (Sleeps 4 persons but possibility for an extra 10 euros per additional person). New member (April), I traveled a lot for work and personal way, my motivation here is primarily to	In the heart of the chic Champs Elysées & Trocadéro area, elegant apartment in a beautiful building. Marble fireplace and moldings. Bathroom with marble. Large and quiet bedroom.  Renovated, it combines both the charm of 19th century with moderndeco (Book Now: e-mail reply within 30 mins guaranteed!) Renovated, it combines both the charm of 19th century apartments with modern deco.  Located in one shopping street 2 steps away from the Champs Elysées. Very well appointed and nicely furnished with plenty of storage space this apartment will make your stay comfortable and warm in the City of Lights ! Large and quiet bedroom. Bathroom marble bath, towel rail and hair dryer, ... Basic Kitchen: hob, microwave, Nespresso machine, oven, refrigerator, washer and dryer. Separate WC with 1 washbasin. WiFi and flat screen TV . Apple TV. Hifi . Located upstairs, nice view on one garden terrace and lit at night ( light via remote control ) . Floor area: 60 m2 - Building on progress (light) which ens
23170	Typical 19th century apartment building with caretaker and entrance safety code.  1 Bedroom (1m40 bed for 2 persons) +  Lounge (sofa bed for 2 pers.)  Ideal for Shopping and museums. Ideally located, near the Eiffel Tower and numerous museums and the Bois de Boulogne.  Close by:  stores, pharmacy, a typical Parisian open air market twice a week.  Within 5mn reach: Metro, bus, taxi stops.  In the neighborhood : Rue de Passy, restaurants, cinema, shopping.  NEW : centre commercial BEAUGRENELLE  10 mn by foot : (website hidden) . By métro 15mn from the Champs Elysées. Comfortable 60 sqm,  3-room apartment, newly redecorated in 2011, with wooden floors, cast ceilings and fire places.  5th floor with lift.  Peaceful and bright. View over garden.  All rooms open to the lobby.   1 bedroom with a queen size bed (140) and bathroom with shower.  1 separate toilet.  1 living room with a queen size convertible sofa, fireplace, TV and balcony   1 dining room with desk, fireplace and open outlook ba	Ideal apartment 60m² for 2/4 people  very comfortable, clear and calm.  1 bedroom (sleeps 2) and living room (sofa bed for 2).  Ideal for shopping and museums.  Restaurants nearby.  Beaugrenelle shopping center 10 mn  Eiffel Tower : 20mn by foot Typical 19th century apartment building with caretaker and entrance safety code.  1 Bedroom (1m40 bed for 2 persons) +  Lounge (sofa bed for 2 pers.)  Ideal for Shopping and museums. Ideally located, near the Eiffel Tower and numerous museums and the Bois de Boulogne.  Close by:  stores, pharmacy, a typical Parisian open air market twice a week.  Within 5mn reach: Metro, bus, taxi stops.  In the neighborhood : Rue de Passy, restaurants, cinema, shopping.  NEW : centre commercial BEAUGRENELLE  10 mn by foot : (website hidden) . By métro 15mn from the Champs Elysées. Comfortable 60 sqm,  3-room apartment, newly redecorated in 2011, with wooden floors, cast ceilings and fire places.  5th floor with lift.  Peaceful and bright. View over garden.  Al
23171	Within walking distance to Porte Maillot / shuttle to Beauvais Airport, this superb one bedroom flat sits on a quiet, leafy, courtyard in an ideal location right by top end touristic locations of Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees. The flat is 5mn walk from the most beautiful and romantic view in Paris: the Trocadero square. It's also close to restaurants (Japanese, Lebanese, French, Italian etc) and some of the finest French bakeries and Patisseries in Paris. Digicoded gate, concierge guarded in this very Parisian building, you'll also stay in one of the most exclusive and safest areas of the city. You'll head back home after a busy day working or shopping through a beautifully quiet, romantic courtyard, and walk up only one floor of this typical Parisian architecture building, located within short distance of Boissiere metro, or a short walk, or 15mn walk to Etoile/Champs Elysees, or two metro stops. Supermarket downstairs open every day 7am - 11pm, many local restaurants, with top end 	Best and safest location in Paris right between Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees, nicely decorated, recently refurbished to the best standards! Also sits on a quiet courtyard, ideal for a professional or a romantic trip!    Within walking distance to Porte Maillot / shuttle to Beauvais Airport, this superb one bedroom flat sits on a quiet, leafy, courtyard in an ideal location right by top end touristic locations of Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees. The flat is 5mn walk from the most beautiful and romantic view in Paris: the Trocadero square. It's also close to restaurants (Japanese, Lebanese, French, Italian etc) and some of the finest French bakeries and Patisseries in Paris. Digicoded gate, concierge guarded in this very Parisian building, you'll also stay in one of the most exclusive and safest areas of the city. You'll head back home after a busy day working or shopping through a beautifully quiet, romantic courtyard, and walk up only one floor of this typical Parisian architecture 
23172		Beautiful one bedroom apartment in Paris's 16th district, in a quiet and elegant residential area, 15 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower by bus. Bright, fully furnished, close to shops, the Seine and the green park of Boulogne! Full use of kitchen, bathroom, living room and appartment.
23173	FLAT ROUND THE CORNER AVENUE DES CHAMPS ELYSEES     Description     Equipements     Règlement Intérieur LOUIS VUITTON CHAMPS ELYSEESFOR ДВОИХ Не менее 7 суток Исключительные Квартира рядом MARCEAU LOUIS VUITTON NORA TRAITEUR авеню Монтень недалеко от модного подходит для  this flat can be rented for 9 months minimum all included electricity heating wi fi internet. POSSIBLE PLUS  If you need go away before possible too.... You prevent one month before.  всех самое лучшее для вас COFFEES РЕСТОРАНЫ MOOVIES театров и MUSUEUMS ТАКЖЕ ПРОСТО TROCADERO 2 MNS от дома; Наслаждайтесь прекрасной квартиры и взять ПРИБЫЛЬ Paris Champs Elysees; Елисейские поля LOUIS VUITTON PRIX EXCEPTIONNELS Спросить о ваших ПЛАН ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ПО Paris Champs Elysees PARIS 16 PROCHE Елисейские поля BEL APPARTEMENT 2 ШТ ET UNE CHAMBRE ООН SEJOUR КУХНИ AMERICAINE entièrement EQUIPE APPARTEMENT RENOVE ET EQUIPE LUXUEUSEMENT MODERNE IMMEUBLE sécurisé INTERPHONE VYGIK. ETAGE Eleve SOLEIL BALCON. Местами 4 SEMAINES ВОИР LA 	FLAT ROUND THE CORNER AVENUE DES CHAMPS ELYSEES     Description     Equipements     Règlement Intérieur LOUIS VUITTON CHAMPS ELYSEESFOR ДВОИХ Не менее 7 суток Исключительные Квартира рядом MARCEAU LOUIS VUITTON NORA TRAITEUR авеню Монтень недалеко от модного подходит для  this flat can be rented for 9 months minimum all included electricity heating wi fi internet. POSSIBLE PLUS  If you need go away before possible too.... You prevent one month before.  всех самое лучшее для вас COFFEES РЕСТОРАНЫ MOOVIES театров и MUSUEUMS ТАКЖЕ ПРОСТО TROCADERO 2 MNS от дома; Наслаждайтесь прекрасной квартиры и взять ПРИБЫЛЬ Paris Champs Elysees; Елисейские поля LOUIS VUITTON PRIX EXCEPTIONNELS Спросить о ваших ПЛАН ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ПО Paris Champs Elysees PARIS 16 PROCHE Елисейские поля BEL APPARTEMENT 2 ШТ ET UNE CHAMBRE ООН SEJOUR КУХНИ AMERICAINE entièrement EQUIPE APPARTEMENT RENOVE ET EQUIPE LUXUEUSEMENT MODERNE IMMEUBLE sécurisé INTERPHONE VYGIK. ETAGE Eleve SOLEIL BALCON. Местами 4 SEMAINES ВОИР LA 
23174		Charming separated maisonette in a garden. Duplex bedroom with 2 individual beds fitted with a private bathroom 100m from the closest subway station (M9 & M10) with direct access to the Champs-Elysées and Notre-Dame. 5mn walking from Roland-Garros Residential and familial district at the heart of the Paris' 16th district. Enjoy the calm offered by the location along with easy access to the touristic centre and different museums. Additionally to the underground, proximity of buses stops (lines 52, 32 & PC1) Vélib station (bike rental) is only 100m away.
23175	You will be reluctant to get out of this flat which is really easyliving, on its 5th floor with lift. The appartment is clean, with numerous shelves (especially the dressing in the bedroom) and completely done up like new. The building has 2 entry code system and the caretaker which is a very nice woman to give you hints. ______________________________________ Vous n'aurez plus envie de sortir de ce T2 de 46m² très agréable à vivre, au 5ième étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement est très propre, avec de nombreux rangements et des travaux récents dans la salle de bain (douche) et le dressing pour ces dames!  L'immeuble a un double digicode ainsi qu'une gardienne en cas de problème et le quartier est très sécurisé.	Wonderful appartment in the heart of Paris (exelmans station)5th Floor 46m² (500 sqft) calm, clean, bright and spacious with 1 bedroom. Superbe appartement au coeur de Paris. 5ème étage, calme lumineux et spacieux avec une chambre séparée.       You will be reluctant to get out of this flat which is really easyliving, on its 5th floor with lift. The appartment is clean, with numerous shelves (especially the dressing in the bedroom) and completely done up like new. The building has 2 entry code system and the caretaker which is a very nice woman to give you hints. ______________________________________ Vous n'aurez plus envie de sortir de ce T2 de 46m² très agréable à vivre, au 5ième étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement est très propre, avec de nombreux rangements et des travaux récents dans la salle de bain (douche) et le dressing pour ces dames!  L'immeuble a un double digicode ainsi qu'une gardienne en cas de problème et le quartier est très sécurisé. Full flat. _____________________
23176	Ideal for a couple who wants to live in a stone's throw distance from the Roland Garros neighborhood. The apartment is in a luxury 4 storey building. The mattress of the king size bed is new and extremely comfortable. Feather pillows and down duvets top quality, linen and bathroom items from Frette, all paints from Farrow and Ball The new memory adaptable sofa is from Roche Bobois, the lamps and decorative items are from exclusive Italian designers. The room has a full walking dressing closet and a nice balcony where you can have breakfast. The apartment is equipped with SONOS music system in every room to listen to your favorite radio in the shower or enjoy cable sports or movies. Fully equipped kitchen, Exclusive area within a couple of stops from the major points of interests in Paris	Live the Parisian Experience, from one of the most exclusive neighborhood in Paris. Near the Eiffel Tower and Roland Garros, in front of the Central Park of Paris, our apartment is full of light, newly renovated, tastefully decorated
23177		Superbe appartement entièrement rénové par architecte, et rénové avec matériaux de qualité, composé d'un grand séjour, 2 chambres, une salle de bains, WC, et cuisine aménagée et équipée. Location exceptionnel, à 100 mètres de l'Arc de Triomphe !
23178	"Gorgeous flat with capacity for 2 in famous 16 th arrondissement, located near Rolland Garros and "" Parc des Princes"" , 2 min walk from Tube and buses. High standing building 1930 Art Deco This brand new luxury flat offer a nice terrasse with japonese garden, and barbecue. The flat is very safe and is under Home Automation Security System (door opening detection, alarm, video intercom, CCTV camera 24/24, digital Judah, reinforced door six points) - Sofa bed in real leather, king size bed with Memory form matress -  TV is Home theater system with TV 55 cm full HD 3D Blu-ray, with more than 200 channels, PS3 video game console. -A Relaxation area, convivial with a Japanese garden, fountain, BBQ, parasol, patio heaters, automatic watering. An automatic vacuum and washer cleaner iRobot is available - Bathroom Venetian marble shower with rain jet way, LED faucet temperature indicator with LED light, hairdryer. In the Bathroom, you will find a high quality dryer  and washing machine ""Bosh""  "	"Gorgeous flat central Paris in the famous 16 th arrondissement( near  Rolland Garros and "" Parc des Princes"") very close to tube and buses. This brand new luxury flat has everything you need to enjoy Paris : terrasse and quiet location is a must. Gorgeous flat with capacity for 2 in famous 16 th arrondissement, located near Rolland Garros and "" Parc des Princes"" , 2 min walk from Tube and buses. High standing building 1930 Art Deco This brand new luxury flat offer a nice terrasse with japonese garden, and barbecue. The flat is very safe and is under Home Automation Security System (door opening detection, alarm, video intercom, CCTV camera 24/24, digital Judah, reinforced door six points) - Sofa bed in real leather, king size bed with Memory form matress -  TV is Home theater system with TV 55 cm full HD 3D Blu-ray, with more than 200 channels, PS3 video game console. -A Relaxation area, convivial with a Japanese garden, fountain, BBQ, parasol, patio heaters, automatic watering. An aut"
23179	Jolie Studette entièrement refaite à neuf avec tout le confort nécessaire pour passer quelques jours et même plus dans la capitale Parisienne. Située idéalement dans le 16ème arrondissement, à 1 minute du métro et également desservies par de nombreux bus. Elle est également à 50m de toutes les commodités : supermarché, boulangerie, restaurants, bars, McDonald... La studette se situe au rez-de-chaussé d'un bel immeuble de standing. Elle donne sur cour. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes. Idéal pour les couples ou les couples d'ami(e)s qui souhaitent profiter de la beauté de Paris. Pretty Small studio entirely renovated with all the comforts for a few days and even in the capital Paris . Ideally located in the 16th district , 1 minute from the metro and also served by many buses. It is also 50 meters to all amenities : supermarket, bakery, restaurants, bars, McDonald ... The small studio is located on the ground floor of a luxury building . It overlooks runs . It can accommodate two peo	Jolie studette de 12m², entièrement refaite à neuf et meublée dans le 16ème. Idéale pour 2 personnes : couples ou couple d'ami(e)s ! Proche toutes commodités : commerces et métro (porte de saint cloud) à 50m. Quartier très agréable! Jolie Studette entièrement refaite à neuf avec tout le confort nécessaire pour passer quelques jours et même plus dans la capitale Parisienne. Située idéalement dans le 16ème arrondissement, à 1 minute du métro et également desservies par de nombreux bus. Elle est également à 50m de toutes les commodités : supermarché, boulangerie, restaurants, bars, McDonald... La studette se situe au rez-de-chaussé d'un bel immeuble de standing. Elle donne sur cour. Elle peut accueillir deux personnes. Idéal pour les couples ou les couples d'ami(e)s qui souhaitent profiter de la beauté de Paris. Pretty Small studio entirely renovated with all the comforts for a few days and even in the capital Paris . Ideally located in the 16th district , 1 minute from the metro and also
23180		Située dans le 16 em arrondissement de Paris , cet appartement moderne au 4 eme étage , est doté d'un ascenseur , digi code et conciergerie. Logement raffiné offrant toutes les commodités nécessaires à un séjour parisien ! 
23181	In the heart of Paris 16th, near Auteuil-Passy and Eiffel tower, apartment on the 4th floor, (elevator) with an entrance, a living-room, dining-room, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a nice bedroom overlodairy a wodded courtyard. gets a lot of light, all shops and amenities nearby. Subway line 9, station Jasmin Dans bel immeuble bourgeois, appartement situé au 4è étage,  avec ascenseur, grand hall, double séjour  salon salle à manger, avec 2 doubles fenêtres sur la rue+ une chambre indépendante avec fenêtre donnant sur jolie cour arborée. cuisine équipée , salle de bains, grandes fenêtres, clair et ensoleillé, parquet au sol. proximité tous commerces, metro ligne 9 Jasmin.quartier calme et tranquille, proximité Auteuil, Passy,  	In the heart of Paris 16th, near Auteuil-Passy and Eiffel tower, apartment on the 4th floor, (elevator) with an entrance, a living-room, dining-room, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a nice bedroom overlodairy a wodded courtyard. gets a lot of light, all shops and amenities nearby. Subway line 9, station Jasmin Dans bel immeuble bourgeois, appartement situé au 4è étage,  avec ascenseur, grand hall, double séjour  salon salle à manger, avec 2 doubles fenêtres sur la rue+ une chambre indépendante avec fenêtre donnant sur jolie cour arborée. cuisine équipée , salle de bains, grandes fenêtres, clair et ensoleillé, parquet au sol. proximité tous commerces, metro ligne 9 Jasmin.quartier calme et tranquille, proximité Auteuil, Passy,  
23182	Totally renovated flat with ultra modern equipment. Many shops and supermarkets around.  3 big bedrooms : -1 bedroom with a king size bed, dressing and private bathroom and tv -1 bedroom with mezzanine, king size bed; babycot, private bathroom and dressing - 1 bedroom with mezzanine 4 single beds 3 wc 3 bathroom	Totally renovated flat with ultra modern equipment. Many shops and supermarkets around.  3 big bedrooms : -1 bedroom with a king size bed, dressing and private bathroom and tv -1 bedroom with mezzanine, king size bed; babycot, private bathroom and dressing - 1 bedroom with mezzanine 4 single beds 3 wc 3 bathroom High tech coffee machine Tumble-dryer  Washing machine  Dishwasher Freezer Baby cot, changing table and highchair available as well Sheets and towes provided Owner available by phone or email 24h/24 every day Many places of interests can be reached by walking  (Trocadero, Eiffel tower, Champs-Elysées, museum, swimming-pool) Subway station : Trocadero or Victor Hugo
23183	This beautifully-appointed studio apartment in Paris’ exclusive 16th arrondissement puts you within walking distance of many of the most famous landmarks in the world, including the Eiffel Tower, The Louvre and Champs Elysées. Bus stops, metros, and taxi stations are on your doorstep and the apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift for your convenience.  The cosy apartment offers a DVD/blu-ray player with a flat screen TV, plus other mod cons such as free WiFi, central heating and a washing machine. There is an ultra-modern and fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and many extras if you desire a home-cooked meal, but grocery stores, bakeries, cafes, and fine French dining are right around the corner. Two people can sleep comfortably in the double bed and a baby cot is available upon request. The bright bathroom is fitted with beautiful tile work and features a tub, shower and WC, plus ample space for all your toiletries.	Set in an upmarket arrondissement of Paris, this gorgeous 2nd floor studio sleeps 2 and is in walking distance from tourist dreams like the Grand Palais, Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysées! This beautifully-appointed studio apartment in Paris’ exclusive 16th arrondissement puts you within walking distance of many of the most famous landmarks in the world, including the Eiffel Tower, The Louvre and Champs Elysées. Bus stops, metros, and taxi stations are on your doorstep and the apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building with a lift for your convenience.  The cosy apartment offers a DVD/blu-ray player with a flat screen TV, plus other mod cons such as free WiFi, central heating and a washing machine. There is an ultra-modern and fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and many extras if you desire a home-cooked meal, but grocery stores, bakeries, cafes, and fine French dining are right around the corner. Two people can sleep comfortably in the double bed and a baby cot is available upon 
23184		Appt moderne au 5 eme étage sur 5 dans une résidence familiale et très calme comprenant : - un grand séjour bien éclairé donnant également sur balcon  - cuisine neuve aménagée tout équipée avec un cellier très pratique pour les rangements - salle de
23185	You have everything you need to feel like home, a kitchen all furnished, a great terrace where you can have lunch or dinner. You have TV and Wifi with a very nice view from the bed	This flat is just located in front of palais des congrès and just 10 min walk from Arc de Triomphe. The neighboorhoud is very quiet and you have all the shop you need. The flat is Nice and confortable To stay for a trip on Paris 30M2 appt You have everything you need to feel like home, a kitchen all furnished, a great terrace where you can have lunch or dinner. You have TV and Wifi with a very nice view from the bed You have Air France Bus just front of the flat, Metro Line 1, 2 or 3  and also bus station . I'm staying available if you have any questions i can give you advices for restaurant or anything just le met now :) The neighborhood is really safe and you have all the shops you need to enjoy your time in Paris
23186	The studio is located in one of the most known and swell neighborhood of Paris, the 16th arrondissement near the Place du Trocadero (7min on foot) and the Arc de Triomphe (15min walk). The studio is 20 square meters in building a secure and pleasant, with elevator. The studio consists of: -a room (single bed that opens and becomes two places), a large table, a chair, wardrobe, storage space) -a kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave oven, oven, blender and all kitchen utensils .. - sparate bathroom -TV -a wi-fi internet access a vacuum- -an ironing board and iron repaser -washing machine -Nespresso  The studio is located in a great location to visit Paris, near the metro stations (Pump Street, Trocadero, the mute, passy), close to all commerce, shops, bakeries, supermarkets .... 5 minutes walk to Eiffel tower, 15 to champs Elysees. I wish you a safe journey and a pleasant stay	The studio is located in one of the most known and swell neighborhood of Paris, the 16th arrondissement near the Place du Trocadero (7min on foot) and the Arc de Triomphe (15min walk). The studio is 20 square meters in building a secure and pleasant, with elevator. The studio consists of: -a room (single bed that opens and becomes two places), a large table, a chair, wardrobe, storage space) -a kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave oven, oven, blender and all kitchen utensils .. - sparate bathroom -TV -a wi-fi internet access a vacuum- -an ironing board and iron repaser -washing machine -Nespresso  The studio is located in a great location to visit Paris, near the metro stations (Pump Street, Trocadero, the mute, passy), close to all commerce, shops, bakeries, supermarkets .... 5 minutes walk to Eiffel tower, 15 to champs Elysees. I wish you a safe journey and a pleasant stay
23187		Amazing loft duplex in Paris 16th This cozy 35sqm loft is ideally located in One of the Most prestigious and well known parisien avenues, just a few minutes from the Champs Elysees.  This nest is fully furnished and equipped to make your Stay even more comfortable.
23188	Calm and highly secured, ideally located near champs élysées, Tour Eiffel,transports, restaurants	Lovely and ideally located in the chic 16e arrondissement, 10 minutes feet to both Champs Elysées and Trocadéro (Tour Eiffel), transports ( metro, bus), groceries, stores, French market, restaurants, terrasses, even late, extremely secured Calm and highly secured, ideally located near champs élysées, Tour Eiffel,transports, restaurants Always available, fluent in French and English, and little Spanish Anything available even late, groceries, little French market twice a week, restaurants and bakeries, extremely safe and cosy, ideally connected and cosmopolite Ideally linked to metro, buses, taxis, trains
23189	This 17 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the sixth floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator. There is coded system. An on-site superintendant is available. The apartment can welcome one or two persons. The apartment features carpet floor in the main room, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a fridge, a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a sofa bed (Full size). There is a fully tiled   bathroom with toilets, shower, washbowl. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable chanels is available. Please note that the toilet is electric. 	This 17 m2 fully  furnished and equipped studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the sixth floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator. There is coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. This 17 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the sixth floor of a ninetith century building with  no elevator. There is coded system. An on-site superintendant is available. The apartment can welcome one or two persons. The apartment features carpet floor in the main room, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a fridge, a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffee-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a sofa bed (Full size). There is a fully tiled   bathroom with toilets, shower, washbowl. Wirelless Internet access and a TV with international cable chanels is available. Please note that the toil
23190	Large living room, with two sofas and a dining (website hidden) with cable / Internet with wifi Fully equipped kitchen  stove, oven, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, nespresso machine, toaster, fridge and freezer First bedroom, with a queen size bed, and a small TV Second bedroom, with a king size bed (2x90x200) (no tv in the bedroom, contrary to what you see on the pictures) Bathroom, with a bathtub and a shower head Separated toilet 3rd floor with elevator	Spacious and very comfortable 70sqm on the outstanding Avenue Raymond Poincarré, 2min walk away from the Trocadero leading to the Eiffel Tower. Each room is pretty large with a king and queen size bed. Fully equipped. 3rd floor with an elevator. Large living room, with two sofas and a dining (website hidden) with cable / Internet with wifi Fully equipped kitchen  stove, oven, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, nespresso machine, toaster, fridge and freezer First bedroom, with a queen size bed, and a small TV Second bedroom, with a king size bed (2x90x200) (no tv in the bedroom, contrary to what you see on the pictures) Bathroom, with a bathtub and a shower head Separated toilet 3rd floor with elevator Check-in will be at the apartment Towels and linen provided by a profesionnal laundry Cie Internet with wifi Great guests oriented service, friendly and professional Available 24/7 in case of an emergency Outstanding area, full of shops and restaurant, with trocadero only 2min walk a
23191		Proche des commerces. Calme et plein de verdure. Idéal pour les étudiants et diplômés dans le domaine des arts appliqués. Matériel mis a disposition (tablette lumineuse, livres, etc.) 
23192	Luminosité, calme, charme,  proximité des commerces, des restaurants et du métro. La vue est imprenable sur les toits de Paris et la Tour Eiffel. La chambre est petite et pour une seule personne. 	Cette petite chambre de charme donnant sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris, comprend une douche et une kitchenette. 7è étage SANS ASCENSEUR  Toilettes communes sur le palier. 2 mn du M° Jasmin 15 mn Roland-Garros, 20 mn Tour Eiffel. 2 nuits min Luminosité, calme, charme,  proximité des commerces, des restaurants et du métro. La vue est imprenable sur les toits de Paris et la Tour Eiffel. La chambre est petite et pour une seule personne. La chambre est au 7è ETAGE SANS ASCENSEUR!! L'arrivée des voyageurs est souhaitée avant 22h, 10PM. L'ENTRÉE SE FAIT PAR UNE PETITE RUE ET L'ON PASSE PAR UN COULOIR DE LA CAVE AVANT D'ACCÉDER À L'ESCALIER, PUIS ON GRIMPE 7 ÉTAGES À PIED... L'ACCÈS EST ASSEZ SPORTIF!... Les bagages lourds peuvent être montés par un ascenseur jusqu'au 6è. Ce logement est NON FUMEUR. Internet Wifi, TOILETTES COMMUNES sur le palier. La chambre est louée pour une période minimale de deux jours. En juillet et août et aux vacances de Noël, la durée est d'une semaine minimu
23193	Un petit coin de paradis à deux pas de la Tour eiffel.  Profitez de notre appartement et de son jardin privée. Vos enfants vont adorer la cabane au fond du jardin,  le panier de basket pendant que vous profiterez d'un bon repas dans notre salon de jardin. L'intérieur est prévu pour une famille  allant jusqu'à 5 enfants dont  1 dans un lit à barreaux. Les parents ont leur suite avec salle de douche.  Tout ça dans un magnifique immeuble Hausmanien.  L'idéal pour se reposer entre deux visites. C'est notre appartement donc vous vous y sentirez bien et nous vous demanderons d'en prendre soin.	Appartement dans immeuble hausmanien avec 3 chambres Un jardin magnifique et calme dans une cour intérieure privée  Un très grand salon salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte toute équipée. 2 salle de bains et un WC séparé. Un petit coin de paradis à deux pas de la Tour eiffel.  Profitez de notre appartement et de son jardin privée. Vos enfants vont adorer la cabane au fond du jardin,  le panier de basket pendant que vous profiterez d'un bon repas dans notre salon de jardin. L'intérieur est prévu pour une famille  allant jusqu'à 5 enfants dont  1 dans un lit à barreaux. Les parents ont leur suite avec salle de douche.  Tout ça dans un magnifique immeuble Hausmanien.  L'idéal pour se reposer entre deux visites. C'est notre appartement donc vous vous y sentirez bien et nous vous demanderons d'en prendre soin. Accès à tout l'appartement et son jardin.
23194	"Studio in Paris 16th district, the ""quartier chic"" with a terrace and an amazing view on Paris.  Full equip, web, TV, telephone, shower, toilet, washing machine, every thing for cooking. 3 metro stations very close, Boissière, Trocadéro, Victor Hugo. A lot of bus stop.  10 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées, 5 min to the Trocadéro. Near, restaurants, grocery, café, bar, boutiques, museums,  "	"Studio in Paris 16th district, the ""quartier chic"" with a terrace and an amazing view on Paris.  Full equip, web, TV, telephone, shower, toilet, washing machine, every thing for cooking. 3 metro stations very close, Boissière, Trocadéro, Victor Hugo. A lot of bus stop.  10 minutes walk to the Champs Elysées, 5 min to the Trocadéro. Near, restaurants, grocery, café, bar, boutiques, museums,  "
23195	Appartement très calme dans une impasse privée situé à 5 minutes de l'Arc de Triomphe et de la place Victor Hugo.  Entièrement rénové, très lumineux et spacieux.  Cuisine équipée 	Très bien situé, à 5 minutes de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées.  Très bel appartement de 88 mètres carrés. 2 chambres avec lit double 2 salles de bains Baignoire 1 grand salon  2 toilettes Terrasse Appartement très calme dans une impasse privée situé à 5 minutes de l'Arc de Triomphe et de la place Victor Hugo.  Entièrement rénové, très lumineux et spacieux.  Cuisine équipée Pour un long séjour, possibilité d'avoir une place de parking En plein coeur de Paris,  près de Champs-Elysées et de la place Victor Hugo 5 minutes du Trocadéro 1 minute du Métro porte Dauphine  Métro Charles de Gaulle Etoile Station de taxi
23196	Room in appartement of 44sqm with all comodities in the 16th arrondissment, in front of the Mirabeau Bridge (15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower), while being near the best restaurant and museums of Paris like Quai Branly museum, Le Corbusier Fondation, , Museum of Modern Art, Palais de Chaillot- Cité de l’Architecture. The business districts of La Défence, Levallois-Perret and Neuilly-Sur-Seine are at a few minutes by taxi or subway.	Private room in appartement of 44sqm with all comodities (Elevator WIFI TV washer). Locateed in front of the Mirabeau bridge at 15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower. Room in appartement of 44sqm with all comodities in the 16th arrondissment, in front of the Mirabeau Bridge (15mn by walk from the Eiffel Tower), while being near the best restaurant and museums of Paris like Quai Branly museum, Le Corbusier Fondation, , Museum of Modern Art, Palais de Chaillot- Cité de l’Architecture. The business districts of La Défence, Levallois-Perret and Neuilly-Sur-Seine are at a few minutes by taxi or subway. Included Free acess to WIFI network  TV LCD + DVD  mini kitchen equiped (oven + microwave + hob)  Bathroom + Washer  New bed - large model (190 * 140 cm) Two shopping malls lidl and Carrefour in my street open utill 10 pm, lively cafes, gourmet restaurant, various sport facilities with Velib ( for rent a bike), all at in the same street. The biggest commercial center of Paris (Baugrenelle) is ju
23197		Cet appartement moderne, à quelques minutes de la rue de Passy et du musée Marmottan, dispose côté jardin de 2 chambres sur terrasse ainsi que d'une salle de bain et d'une salle de douche.  
23198	Beautiful 60 sqm apartment in the heart of Paris, 16ieme arrondissement. It was completely renovated 2 years ago. 10 minutes- walk from Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from Trocadéro Please always message me before booking to make sure the flat is available. Thanks! Located in a XIXth century building, the flat is very bright and airy  2 rooms :  - a large leaving room with a dining area and a sofa  - a room with a double bed  - a modern kitchen fully equipped  - a newly refubished bathroom with a bath  All appliances are included (washer, dishwasher, microwave, stove, oven, hair dryer, iron, cable TV, stereo, free wifi) Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed)  Floor : 1st floor (by the stairs)  Very close to the apartment (~2 min), 2 bakeries, Franprix (French supermarket), pharmacy, flowers, dry cleaners, caterers, restaurants,etc..  Transportation is very convenient: metro = Passy - line 6 (3 min from the flat) or Trocadéro - line 9 , buses 32 and 73 very close . The 72 brings y	Beautiful 60 sqm apartment in the heart of Paris, 16ieme arrondissement. It was completely renovated 2 years ago. 10 minutes- walk from Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from Trocadéro Please always message me before booking to make sure the flat is available. Thanks! Located in a XIXth century building, the flat is very bright and airy  2 rooms :  - a large leaving room with a dining area and a sofa  - a room with a double bed  - a modern kitchen fully equipped  - a newly refubished bathroom with a bath  All appliances are included (washer, dishwasher, microwave, stove, oven, hair dryer, iron, cable TV, stereo, free wifi) Sleeps : up to 4 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa bed)  Floor : 1st floor (by the stairs)  Very close to the apartment (~2 min), 2 bakeries, Franprix (French supermarket), pharmacy, flowers, dry cleaners, caterers, restaurants,etc..  Transportation is very convenient: metro = Passy - line 6 (3 min from the flat) or Trocadéro - line 9 , buses 32 and 73 very close . The 72 brings y
23199	This beautiful and elegant 100 sqm (approx 1100 sqft) apartment with a 7 square meters terrace is located on avenue Paul Doumer in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It is on the 3rd floor of a completely rehabilitated 19th century building. It offers a friendly, modern and luxurious lifestyle, and provision of high quality. It can accommodate up to 4 people. and It consists of a large living/dining room of about 35 sqm facing the street (double glass windows), 2 large bedrooms with a direct access to the terrace overlooking the garden, two bathrooms and a large fully equiped kitchen. The area is surrounded by greenery. A private gym is open to the tenants and owners of the building. The building is secured by a 24/24 hours concierge. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - DVD player - Double sofa-bed 140cm width - refrigerator - Freezer 	This beautiful and elegant 100 sqm (approx 1100 sqft) apartment with a 7 square meters terrace is located on avenue Paul Doumer in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It is on the 3rd floor of a completely rehabilitated 19th century building. It offers a friendly, modern and luxurious lifestyle, and provision of high quality. It can accommodate up to 4 people. and It consists of a large living/dining room of about 35 sqm facing the street (double glass windows), 2 large bedrooms with a direct access to the terrace overlooking the garden, two bathrooms and a large fully equiped kitchen. The area is surrounded by greenery. A private gym is open to the tenants and owners of the building. The building is secured by a 24/24 hours concierge. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Central Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - DVD player - Double sofa-bed 140cm width - refrigerator - Freezer 
23200	Le logement est situé directement sur le Quai Louis Blériot, en bord de Seine. Vue sur la Seine , les péniches, la montgolfière du Parc André Citroën depuis les fenêtres de l'appartement et de la chambre. Vue magnifique sur laTour Eiffel depuis la cour intérieure de l'immeuble et dans la rue du logement. Vue spectaculaire sur la Tour Eiffel depuis le pont Garigliano tout près de l'immeuble.	Jolie chambre dans appartement de charme  dans le prestigieux 16ème arrondissement, en bord de Seine près  Trocadéro et Tour Eiffel, face au beau Parc A. Citroën et  France Télévisions. Quartier chic, agréable, nombreux restaurants, boutiques, métro Le logement est situé directement sur le Quai Louis Blériot, en bord de Seine. Vue sur la Seine , les péniches, la montgolfière du Parc André Citroën depuis les fenêtres de l'appartement et de la chambre. Vue magnifique sur laTour Eiffel depuis la cour intérieure de l'immeuble et dans la rue du logement. Vue spectaculaire sur la Tour Eiffel depuis le pont Garigliano tout près de l'immeuble. Accès salon cuisine et salle de bains Je suis toujours présente pour accueillir les voyageurs et leur donner des informations utiles pour un agréable séjour. Les heures d'arrivée et de départ sont flexibles, je m'adapte facilement aux préférences des voyageurs pour leur confort. Café, thé offerts à volonté. Le 16 ème arrondissement  est très sûr, nombreu
23201	Appartement calme, propre et bien situé 	  Bonjour,Je loue une grande chambre dans un T2 de 30 m2 située à l'avenue Versailles avec lit double, parquet, très lumineuse, et pas de vis à vis. L'appartement est situé à 10mn de la Tour Eiffel pour celles / ceux qui souhaitent profiter de leur séjour pour la visité. Appartement calme, propre et bien situé - Wifi - Un ordinateur de bureau - Une chambre (uniquement à vous) - Quartier calme et sécurisé Ligne 9 station Porte de Saint Cloud -
23202	Traditional Parisian style apartment, great for families.  Room 1 with firm king bed (180 x 200). Room 2 with expandable bed to make 1 queen bed  (160 x 200) OR 1 single bed, Room 3 with crib, changing table and futon (clic clac) 140 x 200. A toddler bed is also available to be placed in the room of your choice. Full kitchen. 1 bathroom with bathtub and sink and separate (website hidden), internet, tons of kid's toys. 	100 sq meter apartment in luxury 16th arrondissement of Paris. Close to Passy shopping, Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triumph. 3 bedrooms, great for families. Traditional Parisian style apartment, great for families.  Room 1 with firm king bed (180 x 200). Room 2 with expandable bed to make 1 queen bed  (160 x 200) OR 1 single bed, Room 3 with crib, changing table and futon (clic clac) 140 x 200. A toddler bed is also available to be placed in the room of your choice. Full kitchen. 1 bathroom with bathtub and sink and separate (website hidden), internet, tons of kid's toys.  Beds for up to 6 people. Complete with travel crib, changing table, high chair and potties. Next time you travel to Paris, take the little ones with you and stay here. Towels and linens for the 3 beds and 6 guests provided. Residential neighborhood an easy walk to great shopping, restaurants and the new Beaugrenelle center. Near metro La Muette, RER Boulainvillieres, several bus lines. Twenty two, fifty two, thirty two, 
23203		Located in the aristocratic 16th arrondissement and within walking distance to many attractions and Champs Elysées avenue, this private mansion offers 3 levels of modern luxury, plus a terrace of 100 sqm !
23204	In a 1930 building, our apartment has been redesigned in 2011. It is beautiful and comfortable. It is spacious, modern and quiet. As we are renting another room, you can view our reviews here: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/5281891?checkin=03%2F09%2F2015&checkout=06%2F09%2F2015&s=h4jA	Ready to stay in an amazing contemporary design flat? You'll have your own bathroom, in a super comfortable space, with huge kitchen and living room. Close to two metro lines that get you anywhere, 10 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower. In a 1930 building, our apartment has been redesigned in 2011. It is beautiful and comfortable. It is spacious, modern and quiet. As we are renting another room, you can view our reviews here: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/5281891?checkin=03%2F09%2F2015&checkout=06%2F09%2F2015&s=h4jA In addition to your bedroom and private bathroom, you will enjoy access to our large kitchen and living room. There is a piano that you're welcome to use! We love welcoming visitors. We will be happy to give you advice on visits of our great city. The neighbourhood is beautiful, clean, quiet. It has cafes, supermarkets, shops. Among others: Boulogne Wood (5 minute walk), Auteuil  horse race track (10 mn), Rolland Garros tennis French Open courts (10 mn), Auteuil rose garden (
23205	Mon logement est situé sur une cour et permet de bénéficier d'un très grande tranquillité. L'appartement se situe entre le Trocadero et le Place Victor Hugo dans la rue des Belles Feuilles ou vous trouverez de nombreux commerçants (boucherie x2 , boulanger, fromager x 2, supermarché x2, cordonnier, cybercafé, restaurants, banque, etc.)	"Discover Paris from a 65 m² apartment (T3) in a quiet courtyard for 6 persons 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. A ""pied-a-terre"" for those families or couples wishing to be in an idyllic setting and live in ""Paris"". my home is your home If you need advice, addresses or specific application (breakfasts, flowers, gifts, etc.), we can discuss it. Check in: 16:00 pm Check out a lunchtime Line 6: Trocadeor Line 2: Victor Hugo"
23206	La première chambre est composée d'un lit double.  La deuxième chambre  est composée d'un grand lit double très confortable et d'un bureau.  Notre séjour est équipé de deux canapés. Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision écran plat avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'une chaine Hi-Fi et un accès internet en Wi-Fi haut débit.  La cuisine est parfaitement équipé, vous y trouverez plaque de cuisson, four micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Notre salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition une machine à laver, un fer à repasser et un sèche-cheveux.  L'appartement se situe au 5 ème étage (avec ascenseur). L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (interphone). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis.	Appartement proche des Champs-Élysées 3 pièces, 2 chambres, salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette séparé, cuisine 4 personnes, 70 m2 5 ème étage avec ascenseur, tout équipé (Wi-Fi, TV, machine à laver...) Métro, restaurants, shopping... La première chambre est composée d'un lit double.  La deuxième chambre  est composée d'un grand lit double très confortable et d'un bureau.  Notre séjour est équipé de deux canapés. Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision écran plat avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'une chaine Hi-Fi et un accès internet en Wi-Fi haut débit.  La cuisine est parfaitement équipé, vous y trouverez plaque de cuisson, four micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Notre salle de bain est équipée d'une baignoire.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition une machine à laver, un fer à repasser et un sèche-cheveux.  L'appartement se situe au 5 ème étage (avec ascenseur). L'accès à l'immeuble est sé
23207		PARIS. Métros rue de la Pompe ou la Muette, rue Louis David. Joli studio meublé 22 m2 au 2e étage sur cour. Entrée, pièce principale, cuisine séparée équipée (frigo, plaques électriques, micro-ondes), salle de bains (baignoire, wc), internet, TV
23208	Private and independant bedroom with shower / toilet  secured access (code on the street and intercom) 3rd floor with elevator. The bedroom&bathroom are completely independant (private door and private key) Very quiet:  rear of the building Close to all amenities (200 meters from the Place Victor Hugo metro, bus, Velib, autolib) and shops / restaurants etc ... For Breakfast: Starbucks, MacDonalds, Subway, cafés/brasseries and bakeries within 2 minutes walking distance. (there is a kettle in the room, to prepare a tea, coffee or herb tea) For laundry you may choose between a full service laundry,  200m away (5kgs for around 15/20€ , same day service) or Self Service Laundrymat 500m away (do it yourself ; washing machines and drying machines) By Metro : 15 minutes from Montmartre quarter, 30 minutes from Notre-Dame Our appartment is on the same floor as the bedroom, however, the bedroom is fully independant.	Private room with TV and Wifi, calm, in an excellent neighbourhood of Paris Private and independant bedroom with shower / toilet  secured access (code on the street and intercom) 3rd floor with elevator. The bedroom&bathroom are completely independant (private door and private key) Very quiet:  rear of the building Close to all amenities (200 meters from the Place Victor Hugo metro, bus, Velib, autolib) and shops / restaurants etc ... For Breakfast: Starbucks, MacDonalds, Subway, cafés/brasseries and bakeries within 2 minutes walking distance. (there is a kettle in the room, to prepare a tea, coffee or herb tea) For laundry you may choose between a full service laundry,  200m away (5kgs for around 15/20€ , same day service) or Self Service Laundrymat 500m away (do it yourself ; washing machines and drying machines) By Metro : 15 minutes from Montmartre quarter, 30 minutes from Notre-Dame Our appartment is on the same floor as the bedroom, however, the bedroom is fully independant. Clos
23209	paris metro passy proche la tour eiffel,et juste en face de la maison de radio,au bord de la seine et pont de grenelle grand studio meublè environ 32m2avec une large balcon situe quai louis bleriot dans le 16éme,  entierement refait a neuf par architecte en parfait etat dans un immeuble parisien de standing avec un gardien au 3eme etage avec ascenseur.en face de la maison de radio et au bord de seine cette appartement comporte une cuisine equipee americaine  avec une four multi fonction ,plaque vitroceramique frigo ,une grande sallle de douche avec  a l'italienne et une lave lainge dans   grande baie vitree  parquet au sol  canapè lit 2 places, internet,placards cette appartement tres bien desservi par bus 70,72,52 RER(C)	paris metro passy proche la tour eiffel,et juste en face de la maison de radio,au bord de la seine et pont de grenelle grand studio meublè environ 32m2avec une large balcon situe quai louis bleriot dans le 16éme,  entierement refait a neuf par architecte en parfait etat dans un immeuble parisien de standing avec un gardien au 3eme etage avec ascenseur.en face de la maison de radio et au bord de seine cette appartement comporte une cuisine equipee americaine  avec une four multi fonction ,plaque vitroceramique frigo ,une grande sallle de douche avec  a l'italienne et une lave lainge dans   grande baie vitree  parquet au sol  canapè lit 2 places, internet,placards cette appartement tres bien desservi par bus 70,72,52 RER(C) RERC, bus 70, 72  en bas de l'immeuble  Métro Passy 8 minute de marche s pieds  Ou charles Michel
23210		       Charmant Studio de 16m2 pour 2 ou 3 personnes, bien équipé :kitchennette, frigo,four, TV cable +canal+, wifi. Douche etWC sur palier mais privatifs.300 m du metro Trocadero (6+9) et Passy(6). Bus22 Champs Elysées et opéra juste en face.
23211	Idéalement situé sur la ligne de bus 72 et la ligne de métro 9 pour traverser Paris.  RER C à 300 mètres pour vous rendre au Chateau de Versailles par exemple.	Charmant 2 pièces de 45m2, grande cuisine, baignoire, séjour et chambre chaleureuse. Baladez-vous dans le quartier chic de Paris, marchez sur les quais jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel, tout près du métro 9 qui traverse Paris. Bienvenue! Idéalement situé sur la ligne de bus 72 et la ligne de métro 9 pour traverser Paris.  RER C à 300 mètres pour vous rendre au Chateau de Versailles par exemple. Metro 9 / 6 / 10 - RER C - Station de bus et de Velib au pied de l'immeuble - Quais de Seine à 2 min à pied. Quelques bonnes adresses de restaurants, les visites incontournables, les quartiers à voir... Je serai ravi de vous renseigner pour que vous passiez le meilleur séjour possible ! Quartier calme et chic de la capitale, proche Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel, Musée du quai Branly.
23212	Ce confortable appartement de charme de 29m2, récemment rénové, est composé d'une pièce avec un petit coin Salon bibliothèque, en alcôve un vrai lit double de 140 cm; d'une salle de bain (douche, Plan vasque contemporain, wc) et d'une kitchenette située dans l'entrée, équipée d'un frigo, plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso, grille-pain) TV et Internet WiFi . Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Draps, serviettes de bain et savon sont fournis.  L'appartement est au 2 ème étage sur cour, orienté Sud et sans vis à vis , il est très lumineux.  Calme le soir, et voisinage agréable. Immeuble sécurisé, digicode et gardien.	Au coeur de l'Ouest Parisien, rive droite, charmant appartement de 29 m2, quartier d'Auteuil, proche Parc des Princes, Roland Garros, Bois de Boulogne, quais de Seine; idéal pour 2 perssonnes Ce confortable appartement de charme de 29m2, récemment rénové, est composé d'une pièce avec un petit coin Salon bibliothèque, en alcôve un vrai lit double de 140 cm; d'une salle de bain (douche, Plan vasque contemporain, wc) et d'une kitchenette située dans l'entrée, équipée d'un frigo, plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso, grille-pain) TV et Internet WiFi . Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Draps, serviettes de bain et savon sont fournis.  L'appartement est au 2 ème étage sur cour, orienté Sud et sans vis à vis , il est très lumineux.  Calme le soir, et voisinage agréable. Immeuble sécurisé, digicode et gardien. Logement entier, tout est à disposition des voyageurs excepté le dressing qui est privé. Je suis à votre disposition pour toute question 
23213	Appartement calme, lumineux à Trocadero et à 5 minutes des Champs-Elysees /arc-de-Triomphe + Tour Eiffel. Une chambre, un salon, une cuisine, une salle de bain et WC (séparés). NON FUMEUR / NON SMOKING idéal pour un couple Very quiet apartment located near Arch of triumph, Trocadero (Eiffel Tower) and Champs Elysées. One bedroom very comfortable and spacious. Kitchen is equipped with washing machine, kettle, toaster, micro wave... The bedroom has a large bed. The living room is bright. in the bathroom : shower with hydromassage jets. Separate toilets and separate kitchen. Free internet via Wifi. Perfect for a couple. NON SMOKING 3rd floor. elevator. *Metro 6, 9 and 2 *RER A (very close) *bus : lines 22, 30, 63 and 32 *Velib and Autolib	Appartement calme, lumineux à Trocadero et à 5 minutes des Champs-Elysees /arc-de-Triomphe + Tour Eiffel. Une chambre, un salon, une cuisine, une salle de bain et WC (séparés). NON FUMEUR / NON SMOKING idéal pour un couple Appartement calme, lumineux à Trocadero et à 5 minutes des Champs-Elysees /arc-de-Triomphe + Tour Eiffel. Une chambre, un salon, une cuisine, une salle de bain et WC (séparés). NON FUMEUR / NON SMOKING idéal pour un couple Very quiet apartment located near Arch of triumph, Trocadero (Eiffel Tower) and Champs Elysées. One bedroom very comfortable and spacious. Kitchen is equipped with washing machine, kettle, toaster, micro wave... The bedroom has a large bed. The living room is bright. in the bathroom : shower with hydromassage jets. Separate toilets and separate kitchen. Free internet via Wifi. Perfect for a couple. NON SMOKING 3rd floor. elevator. *Metro 6, 9 and 2 *RER A (very close) *bus : lines 22, 30, 63 and 32 *Velib and Autolib 3rd floor. elevator. *Metro 6, 
23214	Lovely flat with all facilities near Trocadero.  10 min away from the Effeil Tower and 15min away from the Arc de Triomphe by metro or bus.  Easy to move to the touristics areas thanks to metro, RER, and bus lines around, you can reach the other main touristic places within 25min.  You'll enjoy going to the Chateau de Versailles in 40min by train.  Well-located in one of the chicest area of Paris, I'll be happy to give you my favourite tips of restaurants, cafes and shopping. You'll stay with a real Baroness (Yes I am!) and I could tell you a lot about french History, my speciality :) You'll enjoy going to the Department Stores as Galeries Lafayettes in 15min by (website hidden) store, supermarket and wonderful bakeries open very closed and a very nice organic market to cook tipical french recipes at home!  Ideal for couple on holiday or for businessman on business trip.  Bed linens, towels and coffee are provided.  Hope to welcome you soon! 	Lovely flat with all facilities near Trocadero.  10 min away from the Effeil Tower and 15min away from the Arc de Triomphe by metro or bus.  Easy to move to the touristics areas thanks to metro, RER, and bus lines around, you can reach the other main touristic places within 25min.  You'll enjoy going to the Chateau de Versailles in 40min by train.  Well-located in one of the chicest area of Paris, I'll be happy to give you my favourite tips of restaurants, cafes and shopping. You'll stay with a real Baroness (Yes I am!) and I could tell you a lot about french History, my speciality :) You'll enjoy going to the Department Stores as Galeries Lafayettes in 15min by (website hidden) store, supermarket and wonderful bakeries open very closed and a very nice organic market to cook tipical french recipes at home!  Ideal for couple on holiday or for businessman on business trip.  Bed linens, towels and coffee are provided.  Hope to welcome you soon! 
23215	"The studio is near the river side, not far from the famous Mirabeau Bridge or the Eiffel Tour. It also is very close to Rolland Garros and the Parc of Princes, for sport's amateur. Several metros and buses give direct access to strategic places, monuments and museums. The Metro: Lines 9 and 10 drive you quickly to the Latin area, the Trocadero monument from which you can admire a great panorama of one of the most appreciated areas, not to forget the shops ""Le Printemps Hausmann"" and Les Galeries Lafayette"" near the Opera Garnier"". The RER C: A quicker way to reach the Eiffel Tour, Saint Michel, the Orsay Museum, the big library François Mitterrand, Versailles Castle... Buses: The lines 22, 52 and 72 at 10 foot steps from the studio will give you the opportunity to get to the Champs Élysées, the Grand Palais, the Louvre Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, the museum of Primitive Arts, the Opera Garnier, the Concorde obelisk and its golden fountains in a more peaceful way..."	"The appartment is located on the ground floor in a very quiet courtyard. The spacious living room, the separate kitchen and the bathroom with separate closets are all well furnished. It will seduce you for its calm and situation. The studio is near the river side, not far from the famous Mirabeau Bridge or the Eiffel Tour. It also is very close to Rolland Garros and the Parc of Princes, for sport's amateur. Several metros and buses give direct access to strategic places, monuments and museums. The Metro: Lines 9 and 10 drive you quickly to the Latin area, the Trocadero monument from which you can admire a great panorama of one of the most appreciated areas, not to forget the shops ""Le Printemps Hausmann"" and Les Galeries Lafayette"" near the Opera Garnier"". The RER C: A quicker way to reach the Eiffel Tour, Saint Michel, the Orsay Museum, the big library François Mitterrand, Versailles Castle... Buses: The lines 22, 52 and 72 at 10 foot steps from the studio will give you the opportunit"
23216	Une chambre d'hôte unique et exclusive pour marquer vos plus beaux instants de vie. Un cadre de rêve, au calme à quelques mètres de la place du Trocadéro. Vue sur la tour Eiffel et un jardin privé de 130m2	Un hôtel particulier unique à Paris, place du Trocadéro et face à la Tour Eiffel. Une chambre d'exception dans un décor inspiré des années 50. Un hommage à Christian Dior et Jacques Homberg. Une prestation **** dans un écrin de verdure de 130m2. Une chambre d'hôte unique et exclusive pour marquer vos plus beaux instants de vie. Un cadre de rêve, au calme à quelques mètres de la place du Trocadéro. Vue sur la tour Eiffel et un jardin privé de 130m2 Vous pourrez allez et venir sur les 4 premiers niveaux de l'hôtel particulier. cuisine ( pour vos petits déjeuners) salon et mezzanine ( galerie d'art contemporain) et votre chambre située au 2 ème étage sans ascenseur. En cas de besoin, nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous renseigner sur divers sujets ( art, restaurant, ballets, musées, théâtres, taxi, avions, etc) Le 6, Mandel est situé dans l'un des quartier de Paris les plus riches en musées et de bâtiments d'exception. La Tour Eiffel, Le musée du quai Branly, La fondation Louis Vuit
23217	Le bon agencement de ce studio permet de ne pas s'y sentir à l'étroit!  Il est lumineux et agréable à vivre! 	Studio de 18m² tout confort et bien agencé, il est idéal pour accueillir une ou deux personnes.  Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris et ses plaisirs! Le bon agencement de ce studio permet de ne pas s'y sentir à l'étroit!  Il est lumineux et agréable à vivre! Draps et serviettes seront mis à votre disposition. Ce studio est situé dans un quartier animé et agréable, à proximité des petits commerces de la rue de Passy et du Trocadéro! Grâce au bon emplacement du studio et aux deux stations de métro qui sont proches (ligne 6 et 9), vous pourrez profiter facilement de Paris!  Versailles est également facilement accessible grâce à l'arrêt Champs de Mars-Tour Eiffel du RER C qui se situe à 10-15 minutes à pied!  La gare Montparnasse (ligne 6) et la gare St Lazare (ligne 9 St augustin) sont à 15minutes de métro!
23218		Bel appartement au coeur de Paris, situé à quelques pas de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs-Elysées, tout confort 2 pièces, tout équipé, dans un immeuble en pierre de Paris. Très bien desservi par les transports pour toutes vos visites.
23219	"Little appartment in Paris, inside a lovely parisian bulding. 2 minutes from metro ""la muette"" line 9 and 8 minutes from métro ""Passy"" line 6. Very safe ans charming area of Paris. Free Wifi inside the flat."	"Studio au pied du métro ""La muette"" ligne 9 et 8 minutes du métro ""Passy"" ligne 6. Quartier très sécurisant et sympathique, très commercant également. Très belle vue sur la tour effeil 15 m2  Toilettes et douche dans le studio. Little appartment in Paris, inside a lovely parisian bulding. 2 minutes from metro ""la muette"" line 9 and 8 minutes from métro ""Passy"" line 6. Very safe ans charming area of Paris. Free Wifi inside the flat. Je réponds très vite sécurité beauté des batiments proximité du métro et des monuments"
23220	Luxueux appartement sur 2 étages, plus la terrasse sur le toit. Comprenant 1 grand salon de 60 m², 3 chambres, 3 WC, 1 Salle de bain, 1 douche, 1 cuisine équipée. En terrasse, une  cuisine indépendante. 	Appartement luxueux, moderne 160 m² (3 chambres), plus terrasse sur le toit 60 m². Situé Avenue Foch, à 5 mn, Métro, Taxi, Champs Elysées, Arc de triomphe, Place Victor Hugo, Porte Maillot et la Défense. Endroit très sécurisé et très calme. Luxueux appartement sur 2 étages, plus la terrasse sur le toit. Comprenant 1 grand salon de 60 m², 3 chambres, 3 WC, 1 Salle de bain, 1 douche, 1 cuisine équipée. En terrasse, une  cuisine indépendante.  Accès par Voiture, Taxi, Métro. Echange par Mail, Texto, Whatsapp ou Portable. Avenue Foch, quartier des ambassades, très sécurisé et très calme. Situé à 5 mn des Champs Elysées, Arc de triomphe, Trocadéro, Porte Maillot et à 15 mn de la Défense. A 5mn à pied Métro Porte Dauphine et Station de Taxi 2 Places de parking sécurisées.
23221	Haussmann and renovated as new, can accommodate up to 6 people.	A 4 minute of the Arc de Triomphe, Haussmann building renovated quiet! It consists of 2 bedrooms with double beds, windows and chimneys, 1 small room with bunk bed, 1 kitchen fully equipped, 1 bathroom with WC, 3rd flo Haussmann and renovated as new, can accommodate up to 6 people. the building is a 4-minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe! very quiet! METRO LINE 2: CHARLES DE GAULLE ETOILE
23222	The apartment is located in one of the best districts of Paris near the famous rue de Passy, close to all Paris by bus and metro (La Muette). La Muette area is one of the most chic Paris area with its beautiful shops, its elegant shopping street, fruit and vegetable vendors who offer products of exceptional quality, cafés and cosy restaurants, it is a pleasure always renewed to walk in this area where you will find anything you need or wish. Buses and subways are close to the house and takes you in a very short time anywhere you want in Paris. The apartment is located in a very quiet street, on the 3rd floor of an elegant building with concierge. 	    Pretty and quiet room in nice and sunny apartment in Paris Trocadero. Many shops and restaurants are closeby, buses and metro stations are 2 minutes away. Marble bathroom with shower is to share. Separate toilets. Beautiful living room.                    The apartment is located in one of the best districts of Paris near the famous rue de Passy, close to all Paris by bus and metro (La Muette). La Muette area is one of the most chic Paris area with its beautiful shops, its elegant shopping street, fruit and vegetable vendors who offer products of exceptional quality, cafés and cosy restaurants, it is a pleasure always renewed to walk in this area where you will find anything you need or wish. Buses and subways are close to the house and takes you in a very short time anywhere you want in Paris. The apartment is located in a very quiet street, on the 3rd floor of an elegant building with concierge. My guests have access to the kitchen if they want to make a meal or just heat a cup o
23223	Quiet Area 200 meters from Trocadero 300 metrs from lovely Ranelagh square 400 meters from Eiffel tower	Bright and light, 2 bedrooms, large lounge, kitchen and separate bathroom.  The apartment is on the first floor and overlooks a quiet bright and pleasant courtyard. Between Passy,  Trocadero and Ranelagh park Quiet Area 200 meters from Trocadero 300 metrs from lovely Ranelagh square 400 meters from Eiffel tower
23224	Calm on a garden	1 Room completely independent 10 m², calme sur jardin, avec lit simple, frigidaire, cuisson, toilette et douche sur le palier. Paris 16ème, proche métro Ranelagh.  Commerces à deux pas. 1 personne par chambre.  Possibilité de location 3 chambres. Calm on a garden Metro Ranelagh very reachable in case of problem or advice
23225	Spacious loft style apartment with balcony (can see a bit of the Eiffel tower) , 85m2, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and living room in quiet and safe area. Washing machine + Dishwasher Right next to shopping area, supermarkets and restaurants, parc TRANSPORTATION: RER C right down the building (15 min ride to St Michel, Latin quarter) and line 9 (DIRECT 10 mins from Champs Elysées, 15 min metro to Opera, Galeries Lafayette). Line 6 (Passy station) 5-7 minute walk away, direct to Eiffel tower and Montparnasse area. Velib and autolib stations 200 meters away.  You will have your own room and bathroom. There is an extra air mattress (double bed) if needed that can be used in the living room in case you are two friends.	Spacious loft style apartment with balcony (can see a bit of the Eiffel tower) , 85m2, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen and living room in quiet and safe area. Washing machine + Dishwasher Right next to shopping area, supermarkets and restaurants, parc TRANSPORTATION: RER C right down the building (15 min ride to St Michel, Latin quarter) and line 9 (DIRECT 10 mins from Champs Elysées, 15 min metro to Opera, Galeries Lafayette). Line 6 (Passy station) 5-7 minute walk away, direct to Eiffel tower and Montparnasse area. Velib and autolib stations 200 meters away.  You will have your own room and bathroom. There is an extra air mattress (double bed) if needed that can be used in the living room in case you are two friends.
23226	Make your stay in Paris unforgettable !  My apartment is cosy, lovely, full of charm, and located 5 minutes away from Trocadero in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris. You can reach anywhere in Paris in 10 to 25 minutes thanks to the amazing transportation we have in the neighbourhood. The apartment has a lot of light and is a very peaceful place to live in. It has a large double living room, equipped with a large screen TV and a computer connected to the internet. It is a beautiful space with an extra single bed, a couch and a large table to have pleasant meals at home.  The bedroom has a Queen size bed and many storages.  The small kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, a dishwasher, a small oven, and anything you need to prepare your delicacies.  The bathroom has a small bathtub, to help you relax after a long day walking around this beautiful city.  The area is extremely safe and quiet, the apartment is located in a dead end street wich makes it specially peacefull (you 	Cozy apartment very well located with great transportations. Suitable for 3 people. All the preview guests had a positive experience, check my profile and ask your questions. Feb 22 - March 25 guests will be living with Alice, the cutest cat ever! Make your stay in Paris unforgettable !  My apartment is cosy, lovely, full of charm, and located 5 minutes away from Trocadero in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris. You can reach anywhere in Paris in 10 to 25 minutes thanks to the amazing transportation we have in the neighbourhood. The apartment has a lot of light and is a very peaceful place to live in. It has a large double living room, equipped with a large screen TV and a computer connected to the internet. It is a beautiful space with an extra single bed, a couch and a large table to have pleasant meals at home.  The bedroom has a Queen size bed and many storages.  The small kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, a dishwasher, a small oven, and anything you need to prepare
23227		elevator
23228	typicaly parisian flat, hausmanien, building from the end of the 19th century, 85 sqm ( 750 sqf). Apartment with high ceilings, hardwood floors, . Two big bedrooms first queen size bed and second very confortable sofa bed. Sunny large living room, with a balcony. Fully equiped kitchen: dishwasher, washer and dryer, microwave, oven, expresso machine, fridge... Bathroom with bathtub, separate WC. Television, WIFI...	A typicaly parisian flat, high ceilings, 85 sqm. Two big bedrooms, sunny large living room, design furniture. Fully equiped kitchen.  Upscale and quiet neighborhood, near Eiffel tower and Roland Garros stadium. typicaly parisian flat, hausmanien, building from the end of the 19th century, 85 sqm ( 750 sqf). Apartment with high ceilings, hardwood floors, . Two big bedrooms first queen size bed and second very confortable sofa bed. Sunny large living room, with a balcony. Fully equiped kitchen: dishwasher, washer and dryer, microwave, oven, expresso machine, fridge... Bathroom with bathtub, separate WC. Television, WIFI... Metro station ( exelmans, close to 20 meters) 2° Floor, lift. I or someone of my friends will meet you upon arrival to give you the keys, and advice for an enjoyable trip in Paris. Upscale, family friendly neighborhood. Calm and quiet building close to both lines 9 and 10, 10 mn to the Eiffel Tower. Walking distance to Roland Garros stadium ( tennis), pac des princes s
23229		Situé au cœur de la capitale a 1 min à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe studio 6ème étage vu dégagé avec TV grand écran, internet haut débit entièrement équipé parfait pour un couple qui souhaite venir faire un séjour en amoureux!
23230	Studio simple et propre. Idéal pour se reposer ou travailler. Situé au 2 ième étage d'un hotel particulier en pierre, sur une cour calme, plein sud. Maximum 2 personnes. 18 m2.  Je viens de mettre l'annonce et je n'ai pas encore acheté le canapé lit ni la télé mais vous pouvez déjà réserver ! Je mettrai les photos d'intérieur à ce moment là. Tout les équipements peuvent être utilisés. Draps et serviettes fournis. Télévision, internet Je suis joignable par téléphone ou mail à tout moment. Quartier très touristique car le Trocadéro est à 10mn à pied et les Champs Élysées à 15 mn. Quartier calme avec de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants à proximité dans l'avenue Victor Hugo.  Le Bois de Boulogne est à 2 mn à pied pour se promener, faire un tour en barque ou prendre un café. Métro: Rue de la Pompe ou Victor Hugo ou Porte Dauphine. RER : Bd Flandrin Bus : PC, 63, 	Studio simple et propre. Idéal pour se reposer ou travailler. Situé au 2 ième étage d'un hotel particulier en pierre, sur une cour calme, plein sud. Maximum 2 personnes. 18 m2.  Je viens de mettre l'annonce et je n'ai pas encore acheté le canapé lit ni la télé mais vous pouvez déjà réserver ! Je mettrai les photos d'intérieur à ce moment là. Tout les équipements peuvent être utilisés. Draps et serviettes fournis. Télévision, internet Je suis joignable par téléphone ou mail à tout moment. Quartier très touristique car le Trocadéro est à 10mn à pied et les Champs Élysées à 15 mn. Quartier calme avec de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants à proximité dans l'avenue Victor Hugo.  Le Bois de Boulogne est à 2 mn à pied pour se promener, faire un tour en barque ou prendre un café. Métro: Rue de la Pompe ou Victor Hugo ou Porte Dauphine. RER : Bd Flandrin Bus : PC, 63,  Tout le studio est disponible Je suis joignable à tout moment par téléphone ou mail. Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proxi
23231	Quiet, high ceilings, light, windows, wood flooring, kitchen-equipped, 3 bathrooms with tubs and / or walk-in shower, quality bedding in 5 bedrooms, items and furnitures created by designers , terrace ... certainly the 250m2 of this triplex apartment will only leave you breathless. Composed of 3 distinct areas, each square inch of this place has been redesigned and renovated with care and precision that can not be found too rarely in Paris ... That's why, first of all, we would like to thank the owner Elvire, her architect and teams who worked with heart and soul into creating this place. Hope that we will be able to find the words to describe feelings and excitation created by this amazing place. First, could you please imagine a small private street which looks like an elbow and makes the junction of two main streets ... The entrance and the exit of this street are protected by two impressive gates made in wrought iron (guarantee for a peaceful stay in the heart of Paris). The codes 	Here comes the more and the most of our collection of parisan properties. High celling, high quality of the remodeling and design... everything is in this property located in the best quarter of Paris ! Quiet, high ceilings, light, windows, wood flooring, kitchen-equipped, 3 bathrooms with tubs and / or walk-in shower, quality bedding in 5 bedrooms, items and furnitures created by designers , terrace ... certainly the 250m2 of this triplex apartment will only leave you breathless. Composed of 3 distinct areas, each square inch of this place has been redesigned and renovated with care and precision that can not be found too rarely in Paris ... That's why, first of all, we would like to thank the owner Elvire, her architect and teams who worked with heart and soul into creating this place. Hope that we will be able to find the words to describe feelings and excitation created by this amazing place. First, could you please imagine a small private street which looks like an elbow and makes
23232	lumineux, spacieux, calme, très propre et tout confort. 	Proche de la place de l'étoile et de l'arc de triomphe se trouve la villa Duret dans laquelle est ce charmant appartement de 80m2.  Situé plein sud et au 6em étage avec ascenseur, vous profiterez d'une belle luminosité et d'un calme agréable. lumineux, spacieux, calme, très propre et tout confort. accès à la totalité de l'appartement. (80m2: 2 chambres avec deux lits doubles, salle de bain avec baignoire et fenêtre, cuisine tout équipée, grand salon avec télé et wifi. + WC indépendant. une rue commerçante et calme, proche des métros et bus.  à deux pas de la place de l'étoile, des champs Elysées, du Trocadéro... Métro ligne 1 arrêt argentine ou porte Maillot ainsi que la ligne 2 arrêt place Victor Hugo.  De nombreux bus. gardien dans l'immeuble et accès sécurisé.
23233		super studio de 39m , moderne , equiper d'un canaper lit pour deux personne , meuble moderne , television , cuisine moderne , bureau , entierment equiper , micro onde , chauffage , entierment bien equiper a deux minute de la tour eifel 
23234	Plus de photos disponibles sur demande More pictures available on demand	Très bel appartement de standing dans l'un des arrondissements les plus prestigieux de Paris. Beautiful apartment in a very high-end and central location. Plus de photos disponibles sur demande More pictures available on demand WIFI - TV (cable) - Cuisine équipée (furnished kitchen) 
23235	My apartment is the perfect place to discover the main tourist spots in Paris! It is located in central and safe neighborhood,  8min walk from the Trocadero, 15min walk from Eiffel Tower. This 35m2 apartment is located on the 6th floor (with 2 elevators), in a very quiet, green and bright environment. The apartment has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accommodate up to 3-4 people : ONE TWO PERSON BED, 1 PERSON BED (COMFORTABLE FUTON) & 1 FOR A KID 1m42 (A COUCH). Internet (wireless), washing machine, fridge, microwave oven, are available. In the area, there are many shops, restaurants, bars, groceries, shopping mall with international well-known brands. If you want to go jogging or go for a walk, the garden of the Ranelagh is 5 min walk from the apartment! 3 tube lines are close to the apartment: Trocadero or Passy Line 6 (direct line to the Montparnasse area), Muette line 9 (Champs Elysées, Opéra, Oberkampf, ...). Many bus lines are also available. Should you have any que	Pretty Flat in Paris. Lot of light, silence and good vibes!  My apartment is the perfect place to discover the main tourist spots in Paris! It is located in central and safe neighborhood,  8min walk from the Trocadero, 15min walk from Eiffel Tower. This 35m2 apartment is located on the 6th floor (with 2 elevators), in a very quiet, green and bright environment. The apartment has all the necessary equipment and facilities to accommodate up to 3-4 people : ONE TWO PERSON BED, 1 PERSON BED (COMFORTABLE FUTON) & 1 FOR A KID 1m42 (A COUCH). Internet (wireless), washing machine, fridge, microwave oven, are available. In the area, there are many shops, restaurants, bars, groceries, shopping mall with international well-known brands. If you want to go jogging or go for a walk, the garden of the Ranelagh is 5 min walk from the apartment! 3 tube lines are close to the apartment: Trocadero or Passy Line 6 (direct line to the Montparnasse area), Muette line 9 (Champs Elysées, Opéra, Oberkampf, ...
23236	Très bel appartement dans le 16ème arrondissement de paris, quartier calme et résidentiel à 5 minutes en métro de la tour eiffel par exemple, ou 15 minutes à pied. Métro jasmin au pied de l'appartement ainsi que bus qui emmènent dans le centre de paris. Trocadéro et tour Eiffel à 5 minutes en métro Sur la ligne 9 du métro qui emmène en 5 mn en plein centre de paris.  16ème, quartier très recherché et calme, résidentiel, très sécurisé.	Très bel appartement dans le 16ème arrondissement de paris, quartier calme et résidentiel à 5 minutes en métro de la tour eiffel par exemple, ou 15 minutes à pied. Métro jasmin au pied de l'appartement ainsi que bus qui emmènent dans le centre de paris. Trocadéro et tour Eiffel à 5 minutes en métro Sur la ligne 9 du métro qui emmène en 5 mn en plein centre de paris.  16ème, quartier très recherché et calme, résidentiel, très sécurisé. les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement Les voyageurs seront accueillis pour leur expliquer le fonctionnement de l'appartement le métro, les bus, les taxis, les vélib, les autolib, tout est au pied de l'immeuble. Les gares et aéroports ne sont pas loin.
23237	Chambre privée individuelle dans un appartement de 55 m2 au deuxième étage d'un  immeuble calme La chambre est meublée avec un lit de 140x200 cm, une table, deux chevets et une penderie. Sont à partager: - La cuisine avec lave vaisselle, micro onde, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, - la salle de bains avec baignoire et lave linge, La salle à manger est également à votre disposition aux heures de repas. La nuit tombée, je dormirai sur un canapé clic clac dans un coin du séjour. Le quartier de la Porte Maillot près des Sablons à Neuilly est calme et sécurisé avec de nombreux commerces et services de proximité (Palais des congrès, Cinémas,  restaurants, banques, jardin d'acclimatation, poste, alimentation, mode) L'appartement est desservi par la ligne 1 du métro (Arrêt Porte Maillot) qui vous mènera en deux stations sur les champs Élysées. A proximité se trouve également la navette pour l' aéroport Charles de Gaulle et les autobus pour l'aéroport de Beauvais.	Chambre privée individuelle dans un appartement de 55 m2 au deuxième étage d'un  immeuble calme La chambre est meublée avec un lit de 140x200 cm, une table, deux chevets et une penderie. Sont à partager: - La cuisine avec lave vaisselle, micro onde, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, - la salle de bains avec baignoire et lave linge, La salle à manger est également à votre disposition aux heures de repas. La nuit tombée, je dormirai sur un canapé clic clac dans un coin du séjour. Le quartier de la Porte Maillot près des Sablons à Neuilly est calme et sécurisé avec de nombreux commerces et services de proximité (Palais des congrès, Cinémas,  restaurants, banques, jardin d'acclimatation, poste, alimentation, mode) L'appartement est desservi par la ligne 1 du métro (Arrêt Porte Maillot) qui vous mènera en deux stations sur les champs Élysées. A proximité se trouve également la navette pour l' aéroport Charles de Gaulle et les autobus pour l'aéroport de Beauvais.
23238	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests(the couch can be transform into a bed). The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests(the couch can be transform into a bed). The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Peak Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique experience. *Check-In time: 3pm / Check-Out time: 10am  *Other times might be available depending on the previous guests check out and next guests check in t
23239		5mn de Paris 17ème à proximité de tous les commerces et transports. Loue T2 de 50m2, meubléParquet et moulures, très calme et lumineux. Immeuble Haussmannien. Accès Wifi, TV grand écran, Lave/ Sèche linge, cuisine équipée. Chambre avec 2 couchages.
23240	Au 3ème étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, à deux pas de la Place du Trocadéro, face à la Tour Eiffel, bel appartement avec parquet avec une entrée, un grand salon avec une bel table à manger et un canapé lit pour 2 personnes, 2 belles chambres, une grande salle de bain, une cuisine entièrement équipée avec four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, machine à café, lave-vaisselle, toaster. Machine à laver et climatisation aussi. Appartement parfaitement équipée pour séjourner à Paris.	A deux minutes du Trocadéro, face à la Tour Eiffel, en plein coeur du 16ème arrondissement, cet appartement familiale, avec ses deux belles chambres, son grand salon, sa cuisine équipée, est parfait pour séjourner à Paris. Pour 4 ou 6 personnes. Au 3ème étage d'un bel immeuble avec ascenseur, à deux pas de la Place du Trocadéro, face à la Tour Eiffel, bel appartement avec parquet avec une entrée, un grand salon avec une bel table à manger et un canapé lit pour 2 personnes, 2 belles chambres, une grande salle de bain, une cuisine entièrement équipée avec four, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, plaque de cuisson, machine à café, lave-vaisselle, toaster. Machine à laver et climatisation aussi. Appartement parfaitement équipée pour séjourner à Paris. Tout est à dispostion dans l'appartement : télévision, internet wifi, cuisine, etc... Je vous accueille moi-même à l'appartement. Situé à deux minutes de la Place du Trocadéro, au cœur du 16ème arrondissement, avec l'avenue Kléber et Victor Hugo à pr
23241	Travellers have access to all parts of the apartment. Building is secured as you need 2 codes to get in.  Whatever the type of reservation, I try to stay connected with travellers in my apartment via email or phone. Several little shops in the very close area : daily's, great bakery, butcher's, greengrocer, chicken rotisserie,... and bit further you have avenue Victor Hugo with its restaurants and fancy shops You have 3 close subway stations :  Rue de la pompe (Line 9),  Porte dauphine (Line 2) and Avenue Henri Martin (RER C - express train).	Large appartment close to the Champs Elysées and Trocadéro with a large main room and two large premium convertible double sofa beds in the living room. Calm and bourgeois neighbourhood. Travellers have access at all parts of the appartment.  Whatever the type of reservation, I try to stay connected with travellers in my appartment via email or phone. Several little shops in the very close area : daily's, great bakery, butcher's, greengrocer, chicken rotisserie,... and bit further you have avenue Victor Hugo with its restaurants and fancy shops You have 3 close subway stations : Rue de la pompe (Line 9) 650m, Porte dauphine (Line 2)700m and Avenue Henri Martin (RER C - express train) 210m
23242		Superbe Appartement de 70m² environ idéalement situé entre la place du Trocadero et la place de l'etoile.
23243	Your independant entrance door and garden make you feel as you were in a campaign house! Perfect to welcome four people you can relax in sunny garden  or enjoy the perfectly furnished interior.	Be Welcome with your garden where is your own entrance door as a very quiet sunny campaign house but so close to Eiffel tower Trocadero. Kingsize parents bed is on 1rst floor every space perfectly furnished antiquaries wood with quality WIFI  !    Your independant entrance door and garden make you feel as you were in a campaign house! Perfect to welcome four people you can relax in sunny garden  or enjoy the perfectly furnished interior. So famous Trocadero Place and Eiffel tower 5mn walk  I always do my best Very good place to visit all Paris Calm, breathy (less pollution because on west top of Paris) , luxury, sunny 4 metros : TROCADERO-RUE DE LA POMPE- PASSY- LA MUETTE 1 RER : BOULAINVILLIERS (direct to Versailles or Saint-Michel, or the great library) 1 BUS : 22 stop La tour (20 meters walk!) I cared about the biologic aspect of the apartment with soft paintings any synthetics (only silk and cotton) only real wood furnitures.
23244	Une studette pleine de charme dans un quartier typique Parisien. Tour Eiffel, Statue de la Liberté, Pont de Bir Hakeim, Trocadéro, Palais de Tokyo, Bois de Boulogne sont accessibles à pieds.  Idéal pour les touristes qui veulent découvrir le Paris des cartes postales.	Studette équipée de 14 m2. Agréable, lumineux (8e étage avec ascenseur) et avec une magnifique vue sur la tour Eiffel. Une studette pleine de charme dans un quartier typique Parisien. Tour Eiffel, Statue de la Liberté, Pont de Bir Hakeim, Trocadéro, Palais de Tokyo, Bois de Boulogne sont accessibles à pieds.  Idéal pour les touristes qui veulent découvrir le Paris des cartes postales. Vous avez accès à tout le logement. Le métro Passy, ligne 6, est à 3mn à pieds.
23245	This bedroom is part of a large 100m2 flat (with 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, 3 balconies) - in a modern building complex with lovely inner gardens all around. Very quiet and secure (concierge, 2 magnetic doors)!  Bed linen and towels provided. Access to the kitchen & dining area - with all necessary appliances and your private mini-fridge! Proximity to: Bois de Boulogne (huge park, lakes, jogging, horse races), Roland Garros (tennis), Parc des Princes (football matches, rock concerts), 10 min by bicycle to the Statue of Liberty and 20 min to the Eiffel Tower.	Spacious and bright double bedroom with a balcony and a private bathroom in a very quiet area with lovely inner gardens all around! An extra bed can be added for a child at no charge. Floor-to-ceiling windows with external shutters, wooden floor. This bedroom is part of a large 100m2 flat (with 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, 3 balconies) - in a modern building complex with lovely inner gardens all around. Very quiet and secure (concierge, 2 magnetic doors)!  Bed linen and towels provided. Access to the kitchen & dining area - with all necessary appliances and your private mini-fridge! Proximity to: Bois de Boulogne (huge park, lakes, jogging, horse races), Roland Garros (tennis), Parc des Princes (football matches, rock concerts), 10 min by bicycle to the Statue of Liberty and 20 min to the Eiffel Tower. Your own, private bathroom. Access to the fully equipped kitchen. Also access to living room if staying for a week or more. Free WIFI internet. Happy to provide advice on places to visit / th
23246	proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6 proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6 proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6	Studio au 6e etage avec ascenseur, bel immeuble.16m.Le studio est équipé d'une télé,internet, frigo,cuisine,salle de bain, wc et balcon.Très bien situé(métro passy), proche de la tour eiffel (5min a pied), dans un quartier très commerçant. proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6 proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6 proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6 proche Trocadero, tour eiffel, champs elysees Quartier commerçant metro passy ligne 6
23247	Small two-room apartment of 25m2 located rue Jouvenet - Near the Church of Auteuil and the Seine River, - In a very quiet street, - Close to three subway stations: Eglise d'Auteuil - Chardon Lagache - Michel-Ange-Molitor), RER (direct access to the Versailles Castle) and several bus lines, shops (grocers, post office, banks) The apartment is very calm and very clear, and it is located on the 7th floor with elevator. The flat is relatively small (25 m2) although well distributed: * A small entrance distributing: * A room with a single bed, * A lounge area with sofa bed easily transformable in bed for two people, from which you access: * A little kitchen * A shower room with WC. The price is the same for 1 to 3 (website hidden) with cable (website hidden) / DVD. Laundry. Sheets and towels provided.	Small two-room apartment of 25m2 located rue Jouvenet - Near the Church of Auteuil and the Seine River, - In a very quiet street, - Close to three subway stations: Eglise d'Auteuil - Chardon Lagache - Michel-Ange-Molitor), RER (direct access to the Versailles Castle) and several bus lines, shops (grocers, post office, banks) The apartment is very calm and very clear, and it is located on the 7th floor with elevator. The flat is relatively small (25 m2) although well distributed: * A small entrance distributing: * A room with a single bed, * A lounge area with sofa bed easily transformable in bed for two people, from which you access: * A little kitchen * A shower room with WC. The price is the same for 1 to 3 (website hidden) with cable (website hidden) / DVD. Laundry. Sheets and towels provided.
23248	Un salon et une salle à manger. Accès internet haut débit, Television 200 chaines, chaine stéréo, cuisine équipée, lave linge, lave vaisselle. 1 Chambre enfant 15m2 : 2 lits superposés 90/190. 1 chambre adulte : lit 140/190. Placard pour ranger les vêtements et valises. 1 salle de bain baignoire. 1 salle de douche. 2 toilettes. Possibilité de louer un parking en supplément.	Appartement très lumineux et calme, idéal pour une famille. Cuisine équipée, 1 lit double dans la chambre parentale, 2 lits superposés pour la chambre des enfants. 1 salle de bain. 1 salle de douche. Wifi. Câble. Metro et commerce à 2mn à pied. Parking possible Un salon et une salle à manger. Accès internet haut débit, Television 200 chaines, chaine stéréo, cuisine équipée, lave linge, lave vaisselle. 1 Chambre enfant 15m2 : 2 lits superposés 90/190. 1 chambre adulte : lit 140/190. Placard pour ranger les vêtements et valises. 1 salle de bain baignoire. 1 salle de douche. 2 toilettes. Possibilité de louer un parking en supplément. Rue de Passy et ses célèbres commerce à 5mn à pied.  Métro ligne 9 station Ranelagh à 1 minute à pied (Champs Élysée, Musée du Louvre, Galerie Lafayette). RER C station Boulainvilliers à 8 minutes à pied (Notre Dame, Musée d'Orsay Tous commerce en haut de la rue : boulanger, boucher, épicier, restaurants,...quartier très calme et bourgeois. Le bois de Boulogn
23249		120m2, 5ème étage. Chambres sur jardin au calme. Très clair. 2 sdb, 2wc, 1 chambre double, 2 simples. Quartier Victor Hugo, proche Etoile/ Trocadéro. Métro, bus à 3 mn. Cafés, restaurants, shopping, banques.... Parking facile. Nous sommes toujours ravis d'échanger avec les voyageurs! Mails, téléphone, sms... Très animé et sympathique, notre quartier permet de vivre à la parisienne! Proche du Trocadéro et de l'Etoile, il vous offre également de belles possibilités de shopping. Accessible très facilement en bus et métro. Station de taxis à 3mn à pieds.
23250		Very charming 50m2 Appartement in an old building in the Center of Paris 16ième. Close to Place Alma, rue Montaine and 50 m from the Seine with a renovated Interieur with bathroom, kitchen, a bedroom with king size bed and large living room.
23251	Quartier calme et agréableAppartement est neuf et de charme. Il est équipé d'une petite terrasse aménagée. 	Appartement dans le 16 eme arrondissement Lumineux et confortable. Internet. Cuisine équipé. Proximité Tour Eiffel, Bois de boulogne, palais de Tokyo, commerces de proximité, 5mins Métro Exelmans. Velib. Bus 72. Quartier calme. Accès direct Périphérique et autoroute. Proche aéroport Orly. Quartier calme et agréableAppartement est neuf et de charme. Il est équipé d'une petite terrasse aménagée. Internet Terrasse  Cuisine équipée Tv Bureau Métro  Velib Bus Oui, bien sur ! Pour conseiller sur les choses à faire  à Paris et ailleurs ! Restos, clubs, lieux , musées, parcs, événements... Le calme, la vue sur Tour Eiffel, le vélib sur les Quais. Le bois de boulogne et le centre Beaugrenelle. Facile. Bus direct châtelet. Métro 9. Velib 30 mins George V.
23252	L'appartement est composé :  - d'une entrée, avec une console, et un placard.  - d'un salon salle à manger, avec un canapé, une table pour prendre les repas, une jolie bibliothèque, une télé.... - d'une cuisine tout équipée avec un four, un microonde, une machine à café, un grille pain, un frigo/congélateur... - de deux belles chambres avec chacune leur salle de bain (douche et baignoire). Chacune des chambres dispose d'un grand lit 2 places ainsi que d'un dressing.  Le mobilier est moderne, entièrement neuf. L'immeuble est de grand standing, très sécurisé avec un gardien. 	L'appartement se situe à deux pas de la célèbre rue Montaigne, ainsi que de la Tour Eiffel, dans une résidence de très grand standing.  L'appartement, entièrement refait à neuf en 2014, est composé de deux chambres, avec chacune leur salle de bain.  L'appartement est composé :  - d'une entrée, avec une console, et un placard.  - d'un salon salle à manger, avec un canapé, une table pour prendre les repas, une jolie bibliothèque, une télé.... - d'une cuisine tout équipée avec un four, un microonde, une machine à café, un grille pain, un frigo/congélateur... - de deux belles chambres avec chacune leur salle de bain (douche et baignoire). Chacune des chambres dispose d'un grand lit 2 places ainsi que d'un dressing.  Le mobilier est moderne, entièrement neuf. L'immeuble est de grand standing, très sécurisé avec un gardien.  Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Vous pouvez nous contacter par mail ou par téléphone. Nous sommes très réactifs.  Le quartier est très chic et ré
23253		Un joli appartement de 35 m2, propre, lumineux, charmant dans le 16 Arrondissement prés de Tracadéro et champs Élysées: - Salon, salle à manger avec canapé lit - Cuisine équipée neuve - une chambre lit double - Salle de bain avec baignoire
23254	Appartement de 60 m2 situé à 10 min (en métro) du trocadéro et de la tour eiffel.  Bon standing avec terrasse orientée plein sud 1 chambre 1 séjour 1cuisine  couchage : 1 lit double + 1 canapé convertible (2 couchages) 	Appartement de 60 m2 situé à 10 min (en métro) du trocadéro et de la tour eiffel.  Bon standing avec terrasse orientée plein sud 1 chambre 1 séjour 1cuisine  couchage : 1 lit double + 1 canapé convertible (2 couchages) L'immeuble dispose d'un gardien disponible pendant toute la durée du séjour
23255	This elegant studio apartment is located in the historic Rue Agar, in the Auteuil-Passy area, 16th arrondissement. It is at a 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadéro. On the 1st floor without an elevator, it features a main room with a murphy bed, a convertible sofa, and an equipped kitchen. Perfect for a stay with your family or your friend ! This newly renovated studio of about 25 square meters (or 270 sq ft) includes a comfortable main room with a murphy bed (wall bed) (140x200 centimeters), a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a small dining table, a coffee table, and a TV.  The small kitchen is included in the living room with fridge, microwave, stove, coffee maker and drying washer. The bathroom includes 2 sinks, a shower, and toilet. Free internet in wi-fi is available in the apartment. 0n the 1st floor without an elevator, it is a quiet studio on the court side.  	This elegant studio apartment is located in the historic Rue Agar, in the Auteuil-Passy area, 16th arrondissement. It is at a 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadéro. Perfect for a fabulous stay in Paris ! This elegant studio apartment is located in the historic Rue Agar, in the Auteuil-Passy area, 16th arrondissement. It is at a 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadéro. On the 1st floor without an elevator, it features a main room with a murphy bed, a convertible sofa, and an equipped kitchen. Perfect for a stay with your family or your friend ! This newly renovated studio of about 25 square meters (or 270 sq ft) includes a comfortable main room with a murphy bed (wall bed) (140x200 centimeters), a convertible sofa (140x200 centimeters), a small dining table, a coffee table, and a TV.  The small kitchen is included in the living room with fridge, microwave, stove, coffee maker and drying washer. The bathroom includes 2 sinks, a shower, and toilet. Free internet 
23256	Spacieux, l'appartement dispose d'un confort unique.  Un style épuré et moderne idéal pour vos vacances en famille ou entre amis.  Quartier chic et calme, à 5 minutes à pieds pour vos promenade au Bois de Boulogne.	Bel appartement quartier Auteuil, proche tout commerces. A 10 min à peine de Roland Garros et du métro lignes 9 et 10. Très lumineux et confortable, immeuble haussmanien refait à neuf - 4eme étage avec ascenseur. Chambre lit double, canapé lit, cuisine toute équipée et salle de bain douche. Spacieux, l'appartement dispose d'un confort unique.  Un style épuré et moderne idéal pour vos vacances en famille ou entre amis.  Quartier chic et calme, à 5 minutes à pieds pour vos promenade au Bois de Boulogne. Ligne 9 (Michel- Ange Molitor) à 10 min de la Tour Eiffel et 20 min des Grands magasins. Ligne 10 (Porte d'Auteuil) à 15 min de Saint Germain des près. Bus 52 accessible en bas de l'appartement, direction quartier Opéra.  Subway Line 9 (Michel-Ange Molitor) or line 10 (Porte d'Auteuil).  Bus line 52 to Opéra Je serai au petit soin avec les voyageurs pour que leur séjour se passe au mieux. J'ai pour habitude de laisser 2 bouteilles de vin, des dosettes Nespresso pour la machine à café, et 
23257	Très propre Très claire Tout confort	Charmant T2 sur cours très calme en étage élevé avec balcon et belle pièce de vie Appartement climatisé Proche de Roland Garros Très propre Très claire Tout confort Métro ligne 9 Tous commerces de proximité  Proche de Roland Garros  Quartier sécurisé Métro bus
23258		Located in the heart of Paris (Iéna), with amazing Seine river and Eiffel tower view, between Trocadero and Champs-Elysee. The apartment has one separate bedroom, a huge bathroom with shower and bathtube, tv, internet and fully furnished kitchen.
23259	The apartment is extremely charming with its stucco ceilings and old wooden floor. It has a spacious entry, bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen, a big bathroom and a WC (totally 66 sq.m).  The big windows makes the apartment very light and there is a view over Paris roofs since the apartment is on 5th floor  The apartment is located at Avenue de la Grande Armée, and it is in the backyard and it is completely silent.  Wonderfully located, it is 2 minutes walking to the Arc du Triomphe and ten minutes walking distance to the Champs Elysees.	The apartment is extremely charming with its stucco ceilings and old wooden floor. It is 200 meter from the Arc de Triomph and extremely well located for having a great stay in Paris! The apartment is extremely charming with its stucco ceilings and old wooden floor. It has a spacious entry, bedroom, a living room with an open kitchen, a big bathroom and a WC (totally 66 sq.m).  The big windows makes the apartment very light and there is a view over Paris roofs since the apartment is on 5th floor  The apartment is located at Avenue de la Grande Armée, and it is in the backyard and it is completely silent.  Wonderfully located, it is 2 minutes walking to the Arc du Triomphe and ten minutes walking distance to the Champs Elysees. The neighborhood is a residential area but it is also very commercial. On Aveue Victor Hugo you will find cafés, restaurants, shops, etc... Everything you need for your every day neeeds is close to the apartment: supermarkets, bakeries, a lovely food and the live
23260	Note : Am traveling end of this week and doing a special offer for 15 days (May 15th to May 30th) : 40 euros / night instead of 60 euros. After this period of 15 days, back to the normal rate of 60 euros. - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - Main double bed for 2 adults - And a big sofa bed for 1-2 persons  - Very beautiful and safe building in Paris 16e (premium area in Paris) - At least 3-4 bakeries for fresh bread and croissants around the corner,  - 5 Supermarkets at 1 min walking distance - Farmers markets at 2 mins walking distance (3 times weekly Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday) - Lots of restaurants and Cafés around -  Lots of greeneries and parks, excellent for walking and running	- Lovely, comfortable, in Paris 16e - Walk: Seine River 2 mins, Eiffel Tower 15 mins,  - Transport: Very Convenient: Metro, Bus, Tramway, RER Trains  - Best location: Parisian and quiet lifestyle - Enjoy the fashion and gastronomy capital city! Note : Am traveling end of this week and doing a special offer for 15 days (May 15th to May 30th) : 40 euros / night instead of 60 euros. After this period of 15 days, back to the normal rate of 60 euros. - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - Main double bed for 2 adults - And a big sofa bed for 1-2 persons  - Very beautiful and safe building in Paris 16e (premium area in Paris) - At least 3-4 bakeries for fresh bread and croissants around the corner,  - 5 Supermarkets at 1 min walking distance - Farmers markets at 2 mins walking distance (3 times weekly Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday) - Lots of restaurants and Cafés around -  Lots of greeneries and parks, excellent for walking and running Very beautify and large Kitchen Very beautiful and large Bathroom (E
23261		Located in the heart of the 16th arrondissement, this charming room in a typical Parisian flat will make you feel like home.
23262	Unique location near Métro 6 , 9 and REC C . Few minutes from Champs Elysées. Direct bus to Opéra. Great Balcony , where you can have breakfast in spring & summer and smoke !	Cozy apartment near the famous street of Passy , ideally located near M6 / 9 and RER C .  Less than 10 minutes from Champs Elysées by bus 22. A lot of famous restaurants and famous sites are just few minutes away . Unique location near Métro 6 , 9 and REC C . Few minutes from Champs Elysées. Direct bus to Opéra. Great Balcony , where you can have breakfast in spring & summer and smoke ! Breakfast & towels & Shampoo I will welcome you when you arrive , and I'm always happy to give you tips and share spots with you :) Very Chic typical Parisian Quartier Line 9 La Muette Line 6 Trocadéro / Passy RERC C La Muette Bus 22/53
23263	Just next to the Champs Elysées, Avenue Foch, and the Université Paris Dauphine! Very easy access to transportation, shops, and gyms. Parking space rental is possible!  In a secure building, with a concierge and an elevator, this one-bedroom apartment is a perfect pied--à-terre. Whether you're staying for work or leisure, you'll love the comfort and centrality this apartment has to offer.  At approximately 60 m², it features a long entry hall with ambiance lighting, a sunny living room overlooking a garden, a separate fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a queen bed, and a bathroom with bath/shower combination and a separate WC.  Available immediately and fully equipped with linens, towels, dishes, and appliances! 	1 BR, 1BTH, lots of space, in excellent condition! Just next to the Champs Elysées, Avenue Foch, and the Université Paris Dauphine! Very easy access to transportation, shops, and gyms.
23264	3 room apartment (65m2) consists of a spacious living room (living room/ dining room) with two large windows and high ceilings. A large room, a kitchen and a bathroom with a large shower. Fully equipped with large flat screen, wifi, washing machine. Kitchen : oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, stove.	In the chic 16th arrondissement, a beautiful, comfortable and authentic Parisian apartment (parquet floor and ceiling moldings), perfect for a couple ! 3 room apartment (65m2) consists of a spacious living room (living room/ dining room) with two large windows and high ceilings. A large room, a kitchen and a bathroom with a large shower. Fully equipped with large flat screen, wifi, washing machine. Kitchen : oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, stove. Closed to all commerce, Parc des Princes, Stade Jean Bouin, Roland Garros, Bois de Boulogne and Champs Elysées Avenue. yes It is a residential district, chic and safe with a fabulous market (tuesday, thursday and sunday) Subway : Line 9 and 10 Bus : Line 75 and PC1
23265		Studio en plein Paris lumineux et refait a neuf ! situé au dernier étage d'un Immeuble Haussmannien avec ascenseur vous êtes a deux pas de l'avenue Mozart ou encore du Metro Jasmin et Michel-Ange Auteuil. Cafés, terrasses et commerces a 1 minute !
23266	In the top floor, the flat is luminous and quiet, with a large balcony where it is possible to eat.  There are two fitness machines at your disposal A 2-person shower in a modern bathroom Fully equipped kitchen	Brand new and fully equiped apartment in the 4 stations from Eiffel Tower and on the main line to Galeries Lafayettes, Champs Elysees, Opera... The apartment is 28 meter square and has a fully equiped kitchen and bathroom In the top floor, the flat is luminous and quiet, with a large balcony where it is possible to eat.  There are two fitness machines at your disposal A 2-person shower in a modern bathroom Fully equipped kitchen I am at your disposal should you have any resquest or need any information The area is like a village, big green spaces in the area, authentic shops, fresh products markets Chardon Lagache line 10 Michel Ange Molitor line 9
23267	Appartement avec vues dégagée ouest, comprenant: entrée, séjour avec canapé convertible et salle à manger, chambre avec grand lit 160x200, dressing avec placards, salle de bain balnéo avec bidet, cuisine équipée (four, plaques vitro céramique, micro onde, lave vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge séparés, grand réfrigérateur et congélateur, tablette petit déjeuné). Possibilité déjeuné sur balcon.	Mo. Henry Martin/Pompe, 2 pièces, 50m2. Calme et confortable. Immeuble moderne de standing avec gardien, 8eme étage, 2 ascenseurs, balcon 10m2, vues dégagée ouest, cuisine equipees, internet ADSL et telephone. Parking possible. Commerce a proximite. Appartement avec vues dégagée ouest, comprenant: entrée, séjour avec canapé convertible et salle à manger, chambre avec grand lit 160x200, dressing avec placards, salle de bain balnéo avec bidet, cuisine équipée (four, plaques vitro céramique, micro onde, lave vaisselle, lave linge et sèche linge séparés, grand réfrigérateur et congélateur, tablette petit déjeuné). Possibilité déjeuné sur balcon. Acces aux transport en communs facil:  Acces aux transport en commun facile: bus 93, metro ligne 9: Rue de la Pompe et RER C: Henri Martin. Acces aux commerces de proximite: boulangerie, nettoyeurs, super marchers et La Poste. Quartier calme, proche Bois de Boulogne et commerces. Bus: PC1 et 63. Metro ligne 9: Rue de la Pompe et RER C: Henri Martin
23268		Appartement dans un bel immeuble  à  Paris 16eme, proche Parc des Princes, Tour Eiffel, Trocadero. Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine, salle de bain pour 2 (website hidden), WIFI. Proche tous commerces. Accès :  2min du metro, des bus et taxi
23269	50M², 2 rooms , kitchen fully equiped. Cable TV , Internet / Wifi. Wood flooring . Bathroom with shower. great decor	Superb apartment fully equipped, calm and clear overlooking a courtyard. Two steps from the Champs Elysees and Trocadero  One  station from the Arc de Triomphe 50M², 2 rooms , kitchen fully equiped. Cable TV , Internet / Wifi. Wood flooring . Bathroom with shower. great decor Entire apartment Emails anytime Arc de triomphe, trocadero, bois de boulogne. Shopping district Subway 100 m no
23270	Studio 20 m², fifth floor. Living room, seperated kitchen and bathroom. Placed in the middle of the 16th district, the square of Trocadero is at 3 minutes by foot. The Champs Elysées are at 10 minutes. You can walk to the subway, line 6 and 9 (station : Trocadero). Ideal for 1/2 people, the studio has a sofa bed for two person, and a single bed. Access to TV (110 cm) and Wifi. Contact me in French or English	Charming studio of 20sqm located in a beautiful Parisian building on the 5th floors with elevator. Sleeps two in a quiet street just 1 minute from the esplanade of the Trocadero. Ideal for a business trip or vacation getaway. Studio 20 m², fifth floor. Living room, seperated kitchen and bathroom. Placed in the middle of the 16th district, the square of Trocadero is at 3 minutes by foot. The Champs Elysées are at 10 minutes. You can walk to the subway, line 6 and 9 (station : Trocadero). Ideal for 1/2 people, the studio has a sofa bed for two person, and a single bed. Access to TV (110 cm) and Wifi. Contact me in French or English
23271	With modern and unique fixtures and fittings, this apartment is a masterpiece, the perfect Parisian getaway. It opens with a large 50 square meters reception salon, where you can enjoy the company of friends and family and endless evenings of entertainment or simply relax on the italian leather sofa as you make use of the large flat screen TV(cable/internet/wifi/DVD). Nearby you will find modern fully-equipped and independent kitchen (washer, dryer, dishwasher, kitchen utensils, Nespresso coffee machine included). 	Luxury 3 Bedroom Apartment in Paris 16th arrondissement (Village d'Auteuil) Start your trip to Paris off in style with a stay in our luxury unit. This beautiful and modern 140 square meters apartment with marble floor is located on Rue D'auteuil With modern and unique fixtures and fittings, this apartment is a masterpiece, the perfect Parisian getaway. It opens with a large 50 square meters reception salon, where you can enjoy the company of friends and family and endless evenings of entertainment or simply relax on the italian leather sofa as you make use of the large flat screen TV(cable/internet/wifi/DVD). Nearby you will find modern fully-equipped and independent kitchen (washer, dryer, dishwasher, kitchen utensils, Nespresso coffee machine included).  This is the perfect place to do some shopping, to discover Paris, or to play tennis on the grounds of Roland Garros, jogging/walking, biking in the Bois de Boulogne or swimming in the new famous Parisian swimming pool Molitor (5 star
23272	High ceilings and large windows give a unique spacious feeling to the 40m2 flat.	"The flat located in a family held building is bright, cosy and calm. High ceilings. Furnished with a mix of designer's and wooden furniture gathered during my travels around the world. Walking distance to Champs-Elysées & Trocadéro. Fully equipped. High ceilings and large windows give a unique spacious feeling to the 40m2 flat. A bicycle is going to be available next for guests. Please note there are Velib' (bicycle sharing, self service) and Autolib' (electrical car sharing, self service) at 5 minutes walking distance. I will be glad to offer you tips to enhance your Parisian stay. Just ask please. English, French and Persian spoken. You will be staying in a calm and ""Bourgeois"" neighborhood off the Champs-Elysées. You can also walk to Trocadéro for Eiffel Tower sight-seeing (10min), or to Place de l'Étoile (5min). You are also less than 10 minutes walk from Avenue Foch, great for jogging. Or less than 10 minutes drive from Bois de Boulogne and its lakes for a nice walk in the parc. A"
23273	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Artist parisian luxury style, very luminous, the flat is 80m2 and can welcome comfortably 2 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments, ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable sofa. There are two separates rooms with a confortable double bed in each room, but only one is available. There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building on 2nd floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels. Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Charming flat in the heart of Paris few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Best and the safest area, parisian shopping street, Palais de Tokyo, Quai Branly museum, Grand Palais, Guimet museum, Marine national museum are all in the neighbourhood, maximum 10 minutes on foot. 3 minutes from the metro Charming apartment in the heart of Paris few minute walking to the Eiffel Tower. Artist parisian luxury style, very luminous, the flat is 80m2 and can welcome comfortably 2 persons adults. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a batch, toilets), a kitchen equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, kitchen equipments, ...)  The living space is furnished with TV, a large confortable sofa. There are two separates rooms with a confortable double bed in each room, but only one is available. There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building on 2nd floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed she
23274	"Beautiful typical parisian style apartment perfectly located to move in Paris, 3 minutes walk to metro, bus, Velib, Autolib, ring road exit Porte d'Auteuil. Very near to Roland Garros, the Bois de Boulogne. Clear view,bright and quiet. Completely renovated in late 2012. "" ""Très bel appartement typiquement parisien , idéalement situé pour bouger dans Paris ; 3 minutes à pied de métro, bus, vélib, autolib, sortie périphérique Porte d'Auteuil. Proche Roland Garros, bois de Boulogne. Vue dégagée, très lumineux et calme. Entièrement rénové fin 2012""."	"Beautiful typical parisian style apartment perfectly located to move in Paris, 3 minutes walk to metro, bus, Velib, Autolib, ring road exit Porte d'Auteuil. Very near to Roland Garros, the Bois de Boulogne. Clear view,bright and quiet. Completely renovated in late 2012. "" ""Très bel appartement typiquement parisien , idéalement situé pour bouger dans Paris ; 3 minutes à pied de métro, bus, vélib, autolib, sortie périphérique Porte d'Auteuil. Proche Roland Garros, bois de Boulogne. Vue dégagée, très lumineux et calme. Entièrement rénové fin 2012""."
23275		The place where I live is quiet and chic, well deserved, close metro, several bus, among them,one which drives on every famous place of Paris. We can see the Eiffel tower from the street. It is very close the Paris SG Stadium and Tennis French Open.
23276	 This studio of 37 square meters was renovated in September 2014. It is located on the first floor. The kitchen is fully equipped for you to cook and dine in this studio. We provide you with commodities for you to cook: coffee maker, electric kettle, plates, refrigerator, cooking utensils. There is a two double beds (linens are provided) and several chairs. We provide you with extra blankets. The bathroom has a bathtub, sink and toilet. You will find soap, bath towels (one per guest for the entire stay). There are also cleaning products for the studio: cleaning products, vacuum cleaner, sponge, mop ... This studio has WIFI. Also there is a flat-screen TV that we just installed. There above the cable, so you can access about 200 French and international channels. We provide guides to Paris, useful information about the area and the many museums of the city. There are also books and comics. The apartment is in perfect condition, we provide home products such as mini shampoos, towels. We 	Welcoming, modern and comfortable, this studio of 37 m² is equipped with a fully equipped kitchen and a functional bathroom with bath. This studio offers everything needed for a comfortable stay. This studio of 37 square meters was renovated in September 2014. It is located on the first floor. The kitchen is fully equipped for you to cook and dine in this studio. We provide you with commodities for you to cook: coffee maker, electric kettle, plates, refrigerator, cooking utensils. There is a two double beds (linens are provided) and several chairs. We provide you with extra blankets. The bathroom has a bathtub, sink and toilet. You will find soap, bath towels (one per guest for the entire stay). There are also cleaning products for the studio: cleaning products, vacuum cleaner, sponge, mop ... This studio has WIFI. Also there is a flat-screen TV that we just installed. There above the cable, so you can access about 200 French and international channels. We provide guides to Paris, usef
23277	"Spacious, calm, newly renovated 50 m2 1 bedroom-apartment near Eiffel Tower and Maison de Radio France, in the chic area of Paris. Experience the Parisian"" bourgeoisie"" life: the apartment is located in a residential neighborhood of Paris 16, away from the crowdie Eiffel Tower area. It is a 1 bedroom apartment with a view on the courtyard, very calm. A large living-dining room : a big dinning table, a comfortable sofa bed that could provide 2 sleeps in the living room, a flat TV screen.  A comfortable bedroom with a double bed (140x190) and a large dressing.  A nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer, a dishwasher and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, kettle, etc.).  A separated bathroom with a bathtub, laundry machine. Lovely black and white separated toilets. Provided :  - Unlimited WIFI internet access provided in the whole apartment.  - bed sheets, towels and shampoo/shower gel. Neighborhood:  The apartment is"	"Spacious, calm, newly renovated 50 m2 1 bedroom-apartment near Eiffel Tower and Maison de Radio France, in the chic area of Paris. Experience the Parisian"" bourgeoisie"" life: the apartment is located in a residential neighborhood of Paris 16, away from the crowdie Eiffel Tower area. It is a 1 bedroom apartment with a view on the courtyard, very calm. A large living-dining room : a big dinning table, a comfortable sofa bed that could provide 2 sleeps in the living room, a flat TV screen.  A comfortable bedroom with a double bed (140x190) and a large dressing.  A nice fully equipped kitchen with 4 cooktops, one micro-wave oven, a fridge, a freezer, a dishwasher and all the necessary appliances for your meals (coffee machine, kettle, etc.).  A separated bathroom with a bathtub, laundry machine. Lovely black and white separated toilets. Provided :  - Unlimited WIFI internet access provided in the whole apartment.  - bed sheets, towels and shampoo/shower gel. Neighborhood:  The apartment is"
23278		Charming small two rooms comfortable five minutes from the Eiffel tower.  Located in the Auteuil district with the metro just next. A small room with a double bed and double bed sofa in the lounge. There is aslo a sunny garden.
23279	This fully furnished and equipped 120 sqm apartment inside Paris has both a 90 sqm garden and a 30 sqm terrace	"Recently renovated flat with a garden and a terrace in the very quiet north-east of the XVIth district of Paris. Close to public transports, museums and shops. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, can accommodate 4 adults and 2 kids This fully furnished and equipped 120 sqm apartment inside Paris has both a 90 sqm garden and a 30 sqm terrace Guests will have access to the whole apartment, garden and terrace as well as to the gym located in the building This is a very quiet and high-end neighborhood inside Paris with plenty of shops (food and clothe)s nearby (a permanent and covered market, 2 supermarkets, all the main fashion retailers, 2 shopping malls on rue de Passy and a delicious and very-convenient deep-frozen food shop in the building itself) The building is 200 meters away from the ""La Muette"" tube station, on the very convenient line 9 and very close to major buses routes The bed size are: room 1 180x200 cm; room2 120x190 cm; kids' room 60x120 cm and 60x120 cm+ if needed 90 x 180 cm (couc"
23280		Chambre dans un appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces, situé derrière la Maison de Radio France, 95 m2 près de l'ancienne Maison de Balzac, d'un immeuble considéré comme un joyau architectural  . Quartier bourgeois calme et sécurisé
23281		Cet appartement duplex de 180M2 avec 3 chambres est conçu comme une maison tourné vers le jardin de 250m2, avec un balcon de 20m2 et une terrasse de 30m2. Le jardin accueille un trampoline, une aire de jeux, un barbecue et même un hamac...
23282	Comme une petite maison individuelle en rez-de-chaussée l'appartement est idéalement situé dans le 8ème arrondissement proche de la très fameuse avenue des Champs Elysées et de la très chic Avenue Montaogne. Grand hauteur sous plafond, lumineux, finitions d'architecte, confortable et douillet. Il offre une pièce principale avec lit double (160x200), un espace séjour   avec canapé lit (130x200), une mezzanine avec lit double (140x200). Cuisine équipée et salle de douche avec toilettes. Il est très fonctionnel et décoré avec soin, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous.	Chic et fonctionnel ce 46m2 de 2 pièces + mezzanine donne sur une impasse calme au cœur du très luxueux et animé quartier Alma-George V- Av Montaigne tout proche des champs Elysées.  Il offre 2 lits doubles + 1 canapé lit.  Proche métro et bus. Comme une petite maison individuelle en rez-de-chaussée l'appartement est idéalement situé dans le 8ème arrondissement proche de la très fameuse avenue des Champs Elysées et de la très chic Avenue Montaogne. Grand hauteur sous plafond, lumineux, finitions d'architecte, confortable et douillet. Il offre une pièce principale avec lit double (160x200), un espace séjour   avec canapé lit (130x200), une mezzanine avec lit double (140x200). Cuisine équipée et salle de douche avec toilettes. Il est très fonctionnel et décoré avec soin, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous. Vous disposez de tout l'appartement, 3 couchages doubles, cuisine et salle de douche. Attention le canapé-lit offre une largeur de couchage de 132cm, ce qui risque d'être un peu étroit
23283	This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a twentieth century building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. The apartment features Wengé parquet floors, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffe-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets. Wirelless Internet access and a flat screen TV with international cable channels is available. The street-side apartment is exposed Northwest. Please note that the toilet is electric.	This furnished studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a twentieth century building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. This 14 m2 furnished studio apartment is located in the Auteuil area in Paris. It is on the seventh floor of a twentieth century building with elevator and coded system. An on-site superintendent is available. The apartment features Wengé parquet floors, double-gazed windows and a closet. A washer is at your disposal. Amenities of the kitchen include a microwave and electric hotplates. The apartment is fully equipped (coffe-machine, boiler, toaster, iron, iron table, ......etc). There is a fully marbled and mirored  bathroom with toilets. Wirelless Internet access and a flat screen TV with international cable channels is available. The street-side apartment is exposed Northwest. Please note that the toilet is electric. Guest will have access to the entire apartment. I would be happy to
23284	Apartment located in the heart of the 16th district just 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Spacious, bright (two floor to ceiling windows) with furnished living room (sofa bed), separate kitchen, furnished room and dressing room, bathroom and storage.	2-room flat located in the heart of Paris 16th, just 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and Champs-Elysees.  Spacious, bright with furnished living room, separate kitchen, furnished room and dressing room, bathroom.  Ideal for short-stay in Paris ! Apartment located in the heart of the 16th district just 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Spacious, bright (two floor to ceiling windows) with furnished living room (sofa bed), separate kitchen, furnished room and dressing room, bathroom and storage.
23285	comfort, luminosity, transport facilities, exceptional situation in paris 2 bedrooms, each with a double bed and a bathroom. 1 bedroom with a single bed and a shower No bed in the living room. A baby bed could be added in one bedroom	Ideally located in  Passy area near Eiffel tower. 100 meters fom the river Seine. Between Bir-hakeim and Grenelle Bridges. 115M2 modern apartment, an amazing large and lightfull livingroom.3 bedrooms,3 bathrooms, fully equiped kitchen.Parking option. comfort, luminosity, transport facilities, exceptional situation in paris 2 bedrooms, each with a double bed and a bathroom. 1 bedroom with a single bed and a shower No bed in the living room. A baby bed could be added in one bedroom All facilities are accessible. Full equiped kitchen and all useful accessories.Internet TV. No animals. Parking option if needed This  is our family appartment that we leave to allow visitors to come. We wrote many useful informations available in the appartment. A friend will welcome visitors.  And will be pleased to exchange by mail or phone.  Pleasant walk to eiffel tower and trocadero. Do shoping in a new and luxury shoping center in beaugrenelle shoping center or in rue de passy.Discover Nice local market
23286		Charmante Wohnung in bester Lage mit Aussicht ueber die Daecher von Paris. Schoener Altbau in typisch Pariser Stil. In unmittelbarer Naehe der Champs Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, Eiffelturm sowie Restaurants und Geschaeften. Moderne gemuetl. Ausstattg.
23287	The apartment itself is a part of a building which is an unique 1907's French architecture. A typical Parisian neighborhood. Walking distant from  Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, the banks of the river Seine, arc de triumph, champs elysees, musee du quai branly.	This is a SHARED and SMALL apartment, which means you will SHARE it with us during your stay. But on the plus side, it is located at the best place from touristic piont of view. 4 mins walking distance to Eiffel tower and Trocadero. The apartment itself is a part of a building which is an unique 1907's French architecture. A typical Parisian neighborhood. Walking distant from  Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, the banks of the river Seine, arc de triumph, champs elysees, musee du quai branly. You will have access to the whole apartment.  You will be sleeping on the double bed (mezzanine).  We are a young couple and live together. May be we will have the morning coffee together before we go to work. In the evening you may tell us your discoveries and experience of the day. However we will be sleeping on the sofa bed, so there will be some casual interaction ( Nothing to worry, We don't bite ;) ) Would you prefer to sit down in a garden after your dinner with a glass of french wine and watch the 
23288	70 sq , 2nd floor, no lift. One large bedroom with king size bed (160cm) & small bedroom with 2 beds (80/200cm)  Shower room with heated towel rail. Sitting room /dinning room with balcony, decorative chimney, very big dressing room where you can leave all your suitcases, clothes etc... The kitchen is well equipped, dishwasher, oven, microwave, washingmachine. The appartement was modernised this summer for a family member.	Charming  sunny apartment situated in the chic 16th area, 70 sq meters,  newly equipped, beds, machines etc... Situated on 2nd floor of typically French pavilion designed by Adolphe Thiers, one of the architects of the Moulin Rouge. The building is separated from the road by a private path and is surrounded by gardens. A calm spot in the heart of Paris and ideal base for sightseeing.  Buses & metros to Champs Elysées, Latin quarter & train direct to Château de Versailles 70 sq , 2nd floor, no lift. One large bedroom with king size bed (160cm) & small bedroom with 2 beds (80/200cm)  Shower room with heated towel rail. Sitting room /dinning room with balcony, decorative chimney, very big dressing room where you can leave all your suitcases, clothes etc... The kitchen is well equipped, dishwasher, oven, microwave, washingmachine. The appartement was modernised this summer for a family member. All access I have a lot of information regarding Paris, maps, plans, restaurants... Don't hesitat
23289	Le logement est ideal avec un beau volume pour un salon clair et calme, une partie chambre donnant sur une cour au calme. L'appartement est meublé dans un style raffiné et danois, avec un parquet blanc donnant tout son charme	"Cet appartement de 90 m2 dans un trés beau style Haussman, au ""eme étage donnat vue dur les arbres et au calme, est idélaement situé, a 2 min de la seine, Maison de la Radio et d'un magnifique centre commercial Beaugrenelle et a 10 min de Passy . Le logement est ideal avec un beau volume pour un salon clair et calme, une partie chambre donnant sur une cour au calme. L'appartement est meublé dans un style raffiné et danois, avec un parquet blanc donnant tout son charme Acces a la chambre parentale . Nous pouvons accorder notre aide pour tous renseignements aux voyageurs Le quartier est idéalement situé entre la seine et la place Rodin. Le quartier est reconnu par sa fameuse architecture Gaymard. Le quartier est calme et boisé avec de nombreux parcs autour . ( 10 min en voiture du bois de Boulogne). De nombreux us ( station 22 en bas de l'immeuble , 52, 62, 72), RER C Maison de la radio, station de metro: Jasmin ou Ranelagh"
23290	Studio moderne, plein de lumière, & comfortable pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. WIFI, cuisine équipée, machine à laver/sécher, salle de bain avec baignoire.. tout cela a 5minutes à pied des Champs Élysées. 	"Studio spacieux sur la plus belle avenue de Paris. Studio moderne, plein de lumière, & comfortable pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. WIFI, cuisine équipée, machine à laver/sécher, salle de bain avec baignoire.. tout cela a 5minutes à pied des Champs Élysées. Je serais disponible par e-mail et vous transmettrais des contacts Parisiens si vous avez besoin d'aide durant votre séjour. Sur une des plus belles avenue de Paris, a quelques pas de la Place Victor Hugo. À 5 minutes à pied des Métros ""Victor Hugo"" et ""Porte Dauphine"". À 7 minutes à pied du RER ""Avenue Foch"". À 10 minutes à pied du Métros ""Porte Maillot"" et ""Porte Dauphine"". À 15 minutes à pied du Métros ""Kléber"" et ""Charles De Gaulle-Étoile""."
23291	Studio spacieux, lumineux, au 1 er par escalier ou ascenceur	studio déco, clair et calme. Pour 2 personnes ou couple avec enfant. À deux pas du métro La Muette, des jardins du Ranelagh et des belles boutiques de la rue de Passy Delhi market ouvert tous les jours jusqu'à 22h,au coin de la rue. Studio spacieux, lumineux, au 1 er par escalier ou ascenceur Cuisine équipée, avec four frigo plaques, lave vaisselle, machine à cafè, toaster, micro ondes Salle de douche avec Wc et lave linge Fer à repasser, sèchoir,planche â repasser 1 lit  pour 2 personnes  1 canapè lit pour 1 adultes ou 2 enfants. Télé Au moment de la remise des clés,je donnerai des explications sur le fonctionnement et régles du logement.ainsi qu' un plan de Paris. Ses parcs, activités pour les enfants,, picnic et animations dans le parc Wifi gratuite dans le parc ds jardins du Ranelagh, à 5 mn à pieds Delhi l'arrêt, ouvert tous les jours Traiteurs libanais, italien, et le fameux restaurant ´ la Gare ´, à proximité Shopping tendance et magasins dēco À 250m  du mètro la muette, ligne 9
23292		Cosy apartement for 3 people. Fully furnished perfect for a short stay in Paris. Very well located next to all touristic places: 2 min walk from Arc de Triomphe and champs elysees.
23293	Die Wohnung liegt in dem feinsten, saubersten und sichersten Stadtviertel von Paris., dem 16. Arrondissement und wird nur an max. 2 Personen min. 4 Nächte vermietet. Sie liegt zum Innenhof eines Altbaus und man kann hier nach einem langen Tag Sightseeing die absolute Ruhe geniessen. Alle Fenster sind zusätzlich mit einem elektrischen Rolladen versehen. Ein Aufzug bringt Sie in die 4. Etage eines renovierten Altbaus. Die Wohnung bietet jeden Komfort, gemütliche Sitzgelegenheiten, ein grosses Doppelbett, einen offenen Küchenbereich. Die Küche ist eine Markenküche und es stehen alle Geräte und Geschirr zu Verfügung, um sich selber zu verpflegen. Eine Waschmaschine mit integriertem Trockner kann ebenfalls genutzt werden. In der Wohnung wurden nur hochwertige Materialen verwandt, 3 fach verglaste Fenster, die Böden sind mit Parkett ausgestattet. Kaffee und Wasser stehen bei Ankunft für die Gäste bereit. Sollte irgendetwas fehlen besorgen wir es gerne.  	Die Wohnung liegt in dem feinsten, saubersten und sichersten Stadtviertel von Paris., dem 16. Arrondissement und wird nur an max. 2 Personen min. 4 Nächte vermietet. Sie liegt zum Innenhof eines Altbaus und man kann hier nach einem langen Tag Sightseeing die absolute Ruhe geniessen. Alle Fenster sind zusätzlich mit einem elektrischen Rolladen versehen. Ein Aufzug bringt Sie in die 4. Etage eines renovierten Altbaus. Die Wohnung bietet jeden Komfort, gemütliche Sitzgelegenheiten, ein grosses Doppelbett, einen offenen Küchenbereich. Die Küche ist eine Markenküche und es stehen alle Geräte und Geschirr zu Verfügung, um sich selber zu verpflegen. Eine Waschmaschine mit integriertem Trockner kann ebenfalls genutzt werden. In der Wohnung wurden nur hochwertige Materialen verwandt, 3 fach verglaste Fenster, die Böden sind mit Parkett ausgestattet. Kaffee und Wasser stehen bei Ankunft für die Gäste bereit. Sollte irgendetwas fehlen besorgen wir es gerne.  Die Wohnung ist eine Nichtraucherwohnu
23294		Ce logement est idéalement placé: à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, vous pourrez accédez très facilement aux monuments parisiens les plus grandioses. Très bien desservi: lignes de métro 6, 9, et 2. Lignes de métro 2, 6, et 9
23295		A quelques pas de la place du Trocadéro(300 m) ,dans un très bel immeuble pierre de taille ,magnifique appartement parisien de charme . comprenant entrée avec placards,cuisine ouverte sur séjour salon ,2 chambres,Sdb ,petite terrasse privative.
23296		Charmant studio de 28m2 dans le 16ème arrondissement, au calme et donnant sur coulée verte, orientation sud-est Quartier calme de Paris 16ème arrondissement, Métro Ranelagh
23297	Appartement spacieux pour 4 personnes. Un balcon et des chaises donne la chance de prendre l'apéritif sur le balcon donnant sur les jardins de l'immeuble. La literie est neuve. L'appartement est équipé de tout l'électroménager nécessaire à la préparation d'un repas ainsi que d'une machine à lavée. Le calme de cet appartement saura vous séduire. L'appartement est décoré par des tableaux et des bronzes.	A 5 minutes à pied de la Tour-Eiffel et 10 min des Champs-Elysées. Nombreux transports et brasserie Parisienne. Confortable 2 pièces de 56m² pour 4 personnes avec un balcon sur les jardins.Ultra calme, et lumineux, de nombreux rangements. Gardien. Appartement spacieux pour 4 personnes. Un balcon et des chaises donne la chance de prendre l'apéritif sur le balcon donnant sur les jardins de l'immeuble. La literie est neuve. L'appartement est équipé de tout l'électroménager nécessaire à la préparation d'un repas ainsi que d'une machine à lavée. Le calme de cet appartement saura vous séduire. L'appartement est décoré par des tableaux et des bronzes. L'intégralité du logement. Ainsi une entrée, un séjour, une cuisine américaine, une salle de douche, une grande chambre. Les jardins de l'immeuble. Je serai joignable par téléphone ou mail. Un correspondant sera à quelques rues de l'immeuble. A 5 minutes à pied de la Tour-Eiffel et de l'Arc de Triomphe. Les Champs-Elysées sont accessible en 5 mi
23298		Agréable appartement deux pièces (45m2) situé dans le très prisé arrondissement du 16ème. La belle hauteur sous plafond vous ravira. A quelques minutes seulement de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées. Idéal pour des vacances romantiques en couple. 
23299		Studio dans immeuble récent, proche tous commerces et Roland-Garros. Tout équipé, cuisine américaine, salle de bain et terrasse donnant sur un jardin. Quartier calme. Place de parking possible.
23300		Mon appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, et vivre comme des Parisiens pendant quelques jours. Il est parfait aussi pour vos séjours en famille. Plein Paris, XVI ème arrondissement. Proche Tour Eiffel et Seine. 
23301	The room is situated in a beautiful high standing building in a private alley. The room has large windows and is very bright. There is an independent bathroom with toilet with direct access from the room.	Cozy room with independant bathroom, situated in a high standing building in a private alley in Passy. 50m walk from the Passy subway station and few min walk to Trocadero. Large bed, chair, large closet space, fridge. The room is situated in a beautiful high standing building in a private alley. The room has large windows and is very bright. There is an independent bathroom with toilet with direct access from the room. Guests can access the entrance of the apartment, the private room and its bathroom. I travel a lot but I am happy to get to know interesting and lively persons. The neighborhood is amazing, right off Passy street with plenty of shoping for food, clothes etc.. The walk to Trocadero square is about 7minutes. The apparment is 50m walk from Passy subway station and a few minutes from trocadero.
23302	Bright and freshly renovated 22 sq.m. studio for 2 persons in the neighborhood of Trocadero. The top of the Eiffel Tower is seen above the rooftops of Paris from the window. Located on the 6th floor of a typical Parisian building (with elevator), Casa Constance is an ideal choice for an individual or couple visiting Paris for a few days. There is a double bed in the bedroom, a bathroom with shower and WC and a separate and fully equipped kitchenette. 	Bright and freshly renovated 22 sq.m. studio for 2 persons in the neighborhood of Trocadero, Casa Constance is an ideal choice for an individual or couple visiting Paris for a few days.
23303	"This 1 bedroom apartment, about 34 square meters, is located Vital street in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, right in the Trocadero neighborhood. It is located on the 3rd floor, without elevator, in a quiet building. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people, whether for leisure or business trip. It is served by the metro station ""Trocadero"" . Equipement : - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - Double sofa bed 160cm width - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee maker - kettle - towels / linen - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board lounge Area of 15 m², it has 2 South West facing windows and is equipped with a desk, a sofa bed width 160, 4 chairs, a table and a coffee table. It also provides a view over the courtyard. The bathroom It consists of a bathtub with shower, a sink, hairdryer. the room Area of 9 m², it has a window and is equipped with a 160 cm wide "	"This 1 bedroom apartment, about 34 square meters, is located Vital street in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, right in the Trocadero neighborhood. It is located on the 3rd floor, without elevator, in a quiet building. It offers all the modern comforts for up to 4 people, whether for leisure or business trip. It is served by the metro station ""Trocadero"" . Equipement : - digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - Hi-Fi - Double sofa bed 160cm width - U.S. kitchen - refrigerator - Hob - oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee maker - kettle - towels / linen - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board lounge Area of 15 m², it has 2 South West facing windows and is equipped with a desk, a sofa bed width 160, 4 chairs, a table and a coffee table. It also provides a view over the courtyard. The bathroom It consists of a bathtub with shower, a sink, hairdryer. the room Area of 9 m², it has a window and is equipped with a 160 cm wide "
23304	"5th floor with elevator, located between metro stations ""Passy"" and ""La Muette"". 10 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower and Trocadero.  The open kitchen in a living room with a fridge, two electric plates, a micro wave, a coffee machine and necessary, allowing you to prepare a break gourmet quiet.  Comfortable double bed in a separate bedroom."	"This cosy flat is perfect for a romantic trip, is located next to Seine, 10 min walk of Eiffel Tower, in the heart of the famous 16th area. Easy access to Trocadero, Champs-Elysees. 5th floor with elevator, located between metro stations ""Passy"" and ""La Muette"". 10 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower and Trocadero.  The open kitchen in a living room with a fridge, two electric plates, a micro wave, a coffee machine and necessary, allowing you to prepare a break gourmet quiet.  Comfortable double bed in a separate bedroom."
23305	"Very nice apartment right in the center of PARIS near Eiffel tower and 1 block from Arc de Triomphe (10 min walk to Champs Elysées !). f you want to experience truly living like a Parisian, there's no better way than by visiting our appartment. Perfect for a couple with one or two baby (but perfect for people without kids too!) The appartement is 75m2, on the 6th floor above all nice roofs of Paris. SO CHARMING !! We love it. We have 3 rooms :  - 1 big dining room plenty of light (huge window) with a lot of plants, a chimney, a balcony and a big glass table (we call it ""la pièce de jour""), a very comfortable sofa and a big TV screen. - 1 huge bedroom with a Queen size bed, 2 windows - 1 lovely baby room with a baby bed and changing table. We have also for your confort : - 1 nice kitchen with everything you need to cook and make good french food (+1 Nespresso Coffee machine) - 1 cute bathroom with another changing table bath and a window (sometimes you may have sun in the bath) - lately"	"Very nice apartment right in the center of PARIS near Eiffel tower and 1 block from Arc de Triomphe (10 min walk to Champs Elysées !). f you want to experience truly living like a Parisian, there's no better way than by visiting our appartment. Perfect for a couple with one or two baby (but perfect for people without kids too!) The appartement is 75m2, on the 6th floor above all nice roofs of Paris. SO CHARMING !! We love it. We have 3 rooms :  - 1 big dining room plenty of light (huge window) with a lot of plants, a chimney, a balcony and a big glass table (we call it ""la pièce de jour""), a very comfortable sofa and a big TV screen. - 1 huge bedroom with a Queen size bed, 2 windows - 1 lovely baby room with a baby bed and changing table. We have also for your confort : - 1 nice kitchen with everything you need to cook and make good french food (+1 Nespresso Coffee machine) - 1 cute bathroom with another changing table bath and a window (sometimes you may have sun in the bath) - lately"
23306		32 m carré composé d'une grande piece a vivre avec coin television, salle a manger, grand lit double, une cuisine entierement equipee, une grande salle de bain avec baignoire.  Beau studio tres accueillant, idealement situé à 3 minutes du metro Trocadero.
23307	Studio spacieux et lumineux 	 Close to the metro very large spacious apartment with balcony on the 5th floor overlooking a large bright and quiet during  Spacious and bright studio  16th arrondissement is a quiet residential area  Metro bus RER 
23308	Near Champs Elysees and Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy discovering the most famous places in the capital or strolling around the elegant Passy street or Victor Hugo avenue in a typical  Haussmanian architecture. Located in a quiet and safe area, you will find food shops, bistros and restaurants. Ideal for staying in the capital and exploring the city and its surroundings. Former workshop of the artist Jean Picart le Doux, known for its tapestries, his granddaughters decided to transform this workshop into a spacious and comfortable apartment. It is composed of a parental bedroom with a queen-size bed facing an unoverlooked quiet garden, a bedroom with a pull-out bed and a living room with a sofa bed as well as a small kitchen and a large bathroom. Completely renovated in April 2015, it is waiting for its first visitors on Airbnb. The ideal customer for this dwelling: Family up to four people (possibly 6) 	Loft styled apartment composed of 2/3 rooms 75 m2 (about 807ft2)  located in the Paris’ chic 16th arrondissement between Bois de Boulogne and Arc de Triomphe. Near Champs Elysees and Eiffel Tower, you will enjoy discovering the most famous places in the capital or strolling around the elegant Passy street or Victor Hugo avenue in a typical  Haussmanian architecture. Located in a quiet and safe area, you will find food shops, bistros and restaurants. Ideal for staying in the capital and exploring the city and its surroundings. Former workshop of the artist Jean Picart le Doux, known for its tapestries, his granddaughters decided to transform this workshop into a spacious and comfortable apartment. It is composed of a parental bedroom with a queen-size bed facing an unoverlooked quiet garden, a bedroom with a pull-out bed and a living room with a sofa bed as well as a small kitchen and a large bathroom. Completely renovated in April 2015, it is waiting for its first visitors on Airbnb. T
23309	L'appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, et vivre comme des Parisiens pendant quelques jours.  Parfait aussi pour vos séjours en famille.  Plein Paris, XVI ème arrondissement. Proche Tour Eiffel et Seine. Appartement très agréable, fort lumineux ; traditionnel, avec parquet et moulures, meublé de façon moderne.  Au 3eme étage avec Ascenseur. - Je vous propose une chambre avec deux lits simples (que l'on peut combiner en un lit double) - et un troisième lit simple individuel  L'appartement comprend également : Une cuisine équipée avec plaque de cuisson, four et four micro-onde. lave vaisselle et également lave linge - sèche linge . Une salle de Bain avec une douche, wc et lavabo. A disposition pour vos bébé et enfants un lit parapluie et une chaise haute .. Le quartier est très commerçant et vivant. Un Marché de quartier à lieux juste en bas chaque Mardi et Vendredi Matin dès 7H00 et jusqu'à 14H00. Boulangerie, librairie-presse, supermarchés, pharmacies et coiffeurs à moin	L'appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, et vivre comme des Parisiens pendant quelques jours.  Parfait aussi pour vos séjours en famille.  Plein Paris, XVI ème arrondissement. Proche Tour Eiffel et Seine. Appartement très agréable, fort lumineux ; traditionnel, avec parquet et moulures, meublé de façon moderne.  Au 3eme étage avec Ascenseur. - Je vous propose une chambre avec deux lits simples (que l'on peut combiner en un lit double) - et un troisième lit simple individuel  L'appartement comprend également : Une cuisine équipée avec plaque de cuisson, four et four micro-onde. lave vaisselle et également lave linge - sèche linge . Une salle de Bain avec une douche, wc et lavabo. A disposition pour vos bébé et enfants un lit parapluie et une chaise haute .. Le quartier est très commerçant et vivant. Un Marché de quartier à lieux juste en bas chaque Mardi et Vendredi Matin dès 7H00 et jusqu'à 14H00. Boulangerie, librairie-presse, supermarchés, pharmacies et coiffeurs à moin
23310		Grand studio très calme (35 m2) pour 2 personnes max. avec cuisine américaine équipée (four, frigo, plaques électriques, machine à laver…) très beau canapé lit (Steiner), fauteuil club, bureau, wifi, salle de bain, baignoire.  Immeuble avec Gardienne
23311	Four-bedroom duplex apartment with 2 terraces and superb views Eighth and ninth floors.  94 square meters duplex, in a modern building with lift and building manager. Very quiet, especially bright and airy, renovated in 2014, the flat looks onto wonderful views:  the west side of Paris (especially the Defense business district), the Eiffel Tower and typical Hausmannien building roofs. On the eight floor you will find: •A large living and dining room with double exposition. The dining room opens out to a 20 square meter terrace (with a table and awning) •An entirely equipped kitchen •A master bedroom with balcony •A shower room with basin and toilet On the ninth floor, you will find: •A bedroom with a single bed (90x190) •A bedroom with a loft single bed(90x190) •A small bedroom with a loft single bed(90x190) and a balcony •A bathroom with double basin, toilet and bathtub •A nice terrace with lounge chairs that will enable you to make the most of the Parisian sun An automatic watering s	Four-bedroom duplex apartment with 2 terraces and superb views Eighth and ninth floors.  94 square meters duplex, in a modern building with lift and building manager. Very quiet, especially bright and airy, renovated in 2014, the flat looks onto wonderful views:  the west side of Paris (especially the Defense business district), the Eiffel Tower and typical Hausmannien building roofs. On the eight floor you will find: •A large living and dining room with double exposition. The dining room opens out to a 20 square meter terrace (with a table and awning) •An entirely equipped kitchen •A master bedroom with balcony •A shower room with basin and toilet On the ninth floor, you will find: •A bedroom with a single bed (90x190) •A bedroom with a loft single bed(90x190) •A small bedroom with a loft single bed(90x190) and a balcony •A bathroom with double basin, toilet and bathtub •A nice terrace with lounge chairs that will enable you to make the most of the Parisian sun An automatic watering s
23312	The apartment is located on the Porte d' Auteuil, in front of Roland Garros and a few meters from the Parc des Princes and Bois de Boulogne. It is a nice appartment under roofs. Live the experience of a typical parisian while you enjoying a beautiful view. The apartment is divided into two parts. A bedroom, a large bathroom. A spacious kitchen open on the living room. There is a sofa bed.  Accommodation capacity for 3 persons.  	FREE MID-JULY - END OF AUGUST !  This apartment under the roof can accommodate 3 persons, located in the quiet village of Auteuil , a typical Parisian aera. A stroll between the Haussmann buildings and greenery of the Bois de Boulogne. The apartment is located on the Porte d' Auteuil, in front of Roland Garros and a few meters from the Parc des Princes and Bois de Boulogne. It is a nice appartment under roofs. Live the experience of a typical parisian while you enjoying a beautiful view. The apartment is divided into two parts. A bedroom, a large bathroom. A spacious kitchen open on the living room. There is a sofa bed.  Accommodation capacity for 3 persons.  Full access to the appartment. I will try to be present at your arrival and departure to meet you and discuss your trip , share good addresses. If I can't be present, a member of my family will come to greet you. The apartment is located in the heart of the Village d'Auteuil, a shopping street including very good bakeries, cheese 
23313	Standing The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building with elevator. The entrance is secured by two doors with door codes. The apartment has a double exposure and a beautiful light. It is very quiet and the windows are double glazed. A balcony overlooking the street connects the dining room to the master bedroom. A small table for two people has been installed on this balcony so you can have a drink and enjoy the outside air. Layout This beautiful 150 sqm apartment has a living room / dining room, a large kitchen, three separate bedrooms (one with a sink in an adjacent room), two bathrooms (one with a bathtub, the other with a shower) and two separate toilets (one of them features a washbasin). It can comfortably accommodate up to five people. Its numerous storage spaces with wardrobes and shelves make it ideal for long stays. A large entrance hall leads to the first seating area with sofa, armchairs and coffee table. A large flat screen TV with DVD / CD player and access to	This apartment is made for a family or group of friends. Very comfortable and very well equipped, your stay will be perfect ! The moldings, the wooden floor and a marble fireplace add to the charm of this place.  Standing The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a building with elevator. The entrance is secured by two doors with door codes. The apartment has a double exposure and a beautiful light. It is very quiet and the windows are double glazed. A balcony overlooking the street connects the dining room to the master bedroom. A small table for two people has been installed on this balcony so you can have a drink and enjoy the outside air. Layout This beautiful 150 sqm apartment has a living room / dining room, a large kitchen, three separate bedrooms (one with a sink in an adjacent room), two bathrooms (one with a bathtub, the other with a shower) and two separate toilets (one of them features a washbasin). It can comfortably accommodate up to five people. Its numerous storage s
23314	"Wonderfull apartment in a ""Paris Haussman building"" located in the ""Village d'Auteuil"", the romantic area of the chic 16e arrondissement. The apartment is a cosy, bright, nicely decorated on the 3th floor (with a lift) of a secure building. It is composed of 2 bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equiped kitchen, and a full bathroom.   The place is perfect for 4 persons as there are 2 large double beds.   It is fully furnished with all the modern cons such as wi-fi internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave...  Ideally situated in the heart of the 16th arrondissement, the appartment is located in a very green and safe neighborhood. In front of the St Perrine's park, the place is at 50 meters from the Seine.  There is everything you need arround the appartment, such as bakeries, groceries, ...  - Paris center: 10'  - Champs Elysées: 7'  - Tour Eiffel: 8'  - Concorde: 9'  - Notre Dame: 15' Metro stations: Exelmans (9), Mirabeau (10).   Bus 72 (2 minutes from the appartm"	"appartement haussmannien de grande taille, raffiné,  dans un bel immeuble situé dans une jolie impasse très résidentielle. Très calme  les chambres donnant sur le parc Sainte Perrine. Wonderfull apartment: 95m2 ! in a ""Paris Haussman building"" located in the ""Village d'Auteuil"", the romantic area of the chic 16e arrondissement. this apartment is very parisian, elegant, typical french touch! The apartment is a cosy, bright, nicely decorated on the 3th floor (with a lift) of a secure building. It is composed of 2 bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equiped kitchen, and a full bathroom.   The place is perfect for 4 persons as there are 2 large double beds.   It is fully furnished with all the modern cons such as wi-fi internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave...  Ideally situated in the heart of the 16th arrondissement, the appartment is located in a very green and safe neighborhood. In front of the St Perrine's park, the place is at 50 meters from the Seine.  There is"
23315	This fully-equipped flat has one bedroom, a wide living room, a bathroom with shower, a kitchen. All these rooms are recently decorated and furnitured. The living room room includes a large TV , 2 big sofas (including a sofa bed), a fireplace, lighting and decoration. The cozy bedroom is tastefully decorated including a TV, one large double bed and closets.  The bathroom is modern and convenient with toilets and shower.  The kitchen is tastefully optimized and well equipped with oven, microwave, cooker hood, fridge, dishwasher, vitroceramics, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all ustensils for cooking. Located on the second floor of a 1950s typical french building well maintened and secured by a code access. All the windows overlook the courtyard.	Cozy apartment of 50 square meters located a few steps from the Eiffel Tower. Very calm, overlooks a nice courtyard. This fully-equipped flat has one bedroom, a wide living room, a bathroom with shower, a kitchen. All these rooms are recently decorated and furnitured. The living room room includes a large TV , 2 big sofas (including a sofa bed), a fireplace, lighting and decoration. The cozy bedroom is tastefully decorated including a TV, one large double bed and closets.  The bathroom is modern and convenient with toilets and shower.  The kitchen is tastefully optimized and well equipped with oven, microwave, cooker hood, fridge, dishwasher, vitroceramics, toaster, kettle, coffee machine and all ustensils for cooking. Located on the second floor of a 1950s typical french building well maintened and secured by a code access. All the windows overlook the courtyard. The whole apartment over e-mail and phone Very well located in the 16th district the richest and the most elegant of Paris.
23316	L'appartement se compose de deux pièces: salon avec un lit et chambre à coucher avec grand placard et lit double. Salle de bains avec lave linge et petite cuisine séparée.  Linge de maison, linge de lit, linge de toilette: draps, serviettes, ... The apartment is composed of a living room with a full bed, a bedroom with a queen size bed, a small kitchen and a large bathroom wih washing machine. It is furnished of linens, sheets, towels and anything you could need.	L'appartement se trouve dans le coeur du XVIe arrondissement, très proche aux Camps-Elysées et au Palais de Chaillot. La maison donne sur une cour avec vue très agreable sur un hotel particulier et sur la Tour Eiffel.
23317	Métro Exelmans ou Michel Ange Molitor / Paris XVI. Tous les petits commerces à proximité. Marché 3 fois par semaine avenue de Versailles. Accés facile Orly / Roissy via périph Pte de Saint CloudAccés direct par métro ligne 9 : Passy, Ranelagh, Trocadero, Opéra, Richelieu Drouot, St Germain des Près par la ligne 10 à proximité également. Porte de Versailles par le tram à côté également. Roland Garros à 10 mn à pied. Place du marché d'Auteuil.Bois de Boulogne pour jogging et balade. Jardin Albert Khan / Manufacture Royale de Sèvres etc... A votre disposition pour des conseils / avis sur visites, spectacles, musées, théâtres, expo sur Paris.	Immeuble 1950 / Concierge / Ascenseur  6eme étage, grande baie vitrée exposée plein sud, un espace très lumineux, calme et une vue dégagée. Parfait état de l'appartement. A votre disposition pour vous rendre Paris plus agréable. Disponible pour quelconques questions, besoins. Métro Exelmans ou Michel Ange Molitor / Paris XVI. Tous les petits commerces à proximité. Marché 3 fois par semaine avenue de Versailles. Accés facile Orly / Roissy via périph Pte de Saint CloudAccés direct par métro ligne 9 : Passy, Ranelagh, Trocadero, Opéra, Richelieu Drouot, St Germain des Près par la ligne 10 à proximité également. Porte de Versailles par le tram à côté également. Roland Garros à 10 mn à pied. Place du marché d'Auteuil.Bois de Boulogne pour jogging et balade. Jardin Albert Khan / Manufacture Royale de Sèvres etc... A votre disposition pour des conseils / avis sur visites, spectacles, musées, théâtres, expo sur Paris.
23318	"4th floor with lift, pretty new and clean studio, 30m2, with view, facing south, in the heart of the 16 district, close to the shopping district of Passy, near the metro station ""La Muette"" (line 9) and buses 52 and 22 and 15 minutes walk from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower.  The input distributes shower room with toilet, separate from the main room. The open kitchen is a dining area with a fridge, two electric plates, a micro wave, a coffee machine and necessary, allowing you to prepare a break gourmet quiet. The double bed offers comfort with a nice new bedding quality. To provide Wifi access, television and DVD player.This area is quiet and near  ""bois de boulogne "" , it's great for runners and sportmen. We welcome you entered 3pm and 9 pm and remain at your disposal to answer any questions you may have, to make your stay in Paris as pleasant as possible. "	"Bright and welcoming studio close to shops and metro line 9. easy access to Eiffel tower,Trocadéro, Champs-Elysées.... 4th floor with lift, pretty new and clean studio, 30m2, with view, facing south, in the heart of the 16 district, close to the shopping district of Passy, near the metro station ""La Muette"" (line 9) and buses 52 and 22 and 15 minutes walk from Trocadero and Eiffel Tower.  The input distributes shower room with toilet, separate from the main room. The open kitchen is a dining area with a fridge, two electric plates, a micro wave, a coffee machine and necessary, allowing you to prepare a break gourmet quiet. The double bed offers comfort with a nice new bedding quality. To provide Wifi access, television and DVD player.This area is quiet and near  ""bois de boulogne "" , it's great for runners and sportmen. We welcome you entered 3pm and 9 pm and remain at your disposal to answer any questions you may have, to make your stay in Paris as pleasant as possible.  For traveller"
23319	Studio en RdC vue sur cour intérieure , composé d'une grande pièce principal , avec une table à manger et 4 chaises , puis une cuisine entièrement équipée , plaques induction , four , micro ondes , machine à laver , TV écran plat , et canapé lit avec un matelas très confortable .	Charmant studio  dans un square privé sur l'Avenue Foch , prés du bois de Boulogne , métro à 50 m , dans un rayon de 200 m , vous disposez de tout commerces ( supermarché , coiffeur , pressing , restaurants ....) Studio en RdC vue sur cour intérieure , composé d'une grande pièce principal , avec une table à manger et 4 chaises , puis une cuisine entièrement équipée , plaques induction , four , micro ondes , machine à laver , TV écran plat , et canapé lit avec un matelas très confortable . Ils sont accès au studio entièrement. Pour tout renseignement  durant votre séjour , je serai a votre écoute , pour vous rendre votre séjour agréable . Quartier porte dauphine sur l'Avenue Foch , proche de l'Arc de Triomphe , à proximité de la tour Eiffel ,et du bois de Boulogne pour faire de belle balades , et de la Fondation Louis Vuitton . Accès : Métro ligne 2 Porte dauphine  RER C    Foch  Métro  ligne 1 Porte Maillot Le résidence est sécurisé par une surveillance en permanences
23320	Located on the 6th floor of a good standing building with two lifts. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a 11 sqm balcony equipped with two tables and chairs offering an extraordinary view on Paris, the Eiffel tower proudly standing in front of you, the Seine river under your feet, the Sacré Coeur on the back, what an amazing view ! You will enjoy having your breakfasts on this balcony, watching the Bateaux-Mouches during the day and the illuminated Eiffel Tower at night ! This exceptional 110 sqm apartment will comfortably suit up to four guests in the two separate bedroom with their two en-suite bathrooms. It has been renovated in 2013 and improvements have been made since to offer the future tenants a maximum of comfort. Brand new mattresses and bed bases have peen purchased in Jan 2014. The entrance gives on the main room, very spacious and luminous, organized in several areas. The living area features a large angle couch, a 	This apartment is really exceptional. It will be perfect for two couples, very comfortable, luminous, with an extraordinary view. You will never want to leave this place once you will enter it ! Located on the 6th floor of a good standing building with two lifts. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a 11 sqm balcony equipped with two tables and chairs offering an extraordinary view on Paris, the Eiffel tower proudly standing in front of you, the Seine river under your feet, the Sacré Coeur on the back, what an amazing view ! You will enjoy having your breakfasts on this balcony, watching the Bateaux-Mouches during the day and the illuminated Eiffel Tower at night ! This exceptional 110 sqm apartment will comfortably suit up to four guests in the two separate bedroom with their two en-suite bathrooms. It has been renovated in 2013 and improvements have been made since to offer the future tenants a maximum of comfort. Brand new matt
23321	A few minutes walk from Trocadero Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees, apartment of 80 m2 in a Haussman building with caretaker includes 2 bedrooms, the first with a double bed and the second with 2 bunk beds, living room with moldings and fireplace, a bathroom and a kitchen fully equipped. Fine food stores and very pleasant neighborhood, many restaurants and bars, close to 3 metro stations very easily to reach all the other tourist attractions of Paris. 	A few minutes walk from Trocadero Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees, apartment of 80 m2 in a Haussman building with caretaker includes 2 bedrooms, the first with a double bed and the second with 2 bunk beds, living room with moldings and fireplace, a bathroom and a kitchen fully equipped. Fine food stores and very pleasant neighborhood, many restaurants and bars, close to 3 metro stations very easily to reach all the other tourist attractions of Paris. 
23322	5-minutes walk to the beautiful and famous Eiffel Tower !!!!!!! Cannot be better located!!! Small, bright studio apartment with futon sofa/bed comfortable for 2 on 6th floor without elevator in building. Secure door key entry of building with triple lock apartment door. Building is next to the Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris and the Museum of Modern & Contemporary Art (Palais de Tokyo). Famous Hop-On/Hop-Off city sightseeing bus tour passes the apt, on avenue Kléber sight C on tour. But Best to get on at Eiffel Tower is by walking !!! 5 minutes walk !!!!  15 minutes walk to/from the Arc de Triomphe on Champs-Elysees in Paris center (upper end) or Place de la Concorde, jardin Tuilieries & Louvre museum. Apartment equipped with all necessary amenities for a Parisian get-a-way. These include:  WiFi INTERNET  & TV Screen more than 200 channels Refrigerator  Oven Microwave Shower  ( privatif ) & Toilet ( non privatif; but to share with only one renter) outside apartment in hallway	My flat is located in the heart of most chic neighbouroud with amazing view on Eiffel Tower. Best location and price/convenience of a hostel, breakfast etc..Restaurants bars night-club all around the place Look detailed description for more info !! 5-minutes walk to the beautiful and famous Eiffel Tower !!!!!!! Cannot be better located!!! Small, bright studio apartment with futon sofa/bed comfortable for 2 on 6th floor without elevator in building. Secure door key entry of building with triple lock apartment door. Building is next to the Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris and the Museum of Modern & Contemporary Art (Palais de Tokyo). Famous Hop-On/Hop-Off city sightseeing bus tour passes the apt, on avenue Kléber sight C on tour. But Best to get on at Eiffel Tower is by walking !!! 5 minutes walk !!!!  15 minutes walk to/from the Arc de Triomphe on Champs-Elysees in Paris center (upper end) or Place de la Concorde, jardin Tuilieries & Louvre museum. Apartment equipped with all n
23323	Located 3 minutes walk from Rolland Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Enjoys sunshine and clarity seen its triple exposure and its evolution over the rooftops of Paris. High floor with elevator and guardian. Renovated in 2014 with all the necessary amenities. Fully equipped kitchen, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, Nespresso .... overlooking a lounge with TV, Wi-fi .... Double glazing.	Family of 80 M2 with a bow window in master bedroom and bedroom child apartment with 2 single beds. Located at the Porte d'Auteuil, ideal for access Rolland Garros on foot. High floor with elevator and guardian. Metro: PT Auteuil Located 3 minutes walk from Rolland Garros and the Bois de Boulogne. Enjoys sunshine and clarity seen its triple exposure and its evolution over the rooftops of Paris. High floor with elevator and guardian. Renovated in 2014 with all the necessary amenities. Fully equipped kitchen, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, Nespresso .... overlooking a lounge with TV, Wi-fi .... Double glazing. The apartment is dedicated to travelers. Travelers will be welcomed on the day of arrival, and may at any time contact us if you need by email or telephone. Parisian neighborhood with 2 markets and quality shops. Like tennis Rolland Garos awaits you, you love shopping, The Auteuil racecourse and Longchamp are nearby. Access metro Porte d'Auteuil Michel-Ange
23324	"Compact studette (9 sq.m / ex 'chambre de bonne') , at the top of a smart 1920s buiding, private inner-court with entry code and gardienne. Newly refurbished, sleeps 1 or 2. All amenities including shower, toilet, kitchenette with microwave, flat screen TV, pull-out 4""6 double bed. Internet connection.  Long stays welcomed.  P. Maillot conference center, direct metro line to La Defense, Champs Elysees, Concorde. Shops, restaurants, cinemas, Top of the 16th arrondissement between P. Maillot and av Foch. 5 mins walk from Arc de Triomphe.   Dauphine University. Direct access to Bois de Boulogne for Sunday morning jog! English owner. I live in the same building. If I'm not around the key can be picked up from the Gardienne or a neighbour. And I'm always available on my mobile.  Super-smart neighbourhood at the top of the 16th arrondissement between P. Maillot and av Foch. 5 mins walk from Arc de Triomphe.  Late night Carrefour supermarket accross the road, launderette nearby, numerous grea"	"Typical Parisian pied-a-terre at Porte Maillot. 9m2 studette, compact but all amenities including toilet, shower, TV, kitchen, wireless internet. Newly refurbished, private courtyard, perfectly situated 30 secs from Line 1 Metro. 5 minutes from Arc de Triomphe. Compact studette (9 sq.m / ex 'chambre de bonne') , at the top of a smart 1920s buiding, private inner-court with entry code and gardienne. Newly refurbished, sleeps 1 or 2. All amenities including shower, toilet, kitchenette with microwave, flat screen TV, pull-out 4""6 double bed. Internet connection.  Long stays welcomed.  P. Maillot conference center, direct metro line to La Defense, Champs Elysees, Concorde. Shops, restaurants, cinemas, Top of the 16th arrondissement between P. Maillot and av Foch. 5 mins walk from Arc de Triomphe.   Dauphine University. Direct access to Bois de Boulogne for Sunday morning jog! English owner. I live in the same building. If I'm not around the key can be picked up from the Gardienne or a neig"
23325	Furnished with all the essentials you need for a perfect and pleasant stay in the 'ville lumière', including a private bathroom and kitchen, it is very close to the Trocadero subway station and a taxi station. This studio is situated in a very safe area, full of restaurants, cafés, and bars. Supermarket and grocery stores are in the near distance.  We provide clean and fresh towels, linen, a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, and espresso coffee machine, iron,  free internet connection, wifi, and cable TV. We also provide some pasta, sugar, salt, teabags, coffee, orange juices., water bottles, coke, coke zero. A perfect pick for a romantic vacation, for a business trip or for tourists and Paris-lovers, thanks to the apartment's easy access to all the capital's cultural attractions and tourist destinations.	Situated in the pulsing art of Paris, this cozy apartment is just a fewsteps away from Place du Trocadero and the Effeil Tower, the most recognizable symbol of the city. Furnished with all the essentials you need for a perfect and pleasant stay Furnished with all the essentials you need for a perfect and pleasant stay in the 'ville lumière', including a private bathroom and kitchen, it is very close to the Trocadero subway station and a taxi station. This studio is situated in a very safe area, full of restaurants, cafés, and bars. Supermarket and grocery stores are in the near distance.  We provide clean and fresh towels, linen, a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, and espresso coffee machine, iron,  free internet connection, wifi, and cable TV. We also provide some pasta, sugar, salt, teabags, coffee, orange juices., water bottles, coke, coke zero. A perfect pick for a romantic vacation, for a business trip or for tourists and Paris-lovers, thanks to the apartment's easy 
23326	Notre petit immeuble est derrière l'immeuble sur rue, ce qui garanti sa tranquillité 	Notre appartement est très lumineux et calme, car il est sur cour. Le quartier est animé grâce au marché (mardi, vendredi et dimanche), aux restaurants et commerces en bas de la maison. Les transports sont proches : métro 9, bus (PC, 22, 72, 62) Notre petit immeuble est derrière l'immeuble sur rue, ce qui garanti sa tranquillité L'appartement est totalement libre. Je peux répondre aux questions, plutôt par mail ou SMS si possible. Les magasins sont fermés le dimanche après midi. Il y a des poubelles avec tri sélectif dans la cour (verre, papier/ petit électro-ménager, divers)
23327	There is anything you need in this 2 rooms appartment for 6 people to stay. There are two real beds and one double sofa bed.  There is one bathroom with a shower and a tab and a toilet.  There is fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle and a dishwashing machine. There is an iron, a hairdryer, a washing machine . -The Linen and towels are provided. - There is  TV and WiFi. You can enjoy the antique charm and modern comfort at the same time. This is a quiet appartment on the ground floor. 	Dans un des plus beau immeubles de style Art Nouveaux au cœur du très chic 8éme arrondissement, élégant appartement avec cheminée en marbre et moulures. Halle d'entrée en mosaïque de marbre faite a la main impressionne par sa taille les visiteurs. There is anything you need in this 2 rooms appartment for 6 people to stay. There are two real beds and one double sofa bed.  There is one bathroom with a shower and a tab and a toilet.  There is fully equipped kitchen with microwave, fridge, cooking utensils, coffee maker, kettle and a dishwashing machine. There is an iron, a hairdryer, a washing machine . -The Linen and towels are provided. - There is  TV and WiFi. You can enjoy the antique charm and modern comfort at the same time. This is a quiet appartment on the ground floor. guests can have access to all things there are in the flat You can always contact me and get advise The location is very convenient as it takes you only 5 minutes walk to Champs-Elysees.From your flat you can easil
23328		A deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, au cœur du 16e arr de Paris, appartement T1 moderne, spacieux, ensoleillé, convivial. Situé sur la prestigieuse Avenue Victor Hugo entre l'Arc de Triomphe et la Tour Eiffel. Il est entouré de grandes boutiques et grandes enseignes ainsi que des restaurants de renommée. Metro rue de la pompe L9 à 3 mn - station de taxi et bus à 2 mn à pied Quartier chic, vivant et stratégique.  Au cœur du 16e arrondissement M9 rue de la pompe / trocadero Bus 63-85-52 RER-C Henri Martin
23329	my apartment is a small cocoon of 55 m2. very functional and warm, there has a large living room and a large great room bath. near metro line 9 door saint cloud and bus N 72, 22, PC1 	my apartment is a small cocoon of 55 m2. very functional and warm, there has a large living room and a large great room bath. near metro line 9 door saint cloud and bus N 72, 22, PC1 
23330	One light and sunny bedroom flat (33 sq meters) with two balconies on 7 floor. Exclusive 16th area close by the main parisian sites. The neighborhood is residential, so it's quiet and very safe. A market (every Wednesday and Saturday) is five minutes’ walk from here. Delicious French bread and pastry shop just one minute away. The apartment is a 1 minutes’ walk to the Metro “Jasmin” (Line 9 for the Right Bank) and Metro “Mirabeau” (Line 10 for the left bank).  The both lines are speedy and conveniently take you straight to a lot of the main sites you’ll want easy access to. Champs-Elysées: 15 minutes  Saint-Germain : 15 minutes  Opéra Haussmann shopping district (Printemps/Galeries Lafayette): 20 minutes And some regular haunt for Parisians with the bus (Line 52): “Parc des Princes” stadium: 10 minutes  “Rolland Garros”: 5 minutes  “Auteuil Hippodrome” and “Bois de Boulogne”: 5 minutes The place fits 2 comfortably. Living-room: Spacious main room with TV, leather sofa and extra convert	One light and sunny bedroom flat (33 sq meters) with two balconies on 7 floor. Exclusive 16th area close by the main parisian sites. The neighborhood is residential, so it's quiet and very safe. A market (every Wednesday and Saturday) is five minutes’ walk from here. Delicious French bread and pastry shop just one minute away. The apartment is a 1 minutes’ walk to the Metro “Jasmin” (Line 9 for the Right Bank) and Metro “Mirabeau” (Line 10 for the left bank).  The both lines are speedy and conveniently take you straight to a lot of the main sites you’ll want easy access to. Champs-Elysées: 15 minutes  Saint-Germain : 15 minutes  Opéra Haussmann shopping district (Printemps/Galeries Lafayette): 20 minutes And some regular haunt for Parisians with the bus (Line 52): “Parc des Princes” stadium: 10 minutes  “Rolland Garros”: 5 minutes  “Auteuil Hippodrome” and “Bois de Boulogne”: 5 minutes The place fits 2 comfortably. Living-room: Spacious main room with TV, leather sofa and extra convert
23331	Located on the famous Avenue Foch, the apartment is at the pinnacle of Parisian prestige: an open, airy property in a high-end building boasting spacious and luxurious living spaces.  The apartment could be classed as a ‘hôtel particulier’, since it’s a totally private dwelling. Set on 4 floors, it boasts a private lift, perfect for taking luggage directly to your room.  The apartment boasts large bay windows in every room (kitchen, living room, bedrooms…) each one opening onto a large balcony. From one side of the apartment you have the view of the building’s courtyard, and you can freely take advantage of the private garden below.  With a surface area of 250 m², the apartment is spacious and well-appointed.  The first level contains a large hallway; a dressing room, a spacious lounge area and a bathroom (complete with washing machine and tumble dryer).  The first floor is made up of a second living room and a fully-equipped kitchen.  On the top floor you’ll find two spacious bedrooms	Stunning four-storey apartment with private lift, set on one of the most famous avenues in Paris, complete with hotel-standard services, sleeps up to 6. Located on the famous Avenue Foch, the apartment is at the pinnacle of Parisian prestige: an open, airy property in a high-end building boasting spacious and luxurious living spaces.  The apartment could be classed as a ‘hôtel particulier’, since it’s a totally private dwelling. Set on 4 floors, it boasts a private lift, perfect for taking luggage directly to your room.  The apartment boasts large bay windows in every room (kitchen, living room, bedrooms…) each one opening onto a large balcony. From one side of the apartment you have the view of the building’s courtyard, and you can freely take advantage of the private garden below.  With a surface area of 250 m², the apartment is spacious and well-appointed.  The first level contains a large hallway; a dressing room, a spacious lounge area and a bathroom (complete with washing machine
23332	Ce studio tout équipé avec une grande terrasse vous permettra de passer un beau séjour à proximité des plus beaux monuments parisiens ! Le grand lit 180 x 190, peut etre replié en un lit simple/banquette pour plus de place. La cuisine est équipée : four/micro-ondes, frigo, plaques de cuisson, machine à café filtre, grille-pain... La salle de bain est spacieuse avec les toilettes en coin, et une grande baignoire. Un dressing peut-etre mis à disposition sur demande pour les longs séjours. La terrasse est exposée plein sud, le soleil est présent à toute heure de la journée. Une belle manière d'être en ville tout en ayant un exterieur !	Ce studio tout équipé avec une grande terrasse vous permettra de passer un beau séjour à proximité des plus beaux monuments parisiens ! Le grand lit 180 x 190, peut etre replié en un lit simple/banquette pour plus de place. La cuisine est équipée : four/micro-ondes, frigo, plaques de cuisson, machine à café filtre, grille-pain... La salle de bain est spacieuse avec les toilettes en coin, et une grande baignoire. Un dressing peut-etre mis à disposition sur demande pour les longs séjours. La terrasse est exposée plein sud, le soleil est présent à toute heure de la journée. Une belle manière d'être en ville tout en ayant un exterieur ! Je suis disponible pour tout échange par mail ou par telephone. Le quartier du ranelagh est commercant, avec plusieurs supermarchés et primeurs à proximité (100m), ainsi que des boulangeries et des traiteurs. Le quartier est animé en journée mais très calme et sécurisé en soirée (commissariat a 300m) Le quartier de Passy est à 5 minutes à pied si vous avez 
23333		"Ce logement est situé en sous - sol avec une grande verrière ce qui le rend très lumineux. Proche des Champs Elysées et des métros Porte Dauphine et Victor Hugo. Un parking ""Vinci"" est installé sous l'Avenue Foch en face du logement. Cet appartement dispose aussi d'un jardin illuminé en journée. La cuisine ainsi que la salle de bain est fonctionnelle et une machine a café est mise a disposition. Appartement très calme. Machine à laver et sèche linge mis a disposition."
23334	Perfect location in paris , juste near trocadero and effel tower , you will have all you need near the apartment , indeed there is a super market , a bank , many restaurants ... 2 min walking 	"Beautiful apartment located within walking distance from ""Place Trocadéro"" and La Muette subway station. There is a double bed, a very nice sofa bed, a fully furnished kitchen and a quite big bathroom.  Wifi access codes will be given for free. "
23335		Cet appartement est très confortable pratique et coquet, il y a deux télés, une jolie terrasse où vous pouvez déjeuner ou dîner. La salle de bain est semblable à celle d'un hôtel, le but étant de faire un appartement similaire à une suite hôtelière.
23336	This apartment is really elegant and well-decorated. We can describ it as below: - Entrance with a table on the right-hand side that can be converted into a dining table. - On the left-hand side, you will find the independant toilet. - On the same side, the fully equipped kitchen that is independant and closed. - In front of the entrance, the living -room as several comfrotable armchairs, a sofa-bed, some side tables and a coffe table - The bedroom comes with one double bed (2 single beds of 90 cm each), side tablse, some large cupboards. - The bathroom has a bath, a washbasin and some cupboards.	Located on the 2nd floor of a 19e-century building, lovely 75 sqm apartment with 1 bedroom. It sleeps 4 persons. There is parquet floor, moldings and elevator. This apartment is really elegant and well-decorated. We can describ it as below: - Entrance with a table on the right-hand side that can be converted into a dining table. - On the left-hand side, you will find the independant toilet. - On the same side, the fully equipped kitchen that is independant and closed. - In front of the entrance, the living -room as several comfrotable armchairs, a sofa-bed, some side tables and a coffe table - The bedroom comes with one double bed (2 single beds of 90 cm each), side tablse, some large cupboards. - The bathroom has a bath, a washbasin and some cupboards. The entire apartment is rented to the guests On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any
23337	Located on the 9th floor of a building with elevator. The access is secured by three gates with codes and an intercom. The building overlooks a nice and quiet courtyard. The French windows are double-glazed, the living@room and the bedroom have electric shutters. All the windows offer a clear view, the apartment is bathed in light. Layout This 45m2 apartment is charming, light-filled, completely rebuilt during the summer of 2014, everything is new. It was very well equipped to provide maximum comfort to a couple or a small group of friends. It will accommodate up to four people. Redone in a sleek contemporary style, it consists of a beautiful living room with a sitting area featuring a sofa-bed (with a comfortable double mattress of 140x200), a coffee table and two chairs facing a cabinet with flat-screen TV, CD / DVD player with mini-jack input for connecting your MP3, iPhone, etc. .. The French window opens onto a small balcony from where you can enjoy a clear view, you can even see 	 Very bright 1-bedroom apartment to rent for four people two steps away from Avenue Foch and Arc de Triomphe. Very quiet, nice view from all the windows.  Located on the 9th floor of a building with elevator. The access is secured by three gates with codes and an intercom. The building overlooks a nice and quiet courtyard. The French windows are double-glazed, the living@room and the bedroom have electric shutters. All the windows offer a clear view, the apartment is bathed in light. Layout This 45m2 apartment is charming, light-filled, completely rebuilt during the summer of 2014, everything is new. It was very well equipped to provide maximum comfort to a couple or a small group of friends. It will accommodate up to four people. Redone in a sleek contemporary style, it consists of a beautiful living room with a sitting area featuring a sofa-bed (with a comfortable double mattress of 140x200), a coffee table and two chairs facing a cabinet with flat-screen TV, CD / DVD player with min
23338	Apartement in the 16 part of Paris, very nice place to stay because it's very calm and residentiel. You're near the river the Seine and you can see the Eiffel tower just at 1 minute of my home. My area is very well desserved by bus, subway and by walk . You've got also many shpos like bakery, supermarket and pharmacy. My apartment is very nice and completly renoved, kitchen , bathroom, . You've got 3 rooms : *1 bedroom with a  KINGsize bed, new bed and niçe linens and pillows. * 1diningroom separated than the living room * 1 living room with 2 sofas and 1 is convertible in a bed FULL size for 2 persons. after you've got a big bathroom with natural light because you've got a window, and you've got the restrooms separate. The kitchen is quite small but very well agenced and you can have your breakfast and diner in the kitchen for 3 persons. I've got a real fire place and it's working! I'm very sensible at the confort and you'will be like in at home! you'will fell good! You've got a lttle	Apartement in the 16 part of Paris, very nice place to stay because it's very calm and residentiel. You're near the river the Seine and you can see the Eiffel tower just at 1 minute of my home. My area is very well desserved by bus, subway and by walk . You've got also many shpos like bakery, supermarket and pharmacy. My apartment is very nice and completly renoved, kitchen , bathroom, . You've got 3 rooms : *1 bedroom with a  KINGsize bed, new bed and niçe linens and pillows. * 1diningroom separated than the living room * 1 living room with 2 sofas and 1 is convertible in a bed FULL size for 2 persons. after you've got a big bathroom with natural light because you've got a window, and you've got the restrooms separate. The kitchen is quite small but very well agenced and you can have your breakfast and diner in the kitchen for 3 persons. I've got a real fire place and it's working! I'm very sensible at the confort and you'will be like in at home! you'will fell good! You've got a lttle
23339	Lots of light and very confortable bed king size (180 x 200) and a convertible sofa	"Very nice and comfortable apartment, quiet and sunny. View of the Eiffel Tower. Close to subway, bus stations and shops. One bedroom (one double bed), double living room (with one convertible sofa). Lots of light and very confortable bed king size (180 x 200) and a convertible sofa Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et des biens qui y sont contenus.  Ils devront en prendre soin comme s'il s'agissait de leur propre ""chez eux"". La concierge de l'immeuble, réside au rdc, et sera en quasi permanence à votre service, alternativement les voisin de palier pourront rendre des services. Je demeure joignable en permanence sur mon téléphone portable et à travers l'interface de l'application Airbnb. Le quartier est le plus exclusif et sécurisé de Paris.  Arc de Triomphe, Avenue des Champs-Élysées, Place du Trocadéro, Grand et Petit Palais, Avenue Montaigne, rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. Metro:  - Jasmin : 2 mn à pieds de la maison  - Mirabeau et Eglise d'Auteuil : 5 mn à pieds d"
23340	Located in an area allowing quick and easy access to the various attractions of the capital, this fully furnished and serviced apartment is available while we are on holidays. The apartment covers an area of 51sqm, and is located on the 5th floor of building equipped with an elevator. Bright and airy, it features 1 double bedroom and a living room. The 2 rooms open onto a 11sqm balcony.  Wi-Fi and TV Channels are available. A ceiling fan is available in the bedroom. Toilet effects, linens as well as a dryer and an iron are provided. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, a refrigerator, a microwave, an oven, hotplates, a fume hood, a laundry machine and a 6-piece tableware.	Lovely apartment close to Eiffel Tower, in the heart of Paris 16th district, Passy neighborhood. Perfect for couple. Lots of shops around the place. 15 minutes walk away from Trocadero and 5 minutes to Grenelle bridge Located in an area allowing quick and easy access to the various attractions of the capital, this fully furnished and serviced apartment is available while we are on holidays. The apartment covers an area of 51sqm, and is located on the 5th floor of building equipped with an elevator. Bright and airy, it features 1 double bedroom and a living room. The 2 rooms open onto a 11sqm balcony.  Wi-Fi and TV Channels are available. A ceiling fan is available in the bedroom. Toilet effects, linens as well as a dryer and an iron are provided. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, a refrigerator, a microwave, an oven, hotplates, a fume hood, a laundry machine and a 6-piece tableware. The entire property is at your disposal. However we ask that you please respect the neighboring
23341		Hosts 2+2
23342	On the ground floor. For an unforgettable stay in Paris, choose this beautiful apartment decor of a series of Parisian palace. Located 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees Tour in a shopping district, this beautiful apartment completely renewed and offers: - Equipped kitchen (fridge / freezer, microwave, electric hotplate) - Marble bathroom with large shower - Living room with sofa bed, chair, table and flat screen TV - Bedroom with comfortable double bed which can be separated into two single beds - Washer and dryer - Free wifi, - Safe - Pad / Intercom - Baby bed available upon request - Optional room service - Nespresso machine - Toaster	This suite is situated in the most exclusive neighborhood of Paris facing the Grande Dame. All the luxury and comfort of a modern apartment are reunited in this suite. On the ground floor. For an unforgettable stay in Paris, choose this beautiful apartment decor of a series of Parisian palace. Located 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees Tour in a shopping district, this beautiful apartment completely renewed and offers: - Equipped kitchen (fridge / freezer, microwave, electric hotplate) - Marble bathroom with large shower - Living room with sofa bed, chair, table and flat screen TV - Bedroom with comfortable double bed which can be separated into two single beds - Washer and dryer - Free wifi, - Safe - Pad / Intercom - Baby bed available upon request - Optional room service - Nespresso machine - Toaster Wifi Towels and clean bed linen I am always available for my guest Great place to discover Paris in one of the most exclusive areas and secure the city. Nearby, 
23343	In a quiet street of Passy, bright studio on the 6th floor (with elevator).  The space consists of an entrance, a living room with sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and toilet, an aquipped kitchen.	In a quiet street in the heart of Passy district, bright studio on the 6th floor (with elevator): an entrance, a living room with sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and toilet, a kitchen. Close to shops and transports. In a quiet street of Passy, bright studio on the 6th floor (with elevator).  The space consists of an entrance, a living room with sofa bed, a bathroom with shower and toilet, an aquipped kitchen. At the heart of the Passy neighborhood, in the 16th district. Close to the Passy Plaza shopping center, and shopping streets, rue Passy and rue de l'Annonciation, without forgetting the covered market of Passy. Several good restaurants are nearby. Five minutes walk from the subway: Passy Sation (Line 6) and La Muette Sation (Line 9) and Boulainvilliers Sation (RER C), Bus nearby (lines 32, 22 and 52). 15 minutes walk from the Trocadéro.
23344		A large room with private bathroom in a very modern and chic completely refurbished apartment in Trocadéro, few meters away from Eiffel Tower. Guests will be able to use all the facilities of the 100 sqm apartment including : 15 sqm terrace, fully equipped kitchen, living room with TV + international channels and a second bathroom. My wife and I usually have long working days so we might not be at home quite often. However, we'll be very happy to discuss with our guests and give them plenty of tips about Paris where we've been living for the last 10 years. The apartment is very centrally located between Trocadéro & Passy, very close to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées and all the main touristic attractions of Paris.  It is connected to Metro lines 6 & 9. It is also well connected with buses and close to velib stations
23345		Super logement pour un couple, parfait pour quelques jours à Paris, à 50m du métro Jasmin et des commerces de l'avenue Mozart, il est très agréable à vivre et bénéficie d'une grande terrasse entièrement refaite avec des fauteuils et canapés..
23346		Beautiful modern studio , 45m2 ,fully equipped, very quiet and very nice ,just few minutes from Champs Elysees , Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower. Sleeps for 2 people .Many of comfort and a beautiful garden view. A great and beautifull location
23347	Ce logement vous offrira tout ce dont vous aurez besoin durant votre séjour ! Les voyageurs dormiront dans un lit double,il sera mis à leur disposition: -serviettes -draps -sèche cheveux -machine à laver -sèche linge  -shampoing et savon  Vous serez à proximité des transports: Ligne 6 Ligne 9 Les voyageurs dormiront dans un lit double,il sera mis à leur disposition: -serviettes -draps -sèche cheveux -machine à laver -sèche linge  -shampoing et savon  Vous serez à proximité des transports: Ligne 6 Ligne 9	Situé  au 4 eme étage d'un immeuble Haussemannien dans le 16 eme arrondissment de Paris, à 5 minutes de la tour effeil, cet appartement vous offrira tout ce dont vous aurez besoin durant votre séjour. Ce logement vous offrira tout ce dont vous aurez besoin durant votre séjour ! Les voyageurs dormiront dans un lit double,il sera mis à leur disposition: -serviettes -draps -sèche cheveux -machine à laver -sèche linge  -shampoing et savon  Vous serez à proximité des transports: Ligne 6 Ligne 9 Les voyageurs dormiront dans un lit double,il sera mis à leur disposition: -serviettes -draps -sèche cheveux -machine à laver -sèche linge  -shampoing et savon  Vous serez à proximité des transports: Ligne 6 Ligne 9 tranquillité, sécurité et proximité Le logement est à proximité de la ligne 6 et de la ligne 9. Une station de bus se trouve au pied de l'immeuble.
23348	The apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement, that is a very secure, chic and crested district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine. The apartment is very comfortable, well furnished, and is spacious (surface: 535 sf / 50 m ²). The apartment has a bright living room thanks to large plate glass windows, a long crossing balcony, a cosy bedroom, a furnished kitchen, a bathroom, and separated toilets.  Sleeps: The bedroom has a queen bed for 2, and the living room has a sofa-bed for 2.  There is a lift, a bathtub, and a very long balcony: 3 things that are not so common in Parisian apartments! Bed linen and towels are provided. Wifi internet is free and unlimited. General :Heating, Linen / Bed Sheets, Washing machine Sleeping arrangements :  Bedroom (2 guests), 1 double bed Salon (2 guests), 1 sofa bed / futon Bathroom(s) : Bathtub, Towels Kitchen : Plates, Freezer, Cutlery, Glasses, Cooking Utensils, Microwave, Fridge Outdoor Facilities : Balcony Entertainment and 	The apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement, that is a very secure, chic and crested district of Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine. The apartment is very comfortable, well furnished, and is spacious (surface: 535 sf / 50 m ²). The apartment has a bright living room thanks to large plate glass windows, a long crossing balcony, a cosy bedroom, a furnished kitchen, a bathroom, and separated toilets.  Sleeps: The bedroom has a queen bed for 2, and the living room has a sofa-bed for 2.  There is a lift, a bathtub, and a very long balcony: 3 things that are not so common in Parisian apartments! Bed linen and towels are provided. Wifi internet is free and unlimited. General :Heating, Linen / Bed Sheets, Washing machine Sleeping arrangements :  Bedroom (2 guests), 1 double bed Salon (2 guests), 1 sofa bed / futon Bathroom(s) : Bathtub, Towels Kitchen : Plates, Freezer, Cutlery, Glasses, Cooking Utensils, Microwave, Fridge Outdoor Facilities : Balcony Entertainment and 
23349	Renewed and modern apartment on the ground floor, in the 16th arrondissement.  I am looking for international guests, who are visiting Paris and are here to have a good time, trying local food, shopping, visiting museums	Located in a very calm neighborhood (16e), where you can find many shops on rue de Passy and a lovely market everyday, the flat is small but is divided into 2 parts : the bed room/bathroom, and the living room/kitchen.  Metros and buses nearby. Renewed and modern apartment on the ground floor, in the 16th arrondissement.  I am looking for international guests, who are visiting Paris and are here to have a good time, trying local food, shopping, visiting museums Living room (TV, table for meals) Kitchen (essentials, microwave, oven, heating plates, fridge, dish washer) Room (bed / dressing) Bathroom (shower, toilet, clothes washer) Normally present for the listing Shops and pleasant market nearby (rue de Passy/Rue de l'annonciation) (email hidden) walking Metros: La Muette (line 9) - 4 mn walking Passy (line 6) - 15 mn walking Boulainvillier (RER C) - 5 mn walking Bed is not very big  Room is not totally dark in the morning
23350	This stylish and elegantly appointed duplex apartment is situated in the heart of the city.The apartment is located on the top two floors of a classic Parisian building, and it is a quiet oasis in the midst of the bustling city. The apartment is complete with all the necessary amenities which will afford you the comforts of a luxury home.	Experience Paris like a true Parisian while staying at my apartment.
23351	Nice Studio of 22 square meters completly equipped in a modern building with elevator.  The building is equipped of elavator and there is a security code to enter in the building. The window is in front of a quiet courtyard. The studio is decorated with taste. There is a confortable bed and you can convert another single bed.  The living room has a good optimisation of space with a dining table and a coffee table. The little kitchen is opened on the living room and very convenient. The flat is completly equipped that's mean: Washing Machine, Dish washer, all kitchen ustensiles, coffee machine, Kettel, vitroceramic, micro-wave. The bathroom contains a bath, a washhand, a toilets and a cupboard. In the enter you can tidy all your stuffs thank to a big closet.	Nice Studio completely equipped with a confortable single bed which can be converted into twin beds. The living room has a good optimisation of space. The little kitchen is opened on the living room and very convenient (with everything for cooking) Nice Studio of 22 square meters completly equipped in a modern building with elevator.  The building is equipped of elavator and there is a security code to enter in the building. The window is in front of a quiet courtyard. The studio is decorated with taste. There is a confortable bed and you can convert another single bed.  The living room has a good optimisation of space with a dining table and a coffee table. The little kitchen is opened on the living room and very convenient. The flat is completly equipped that's mean: Washing Machine, Dish washer, all kitchen ustensiles, coffee machine, Kettel, vitroceramic, micro-wave. The bathroom contains a bath, a washhand, a toilets and a cupboard. In the enter you can tidy all your stuffs thank 
23352		Nice studio in a very calm Paris area, between Trocadéro and Roland Garros, well deserved by metro / buses, 15 minutes by foot to Trocadéro, 10 minutes by foot to Roland Garros, clear and sunny, with interphone, guardian, pretty  internal garden.
23353	If you want to visit Paris with your children you found the perfect place. We have a children room with to loft beds and one baby bed. But also without children it’s a nice place to stay; the flat is in an old haussmannian building with ornaments on the ceiling, two fireplaces (unfortunately you cant use them) and a small balcony. At night it is really quiet (one of the rooms is in front of a park). The windows are new.  The bathroom is renovated. There is no bath, only shower (just for kids under 3 years we have a plastic bad).  Toilet is apart. We don't have any home-trainer but the apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. I do it everyday at least 3 times with a 13kg Baby ;-) Kitchen is fully equipped  	Authentic haussmanian flat with small balcony. Walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (15mn). 100m from the Seine. Bright. Games for children.  Perfect for family's with children. Shopping and park nearby. 5th floor. No elevator, no TV. If you want to visit Paris with your children you found the perfect place. We have a children room with to loft beds and one baby bed. But also without children it’s a nice place to stay; the flat is in an old haussmannian building with ornaments on the ceiling, two fireplaces (unfortunately you cant use them) and a small balcony. At night it is really quiet (one of the rooms is in front of a park). The windows are new.  The bathroom is renovated. There is no bath, only shower (just for kids under 3 years we have a plastic bad).  Toilet is apart. We don't have any home-trainer but the apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator. I do it everyday at least 3 times with a 13kg Baby ;-) Kitchen is fully equipped  You have washing-machine and small dish w
23354		Welcome to the 26! A newly refurbished 53 sq meter flat on the Seine. Experience the Parisian way of life, 15 min by bus from the Champs Elysées, Palais de Tokyo and the Grand Palais. Enjoy its modern industrial design and its terrace! See you soon! I will welcome you and show you the flat, give you some tips about local restaurants and bars to make your stay in Paris truly magical ;) A calm and chic neighbourhood with local restaurants, wine bars and cinemas. Close to the heart of Paris: Champs Elysées, Eiffel tower, Invalides... Close to Bois de Boulogne and Parc de St Cloud for long joggings or bike rides! You're 5 min by foot from L10 metro, bus 72 and RER C, getting you directly to the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées or St Germain A guidebook with restaurants, bars, cinemas in the area will be left on the kitchen table
23355		Composé d'une pièce principale avec table, bureau et canapé-lit, d'une salle de douche et cuisine. Calme et lumineux. Disponible à partir de 3 nuits, à la semaine ou au mois.
23356	Capacité d’accueil max de deux personnes. Petite chambre confortable et calme à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe, des Champs Elysées et de la place du Trocadéro. Profitez pleinement des coins les plus visités de Paris en étant à proximité.  This cozy Studio can only receive a maximum of two people, and will offer you all the comfort and calm you need during your stay. Right next to the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tour, take advantage of the best spots by being close by.  	       Petite chambre d’étudiant refaite à neuf. Peut loger deux personnes, au dernier étage avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Très calme et qui donne sur l'avenue Foch à 50 mètres de la place Charles de Gaulle – Etoile et des Champs Elysées.    Capacité d’accueil max de deux personnes. Petite chambre confortable et calme à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe, des Champs Elysées et de la place du Trocadéro. Profitez pleinement des coins les plus visités de Paris en étant à proximité.  This cozy Studio can only receive a maximum of two people, and will offer you all the comfort and calm you need during your stay. Right next to the Arc de Triomphe and the Eiffel Tour, take advantage of the best spots by being close by.  Les voyageurs auront accès à la télévision, une connexion haut débit WIFI, l'eau chaude, chauffage central, frigo et ascenseur. Toilettes séparées sur le palier. The Guests can take use of the television with a wide variety of channels, and a netflix membership, High-speed inter
23357	This calm and sunny apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement (2 minutes walking distance from metro Jasmin, 10 mn from river Seine and peaceful and romantic walk to Eiffel Tower, 10 mn from impressioniste museum Marmottan. Building is equipted with elevator, security code and intercom; the apartment is flooded with  light and sun, 5fh floor with elevator. Very calm, no street on West side (living room, your bedroom), only tennis court and  gardens. On east side kitchen , gardens and a small street, not busy at all. I am present in the evening, I am seldom at home on week-ends, so you have total privacy on week-ends. The appartement is newly furnished, with very confortable matresses ( luxury memory foam swiss confort)	Cosy double room in the best location in Paris. Enjoy spending your holiday in a calm sunny 2 bedrooms, 2 baths 70m2 apartment, living room, balconies, elevator, free WIFI, fully equipped kitchen, located in resident building, nearby metro station This calm and sunny apartment is located in the 16th arrondissement (2 minutes walking distance from metro Jasmin, 10 mn from river Seine and peaceful and romantic walk to Eiffel Tower, 10 mn from impressioniste museum Marmottan. Building is equipted with elevator, security code and intercom; the apartment is flooded with  light and sun, 5fh floor with elevator. Very calm, no street on West side (living room, your bedroom), only tennis court and  gardens. On east side kitchen , gardens and a small street, not busy at all. I am present in the evening, I am seldom at home on week-ends, so you have total privacy on week-ends. The appartement is newly furnished, with very confortable matresses ( luxury memory foam swiss confort) The kitchen is co
23358	The apartment is spatious (43sqm), very luminous and charming. The bedroom is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed.	Lovely apartment with view on Eiffel tower. 5 min walk to Eiffel tower, 10 min to Champs-Elysees, close to subway #9 and #6 Very bright, quiet and clean with 1 bedroom, 1 living room with sofa bed (4 people max) and fully equipped kitchen The apartment is spatious (43sqm), very luminous and charming. The bedroom is equipped with a comfortable queen size bed. The apartment is on the 4th floor of a 5 floor building with an elevator. It comprises a TV (100+ channels), wifi, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher etc) The apartment is located in the Trocadero area, 5 min walk to the Eiffel Tower and 10 min to the famous Champs-Elysees and Arc de Triomphe. It is also very close to subway line 9 going to Concorde, Opera Garnier, Galeries Lafayette etc. and line 6. The area is very safe with a lot of supermarkets and convenience stores open late. The apartment is at the end of a cul de sac and overlooks a closed garden so it is very quiet all the time.
23359	A great room of 10-15 sqm in a 65 sqm apartment (with a central living room), for 1 or 2 people (double-bed).	Great, nice and luminous room in a modern, decorated and exceptionally situated flat. Only 150m from the Trocadéro square, in front of the Eiffel Tower famous view spot. At the very heart of the well-known and pleasant Passy district, the quietest and safiest of Paris. A great room of 10-15 sqm in a 65 sqm apartment (with a central living room), for 1 or 2 people (double-bed). Just a step from very nice restaurants and many shops (food / shopping, etc.). Washing-machines with dryers at just few steps from the flat. I will introduce you the district and show you all that you would need to know around the place. This district is especially calm, secure and quiet (the apartment is located just in front of an embassy), with easy access to all commodities just within a stone throw. Just a 150m walk to get the Metro stations Passy (Line 6) or Trocadéro (Line 6 and Line 9). Buses (phone number hidden) and 72 (all very close to the place) will help you reach all type of Paris' districts. 2 Vel
23360	Charme de l'ancien (parquet, cheminées) remis à neuf.  L'appartement est situé dans un immeuble de standing, avec une gardienne.  L'appartement de 30m2 est composé d'un salon/ chambre à coucher, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain séparée.  Il offre une vue sur l'Arc de Triomphe. Il est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur.	Magnifique T1 bis, tout confort à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs-Elysées. Très lumineux, il est idéal pour un couple. Proche de toutes commodités: transport, supermarchés et cafés. Charme de l'ancien (parquet, cheminées) remis à neuf.  L'appartement est situé dans un immeuble de standing, avec une gardienne.  L'appartement de 30m2 est composé d'un salon/ chambre à coucher, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain séparée.  Il offre une vue sur l'Arc de Triomphe. Il est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est entièrement meublé: Canapé lit convertible facile à déplier (La Maison du Convertible), Machine à laver, Four, Plaques de cuisson électriques, Micro-ondes, Cafetière Nespresso, Grille-Pain, Bouilloire, Chaîne-Hifi, Imprimante, fer et table à repasser. Profitez de la beauté et du charme du 16ème arrondissement.  Situé à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe, des Champs Elysées, et du Bois de Boulogne. Le quartier est sécurisé et résidentiel. L'appartement est situé à 
23361	"The place is a very large apartment with a unique ""bourgeois-boheme"" style, conveniently located on the ground floor of the building. It includes 3 double bedrooms, 1 living room, 2 bathrooms, 1 laundry room, 1 kitchen and dining space. Ideal for families or groups. There are two pianos in one of the bedrooms so musicians are welcome!"	"A spacious and cosy 3 bedroom apartment with a very special bohemian-chic atmosphere with arty decoration and atypical objects from all around the world! Fits up to 6 (3 double bedrooms). Located on a quiet street with excellent subway connection. 7 minutes walk distance from Eiffel Tower! The place is a very large apartment with a unique ""bourgeois-boheme"" style, conveniently located on the ground floor of the building. It includes 3 double bedrooms, 1 living room, 2 bathrooms, 1 laundry room, 1 kitchen and dining space. Ideal for families or groups. There are two pianos in one of the bedrooms so musicians are welcome! You're at home in the entire flat. Feel free to use the kitchen and the washing room, etc. There is wifi. Supermaket and all amenities less than 5 minutes walking distance. The flat is located very near Eiffel Tower, and next to rue de Passy, one of Paris' finest shopping areas. Metro station Passy is just 3min away! Our devoted and extremely friendly cleaning lady from"
23362	very luminous charm of old French building  with modern features in the appartment Next to Eiffel Tower	Nice and Cosy 2 rooms flat on 6th floor, with an elevator, very homely and luminous. 6min walk to Eiffel Tower and Trocadéro, 5 min walk to shops. It has a living room with a comfy convertible sofa, a room (2p), a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom. very luminous charm of old French building  with modern features in the appartment Next to Eiffel Tower Metro L.6 and 9 Bus 63 Vélib' station just in front of the building
23363	"Confortable and well equipped 18 sqm ground floor studio located rue Pergolèse within walking distance from Arc de Triomphe, Porte Maillot (Beauvais airport shuttle bus), and Bois de Boulogne (for joggers). It accommodates 2 people with a 140*200 cm sofa double bed. It is located at 450 m from ""Porte Maillot"" (metro station line 1, RER station line C, bus station - shuttle bus from/to Beauvais airport), 600 m from ""Argentine"" metro station (line 1), 700 m from ""Victor Hugo"" metro station (line 2) and 900 m from Arc de Triomphe. The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (electric stove, fan, toaster, filter coffee maker, kettle...), bathroom (shower stall, hair dryer, basin and toilet) and TV flat screen. You have all you need at the door of the building : supermarket, chemist, french traditional bakery and tobacco shop within 200 m. Very convenient location for those who land at Beauvais airport. * Towels and linens provided * €200 refundable security deposit by credit card. "	"Confortable and well equipped 18 sqm ground floor studio located rue Pergolèse within walking distance from Arc de Triomphe, Porte Maillot (Beauvais airport shuttle bus), and Bois de Boulogne (for joggers). Confortable and well equipped 18 sqm ground floor studio located rue Pergolèse within walking distance from Arc de Triomphe, Porte Maillot (Beauvais airport shuttle bus), and Bois de Boulogne (for joggers). It accommodates 2 people with a 140*200 cm sofa double bed. It is located at 450 m from ""Porte Maillot"" (metro station line 1, RER station line C, bus station - shuttle bus from/to Beauvais airport), 600 m from ""Argentine"" metro station (line 1), 700 m from ""Victor Hugo"" metro station (line 2) and 900 m from Arc de Triomphe. The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (electric stove, fan, toaster, filter coffee maker, kettle...), bathroom (shower stall, hair dryer, basin and toilet) and TV flat screen. You have all you need at the door of the building : supermarket, chem"
23364	Our Haussmannien flat is 100m2 ie 1076ft2 totally renovated with a large living, interior chimney, crown moulding, a large modern kitchen with a dining table for 8, 3 bedrooms ( 2 with double bed and 1 with single bed for a child). The flat is located in the 16e arrondissement near rue de Passy, Beaugrenelle large chic mall near Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro, Seine river. You will find a supermarket at 100m, a bakery and a bookshop at 50m, a pharmacy and butcher at 100m. If you want to run or relax the Bois de Boulogne is in 10 min walk away.	Welcome at home in our apartment refurbished with 3 bedrooms, large living with 2 sofas, large and fully equipped kitchen. Located in a quiet street and be awaken by song birds. Near Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle mall, Trocadéro, Passy.
23365	Charming 61 square meters appartment with an entrance, a double sejour, an independant kitchen well-equiped, a bathroom and one bedroom.  Ideally situated in the North of 16th arrondissement just 5 minutes walk from Trocadero, Eiffel tower and 10 minutes walk from Champs Élysées and Triumph Arc.  You will enjoy your stay in this calm area with many options to discover and embrace the city	Charming 61 square meters appartment with an entrance, a double sejour, an independant kitchen well-equiped, a bathroom and one bedroom.  Ideally situated in the North of 16th arrondissement just 5 minutes walk from Trocadero, Eiffel tower and 10 minutes walk from Champs Élysées and Triumph Arc.  You will enjoy your stay in this calm area with many options to discover and embrace the city Fully furnished with: double bed king size, double sofa bed, plasma TV, Wi-Fi, dining table and washing machine Ideal for couples, friends and business travellers that want everything at reach. The modern kitchen is fully equiped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction cooker, microwave, coking oven and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home – hair dryer, iron, toaster, blender, kettle and more. The owner will greet you on arrival, hand you over the keys and explain to you how to use the different amenities. There are plenty of supermarkets,shops and restaurants, in particu
23366	J'ai entièrement refait tout mon appartement pendant près de 6 mois l'année dernière. Tout cassé, tout redessiné, et tout construit sur mesure avec mes petites mains. Le résultat est un appartement atypique, lumineux et super confortable, et dans lequel je suis vraiment bien. J'espère que vous y passerez d'aussi bons moments que moi !	J'ai entièrement refait cet appartement l'année dernière, afin d'en faire un petit bijou de confort et de lumière. Plus de murs : juste une verrière, un vrai lit, une belle cuisine, une grande douche à l'italienne sous les toîts et... la tour Eiffel. J'ai entièrement refait tout mon appartement pendant près de 6 mois l'année dernière. Tout cassé, tout redessiné, et tout construit sur mesure avec mes petites mains. Le résultat est un appartement atypique, lumineux et super confortable, et dans lequel je suis vraiment bien. J'espère que vous y passerez d'aussi bons moments que moi ! Vous êtes au 7eme étage avec ascenseur, tout l'appartement est à vous ! S'il y à le moindre problème, mon frère habite en face... Je serai ravi de vous rendre ce séjour aussi agréable que possible ! Et si je ne suis pas en voyage, n'hésitez pas à m'appeler ! A deux pas du Trocadero, 10 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et au croisement de la rue de Passy (Shopping) et de la rue de l'Annonciation (petits commerces 
23367	Nous vous proposons de séjourner dans un très bel appartement idéalement situé entre les deux plus beaux monuments parisiens : vous êtes à 5 minutes à pied de l’Arc de Triomphe/Champs Elysées, à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. L’environnement très central et privilégié de l’appartement, situé dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien avec ascenseur, à deux pas de la place du Trocadéro, offre un cadre idéal pour un séjour romantique dans la capitale. La rue de l’Amiral Hamelin offre quant à elle une magnifique perspective sur la Tour Eiffel. L’appartement, un vaste deux pièces situé au 4ème étage donnant sur jardins avec une très belle vue tour Eiffel (photo), développe une superficie de 60 m². Il se compose d’une cuisine/salle à manger, une salle de bain avec vaste baignoire ; un salon et une grande chambre. Le mobilier est épuré et confortable. Nous mettons à votre disposition une TV écran plat 107cm avec un système son BOSE et 150 chaines dont CANAL + et BEIN SPORTS. La cuisine est	Nous vous proposons de séjourner dans un très bel appartement idéalement situé entre les deux plus beaux monuments parisiens : vous êtes à 5 minutes à pied de l’Arc de Triomphe/Champs Elysées, à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. L’environnement tr Nous vous proposons de séjourner dans un très bel appartement idéalement situé entre les deux plus beaux monuments parisiens : vous êtes à 5 minutes à pied de l’Arc de Triomphe/Champs Elysées, à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. L’environnement très central et privilégié de l’appartement, situé dans un très bel immeuble haussmannien avec ascenseur, à deux pas de la place du Trocadéro, offre un cadre idéal pour un séjour romantique dans la capitale. La rue de l’Amiral Hamelin offre quant à elle une magnifique perspective sur la Tour Eiffel. L’appartement, un vaste deux pièces situé au 4ème étage donnant sur jardins avec une très belle vue tour Eiffel (photo), développe une superficie de 60 m². Il se compose d’une cuisine/salle à manger, 
23368	Studio just completely renovated In Haussmannin building with elevator; All requirements for a peaceful stay: towels, fresh cheats… You will found the air conditioning quite useful Paris could be amazingly hot. There is a double bed and if needed a extra folding spring one. In the kitchen there is a good oven and 2 strong induction hitter. All requirements for proper food making up to the oyster-opening tool. The new shower with its multiple sprinkler will give you a gentle massage to relax after your long days. To visit the city there it is a wonderful place: Arc the triumph latterly at the door step.  Champs Elysée at 1minute Eiffel tower at 2 metro station (a good wok is often preferred) Louvre at 10 minutes per metro Montmartre direct metro ling and 15 estimated minute. 	Renovated, cosy studio in a Haussmann building, in front of the Arc de Triomphe, at the last floor facing south internal court. At the foot of the house you will found Metro (1,2 et 6) RER A, tourist bus and all airport bus.    Studio just completely renovated In Haussmannin building with elevator; All requirements for a peaceful stay: towels, fresh cheats… You will found the air conditioning quite useful Paris could be amazingly hot. There is a double bed and if needed a extra folding spring one. In the kitchen there is a good oven and 2 strong induction hitter. All requirements for proper food making up to the oyster-opening tool. The new shower with its multiple sprinkler will give you a gentle massage to relax after your long days. To visit the city there it is a wonderful place: Arc the triumph latterly at the door step.  Champs Elysée at 1minute Eiffel tower at 2 metro station (a good wok is often preferred) Louvre at 10 minutes per metro Montmartre direct metro ling and 15 estim
23369	Apartment of about 78 (website hidden) with 2 bedrooms and 5 sleeps - ideal for 2 adults and 2 children There is a living area with a single sofa, a dining room, separate kitchen, master spacious bedroom with a double bed ( king size= 180x200) + a single bed and a single bedroom with a single bed plus an extra mattress if necessary.  Fireplaces (not in use :-)) in all the rooms give  unique features and french characteristics to the flat.	Lovelyapartment of about 76 (website hidden) with 2 bedrooms located  in the very exclusive neighbourhoods  of the 16th district - in the metro station  “Ranelagh” line 9 - nearby Trocadero district (3 metro stations. 5mn). Apartment of about 78 (website hidden) with 2 bedrooms and 5 sleeps - ideal for 2 adults and 2 children There is a living area with a single sofa, a dining room, separate kitchen, master spacious bedroom with a double bed ( king size= 180x200) + a single bed and a single bedroom with a single bed plus an extra mattress if necessary.  Fireplaces (not in use :-)) in all the rooms give  unique features and french characteristics to the flat. HOW TO GET FROM THE FLAT TO THE AIRPORT:  Conveniently located at a 10 minutes metro ride to Charles de Gaulle Etoile, perfect for reaching Charles de Gaulle airport with the Air France shuttle (this service is available to all travelers, regardless the airline they are traveling with). Moreover, with the bus “PC” you can reach in 
23370	Beautiful studio in the heart of Paris, very good location (5 min. Walk from the Champs-Elysées and 12 min. Walk from Trocadero / Eiffel Tower) in a shopping street (Franprix, bakery, pharmacy, tobacconist, various restaurants, post office ...) In addition, you will be very well served by public transport (metro, bus and RER) Station: Charles de Gaulle-Étoile. Line: 1, 2, 6, RER A and RER B. Station: Kléber. Line 6. Station: Trocadéro. Line 6 and 9. In this cozy studio, you can accommodate up to 4 people (possibly 5 on request). It is separated into two parts, furnished with a large sofa bed in the living room side and a double bed in the next room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom has a bathtub. Everything is perfect to relax after a crazy day in the city of lights. Unlimited access to Wi-Fi and TV. The neighborhood is quiet and safe.	Beautiful studio in the heart of Paris, very good location (5 min. Walk from the Champs-Elysées and 12 min. Walk from Trocadero / Eiffel Tower) in a shopping street (Franprix, bakery, pharmacy, tobacconist, various restaurants, post office ...) In addition, you will be very well served by public transport (metro, bus and RER) Station: Charles de Gaulle-Étoile. Line: 1, 2, 6, RER A and RER B. Station: Kléber. Line 6. Station: Trocadéro. Line 6 and 9. In this cozy studio, you can accommodate up to 4 people (possibly 5 on request). It is separated into two parts, furnished with a large sofa bed in the living room side and a double bed in the next room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom has a bathtub. Everything is perfect to relax after a crazy day in the city of lights. Unlimited access to Wi-Fi and TV. The neighborhood is quiet and safe.
23371	This apartment is designed over two floors having a spacious living room, a dining area, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a fully equipped kitchen. On the lower floor you will find the living area, dining area, fully equipped kitchen The living area offers you plenty of room and is well furnished with an open bar Climbing to the top floor you have the master bedroom and its own bathroom and the second bedroom with also its own bathroom	Highly Desirable Location, spacious stunning penthouse!!! Perfectly situated  Avenue Kléber, just steps from  The Peninsula  hotel and avenue des Champs-Elysées! This apartment is designed over two floors having a spacious living room, a dining area, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a fully equipped kitchen. On the lower floor you will find the living area, dining area, fully equipped kitchen The living area offers you plenty of room and is well furnished with an open bar Climbing to the top floor you have the master bedroom and its own bathroom and the second bedroom with also its own bathroom This stunning Penthouse is situated   close to one of the most beautiful and famous avenues of the world the Champs-Elysee ,one of Paris's most fashionable streets bustling with restaurants, cafes and designer boutiques.    
23372	"APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement).  It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The building, the area & the apartment are extremely safe/secured. The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is ""Disabled"" friendly & perfect for families with children. It is spacious and well equipped. Its 2 terraces will make you enjoy one of the best dist"	The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement). APARTMENT & BUILDING INFORMATION The Elysee-Chaillot apartment is a charming, elegant & high standing 69 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment, which is ideally located at the 5th floor (out of 7 floors) of a luxurious building located in Rue de Chaillot (16th arrondissement).  It sleeps up to 4 people. The exhibition is ideal: South-east, wich means sunny. The 20th century building (designed by a French famous architect in 1980) is equipped with : 2 freshly renovated & large elevators leading to the apartment, 2 exits (a direct one leading outside & another one stopping by the lobby) and a main & luxurious lobby/reception (similar to hotels) with professional guardians & concierges available 24/7, who will be happy to assist you for any request. The bu
23373	This amazing apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an Haussmannian building secured by a door code first and then a second gate with a door code and an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. They all overlook a lovely courtyard planted with trees. During the summer season you will have the impression to live near a forest ! Entirely renewed recently and decorated by an interior designer, this wonderful 100sqm (1007sq ft) apartment has three bedrooms and three bathrooms. It can sleep up to seven guests. The apartment opens on a spacious entrance hall. Wooden floor, elegant piece of furniture, large mirror and an amazing picture of Paris. You will feel welcome at first sight ! The corridor will first lead to the master bedroom. It features a double bed 140×200, a desk, perfect to work in a private environment, a large wardrobe with mirror doors and a safe. The en suite bathroom has a bathtub with a shower handle. The toilets are in a separate room, opposite this bedroom, accessible 	Sumptuous 100sqm (1008sqft) apartment to rent in the famous Victor Hugo Avenue. With its three bedrooms and three bathrooms, it can comfortably sleep up to seven guests. You will love this wonderful place ! This amazing apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an Haussmannian building secured by a door code first and then a second gate with a door code and an intercom. The windows are double-glazed. They all overlook a lovely courtyard planted with trees. During the summer season you will have the impression to live near a forest ! Entirely renewed recently and decorated by an interior designer, this wonderful 100sqm (1007sq ft) apartment has three bedrooms and three bathrooms. It can sleep up to seven guests. The apartment opens on a spacious entrance hall. Wooden floor, elegant piece of furniture, large mirror and an amazing picture of Paris. You will feel welcome at first sight ! The corridor will first lead to the master bedroom. It features a double bed 140×200, a desk, perfect to
23374	Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family !! the flat is on the ground floor of a nice building.  Located near the house of the famous writer Balzac, and near the Eiffel Tower, the area is really amazing and full of bars and restaurants.  This amazing flat will literaly charm you, it can accomodate four people. The living room is spacious and there is a great and comfortable sofa in which you can relax, also you will find a little table and two big armchairs. The decoration is between tradition and modernity, the atmosphere is quiet and peacefull, it is a very charming place.  You will have the access to the WiFi and television. The dinner room is not separated and contains a large table on which you will be able to eat for 6 persons.  There are 3 bedrooms, in the first one, you will find a double bed suitable for 2 persons, in the second one you will find a simple bed for 1 person, it is a very beautiful room well decorated	Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family! The flat is on the ground floor of a nice building. You will love it with a large terrasse surroundings a nice garden. Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family !! the flat is on the ground floor of a nice building.  Located near the house of the famous writer Balzac, and near the Eiffel Tower, the area is really amazing and full of bars and restaurants.  This amazing flat will literaly charm you, it can accomodate four people. The living room is spacious and there is a great and comfortable sofa in which you can relax, also you will find a little table and two big armchairs. The decoration is between tradition and modernity, the atmosphere is quiet and peacefull, it is a very charming place.  You will have the access to the WiFi and television. The dinner room is not separated and contains a large table on which you will
23375	The Parisian Burrow a small space where there is a shower,small kitchen, sink, refrigerator, and other space with a bed and a corner for an air mattress (I have two, for one and two persons). The Burrow space: For one person is confortable, for two is just, for 3 or 4 is not confortable but there are space to sleep for all (including the kitchen).	Situated in the 16th district of Paris, very close of the Eiffel Tower and public transport. The Burrow is quite tiny, not luxurious but cozy, For simple travelers and good vibes!
23376	Loft of 70 m2 conveniently located in the Trocadero, a few minutes from the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees.  The loft can host 2 to 4 people located on the 1st floor.  The room is composed of a large comfortable double bed (160 cm) of new sheets and comforter, and two large window doors.  The entrance has very large storage cabinets hidden behind doors mirrors.  In the living room, you will find a double sofa bed (140 cm), flat screen TV (107 cm), chairs and table. Duvets and linen are provided.  The kitchen is equipped with halogen hob, a refrigerator, a microwave, a freezer, a dishwasher, electric kettle, a toaster, a provided crockery cupboard.  At your disposal in the bathroom, towels, cabin shower, sink and toilet.	Loft of 70 m2 conveniently located in the Trocadero, a few minutes from the Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysees.  The loft can host 2 to 4 people located on the 1st floor.  The room is composed of a large comfortable double bed (160 cm) of new sheets and comforter, and two large window doors.  The entrance has very large storage cabinets hidden behind doors mirrors.  In the living room, you will find a double sofa bed (140 cm), flat screen TV (107 cm), chairs and table. Duvets and linen are provided.  The kitchen is equipped with halogen hob, a refrigerator, a microwave, a freezer, a dishwasher, electric kettle, a toaster, a provided crockery cupboard.  At your disposal in the bathroom, towels, cabin shower, sink and toilet.
23377	THE FLAT Over its elegant avenues, the sixteenth arrondissement of Paris offers a true path strollers Art Nouveau in the footsteps of the architect Hector Guimard and his disciples. All that holds tresors Art Nouveau neighborhood, Gallery Argentina is probably one of the least known. The boat of glass architecture of the early twentieth century is beautiful... Good news : you will pass through this gallery to reach your room, hidden under the roofs, at the seventh floor (no lift). Light oak floor, clean white walls and dormer windows : the places have an incredible charm...  Sunny, the guest room offers a cozy spot for Paris' lovers around the world. From the windows,  flowers stay all summer. Look out and see the sunset over the zinc roofs of Paris and La Defense. Lie on the bed covered with a white duvet : at night, you are a front row seat to see Paris glittering.  Cliché ? No doubt, but never tired of it !  THE BEDROOM The bedroom is large with two windows (22 m2).  The bed is a la	THE FLAT Over its elegant avenues, the sixteenth arrondissement of Paris offers a true path strollers Art Nouveau in the footsteps of the architect Hector Guimard and his disciples. All that holds tresors Art Nouveau neighborhood, Gallery Argentina is probably one of the least known. The boat of glass architecture of the early twentieth century is beautiful... Good news : you will pass through this gallery to reach your room, hidden under the roofs, at the seventh floor (no lift). Light oak floor, clean white walls and dormer windows : the places have an incredible charm...  Sunny, the guest room offers a cozy spot for Paris' lovers around the world. From the windows,  flowers stay all summer. Look out and see the sunset over the zinc roofs of Paris and La Defense. Lie on the bed covered with a white duvet : at night, you are a front row seat to see Paris glittering.  Cliché ? No doubt, but never tired of it !  THE BEDROOM The bedroom is large with two windows (22 m2).  The bed is a la
23378	The apartment is located in a very safe area, problems won't happen to you here. The neighborhood is composed of rich people, and important embassies. Amazing Proximity with Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées, the Eiffel Tower.	"Wonderful Flat based on one of the most Fancy avenue of Paris. Perfectly located if you wanna be safe, and ,close to all the most famous touristic monument (Arc de Triomphe (5mn by walk) , Champs Elysees (10mn by walk), Eiffel Tower (15 mn by walk) The apartment is located in a very safe area, problems won't happen to you here. The neighborhood is composed of rich people, and important embassies. Amazing Proximity with Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées, the Eiffel Tower. Wifi, TV, Heating, AC, Washing Machine, Supermarket very close (80 meters), Fitness (300 meters), Swimming Pool (300 meters), Steam pressing (in front of the apartment). All the best restaurants, bars, clubs are very close (the flat is also very close to the famous parisian ""Golden Corner"")  I will give my  maximum to be present to give you the keys and to accommodate you. If it is not the case, my caretaker will accommodate you with as much sympathy. I would be on the other hand constantly reachable on my phone to  "
23379	Perfect apartment for a stay in Paris.  Located in the beautiful and very safe 16th arrondissement of Paris, in Passy. The apartment is on the 5th floor (with an elevator) of an Hausmmanian building.  FULLY RENOVATED apartment with 2 bedrooms (2 beds ). METRO:      10 min            CHAMPS ELYSEES                         8 min            TROCADERO and EIFFEL TOWER BUS:              5 min            EIFFEL TOWER WALK:           8 min           rue de PASSY                       Enjoy this french quarter by walking and shopping in Passy or Auteuil minutes away. Close to excellent restaurants and a French market (Organic French groceries). Enjoy gourmet food at France's TOP CHEF 2012 winner, his restaurant is located next door!  Go jogging or rent a bike in front of the apartment and go biking by the Seine and the Eiffel tower!  The metro is 5 min away and you can either take Metro Ranelagh on line 9 or metro Mirabeau on line 10.  The apartment is fully furnished with TV, high speed inter	Perfect apartment for a stay in Paris.  Located in the beautiful and very safe 16th arrondissement of Paris, in Passy. The apartment is on the 5th floor (with an elevator) of an Hausmmanian building.  FULLY RENOVATED apartment with 2 bedrooms (2 beds ). METRO:      10 min            CHAMPS ELYSEES                         8 min            TROCADERO and EIFFEL TOWER BUS:              5 min            EIFFEL TOWER WALK:           8 min           rue de PASSY                       Enjoy this french quarter by walking and shopping in Passy or Auteuil minutes away. Close to excellent restaurants and a French market (Organic French groceries). Enjoy gourmet food at France's TOP CHEF 2012 winner, his restaurant is located next door!  Go jogging or rent a bike in front of the apartment and go biking by the Seine and the Eiffel tower!  The metro is 5 min away and you can either take Metro Ranelagh on line 9 or metro Mirabeau on line 10.  The apartment is fully furnished with TV, high speed inter
23380		Hello,  Il s'agit d'un beau deux pièces de 45 m2 typiquement parisien avec une capacité d'accueillir 2 couples puisqu'il y a deux lits. Il se trouve en plein XVI, rue de la pompe, à 10 minute de la Tour Eiffel. A proximité de supermarchés, artisan 
23381	"A real balcony on Champs-Elysée with a direct sight on Eiffel Tower. 40 square meters with a main room 25 square meters. Frigdge, microwave, coffee machine, bathroom with bath,  a separate toilet.  Can eat in the appartment Very fashion area of Paris.  A balcony with a sight on Eiffel Tower, and a direct view on Champs-Elysée, and a ""pocket garden"" on the balcony.  Very few people can say they sleep on Champs-Elysées avenue.  Have to feed three birds and give water to the plants. Club armchairs and decorated with african art, in the style of Quai Branly museum.   Sleep in a ""canapé lit"" - a good bed for day to day use. Can have extra capacity for sleeping for two kids (on the ground). Fitness club in the building and nice shops all around, Vuitton, Sephora, Fnac, Virgin, Fouquet's, Montaigne Avenue, museums such as ""Petit Palais"" and ""Grand Palais"", drugstores, food at Monoprix. Mac Do just located in the nearby Galerie. Jardin des Tuileries at the bottom of the avenue.  Georges V subw"	"A real balcony on Champs-Elysée with a direct sight on Eiffel Tower. 40 square meters with a main room 25 square meters. Frigdge, microwave, coffee machine, bathroom with bath,  a separate toilet.  Can eat in the appartment Very fashion area of Paris.  A balcony with a sight on Eiffel Tower, and a direct view on Champs-Elysée, and a ""pocket garden"" on the balcony.  Very few people can say they sleep on Champs-Elysées avenue.  Have to feed three birds and give water to the plants. Club armchairs and decorated with african art, in the style of Quai Branly museum.   Sleep in a ""canapé lit"" - a good bed for day to day use. Can have extra capacity for sleeping for two kids (on the ground). Fitness club in the building and nice shops all around, Vuitton, Sephora, Fnac, Virgin, Fouquet's, Montaigne Avenue, museums such as ""Petit Palais"" and ""Grand Palais"", drugstores, food at Monoprix. Mac Do just located in the nearby Galerie. Jardin des Tuileries at the bottom of the avenue.  Georges V subw"
23382	Comfy apt. 2 min walk from the Arc de Triomphe & Av. des Champs Elysees, 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and most sightseeings of Paris. Very quiet and well deserted by metro & bus. Grocery store, nice bars&restaurants steps away from the place.  Charming apartment of 35m2 in Av. Victor Hugo in the heart of Paris, 2nd floor!  High ceiling, double glazing and wooden floor. Fully Equipped, 100 meters from the Arc de Triomphe & Av. des Champs Elysees, 10 min walk from the Trocadero and Eiffel tower. Whether you are traveling as a couple, family or professional reasons, you'll love this apartment full of charm of the Hausmann Epoque.  The apartment is in a safe & quiet avenue while being at the heart area with many shops, grocery stores, bars and restaurants. Access:  Metro Line 1, 2, 6. Station Charles de Gaulle Etoile - 1 min walk  RER A station Charles de Gaulle Etoile - 1 min walk  Metro Line 6. Station Kleber - 1 min walk Many bus lines and stations Vélib & Autolib  The location of 	Comfy apt. 2 min walk from the Arc de Triomphe & Av. des Champs Elysees, 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and most sightseeings of Paris. Very quiet and well deserted by metro & bus. Grocery store, nice bars&restaurants steps away from the place.  Comfy apt. 2 min walk from the Arc de Triomphe & Av. des Champs Elysees, 10 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and most sightseeings of Paris. Very quiet and well deserted by metro & bus. Grocery store, nice bars&restaurants steps away from the place.  Charming apartment of 35m2 in Av. Victor Hugo in the heart of Paris, 2nd floor!  High ceiling, double glazing and wooden floor. Fully Equipped, 100 meters from the Arc de Triomphe & Av. des Champs Elysees, 10 min walk from the Trocadero and Eiffel tower. Whether you are traveling as a couple, family or professional reasons, you'll love this apartment full of charm of the Hausmann Epoque.  The apartment is in a safe & quiet avenue while being at the heart area with many shops, grocery stores, bars 
23383	100 sqm, 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathrooms, Sleeps 6. With an incredible view of the eiffel tower (5mn Walk) and la Seine (the river of Paris). Located steps away from the famed Champs Elysees (7mn walk), avenue montaigne (Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Versace, Hermes…)  and all museum and attractions (Palais de Tokyo, Quai Branly, Le Grand Palais, Notre Dame, Place de la Concorde...) this luxurious 100 square meter two-bedroom, one bathroom apartment is the perfect home-away-from-home for a delightful Parisian holiday.  THE APARTMENT : Located on the French 1st floor (US 2d floor) with elevator, bright apartment will offer you a confortable stay. This is a typical Haussmanian Parisian building.  LIVING ROOM : One big sofa and two chair. Wifi and phone (local call for free).  One person can sleep on the sofa. Also we can accomodate with an air matress. With a view of the Eiffel Tower. MASTER ROOM : One king size bed. A 52’’ pouce TV, a DVD player, an Ipod Station with CD 	Luxury 2 bedrooms Apartment between the Eiffel Tower & the Champs Elysées. Fantastic view of the eiffel tower from the apartment. Ideal luxury place to enjoy your stay in Paris with your familly and friends. Paris#beautiful#apartment#clean#luxe#spacious#confortable#view#    100 sqm, 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathrooms, Sleeps 6. With an incredible view of the eiffel tower (5mn Walk) and la Seine (the river of Paris). Located steps away from the famed Champs Elysees (7mn walk), avenue montaigne (Louis Vuitton, Dior, Gucci, Versace, Hermes…)  and all museum and attractions (Palais de Tokyo, Quai Branly, Le Grand Palais, Notre Dame, Place de la Concorde...) this luxurious 100 square meter two-bedroom, one bathroom apartment is the perfect home-away-from-home for a delightful Parisian holiday.  THE APARTMENT : Located on the French 1st floor (US 2d floor) with elevator, bright apartment will offer you a confortable stay. This is a typical Haussmanian Parisian building.  LIVIN
23384	Fonctionnel et spacieux dans un immeuble calme et bien entretenu de 7 étages, avec ascenseur . Situé dans la partie commerçante et animée du 16ème arrondissement, à 100m du Parc des princes et du bois de Boulogne. l'appartement est agréable et facile à vivre.	Ensoleillé et confortable. Agréable à vivre.  Idéal pour une famille. Literie de qualité avec 1 chambre adultes lit 1,60m + 1 chambre enfants avec lit 1,20 m , lit bébé et de nombreux jouets. Dressing. Superficie : 100m2. Fonctionnel et spacieux dans un immeuble calme et bien entretenu de 7 étages, avec ascenseur . Situé dans la partie commerçante et animée du 16ème arrondissement, à 100m du Parc des princes et du bois de Boulogne. l'appartement est agréable et facile à vivre. Pas de restriction d'accès dans le logement. Si je peux contribuer à prendre votre séjour plus agréable, avec plaisir ( conseils, infos pratiques... Le quartier est fort agréable avec une vie de quartier. Ambiance familiale. Nombreux commerces et restaurants. 3 fois par semaine un marché typiquement parisien s'installe sur l'avenue . Parcs avec aire de jeu pour les enfants et possibilité de pique nique. Le bois de Boulogne et ses attractions est à 10mn à pied. Bref, parfait pour allier tourisme et détente Apparte
23385	Our apartment is beautiful and comfortable. It is spacious, modern, quiet, has high ceilings.	Ready to stay in an amazing contemporary design flat? You'll have your own bathroom, in a super comfortable space, with a huge kitchen and living room. It is very quiet. Close to 2 metro lines that get you anywhere, 10 min away from the Eiffel Tower! Our apartment is beautiful and comfortable. It is spacious, modern, quiet, has high ceilings. You will have your own bedroom and bathroom with rain shower. Living room and kitchen are shared. There is a piano that you're welcome to use! The neighbourhood is beautiful, clean, quiet. It has cafes, supermarkets, shops. Public transport is very convenient. We are 3min away from 2 metro stations: lines 9 and 10. These two lines make it very easy to go anywhere in Paris. There are also 5 buses nearby.
23386	Hi there,very nice one bedroom apartment ,Location:- located in Paris 16th, trocadero. 3 stations away from the Champs Elysées, and 2-3 min walk to the Eiffel Tower.  The appartment:- Very nice to live in, very convenient.- Fully furnished appartment, with High speed internet and TV- Medium size  kitchen - living room with big screen TV - Big bathroom with a good size shower. All the furnitures are new in this apartment.  All facilities within 2 min walks : - grocery stores: 2 Franprix, Monoprix, Passy Plaza. Little convenient store right outside of the appartment open until 2am- boulangerie within 2 minutes walk- bar/restaurants with terrasse and many other restaurants in the area.	Very nice one bedroom apartment, located in Paris 16th, Passy-Trocadero. Beautiful and safe neibourhood One station away from Charles de Gaule Etoile and les Champs Elysées 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel tower. Hi there,very nice one bedroom apartment ,Location:- located in Paris 16th, trocadero. 3 stations away from the Champs Elysées, and 2-3 min walk to the Eiffel Tower.  The appartment:- Very nice to live in, very convenient.- Fully furnished appartment, with High speed internet and TV- Medium size  kitchen - living room with big screen TV - Big bathroom with a good size shower. All the furnitures are new in this apartment.  All facilities within 2 min walks : - grocery stores: 2 Franprix, Monoprix, Passy Plaza. Little convenient store right outside of the appartment open until 2am- boulangerie within 2 minutes walk- bar/restaurants with terrasse and many other restaurants in the area. Wifi, TV, Microwave, all kitchen utilities, towels, shampoo, soap, hairdryer... Mail, Telephone,
23387	The apartment opens onto a small foyer; on the right is the double bedroom (140 cm double bed) with a 2-door wall closet, a TV set, two bedside tables and a double glazed window overlooking the quiet inner courtyard. On the left you find the bathroom with shower stall, basin and wc; the room is provided with a window with views of a second courtyard.  At the end of the corridor you find the living area with an open plan kitchen fitted with countertop, washer, a tiny dishwasher and a black fridge. The living area has two windows, one with views of the street and the other facing the same courtyard the bathroom looks onto. The day area offers a double sofa bed (140 cm), a velvet armchair, a small table, TV set and a dining table with 4 chairs (2 can be folded and hidden behind the fridge).  All the rooms but the bathroom and the kitchen have parquet flooring.	Modern one bedroom apartment of approx 32 (website hidden), located in one of Paris’ most exclusive residential areas, steps from the Arc de Triomphe and the Trocadero. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor (without elevator). The apartment opens onto a small foyer; on the right is the double bedroom (140 cm double bed) with a 2-door wall closet, a TV set, two bedside tables and a double glazed window overlooking the quiet inner courtyard. On the left you find the bathroom with shower stall, basin and wc; the room is provided with a window with views of a second courtyard.  At the end of the corridor you find the living area with an open plan kitchen fitted with countertop, washer, a tiny dishwasher and a black fridge. The living area has two windows, one with views of the street and the other facing the same courtyard the bathroom looks onto. The day area offers a double sofa bed (140 cm), a velvet armchair, a small table, TV set and a dining table with 4 chairs (2 can be folded a
23388	This one bedroom apartment of 646 square feet (60 square meters) is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, on rue Boileau, Auteuil district close the the Bois de Boulogne and la Maison de la Radio. Fully renovated in 2014 by architect, the apartment offers 1 large living/dining room with balcony where you can eat, 1 equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. On the 3rd floor, it offers a lifestyle friendly, design and modern. It can welcome up to 2 people. The closest metro station is Michel-Ange Molitor.	Beautiful 1 bedroom apartment, fully renovated in 2014 by architect. Located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, it is a perfect place for a leisure or business trip. This one bedroom apartment of 646 square feet (60 square meters) is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, on rue Boileau, Auteuil district close the the Bois de Boulogne and la Maison de la Radio. Fully renovated in 2014 by architect, the apartment offers 1 large living/dining room with balcony where you can eat, 1 equipped kitchen, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 toilet. On the 3rd floor, it offers a lifestyle friendly, design and modern. It can welcome up to 2 people. The closest metro station is Michel-Ange Molitor. - Washing machine - Dryer - Dishwasher - Oven - Wifi unlimited - International tv chanels - DVD player - Hifi sound system - Sheets and towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. A district very quiet, secure and luxury, it is very good served by transport close to the apartment (Bus, Metro a
23389		Studio bien équipé, Je vous accueille chez moi : joli studio refait à neuf et entièrement équipé dans un immeuble typique années 30. I welcome you in my home: attractive 1 bedroom appartment made new & completely equipped in a typical 30's buildin
23390		Amazing studio available for renting right near Effeil Tower (200 meters) 6th floor (with no elevator, welcome to Paris :) ) The Studio is clean and very bright. under the roof with a furnished kitchen and bathroom. 2 people max allowed. Wifi, washing machin
23391		Deux pièces spacieux (55 m²)et calme dans le 16e arrondissement - métro Jasmin ligne 9 (à 1 minute à pieds) Grand salon de 30 m² , chambre avec salle de bains, cusine aménagée et bacon filant pour fumeurs.
23392	Appartement situé Rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris Studio de 40 mètres carré, équipé d'un  lit queen size, et d'un canapé-lit. 	Appartement situé Rue Chalgrin  75016 Paris Studio de 40 mètres carré, équipé d'un  lit queen size, et d'un canapé-lit. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement. L'appartement est situé à 200 mètres de la Place de l'Etoile à proximité du métro. Métro Argentine (Ligne 1), Charles de Gaulle Etoile (Rer A) Equipements : Télévision grand écran plate, Home Cinéma, Lave-linge, Four micro-onde, Hotte aspirante, frigidaire
23393	Mon appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, et vivre comme des Parisiens pendant quelques jours. Il est parfait aussi pour vos séjours en famille. Plein Paris, XVI ème arrondissement. Proche Tour Eiffel et Seine. C'est un appartement très agréable, fort lumineux ; traditionnel, avec parquet et moulures, meublé de façon moderne au 3eme étage avec Ascenseur. Ce qui rend unique cet appartement, c'est sa situation, de premier choix, dans un quartier à la fois touristique et commerçant, calme et tranquille, ou il fait bon vivre. Ainsi que la grande diversité de transports à proximité qui permet de se rendre directement dans de nombreux endroits de Paris. Et avec un changement, vous pourrez vous rendre partout ailleurs. 	Mon appartement est idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, et vivre comme des Parisiens pendant quelques jours. Il est parfait aussi pour vos séjours en famille. Plein Paris, XVI ème arrondissement. Proche Tour Eiffel et Seine. C'est un appartement très agréable, fort lumineux ; traditionnel, avec parquet et moulures, meublé de façon moderne au 3eme étage avec Ascenseur. Ce qui rend unique cet appartement, c'est sa situation, de premier choix, dans un quartier à la fois touristique et commerçant, calme et tranquille, ou il fait bon vivre. Ainsi que la grande diversité de transports à proximité qui permet de se rendre directement dans de nombreux endroits de Paris. Et avec un changement, vous pourrez vous rendre partout ailleurs.  2 Chambres : - une avec un grand lit double -  donnant sur une cour intérieure, très calme avec vue sur les arbres ..  - une seconde avec 2 lits simples  Une grande salle à manger, salon avec canapé lit convertible  avec un TV accès par internet La cuisine est é
23394	Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family !! the flat is on the ground floor of a nice building.  Located near the house of the famous writer Balzac, and near the Eiffel Tower, the area is really amazing and full of bars and restaurants.  This amazing flat will literaly charm you, it can accomodate four people. The living room is spacious and there is a great and comfortable sofa in which you can relax, also you will find a little table and two big armchairs. The decoration is between tradition and modernity, the atmosphere is quiet and peacefull, it is a very charming place.  You will have the access to the WiFi and television. The dinner room is not separated and contains a large table on which you will be able to eat for 6 persons.  There are 3 bedrooms, in the first one, you will find a double bed suitable for 2 persons, in the second one you will find a simple bed for 1 person, it is a very beautiful room well decorated	Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family or friends! The flat is on the ground floor of a nice building. You will enjoy your stay in it very much.  Welcome to this brand new and cosy 100m² flat, in which you will love to spend moments with your Family !! the flat is on the ground floor of a nice building.  Located near the house of the famous writer Balzac, and near the Eiffel Tower, the area is really amazing and full of bars and restaurants.  This amazing flat will literaly charm you, it can accomodate four people. The living room is spacious and there is a great and comfortable sofa in which you can relax, also you will find a little table and two big armchairs. The decoration is between tradition and modernity, the atmosphere is quiet and peacefull, it is a very charming place.  You will have the access to the WiFi and television. The dinner room is not separated and contains a large table on which you will be able to e
23395	"Very well located and served by public transport in the wealthy district of Paris. Quite and confortable, this 50m2 (550 square feet) apartment is cosy with a great view on the bois-de-Boulogne. Ideal for working out and chilling out in Paris: from 10min to the Eiffel Tower, 15 min to the Champs Elysées, the west side in your hand!  Make yourself at home and enjoy the fully Furnished and equipped kitchen, the living room with the sofa bed, the books and tv, the balcony, the bathroom and the bedroom with a huge storage dedicated to you One restriction: Animals are not allowed in this apt. Bois-de-Boulogne is magic. 2.5 bigger than Central Park in NYC, you will enjoy working out, go the the restaurant or chilling out at the lakefront by taking a ""barque"". You will find shopping streets around, especially Rue d'Auteuil or avenue Mozart, which will take you to the Eiffel Tower. Great tour! Roland Garros is just there. You maybe won't be there at the time of the tournament, but why don't yo"	This apt offers you a bed and a livingroom with awsome view.Between Eiffel Towers and Bois-de-Boulogne for working out,it is sunny every time of the day.Very charming, in a great and safe district well served,you will enjoy the Sunset in the balcony
23396	Adapté aussi bien pour les longs que pour les cours séjours, cet appartement fonctionnel vous offrira tout le confort souhaité tant en équipement qu'en rangement. Vous disposerez d'un cuisine aménagée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, d'une chambre avec lit double avec des rangements disponibles	"2 pieces ""de charme"" de 35 m2 , aménagement contemporain , calme et lumineux , grand confort , entierement équipé, petit balcon donnant sur jardin. Adapté aussi bien pour les longs que pour les cours séjours, cet appartement fonctionnel vous offrira tout le confort souhaité tant en équipement qu'en rangement. Vous disposerez d'un cuisine aménagée, d'une salle de bain avec douche, d'une chambre avec lit double avec des rangements disponibles L'appartement est très lumineux, il donne sur un jardin très calme, situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Les draps et les serviettes vous seront fournis lors de votre séjour afin que vous puissiez voyager plus léger. Je serai relativement joignable lors de votre séjour pour toutes questions par email ou par téléphone. Vous trouverez également un plan du quartier et des bons conseils Vous serez immergés dans un quartier très argéable et central. A deux pas du bois de boulogne, pour profiter de ballades ensoleillé, et également très proche du Trocadero"
23397		Une grande chambre indépendante pour 2 personnes au maximum (lit king size) dans un bel appartement dans le 16ème arrondissement. Quartier très sympathique et desservi par tous les types de transports à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel.
23398	Our apartment can accommodate up 2 people. It's in a great location. Literally just a few meters away from the subway, cafes, patisseries and a range of stores. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ De Mars are both only 10 minutes away by foot. There are incredible restaurants nearby and I'll be more than happy to share my list of favorites with you.	Our beautiful apartment is located in the heart of Paris' 16th district. Walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and easy access to 3 major subway lines (2, 6 and 9). Our apartment can accommodate up 2 people. It's in a great location. Literally just a few meters away from the subway, cafes, patisseries and a range of stores. The Eiffel Tower and the Champ De Mars are both only 10 minutes away by foot. There are incredible restaurants nearby and I'll be more than happy to share my list of favorites with you. There are two large TVs, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. A fully-equipped kitchen (with a dishwasher and a washing machine). Wifi, cable TV as well as a PS4 with a Netflix account you can use. We will do our best to make sure you enjoy your stay and we will be more than happy to recommend you with a list of things to do. **There's one inconvenience that you should bear in mind: the apartment is located on the fifth floor and has no elevator**
23399	Appartement d'une chambre et d'un séjour Situé : Rue Galilée 75016 Paris, à quelques pas de l’Avenue KLEBER Il se trouve au Rez-de-chaussée sur cour dans une copropriété très calme	Appartement Appartement d'une chambre et d'un séjour Situé : Rue Galilée 75016 Paris, à quelques pas de l’Avenue KLEBER Il se trouve au Rez-de-chaussée sur cour dans une copropriété très calme Vous aurez accès à tout l’appartement, le séjour, la cuisine, et la chambre. Disponible au téléphone 24 h / 24 pour le moindre problème. Appartement situé à quelques mètres de la place du Trocadéro et à 8 minutes à pied de la Place de l'Etoile Métro : Boissière (Ligne 6) Appartement situé à quelques mètres de la place du Trocadéro et à 8 minutes à pied de la Place de l'Etoile
