21000		Situé au cœur de Paris, à proximité des monuments célèbres, jardin du Luxembourg, Panthéon, Sorbonne, Notre Dame...Restaurants, commerces. Direct sur la ligne de transport des deux aéroports
21001	The fifth arrondissement is considered by many as THE capital’s heart. You will enjoy long walks along the Seine, second-hand book sellers, romantic restaurants, cinemas of the Latin Quarters, nice shops of Boulevard Saint-Michel, and the animated student life in the Saint-Michel area…. The Paris of your dreams is here, within easy reach! Located on the fifth floor of a lovely bourgeois building, our family apartment also offers a splendid view of the Notre-Dame cathedral’s towers. Furnished in a classical style with antique pieces of furniture, varnished wooden floor, and mouldings on the ceilings, the place is modelled on the neighbourhood’s image: brightened over time, with a tremendously Parisian charm.  A spacious entrance hall serves the vast living room and dining room on one side, which are bright, light, and plainly furnished, and the corridor leading to the bedrooms on the other side. Large bay windows and a balcony running the length of the apartment open up the space on the	       Bourgeois 2-bedroom apartment, at the heart of romantic Paris, with a view of Notre-Dame. Peaceful, bright, offers full comfort for up to 5 people. The fifth arrondissement is considered by many as THE capital’s heart. You will enjoy long walks along the Seine, second-hand book sellers, romantic restaurants, cinemas of the Latin Quarters, nice shops of Boulevard Saint-Michel, and the animated student life in the Saint-Michel area…. The Paris of your dreams is here, within easy reach! Located on the fifth floor of a lovely bourgeois building, our family apartment also offers a splendid view of the Notre-Dame cathedral’s towers. Furnished in a classical style with antique pieces of furniture, varnished wooden floor, and mouldings on the ceilings, the place is modelled on the neighbourhood’s image: brightened over time, with a tremendously Parisian charm.  A spacious entrance hall serves the vast living room and dining room on one side, which are bright, light, and plainly furnishe
21002	This new studio in the heart of Saint-Michel is beautiful and brand new, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Michel.  This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris : only two blocks away from the Cathedral Notre-Dame and La Sorbonne, you are in the very heart of the left bank. It is really easy to come to the studio from the airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) and from the train stations : Gare du Nord (Eurostar), Gare Montparnasse and Gare de l'Est (no connections with the metro and the RER). In the heart of the posh 5th district of Paris, this nice studio, fully renovated is located Rue Saint Séverin, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, you will find a great variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, cocktail bars and pastry shops (Maison Georges Larnicol).  This 21sqm studio offers a large living space with a Queen size bed and the wifi (all uses except Voip and downloads), a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom and a private toilet. This ch	This new studio in the heart of Saint-Michel is beautiful and fully renovated with a Queen size bed, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Michel and the latin quarter.  Come visit Paris ! This new studio in the heart of Saint-Michel is beautiful and brand new, it is perfectly located, enjoy the historic neightbourhood of Saint-Michel.  This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris : only two blocks away from the Cathedral Notre-Dame and La Sorbonne, you are in the very heart of the left bank. It is really easy to come to the studio from the airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle (CDG) and from the train stations : Gare du Nord (Eurostar), Gare Montparnasse and Gare de l'Est (no connections with the metro and the RER). In the heart of the posh 5th district of Paris, this nice studio, fully renovated is located Rue Saint Séverin, well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, you will find a great variety of restaurants, cafés, bars, cocktail bars and pastry
21003	"The apartment is located two minutes walk from the ""Notre-Dame"" Cathedral and 10 minutes walk from ""Le Marais""."	"Apartment in the heart of Paris with : - Kitchen - Room with large bed - 6th floor without lift. The apartment is located two minutes walk from the ""Notre-Dame"" Cathedral and 10 minutes walk from ""Le Marais"". I am available by email. Subway 4 : ""Saint-Michel"" (2 minutes walk). I'm at your disposal if you need good adresses."
21004	More than a room , it is a true suite of 25m2 we propose to discover. Featuring a private entrance and located close to the Luxembourg Gardens , the private suite with exposed beams and separate bathroom by a glass roof provides a nice volume to stay for two. You will stay independently and in peace. The three windows open on to a green courtyard . It offers comfort for your  : mini fridge, a Nespresso coffee machine and kettle .	Right in the heart of historic Paris, you will take advantage of an independent, completely renovated, quiet and sunny suite.  A true Parisian breakfast can be you , on request, proposed . More than a room , it is a true suite of 25m2 we propose to discover. Featuring a private entrance and located close to the Luxembourg Gardens , the private suite with exposed beams and separate bathroom by a glass roof provides a nice volume to stay for two. You will stay independently and in peace. The three windows open on to a green courtyard . It offers comfort for your  : mini fridge, a Nespresso coffee machine and kettle . Independent entrance located on the 3rd floor We remain at your disposal throughout your stay. The Latin Quarter is an major place of Paris where it settles a friendly and relaxed atmosphere. Historic monuments such as the Pantheon, Notre-Dame, the arena of Lutetia, the Sorbonne are just two steps away of the private room. You can also take advantage of numerous cafés and re
21005	Located on the 7th floor (with elevator) of a beautiful building right at the corner of the (website hidden). Germain and the rue St. Jacques, this apartment has two portable A/C units that can be used in the bedrooms or moved around as needed. It is high above the street activity, has triple light exposure and views over Paris. It is fully renovated with unusually striking design and has an interesting collection of large framed fin de siecle French art pieces on the walls. The large living room and dining area have beautiful hardwood floors and wonderful light, getting the sun for most of the day. The double-glazed windows minimize the city sounds. The living room has a modern comfortable Queen size sofa bed, two easy chairs, a small writing desk with chair, and coffee table. The dining area is furnished with a wood dining table with chairs. There is also cable TV, Stereo hi-fi, DVD player, DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi, and full domestic equipment (hair dryer, vacuum cleaner, iron 	This is a beautiful, dramatic apartment in the Latin Quarter on the Left Bank. It is located high above the Boulevard Saint Germain by Rue Saint Jacques and is just a short stroll from Notre Dame. It is opposite the Cluny museum and near the Sorbonne Located on the 7th floor (with elevator) of a beautiful building right at the corner of the (website hidden). Germain and the rue St. Jacques, this apartment has two portable A/C units that can be used in the bedrooms or moved around as needed. It is high above the street activity, has triple light exposure and views over Paris. It is fully renovated with unusually striking design and has an interesting collection of large framed fin de siecle French art pieces on the walls. The large living room and dining area have beautiful hardwood floors and wonderful light, getting the sun for most of the day. The double-glazed windows minimize the city sounds. The living room has a modern comfortable Queen size sofa bed, two easy chairs, a small wri
21006	"There is one room with a bed for 2 persons Little kitchen full equipped (nessperso, wash machine dish...) Little bath room full equipped (dry hair...) The kitchen and bath room are renew in may 2014. One  living-room with a sofa made by 2 individuals beds (new) confortable. All the blankets, towels, bed sheet, pillow ...are new from May 2014, including the kitchen furniture. Wifi in all the apartment. Very well located in the lovely Paris with the old writers's ""brasseries"" , old book store.... I ask, please, to don't enter in the living-room with shoes because the carpet is made with white wool and new!"	"Lovely lightly small apartment, full equipped. The best area of the heart of Paris: 2 blocks from the Luxembourg's park  into the ""quartier Latin - Saint Germain"".  Acojerdor luminoso pisito en el corazon de Paris barrio Latino, Jardin de Luxembourg There is one room with a bed for 2 persons Little kitchen full equipped (nessperso, wash machine dish...) Little bath room full equipped (dry hair...) The kitchen and bath room are renew in may 2014. One  living-room with a sofa made by 2 individuals beds (new) confortable. All the blankets, towels, bed sheet, pillow ...are new from May 2014, including the kitchen furniture. Wifi in all the apartment. Very well located in the lovely Paris with the old writers's ""brasseries"" , old book store.... I ask, please, to don't enter in the living-room with shoes because the carpet is made with white wool and new! accès to all the apartment."
21007	Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one bedroom apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. It's a 3rd floor walk in, with lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Consciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk all around and visit the city, but also take the subway (Metro Saint-Michel) or the bus, or the bicycle rentals nearby. Waking up in front of Notre Dame and the Seine will make you	From the windows of this charming one bedroom, completely independent, hosting two to four guests, admire the Notre Dame Cathedral and enjoy the incomparable charm of the Latin Quarter, close to the Seine and its monuments ! Stunning STRICTLY SMOKE FREE one bedroom apartment completely renovated, in perfect condition, with antique furniture and paintings, living room + separate bedroom, bathroom and fully equipped kitchen, washer-dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, real sofa bed, facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine river. It's a 3rd floor walk in, with lift, despite the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. AIR CONDITIONNING ! Bed sheets, towels and weekly cleaning included. You will live a unique experience in the very historical Paris, close to the most visted monuments, Notre Dame, the Consciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc.. All restaurants are nearby, and a market of fresh fruits and vegeta
21008	Hello, My apartment is located rue des Ecoles,in a very central,safe and quiet area at 100m from the Notre-Dame Cathedral and from the Pantheon, and next to  the Sorbonne university; it is a bright sunny and cosy duplex of 29 m2,  The bathroom (with bath and shower) , the dressing room and the toilets  are upstairs. It is at the 3rd floor of  a 17th century building, exposed beams and ceiling with wooden coating , which gives it a very warm atmosphere.  Double glazed windows. Kitchenette with fridge, washing machine,2 ceramic  cookers,microwave , coffee maker , dishes and ,eveverything you need for cooking and dining. Sofa bed for 2 people (very confortable opening / closing, very easy and fast), sleeping (phone number hidden), duvet and bed linen. Large glass table, 4 chairs, 2 armchairs, 2 small tables , shelves and floor (website hidden) with LED flat screen 80 cm,140 channels available  and Broadband internet (BOX) access cable or wifi . Secured building with a quiet neighborhood. 	 My apartment is located rue des Ecoles,in a very central,safe and quiet area at 100m from the Notre-Dame Cathedral and from the Pantheon, and next to  the Sorbonne university; it is a bright sunny and cosy duplex of 29 m2             > >  > > Hello, My apartment is located rue des Ecoles,in a very central,safe and quiet area at 100m from the Notre-Dame Cathedral and from the Pantheon, and next to  the Sorbonne university; it is a bright sunny and cosy duplex of 29 m2,  The bathroom (with bath and shower) , the dressing room and the toilets  are upstairs. It is at the 3rd floor of  a 17th century building, exposed beams and ceiling with wooden coating , which gives it a very warm atmosphere.  Double glazed windows. Kitchenette with fridge, washing machine,2 ceramic  cookers,microwave , coffee maker , dishes and ,eveverything you need for cooking and dining. Sofa bed for 2 people (very confortable opening / closing, very easy and fast), sleeping (phone number hidden), duvet and bed line
21009	Ce logement se situe dans un environnement plein de charme, entre Notre-Dame et les boulevards St-Germain et St-Michel. Vous irez de découvertes en découvertes dans ce quartier universitaire très vivant qui comprend monuments (Notre-Dame, Sorbonne, Collège de France, Collège des Bernardins, Musée de Cluny, Panthéon), cafés et restaurants, cinémas et librairies. La Place Maubert accueille un marché ouvert tous les mardis, jeudis et samedis jusqu'à 13h et la boulangerie Kayser (8, rue Monge) est ouverte jusqu'à 21h. Le logement se situe dans une petite rue unique du vieux Paris, autrefois photographiée par E. Atget. L'immeuble est très calme et dispose d'une cour verdoyante et fleurie. L'appartement est à la fois fonctionnel et chaleureux.	Ce logement se situe dans un environnement plein de charme, entre Notre-Dame et les boulevards St-Germain et St-Michel. Vous irez de découvertes en découvertes dans ce quartier universitaire très vivant qui comprend monuments (Notre-Dame, Sorbonne, Collège de France, Collège des Bernardins, Musée de Cluny, Panthéon), cafés et restaurants, cinémas et librairies. La Place Maubert accueille un marché ouvert tous les mardis, jeudis et samedis jusqu'à 13h et la boulangerie Kayser (8, rue Monge) est ouverte jusqu'à 21h. Le logement se situe dans une petite rue unique du vieux Paris, autrefois photographiée par E. Atget. L'immeuble est très calme et dispose d'une cour verdoyante et fleurie. L'appartement est à la fois fonctionnel et chaleureux. Les 2 chambres sont à côté l'une de l'autre. Vous aurez accès aux deux chambres, au salon, à la cuisine (réfrigérateur, 2 plaques électriques, Nespresso) et à la salle de bain (lave-linge). Il est interdit de faire du feu dans la cheminée du salon et d
21010	This large studio is in the middle of the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame and close to Saint-Germain des Prés. Enjoy the tingling of the pedestrian streets lined with cafes, restaurants and shops It consists of a separate new kitchen equipped with a ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washing machine, refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster and all necessary dishes. A modern bathroom with a shower, sink, toilet, furniture and a heated towel rail. The main room is spacious, bright. It has a large comfortable sofa bed, a table, a flat-screen TV and wooden floors. In the entrance is a large wardrobe closet. This apartment has 4 double glazed windows overlooking a small street. This apartment has just been fully refurbished (end of business on (phone number hidden)), all equipment and furnishings have been purchased. The building has a security code and intercom. I am sure you will appreciate the comfort and decor of this studio that offers high quality services.	Beautiful apartment of 28sqm fully renovated in August 2014 conveniently located across from the Museum of Cluny and the Sorbonne and 5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame de Paris, the Pantheon and St. Germain des Pres. This large studio is in the middle of the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame and close to Saint-Germain des Prés. Enjoy the tingling of the pedestrian streets lined with cafes, restaurants and shops It consists of a separate new kitchen equipped with a ceramic hob, oven, microwave, washing machine, refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster and all necessary dishes. A modern bathroom with a shower, sink, toilet, furniture and a heated towel rail. The main room is spacious, bright. It has a large comfortable sofa bed, a table, a flat-screen TV and wooden floors. In the entrance is a large wardrobe closet. This apartment has 4 double glazed windows overlooking a small street. This apartment has just been fully refurbished (end of business on (phone number hidden)), all equipment and furnish
21011	"The Space Just like any other of the world's major cities,it' all about location!location!location!And this loft has one of the best location in town!The area has an amazing history, and it is also the oldest part of the city. Romans settled down their agora on top of this hill called ""Montagne Sainte Geneviève"" Welcome to the stylish and elegant home of Parisian bourgeoisie!What better place to live during your Paris stay?It's right in the heart of the Latin district,the most historical quartier of Paris,filled with the culture wealth and the national (website hidden) you will find us,just perched in front of Sorbonne University where the bustle of cafe life and academia of the Sorbonne has thrived for centuries.Did I mention the apartment is located in the very heart of the Parisian arts district?It’s where many famous writers and artists - including Picasso,Matisse and Hemingway - called home.And now,during your next trip to Paris trip,so can you.On Place de la Sorbonne ,downstair j"	"Centre Paris,close to Saint Germain-Notre Dame,typical French stylish arty duplex loft access by digicode. Very close to all monuments:Notre Dame,La Sorbonne and Luxembourg Park,Louvre,Orsay,Seine,Cafe flora,Panthéon etc all at walking distance. The Space Just like any other of the world's major cities,it' all about location!location!location!And this loft has one of the best location in town!The area has an amazing history, and it is also the oldest part of the city. Romans settled down their agora on top of this hill called ""Montagne Sainte Geneviève"" Welcome to the stylish and elegant home of Parisian bourgeoisie!What better place to live during your Paris stay?It's right in the heart of the Latin district,the most historical quartier of Paris,filled with the culture wealth and the national (website hidden) you will find us,just perched in front of Sorbonne University where the bustle of cafe life and academia of the Sorbonne has thrived for centuries.Did I mention the apartment is "
21012	Furnished, cute, clean and completely renovated studio  in11 m² . All include a convertible couch to bed, a large closet and shelves, free high speed internet WIFI,  a table, chair, a fridge, a sink, shower inside, 2 hot plates, a microwave, and everything for cooking and eating ;  A WC ( toilet ) is in the hallway  ( about 5 meters from the flat ) with exclusive use. The furnished studio is located on the 1st european floor ( not ground floor ) in a building with elevator. This is ideal for 2 people. The closest metro station is at 100 meters ( Luxembourg ) and Cluny la Sorbonne at 300 meters. It's a very convenient location, close to Luxembourg garden (100meters) and Panthéon (80 meters), close to many universities like Sorbonne, Assas, Normal Sup… Supermarkets, restaurants and laundromat  are just around the corner. There is also a supermarket with BIO and Organic products. 45€/day ; 310€/week ; 750€/month Phone included for journey longer than 2 weeks 	Furnished, cute, clean and completely renovated studio  in11 m² . All include a convertible couch to bed, a large closet and shelves, free high speed internet WIFI,  a table, chair, a fridge, a sink, shower inside, 2 hot plates, a microwave, and everything for cooking and eating ;  A WC ( toilet ) is in the hallway  ( about 5 meters from the flat ) with exclusive use. The furnished studio is located on the 1st european floor ( not ground floor ) in a building with elevator. This is ideal for 2 people. The closest metro station is at 100 meters ( Luxembourg ) and Cluny la Sorbonne at 300 meters. It's a very convenient location, close to Luxembourg garden (100meters) and Panthéon (80 meters), close to many universities like Sorbonne, Assas, Normal Sup… Supermarkets, restaurants and laundromat  are just around the corner. There is also a supermarket with BIO and Organic products. 45€/day ; 310€/week ; 750€/month Phone included for journey longer than 2 weeks 
21013	"THE Studio Number One, PLACE DE LA SORBONNE !!! En plein cœur de Paris,  donnant directement sur la place de la Sorbonne avec ses deux grandes fenêtres ouvrant sur la chapelle et l'université de la Sorbonne, ce studio meublé et lumineux va vous séduire!  Ce studio se trouve en plein ""Quartier Latin"" (sur la ""rive gauche"" du 5ème Arrondissement ), un quartier magnifique plein de charme et d'histoire, idéalement situé au centre de la plus belle ville du monde! Et pour l'anecdote, sachez qu'il a hébergé en son temps l'écrivain Georges Sand ! Entièrement refait à neuf et décoré avec goût,cet espace romantique de 18 m2 peut accueillir 2 personnes (voir 3)  pour passer un séjour inoubliable dans une ville pleine d'activités touristiques. Disposant aussi d'une banquette clic-clac dans le salon, il permettra idéalement à 2 adultes et 1 grand enfant, ou 2 petits enfants de découvrir et vivre la vie parisienne. Par exemple, pourquoi  ne pas prendre votre petit-déjeuner dans un des multiples café"	"L'emplacement, l'emplacement, l'emplacement !  ... de ce studio est absolument idéal pour un séjour de rêve dans l'un des plus animés et plus beaux quartiers de Paris avec ses nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants à proximité ! THE Studio Number One, PLACE DE LA SORBONNE !!! En plein cœur de Paris,  donnant directement sur la place de la Sorbonne avec ses deux grandes fenêtres ouvrant sur la chapelle et l'université de la Sorbonne, ce studio meublé et lumineux va vous séduire!  Ce studio se trouve en plein ""Quartier Latin"" (sur la ""rive gauche"" du 5ème Arrondissement ), un quartier magnifique plein de charme et d'histoire, idéalement situé au centre de la plus belle ville du monde! Et pour l'anecdote, sachez qu'il a hébergé en son temps l'écrivain Georges Sand ! Entièrement refait à neuf et décoré avec goût,cet espace romantique de 18 m2 peut accueillir 2 personnes (voir 3)  pour passer un séjour inoubliable dans une ville pleine d'activités touristiques. Disposant aussi d'une banque"
21014	Très bel appartement typiquement parisien, situé en plein coeur de Paris. L'appartement possède un long balcon très agréable pour boire un verre.  	Très bel appartement typiquement parisien, situé en plein coeur de Paris. L'appartement possède un long balcon très agréable pour boire un verre.  En plus de votre chambre privative, vous aurez accès à une salle de bain privée, à la cuisine, au salon. En fonction des disponibilités, nous pouvons éventuellement diner ensemble, je peux vous conseiller des endroits où sortir (restaurant, bar, musée, ...) Le quartier est incroyablement dynamique, tous les commerces de proximité sont à deux pas (supermarché, boucherie, boulangerie, poissonnerie, cave à vins, épicerie fine ...). Le weekend, il y a de nombreux endroits sympa pour prendre un brunch, et plusieurs marchés locaux à proximité.  L'appartement est accessible en métro, en RER (station Luxembourg), en bus, en vélib (station au pied de l'immeuble), et de nombreux sites touristiques sont accessibles à pieds (Panthéon, Cathédrale Notre Dame, Jardin du Luxembourg, Ile Saint Louis, Monge, Rue Moufetard, Châtelet,...)
21015		Bel appartement idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris, à proximité de Saint Michel et à 2 pas du  jardin du Luxembourg et du Panthéon.  Il s'agit d'un appartement 3 chambres, tout équipé : internet, cuisine, salle de bain etc..
21016	The pictures are not doing any justice to the flat since they were take at night. The flat is very nice and quite big for a Parisian Flat	Lovely flat in the heart of Paris in the middle of th Latin Corner. Only few meters away from Notre-Dame and Saint-Germain-des-Prés One bedroom, one dinig room and one living room
21017	Calm 1st floor appartment with concierge. View on interior patio. Easy access at the heart of Paris (close to Notre-Dame, Saint-Germain). Many bus lines, taxi stations and restaurants in the area. Very functional appartment with absolute calm ! One independant room with a double bed and a very confortable & large sofa-bed in the living room. The bathroom has a bathtub and a shower. Heating in all rooms. You can host up to 6 guests at your parisian home. 	Magnificient renovated appartment in a 18th building with a concierge. Ideal for a couple’s stay in Paris or for a small family. Close to St Michel Metro & RER station  Calm 1st floor appartment with concierge. View on interior patio. Easy access at the heart of Paris (close to Notre-Dame, Saint-Germain). Many bus lines, taxi stations and restaurants in the area. Very functional appartment with absolute calm ! One independant room with a double bed and a very confortable & large sofa-bed in the living room. The bathroom has a bathtub and a shower. Heating in all rooms. You can host up to 6 guests at your parisian home.  The concierge is available to welcome you to the flat. WIFI access. Functional and fully equiped kitchen.  I lived 20 years in Paris, city which I adore to return to for a weekend or longer. I left Paris last year, but am happy to come back to its unique atmosphere ! I can help you organise your stay, give you a few tricks and advice to make your stay a success (great p
21018		Studio de charme situé proche du jardin du Luxembourg de Saint-Michel et de Notre-Dame. Il peut accueillir confortablement deux personnes. Séjour avec Cuisine américaine équipée, salle de bain et lave linge. Le quartier est calme et sécurisé. Le jardin du Luxembourg est exceptionnel. Le panthéon qui domine la rue soufflot.  Les quais de scène, la place Saint Michel.  De nombreux restaurants, bars quartier très animé et bien fréquenté.  Rer b Luxembourg à moins de 5 minutes à pied. Bus 21/27/38 à moins de 5 minutes. Métro ligne 4 odeon/saint Michel à moins de 10 minutes. Rer C saint Michel/notre dame à moins de 10 minutes.
21019	This not pretentious apartment is situated in the famous Latin Quarter, near Saint-Germain-des-Prés derriere Pantheon and close to the station(resort) Maubert Mutualité. The small flat is In the 3rd floor without elevator of a building of the XIVIIIth century, Simple decoration and functional, there has a sofa reads planned for 2 persons, an office(desk), television and room of shower with toilets electrique interns. There is a kitchennette with 2 stick electric and a mini refrigerator, an oven micro owen Situated on courtyard this small flat is rather quiet . equiped with phone line there and a WiFi internet acces is available free of charge on inquiry. The linen is free of charge and the cleaning is made at the entrance and you need to clean for check out if not charging 20€ NEAR ALL SHOPS STABION BUSES ETC..	This not pretentious apartment is situated in the famous Latin Quarter, near Saint-Germain-des-Prés derriere Pantheon and close to the station(resort) Maubert Mutualité. The small flat is In the 3rd floor without elevator of a building of the XIVIIIth century, Simple decoration and functional, there has a sofa reads planned for 2 persons, an office(desk), television and room of shower with toilets electrique interns. There is a kitchennette with 2 stick electric and a mini refrigerator, an oven micro owen Situated on courtyard this small flat is rather quiet . equiped with phone line there and a WiFi internet acces is available free of charge on inquiry. The linen is free of charge and the cleaning is made at the entrance and you need to clean for check out if not charging 20€ NEAR ALL SHOPS STABION BUSES ETC..
21020	 The living room is very lovely and is a perfect place to rest with its large and comfortable sofa. There is also an armchair along with a coffee table and a TV. It also has high ceiling with exposed beam. You will easily feel like at home to relax during your evenings in this beautiful city of Paris. The kitchen is fully equipped with all utensils and amenities you will need to cook the best meals for all your family! It is connected with the spacious living room so you can share your chef secrets! There is one spacious bedroom with a double bed, and large windows make this bedroom bright and pleasant.  The bathroom is clean, has a shower along with toilet and a towel dryer. ideal for unwinding after a long day out shopping. Towels are provided for you too! For your comfort this flat has central heating throughout and free fast Wi-Fi internet access.  Bedding and towels are provided. The flat is located in a very calm and pretty inner courtyard with trees. The flat has great transport	A bright and cosy 1 bedroom apartment is situated on the first floor in Paris, extremely close to Pantheon and the very famous, Notre-Dame Cathedral. The flat is welcoming and modern with very good transport links. The living room is very lovely and is a perfect place to rest with its large and comfortable sofa. There is also an armchair along with a coffee table and a TV. It also has high ceiling with exposed beam. You will easily feel like at home to relax during your evenings in this beautiful city of Paris. The kitchen is fully equipped with all utensils and amenities you will need to cook the best meals for all your family! It is connected with the spacious living room so you can share your chef secrets! There is one spacious bedroom with a double bed, and large windows make this bedroom bright and pleasant.  The bathroom is clean, has a shower along with toilet and a towel dryer. ideal for unwinding after a long day out shopping. Towels are provided for you too! For your comfort 
21021	STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double glazed and the bedroom give on the back of the building. You will sleep in a very quiet environment. LAYOUT This 40sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to three guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The main room is at the end of the corridor. It features a sofabed (130x190) suitable for one person only (note that it will not suit an XL person), a coffee table and an armchair organized around a decorative chimney. The fitted kitchen is open on this main room. You will be able to have diner at the counter separating the kitchen and the living-room. Four people can sit at this table. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor. It features a double bed 140x200 and a large wardrobe. This room is very quiet as its windows give on a courtyard. Then you will find the bathroom, right next to the entrance door. It is contemporary, with a 	Charming 1-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris - St Louis Island. Recently renovated, nicely decorated, this apartment will be perfect for a couple. STANDING Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double glazed and the bedroom give on the back of the building. You will sleep in a very quiet environment. LAYOUT This 40sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to three guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The main room is at the end of the corridor. It features a sofabed (130x190) suitable for one person only (note that it will not suit an XL person), a coffee table and an armchair organized around a decorative chimney. The fitted kitchen is open on this main room. You will be able to have diner at the counter separating the kitchen and the living-room. Four people can sit at this table. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor. It features a double bed 140x200 and a large wardrobe. This 
21022	Sunny Clean Perfect location Quiet Fully furnished and equipped 	Sunny charming fully furnished 50 sq m2 apartment in PlaceMonge  Quiet , 5th arrdt. It has a one bedroom and a large living room with a sofa bed.  In the heart of Paris. 10 min from Notre (website hidden); internet, washer, microwave   Fully equipped: sheets. Towels. Etc Subway across the street Sunny Clean Perfect location Quiet Fully furnished and equipped  I answer mail and messages very fast I normally send messages before and during stay to give information and check whether all is ok I travel a lot and am often absent from Paris Maribel the housekeeper will be there to welcome you and explain everything you may need  Markets restaurants rue mouffetard close to Notre dame Jardin de Luxembourg Jardin des plantes Safe neighborhood  Metro place Monge is two min walk away
21023	Magnificent apartment in the heart of the famous and exquisite Latin Quarter (Saint Germain des prés / Saint-Michel), 2 minutes from Cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris, an exclusive location. Numerous cafes and restaurant around the apartment. A magic vacation rental to discover Paris and its historical part. BEDROOMS: - Separate bedroom with a king size bed from the highest quality. - A principal room with top quality convertible bed (queen size bed) specially designed, table/chairs, - Elegant decoration, - Two large windows facing a nice and quiet street (west oriented to enjoy a nice light during evenings). BATHROOM: - Very nice separate bathroom - What better way to end a lovely day spent touring our greatest monuments than with a relaxing bath - Bathroom heater/towel warmer for your comfort - Numerous soft towels - Professional hair dryer - Separate toilet Kitchen: - Fully furnished with combined convection and microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, refrigerator, washer-dryer, dishwa	Magnificent apartment in the heart of the famous and exquisite Latin Quarter (Saint Germain des prés / Saint-Michel), 2 minutes from Cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris, an exclusive location. Numerous cafes and restaurant around the apartment. A magic vacation rental to discover Paris and its historical part. BEDROOMS: - Separate bedroom with a king size bed from the highest quality. - A principal room with top quality convertible bed (queen size bed) specially designed, table/chairs, - Elegant decoration, - Two large windows facing a nice and quiet street (west oriented to enjoy a nice light during evenings). BATHROOM: - Very nice separate bathroom - What better way to end a lovely day spent touring our greatest monuments than with a relaxing bath - Bathroom heater/towel warmer for your comfort - Numerous soft towels - Professional hair dryer - Separate toilet Kitchen: - Fully furnished with combined convection and microwave oven, toaster, coffee machine, refrigerator, washer-dryer, dishwa
21024	Toutes les pièces ont des fenêtres, la cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon, un équipement vaisselle complet, des toilettes séparées. Tout le nécessaire ménager complet, inclus les draps, les serviettes le torchons. Pour les courts séjour l’électricité chauffage est compris.	2 pièces 36 m2. Situé à 300 m de Notre Dame, du quartier latin et du quartier St Michel, cet appartement situé au 1er étage avec entrée sur le Bd St Germain, avec les fenêtres du séjour et de la chambre sur la rue Domat, rue typique et très calme. Toutes les pièces ont des fenêtres, la cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon, un équipement vaisselle complet, des toilettes séparées. Tout le nécessaire ménager complet, inclus les draps, les serviettes le torchons. Pour les courts séjour l’électricité chauffage est compris. Immeuble sécurisé, digicode sur le boulevard  et  couloir avec une 2ème porte avec badge. Ascenseur. Vous serez accueilli à votre arrivée pour la remise des clés et vous pourrez bénéficier d'un aide le long de votre séjour si besoin. De l'immeuble vous pouvez visitez Paris à pied. La place Maubert à 150 m avec son marché plain air 3 fois par semaine? Notre Dame à 300 m, le Panthéon à 300 m , le quartier latin et ST michel à 5 mn et le jardin du luxembourg à 15 mn. Les sta
21025	On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floors. Each floor has its particularity as you can see on the pictures.  The house is in a courtyard,  so it is very quiet and peaceful, the residential area is very safe. The first floor is used only for the fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, mixer, kettle, coffee machine etc...), you have everything you need to prepare your meal. On the second floor you will find the living room with Wifi, TV and a sofa.  On the 3rd floor there is one single bed and one double bed on the 4th floor. Recently renovated, this house can welcome 3 persons. Perfectly located, near Saint Michel and Notre Dame (15 minutes by walk) , you are in the heart of the cultural Paris. The river Seine is just in front of you! Near the apartment you will find a lot of restaurants, bars, shops, exhibitions, from which you can start your touristic program. The surface of the house is about 15sqm, it is very well decorated and arranged, you will fee	On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floors. Each floor has its particularity as you can see on the pictures .  The nearest metro is Maubert Mutualité line 10 On a little street of Paris you will find an original house with 4 floors. Each floor has its particularity as you can see on the pictures.  The house is in a courtyard,  so it is very quiet and peaceful, the residential area is very safe. The first floor is used only for the fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, mixer, kettle, coffee machine etc...), you have everything you need to prepare your meal. On the second floor you will find the living room with Wifi, TV and a sofa.  On the 3rd floor there is one single bed and one double bed on the 4th floor. Recently renovated, this house can welcome 3 persons. Perfectly located, near Saint Michel and Notre Dame (15 minutes by walk) , you are in the heart of the cultural Paris. The river Seine is just in front of you! Near the apartment you will find a
21026	This 18th’s century building is positioned away from the street in the back courtyard. So it's exceptionally quiet. There is no noise that guarantees a good night's rest. The thick stone walls perfectly insulate you from the summer heat and winter cold. It’s on the 3rd floor without lift. Safe and nice neighborhood. There are 1 bedroom and 1 living room. They are separate. BEDROOM: 1 queen size bed, clean sheets, dresser, electric heater. The bed is a ferm bed. LIVING ROOM: 1 extra single bed (it's also a ferm bed), sofa (it's just a sofa, not a sofa-bed), large work desk, tables, shelves, electric heater, flat screen TV, DVD player, unlimited free WIFI, fan BATHROOM: bathtub, washbasin, cupboard, toilet, towel drying heater, clean towels, hair dryer, iron, shower gel, shampoo, soap, accessible only from the room Integrated KITCHEN: dishwasher (+detergent), washing machine (+detergent),  dryer, refrigerator, microwave oven, induction hob, utensils, cutlery, crockery, kettle (+Tea inclu	Charming center of Paris 2-room apartment 322 sq ft, renovated with quality materials in 2012, quiet, calm, cozy, comfortable, very clean, safe, in the Latin Quarter, 2 min walk from Notre Dame de Paris and the Seine, several subway stations from Louvre Meseum, Eiffel Tower (Tour Eiffel), Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysees, Arc de Triomphe, Le Marais, Pompidou Center, the Pantheon This 18th’s century building is positioned away from the street in the back courtyard. So it's exceptionally quiet. There is no noise that guarantees a good night's rest. The thick stone walls perfectly insulate you from the summer heat and winter cold. It’s on the 3rd floor without lift. Safe and nice neighborhood. There are 1 bedroom and 1 living room. They are separate. BEDROOM: 1 queen size bed, clean sheets, dresser, electric heater. The bed is a ferm bed. LIVING ROOM: 1 extra single bed (it's also a ferm bed), sofa (it's just a sofa, not a sofa-bed), large work desk, tables, shelves, electric heate
21027	Studio environ 17 m2, très bien équipé, donnant sur courette fleurie, calme. Kitchenette, réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes, plaques inductions, lave-linge, internet très haut débit (fibre optique).	Charmant petit studio situé à 50m du jardin du Luxembourg, en rez de jardin, cour intérieure fleurie. En plein cœur du Paris historique. Très calme. Quartier étudiant très animé. A 5min de St Germain des Prés et 10min de Notre-Dame. Proche RER/Bus. Studio environ 17 m2, très bien équipé, donnant sur courette fleurie, calme. Kitchenette, réfrigérateur, four micro-ondes, plaques inductions, lave-linge, internet très haut débit (fibre optique). RER B (accès aéroports Roissy et Orly) à 50m. Nombreux bus à 50m. Paris historique. Quartier estudiantin, très animé. Très recherché. A deux pas du magnifique jardin du Luxembourg et du Sénat. Panthéon très proche. Nombreux bars et restaurants.
21028	A fully renovated one bedroom, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with a mix of modern and antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels. It's a 3th floor walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. Across Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning included.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk on foot, but also take the Metro (Saint-Michel) or the bus, not to mention the bicycle rentals nearby.  For the Jazz music lovers, there is even a very famous bar on the other side of the street. Your stay will be unforgettable 	We named this charming one bedroom SONIA, because of our passion for the painter Sonia Delaunay, the theme of our decoration. It's located in the Latin Quarter, idealy near the Seine, facing Notre Dame, surounded by many monuments and churches. A fully renovated one bedroom, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with a mix of modern and antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels. It's a 3th floor walk in, no lift, as the building is an historical 400 years old marvel. Across Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Près and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning included.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and caf
21029	Appartement d'exception, au charme fou : en haut, la cuisine ouvre sur une grande pièce  à vivre, la pièce est baignée dans la lumière par ses quatre fenêtres ! Au fond, une chambre avec salle de bain (avec baignoire) fait comme un nid tranquille qui donne sur les arbres. La cour est ravissante et pleine d'oiseaux qui chantent toute la journée. On n'entend absolument pas la ville, on se croirait à la campagne ! C'est un endroit idéal pour visiter Paris à pied, et on est proche de tous les moyens de transports (bus, métro, RER...) Le quartier latin est très agréable, avec ses terrasses de café, ses petits restaurants, ses boutiques, ses cinémas... et ses deux grands parcs pour ceux qui viennent avec des enfants : le Luxembourg et le jardin des plantes.  NB Je n'ai pas encore mis de photos du salon et de la chambre du 2e étage car nous refaisons actuellement la peinture, c'est donc le chantier ! J'espère pouvoir en ajouter à la fin de la semaine prochaine. Merci pour votre compréhension 	Ravissant duplex donnant sur une cour arborée. On est réveillé par les oiseaux et on n'entend absolument pas la ville alors qu'on est en plein coeur de Paris, à 2 mn de Notre Dame dans le quartier latin! Idéal pour visiter la ville. Appartement d'exception, au charme fou : en haut, la cuisine ouvre sur une grande pièce  à vivre, la pièce est baignée dans la lumière par ses quatre fenêtres ! Au fond, une chambre avec salle de bain (avec baignoire) fait comme un nid tranquille qui donne sur les arbres. La cour est ravissante et pleine d'oiseaux qui chantent toute la journée. On n'entend absolument pas la ville, on se croirait à la campagne ! C'est un endroit idéal pour visiter Paris à pied, et on est proche de tous les moyens de transports (bus, métro, RER...) Le quartier latin est très agréable, avec ses terrasses de café, ses petits restaurants, ses boutiques, ses cinémas... et ses deux grands parcs pour ceux qui viennent avec des enfants : le Luxembourg et le jardin des plantes.  NB J
21030	Apartment full of light in a famous neighborhood. Perfectly equipped with a lot of caracter. Perfect for 2 persons (bedroom with queen bed) but can sleep 4 (Retractable queen bed in dining room).	Elegant & comfortable apartment, great location  2 blocks away from the river & Notre Dame.  Balcony overlooking the famous Place Maubert food market.  Second floor apartment with elevator. Convenient connexion to airports & train stations. Apartment full of light in a famous neighborhood. Perfectly equipped with a lot of caracter. Perfect for 2 persons (bedroom with queen bed) but can sleep 4 (Retractable queen bed in dining room). The entire apartment is all yours. Cleaning lady available once a week It's a beautiful historical and a students neighborhood with a lot of soul and a very typical french atmosphere : cafe, bookstores, food markets  and little stores. You can take a walk in the surroundings parks or along the river Seine.  It's very convenient because it's juste in the center of the city. From Charles de Gaulle Airport : RER > stop : St Michel station take Subway line 10 > stop Maubert Mutualité Exit : Bd St Germain corner Rue des Carmes You can ask for my very serious cle
21031	"Parfait petit studio sous les toits, idéal pour couple ou personne seule, avec vue sur le Panthéon et la roue de la Concorde. À 2 pas du jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard, de la Sorbonne; et à quelques minutes de Saint Germain, Saint Michel, rue de Rennes, ... Pied à terre calme et cosy !  -- Little under-the-roof studio with view on the Pantheon and on the great Concorde wheel, ideal for couples or lonesome travellers. 2 steps away from the Luxembourg garden, the rue Mouffetard, the Sorbonne; and only a few minutes away from Saint Germain, Saint Michel, rue de Rennes, ...  Quiet and cosy ""pied-à-terre"" !! "	"Très charmant studio mansardé, lumineux, sous les toits avec vue sur le Panthéon, composé de 2 chambres de bonnes couplées . A 100m du jardin du Luxembourg, 5 min de Saint Germain des Près, Odéon, Saint Michel, rue Mouffetard, ...       Parfait petit studio sous les toits, idéal pour couple ou personne seule, avec vue sur le Panthéon et la roue de la Concorde. À 2 pas du jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard, de la Sorbonne; et à quelques minutes de Saint Germain, Saint Michel, rue de Rennes, ... Pied à terre calme et cosy !  -- Little under-the-roof studio with view on the Pantheon and on the great Concorde wheel, ideal for couples or lonesome travellers. 2 steps away from the Luxembourg garden, the rue Mouffetard, the Sorbonne; and only a few minutes away from Saint Germain, Saint Michel, rue de Rennes, ...  Quiet and cosy ""pied-à-terre"" !! Kitchenette (2 plaques), vaisselle, grille-pain, douche, sono HiFi, toilettes sur le palier (3 voisins très calmes). Fumeurs autorisés fenêt"
21032	"Very charming 2 room apartment with private garden in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"" (Luxembourg, Sorbonne neighborhood). The apartment is located on the ground floor of a very quiet inner courtyard, in an ancient building dating back to the 14th century. Situation is ideal for a short stay in Paris, with all amenities (Wifi, TV, laundry, kitchen with microwave oven and washing machine). Bathroom with shower and featuring a laundry. Bedroom (double bed) is located in a wooden shack to be  accessed through a private terrace. Feel like you are sleeping in countryside ! Walking distance from Notre Dame, Luxembourg park, Saint Germain and Panthéon monument and most of the nicest places to visit on the left bank of the Seine river.   You will enjoy a typical ""rive gauche"" parisian life during your stay. Being a native parisian, I will be happy to make your experience unique and share all my best adresses in this neighborhood (shops, museum, restaurants...). The apartment is very well connect"	"Very charming 2 room apartment with private garden in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"" (Luxembourg, Sorbonne neighborhood). The apartment is located on the ground floor of a very quiet inner courtyard, in an ancient building dating back to the 14th century. Situation is ideal for a short stay in Paris, with all amenities (Wifi, TV, laundry, kitchen with microwave oven and washing machine). Bathroom with shower and featuring a laundry. Bedroom (double bed) is located in a wooden shack to be  accessed through a private terrace. Feel like you are sleeping in countryside ! Walking distance from Notre Dame, Luxembourg park, Saint Germain and Panthéon monument and most of the nicest places to visit on the left bank of the Seine river.   You will enjoy a typical ""rive gauche"" parisian life during your stay. Being a native parisian, I will be happy to make your experience unique and share all my best adresses in this neighborhood (shops, museum, restaurants...). The apartment is very well connect"
21033	Very bright apartment of 75 sqm on the sixth floor of a 18th century building. Splendid view over the rooftops of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Montparnasse Tower and the entrance to the Jardin du Luxembourg. 2 bedrooms with double beds 160 x 200 and a real mattress (not air) extra. Spatieux and bright living room, high dining table to 8 people. Two comfortable sofas in the lounge. Turntables, TV, games, wireless high speed internet connection. A large bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, bed linen provided, towels provided Fully equipped kitchen, large worktop to cook, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, oven, Nespresso machine, microwave. Luxembourg RER access or metro Odéon (line 4). Nearby are many shops, market 500 m weekend. Many bars and restaurants in the area close to Pantheon, Notre-Dame Church, Isle Saint-Louis ...	Very bright apartment of 75 sqm with a nice view of the rooftops of Paris. 2 bedrooms with double beds. Spacious lounge, turntables, TV, Wifi, .. Large bathroom with bathtub. Fully equipped kitchen. Access RER Luxembourg, Metro Odeon Very bright apartment of 75 sqm on the sixth floor of a 18th century building. Splendid view over the rooftops of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Montparnasse Tower and the entrance to the Jardin du Luxembourg. 2 bedrooms with double beds 160 x 200 and a real mattress (not air) extra. Spatieux and bright living room, high dining table to 8 people. Two comfortable sofas in the lounge. Turntables, TV, games, wireless high speed internet connection. A large bathroom with bathtub, washing machine, bed linen provided, towels provided Fully equipped kitchen, large worktop to cook, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, oven, Nespresso machine, microwave. Luxembourg RER access or metro Odéon (line 4). Nearby are many shops, market 500 m weekend. Many bars and restaurant
21034	studio 1 1/2 pièces, deux personnes maximum, très bon emplacement: en plein milieu de la rive gauche, bon réseau de transport publique, commerces variés proches, calme, vue sur les arbres des Arènes de Lutèce	idéal pour la découverte de Paris ainsi que pour ceux qui connaissent la ville, studio au charme parisien pour 2 personnes maximum, rue calme, proche du jardin des Plantes, du Panthéon, de la Sorbonne, du boulevard St.Michel  studio 1 1/2 pièces, deux personnes maximum, très bon emplacement: en plein milieu de la rive gauche, bon réseau de transport publique, commerces variés proches, calme, vue sur les arbres des Arènes de Lutèce deuxième étage gauche, petite entrée, coin de cuisine, bureau avec bibliothèque, chambre avec lit et table, salle d'eau et WC, WiFi, téléviseur accueil personnel, après début du séjour par téléphone et internet beau quartier vivant, belles promenades dans le Jardin des Plantes, le long de la Seine ou à travers le quartier Mouffetard jusqu'au Jardin de Luxembourg bus 67, 47, 89  métro ligne 7 (Place Monge) métro ligne 10 (Jussieu) taxis: place Monge, plusieurs stations de vélib' deux codes d'entrée à communiquer après réservation:  arrivée entre 13 et 18 heure
21035	"""PARIS 75005 / CENTRAL / QUIET FLAT / OVERLOOKING COURT. You will discover PARIS WALK / THE BANKS OF THE SEINE, NOTRE DAME, THE LATIN QUARTER, the Pantheon, the Lutece Arenas, THE INSTITUTE OF THE ARAB WORLD, THE MUSEUMS THE HERB GARDEN WITH HIS ZOO, LOTS OF WALKS IN THIS AREA RICH IN DIRECT BUS ARCHITECTURE TO REACH Montmartre, Pigalle, TERTRE PLACE ....... ""3 room apartment with a bedroom with bed double bedroom with two single beds (or double), lounge with double sofa bed and breakfast table, kitchen washing machine, shower room, WC. Television with cable, wireless internet, linen included, Cot and enclosed parking."	"Nice parisian apartment in the center of Paris. Area  nice and vivant.You can walk around Paris very easily. ""PARIS 75005 / CENTRAL / QUIET FLAT / OVERLOOKING COURT. You will discover PARIS WALK / THE BANKS OF THE SEINE, NOTRE DAME, THE LATIN QUARTER, the Pantheon, the Lutece Arenas, THE INSTITUTE OF THE ARAB WORLD, THE MUSEUMS THE HERB GARDEN WITH HIS ZOO, LOTS OF WALKS IN THIS AREA RICH IN DIRECT BUS ARCHITECTURE TO REACH Montmartre, Pigalle, TERTRE PLACE ....... ""3 room apartment with a bedroom with bed double bedroom with two single beds (or double), lounge with double sofa bed and breakfast table, kitchen washing machine, shower room, WC. Television with cable, wireless internet, linen included, Cot and enclosed parking."
21036	Situated two minutes away from Notre Dame, the Seine and Ile Saint -Louis, this cute typically parisian apartment is a perfect departing point to discover Paris on foot. Venture through Latin Quarter rich with historic monuments like the Pantheon, Sorbonne, Sainte-Chapelle, Eglise Sainte Genviève, Jardin des Plantes.. The apartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. It hosts up to 4 people and is equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay: the elevator, WIFI, the washing machine and dishwasher, a microwave, an oven, an iron, a hairdryer and bed sheets. The balcony is your private terrace to watch parisian sunsets and wind down at the end of an exciting day. Charming fire place with a nineteenth century mirror in the bedroom. Metro stop+taxi station are one minute away, double decker tourist buses stop is 2 minutes away. Warm welcome to Paris,  Be my guest,  Yuliya	Situated two minutes away from Notre Dame, the Seine and Ile Saint -Louis, this cute typically parisian apartment is a perfect departing point to discover Paris on foot. Venture through Latin Quarter rich with historic monuments like the Pantheon, Sorbonne, Sainte-Chapelle, Eglise Sainte Genviève, Jardin des Plantes.. The apartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. It hosts up to 4 people and is equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay: the elevator, WIFI, the washing machine and dishwasher, a microwave, an oven, an iron, a hairdryer and bed sheets. The balcony is your private terrace to watch parisian sunsets and wind down at the end of an exciting day. Charming fire place with a nineteenth century mirror in the bedroom. Metro stop+taxi station are one minute away, double decker tourist buses stop is 2 minutes away. Warm welcome to Paris,  Be my guest,  Yuliya Check-ins after 11 pm are an extra 20 euros
21037	Exceptional apartment that has been totally renovated and tastefully (email hidden)e apartment has high ceilings, the sitting room and master bedroom retains the original solid oak parquet floor. There is a wonderful feeling of space and volume and light . The entrance hall corridor leads off to each room,starting with the double reception room with a sitting room and dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped to a high quality.The dining table can seat six and there is a sofa bed for 2 and an extra bed for 1 child. There is 1 bathroom with an italian shower , 2 sinks and a separate WC The master bedroom has large tailor made wardrobe space and queen size bed. The second bedroom has a sofa bed for 2 persons. No expense has been spared for you to enjoy the fixtures and fittings and contemporary comfort in this stunning apartment in an unbeatable central location close to the latin quarter and the Seine and easy walk to the metro and RER connections.	Exceptional apartment that has been totally renovated and tastefully (email hidden)e apartment has high ceilings, the sitting room and master bedroom retains the original solid oak parquet floor. There is a wonderful feeling of space and volume and light . The entrance hall corridor leads off to each room,starting with the double reception room with a sitting room and dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped to a high quality.The dining table can seat six and there is a sofa bed for 2 and an extra bed for 1 child. There is 1 bathroom with an italian shower , 2 sinks and a separate WC The master bedroom has large tailor made wardrobe space and queen size bed. The second bedroom has a sofa bed for 2 persons. No expense has been spared for you to enjoy the fixtures and fittings and contemporary comfort in this stunning apartment in an unbeatable central location close to the latin quarter and the Seine and easy walk to the metro and RER connections.
21038	Appartement de 38m2 sur cour, loin du bruit de la rue. 2 chambres avec de grands placards. Une grande cuisine pour avec tout le nécessaire. Une salle de bain avec toilettes séparées.  38sqm flat opening on a small courtyard far away from street noises. 2 bedrooms with big closets. Big kitchen with everything you need. Bathroom with separated toilet.	Nice and confortable flat, in calm neighborhood. Paris V near the Pantheon, Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des plantes and Mouffetard's market. 2 bedrooms and a big kitchen. Perfect for a family trip to Paris. Appartement de 38m2 sur cour, loin du bruit de la rue. 2 chambres avec de grands placards. Une grande cuisine pour avec tout le nécessaire. Une salle de bain avec toilettes séparées.  38sqm flat opening on a small courtyard far away from street noises. 2 bedrooms with big closets. Big kitchen with everything you need. Bathroom with separated toilet. Tout le logement The whole flat Nous pouvons vous donner quelques conseils touristiques et gastronomiques si vous êtes intéressés. Nous parlons Français, Anglais et Espagnol. We can give you some advice on places to visit or where to eat. We speak French, English and Spanish. Proche de tous les commerces avec un supermarché à 200m. Egalement à 200m de la rue Mouffetard célèbre pour son marché.  Proche du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes,
21039	Located in the Place Saint Michel, this elegant apartment provides a calm, quiet respite in the midst of one of the most exciting districts in Paris. The windows overlook Notre Dame, the Seine, and the Saint-Michel fountain, and are double-glazed to block out the noise from the vibrant streets below. The two bedrooms also face a silent interior courtyard. This space certainly has the best of two worlds: quiet relaxation and easy access to Paris's cultural attractions.	Two bedrooms, one bathroom on the Place Saint Michel. The apartment is isolated from the noisy street and very well decorated.  It is walking distance from everything, including Notre-Dame. Located in the Place Saint Michel, this elegant apartment provides a calm, quiet respite in the midst of one of the most exciting districts in Paris. The windows overlook Notre Dame, the Seine, and the Saint-Michel fountain, and are double-glazed to block out the noise from the vibrant streets below. The two bedrooms also face a silent interior courtyard. This space certainly has the best of two worlds: quiet relaxation and easy access to Paris's cultural attractions. The apartment's two large bedrooms are each equipped with a queen size bed (one of which can convert to two twin beds). The tiled bathroom contains two sinks and a bathtub, and a separate toilet is located off of the entry. Nothing is shared in the apartment . Only one wardrobe has been locked for the owner. We'll meet you with the key
21040		Located at the back of a discreet cobbled stone yard, on top of a 19th century printshop in the very heart of Old Paris near the Pantheon, the Mouffetard food market and the Sorbonne University, this loft style atelier d'artiste is an oasis of calm
21041	TYPICAL PARISIAN STUDIO APARTMENT OF 27M²  The studio itself is perfect for two persons (sofa bed for 2) not very spacious but very well organised and functional. Comprises a luminous living room, with a sofa bed, an armchair (and a lot of books !), separated kitchen fully equiped (fridge, oven, induction, kettle…), a laundry machine, a bathroom with shower and separated WC. Very quiet (double glazing everywhere). Bed linens and towels are indeed provided. Fast internet access (Wifi). Lovely view on the trees and the towers of Notre Dame. 6th floor no elevator (for the sportsmen !) 	Functional and confortable luminous studio in the heart in Paris. TYPICAL PARISIAN STUDIO APARTMENT OF 27M²  The studio itself is perfect for two persons (sofa bed for 2) not very spacious but very well organised and functional. Comprises a luminous living room, with a sofa bed, an armchair (and a lot of books !), separated kitchen fully equiped (fridge, oven, induction, kettle…), a laundry machine, a bathroom with shower and separated WC. Very quiet (double glazing everywhere). Bed linens and towels are indeed provided. Fast internet access (Wifi). Lovely view on the trees and the towers of Notre Dame. 6th floor no elevator (for the sportsmen !) I am available through e-mails before and during your stay. PERFECT LOCATION IN THE HEART OF PARIS : 2 minutes to Jussieu metro station (line 7 and 10)  10 minutes walk to St Michel, rue Mouffetard, Ile St Louis and Ile de la Cité, Jardin des Plantes, La Sorbonne… Shops, bakeries, restaurants in the same street (not overlooked). 2 minutes to J
21042	Très agréable à vivre, cosy et fonctionnel. Rue calme, au coeur d'un quartier très vivant. Idéal pour un couple ou entre amis (max 4 adultes).	Bel appartement, lumineux charme de l'ancien. Chaleureux, fonctionnel. Idéal pour couple, famille, ou amis, afin de (re)découvrir Paris en son coeur. Quartier de Mouffetard, Jardin des plantes, quais de Seine. Nombreux marchés et commerces de bouche. Très agréable à vivre, cosy et fonctionnel. Rue calme, au coeur d'un quartier très vivant. Idéal pour un couple ou entre amis (max 4 adultes). L'ensemble des produits de base pour la cuisine, la salle de bain, literie, et linge de bain. Autres : livres, dvd, radio Je serai absente pendant la période de votre réservation. Deux personnes de confiance se chargeront de l'organisation des arrivées/départs. Nombreux commerces de bouche (ouvert même le dimanche), marchés tous les 2 jours, terrasses, restaurants, brocantes, etc. Un cinéma d'auteur juste en bas. Belles balades à faire à pied ! De la rue Mouffetard, au Panthéon, au jardin des plantes et du Luxembourg, et des quais de Seine à partir de l'Institut du monde arabe. Ligne 7. Métro Censie
21043	Really Nice appartement with an amazing view. This is the 5th floor without an elevator but it worth the pain ! You Will have the room for yourself.	This is a really nice appartement with an amazing view. You will have a room, direct access to the bathroom and we will share the kitchen.  I work at home so I will be there all day but i will make sure to give you as much privacy as possible.
21044	STANDING This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building with a lift. The windows are double glazed and overlook a quiet street off St Germain Boulevard. You will enjoy the proximity of a lively area without suffering from its noise. LAYOUT This 45sqm apartment in Paris has two rooms. The entrance opens on a small corridor that leads to the main room. This room is rather spacious and bright. It has a very comfortable sofa-bed for two people (140x200), two armchairs, a coffee table and flat TV screen and a desk. From the living-room you will reach the bedroom. It is spacious as well and features a queen size bed (160x200) and a large wardrobe with quite a bit of storage space. The mirror gives a nice impression of space. The colors and the decorative items have been carefully chosen to convey a harmonious atmosphere. The fitted kitchen is open on the living-room. The high chairs will enable you to enjoy the bar. The bathroom is accessible from the corridor next to the ent	Lovely one-bedroom Paris apartment to rent for four people in the centre of the city. Two steps away from La Sorbonne, come and discover this welcoming apartment, a perfect pied-a-terre in Paris! STANDING This Paris apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building with a lift. The windows are double glazed and overlook a quiet street off St Germain Boulevard. You will enjoy the proximity of a lively area without suffering from its noise. LAYOUT This 45sqm apartment in Paris has two rooms. The entrance opens on a small corridor that leads to the main room. This room is rather spacious and bright. It has a very comfortable sofa-bed for two people (140x200), two armchairs, a coffee table and flat TV screen and a desk. From the living-room you will reach the bedroom. It is spacious as well and features a queen size bed (160x200) and a large wardrobe with quite a bit of storage space. The mirror gives a nice impression of space. The colors and the decorative items have been carefully cho
21045	Couples, friends and families, Bohemian or bourgeois? Enjoy any! - while lodging at us. Paint the view over Paris from this haussmannian top-floor flat; join Sorbonne students' world-improving beneath the balcony, smell - have the cafe et croissant from the bistrot downstairs; send kids to a manga hour just across the street; enjoy the rich fruit market of Maubert only 50m from the door; find antique, witness history in the hidden alleys of Quartier Latin; make the date at the Fountain St Michel, go to indie, oldie or blockbuster movies within the quartier; take a river cruise, lock your love forever in the Pont Archevêché; enjoy a dinner like none before of any cuisine in the world; dance at the nightclubs only students' know...  We prepared you this cute top floor 2-piece in the heart of Quartier Latin, a hotel suite - next to other such suites, only cheaper and private for you. Enjoy your own apart at the best spot of Paris! View from the own balcony to Notre-Dame and Pantheon. Reno	Couples, friends and families, Bohemian or bourgeois? Enjoy any! - while lodging at us. Paint the view over Paris from this haussmannian top-floor flat; join Sorbonne students' world-improving beneath the balcony, smell - have the cafe et croissant from the bistrot downstairs; send kids to a manga hour just across the street; enjoy the rich fruit market of Maubert only 50m from the door; find antique, witness history in the hidden alleys of Quartier Latin; make the date at the Fountain St Michel, go to indie, oldie or blockbuster movies within the quartier; take a river cruise, lock your love forever in the Pont Archevêché; enjoy a dinner like none before of any cuisine in the world; dance at the nightclubs only students' know...  We prepared you this cute top floor 2-piece in the heart of Quartier Latin, a hotel suite - next to other such suites, only cheaper and private for you. Enjoy your own apart at the best spot of Paris! View from the own balcony to Notre-Dame and Pantheon. Reno
21046	"On the 2nd floor of a typical ancient Paris building (quartier Latin), the flat where you'll stay benefits from calm and freshness, ideal to have a great and cosy Parisian stay. Every moment of the day is a pleasure: waking up in an absolute calm, taking your breakfast in a fully equipped kitchen, as vast as luminous (the typical bakery ""la Parisienne"" is probably the best of the neighborhood), enjoying peaceful and quiet moments in the living room we decorated, with a great ceiling height that gives you space. To go out: get lost and fall in love with the narrow streets of the district, old movie theaters and universities close to the apartment : Jussieu, the College de France, la Sorbonne, les Mines, Polytechnique and Les Beaux Arts, and of course, with famous monuments like the Pantheon, les Thermes de Cluny, Notre Dame de Paris, le Palais de Justice, la Conciergerie... If you feel more like switch off and relax, the various squares and gardens Le Luxembourg, le Jardin des Plantes ("	"You'll enjoy a peaceful stay in this charming apartment, in the heart of Paris! Only 5min away from historical monuments: Notre Dame, Panthéon, Quartier Latin. Metro St Michel line 4 / RER line B Direct line from Airport CDG - Orly On the 2nd floor of a typical ancient Paris building (quartier Latin), the flat where you'll stay benefits from calm and freshness, ideal to have a great and cosy Parisian stay. Every moment of the day is a pleasure: waking up in an absolute calm, taking your breakfast in a fully equipped kitchen, as vast as luminous (the typical bakery ""la Parisienne"" is probably the best of the neighborhood), enjoying peaceful and quiet moments in the living room we decorated, with a great ceiling height that gives you space. To go out: get lost and fall in love with the narrow streets of the district, old movie theaters and universities close to the apartment : Jussieu, the College de France, la Sorbonne, les Mines, Polytechnique and Les Beaux Arts, and of course, with fa"
21047	Petit pied à terre extrêmement lumineux et idéalement placé en plein cœur de Paris.  Il se trouve au 6e étage et il n'y a pas d'ascenseur.	L'appartement au 6e étage est très lumineux et offre une vue imprenable sur le Panthéon. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, vous serez à 2 mn à pied du Jardin du Luxembourg, 5mn de la Sorbonne et du quartier Latin. Petit pied à terre extrêmement lumineux et idéalement placé en plein cœur de Paris.  Il se trouve au 6e étage et il n'y a pas d'ascenseur. - Une chambre avec un lit double  - Une salle de bain - Un grand salon avec poutres apparentes et canapé lit - Une cuisine américaine avec vue sur le Panthéon Je vous accueillerai le jour de votre arrivée et je serai joignable et disponible pour toute information si besoin pendant votre séjour. L'appartement est dans une rue calme à 2mn du Luxembourg, 5mn de la Sorbonne et 10mn du boulevard St. Germain, St Michel avec tous les commerces restaurants et bars du quartier latin. Plus besoin de présenter ce quartier mythique. - RER Luxembourg : 4mn - Metro Cluny La Sorbonne (Ligne 10) ou Odéon (Ligne 4) : 11mn
21048	Appartement très bien situé au coeur de Paris, quartier latin.	Appartement très bien situé au coeur de Paris, quartier latin. Proche métro 10, RER B, station vélib et autolib en bas de l'immeuble. Idéalement situé, proche des monuments importants de Paris: -institut du monde arabe (2mn à pied) -Notre-Dame 5 mn à pied, -le Panthéon 10mn à pied,  -la Sorbonne 15mn,  -la Conciergerie 15mn à pied -hôtel de ville 10mn à pied -Pompidou 20mn à pied Quartier agréable, quartier latin, proche du Marais, de l'île Saint-Louis, l'île de la cité. métro 10, RER B, stations autolib et vélib en bas de l'immeuble. Libre du 13 février 2015 au 23 février 2015
21049	The flat is composed of one bedroom with a queen-sized bed and vintage furniture, a spacious living room with real parquet floor, a fully equipped kitchen w/ stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, kettle …and a bathroom with an Italian shower (with separated toilets). It has been fully renovated in 2010 	The flat is composed of one bedroom with a queen-sized bed and vintage furniture, a spacious living room with real parquet floor, a fully equipped kitchen w/ stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, kettle …and a bathroom with an Italian shower (with separated toilets). It has been fully renovated in 2010 The apartment faces Place Monge. It is 2 min walk to rue Mouffetard, and very close to Panthéon, the Seine, Notre Dame de Paris, quartier latin, la Sorbonne et Jardin des Plantes.  The Marais and Bastille are close by on the other bank of the River Neighborhood is lively with a weekly market taking place Place Monge – very well frequented. Very well connected area :  - The metro station « Place Monge » (ligne 7) is in front of the apartment and “Cardinal Lemoine” (ligne 10) is 5 min walk. - The bus station is 2 min walk : ligne 47 - Many « Velib » stations close by.  A coded security system and an intercom protect the main entrance gate. Internet broadband with Wi-Fi access is ava
21050	My flat is located in the very center of Paris. You can enjoy a perfect stay. Foot distance from museum, gardens, shops and galleries. The flat is tiny (350 sq m) but well arranged and perfect for a single person or a couple. Close to Jardins des plantes / rue Mouffetard / University La Sorbonne / Jardin du Luxembourg.... My home is clean and very agreable. There is two rooms. One bed room with closet and TV. Tiny living room and a furnished kitchen (dishwash included and also washing machine for clothes). Small bathrom (with shower, no bath) - washing machine for clothes . The plus : A small outside terrace. Wifi Access It's a parisian building.  You must know that my flat is located on the 6 floor without elevator 	My flat is located in the very center of Paris. You can enjoy a perfect stay. Foot distance from museum, gardens, shops and galleries. The flat is tiny (350 sq m) but well arranged and perfect for a single person or a couple. Close to Jardins des plantes / rue Mouffetard / University La Sorbonne / Jardin du Luxembourg.... My home is clean and very agreable. There is two rooms. One bed room with closet and TV. Tiny living room and a furnished kitchen (dishwash included and also washing machine for clothes). Small bathrom (with shower, no bath) - washing machine for clothes . The plus : A small outside terrace. Wifi Access It's a parisian building.  You must know that my flat is located on the 6 floor without elevator 
21051	Very well located, in the very chic and charming 5th arrondissement of Paris and more particularly in the Latin Quarter, close to Mouffetard Street and the Pantheon. Entirely furnished, in a very good state, with a very comfortable sofa bed (for a daily using), a washing-machine and a terrace. Finally, two steps away from different subway lines and all conveniences. You are going to be seduced!	Very well located, in the very chic and charming 5th arrondissement of Paris and more particularly in the Latin Quarter, close to Mouffetard Street and the Pantheon. Entirely furnished, in a very good state, with a very comfortable sofa bed (for a daily using), a washing-machine and a terrace. Finally, two steps away from different subway lines and all conveniences. You are going to be seduced! Very well located, in the very chic and charming 5th arrondissement of Paris and more particularly in the Latin Quarter, close to Mouffetard Street and the Pantheon. Entirely furnished, in a very good state, with a very comfortable sofa bed (for a daily using), a washing-machine and a terrace. Finally, two steps away from different subway lines and all conveniences. You are going to be seduced!
21052	Spacious smart apartment fully equipped. Quiet and peaceful place at a great central location with all facilities and restaurants around. One bedroom with king size bed, one comfortable sofabed in the living room. Totaly separated independant sleeping spaces. 	One bedroom apartment 70 sq meters. High comfort and equipment level, totaly renovated and new furbished. Great central location in the Mouffetard historic area. Walking distance from St Germain des prés, Luxembourg, Pantheon, Quartier latin, river Spacious smart apartment fully equipped. Quiet and peaceful place at a great central location with all facilities and restaurants around. One bedroom with king size bed, one comfortable sofabed in the living room. Totaly separated independant sleeping spaces. RER station Luxembourg Metro station Place Monge
21053	20 sqm studio, very bright, thanks to a large window overlooking the Sorbonne. The apartment, on the 5th floor with elevator, includes:   - A bedroom / living room   - A bed-loft   - A sofa bed (for two potential extra-guests)   - Storage space   - A table   - A kitchenette   - A flat screen TV   - Wifi internet   - A bathroom with toilet and bathtub	In the middle of the Latin Corner, very cozy 20 sqm studio, 3-minute walk from the Pantheon and the Luxembourg Gardens. Can host up to 4 people. 20 sqm studio, very bright, thanks to a large window overlooking the Sorbonne. The apartment, on the 5th floor with elevator, includes:   - A bedroom / living room   - A bed-loft   - A sofa bed (for two potential extra-guests)   - Storage space   - A table   - A kitchenette   - A flat screen TV   - Wifi internet   - A bathroom with toilet and bathtub The neighborhood is both quiet and living; 3-minute walk from the Panthéon and Luxembourg Gardens, 10 minutes walk from Saint-Germain, the St-Michel fountain and Notre-Dame. Many restaurants, coffees, museums, monuments and parks around. 3 minutes walk from the Luxembourg RER station, so direct access from Roissy-Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports, and 15 minutes from the Gare de Lyon train station.
21054	The space is within central Paris and is also surrounded by a beautiful garden. A modern building, it has an elevator with ample room. Cable TV, internet are included. A laundromat is just across the street. ATMs, cafés and bistros are all nearby to complete the Parisian lifestyle experience. The apartment is fully equipped with utensils, cooking pans and refrigerator.	This is a cozy place in Paris, ideal for students or a couple. One minute walk to the charming Jardin des Plantes. Ideally situated in the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to metros Censier-Daubenton, Les Gobelins and several bus lines. The space is within central Paris and is also surrounded by a beautiful garden. A modern building, it has an elevator with ample room. Cable TV, internet are included. A laundromat is just across the street. ATMs, cafés and bistros are all nearby to complete the Parisian lifestyle experience. The apartment is fully equipped with utensils, cooking pans and refrigerator. The neighborhood is the famous Latin Quarter. Rue Mouffetard is a minute away from the flat. Pantheon, the Luxembourg Gardens and Saint Germain are nearby. The closest metros are Censier-Daubenton and Les Gobelins. You can also access bus 91 to Montparnasse for a 5 minute bus ride if you prefer not to walk. Bus 83 goes directly to Saint Germain. Buses 27 and 47 can lead to straight to th
21055	50 m2 1 bedroom 1 balcony TV wi-fi	Amazing view on Notre Dame 50 m2 1 bedroom 1 balcony TV wi-fi Direct from the Airport by train and faster than a cab (more than 5 metro lines close from the appartment and several buses lines) As often as necessary Notre Dame, Latin Quarter, Saint Michel, Saint Louis Island, etc. all you need Perfect location and appartement to spend few days discovering Paris in couple
21056		Petit problème le placard au dessus de mon évier à du être retiré... 
21057	Total freedom and tranquility, this comfortable apartment will delight you with its positioning within the historic and magical Luxembourg, Panthéon, Sorbonne, Odéon ect ... Close to the Latin Quarter with the Cathedral Notre Dame and Saint Michel.	3 room apartment in the heart of Paris, 90m2 and 20m2 located at the foot of the Luxembourg Gardens, the Sorbonne and the Pantheon from Notre Dame de Paris. Located in 6em floor (with elevator) of a beautiful Parisian building overlooking the roofs o Total freedom and tranquility, this comfortable apartment will delight you with its positioning within the historic and magical Luxembourg, Panthéon, Sorbonne, Odéon ect ... Close to the Latin Quarter with the Cathedral Notre Dame and Saint Michel. Notre Dame at Deux Magots you can enjoy the ease of being close to all the most beautiful districts of Paris I would be at your arrival to hand over the keys to the apartment and take the tour. I would remain available for maintenance or in case of unexpected problems. The Fifth District is elegant, artistic and great for tourists. You will love the proximity to the Luxembourg Gardens and Rue de Rennes which is filled with wonderful shops. There RER B just next to the apartment. The RER B is in 
21058	The building has a delightful paved courtyard with plants, flowers, and trees tended by the friendly guardian. It is a pleasant and well kept recent building, sensitively reproducing the traditional style. Take the elevator to this light and airy second floor apartment which features tall windows, polished parquet floors with rugs, and some antiques. The living room is furnished with a sofa, a dining table and Cable TV and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. It opens on to the bedroom (no door) with twin beds that can be pushed together to make a wide King bed, and an in-suite bathroom; the toilet is separate. The kitchen is equipped with full oven, a four cooking element cook-top, refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine and clothes dryer. This apartment has building controlled gas central heating.	Here you will find a maze of narrow cobbled streets, wonderful old buildings, lots of moderately priced restaurants, street cafes, and especially the markets - the bi-weekly market on the Place Monge. The building has a delightful paved courtyard with plants, flowers, and trees tended by the friendly guardian. It is a pleasant and well kept recent building, sensitively reproducing the traditional style. Take the elevator to this light and airy second floor apartment which features tall windows, polished parquet floors with rugs, and some antiques. The living room is furnished with a sofa, a dining table and Cable TV and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. It opens on to the bedroom (no door) with twin beds that can be pushed together to make a wide King bed, and an in-suite bathroom; the toilet is separate. The kitchen is equipped with full oven, a four cooking element cook-top, refrigerator, dishwasher, washing machine and clothes dryer. This apartment has building controlled gas central 
21059	This original and bright studio with exposed beams is very singular. Its decorations changes from one room to another, but always stays in a warm and cozy spirit. You will quickly feel at home there. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The double-oriented studio is on the 3rd floor with no elevator, on one side it faces the courtyard, on the other side it faces the street. Perfectly situated, well laid out and decorated, this studio is a cocoon bathed with light. It opens onto the entrance composed with storage space and an access to the bathroom with its small bath tub and WC. The main room is made up of an open plan kitchen on the right, facing the courtyard, and on the left, there is the living facing the street with a bench seat, a dining table and a flat screen TV. The room is separated from the other sides of the apartment; it has a 140 cm double bed, a chest of drawers and a wardrobe. Its visible beams and lovely furniture bestowed the apartment a very cozy 	This original and bright studio with exposed beams is very singular. Its decorations changes from one room to another, but always stays in a warm and cozy spirit. You will quickly feel at home there. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The double-oriented studio is on the 3rd floor with no elevator, on one side it faces the courtyard, on the other side it faces the street. Perfectly situated, well laid out and decorated, this studio is a cocoon bathed with light. It opens onto the entrance composed with storage space and an access to the bathroom with its small bath tub and WC. The main room is made up of an open plan kitchen on the right, facing the courtyard, and on the left, there is the living facing the street with a bench seat, a dining table and a flat screen TV. The room is separated from the other sides of the apartment; it has a 140 cm double bed, a chest of drawers and a wardrobe. Its visible beams and lovely furniture bestowed the apartment a very cozy 
21060	Découvrez ce merveilleux appartement en duplex de 4 pièces sur 90 m2 et situé idéalement à quelques pas du Jardin du Luxembourg, du Panthéon ou du lycée Henri IV. Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur, vous trouverez au premier niveau la pièce à vivre lumineuse avec un salon confortable et une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée donnant sur un espace salle à manger. Une chambre double et une salle de douche avec toilette complète ce premier niveau. Après quelques marches vous accédez  à l'étage qui se compose d'une seconde chambre double avec penderie, une salle de bain et une chambre enfant pouvant faire office de bureau. Parfait pour un séjour entre amis ou en famille et situé dans le quartier le plus authentique de Paris, cet appartement vous permettra de profiter de la Capitale autant que vous le souhaitez ! The Apartment Features: 1st Floor: Living-room with TV Opened and fully-furnished kitchen with dining area Double bedroom with closet Shower room with toilet 2nd Floor: Double 	Posez vos valises dans cet appartement atypique en duplex, à deux pas du Panthéon, du Jardin du Luxembourg ou du lycée Henri IV et pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes et un enfant ! Découvrez ce merveilleux appartement en duplex de 4 pièces sur 90 m2 et situé idéalement à quelques pas du Jardin du Luxembourg, du Panthéon ou du lycée Henri IV. Situé au premier étage avec ascenseur, vous trouverez au premier niveau la pièce à vivre lumineuse avec un salon confortable et une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée donnant sur un espace salle à manger. Une chambre double et une salle de douche avec toilette complète ce premier niveau. Après quelques marches vous accédez  à l'étage qui se compose d'une seconde chambre double avec penderie, une salle de bain et une chambre enfant pouvant faire office de bureau. Parfait pour un séjour entre amis ou en famille et situé dans le quartier le plus authentique de Paris, cet appartement vous permettra de profiter de la Capitale autant que vous le sou
21061	L'appartement, avec son parquet au sol, sa vue sur jardin ( vous serez réveillés par les oiseaux le matin ! ) et sa bibliothèque donne un vrai effet de cocon. La grande pièce à vivre dispose d'un vidéo projecteur pour des soirées cinéma privées, la salle de bain d'une baignoire.  Les plus : Lit 160x200cm + matelas une place confortable, très calme, très central. 	Chaleureux et calme, sur une cour arborée, notre appartement rendra votre séjour parisien des plus agréables : Dans le 5ème arrondissement, en plein centre de Paris entre le Panthéon et le jardin des plantes, à quelques pas de la rue Mouffetard.  L'appartement, avec son parquet au sol, sa vue sur jardin ( vous serez réveillés par les oiseaux le matin ! ) et sa bibliothèque donne un vrai effet de cocon. La grande pièce à vivre dispose d'un vidéo projecteur pour des soirées cinéma privées, la salle de bain d'une baignoire.  Les plus : Lit 160x200cm + matelas une place confortable, très calme, très central.  Accès via la cour, appartement au troisième étage. Quartier calme et vivant à la fois ( nombreux restaurants à proximité, notamment dans les alentours de la rue Mouffetard et de la jolie place de la Contrescarpe ). Charmant, il permet d'allier visites culturelles ( Panthéon, Sorbonne, Museum d'histoire naturelle ) et ballades en plein air ( Jardin des Plantes & sa ménagerie/Zoo, Arène
21062	You will enjoy the comfort of our large apartment very well situated and with a great view on Notre Dame from the bedroom. We have a queen size bed in the bedroom and we can add another queen size bed in the living room if necessary.	Enjoy the charm of heart of Paris in a unique full of light apartment with a 50m2 living room and kitchen with all amenities, a ultra comfort bedroom with queen size bed and view on Notre Dame. You will enjoy the comfort of our large apartment very well situated and with a great view on Notre Dame from the bedroom. We have a queen size bed in the bedroom and we can add another queen size bed in the living room if necessary. We will be happy to give you good tips for restaurants and visit in the neighborhood and for sure you will enjoy your stay at our apartment. In the middle of historic Paris, you will find a huge number of very nice restaurants with all kind of food (French, Fish, Italian, Vietnamese, American...) to enjoy after visiting between Pantheon, Notre Dame and St Germain des Prés! Very close to the RER station connected with Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport (RER B, St Michel station) and the subway (line 10: Maubert Mutualité). Several Velib stations to ride a public bike.
21063	치안이 좋고, 몽쥬약국에서 2분거리. RER B선에서 매우 가까워서 공항이나 기차역 이동할때 매우 편리. 주요 관광지와의 거리가 매우 가깝고, 에펠탑 꼭대기, 몽파르나스 타워를 밤에 볼 수 있음	치안이 좋고, 몽쥬약국에서 2분거리. RER B선에서 매우 가까워서 공항이나 기차역 이동할때 매우 편리. 주요 관광지와의 거리가 매우 가깝고, 에펠탑 꼭대기, 몽파르나스 타워를 밤에 볼 수 있음
21064	An excellent space for a person traveling alone as well as for a couple.  The rear half of an ancient flat, it's more of a studio than a room, with a well-equipped tho tiny kitchenette. This Garret is at the finest location in Paris, on the incomparable and famous rue de la Huchette, a tiny, ancient Roman street over 1700 years old --- full of medieval buildings of amazing beauty and the center of an on-going celebration of life which is the night life in the Latin Quarter.     It's a museum of sorts, but comfy.  With thick stone walls and historic construction, this dwelling is amazingly quiet, one of the quietest in the Latin Quarter.   Moreover it's on sacred ground, and many guests report they have reached a level of peaceful sleep here seldom encountered elsewhere. PERHAPS SLEEP LIKE NEVER BEFORE  You sleep like a baby in the Garret. Many guests find themselves so comfy there in the morning and sleep in so late that they get a late start getting out and seeing Paris. Plus, there's	Built in 1494, one of the oldest dwellings in Paris. Why just visit historic monuments when you have the chance to live in one? Very quiet and tranquil garret for one or two on Sacred Ground. Awaken to the bells of Notre Dame. Center of Paris, walk everywhere. The Seine + beauty in every direction. Easy-going Bohemian atmosphere. Kitchenette. Closer to the airport (timewise) than any other dwelling in Paris thanks to special nearby entrance to RER train station. An excellent space for a person traveling alone as well as for a couple.  The rear half of an ancient flat, it's more of a studio than a room, with a well-equipped tho tiny kitchenette. This Garret is at the finest location in Paris, on the incomparable and famous rue de la Huchette, a tiny, ancient Roman street over 1700 years old --- full of medieval buildings of amazing beauty and the center of an on-going celebration of life which is the night life in the Latin Quarter.     It's a museum of sorts, but comfy.  With thick sto
21065	Bonjour! Our flat is on the second floor of a typical parisian building, in the rue Mouffetard. It is made of:  - a living room (20sqm) with a mezzanine for 2, one bed and one sofa (convertible in one bed for 2). Thus We can host up to 5 people in our studio.  - a kitchen with everything you need (microwave, oven, dishes)  - a private bathroom with shower (towel included)	The best location to experience the parisian way of life!
21066	The Jaguar House is a drop of beauty. Its unique design distributed in three mini-floors creates a cozy, charming, and peaceful atmosphere. On the first level you will find a charming living-room provided with a sofa-bed for two people. The dining room is located on the second level. There you will find a peaceful space to enjoy eating, reading, and resting. The hammock hanging on the second level is the backpackers' preferred option. Walking down the stairs to the third level you will get to the Rue du Bonheur, which hosts a double-bed room and a private bathroom. An independent kitchen communicates with the dining room on the second level.	If you think of Paris as a sort of magical city with a kind of enlightening charm on its paved streets, or if you dream of spending your nights like an authentic Parisian in a romantic flat, the Jaguar House is the place where you have to knock on. The Jaguar House is a drop of beauty. Its unique design distributed in three mini-floors creates a cozy, charming, and peaceful atmosphere. On the first level you will find a charming living-room provided with a sofa-bed for two people. The dining room is located on the second level. There you will find a peaceful space to enjoy eating, reading, and resting. The hammock hanging on the second level is the backpackers' preferred option. Walking down the stairs to the third level you will get to the Rue du Bonheur, which hosts a double-bed room and a private bathroom. An independent kitchen communicates with the dining room on the second level. The flat is located 5 minutes’ walk away from Place Monge. From Châtelet, the metro station located a
21067	I am offering a romantic and fully furnished little duplex apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter, the beautiful historical center of Paris. The neighbourhood is enchanting, safe and lively (a lot of restaurants, cafés, old cinemas...). The apartment itself is very calm.  Most of Paris points of interests are within walking distance : - Jardín de Luxemburgo: 5 min  - Panteón: 10 min  - Rue Mouffetard: 5 min  - Sorbona: 10 min  - Jardin des Plantes: 10 min  - Saint Germain des Prés: 15 min  - Ile de la Cité, Ile Saint Louis: 15 min  - Notre Dame: 15 minutos  - Musée du Louvre: 20 minutos  - Hôtel de Ville, rue de Rivoli: 20 min  - Barrio del Marais: 20 min  - Musée d \ 'Orsay: 30 min Stations of bus, Velib, and RER are very close (direct line from the airport). The nearest metro is less than 10 min away. The apartment, on the 3rd floor of an old building, has been fully redecorated in 2011, in a classic and warm style (wood beams, mansard roof upstairs). It is very calm and luminou	I am offering a romantic and fully furnished little duplex apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter, the beautiful historical center of Paris. The neighbourhood is enchanting, safe and lively (a lot of restaurants, cafés, old cinemas...). The apartment itself is very calm.  Most of Paris points of interests are within walking distance : - Jardín de Luxemburgo: 5 min  - Panteón: 10 min  - Rue Mouffetard: 5 min  - Sorbona: 10 min  - Jardin des Plantes: 10 min  - Saint Germain des Prés: 15 min  - Ile de la Cité, Ile Saint Louis: 15 min  - Notre Dame: 15 minutos  - Musée du Louvre: 20 minutos  - Hôtel de Ville, rue de Rivoli: 20 min  - Barrio del Marais: 20 min  - Musée d \ 'Orsay: 30 min Stations of bus, Velib, and RER are very close (direct line from the airport). The nearest metro is less than 10 min away. The apartment, on the 3rd floor of an old building, has been fully redecorated in 2011, in a classic and warm style (wood beams, mansard roof upstairs). It is very calm and luminou
21068		Appartement de 40m2  au charme typiquement parisien situé à 10 minutes à pieds du Panthéon et de Notre-Dame. Au 1er étage avec ascenseur, il se compose d'une chambre au calme, une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain et un salon convivial. Dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, vous séjournerez au cœur du Quartier Latin, tout proche de Saint-Germain-des-Prés, entre le Panthéon et les quais de Seine, à proximité de la Sorbonne, du jardin du Luxembourg, de la Place Saint-Michel, de l’île Saint-Louis et de Notre Dame de Paris. En plein cœur de Paris, à 100m des métros Cardinal Lemoine (ligne 10) et Jussieu (ligne 7), proche du RER B (accès direct à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle) et de nombreux arrêts de bus.
21069	Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the third floor with elevator Left in a Haussmann building.     Description  Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator in a Haussmann building. Completely renovated in 2013, the wooden floor and double glazed windows . There is a wireless internet connection broadband .  It can be described as follows :  - Living room with dining area , decorative fireplace, sofa bed for 2 people  Microwave stove, oven , fridge, cooker hood : - Fully equipped kitchen , closed.  - A first bedroom with a double bed (160 cm) and an en suite bathroom .  - A second bedroom with two single beds which can be joined to make a double bed, en suite shower room.  - Dressing room and cupboards  - Balcony spinning      	This is a completely renovated apartment that sleeps 6 persons. The apartment is typically Hausmaniann moldings, high ceilings and parquet floor. There are 2 bedrooms with 2 ajoining bathroom Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the third floor with elevator Left in a Haussmann building.     Description  Located in the Latin Quarter, this apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator in a Haussmann building. Completely renovated in 2013, the wooden floor and double glazed windows . There is a wireless internet connection broadband .  It can be described as follows :  - Living room with dining area , decorative fireplace, sofa bed for 2 people  Microwave stove, oven , fridge, cooker hood : - Fully equipped kitchen , closed.  - A first bedroom with a double bed (160 cm) and an en suite bathroom .  - A second bedroom with two single beds which can be joined to make a double bed, en suite shower room.  - Dressing room and cupboards  - Balcony spinning      The entire apartment 
21070	The TINY studio-loft of 14m2, has the potential to accommodate 1 to 2 guests  with LIGHT  luggages ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century, on the second floor by foot. The studio-loft is clean, very luminous, with 1 window overlooking the surprising quiet courtyard. As you can see on the pictures, there is one mini open kitchen, just a table and 2 chairs, one flat screen TV, one tiny bathroom and on the mezzanine there is a double mattress of quality. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams… The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out is before noon. If the place is available we could do an Earlier Check In from 10am. Or at least from 8am I could organize you to be helped to store your luggage for a few hours…or / and after Check Out.	Perfect LOCATION for Visiting Paris :  In the Pedestrian Area of Quartier Latin, near the metro and RER St Michel major line B.  The building is between Quai Saint Michel and Boulevard Saint Germain,  5 minutes by foot from Notre Dame de Paris... The TINY studio-loft of 14m2, has the potential to accommodate 1 to 2 guests  with LIGHT  luggages ! Located on Rue Saint Severin, near the Church Saint Severin in a building of the 16 -17th century, on the second floor by foot. The studio-loft is clean, very luminous, with 1 window overlooking the surprising quiet courtyard. As you can see on the pictures, there is one mini open kitchen, just a table and 2 chairs, one flat screen TV, one tiny bathroom and on the mezzanine there is a double mattress of quality. The Interior Design is Typical of this kind of old building with exposed beams… The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out is before noon. If the place is available we could do an Earlier Check In from 10am. Or at least from 8
21071	It is the splendid position that makes the flat unique. The history of our quarter traces its roots back to the Roman epoch. The lively and rebellious quarter has became famous for both its learnings and bomemian life. En outre, tous près, in the number 10 of our street young poor Napoleon took on lease a room in 1795.	"Cozy studio flat, sunny, quiet, 10 m2, fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris, at the 7d floor without elevator It is the splendid position that makes the flat unique. The history of our quarter traces its roots back to the Roman epoch. The lively and rebellious quarter has became famous for both its learnings and bomemian life. En outre, tous près, in the number 10 of our street young poor Napoleon took on lease a room in 1795. Unfortunately, we have no right to leave bycicles and motocicles in the yard. Often I go away from Paris for holidays, I am accessible at any moment par téléphone, émail and messages of aribnb. The public transport stations are at the walking distance of 1-2 minutes: - metro line 4: St-Michel Notre-Dame, exit number 2 (tablet ""sortie 2"") - metro line 10: Cluny la Sorbonne, exit number 3 (tablet ""sortie 3"") - RER C: Saint Michel Notre-Dame, exit on the place Saint Michel - RER B: Saint Michel Notre-Dame, exit number 6 on the street Xavier Privas (tablet """
21072	Located in one of the oldest parisian streets (it already existed in the 14th century), this apartment is part of a 18th century building which has been recently renovated with particular attention to the charme that the original stones and wooden beams have nowadays. The space organization (two bedrooms and two bathrooms), the functionality and its location in the hearth of Paris are some of the many reasons for loving it.	Located in one of the oldest parisian streets (it already existed in the 14th century), this apartment is part of a 18th century building which has been recently renovated with particular attention to the charme that the original stones and wooden beams have nowadays. The space organization (two bedrooms and two bathrooms), the functionality and its location in the hearth of Paris are some of the many reasons for loving it.
21073	A lovely and romantic renovated apartment with one living room and one bedroom. (***No separation between them***) This apartment is perfect for a couple, but it can welcome up to 4 persons. (2 persons can sleep on the sofa bed). The apartment is on the 4th floor, NO lift. The apartment is  well located in the heart of Paris, in an historical neighborhood. A street known for it’s pubs, commodities, restaurants and nights. • 200 meters from “Place Saint Michel • 400 meters from “Notre Dame” • In the Latin quarter  • In front of Seine river • 1 minute walk from the Seine river just in front of the Louvre and Orsay Museum. In a 17’s century historical building, the apartment is on the third floor, with two large windows, wood floor, entirely new and renovated, it can welcome up to 4 persons.  The living room is furnished with a sofa bed for two person, a coffee table. At your disposal a WIFI Internet connection. The bathroom include a shower and WC inside the apartment. This apartment is 	Ideal for a couple, this charming apartment is  well located in the heart of Paris, in an historical neighborhood, the Latin Quarter. This apartment is in the middle of Paris, the Seine River is across the street, Notre Dame Cathedrale as well.  A lovely and romantic renovated apartment with one living room and one bedroom. (***No separation between them***) This apartment is perfect for a couple, but it can welcome up to 4 persons. (2 persons can sleep on the sofa bed). The apartment is on the 4th floor, NO lift. The apartment is  well located in the heart of Paris, in an historical neighborhood. A street known for it’s pubs, commodities, restaurants and nights. • 200 meters from “Place Saint Michel • 400 meters from “Notre Dame” • In the Latin quarter  • In front of Seine river • 1 minute walk from the Seine river just in front of the Louvre and Orsay Museum. In a 17’s century historical building, the apartment is on the third floor, with two large windows, wood floor, entirely new a
21074	Great location,you will enjoy a very cozy  and comfortable apartment  in a charming 1700 building. the apartment accommodates four people comfortably. The apartment surface area is 45 squar meter, on fourth floor European with small elevator.	Our charming, recently renovated, tastefully furnished and decorated apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter is located less than one minute walk from RER B train that services Paris major airports and two minutes from Noterdam  Cathedral.    Great location,you will enjoy a very cozy  and comfortable apartment  in a charming 1700 building. the apartment accommodates four people comfortably. The apartment surface area is 45 squar meter, on fourth floor European with small elevator. My guests will have access to all amenities in my apartment, dishwasher, washer& dryer, oven microwave, refrigerator, iron, hairdryer, Nespresso coffee machine and  building elevator.  I will be available to answer all my  guests questions, if I am not in Paris during my quests stay, my friend Clotilde  will receive my gussets and assist them with all there needs.   This neighborhood is very lively and safe, there are always people around even late at night This apartment is one minute away from RER B and
21075	Studio très charmant idéal pour deux personnes, au premier étage avec ascenseur, en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier magnifique. Il vous offre toutes les commodités (métro, marchés, boutiques, bars, restaurants, musées, etc.)Stations métro 7-10  Ideal very charming studio for two persons, on the first floor with elevator, it in the heart of Paris! in very nice district. It offers you all the conveniences (subway, markets, shops, bars, restaurants, museums, etc.) Subway: line 7 -JUSSIEU and line 10- CARDINAL LEMOINE at 3 minutes walking.  Stations bike (Velib) : at 2 minutes walking 25 min from  Gare du Nord ou  Eurostar Station  40 min from the airport CDG  35 min from the airport Orly  6 minutes Jardin des plantes, Arena of Lutetia, Institute of the Arab World, île Saint-Louis, Street Mouffetard 9 minutes: Notre-Dame, Latin Quarter 10-15 minutes of the Gardens of the Luxembourg, Pantheon, Museum of Cluny, etc. It is a small space fitted out well (height under ceiling approximatel	Studio très charmant idéal pour deux personnes, au premier étage avec ascenseur, en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier magnifique. Il vous offre toutes les commodités (métro, marchés, boutiques, bars, restaurants, musées, etc.)Stations métro 7-10  Studio très charmant idéal pour deux personnes, au premier étage avec ascenseur, en plein cœur de Paris, dans un quartier magnifique. Il vous offre toutes les commodités (métro, marchés, boutiques, bars, restaurants, musées, etc.)Stations métro 7-10  Ideal very charming studio for two persons, on the first floor with elevator, it in the heart of Paris! in very nice district. It offers you all the conveniences (subway, markets, shops, bars, restaurants, museums, etc.) Subway: line 7 -JUSSIEU and line 10- CARDINAL LEMOINE at 3 minutes walking.  Stations bike (Velib) : at 2 minutes walking 25 min from  Gare du Nord ou  Eurostar Station  40 min from the airport CDG  35 min from the airport Orly  6 minutes Jardin des plantes, Arena of Lutetia, 
21076	This studio is such a lovely parisian space close to the sky. 6th floor position with elevator till 5th floor. It offers a small quiet and peaceful nest with a trendy new decoration. Brightly and just renovated for the comfort of our guests. We paid a great attention to build a large shower room with a very comfortable shower and a terrific natural light	"This stylish brightly new renovated 18 sq M studio offers an amazing view from his two windows. The  ""Arênes de Lutèce"" view from the living room is a rare and spectacular permanent show! From the bathroom, parisian rooftops are so charming. This studio is such a lovely parisian space close to the sky. 6th floor position with elevator till 5th floor. It offers a small quiet and peaceful nest with a trendy new decoration. Brightly and just renovated for the comfort of our guests. We paid a great attention to build a large shower room with a very comfortable shower and a terrific natural light We would be happy to welcome you in one of the most typical parisian atmosphère with absolutly all facilities and shops around. It's a central secure and so lively area. Walking distance from Mouffetard, Panthéon, the river, Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, Saint Germain des Prés Metro stations: Place Monge line 7 Jussieu line 7 Cardinal Lemoine lines 7 and 10 Easy conection from CdG airport: RER line "
21077	The living room includes a double sofa bed very comfortable, an extensible table with bistro chairs, armchairs, several closets,  a TV stand with a flat screen TV with international channels, unlimited internet and wifi,. The bedroom space , very private is completely segregated from living area by a wall, has a double bed The kitchen, independent, is fully equipped and includes a fridge, electric hob, microwave, dishwasher and a variety of kitchen utensils The bathroom, with a shower, sink and toilet, contains a washer dryer The apartment is air conditioned, has  collective central heating, wooden parquet flooring 	Majestuous studio apartment, , very bright, air-conditioned, 2 steps from the Luxembourg gardens with a stunning view of the St. Michel Bd, perfectly fitted, suitable for 2-4 people  The living room includes a double sofa bed very comfortable, an extensible table with bistro chairs, armchairs, several closets,  a TV stand with a flat screen TV with international channels, unlimited internet and wifi,. The bedroom space , very private is completely segregated from living area by a wall, has a double bed The kitchen, independent, is fully equipped and includes a fridge, electric hob, microwave, dishwasher and a variety of kitchen utensils The bathroom, with a shower, sink and toilet, contains a washer dryer The apartment is air conditioned, has  collective central heating, wooden parquet flooring The location is fabulous, the heart of the Latin Quarter, terraced Place de la Sorbonne. . This is a very open area where life is good and it is a paradise for tourists, with prestigious monumen
21078	"This cozy and nice studio is located at the first French floor of a walk up building, in a tipically Parisian district, in the heart of a lively student area. The apartment is equipped with a Wi-Fi Internet connection, cable television, and a telephone for receiving and making free calls to fixed lines in Europe, Canada and the United States. Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows and towels. The flat is really close to the metro station ""Place Monge"", line 7. You will be close to the beautiful ""Jardin des Plantes"". If you walk on the other direction, you will be at the famous ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", where you can have a nice walk. The cozy studio is in the fifth arrondissement. At the corner you will find the ""rue Mouffetard"", one of the oldest street in Paris. There is a regular market with a lot of fresh and good food. You can find cheese, wine, fish, vegetable, fruits, bread and everything you need to enjoy the french life!"	"This cozy and nice studio is located at the first French floor of a walk up building, in a tipically Parisian district, in the heart of a lively student area. The apartment is equipped with a Wi-Fi Internet connection, cable television, and a telephone for receiving and making free calls to fixed lines in Europe, Canada and the United States. Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows and towels. The flat is really close to the metro station ""Place Monge"", line 7. You will be close to the beautiful ""Jardin des Plantes"". If you walk on the other direction, you will be at the famous ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", where you can have a nice walk. The cozy studio is in the fifth arrondissement. At the corner you will find the ""rue Mouffetard"", one of the oldest street in Paris. There is a regular market with a lot of fresh and good food. You can find cheese, wine, fish, vegetable, fruits, bread and everything you need to enjoy the french life!"
21079	Kitchen with fridge, separated bathroom All utilities are included (cold water, hot water, electricity, wifi internet, electric heating etc. All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. Beds: 2 big bed (2 people), and 2 sofa beds (2 people). 1 extra mattress. Within 100 meters... 6 Restaurants, few bars, 2 bakeries, groceries, dry-cleaner, hair dresser,  etc... If you need any info, Internet Wifi will help you finding adresses, timetables, restaurants... but please feel free to ask me; you will have my email, and phone number. ;-))	In the heart of the 5th district of Paris, this amazing studio, fully renovated in January 2012, is located near Mouffetard, Pantheon, well-known for its great & safe atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, bars & supermarkets …  Welcome to your home ! Kitchen with fridge, separated bathroom All utilities are included (cold water, hot water, electricity, wifi internet, electric heating etc. All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. Beds: 2 big bed (2 people), and 2 sofa beds (2 people). 1 extra mattress. Within 100 meters... 6 Restaurants, few bars, 2 bakeries, groceries, dry-cleaner, hair dresser,  etc... If you need any info, Internet Wifi will help you finding adresses, timetables, restaurants... but please feel free to ask me; you will have my email, and phone number. ;-)) The full flat is only for you Feel free to text or email me during your stay, for any question. Very safe area  In the capital of love and romantism, you are going to appreciate this very new independant 
21080		Je loue une grande chambre avec lit double et vue sur le jardin des plantes. L'appartement est occupé également par mes deux collocs, et il est très bien situé (entre la rue Mouffetard, Jussieu et le jardin des plantes).
21081	The place is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200), clothes closets, a large kitchen/dining room equipped with fridge, deep freezer, electric oven, gas cooker, washing machine, drying machine, dish washer a table for 6 or 7 persons and all dishes and cooking material, a bathroom with a shower and a bath tub. Sheets and towels are coming with.Wifi access.	Panthéon. In the Vth arrondissement, in a XVIII century building, an 72 square meters apartment to rent for shorts periods. The place is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200). The place is with an entrance/office, a room with a double bed (160x200), a living room with a sofa bed (160x200), clothes closets, a large kitchen/dining room equipped with fridge, deep freezer, electric oven, gas cooker, washing machine, drying machine, dish washer a table for 6 or 7 persons and all dishes and cooking material, a bathroom with a shower and a bath tub. Sheets and towels are coming with.Wifi access. Access to the entire flat I will be present to give the keys and to explain how is working the place, or somebody who represent me. I am reachable by phone or Email The apartment is neighbor to Hemingway's place and James Joyce's place... in the Mouffetard quarter. A lot of cafés and restaurants are there and it is cloth from historicals m
21082	Appartement situé au 3ème étage d'un bel immeuble parisien avec accès par ascenseur. Les fenêtre de l'appartement sont orientées vers un cour intérieure ce qui garantie le calme avec fenêtres ouvertes.	Appartement très charmant de 45m2 situé aux Gobelins. Idéalement situé aux milieu du Boulevard Saint Marcel dans le 5ème arrondissement à proximité des jardins des plantes et du Luxembourg. Un bonheur pour un couple! Appartement situé au 3ème étage d'un bel immeuble parisien avec accès par ascenseur. Les fenêtre de l'appartement sont orientées vers un cour intérieure ce qui garantie le calme avec fenêtres ouvertes. L'appartement dispose d'un pièce principale constitué du salon avec télé, barre de son, DVD, Playstation. La cuisine équipée d'un frigo, plaques électriques, four et ustensiles est intégrée dans la pièce principale de l'appartement. Une table ronde est disposé au milieu de la pièce afin d'être en mesure de partager un repas dans les meilleures conditions. La chambre est constitué d'un lit double Kingsize! Un régal après une traversée de la Capitale à pied! Dans l'hypothèse où les locataires auraient des questions, nous seront bien évidemment disponible par téléphone pendant 
21083	Amazing view all comfort 	In front of the Val de Grace this amazing one bedroom, 5th floor with elevator, one room with a queen size and a big coach very comfortable, RER, metro, bus. All is close and the views are amazing.
21084	This studio is located on 1st floor in a quiet street in the heart of Paris.  Charming, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 3 people. It includes one big room with a bed for 2 people and a sofa-bed, a small room with a bed for one person, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 25 channels (french).  The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV (25 channels), charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools...  Please note that the apartment is located above a restaurant. It may occasionnally make some noise until 11pm/midnight, but the doble gazed windows make it limited. Please check the reviews from my guest to ensure it won't disturb your stay!	At the very heart of Paris, this fully furnished & charming studio (35m2) is the perfect location for your short or long stay. It's located at the heart of Latin Corner, next to St-Michel & Notre Dame, well-known for its unique atmosphere! Welcome! This studio is located on 1st floor in a quiet street in the heart of Paris.  Charming, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 3 people. It includes one big room with a bed for 2 people and a sofa-bed, a small room with a bed for one person, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 25 channels (french).  The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV (25 channels), charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools...  Please note that the apartment is located above a restaurant. It may occasionnally make some noise until 11pm/midnight, but the doble gazed windows make it limited. Please check the reviews from my guest to ensure it won't disturb your stay! Entire flat Depending on the time you arrive, I'
21085		Appartement refait à neuf, idéal pour voyages d'affaires, proche ligne 5 et RER C.
21086	un vrai petit jardin exclusivement reservé au studio, personne d'autre ne peut y acceder.	Charmant studio avec un jardin privé au coeur du 5 eme, à deux pas du jardin des plantes C'est un atelier d'artiste que je mets en location le week end. Un canapé lits double confortable et un lit simple.Ideal 2 ou 3 pers. Cuisine, SDB. un vrai petit jardin exclusivement reservé au studio, personne d'autre ne peut y acceder.
21087	"Son style, sa ""chaleur"", son emplacement pour sortir et faire le tour de la gastronomie française et mondiale dans la rue Mouffetard"	Un appartement de charme, très calme, sans vis-a-vis ni personne sur le pallier, dans un quartier de rêve entre la place vendôme, l'opéra et le palais royal... Possibilité pour les personnes ayant plusieurs enfants de les loger en plus des 4p minimum
21088	Wonderful duplex (50 m2) in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame and many other great places ... in a very quiet, full of charm street	Wonderful duplex (50 m2) in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walk from Notre-Dame and many other great places ... in a very quiet, full of charm street
21089		Nice place near the rue Mouffetard, luxembourg garden, garden plants,
21090	"Situated in the center of Paris, in a peaceful and calm street of the ""Quartier Latin"", the room opens on a great balcon with a splendid view of the City. Ancient building renovated, the flat (60m2, zen and minimalist decoration) is at the 5th level with an elevator. The room is very clear and has an access on : a modern kitchen, the WC, the bathroom (shower) and a charmant dining room. Wifi Internet is free and always disponible. A closet, a cupboard and a desk, all emptys, are opened to the visitor, who can stay for a long period. Warm welcoming by Grégoire, scriptwriter 32 years old, you have the possibility to ask him breakfast, visit, wonderful places... The room is perfect for a lonely person, who want discover the old Paris, the small streets of the 17 et 18th century, the historic center, the typical shops, cultural and artistic profusion, club and bar, amazing restaurants... At 5 min of Notre-Dame / 5 min of Arènes de Lutèce / 5 min of Jardin des Plantes and his Museum / 5 min"	"Situated in the center of Paris, in a peaceful and calm street of the ""Quartier Latin"", the room opens on a great balcon with a splendid view of the City. Ancient building renovated, the flat (60m2, zen and minimalist decoration) is at the 5th level with an elevator. The room is very clear and has an access on : a modern kitchen, the WC, the bathroom (shower) and a charmant dining room. Wifi Internet is free and always disponible. A closet, a cupboard and a desk, all emptys, are opened to the visitor, who can stay for a long period. Warm welcoming by Grégoire, scriptwriter 32 years old, you have the possibility to ask him breakfast, visit, wonderful places... The room is perfect for a lonely person, who want discover the old Paris, the small streets of the 17 et 18th century, the historic center, the typical shops, cultural and artistic profusion, club and bar, amazing restaurants... At 5 min of Notre-Dame / 5 min of Arènes de Lutèce / 5 min of Jardin des Plantes and his Museum / 5 min"
21091	Appartement de 50m² très calme, en plein cœur du quartier latin, tout près de la place Monge, donnant sur une cour privée. A côté du Jardin des plantes et des arènes de Lutèce. Chambre double et grand séjour. Idéal pour un séjour de 2 à 4 personnes.  Vous apprécierez la festivité des nombreux restaurants, cafés, bars très proches de l'appartement, notamment ceux de la rue Mouffetard (5 min à pied) ou autour de l'Odéon (15 min à pied). En plein cœur du vieux Paris, vous apprécierez le cadre charmeur de la plus belle ville du monde, ses musées, ses vieilles boutiques, ses monuments historiques... Laissez vous charmer et porter jusqu'ici!  Je vous accueille après 16h en semaine, et selon nos compatibilités d'horaires le week end!  Je mets à votre disposition tout mon appartement, sans interdictions précises d'accès.  Je demande en échange une caution de 300€ à régler à l'entrée des lieux, et restituée par virement après la sortie.  Découvrez les attraits du quartier Monge, au cœur du 5ème	Appartement de 50m² très calme, en plein cœur du quartier latin, tout près de la place Monge, donnant sur une cour privée. A côté du Jardin des plantes et des arènes de Lutèce. Chambre double et grand séjour. Idéal pour un séjour de 2 à 4 personnes.  Vous apprécierez la festivité des nombreux restaurants, cafés, bars très proches de l'appartement, notamment ceux de la rue Mouffetard (5 min à pied) ou autour de l'Odéon (15 min à pied). En plein cœur du vieux Paris, vous apprécierez le cadre charmeur de la plus belle ville du monde, ses musées, ses vieilles boutiques, ses monuments historiques... Laissez vous charmer et porter jusqu'ici!  Je vous accueille après 16h en semaine, et selon nos compatibilités d'horaires le week end!  Je mets à votre disposition tout mon appartement, sans interdictions précises d'accès.  Je demande en échange une caution de 300€ à régler à l'entrée des lieux, et restituée par virement après la sortie.  Découvrez les attraits du quartier Monge, au cœur du 5ème
21092	"Well-located artist workshop. On the ground floor, in a well maintained 1800s building. You come in, the courtyard is calm, with a table and chairs, a wild vineyard and a fig. On the first level you have an exposed stone wall, a ""brasserie"" space, a small but full equipped kitchen. You walk on a glass floor that lets you see the lower level, an office, space for storage, a reading corner... A small staircase goes through a 6m tall skylight. You get into the bedroom entirely in stones and exposed beams. You're underground and the window reveals a view on the courtyard. At the back of the bedroom, you go down 2 steps and you're in the bathroom that has a small bathtub."	"Historic district of Paris Mouftard/Panthéon/Luxembourg Great for single person or couple Lively neighborhood but quiet place Ground flood + lower level Calm and relaxing Easy access to public transport Linen and towels provided Well-located artist workshop. On the ground floor, in a well maintained 1800s building. You come in, the courtyard is calm, with a table and chairs, a wild vineyard and a fig. On the first level you have an exposed stone wall, a ""brasserie"" space, a small but full equipped kitchen. You walk on a glass floor that lets you see the lower level, an office, space for storage, a reading corner... A small staircase goes through a 6m tall skylight. You get into the bedroom entirely in stones and exposed beams. You're underground and the window reveals a view on the courtyard. At the back of the bedroom, you go down 2 steps and you're in the bathroom that has a small bathtub. - Internet access via Wi-Fi. - The kitchen is equipped (refrigerator, ceramic hob, microwaves o"
21093	Located in historic central paris (Pantheon, Mouffetard Street, Museums...) and very easy to get to airports (line B RER) and railway stations. Subway and bus, velib'  (just at the entrance).  The studio is 8,5 m² but height  is 3,5 m, so the mezzanine with the 2 p mattress is confortable. Ideal for a single person. You'll have at your disposal tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, jam and brioche for the breakfast.	Central historic Paris, perfect for internship  week vacations. In  a typic Parisian building, little studio on a  green courtyard, ground floor well securised (2 digit codes, reinforced door and window). Quiet and charming. WC, shower, kitchen space and 2 p bed on mezzanne.  Private Wifi. Only non smokers accepted Located in historic central paris (Pantheon, Mouffetard Street, Museums...) and very easy to get to airports (line B RER) and railway stations. Subway and bus, velib'  (just at the entrance).  The studio is 8,5 m² but height  is 3,5 m, so the mezzanine with the 2 p mattress is confortable. Ideal for a single person. You'll have at your disposal tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, jam and brioche for the breakfast. Tourist can easily rent velib' (station just at the entrance of the bulding). Notre Dame de Paris is 20 mn by foot (5 mn by bus), crossing the Quartier Latin, Sorbonne 10 mn, Cluny, Panthéon, etc. The studio is located under my appartment, so we can discuss a little b
21094	Located on the 1st floor of a wonderful building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. All the windows are double glazed. They give on a lovely garden planted with trees and on the amazing National Museum of the Middle Age.	Amazing 80 sqm apartment to rent for two people next to the Sorbonne. Wonderfully furnished, this apartment is a pure jewel, if you like the traditional French style of course ! Located on the 1st floor of a wonderful building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second door with an intercom. All the windows are double glazed. They give on a lovely garden planted with trees and on the amazing National Museum of the Middle Age. This amazing 80 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom, a spacious double living-room, a wonderful dining-room, a spacious kitchen and a bathroom. From the entrance corridor you will first access the living-room. It has been divided in two living areas. The reception part with couches, armchairs and a coffee table organized around a majestic decorative chimney, and a second living area, that can be used as a television room, featuring a very comfortable couch and a large TV set placed in a built-in cupboard. A very nice secretary will enable you to
21095	 The studio is below our appartment, in a 17th century building, just near the « Collège des Bernardins », rue de Poissy. The studio, at the 2nd floor ( no elevator) is 15m3, the bed (200X160) is on a mezzanine, there’s a small bathroom with shower and WC , a fully fitted kitchen with fridge, microwave and everything needed for ccoking and eating. Washing machine. Fresh towels and sheets furnished. WiFi connection available. As we are living there, we’ll be glad to share with you the pleasure to live in this building : you go down the rue de Poissy, and , in, 3 mn, you’re on the banks of the river Seine, with a splendid view on the « chevet » (the rear side) of Notre-Dame. If you cross the river, you are on the « Ïle St Louis » and from there, « Le Marais » , la place des Vosges, la Bastille, or Châtelet and Hôtel de Ville. Following the river, you’re 25 mn from le Louvre and the Tuileries. If you prefer to stay on the left bank, you are in the quartier Latin, either you can climb the 	 The studio is below our appartment, in a 17th century building, just near the « Collège des Bernardins », rue de Poissy. The studio, at the 2nd floor ( no elevator) is 15m3, the bed (200X160) is on a mezzanine, there’s a small bathroom with shower and WC , a fully fitted kitchen with fridge, microwave and everything needed for ccoking and eating. Washing machine. Fresh towels and sheets furnished. WiFi connection available. As we are living there, we’ll be glad to share with you the pleasure to live in this building : you go down the rue de Poissy, and , in, 3 mn, you’re on the banks of the river Seine, with a splendid view on the « chevet » (the rear side) of Notre-Dame. If you cross the river, you are on the « Ïle St Louis » and from there, « Le Marais » , la place des Vosges, la Bastille, or Châtelet and Hôtel de Ville. Following the river, you’re 25 mn from le Louvre and the Tuileries. If you prefer to stay on the left bank, you are in the quartier Latin, either you can climb the 
21096	Refined and sunny apartment of 24 square meters on the Left Bank, with design furniture and works of art. Very well situated in the historic center of Paris (at  5 minutes walking distance of River La Seine, Jardin des Plantes, Panthéon, Ile Saint-Louis, Arènes de Lutèce). Located on the third floor of an XVIIIth century building with a lovely arborized courtyard and lift. Completely renovated in July 2012 and fully equiped: washed machine, dishwasher, fridge with freezer compartment, microwave, vacuum cleaner,  iron, hairdryer, flat screen, internet, double bed (140 cm). Large bathroom with an italian shower and dressing. Large kitchen corner. Electric heating. Refined household linen and bath sheets. Books of art and guide books at disposal.Very well served by public transport (subway/lines 7 & 10: Jussieu, Cardinal Lemoine/ bus: (phone number hidden)). Very good traditionnal French restaurants either in the building (Moissonnier),in the street (Au moulin à vent. Chez Henri) or very 	Refined and sunny apartment of 24 square meters on the Left Bank, with design furniture and works of art. Very well situated in the historic center of Paris (at  5 minutes walking distance of River La Seine, Jardin des Plantes, Panthéon, Ile Saint-Louis, Arènes de Lutèce). Located on the third floor of an XVIIIth century building with a lovely arborized courtyard and lift. Completely renovated in July 2012 and fully equiped: washed machine, dishwasher, fridge with freezer compartment, microwave, vacuum cleaner,  iron, hairdryer, flat screen, internet, double bed (140 cm). Large bathroom with an italian shower and dressing. Large kitchen corner. Electric heating. Refined household linen and bath sheets. Books of art and guide books at disposal.Very well served by public transport (subway/lines 7 & 10: Jussieu, Cardinal Lemoine/ bus: (phone number hidden)). Very good traditionnal French restaurants either in the building (Moissonnier),in the street (Au moulin à vent. Chez Henri) or very 
21097	We offer full accommodation during our absence, the bed is a sofa bed. The apartment is fully equipped with hob, fridge, heating, television (normal + channels some Freeview).  The studio can accommodate only two people.  The apartment is on the 5th floor.	We offer our studio usually during weekends. The studio is located in central Paris in 5 minutes from the Pantheon, 8 mins from the beautiful Jardin du Luxembourg, 15 mins from the famous Boulevard Saint-Michel and 20 minutes from the Notre Dame Cath We offer full accommodation during our absence, the bed is a sofa bed. The apartment is fully equipped with hob, fridge, heating, television (normal + channels some Freeview).  The studio can accommodate only two people.  The apartment is on the 5th floor. You will have access to WiFi.  We offer towels and sheets. We will meet at the check-in and check-out since you will be alone in the home during your stay. We are at the heart of the Latin Quarter ideal if you spend the weekend in Paris as you will be close to many of the most visited monuments in Paris. And 5 minutes from the famous Rue Mouffetard. RER B, line 7, bus, Velib, Autolib '.
21098	The apartment is approximately 18m², and is composed of a little bathroom with shower, sink and WC, a little kitchen with two electric hotplates, a sink and a fridge (but no oven), and a main room with a loft bed for 2, a hammock hung below, a armchair and a table (with chairs).	"On the 8th floor (with elevator), this apartment in the 5th arrondissement is very bright, and very well placed in the center of Paris. The view over the roofs and many of the finest monuments of the capital makes the place extremely nice. The apartment is approximately 18m², and is composed of a little bathroom with shower, sink and WC, a little kitchen with two electric hotplates, a sink and a fridge (but no oven), and a main room with a loft bed for 2, a hammock hung below, a armchair and a table (with chairs). I will remain available by mail and telephone during your stay in the apartment. The apartment is located in the ""5th district"" (cinquième arrondissement), near the intersection of two major boulevards: boulevard de l'Hôpital et boulevard Saint-Marcel. The area is quiet but has plenty of supermarkets, grocery stores, restaurants, and cafes/bars. The apartment is located less than 5 minutes walk from the subway station ""Saint-Marcel"", about 10 minutes from the subway station """
21099	Live like a Parisian in this sweet, yet petite apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter! Filled with antiques and art, you’ll feel at home in this one bedroom, full bath apartment.  The salon/living room is appointed with twin beds disguised as sofas so four can stay comfortably.  There is a full kitchen so you can make morning coffee or a full meal in style.  Washer/dryer, blow dryer and flat iron all available, as are fans and space heater. WiFi, Vonage phone, local Paris phone and stereo are all available for unlimited use.  We provide all linens, including down duvets, down pillows, cotton blankets, sheets, terry robes and towels. This quiet, light and air-filled apartment overlooks the roof tops of Paris and is particularly serene. Just steps from the Jussieu Metro it’s easy to explore Paris from home.  Also very nearby by is a bike stand (1/2 block) and a taxi stand (1 block).  And, we’re a few short blocks from Gare d'Austerlitz with trains to both Paris airports, London, Ams	Live like a Parisian in this sweet, yet petite apartment in the heart of the Latin Quarter! Filled with antiques and art, you’ll feel at home in this one bedroom, full bath apartment.  The salon/living room is appointed with twin beds disguised as sofas so four can stay comfortably.  There is a full kitchen so you can make morning coffee or a full meal in style.  Washer/dryer, blow dryer and flat iron all available, as are fans and space heater. WiFi, Vonage phone, local Paris phone and stereo are all available for unlimited use.  We provide all linens, including down duvets, down pillows, cotton blankets, sheets, terry robes and towels. This quiet, light and air-filled apartment overlooks the roof tops of Paris and is particularly serene. Just steps from the Jussieu Metro it’s easy to explore Paris from home.  Also very nearby by is a bike stand (1/2 block) and a taxi stand (1 block).  And, we’re a few short blocks from Gare d'Austerlitz with trains to both Paris airports, London, Ams
21100		Lovely appartement located in the herat of Latin quarter. Very quiet. Fully equipped. Quiet.  One luxury bedroom with king size bed (Oxford Millbrook beds matress!), living room with DIVA Sofa bed (simmons matress), fully equipped.
21101	Je loue mon appartement de 80 m2 en face des arènes de Lutèce, tout près de la rue Mouffetard, du Panthéon, du jardin des Plantes et à 10min à pieds du jardin du Luxembourg. Il est situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Métro : Jussieu, ligne 7 et 10 à 30 sec à pieds. Depuis cette station, vous pouvez vous rendre au Louvre en moins de 10 mn et en 5 mn dans le quartier très branché du Marais. Station velib à 100m et station autolib en-bas de l'immeuble. L'appartement dispose de 2 chambres avec lits double + un lit simple intégré dans une des deux chambres (idéal pour un enfant). La cuisine est entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, four... Il y a 2 télévisions (ensemble des chaînes orange + Beinsports), internet wi-fi (fibre optique). Supermarché en face de l'immeuble ouvert 365 jours par an jusqu'à 22h (très pratique). Et de nombreux commerces boulangerie, fast-food, restaurants etc.. à proximité.	Situé à 50m du métro Jussieu dans le 5ème arrondissement, appartement d'architecte totalement équipé dans un quartier animé et très agréable, proche rue Mouffetard, jardin des Plantes et à 10 min à pieds du Panthéon et du jardin du Luxembourg. Je loue mon appartement de 80 m2 en face des arènes de Lutèce, tout près de la rue Mouffetard, du Panthéon, du jardin des Plantes et à 10min à pieds du jardin du Luxembourg. Il est situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Métro : Jussieu, ligne 7 et 10 à 30 sec à pieds. Depuis cette station, vous pouvez vous rendre au Louvre en moins de 10 mn et en 5 mn dans le quartier très branché du Marais. Station velib à 100m et station autolib en-bas de l'immeuble. L'appartement dispose de 2 chambres avec lits double + un lit simple intégré dans une des deux chambres (idéal pour un enfant). La cuisine est entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, micro-ondes, four... Il y a 2 télévisions (ensemble des chaînes orange + Beinsports), internet wi-fi (
21102	Il comporte deux pièces : Une pièce principale avec :     - Canapé/lit ( 2 personnes) + lit mezzanine (1 personne)     -  Armoire     - Table + 2 chaises     - Table basse     - coin cuisine : 2 plaques éléctriques, évier, frigo      -micro-onde Une salle de bain -  WC - Lavabo - Baignoire/douche Vaisselle, couverts , casseroles, poêles, ustensiles de cuisine, draps, serviettes de toilettes, couvertures , sèche cheveux sont laissés à votre disposition. Connexion internet avec Sfr wifi public ou free wifi ( codes d’accès fournis) NB : L’appartement comporte trois couchages, mais il est idéal pour deux personnes ou éventuellement deux adultes et un enfant.	Studio situé dans le 5ème arrondissement au coeur du quartier latin. Le studio est à deux pas de la fameuse rue mouffetard, il est clair, agréable et fonctionnel ! Il comporte deux pièces : Une pièce principale avec :     - Canapé/lit ( 2 personnes) + lit mezzanine (1 personne)     -  Armoire     - Table + 2 chaises     - Table basse     - coin cuisine : 2 plaques éléctriques, évier, frigo      -micro-onde Une salle de bain -  WC - Lavabo - Baignoire/douche Vaisselle, couverts , casseroles, poêles, ustensiles de cuisine, draps, serviettes de toilettes, couvertures , sèche cheveux sont laissés à votre disposition. Connexion internet avec Sfr wifi public ou free wifi ( codes d’accès fournis) NB : L’appartement comporte trois couchages, mais il est idéal pour deux personnes ou éventuellement deux adultes et un enfant. La rue Mouffetard est une rue typique qui comporte nombreux petits commerces, restaurants,  bars, magasins .... Le jardin des plantes est à quelques pas, le Panthéon est à 1
21103	5 minutes walking from Panthéon, Sorbonne and Luxembourg (center of Paris), gorgeous apartment of 150 square meters. Close to shops, restaurants and public transportations (Bus lines (phone number hidden), RER B Luxembourg, 1 station from Saint Michel and 2 stations from Chatelet), 5 minutes walk from Mouffetard. 2 floors apartment: - at street level, huge living-room with integrated kitchen, dinner table of 12 people, under a 4 meters cell, 1 bathroom with shower and bath, 1 parental room with TV (queen bed),  access/wifi, 1 room with washing machines, 1 water-closet. - at basement level, 1 bathroom with shower and water-closet, 3 rooms Including 2 doubles rooms and 1 single room	5 minutes walking from Panthéon, Sorbonne and Luxembourg (center of Paris), gorgeous apartment of 150 square meters. Close to shops, restaurants and public transportations (Bus lines (phone number hidden), RER B Luxembourg, 1 station from Saint Michel and 2 stations from Chatelet), 5 minutes walk from Mouffetard. 2 floors apartment: - at street level, huge living-room with integrated kitchen, dinner table of 12 people, under a 4 meters cell, 1 bathroom with shower and bath, 1 parental room with TV (queen bed),  access/wifi, 1 room with washing machines, 1 water-closet. - at basement level, 1 bathroom with shower and water-closet, 3 rooms Including 2 doubles rooms and 1 single room Central Paris close to Luxembourg garden, Panthéon monument and Sorbonne Université groceries, restaurants, cafés Express train (rer B), Luxembourg station buses: lines (phone number hidden) and 85
21104	Large and comfortable living room bordered by a south-facing balcony with a table and 2 chairs, large shower, separate toilet, kitchen, cupboards. For 2 people. Bright and quiet on the 6th fl. with lift. Comfort and charm. Internet, TV, telephone (fixed and mobile) free for many countries. Washing machine, dishwasher, oven and microwave, coffee maker, fridge freezer, toaster, dishes. Sheets, bedding, towels, tea towels, iron, hair dryer. Free parking.	At the heart of 5th district of Paris, just steps from the Pantheon, the Botanical Gardens, the Sorbonne and the banks of the Seine. A 15’ foot from Notre Dame, 20' of the Pompidou Center. 3 metro stations, 4 bus lines Large and comfortable living room bordered by a south-facing balcony with a table and 2 chairs, large shower, separate toilet, kitchen, cupboards. For 2 people. Bright and quiet on the 6th fl. with lift. Comfort and charm. Internet, TV, telephone (fixed and mobile) free for many countries. Washing machine, dishwasher, oven and microwave, coffee maker, fridge freezer, toaster, dishes. Sheets, bedding, towels, tea towels, iron, hair dryer. Free parking. Transport network I will be present for the arrival and departure of travelers and live directions for use. I will be easy to get in touch by mobile. The district is like a village with lots of shops, cafes and restaurants with terraces. It's airy and green through its gardens (Jardin des Plantes,  Arenes de Lutece, Luxembo
21105	Experience the life as a real parisian family in this typical apartment. On the 3rd floor with elevator of a building on the famous rue des ecoles, this charming flat features a well equipped kitchen, a dining room, a cosy living, a bedroom with double bed, and another with a mezzanine double bed, ideal for kids or teens. With its excellent location, this apartment is the perfect cosy nest for a family willing to discover the city of lights. It also features a shower room and separated toilets.	An apartment full of charm on the rue des écoles. Very comfortable, it features a dining room, a nice living room, an equipped kitchen, a shower room and 2 bedrooms: one for two adults and the other for one or two kids/teens (mezzanine bed). Experience the life as a real parisian family in this typical apartment. On the 3rd floor with elevator of a building on the famous rue des ecoles, this charming flat features a well equipped kitchen, a dining room, a cosy living, a bedroom with double bed, and another with a mezzanine double bed, ideal for kids or teens. With its excellent location, this apartment is the perfect cosy nest for a family willing to discover the city of lights. It also features a shower room and separated toilets. Enjoy an unlimited and wireless internet connexion, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV.  House linen and towels are provided for each guest We welcome you in the apartment and show you how to use the different appliances, and 
21106	"Apartment on the 6th floor (with elevator) located in the Latin Quarter, 300 metres from the lively Rue Mouffetard and 500 metres from the beautiful Historic Jardin du Luxembourg and the Val de Grâce Chapel In our appartment, you will have a private room with flowered balcony and à nice view on the Eiffel Tower and on the Val De Grâce. The bathroom is just next door to your room and so is the kitchen. The Apartment offers free Wi-Fi and coffee and / or tea for breakfast. French, brazilian, italian and japanese restaurants nearby. Transport: Métro Les  Gobelins (Line 7) RER stop is ""Port-Royal"" (Line B) - direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport - Roissy Bus' stop is: ""Port-Royal Berthollet"" just in front of the building.  (Lines 21, 83, 91)  You will be right in the historic center of the beautifull capital in less of 10 mn by bus and you can even go there by walking."	"Apartment on the 6th floor (with elevator) located in the Latin Quarter, 300 metres from the lively Rue Mouffetard and 500 metres from the beautiful Historic Jardin du Luxembourg and the Val de Grâce Chapel In our appartment, you will have a private room with flowered balcony and à nice view on the Eiffel Tower and on the Val De Grâce. The bathroom is just next door to your room and so is the kitchen. The Apartment offers free Wi-Fi and coffee and / or tea for breakfast. French, brazilian, italian and japanese restaurants nearby. Transport: Métro Les  Gobelins (Line 7) RER stop is ""Port-Royal"" (Line B) - direct from Charles De Gaulle Airport - Roissy Bus' stop is: ""Port-Royal Berthollet"" just in front of the building.  (Lines 21, 83, 91)  You will be right in the historic center of the beautifull capital in less of 10 mn by bus and you can even go there by walking."
21107	Wifi gratuit	Appartement lumineux 90m² avec 5 fenêtres qui donnent sur rue piétonne , grande hauteur de plafond, parquet, deux chambres calmes, cuisine équipée, deux toilettes, deux salles de bains, aménagé avec goût, au coeur de Paris Wifi gratuit A la croisée du quartier latin et quartier Saint Germain l'emplacement est idéal pour découvrir Paris Beaucoup de transports (metro, bus, rer) accessibles à moins de 100m
21108	"Charming and comfortable flat - 43 square meters - located in the 5th neighbourhood iinside Paris, with a parisian touch.  Second floor, with lift. Bedroom, bathroom, livingroom... - at a walking distance from french garden ""Jardin des Plantes"" with Musée de l'Evolution, Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Grande Mosquée de Paris...A big pleasure to walk through this garden... - close to St Germain des Prés and direct access to the historical center of Paris (Le Marais, Chatelet....Centre Georges Pompidou...Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Institut du Monde Arabe, and the new district, along the Seine, Grande Bibliothèque François Mitterrand, the restaurants on the docks or on the barge under Seine... - close to station Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz At the beginning of the street, (close to the Seine) you'll find some shops for food, at the end, others shops (bakery, butcher, mini markets, bio, also...). Sunday, a famous old market : rue Mouffetard - close to bus station and metro...Gare d'Auste"	"Charming and comfortable flat - 43 square meters - located in the 5th neighbourhood iinside Paris, with a parisian touch.  Second floor, with lift. Bedroom, bathroom, livingroom... - at a walking distance from french garden ""Jardin des Plantes"" with Musée de l'Evolution, Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Grande Mosquée de Paris...A big pleasure to walk through this garden... - close to St Germain des Prés and direct access to the historical center of Paris (Le Marais, Chatelet....Centre Georges Pompidou...Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Institut du Monde Arabe, and the new district, along the Seine, Grande Bibliothèque François Mitterrand, the restaurants on the docks or on the barge under Seine... - close to station Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz At the beginning of the street, (close to the Seine) you'll find some shops for food, at the end, others shops (bakery, butcher, mini markets, bio, also...). Sunday, a famous old market : rue Mouffetard - close to bus station and metro...Gare d'Auste"
21109	Ideal studio for a couple or students willing to be in the heart of Paris, it is furnished and contains a kitchenette with hobs, a fridge and an oven. The bathroom has both a shower and toilets and the main room has a big sofa bed where you can relax and a table. There is also a dressing where you can store your personal effects. Warning: Arrivals between 6:00 pm and 9:00 pm = 20 € more Arrivals between 9:00 pm and 11:00 pm = 40 € more It is possible for people who want to organize a morning arrival, but since it implies that we can not rent the apartment the night before, we charge this service at a price of 50% of that one night. Located in the heart of Paris, 6th arrondissement is home to many art galleries and shops known for their ready to wear high-end streets. A few steps from Saint Michel square and Notre Dame cathedral, this area is a reference in the field of tourism, culture, outputs, gastronomy and shopping. You will find the key to the success of your stay. Attention :  Le	Joli studio pour deux personnes au coeur de Paris Face à Notre-Dame de Paris dans bel hôtel particulier. Ideal studio for a couple or students willing to be in the heart of Paris, it is furnished and contains a kitchenette with hobs, a fridge and an oven. The bathroom has both a shower and toilets and the main room has a big sofa bed where you can relax and a table. There is also a dressing where you can store your personal effects. Warning: Arrivals between 6:00 pm and 9:00 pm = 20 € more Arrivals between 9:00 pm and 11:00 pm = 40 € more It is possible for people who want to organize a morning arrival, but since it implies that we can not rent the apartment the night before, we charge this service at a price of 50% of that one night. Located in the heart of Paris, 6th arrondissement is home to many art galleries and shops known for their ready to wear high-end streets. A few steps from Saint Michel square and Notre Dame cathedral, this area is a reference in the field of tourism, cult
21110	Cet appartement est idéal pour une famille, sa localisation vous permettra de découvrir Paris dans ce que la ville a de plus authentique.  Il se compose de deux chambre, une familiale avec lit double et une chambre d'enfants avec lits superposés. Également dans le Salon, un canapé-lit une place. Cet appartement et son environnement vous garantissent un séjour plus qu'agréable et surtout très confortable. L'appartement a une surface de 60m2 et est entièrement à votre disposition.  Il se compose: - d'un grand salon en angle très lumineux avec cheminée, canapé, fauteuils, trois grandes fenêtres et un balcon filant offrant une vue imprenable sur Notre Dame. Paris sous vos fenêtres. - une cuisine ouverte avec un bar à l'américaine et entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four électrique, micro-ondes, grille-pain, cafetière... - une chambre parentale avec un lit double et une chambre pour enfants avec des lits superposés (un canapé convertible dans le salon peut faire office de li	Appartement spacieux & lumineux, au cœur du Paris historique avec vue sur Nt Dame. Excellente situation.  Spacious & bright appartment in the heart of historical Paris with view on Notre Dame. Exceptional location. Cet appartement est idéal pour une famille, sa localisation vous permettra de découvrir Paris dans ce que la ville a de plus authentique.  Il se compose de deux chambre, une familiale avec lit double et une chambre d'enfants avec lits superposés. Également dans le Salon, un canapé-lit une place. Cet appartement et son environnement vous garantissent un séjour plus qu'agréable et surtout très confortable. L'appartement a une surface de 60m2 et est entièrement à votre disposition.  Il se compose: - d'un grand salon en angle très lumineux avec cheminée, canapé, fauteuils, trois grandes fenêtres et un balcon filant offrant une vue imprenable sur Notre Dame. Paris sous vos fenêtres. - une cuisine ouverte avec un bar à l'américaine et entièrement équipée, réfrigérateur, congélateu
21111	If you are looking for a unique experience without resigning to modern comfort, you are welcome in our charming XVIII century loft. It is equipped for up to 4 travelers. It is located in the heart of Paris, about 100m away from N. Dame church, which makes it the perfect spot to discover Paris by walk. The apartment is the former refectory of Saint-Séverin church priests, that is located in front of the building. This Gothic style church built during the middle age will allow you to admire XIV century stained glass artwork. The XVII century apartment is on the first floor, has terracotta tiles and exposed beams. It faces an interior courtyard. It has an incredible 4m high ceiling giving a specific touch and impression of volume. The apartment is made of a large sunny living-room, equipped with a sofa, easy-chairs and a flat screen TV, a bedroom with Queen size bed (140*190cm) and many storage, an enclosed mezzanine with a bed (120*190cm), a cabinet with a convertible sofa (120*190cm) an	If you are looking for a unique experience without resigning to modern comfort, you are welcome in our charming XVIII century loft. It is equipped for up to 4 travelers. It is located in the heart of Paris, 100m away from N. Dame church If you are looking for a unique experience without resigning to modern comfort, you are welcome in our charming XVIII century loft. It is equipped for up to 4 travelers. It is located in the heart of Paris, about 100m away from N. Dame church, which makes it the perfect spot to discover Paris by walk. The apartment is the former refectory of Saint-Séverin church priests, that is located in front of the building. This Gothic style church built during the middle age will allow you to admire XIV century stained glass artwork. The XVII century apartment is on the first floor, has terracotta tiles and exposed beams. It faces an interior courtyard. It has an incredible 4m high ceiling giving a specific touch and impression of volume. The apartment is made of 
21112		Trés lumineux avec sa grande pièce principale avec sa vue traversante, au 4eme étage dans une rue très calme. Une grande chambre principale et une petite chambre d'enfants. Cuisine ouverte dans la pièce principale et décoration originale et chaleureuse Logement en vente, visites possibles
21113	A luxury flat one step away from the Luxembourg gardens and the prestigious Sorbonne.The location is unbeatable! Impeccable, beautiful,lots of light, everything you need for a perfect stay.Great location (just some steps to Luxembourg metro/RER station - walking distance to Quartier Latin, St Germain, Notre Dame, Louvre, etc), supermarkets, bars and restaurants around. You've everything that you may need inside the apartment. Great living area (excellent Wi-Fi available), satellite TV, DVD, music player, perfect kitchen with all the appliances (including Nespresso machine)... really a top place! Very convenient for all left bank sights and on a nice quiet street. The apartment is excellent with everything we needed for our stay, the dining area and table is brilliant with more than enough room to have guests for dinner! Superb location in a perfect position, we would recommend it to anybody. Very convenient for all left bank sights and on a nice quiet street. RER and shops within 5 min	A luxury flat one step away from the Luxembourg gardens and the prestigious Sorbonne.The location is unbeatable! Impeccable, beautiful,lots of light, everything you need for a perfect stay.Great location (just some steps to Luxembourg metro/RER station - walking distance to Quartier Latin, St Germain, Notre Dame, Louvre, etc), supermarkets, bars and restaurants around. You've everything that you may need inside the apartment. Great living area (excellent Wi-Fi available), satellite TV, DVD, music player, perfect kitchen with all the appliances (including Nespresso machine)... really a top place! Very convenient for all left bank sights and on a nice quiet street. The apartment is excellent with everything we needed for our stay, the dining area and table is brilliant with more than enough room to have guests for dinner! Superb location in a perfect position, we would recommend it to anybody. Very convenient for all left bank sights and on a nice quiet street. RER and shops within 5 min
21114		Beautiful apartment located in the center of Paris, 95m2, 2 bedrooms (4 beds). Parquet floor, fireplace and moldings on the ceilings...a real parisian apartment in a Haussmanian building with all modern convenience.
21115	The apartment proposes a large living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The apartment was completely renovated and re-furnished in 2015, the services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome ideally 4 people (possible for 6 people for short terms). It lies on the 2nd French floor with elevator and overlooks a quiet courtyard / garden (double glazed windows).  Equipements in the apartment : internet access with illimited WiFi, TV and international TV channels, vacuum cleaner, double sofa bed 140cm wide in the living room, stereo, electrical heating, fans, double glazed windows, elevator, digicode, intercom… Kettle, toaster, coffee machine, oven, micro wave, fridge, dish washer, freezer, hob, extractor hood, washing machine, iron, ironing board, linen and towels… The nearest metro station is Place Jussieu.	This beautiful 73 square meters 2 bedroom is located on rue Linné in the 5th district of Paris very close to Jardin des plantes (Public garden) and Pantheon.  Ideally it will welcome 4 people (possible for 6 people for short terms). The apartment proposes a large living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The apartment was completely renovated and re-furnished in 2015, the services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome ideally 4 people (possible for 6 people for short terms). It lies on the 2nd French floor with elevator and overlooks a quiet courtyard / garden (double glazed windows).  Equipements in the apartment : internet access with illimited WiFi, TV and international TV channels, vacuum cleaner, double sofa bed 140cm wide in the living room, stereo, electrical heating, fans, double glazed windows, elevator, digicode, intercom… Kettle, toaster, coffee machine, oven, micro wave
21116	CHARMING apartment at the heart of quartier Mouffetard, 1 minute from the beautiful Mouffetard Market and 5 minutes from the lively Place de la Contrescarpe. You will find immediately at home in this cosy flat, ideal for a couple or a family with children. With a view on the Place des Patriarches and the back Saint Médard Church, the place is absolutely quiet and peaceful. The metro station Censier Daubenton (line 7) is right opposite the square, literally one minute from the flat. This flat of 32 m2 is composed of one bedroom with an excellent bed, separated from the living-room by a small corridor. The couch on the living-room is convertible to a double-bed (with futon mattress) and you will find also an additional single futon mattress. The flat can then host 5 people. You will find a fully equipped small kitchen with 2 ovens, toaster and kettle. The bathroom includes a shower cabin, a sink and the toilets. Internet broadband with wi-fi access is available. The flat is oriented Sout	CHARMING apartment at the heart of quartier Mouffetard, 1 minute from the beautiful Mouffetard Market and 5 minutes from the lively Place de la Contrescarpe. You will find immediately at home in this cosy flat, ideal for a couple or a family with children. With a view on the Place des Patriarches and the back Saint Médard Church, the place is absolutely quiet and peaceful. The metro station Censier Daubenton (line 7) is right opposite the square, literally one minute from the flat. This flat of 32 m2 is composed of one bedroom with an excellent bed, separated from the living-room by a small corridor. The couch on the living-room is convertible to a double-bed (with futon mattress) and you will find also an additional single futon mattress. The flat can then host 5 people. You will find a fully equipped small kitchen with 2 ovens, toaster and kettle. The bathroom includes a shower cabin, a sink and the toilets. Internet broadband with wi-fi access is available. The flat is oriented Sout
21117	"This apartment of 441 sqft (41 sqm) offers 3 main benefits rarely joined together in Paris : ABSOLUTE SILENCE (and it's really not a catch word) while being in the center of Paris, an AMAZING VIEW (on both the Parisian towers - Eiffel and Montparnasse) and a very CHARMING AND COSY ATMOSPHERE on the 6th floor. It is located on ""Place de l'Estrapade"", right off the Pantheon. In the heart of Paris, a few steps away from the Pantheon, on the really top of the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève (the geographical center of the Latin Quarter and its calmest part), you will enjoy an unforgettable stay, thanks to the surrealist and thrilling atmosphere this “donjon” offers. The view is breathtaking and the silent is continuous: you will just get the feeling you are alone in the world while staying in the heart of the most visited city in the world.  While the sun disappear behind the Eiffel Tower, you will be able to contemplate the sunset with a glass of wine. Wait a bit and the Eiffel Tower will light"	"RARE AND STUNNING - SILENCE in PARIS Very romantic and cosy 441sqft apt (fire place, moldings) located in the heart of the Latin Quarter (Pantheon), absolutely silent, w/ an amazing view on Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower. Can host up to 4 people. This apartment of 441 sqft (41 sqm) offers 3 main benefits rarely joined together in Paris : ABSOLUTE SILENCE (and it's really not a catch word) while being in the center of Paris, an AMAZING VIEW (on both the Parisian towers - Eiffel and Montparnasse) and a very CHARMING AND COSY ATMOSPHERE on the 6th floor. It is located on ""Place de l'Estrapade"", right off the Pantheon. In the heart of Paris, a few steps away from the Pantheon, on the really top of the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève (the geographical center of the Latin Quarter and its calmest part), you will enjoy an unforgettable stay, thanks to the surrealist and thrilling atmosphere this “donjon” offers. The view is breathtaking and the silent is continuous: you will just get the feeling y"
21118	Appartement de 40 m2 au rez-de-chaussée dans un immeuble ancien, calme et refait à neuf.  Chambre séparée (lit deux personnes)  Salon avec table pour diner Cuisine équipée  Salle de bains  Le salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible offrant une possibilité supplémentaire de couchage. 	Don't hesitate to send me a message : I do speak English, French, Spanish, Portuguese and Russian!   Small flat in the city center of Paris (5ème). Really close to the Panthéon and Jardin du Luxembourg :) Appartement de 40 m2 au rez-de-chaussée dans un immeuble ancien, calme et refait à neuf.  Chambre séparée (lit deux personnes)  Salon avec table pour diner Cuisine équipée  Salle de bains  Le salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible offrant une possibilité supplémentaire de couchage. Vous avez accès à l’ensemble du logement : une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain et des toilettes séparés. La pièce principale est agréable à vivre.  Chambre séparée (lit 2 places)  Canapé Lit (2 places)  Wifi Gratuite En face du Jardin du Luxembourg, au coeur du Quartier Latin, à 5 min. de Notre-Dame, de l'ile saint-Louis, de la Sorbonne.  Commerces, restaurants, marché, cinémas, piscine à proximité immédiate. Tout le charme et l'attrait du Quartier Latin dans un secteur, près de la place Maubert, qui r
21119		Studio lumineux et très calme au 6ième étage. Beaucoup de lumière (plein sud), bien agencé et très bien équipé. Venez quelques jours à 5 min de Notre Dame au coeur du 5ième arrodissement. Nice flat in 5 district. Lot of light and well equipped.
21120	Mon appartement de trois pièces dans un immeuble ancien est idéalement situé à Maubert-Mutualité, dans un triangle Notre Dame/Saint-Michel/Panthéon, dans le coeur historique de Paris, à quelques centaines de mètres des quais de Seine, de Notre-Dame, du Quartier Saint-Michel, à 5 minutes à pied du Panthéon, de la rue Mouffetard, du Jardin du Luxembourg, à 10 minutes à pied de l’Hôtel de Ville, de Saint-Germain des Prés et du Marais.  Donnant sur une rue piétonne, ultra lumineux, il se situe au 5e étage sans ascenseur et offre une superbe vue sur les toîts et sur Notre Dame. L’accès de l’immeuble est protégé par un double digicode.  L’appartement est rénové et entièrement équipé. Il comprend :  - une entrée  - un séjour avec un canapé convertible en lit double (140x190), une table et des chaises. - Une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (plaques induction, hotte, four, réfrigérateur, lave vaisselle, machine à café, blender, toaster et toute la vaisselle nécessaire..) - Une chambre indép	Bel appartement lumineux et rénové dans le Centre Historique de Paris, à quelques centaines de mètres des quais de Seine, de Notre Dame et de Saint-Michel. Appartement tout équipé et quartier très vivant riche en commerces, bars et restaurants. Mon appartement de trois pièces dans un immeuble ancien est idéalement situé à Maubert-Mutualité, dans un triangle Notre Dame/Saint-Michel/Panthéon, dans le coeur historique de Paris, à quelques centaines de mètres des quais de Seine, de Notre-Dame, du Quartier Saint-Michel, à 5 minutes à pied du Panthéon, de la rue Mouffetard, du Jardin du Luxembourg, à 10 minutes à pied de l’Hôtel de Ville, de Saint-Germain des Prés et du Marais.  Donnant sur une rue piétonne, ultra lumineux, il se situe au 5e étage sans ascenseur et offre une superbe vue sur les toîts et sur Notre Dame. L’accès de l’immeuble est protégé par un double digicode.  L’appartement est rénové et entièrement équipé. Il comprend :  - une entrée  - un séjour avec un canapé convertible 
21121	"The metro station is just a few feet from the apartment. The location is a very student-friendly one, with the large ""Jussieu"" campus right next to it. Everything is set up for you to feel at home (large flat TV, internet, convertible sofa in addition to the king size bed, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, washer, blender, toaster, a Chromecast device, a game console -- Xbox 360, you need to bring your own discs, though). The kitchen has a (small-ish) fridge, a gas stove with two burners and an oven that can do microwave and standard baking."	"The apartment is about 430 square feet (40 square meters) overlooking a plaza next to the Jussieu university campus (3rd floor, no elevator). It is at the building's angle (has 6 tall windows) and the ceiling is very high (3 meters, or 10 feet). The metro station is just a few feet from the apartment. The location is a very student-friendly one, with the large ""Jussieu"" campus right next to it. Everything is set up for you to feel at home (large flat TV, internet, convertible sofa in addition to the king size bed, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, washer, blender, toaster, a Chromecast device, a game console -- Xbox 360, you need to bring your own discs, though). The kitchen has a (small-ish) fridge, a gas stove with two burners and an oven that can do microwave and standard baking. Entire apartment. Nothing is shared with anyone. I'll be glad to show them around if I'm in town, and have a drink with them if they'd like! If I'm abroad, I will provide my email and phone number in case "
21122	2 parts: one fully equiped kitchen space with bar table, small oven, fridge and all kitchen accessories.	Perfectly located, lovely and cosy appartment in the 5th arrondissement of Paris. One block away from historical rue Mouffetard, Metro Censier Daubenton and close to RER station Port Royal, Jardin du Luxembourg and Universities. The appartement is 23 square meters, second floor, fully renovated and equiped (kitchen, bedroom and bathroom). This is one bedroom appartment having no vis à vis and very sunny. The appartment is available preferably for long stay. 2 parts: one fully equiped kitchen space with bar table, small oven, fridge and all kitchen accessories. I am living in Paris so will be reachable and available for all kind of advice and tips! The 5th arrondissement of Paris is one of the oldest part of Paris. The appartment is located in the very heart of it couple of minutes away from rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes, Odéon etc...! The appartment enjoys perfect transport service by Bus, Metro and RER. Metro Censier Daubenton RER Port Royal (direc
21123	"The apartment is located in the heart of the little market of Mouffetard, one of the most charming places in Paris.  3rd floor of a Haussmann flat, it was renovated 4 years ago, very light and bright.  The windows in the room and the living room give onto the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"", and face due south : you can enjoy the sun, the scenery and the atmosphere of the market. "	"I let my little apartment in one of the most charming street in Paris (la rue Mouffetard). In the heart of Paris, just next to many monuments and interesting places to see ! A room with a big bed for 2 person, and a sofa that can be turned into a bed The apartment is located in the heart of the little market of Mouffetard, one of the most charming places in Paris.  3rd floor of a Haussmann flat, it was renovated 4 years ago, very light and bright.  The windows in the room and the living room give onto the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"", and face due south : you can enjoy the sun, the scenery and the atmosphere of the market.  The guests will have access to all the apartment : a big room with a bed for 2, a beautiful bathroom with a shower, and a big living-room with an open-plan kitchen, and a double sofa-bed.  You can also enjoy a TV and the Wifi.  I will enjoy to talk with the guests, to give them good advice or plans about what to do and what to see in Paris if needed ! I can speak a bit o"
21124	The furnishings have been chosen with great care in antique shops. It has a nice round table in walnut Empire style, two comfortable chairs wooden with straw. The kitchen was made to measure. It has a sofa bed with a mattress of 160 x 200 cm and a large wardrobe tailor-made. Hanging wall there is a TV with the flat screen 32 '. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, toaster, kettle, coffee maker, dishes, cups, cutlery, pots and pans. It has 2 flat electric cook.	At the 6 floor of an elegant and old building viewing the rooftops of Paris, renovated in 2013, with antique wooden floor and black marble fireplace, mosaic bathroom. It consists of an entrance hall, a lounge with sofa bed and kitchen, bathroom. The furnishings have been chosen with great care in antique shops. It has a nice round table in walnut Empire style, two comfortable chairs wooden with straw. The kitchen was made to measure. It has a sofa bed with a mattress of 160 x 200 cm and a large wardrobe tailor-made. Hanging wall there is a TV with the flat screen 32 '. The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, toaster, kettle, coffee maker, dishes, cups, cutlery, pots and pans. It has 2 flat electric cook. There is wifi, TV, washer-dryer, microwave. And everything you find at home that makes you much comfortable. Whenever you need me, by email or by phone, as well as directions to the appointment. in the heart of Paris! It 'a vibrant neighborhood that offers restaurants, bistros', 
21125	Appartement calme au coeur de paris	Superb flat located in the heart of Paris. Close to rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, Sorbonne and transportation (metro, RER, bus). Independent kitchen, toilet and bathroom. Sunny and quiet appartment.  Available for long stay. I am living in Paris so I remain available to answer any queries or provide any assistance or tips! Metro Censier Daubenton RER Port Royal (direct to both Paris airports) Several bus lines
21126	"This is a 23 square meters studio, located on rue des Fossés Saint-Bernard in the 5th district of Paris close a few steps from Institut du Monde Arabe.  It consists a living/dining room, a open equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 people. It is serverd by the metro station ""Jussieu"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Double sofa-bed 140 cm wide - DVD player - towels / linen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - Washing machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Southeast and is equipped with a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 5 chairs, 2 armchairs, a table, and a coffee table. the bathroom "	"This apartment is a studio of 23 square meters, situated in the Latin quarter, 5th arrondissement of Paris, a perfect place for a leisure or business trip. This is a 23 square meters studio, located on rue des Fossés Saint-Bernard in the 5th district of Paris close a few steps from Institut du Monde Arabe.  It consists a living/dining room, a open equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 people. It is serverd by the metro station ""Jussieu"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Intercom - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Double sofa-bed 140 cm wide - DVD player - towels / linen - refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - Washing machine - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 s"
21127	Located in the heart of the charming Latin Quarter, on a quiet street, this fully equiped apartment of 55 sq met has one big bedroom, which features a comfy double bed and a large balcony/terrace overlooking a private garden. It also has a living room with a pull-out sofa (double bed) and brand new TV/internet (wifi) equipment, a modern and fully equiped kitchen and a large bathroom. You will experience a real taste of Paris in this typical neighborhood, in close proximity to lots of trendy shops, bars and restaurants with easy access to every point of interest in Paris.  The apartment is very close to line 7 of the metro (Censier-Daubenton station), which serves Le Marais in 10 minutes and the Opera in 15-20 minutes. The apartment is located nearby the Botanic Garden, the Luxemburg Garden and Saint Germain (5, 15 and 20 min walking distance, respectively). Finally, a lot of buses (numbers (phone number hidden)) enable you to reach easily and quickly Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Grand	Located in the heart of the charming Latin Quarter, on a quiet street, this fully equiped apartment of 55 sq met has one big bedroom, which features a comfy double bed and a large balcony/terrace overlooking a private garden. It also has a living room with a pull-out sofa (double bed) and brand new TV/internet (wifi) equipment, a modern and fully equiped kitchen and a large bathroom. You will experience a real taste of Paris in this typical neighborhood, in close proximity to lots of trendy shops, bars and restaurants with easy access to every point of interest in Paris.  The apartment is very close to line 7 of the metro (Censier-Daubenton station), which serves Le Marais in 10 minutes and the Opera in 15-20 minutes. The apartment is located nearby the Botanic Garden, the Luxemburg Garden and Saint Germain (5, 15 and 20 min walking distance, respectively). Finally, a lot of buses (numbers (phone number hidden)) enable you to reach easily and quickly Saint Germain, Notre Dame, Le Grand
21128	"Bonjour !  I am Maxime and I rent the living room inside my apartment. Let me present you my lovely place ! Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in the Latin Quarter, a very safe, clean and quiet building. This comfortable cocoon of tranquility features with :  - TV - an internet connection (Wi-FI and ethernet) - fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave,          electric kettle etc),  - washing maching / dryer (7 euros supplement) - bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)  - it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch for you in the living room. My bedroom is located behing the living room and it gives the access to the bathroom. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer.   Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off y"	"Bonjour !  I am Maxime and I rent the living room inside my apartment. Let me present you my lovely place ! Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in the Latin Quarter, a very safe, clean and quiet building. This comfortable cocoon of tranquility features with :  - TV - an internet connection (Wi-FI and ethernet) - fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave,          electric kettle etc),  - washing maching / dryer (7 euros supplement) - bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)  - it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch for you in the living room. My bedroom is located behing the living room and it gives the access to the bathroom. Thanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer.   Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone. I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off y"
21129	Hello ;p My apartment is located in the Latin Section of Paris , one of the most  beautiful and historical districts of Paris : The Famous Pantheon where  Le Marquis de Condorcet , Victor Hugo and all the Great Persons who  built the Spirit of France are barried is just at 15 SECONDS WALK :D Around the apartment : you will find at less than 2 minutes :  - Le Pantheon  - Le Jardin du Luxembourg ( Chamber of Senators : le Sénat )  - La Sorbonne ( Most Famous University of France )  - Place de la Contrescarpe At less than 8 mn :  - La Seine ( The Famous River of Paris )  - Notre Dame de Paris ( The Most Famous Cathedral of Paris )  - Saint- Germain des Prés and Odéon ( Amazing Sections ) - Le Marais ( Amazing section ) In My apartment : it's a Studio  - 1 double bed  - 1 couch  - 1 TV + Internet WiFi  - 1 Bathroom with a bathtub, toilets, sink, hair dryer  - 1 Kitchen with 2 Electric Plaques, 1 Fridge , 1 Sink My apartment is very quiet and peaceful and the location is terrific to  start 	Wonderful Comfortable Apartment for 2 persons in the Latin Quarter : Pantheon, Luxembourg Parc, Saint Germain des Prés, Notre Dame : all the main sightseeings at less than 5mn walk ! Hello ;p My apartment is located in the Latin Section of Paris , one of the most  beautiful and historical districts of Paris : The Famous Pantheon where  Le Marquis de Condorcet , Victor Hugo and all the Great Persons who  built the Spirit of France are barried is just at 15 SECONDS WALK :D Around the apartment : you will find at less than 2 minutes :  - Le Pantheon  - Le Jardin du Luxembourg ( Chamber of Senators : le Sénat )  - La Sorbonne ( Most Famous University of France )  - Place de la Contrescarpe At less than 8 mn :  - La Seine ( The Famous River of Paris )  - Notre Dame de Paris ( The Most Famous Cathedral of Paris )  - Saint- Germain des Prés and Odéon ( Amazing Sections ) - Le Marais ( Amazing section ) In My apartment : it's a Studio  - 1 double bed  - 1 couch  - 1 TV + Internet WiFi  - 1 Bat
21130		Quartier central, animé, à deux pas de Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Odéon et de la Seine.  Metro ou Bus à proximité
21131	"We are a family of four (2 adults, 2 children). We rent our apartment during french school vacation period. Quiet, bright and sunny, this 2 bedroom apartment  is located in the 3rd floor with elevator of a building built in the 60s. The surface floor is 85 m²(sqm), it consists of a lounge/dining room and a kitchen of 35 m² (sqm), 2 rooms (15 m²-sqm and 20 m²-sqm), of a bathroom with bath and separate toilets. The main bedroom of 15 m² (sqm) has a double bed (160 cm X 200 cm), the 2nd room has bunk beds and a convertible sofa bed thats sleeps 2. Since we live in this apartment all year round it has various advantages: - It is totally equipped with household appliances (washing machine, dryer, Televisions with flat screen, DVD player, ...) - You can have access to our personal effects such as adults or children’s books, tourist guides, maps, DVD, CD, board games, … Besides discovering and visiting one of the most beautiful capital of the world, you will have the opportunity "" to live Par"	"We are a family of four (2 adults, 2 children). We rent our apartment during french school vacation period. Quiet, bright and sunny, this 2 bedroom apartment  is located in the 3rd floor with elevator of a building built in the 60s. The surface floor is 85 m²(sqm), it consists of a lounge/dining room and a kitchen of 35 m² (sqm), 2 rooms (15 m²-sqm and 20 m²-sqm), of a bathroom with bath and separate toilets. The main bedroom of 15 m² (sqm) has a double bed (160 cm X 200 cm), the 2nd room has bunk beds and a convertible sofa bed thats sleeps 2. Since we live in this apartment all year round it has various advantages: - It is totally equipped with household appliances (washing machine, dryer, Televisions with flat screen, DVD player, ...) - You can have access to our personal effects such as adults or children’s books, tourist guides, maps, DVD, CD, board games, … Besides discovering and visiting one of the most beautiful capital of the world, you will have the opportunity "" to live Par"
21132	YOU WILL LOVE enjoying an authentic Parisian Lofty in the Quartier Latin near Notre-Dame, the view is amazing and the location ideal. The Lofty is located in an historic 17th century building, on the 7th and highest floor and allow you to enjoy an amazing view on Parisian roofs and the top of the Eiffel Tower. The Lofty is at the heart of Paris, the view is lovely and the place really warm and charming. The interior architecture is brand new and pittoresque. There is a bathroom with toilets and a shower.  -Towels and bedding provided It is  simply furnished and has all the accomodations needed : -Radiator -Wifi internet  -TV and Hifi stereo Kitchen is equiped with: -Refrigerator/Freezer  -Microwave -Electric kettle -Electric Induction Cooking Table -Toaster   Located 5 minutes away from Notre-Dame, the Pantheon or Le Jardin du Luxembourg , and only a few steps from cinemas, theaters, nightclubs, cafés & great restaurants. Markets and bakeries round the corner. Easy access to many diffe	YOU WILL LOVE enjoying an authentic Parisian Lofty in the Quartier Latin near Notre-Dame, the view is amazing and the location ideal. The Lofty is located in an historic 17th century building, on the 7th and highest floor and allow you to enjoy an amazing view on Parisian roofs and the top of the Eiffel Tower. The Lofty is at the heart of Paris, the view is lovely and the place really warm and charming. The interior architecture is brand new and pittoresque. There is a bathroom with toilets and a shower.  -Towels and bedding provided It is  simply furnished and has all the accomodations needed : -Radiator -Wifi internet  -TV and Hifi stereo Kitchen is equiped with: -Refrigerator/Freezer  -Microwave -Electric kettle -Electric Induction Cooking Table -Toaster   Located 5 minutes away from Notre-Dame, the Pantheon or Le Jardin du Luxembourg , and only a few steps from cinemas, theaters, nightclubs, cafés & great restaurants. Markets and bakeries round the corner. Easy access to many diffe
21133	Charming studio located Boulevard Saint Germain in the well known district of Saint Michel! Kind-of-artist style, very luminous (two large windows), the flat is 20m² and can welcome two persons (perfect for a couple). It is fully furnished with a nice bathroom (with shower, toilets, vanity unit), a cute kitchenette (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, kitchen equipments,..) and a large convertible double bed couch! Free WIFI is also available. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  The flat is in a beautiful building built in 1905, it is at the third floor accessible with an elevator. The place is in the middle of the area of Saint Michel which is known as the Latin Quarter. It is the arts district of Paris with many galleries. It is a great lifeful and animated district with thousand of interesting bars and restaurants (best mexican in Paris down the road!) As it is right in the middle of Paris, many famous spots 	"Charming studio located Boulevard Saint Germain in the well known district of Saint Michel! Kind-of-artist style, very luminous (two large windows), the flat is 20m² and can welcome two persons (perfect for a couple). It is fully furnished with a n Station ""Maubert-mutualité"" ( line 10) Station "" Jussieu"" ( Line 10 & 7)"
21134	Two minutes walking from the famous market of the nice rue Mouffetard, five minutes away from the Luxembourg garden or the Panthéon, in the 5th arondissement of Paris, this beautiful apartment will be perfect for you to have a nice stay in Paris. Walking, by bus, bike or subway, you will easily be able to access every monument and parisien museum: Notre Dame de Paris, the Plant Garden, the Luxembourg park, the docks of the Seine or even the opera. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building from the Haussmann period, right at the corner of the rue Claude Bernard. The building has a elevator and a safety code. The flat has just been completely renovated during the summer of 2012. The apartment has a big living room, a huge kitchen, four bedrooms, a big and a small bathroom, and two toilets. The big bathroom has a bath and the small one has a shower and toilets. Two double bedrooms and two simple with spare beds. Sheets and towels included. The apartment is fully equipped: 	Two minutes walking from the famous market of the nice rue Mouffetard, five minutes away from the Luxembourg garden or the Panthéon, in the 5th arondissement of Paris, this beautiful apartment will be perfect for you to have a nice stay in Paris. Walking, by bus, bike or subway, you will easily be able to access every monument and parisien museum: Notre Dame de Paris, the Plant Garden, the Luxembourg park, the docks of the Seine or even the opera. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a beautiful building from the Haussmann period, right at the corner of the rue Claude Bernard. The building has a elevator and a safety code. The flat has just been completely renovated during the summer of 2012. The apartment has a big living room, a huge kitchen, four bedrooms, a big and a small bathroom, and two toilets. The big bathroom has a bath and the small one has a shower and toilets. Two double bedrooms and two simple with spare beds. Sheets and towels included. The apartment is fully equipped: 
21135	Studio d'Azur Mouffetard is a large luxurious studio apartment in an 18-th century building in the very heart of the Latin Quarter, on Rue Mouffetard – one of the oldest and most picturesque streets in Paris. The elegant living room is illuminated by two vast French windows, and has a king-size bed, two armchairs, a coffee table, and a dining table with 4 chairs. Wooden steps will lead you to the mezzanine where you'll find another king-size mattress. You will find books and DVDs for your entertainment, flat-screen LCD TV, a DVD player and stereo system. Cable TV with hundreds of channels, free Wireless Internet and free Phone calls to Europe, US and Australia (land line only) are all included when you rent this apartment.  Large double windows open on to the beautiful Rue Mouffetard. Have your morning coffee with delicious pastries and fresh fruit from the famous Mouffetard Market, or cook your breakfast in your own fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen has a large window and is fully e	This is a gem of an apartment, beautifully renovated by an architect, with hardwood oak floors, high ceilings with original wooden beams, luxurious king size beds, quality furnishings and plenty of wardrobe space. It can accommodate up to 4 people very comfortably. Studio d'Azur Mouffetard is a large luxurious studio apartment in an 18-th century building in the very heart of the Latin Quarter, on Rue Mouffetard – one of the oldest and most picturesque streets in Paris. The elegant living room is illuminated by two vast French windows, and has a king-size bed, two armchairs, a coffee table, and a dining table with 4 chairs. Wooden steps will lead you to the mezzanine where you'll find another king-size mattress. You will find books and DVDs for your entertainment, flat-screen LCD TV, a DVD player and stereo system. Cable TV with hundreds of channels, free Wireless Internet and free Phone calls to Europe, US and Australia (land line only) are all included when you rent this apartment.  
21136		"Appartement situé à mi chemin entre le jardin du Luxembourg et la rue Mouffetard. Au dernier étage d'un immeuble dans un quartier calme. Vous pourrez profiter de tout les ustensiles de cuisine, internet télévision, dressing, banc de musculation, bibliothèque, ordinateur.  Bus 91 depuis la Gare Montparnasse arrêt ""port royal bertholet"" Bus 91 / 83 depuis la Gare port Royal arrêt ""port royal bertholet"" Métro 7 les Gobelins  Bus 21 depuis Saint Michel Notre Dame arrêt ""port royal bertholet"" Noctilien N1 et N2 8 min Bus 91 depuis la Gare Montparnasse  4 min Bus 91 depuis la Gare port Royal  1 min Métro 7 les Gobelins  8 min Bus 21 depuis Saint Michel Notre Dame 25 min depuis Gare du Nord  Noctilien N1 et N2"
21137		Typical student room, quiet, right in the heart of Paris : Pantheon, Jardin du Luxembourg, rue mouffetard, 7 min by walk to Saint-Michel... The studio has a Mezzanine bed, another bed under, shower, kitchenette.
21138	Entre la Sorbonne, le Jardin des plantes et la rue Mouffetard, à 10 minutes à pied de Notre-Dame : studio meublé, 30m2, possibilité couchage 3 personnes (un lit queen size et un divan une personne). Coin cuisine, salle de bain, en rez-de-jardin. Métro : Cardinal-Lemoine.  	Entre la Sorbonne, le Jardin des plantes et la rue Mouffetard, à 10 minutes à pied de Notre-Dame : studio meublé, 30m2, possibilité couchage 3 personnes (un lit queen size et un divan une personne). Coin cuisine, salle de bain, en rez-de-jardin. Métro : Cardinal-Lemoine.  
21139	Idéalement situé, 	Wifi gratuit, serviettes fournies. Thé a volonté Dans le centre du cinquième arrondissement, notre appartement se trouve parmi les quartiers les plus jolis et les plus animés de Paris tels que Saint Germain des Prés, Saint Michel, les quais de la seine, Notre-Dame...  Les endroits les plus attractifs de Paris sont facilement accessibles en RER, metro ou bus qui se trouvent a cinq minutes a pied de l'appartement. Depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle : RER B direct jusqu'a la station Luxembourg. Depuis la gare du  Nord (Eurostar) : RER B direct jusqu'a Luxembourg ou la ligne de bus 38 jusqu'a les Ecoles.  Disponible du 22 mai au 12 juin, puis du 18 juin au 29 juin.
21140	32m^2 Big Studio at 2nd floor (1er étage).  Central heating, fully furnished (*), wooden floor (parquet). Big Closet. Warm in winter. Air circulation is good in summer. Newly renovated wall. Bathtub and washing machine in the bathroom. Kitchen : 2 electric cooking stoves, Big Oven,  Magimix Cafetier (for Nespresso capsules) . Dishes, all kinds of cutlery (or utensils) equipped.  Salon+Room :  Internet +Wifi included already in  the rent fee. One dining table and two chairs. Big bookshelves attached on the wall with a small working table. Canapé-Lit  of size 180x200 for two people.  Used only one month and the mattress is very thick and firm. 	5구 Metro Monge 바로 근처에 있는  32m^2 큰 원룸 스투디오 임대 합니다. 엘리베터 있는 2층 입니다.  (임대기간은 7월3일 부터 9월3일까지 두달 : 최소 일주일) 아파트 위치는 Mouffetard 거리 와 Gracieuse 거리  사이라서 조용 합니다. 교통이 편리 합니다. 몽쥬역(7번선)이 도보로 1분안에 있고, 무프타 시장 바로 옆이고 몽쥬약국도 아주 가깝고 팡테옹 소르본 대학도 걸어서 5분정도 거리에 있습니다. 파리  32m^2 Big Studio at 2nd floor (1er étage).  Central heating, fully furnished (*), wooden floor (parquet). Big Closet. Warm in winter. Air circulation is good in summer. Newly renovated wall. Bathtub and washing machine in the bathroom. Kitchen : 2 electric cooking stoves, Big Oven,  Magimix Cafetier (for Nespresso capsules) . Dishes, all kinds of cutlery (or utensils) equipped.  Salon+Room :  Internet +Wifi included already in  the rent fee. One dining table and two chairs. Big bookshelves attached on the wall with a small working table. Canapé-Lit  of size 180x200 for two people.  Used only one month and the mattress is very thick and firm. All the things left in the apartment. For the telephone, calling to home telephone is free to almost
21141	Amazing view of the Arènes de Lutèce! Large family-style apartment, very sunny and quiet, in the Latin Quarter. This apartment's exceptional location, steps away from the Jussieu Métro stop, will enable you to discover the heart of historic Paris: the Arènes of Lutèce, the Jardin des Plantes and its museum, the Panthéon, the banks of the Seine river, Notre-Dame, the Luxembourg Garden, the rue Mouffetard and its open-air market - all within an easy stroll. The apartment is located in a traditional Parisian building dating from 1840's. The apartment comprised of two levels: on the 6th floor (the last floor of the building) is a living room with a mezzanine, an open kitchen, a study with an upright piano, an office and a small bathroom. In the office, a staircase goes down to the 5th floor and the bedrooms (two connecting children's bedrooms and a master bedroom, all three with views of the garden) and a bathroom. In the study there is a fold-out couch that sleeps two. On the mezzanine, t	Amazing view of the Arènes de Lutèce! Large family-style apartment, very sunny and quiet, in the Latin Quarter. This apartment's exceptional location, steps away from the Jussieu Métro stop, will enable you to discover the heart of historic Paris: the Arènes of Lutèce, the Jardin des Plantes and its museum, the Panthéon, the banks of the Seine river, Notre-Dame, the Luxembourg Garden, the rue Mouffetard and its open-air market - all within an easy stroll. The apartment is located in a traditional Parisian building dating from 1840's. The apartment comprised of two levels: on the 6th floor (the last floor of the building) is a living room with a mezzanine, an open kitchen, a study with an upright piano, an office and a small bathroom. In the office, a staircase goes down to the 5th floor and the bedrooms (two connecting children's bedrooms and a master bedroom, all three with views of the garden) and a bathroom. In the study there is a fold-out couch that sleeps two. On the mezzanine, t
21142	The focal point of this smart 32 m2 apartment is the large day area, characterized by an elegant dark wood parquet flooring which contrasts brilliantly with the light hues of the furnishings; it is furnished with two wicker chairs, a TV set and a folding table, and it also comprises an open plan kitchen, fully equipped with all necessities. The double bedroom offers a comfortable double bed (140 cm wide) with matching side tables, and a spacious closet. The bathroom, to the left of the kitchen area, is fully fitted with a washbasin, shower and toilet, whilst a niche hides the washing machine. 	Unique 1 bedroom apt located in a large 19th century windmill now transformed and recently renovated, mantaining the peculiarity of its historical areas, nestled in one of the most interesting and vibrant areas of the city, Mouffetard, 5t district.  The focal point of this smart 32 m2 apartment is the large day area, characterized by an elegant dark wood parquet flooring which contrasts brilliantly with the light hues of the furnishings; it is furnished with two wicker chairs, a TV set and a folding table, and it also comprises an open plan kitchen, fully equipped with all necessities. The double bedroom offers a comfortable double bed (140 cm wide) with matching side tables, and a spacious closet. The bathroom, to the left of the kitchen area, is fully fitted with a washbasin, shower and toilet, whilst a niche hides the washing machine.  Guests have access to the entire apartment, and have full use of the kitchen. Sheets and towels are provided for free.  Upon arrival we will be waiti
21143		A 200m du Jardin des plantes, non loin du quartier latin, petit appartement 30 m2 fonctionnel et tout confort avec 1 chambre (lit double) et 1 salon (canapé-lit). Très calme, sur cour.
21144	1 Bedroom apartment located on rue Mouffetard in the 5th arrondissement On the second floor of the building with elevator. Just 2 min walking from metro stations (Metro Place Monge) and 1 min walking from the Grocery stores. Located exactly in Rue Mouffetard, the heart of the quartier Latin, one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighbourhoods. The area has many restaurants, shops, and cafés, and a regular open market. In the apartement you will have :  A real Queen size bed in the bedroom  and a very confortable sofa bed in the living room . Large dining table with 6 chairs. High speed internet WIFI access is provided. The apartment is fully equipped, with : - kitchen : fridge, microwave oven, vitroceramic cooktop, dishwasher, coffee machine, electric kettle, cook & tableware (glasses, cuttlery) for 6. - Large TV screen set with cable TV (french and international channels). - DVD player, Sound system - a washing/drying machine, hairdryer, iron & iron-board, vacuum cleaner, etc.	1 Bedroom apartment (540 square ft) located on rue Mouffetard in the 5th. arrondissement. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Walking distance from the most beautiful and popular places in Paris.  Ideally situated for the Metro (2min walk). 1 Bedroom apartment located on rue Mouffetard in the 5th arrondissement On the second floor of the building with elevator. Just 2 min walking from metro stations (Metro Place Monge) and 1 min walking from the Grocery stores. Located exactly in Rue Mouffetard, the heart of the quartier Latin, one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighbourhoods. The area has many restaurants, shops, and cafés, and a regular open market. In the apartement you will have :  A real Queen size bed in the bedroom  and a very confortable sofa bed in the living room . Large dining table with 6 chairs. High speed internet WIFI access is provided. The apartment is fully equipped, with : - kitchen : fridge, microwave oven, vitroceramic cooktop, dishwasher, coffee machine, 
21145	This bright and sunny (website hidden) studio offers all the charm of the Latin Quarter, with its on sight beams and parquet flooring, coupled with modern amenities. The space is well divided into a day area and night area, all illuminated by large windows which augment the sensation of space. The entrance opens onto a small hallway at the end of which is the living area. The hallway itself is fitted with a storage room and closet, succeeded by a made to measure kitchen corner, fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven and dishwasher. The open space at the end of the hall offers a living area with a sofa bed (for one adult or two children) and a dining table for 4 people, while a divider hides the sleeping area which includes a double bed and several bookshelves upon which lie books and a TV. The bathroom is modern and functional and complete with a bidet and a large stall shower.	Delightful studio apartment, fully renovated in 2007 with care and attention to detail, maximising space with an optimal layout, located on the 4th floor of a characteristic period building (with elevator) in the 5th arrondissement. This bright and sunny (website hidden) studio offers all the charm of the Latin Quarter, with its on sight beams and parquet flooring, coupled with modern amenities. The space is well divided into a day area and night area, all illuminated by large windows which augment the sensation of space. The entrance opens onto a small hallway at the end of which is the living area. The hallway itself is fitted with a storage room and closet, succeeded by a made to measure kitchen corner, fully equipped with all necessities including a microwave oven and dishwasher. The open space at the end of the hall offers a living area with a sofa bed (for one adult or two children) and a dining table for 4 people, while a divider hides the sleeping area which includes a double b
21146	Ce bel appartement de 35m2 se situe au 1er étage rue Mirbel et vous offre :  -Un séjour avec TV. -Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée. -Une chambre avec un lit double. -Une salle de bain avec douche et WC. 	L’appartement se trouve dans le quartier du Panthéon. Vous pourrez aller regarder un film au cinéma « La Clef », passer une journée au jardin des plantes, visiter la Paroisse Saint-Médard et la grande Mosquée, ou encore déguster un bubble-tea. Ce bel appartement de 35m2 se situe au 1er étage rue Mirbel et vous offre :  -Un séjour avec TV. -Une cuisine américaine entièrement équipée. -Une chambre avec un lit double. -Une salle de bain avec douche et WC. L’appartement se trouve dans le quartier du Panthéon. Vous pourrez aller regarder un film au cinéma « La Clef », passer une journée au jardin des plantes, visiter la Paroisse Saint-Médard et la grande Mosquée, ou encore déguster un bubble-tea au Bubble Fever à une rue de l’appartement.  De plus, vous ne serez qu’à quelques minutes du Panthéon et du Jardin du Luxembourg où vous pourrez pique-niquer lors d’un après-midi ensoleillé. Vous trouverez à 2 minutes à pied la station « Censier-Daubenton » où se trouve la ligne 7, et la station « P
21147	Situé en plein cœur du fameux Quartier Latin, 5 min à pied de Notre Dame, du Panthéon et de la Sorbonne, ce confortable studio  est l’endroit idéal pour tout type de séjour (étude, travail, vacance).  Sa proximité aux principaux lieux historiques de Lutèce, l’ancien Paris romain, ainsi qu’aux jardins les plus pittoresques  de la ville (le Jardin de Luxembourg et le Jardin des Plantes)  et au « Boul’ Mich » (blv St Michel) disséminé de magasins de vêtements, livres et musique pour tout  shopping, invite à se déplacer par la ville principalement à pied. Il est par ailleurs parfaitement desservi par les bus et le métro (la station la plus proche, Maubert Mutualité est à 1min à pied) et  si vous avez plutôt envie de vous laisser tenter par une balade de la Seine en bateau, vous trouverez  une station du Bateau Bus aux pieds de  Notre Dame.   Dans ce quartier qui compte parmi les plus animés pour sortir, le soir, il vous suffira  de tourner  la tête pour  vous  retrouver  dans un  lieu cult	Situé en plein cœur du fameux Quartier Latin, 5 min à pied de Notre Dame, du Panthéon et de la Sorbonne, ce confortable studio  est l’endroit idéal pour tout type de séjour (étude, travail, vacance).  Sa proximité aux principaux lieux historiques de Lutèce, l’ancien Paris romain, ainsi qu’aux jardins les plus pittoresques  de la ville (le Jardin de Luxembourg et le Jardin des Plantes)  et au « Boul’ Mich » (blv St Michel) disséminé de magasins de vêtements, livres et musique pour tout  shopping, invite à se déplacer par la ville principalement à pied. Il est par ailleurs parfaitement desservi par les bus et le métro (la station la plus proche, Maubert Mutualité est à 1min à pied) et  si vous avez plutôt envie de vous laisser tenter par une balade de la Seine en bateau, vous trouverez  une station du Bateau Bus aux pieds de  Notre Dame.   Dans ce quartier qui compte parmi les plus animés pour sortir, le soir, il vous suffira  de tourner  la tête pour  vous  retrouver  dans un  lieu cult
21148		Ideal location (Panthéon, Mouffetard, Notre-Dame), perfect for visiting Paris. Beautiful, 65m2 (700 sq ft), everything you need. Incredible sun light, elevator and very secure neighborhood. Lovely restaurants, stores and metro at a few steps. 
21149	A charming and quiet 1-bedroom, 31 M2, in the perfect location, close to Rue Mouffetard. The flat was totally refurbished 2 years ago by an interior architect.	Dear guests,  You will find your home sweet home with this one bedroom appartment, in one of most charming area of the Latin district: la rue Mouffetard. A charming and quiet 1-bedroom, 31 M2, in the perfect location, close to Rue Mouffetard. The flat was totally refurbished 2 years ago by an interior architect. Guests will have access to any parts of the flat. I won't be there, but the check in and check out will be done by a very smiling person who speaks english. whashing-machine freezer  Oven and microwave. NO Internet ( cable not wifi)
21150	There is a great and chic Terrace with Beautiful plants wich is very rare in Paris and a Simmons king size 2/1,80 meters bed and matress that you can find in luxury Hôtel with chic hippie linen bedding !                                        In Quartier Latin Paris	Lovely room with an amazing terrace, being close to Notre Dame, with fireplace, moldings, beautiful hardwood floors,wifi, all at the 1st floor of a quiet Haussmann building. Ideal for a honeymoon in Paris in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Charming street, and many goods restaurants.
21151		Ideally located in the very centre of Paris: Pantheon, Place Monge, Jardin des plantes, arènes de Lutèce. This lovely and spacious flat is a perfect place to stay in for Paris lovers and families.
21152	This is a spacious and lovely furnished 2 bedrooms apartment located in Saint-Germain with cozy furniture combined with modern art from the most different places of the world. It is situated on the 4th floor in the best area of Paris where you can discover the most beautiful side of this incredible city, right in your neighbourhood. It can comfortably accommodates 4 guests. The living room is very bright and designed to have two sofas along with a coffee table and a TV. The surface low windows in the living room give you the possibility to enjoy the wonderful view to the park and the church next to the building. This place is very cozy and welcoming. You will feel like at home and will enjoy your evenings here!  The kitchen is fully-equipped with all the utensils and amenities you would need for your holidays. It provides you an integrated bar where you can have drinks after an exciting day in Paris. There is also a dining room, where 4 guests can enjoy there meals and evenings here!  	This lovely furnished apartment surrounds you with cozy furniture combined with modern art from the most different places of the world. The two bedrooms are suited with double beds and separate bathrooms en suite. This is a spacious and lovely furnished 2 bedrooms apartment located in Saint-Germain with cozy furniture combined with modern art from the most different places of the world. It is situated on the 4th floor in the best area of Paris where you can discover the most beautiful side of this incredible city, right in your neighbourhood. It can comfortably accommodates 4 guests. The living room is very bright and designed to have two sofas along with a coffee table and a TV. The surface low windows in the living room give you the possibility to enjoy the wonderful view to the park and the church next to the building. This place is very cozy and welcoming. You will feel like at home and will enjoy your evenings here!  The kitchen is fully-equipped with all the utensils and amenitie
21153	"This 2 room apartment (45 m² /484 sq. f.) overlooks a courtyard garden It is located in the Latin Quarter on the top of the ""Holy Geneviève Mountain"" (a hill actually), in a small and quiet pedestrian street that you reach by a flowered flight of stone stairs Although bright (the street is on the level of the 4th floor of rue Monge buildings) it's located on the ground floor. We mention this for potential guests who only like high floors and don't want to be disappointed not having a view on Paris monuments  ;) ) Completely renovated by an interior designer in January 2014, it is tastefully furnished and arty decorated with contemporary figurative paintings, pieces of art, ancient trinkets ... and fully equipped (TV, Internet access, wifi, dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, oven, glass hot plates...  The apartment has a living room with a high quality (and quick system) sofa/hide-a-bed and a bedroom with a matrimonial bed (140cm large). The contemporary kitchen overlooks a smaller "	"We look forward to welcoming you in our cosy flat located in a quiet pedestrian street of the Latin Quarter, in the heart of Contrescarpe. It's perfect for a couple and can welcome an extra guest on the quick and comfy hide-a-bed! This 2 room apartment (45 m² /484 sq. f.) overlooks a courtyard garden It is located in the Latin Quarter on the top of the ""Holy Geneviève Mountain"" (a hill actually), in a small and quiet pedestrian street that you reach by a flowered flight of stone stairs Although bright (the street is on the level of the 4th floor of rue Monge buildings) it's located on the ground floor. We mention this for potential guests who only like high floors and don't want to be disappointed not having a view on Paris monuments  ;) ) Completely renovated by an interior designer in January 2014, it is tastefully furnished and arty decorated with contemporary figurative paintings, pieces of art, ancient trinkets ... and fully equipped (TV, Internet access, wifi, dishwasher, washing"
21154	Guest ROOM in Sorbonne , paris 5th  near sorbonne and on Boulevard saint germain . very central location . Sunny, in 1925 building and very artisticly decorated appart. hy ceiling .15 square meters with mezanine . For very calm use . Great for students . PHD . researchers ...exchange of university stay . summer stay.	SORBONNE Enjoy Sunny hy ceiling 15m2 room with a view. Phd,researchers ,trainees Studying french. Big appt /atelier, Parisian artistic atmosphere.Centrally located 5th . Easy acess to all major subways lines safe location . Calm use warm atmosphere Guest ROOM in Sorbonne , paris 5th  near sorbonne and on Boulevard saint germain . very central location . Sunny, in 1925 building and very artisticly decorated appart. hy ceiling .15 square meters with mezanine . For very calm use . Great for students . PHD . researchers ...exchange of university stay . summer stay. acess kitchen and bathroom , Dining room for lunch and dinner .  we are helpfull . but keep the guest very independant . very Near to Sorbonne and Notre dame . jardin des plantes . Mouffetard .Saint-Michel / saint germain des pres .Not too far from Opera Louvre by walking . grand boulevard . one of the best mythical location  in paris  . Three metro station and RER around at three minutes to five minutes walking . very easy to g
21155	You will enjoy a restful, comfortable stay in this Latin Quarter studio renovated March 2012. Located on a quiet street near great restaurants, cafes and 7 minutes away from one of the most famous, authentic daily farmers' markets on rue Mouffetard.   This comfortable short term rental studio has all new furnishings and a surface area of 28 m2 (300 sq ft). It's on the 4th floor with an elevator and has floor-to-ceiling windows making this apartment bright and welcoming.  There is one queen size bed and a fold-out futon.  This apartment ideally sleeps 2 adults and 1 child. This is a fantastic neighborhood, with less than a 10 minute walk to the Jardin des Plantes, rue Mouffetard, Gare d'Austerlitz, La Grande Mosquée de Paris and around the corner from the metro stop St. Marcel, making it easy to get anywhere in the city within minutes.   It is after all the famed Latin Quarter, so named because they actually spoke Latin when the University was founded in 1257. You will revel in the rich	You will enjoy a restful, comfortable stay in this Latin Quarter studio renovated March 2012. Located on a quiet street near great restaurants, cafes and 7 minutes away from one of the most famous, authentic daily farmers' markets on rue Mouffetard.   This comfortable short term rental studio has all new furnishings and a surface area of 28 m2 (300 sq ft). It's on the 4th floor with an elevator and has floor-to-ceiling windows making this apartment bright and welcoming.  There is one queen size bed and a fold-out futon.  This apartment ideally sleeps 2 adults and 1 child. This is a fantastic neighborhood, with less than a 10 minute walk to the Jardin des Plantes, rue Mouffetard, Gare d'Austerlitz, La Grande Mosquée de Paris and around the corner from the metro stop St. Marcel, making it easy to get anywhere in the city within minutes.   It is after all the famed Latin Quarter, so named because they actually spoke Latin when the University was founded in 1257. You will revel in the rich
21156	Ce deux pièces est idéalement situé rue Mouffetard (métro ligne 7) dans l’une des rues les plus anciennes  et les plus typiques de Paris.  Au coeur du célèbre “Quartier Latin”, la “Mouffe” est appréciée des étudiants et des touristes pour ses nombreux commerces et petits restaurants, ainsi que pour ses cafés aux caves voutées, aussi hétéroclites que différents! En partie piétonne, le bas de la rue est occupé par un marché quotidien de fruits et légumes. On y trouve aussi de jolies librairies, une bibliothèque, un cinéma de quartier et une belle église. Non loin de là se trouvent les Arènes de Lutèce, le Jardin des Plantes et le Jardin du Luxembourg,  la Grande Mosquée de Paris, le Panthéon, … L’appartement quant à lui  est situé au deuxième étage d’un bel immeuble ancien classé bâtiment historique. Il s’agit d’un deux pièces refait à neuf par architecte et joliment décoré.   Cet appartement a beaucoup de cachet, car il a encore ses tomettes d’origine au sol, ainsi que de belles poutres	Ce deux-pièces aux anciennes tomettes et aux poutres apparentes est le pied à terre idéal pour votre séjour à Paris. Douillet et joliment décoré, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes et est situé rue Mouffetard, au coeur du célèbre quartier latin. Ce deux pièces est idéalement situé rue Mouffetard (métro ligne 7) dans l’une des rues les plus anciennes  et les plus typiques de Paris.  Au coeur du célèbre “Quartier Latin”, la “Mouffe” est appréciée des étudiants et des touristes pour ses nombreux commerces et petits restaurants, ainsi que pour ses cafés aux caves voutées, aussi hétéroclites que différents! En partie piétonne, le bas de la rue est occupé par un marché quotidien de fruits et légumes. On y trouve aussi de jolies librairies, une bibliothèque, un cinéma de quartier et une belle église. Non loin de là se trouvent les Arènes de Lutèce, le Jardin des Plantes et le Jardin du Luxembourg,  la Grande Mosquée de Paris, le Panthéon, … L’appartement quant à lui  est situé au deuxième
21157	Bonjour !  At the heart of Paris, 3 minutes walking from Notre Dame, the appartment is located into a very safe, clean & quiet building. This comfortable apartment is at the 5th floor without elevator. It features with :  -TV -a internet connection,  -fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, oven) -washing maching  -bathroom with overhead shower   - it has a huge bed for you and convertible couch for 2 extra persons. Building equiped with 1 security code and a nice caretaker ! I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from :  -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden  -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais  -the City Hall  -Ile Saint Louis,  -the Seine river  -the Pantheon  -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks.  In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restau	Bonjour !  At the heart of Paris, 3 minutes walking from Notre Dame, the appartment is located into a very safe, clean & quiet building. This comfortable apartment is at the 5th floor without elevator. It features with :  -TV -a internet connection,  -fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, oven) -washing maching  -bathroom with overhead shower   - it has a huge bed for you and convertible couch for 2 extra persons. Building equiped with 1 security code and a nice caretaker ! I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from :  -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden  -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais  -the City Hall  -Ile Saint Louis,  -the Seine river  -the Pantheon  -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks.  In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restau
21158	"Bienvenue à la maison !!!!  Joli et accueillant appartement 2 pièces 35m2, ensoleillé et très calme, dans quartier paradisiaque : Proche de cathédrale Notre-Dame, Jussieu, quartier latin-Saint-Michel et Panthéon, Museum d'Histoire naturelle et Jardin des PLantes.  Je vous communiquerai avec joie les lieux que j'affectionne et serais ravie d'échanger avec vous. Je parle anglais, italien. Il y a un restaurant familial, délicieux, bio en bas de la maison !!! Wi-fi à disposition. Je travaille dans le cinéma, j'ai beaucoup voyagé, et rencontrer des gens de toutes origines m'inspire et me passionne.Bon séjour dans notre belle capitale !!!Au plaisir de vous connaître et de vous accueillir ! Vanna NB : 4è étage sans ascenseur.  Métro Cardinal Lemoine et Jussieu 5 min;  Métro Saint Michel et Saint-Paul 10 min  Très simple d'accès depuis les aéroports Orly et CDG et depuis les gares de Lyon, d'Austerlitz, de l'Est et Gare du Nord. Voir section ""transports"" ATTENTION :  A certaines dates, l'appar"	"Bienvenue à la maison !!!!  Joli et accueillant appartement 2 pièces 35m2, ensoleillé et très calme, dans quartier paradisiaque : Proche de cathédrale Notre-Dame, Jussieu, quartier latin-Saint-Michel et Panthéon, Museum d'Histoire naturelle et Jardin des PLantes.  Je vous communiquerai avec joie les lieux que j'affectionne et serais ravie d'échanger avec vous. Je parle anglais, italien. Il y a un restaurant familial, délicieux, bio en bas de la maison !!! Wi-fi à disposition. Je travaille dans le cinéma, j'ai beaucoup voyagé, et rencontrer des gens de toutes origines m'inspire et me passionne.Bon séjour dans notre belle capitale !!!Au plaisir de vous connaître et de vous accueillir ! Vanna NB : 4è étage sans ascenseur.  Métro Cardinal Lemoine et Jussieu 5 min;  Métro Saint Michel et Saint-Paul 10 min  Très simple d'accès depuis les aéroports Orly et CDG et depuis les gares de Lyon, d'Austerlitz, de l'Est et Gare du Nord. Voir section ""transports"" ATTENTION :  A certaines dates, l'appar"
21159	Latin Quarter, Place Monge, Arenes de Lutece,  studio 39M2/  (419 sq ft) 6th floor with elevator, in a very quiet and safe building with security code, interphone and concierge. The apartement is on the left bank, in the 5th Arrondissement, facing the historic Lutece Arena, only 1 minute away from the animated rue Monge, were you will find all the cafés, shops and stores you need, and only 5 Minutes away from charming rue Mouffetard. The nearest Metro is Place Monge (line 7) and Jussieu (line 7 et 10), different Bus Lines are only 3 Minutes away, and Velib’ Cycle stations can be found in the neighboring streets. The 5th arrondissement is in the very centre of Paris.  You will be in walking distance to the Seine River, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, the Rue Mouffetard, Sorbonne, Saint Germain …. The sunny, quiet and very confortable apartment (totally renovated in 2012) is fully furnished and equipped and suitable for 2 people. Description:	A renovated, spacious, sunny and quiet flat, situated in the very center of Paris Latin Quarter, Place Monge, Arenes de Lutece,  studio 39M2/  (419 sq ft) 6th floor with elevator, in a very quiet and safe building with security code, interphone and concierge. The apartement is on the left bank, in the 5th Arrondissement, facing the historic Lutece Arena, only 1 minute away from the animated rue Monge, were you will find all the cafés, shops and stores you need, and only 5 Minutes away from charming rue Mouffetard. The nearest Metro is Place Monge (line 7) and Jussieu (line 7 et 10), different Bus Lines are only 3 Minutes away, and Velib’ Cycle stations can be found in the neighboring streets. The 5th arrondissement is in the very centre of Paris.  You will be in walking distance to the Seine River, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, the Rue Mouffetard, Sorbonne, Saint Germain …. The sunny, quiet and very confortable apartment (totally renovate
21160	Welcome to the authentic Paris of postcards, in the heart of Quartier Latin, in central Paris (5th arrondissement) Entirely refreshed in February 2013, this charming studio typically Parisian, with its cosy yet stylish decoration is fully equipped and gives onto a quiet pedestrian street. 	Welcome to the authentic Paris of postcards, in the heart of Quartier Latin, in central Paris (5th arrondissement) Entirely refreshed in February 2013, this charming studio typically Parisian, with its cosy yet stylish decoration is fully equipped and gives onto a quiet pedestrian street. You will find all the comfort of everyday life there: satellite TV LCD, DVD player, WiFi, landline, espresso machine, microwave, fridge with compartment freezer, kettle, toaster, electric cooker, iron and ironing table, hairdryer. The linen will be supplied and installed when you arrive. Free phone for main countries. i live very close from the flat and can be available if necessary Conveniences in the near neighbourhood : the permanent Mouffetard market, food shops, bakeries, fishmongers, cheese makers, butchers, laundrette, dry-cleaner, wine merchants, pharmacies, banks, parking lot, but also everything for shopping and to go out: cinema, bars and restaurants. Numerous places of great interest are 5
21161	Chambre indépendante avec salle de toilette (douche) et WC , Télévision , wifi petit déjeuner inclus , au pied du métro Paris centre 	Chambre indépendante avec douche et toilettes (WC)dans un bel immeuble bourgeois , télévision, internet , au pied du métro et de toutes commodités quartier sécurisé et sympathique Chambre indépendante avec salle de toilette (douche) et WC , Télévision , wifi petit déjeuner inclus , au pied du métro Paris centre Cuisine , salon , salle à manger Bien entendu nous restons à l écoute de nos hôtes Quartier plaisant a deux pas des bord de Seine , Notre Dame, institut du monde Arabe , jardin des plantes pour les amateurs de footing , au pied du métro , toutes commodités à proximité :boulangerie, supermarché,Metro au pied de l immeuble .... Au pied de l immeuble ligne 5
21162		Idéalement situé dans le 5ème arrondissement. A proximité des commerces et restaurants, un studio entièrement équipé pour l'été.
21163	Appartement calme et lumineux au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, sans vis à vis et double traversant. Il dispose: -d'un double séjour avec canapé lit très confortable -une chambre parentale avec un lit queen size donnant sur cour -une chambre d'enfants avec 2 petits lits donnant aussi sur cour -une grande salle de bain avec baignoire -une cuisine toute équipée.	Appartement spacieux (75m2), calme et très lumineux, en plein 5eme arrondissement de Paris et à deux pas du Jardin des plantes et des quais de Seine. Idéal pour un couple avec enfants ou pour deux couples. Appartement calme et lumineux au dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, sans vis à vis et double traversant. Il dispose: -d'un double séjour avec canapé lit très confortable -une chambre parentale avec un lit queen size donnant sur cour -une chambre d'enfants avec 2 petits lits donnant aussi sur cour -une grande salle de bain avec baignoire -une cuisine toute équipée. Nous serons présents pour vous remettre les clés et vous donnerons des conseils pour visiter Paris. Quartier historique de Paris, le Jardin des plantes , la rue Mouffetard et les quais de Seine à 2 pas. A proximité: Métro ligne 5 (Saint Marcel) et ligne 7 (Gobelins) Bus 91, 67, 57 De nombreux supermarchés à côté
21164	Dans un immeuble ancien, 3 Pièces de 55 m2. Il se compose d'un salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, une salle à manger, une chambre avec lits superposés côté cour. Une cuisine équipée, avec un lave-linge. Parquet, moulures au plafond, deux cheminées. Wifi et Internet. Toutes commodités. Avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants en bas de l'immeuble. 	Typically Parisian apartment that has the charm of the old. On the Rue Mouffetard and its famous daily market, a great base for visiting Paris.
21165	33m2 studio is located in the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris. Located on the 5th floor of a modern building (elevator) is composed of a large main room, bright with a large corner sofa which converts into double bed. The bathroom consists of a bath and a large mirror and toilet. The kitchen is very modern composed ceramic hob, dishwasher, washing machine .. The neighborhood is very alive at the foot of the Rue Mouffetard and its typical restaurants, 5 minutes from the Pantheon, the Jardin des Plantes and Luxembourg. The area is very well connected (metro lines 6,5 and 7) and many buses. Located close to all amenities (supermarkets, bodegas, taxi etc ...) this studio is very quiet thanks to double glazed windows.	lovely and spacious studio in the heart of Paris, lively area 1 min away from the famous rue mouffetard with all the restaurants, bars and cafés. Located next to famous gardens and parks (uxembourg..)and museums (natural history, panthéon ..) 33m2 studio is located in the heart of the 5th arrondissement of Paris. Located on the 5th floor of a modern building (elevator) is composed of a large main room, bright with a large corner sofa which converts into double bed. The bathroom consists of a bath and a large mirror and toilet. The kitchen is very modern composed ceramic hob, dishwasher, washing machine .. The neighborhood is very alive at the foot of the Rue Mouffetard and its typical restaurants, 5 minutes from the Pantheon, the Jardin des Plantes and Luxembourg. The area is very well connected (metro lines 6,5 and 7) and many buses. Located close to all amenities (supermarkets, bodegas, taxi etc ...) this studio is very quiet thanks to double glazed windows.
21166	"Situated in a wonderful privat courtyard in the Quartier Latin, 5 minutes walk to Notre-Dame.Very central but silent, the place where James Joyce could finish his work on Ulysse.The flat is fitted with: WiFi, televison, washing machine, hairdryer, dryer, etc There are two rooms, well separated by a corridor. One room with double bed, the other with two standard single beds (which can be united) and an other smaller bed (system bed under bed, 180cmx80cm). Kitchen and bathroom completly fitted and equiped. Ideal for family or two couples. Nearby there are supermarkets, restaurants and shops. The whole city center can be reached by walking around. The apartment is extraordinary quiet like a little peace of heaven in the middle of the city noise. One of my guest called the place""cozy cottage in urban area""."	"Situated in a wonderful privat courtyard in the Quartier Latin, 5 minutes walk to Notre-Dame.Very central but silent, the place where James Joyce could finish his work on Ulysse.The flat is fitted with: WiFi, televison, washing machine, hairdryer, dryer, etc There are two rooms, well separated by a corridor. One room with double bed, the other with two standard single beds (which can be united) and an other smaller bed (system bed under bed, 180cmx80cm). Kitchen and bathroom completly fitted and equiped. Ideal for family or two couples. Nearby there are supermarkets, restaurants and shops. The whole city center can be reached by walking around. The apartment is extraordinary quiet like a little peace of heaven in the middle of the city noise. One of my guest called the place""cozy cottage in urban area""."
21167	Charmant appartement avec poutres, parquet et pierres apparentes, de 30m2, en parfait état (refait en 2012 par architecte). il comprend un large salon arrondi très lumineux (4 fenêtres)  avec vue sur les toits de Paris, une chambre séparée avec lit matrimonial  (140X190) et également vue sur les toits (large penderie), une cuisinette équipée, une salle de douche avec WC et lave linge.Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce a un canapé convertible et un fauteuil, un téléviseur écran plat de 32 pouces, un lecteur de DVD et un lecteur pour Ipod, Ipad, Android (aussi Bluetooth et Aux). L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 120cm permettant un couchage facile pour une personne ou deux enfants mais plus à l'étroit pour deux adultes. Le coin repas offre une table évolutive avec 4 chaises.Nous fournissons les draps, les serviettes, le savon à main.L'équipement comprend un sèche-cheveux, un toasteur, une bouilloire électrique, une machine à café, un presse-agrume, 	Charmant appartement avec poutres, parquet et pierres apparentes, de 30m2, en parfait état (refait en 2012 par architecte). il comprend un large salon arrondi très lumineux (4 fenêtres)  avec vue sur les toits de Paris, une chambre séparée avec lit matrimonial  (140X190) et également vue sur les toits (large penderie), une cuisinette équipée, une salle de douche avec WC et lave linge.Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce a un canapé convertible et un fauteuil, un téléviseur écran plat de 32 pouces, un lecteur de DVD et un lecteur pour Ipod, Ipad, Android (aussi Bluetooth et Aux). L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 120cm permettant un couchage facile pour une personne ou deux enfants mais plus à l'étroit pour deux adultes. Le coin repas offre une table évolutive avec 4 chaises.Nous fournissons les draps, les serviettes, le savon à main.L'équipement comprend un sèche-cheveux, un toasteur, une bouilloire électrique, une machine à café, un presse-agrume, 
21168	This superbly located, newly remodeled little nest in the sky on the left bank is located in the 5th (5ème) off of rue Monge and rue des Écoles in Paris.  18 m2, It is located in a 19th century Haussman style building.  Perfect for someone who wants a true Parisian experience of the quartier Latin, living as a Parisian and being away from the hustle and bustle after a day of sight seeing or shopping.  It boasts:  -One block from Le Seine, blvd Saint-Germain, Place du Panthéon, the Sorbonne and Luxembourg gardens;  -Three blocks from Notre Dame and the Marais (4ème) -Two lines and three major metro stops in less than one block walking distance  -Three blocks for Jardin des Plantes  -Two blocks from the ancient Arènes de Lutèce- Roman amphitheatre, and the Thermes de Cluny, a Roman thermae  -Rue Mouffetard is just up the street with its' open air markets, fromageries, boucheries, patissieries, restaurants at affordable Parisian prices and many other shops including produce stands at the 	Amazing little birds nest view in the sky overlooking Notre Dame, La Seine and located in the 5ème with several  metro stops, all major universities within walking distance.  GREAT for tourists coming to Paris or a student for short term 'a Paris.   This superbly located, newly remodeled little nest in the sky on the left bank is located in the 5th (5ème) off of rue Monge and rue des Écoles in Paris.  18 m2, It is located in a 19th century Haussman style building.  Perfect for someone who wants a true Parisian experience of the quartier Latin, living as a Parisian and being away from the hustle and bustle after a day of sight seeing or shopping.  It boasts:  -One block from Le Seine, blvd Saint-Germain, Place du Panthéon, the Sorbonne and Luxembourg gardens;  -Three blocks from Notre Dame and the Marais (4ème) -Two lines and three major metro stops in less than one block walking distance  -Three blocks for Jardin des Plantes  -Two blocks from the ancient Arènes de Lutèce- Roman amphith
21169	Notre appartement bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal, à deux pas de l'animation de la rue Mouffetard, mais dans une rue très calme et peu passante. Nous aimons par dessus tout son calme et sa luminosité. Il a cette qualité rare dans notre ville d'être baigné de soleil dès que le temps le permet. Poutres apparentes, crépi aux murs, c'est aussi un appartement très ancien et typique du charme du quartier.	2 pièces de 23 m2 typique du quartier latin, plein de charme, idéalement situé dans une rue très calme à 3 min à pieds de la rue Mouffetard et 7 min du Panthéon. Vue dégagée sur les arbres d'une cour d'école, traversant et très lumineux. Notre appartement bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal, à deux pas de l'animation de la rue Mouffetard, mais dans une rue très calme et peu passante. Nous aimons par dessus tout son calme et sa luminosité. Il a cette qualité rare dans notre ville d'être baigné de soleil dès que le temps le permet. Poutres apparentes, crépi aux murs, c'est aussi un appartement très ancien et typique du charme du quartier. Nous venons de déménager à quelques minutes de là et vous confions notre appartement durant cet été uniquement, en attendant de rendre ses clés. L'accès est donc totalement libre et tout ce qui se trouve encore dans l'appartement est là pour vous: le nécessaire pour la cuisine, pour la salle de bains, toute la place pour vider tranquillement vos valises. V
21170	C'est notre appartement à ma fille et à moi, situé au coeur du 5e arrondissement, près du Panthéon et du Jardin de Luxembourg. Construit en 1872, il est classé monument historique. Situé au 1er étage, il donne sur une cours tranquille et arborée, qui fait partie du jardin de l'Eglise de Val de Grâce, Eglise baroque à reputation internationale. La rue des Feuillantines dans laquelle l'appartement est situé est connue pour avoir accueilli Victor Hugo et le Couvent des Feuillantines.  C'est un appartement chaleureux, spatieux, lumineux de 70 m2, avec deux chambres à coucher, l'une avec mezanine à deux-trois places, idéale pour des enfants, avec plafond peint en ciel étoilé, et l'autre idéale pour un couple, avec un double lit, armoires, miroires, bureau et hifi. Un salon- salle à manger avec deux canapés, cheminée à marbre qui fonctionne, une cuisine inépendante, salle de bains et toilettes séparées. L'appartement dispose de toutes les commodités modernes, four, lave linge, sechoir, etc. 	C'est notre appartement à ma fille et à moi, situé au coeur du 5e arrondissement, près du Panthéon et du Jardin de Luxembourg. Construit en 1872, il est classé monument historique. Situé au 1er étage, il donne sur une cours tranquille et arborée, qui fait partie du jardin de l'Eglise de Val de Grâce, Eglise baroque à reputation internationale. La rue des Feuillantines dans laquelle l'appartement est situé est connue pour avoir accueilli Victor Hugo et le Couvent des Feuillantines. C'est un appartement chaleureux, spatieux, lumineux de 70 m2, avec deux chambres à coucher, l'une avec mezanine à deux-trois places, idéale pour des enfants, avec plafond peint en ciel étoilé, et l'autre idéale pour un couple, avec un double lit, armoires, miroires, bureau et hifi. Un salon- salle à manger avec deux canapés, cheminée à marbre qui fonctionne, une cuisine inépendante, salle de bains et toilettes séparées. L'appartement dispose de toutes les commodités modernes, four, lave linge, sechoir, etc. L
21171	This very quiet apartment, completely remodelled, has a triple exposure which brings a great natural light. The building's main entrance gate is protected by a security code, followed by another locked door to access from the courtyard to the flat. The flat's entrance gives access to the living room and the bedroom, parquet throughout. The living room has a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower and Paris rooftops. The living room is furnished with a coffee table, which becomes an expandable dining table, a bookshelf, an armchair and a brand new and comfortable sofa that you can use as a bed (a real double bed). 2 people can comfortably sleep in the living room. The open kitchen is quite small but fully functional, with a bar and 2 stools for your breakfast, refrigerator, electric hob, oven (not microwave), washing machine, coffee maker, kettle and toaster. The bathroom has a sink surmounted by a mirror cabinet, a large shower and a toilet. The very quiet bedroom is furnished with a double	This is a cosy one bedroom apartment located in the heart of the Quartier Latin, on the fifth floor (top) of an 18th century building. There is no lift as the building is classified. This very quiet apartment, completely remodelled, has a triple exposure which brings a great natural light. The building's main entrance gate is protected by a security code, followed by another locked door to access from the courtyard to the flat. The flat's entrance gives access to the living room and the bedroom, parquet throughout. The living room has a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower and Paris rooftops. The living room is furnished with a coffee table, which becomes an expandable dining table, a bookshelf, an armchair and a brand new and comfortable sofa that you can use as a bed (a real double bed). 2 people can comfortably sleep in the living room. The open kitchen is quite small but fully functional, with a bar and 2 stools for your breakfast, refrigerator, electric hob, oven (not microwave), wa
21172	Large and sunny family apartment, at 100 meters from the famous rue Mouffetard, in 5th arrondissement. Completely renovated in 2012 by an architect. The apartment has plenty of toys and is ideal for a family ;)   The apartment can accomodate 4 adults and 2 children. Located on the 3rd & 4th floor without elevator. The apartment is organised as the following :  On the first level :  1 bedroom for two adults with a queen size bed (160x200 cm) 1 bedroom with a bed 160x70 (reduced size for a children)  1 bedroom with a MEZZANINE bed 190x90cm 1 bathroom with a large bath and toilets On the second level :  1 large living-room with a sofa bed 135x190cm for two adults 1 spacious and full equiped kitchen. Free wifi internet.  	"Large and sunny family apartment, at 100 meters from the famous rue Mouffetard, in 5th arrondissement. Completely renovated in 2012 by an architect. The apartment has plenty of toys and is ideal for a family ;)   The apartment can accomodate 4 adults and 2 children. Located on the 3rd & 4th floor without elevator. The apartment is organised as the following :  On the first level :  1 bedroom for two adults with a queen size bed (160x200 cm) 1 bedroom with a bed 160x70 (reduced size for a children)  1 bedroom with a MEZZANINE bed 190x90cm 1 bathroom with a large bath and toilets On the second level :  1 large living-room with a sofa bed 135x190cm for two adults 1 spacious and full equiped kitchen. Free wifi internet.   If you have any question during your stay, you can join us on our mobile phone or via email.  The neighborhood is lively with the charm of the old Paris. The closest bakery is just below the apartment. The ""rue Mouffetard"", one of the most famoust place in Paris for food "
21173	Charmant appartement de 65 m2 situé dans une superbe cour arborée et fleurie, lumineux et immergé dans le vert et dans le silence. En plein coeur de Paris, à moins de deux minutes à pied de la célèbre rue Mouffetard, à proximité des primeurs, boulangeries, cafés, brasseries, restaurants, épiceries fines. Le Panthéon et le Jardin du Luxembourg sont à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Cette appartement se situe en plein cœur du Paris historique. Equipée d'un beau salon avec un canapé convertible pour deux personnes (couchage quotidien) , d'une chambre avec un grand lit très confortable et d'une chambre d'enfant, équipée de jouets, livres d'enfants,  table à linger. Vous aurez à votre disposition la connexion wifi, un imac, une tele 42 pouce avec les chaines du monde entier, ainsi qu'un robot aspirateur. La cuisine est équipée d'une lave-linge dernière génération, d'une lave-vaiselle, d'un four et d'une cuisine à gaz, d'un four micro-ondes, d'une machine à espresso. Dans la salle de bain vous t	Charmant appartement de 65 m2 situé dans une superbe cour arborée et fleurie, lumineux et immergé dans le vert et dans le silence. En plein coeur de Paris, à deux minutes à pied de la célèbre rue Mouffetard. Charmant appartement de 65 m2 situé dans une superbe cour arborée et fleurie, lumineux et immergé dans le vert et dans le silence. En plein coeur de Paris, à moins de deux minutes à pied de la célèbre rue Mouffetard, à proximité des primeurs, boulangeries, cafés, brasseries, restaurants, épiceries fines. Le Panthéon et le Jardin du Luxembourg sont à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Cette appartement se situe en plein cœur du Paris historique. Equipée d'un beau salon avec un canapé convertible pour deux personnes (couchage quotidien) , d'une chambre avec un grand lit très confortable et d'une chambre d'enfant, équipée de jouets, livres d'enfants,  table à linger. Vous aurez à votre disposition la connexion wifi, un imac, une tele 42 pouce avec les chaines du monde entier, ainsi qu'un rob
21174	Hello I’ m Elyse,  Let me introduce you to my home sweet home in the heart of Paris:  C’est un espace cosy and bright, between Sorbonne and l’île St Louis near river Seine on the left bank. It is very confortable, and cosy.  Located in a very safe building on the 5th floor with view on the sky and the roof of Paris. The apartment is sunny and quiet, looking at a small alley away from the bustling street.   This comfortable 60m2, apartment features with :  -you'll find a very comfortable double bed 160x200  -1rst  bathroom: with full bath and overhead shower +  wc.  -There is as well a very comfortable couch  -2nd bathroom:  with washbasin + wc. -The lovely kitchen will offer you a nice place to have breakfast and great cook. It’s fully equipped (robot, hotplates, oven, microwave, electric kettle, washing machine, etc..) You will provide a - wifi internet connection - Washing machine , hairdryer, iron…  I supply fresh linnen and towels.  A set of city maps and all sorts of other useful 	It s a cosy place, very light on the 5th floor of the building. It is in a quite aera. Between the quartier latin, jardin des plantes and St Louis island. 2 street from the Seine and Notre Dame. Nice restaurants and neighbourhood. Hello I’ m Elyse,  Let me introduce you to my home sweet home in the heart of Paris:  C’est un espace cosy and bright, between Sorbonne and l’île St Louis near river Seine on the left bank. It is very confortable, and cosy.  Located in a very safe building on the 5th floor with view on the sky and the roof of Paris. The apartment is sunny and quiet, looking at a small alley away from the bustling street.   This comfortable 60m2, apartment features with :  -you'll find a very comfortable double bed 160x200  -1rst  bathroom: with full bath and overhead shower +  wc.  -There is as well a very comfortable couch  -2nd bathroom:  with washbasin + wc. -The lovely kitchen will offer you a nice place to have breakfast and great cook. It’s fully equipped (robot, hotpla
21175		Ce beau studio peut accueillir confortablement deux personnes entouré de grande ecoles et monuments historiques l'institut du monde arabe, marie curé , la sorbone, Paris tech,musee nationale, notre dame de Saint michel,  Théâtre. . Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, de sa douche italienne et de sa proximité avec les principales ligne de métro 
21176	Au cœur du quartier Latin et au pied du square saint médart/rue mouffetard, notre appartement douillet et cosy idéal pour un couple, peut héberger jusqu'à 3 personnes, 47m2.  Au 5éme étage, sans ascenseur, typique parisien, parquet, moulures, cheminée, très lumineux saura vous ravir. Cuisine dinatoire équipée, sdb avec baignoire et wc séparés baignés de lumière. Un salon et une chambre (sans vis à vis) tout confort, avec calme et volupté...  Proche de toutes commodités et très facile d’accès (métro ligne 7- ligne 5, multiples lignes de bus, bornes Vélib etc.. ) 	Nous vous accueillerons au début et à la fin du séjour. 
21177	Located about 100m from the stairs where Owen Wilson experienced time-travelling in Woody Allen's masterpiece: Midnight in Paris. It is a lovely flat, located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris within the famous Quartier Latin. This cosy and warm flat is at the 5th floor  of its building offering a nice view of the rooftops of Paris (with elevator, no worries). Fresh bed linens and towels are furnished. As located downtown Paris, it is really easy to move around from the apartment: 2min walk to bus stop, 3min to cab station and subway station at Place Monge, 5min to Cardinal Lemoine metro station and finally 15min walk to RER B. You may  start sightseeing walking with the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg being at 5min distance. Or you could decide to go for a walk along the famous Quai de Seine and appreciate the beauty of the Notre Dame Cathedral just 10min from the apartment. The Eiffel Tower may be reached in just 25min with the subway. Or if you are more interested in History,	Located about 100m from the stairs where Owen Wilson experienced time-travelling in Woody Allen's masterpiece: Midnight in Paris. It is a lovely flat, located in the 5th arrondissement of Paris within the famous Quartier Latin. This cosy and warm flat is at the 5th floor  of its building offering a nice view of the rooftops of Paris (with elevator, no worries). Fresh bed linens and towels are furnished. As located downtown Paris, it is really easy to move around from the apartment: 2min walk to bus stop, 3min to cab station and subway station at Place Monge, 5min to Cardinal Lemoine metro station and finally 15min walk to RER B. You may  start sightseeing walking with the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg being at 5min distance. Or you could decide to go for a walk along the famous Quai de Seine and appreciate the beauty of the Notre Dame Cathedral just 10min from the apartment. The Eiffel Tower may be reached in just 25min with the subway. Or if you are more interested in History,
21178	Big and very calm Two-room flat (70 m²) in the 5th district. In the heart of Paris and the Latin Quarter, not far from Pantheon, Notre Dame and the Sorbonne, in an ancient building on a walking street, yard with beautiful garden; 1st floor (European), inter-phone, living room with dining table and double sofa bed, alcove with double bed, bedroom with double bed, kitchen totally equipped, bathroom with bath, cable TV, Internet ADSL WiFi, telephone with unlimited access to over 100 countries by fixed lines and US & Canada mobiles.	Big and very calm Two-room flat (70 m²) in the 5th district. In the heart of Paris and the Latin Quarter, not far from Pantheon, Notre Dame and the Sorbonne, in an ancient building on a walking street, yard with beautiful garden; 1st floor (European), inter-phone, living room with dining table and double sofa bed, alcove with double bed, bedroom with double bed, kitchen totally equipped, bathroom with bath, cable TV, Internet ADSL WiFi, telephone with unlimited access to over 100 countries by fixed lines and US & Canada mobiles.
21179	This   charming  bright  2 room  flat is situated on the 3rd floor  of  a small 18th century  building. It’s a 30 sqm  with only one bedroom and a living room with a furnished kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed and a large closet. The sitting room, with a well equipped kitchen area (stove,oven,dishwasher, big fridge, microwawe) has a sofa bed,  dining table and other furnishings. In the spacious shower-room there is a washing machine and a separate toilet. The flat  is  located in the Latin Quarter, one of the most beautiful  historic areas of the city. It’s very close to the Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens and the Sorbonne. It has a double advantage :even though it is located in a very quiet street (almost rural silence…) it’s a very short stroll  to a  lively area – Rue Mouffetard., where there are many restaurants, excellent bakeries,  pubs, and it’s famous market, where people sing and dance on Sundays from 11 am. Transport is easy: Metro lines 7 and 10 and several bus lines all st	This   charming  bright  2 room  flat is located in the Latin Quarter, one of the most beautiful  historic areas of the city. Inside a  a small 18th century  building, it’s very close to the Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens; in Paris splendor!  This   charming  bright  2 room  flat is situated on the 3rd floor  of  a small 18th century  building. It’s a 30 sqm  with only one bedroom and a living room with a furnished kitchen. The bedroom has a double bed and a large closet. The sitting room, with a well equipped kitchen area (stove,oven,dishwasher, big fridge, microwawe) has a sofa bed,  dining table and other furnishings. In the spacious shower-room there is a washing machine and a separate toilet. The flat  is  located in the Latin Quarter, one of the most beautiful  historic areas of the city. It’s very close to the Pantheon, Luxembourg Gardens and the Sorbonne. It has a double advantage :even though it is located in a very quiet street (almost rural silence…) it’s a very short stroll  
21180	mon logement est installé de façon très rationnelle, de ce fait, on a une impression d'espace, de liberté. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes (un seul lit, 160 de large très confortable -matelas épais-), même si c'est théoriquement  un canapé-lit, je ne le replie que si j'ai besoin de beaucoup de place dans la chambre.	"50 m², sympa, pratique, bien équipé, bien distribué agréablement décoré. Entrée, salon, chambre, cuisine, salle de douche, w.c séparés;  Quartier Latin, en plein Paris historique (50m de Notre Dame).  nombreux commerces,restaurants et bistrots. mon logement est installé de façon très rationnelle, de ce fait, on a une impression d'espace, de liberté. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes (un seul lit, 160 de large très confortable -matelas épais-), même si c'est théoriquement  un canapé-lit, je ne le replie que si j'ai besoin de beaucoup de place dans la chambre. tout le logement, tous les équipements sont à la disposition des voyageurs. Je laisse dans une enveloppe un ""mode d'emploi"" de l'appartement avec les notices des équipements, et les précisions utiles pour qu'il n'y ait pas de difficultés à y vivre bien. je ne pense pas être personnellement présente pendant le séjour des voyageurs (c'est mon appartement que je loue!), mais la personne qui les accueille connaît très bien l'appartement e"
21181	I sublet my well-appointed calm and cosy flat with a separate double bedroom in the center of Paris. Within walking distance of most attractions of the city (5mins to Notre Dame, in the heart of animated and chic Saint Germain area with nice shops, restaurants, food stores for which I'll give you my best advice). FLEXIBLE check in / check out times : enjoy the flat for longer, don't worry about your luggage and have a confortable stay !  	Within walking distance of all sightseeing in an animated area, my 1 bedroom refurbished apartment is perfect to discover paris. IMPORTANT:I cancelled a booking 1day before arrival because people booked at 11pm the day before arrival (too late)    I sublet my well-appointed calm and cosy flat with a separate double bedroom in the center of Paris. Within walking distance of most attractions of the city (5mins to Notre Dame, in the heart of animated and chic Saint Germain area with nice shops, restaurants, food stores for which I'll give you my best advice). FLEXIBLE check in / check out times : enjoy the flat for longer, don't worry about your luggage and have a confortable stay !  The apartment will be set as if it was yours with everything you need to enjoy a nice stay in a cosy home (comfortable sofa & bed, dinner table, fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom with washing machine and hair dryer, tv with international channels & high speed wifi, quality bed linens & towels...).  The f
21182		C'est une chambre de 25 mètres carré, bien ensoleillée, avec deux grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur une cour paisible, avec à l'horizon des toits parisiens, le minaret de la Grande Mosquée de Paris. C'est un lieu où écrire un livre.
21183		           QUARTIER LATIN Studio 'Le Vieux Paris' à deux pas du Panthéon et de Notre Dame., pour 3 personnes dans un immeuble classé 16ème siècle.  Proche du Jardin du Luxembourg, de la rue Mouffetard. Calme et coquet.           Quartier Latin
21184	"Duplex, 70 m2, located in the Quartier Latin district, close to Notre-Dame-de-Paris (5 min walk), Saint-Germain-des-Prés, to Rue Mouffetard ( 5 min walk) ... Ideal for a romantic trip or to discover Paris by night, and the fashion Paris... Two rooms Apartment in a charming and cosy duplex, just been entirely renovated. On the 6rd floor – last one (with elevator) in an ancient and quiet building. Perfect for a couple/ family who wants to live in the heart of the capital during their trip. It will also seduce those who want to discover the parisian nightlife : closed Caveau de la Huchette or Rue des Lombards Jazz clubs Lots of district are reachable walking : ""Ile de la Cité”, ""Ile Saint-Louis"", Jardin du Luxembourg, Pont des Arts, Louvre, les Halles, Hotel de ville, by walking throught the bank of the Seine.  The duplex appartment is composed by: •1 srt floor : - A kitchen & dining room fully furnished and equipped with two hobs, an oven, a fridge and all the necessary kitchenware and d"	"Duplex, 70 m2, located in the Quartier Latin district, close to Notre-Dame-de-Paris (5 min walk), Saint-Germain-des-Prés, to Rue Mouffetard ( 5 min walk) ... Ideal for a romantic trip or to discover Paris by night, and the fashion Paris... Two rooms Apartment in a charming and cosy duplex, just been entirely renovated. On the 6rd floor – last one (with elevator) in an ancient and quiet building. Perfect for a couple/ family who wants to live in the heart of the capital during their trip. It will also seduce those who want to discover the parisian nightlife : closed Caveau de la Huchette or Rue des Lombards Jazz clubs Lots of district are reachable walking : ""Ile de la Cité”, ""Ile Saint-Louis"", Jardin du Luxembourg, Pont des Arts, Louvre, les Halles, Hotel de ville, by walking throught the bank of the Seine.  The duplex appartment is composed by: •1 srt floor : - A kitchen & dining room fully furnished and equipped with two hobs, an oven, a fridge and all the necessary kitchenware and d"
21185	 Logement propre et calme, fonctionnel, de beau cachet.	Studio de 28 m2 , situé au 1er étage dans une petite rue tranquille. Vue sur jardin. Une salle avec canapé-lit neuf, table, fauteuils, nombreux rangements, télévision, petite cuisine équipée et petite salle de bain avec baignoire. Tomettes au sol. Logement propre et calme, fonctionnel, de beau cachet. Tout le studio est pour vous Vous pouvez nous téléphoner pour tout renseignement. Situé au cœur du Vème, juste à côté du Panthéon, du boulevard Saint Michel et de l'île de la Cité. Le Quartier Latin et ses petites rues piétonnes disposent d’un vivier inépuisable de sympathiques balades à découvrir : la place de la Contrescarpe, célèbre place située rue Mouffetard, le jardin du Luxembourg, la Sorbonne,... Enfin, ce quartier est aussi connu pour ses soirées jazz et ses cabarets. Bus 89 ou 84 et RER B vers Luxembourg
21186	Elegant large one bedroom apartment, a five minute walk to Notre-Dame and near La Sorbonne.  Remodeled Classic 19th Century Haussmann style apartment with hardwood parquet floor, marble decorative chimney paired with beautiful French crown and ceiling moldings. Street level on a quiet street, double pane windows with blinds.  Big 400 square foot living room, in which there is a separated(designated) bedroom corner with a queen size bed and a salon space with a two person sofa (website hidden), stereo, free wifi, marble decorative fire place.  A large children’s bedroom where a single person can sleep. A fully equipped dine-in kitchen with stove, dishwasher, fridge, microwave oven.  Bathroom has a large bath and a washing machine. Separate toilet.	Charming and elegant large one bedroom apartment, a five minute walk to Notre-Dame and near La Sorbonne .  Remodeled Classic 19th Century Haussmann style apartment with full modern equipment. Elegant large one bedroom apartment, a five minute walk to Notre-Dame and near La Sorbonne.  Remodeled Classic 19th Century Haussmann style apartment with hardwood parquet floor, marble decorative chimney paired with beautiful French crown and ceiling moldings. Street level on a quiet street, double pane windows with blinds.  Big 400 square foot living room, in which there is a separated(designated) bedroom corner with a queen size bed and a salon space with a two person sofa (website hidden), stereo, free wifi, marble decorative fire place.  A large children’s bedroom where a single person can sleep. A fully equipped dine-in kitchen with stove, dishwasher, fridge, microwave oven.  Bathroom has a large bath and a washing machine. Separate toilet. Apartment is located in one of the oldest neighborh
21187	This is a 32 square meters (approx: 353 square feet) studio, located on rue des Grands Degres in the 5th district of Paris, only a few step from Notre-Dame.  It consists a living/dining room, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons. It is served by the metro station Maubert-Mutualité. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Elevator - Intercom - Electric heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - towels / linen - Refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - Washing Machine - Iron - Ironing board - vacuum Living/dining room Surface of about 27 sqm - 291 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Northeast and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 3 chairs, an armchairs and a table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink,	This is a 32 square meters (approx: 353 square feet) studio, located on rue des Grands Degres in the 5th district of Paris, only a few step from Notre-Dame.  It consists a living/dining room, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is neat and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome up to 2 persons. It is served by the metro station Maubert-Mutualité. Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Elevator - Intercom - Electric heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - towels / linen - Refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - Washing Machine - Iron - Ironing board - vacuum Living/dining room Surface of about 27 sqm - 291 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Northeast and is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 3 chairs, an armchairs and a table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink,
21188	Idéalement situé pour découvrir un quartier typique de Paris. A deux pas de la rue mouffetard et du jardin des plantes, vous pourrez également vous rendre à pied à Notre Dame, au Panthéon, sur les quais de Seine, au Luxembourg.  Appartement très charmant de 36m2 au 5ème étage avec ascenseur doté d'un balcon longeant tout le salon avec deux portes fenêtres y donnant accès. Une petite chambre séparée avec un lit de 160x200 fermé par un rideau. Un grand salon très lumineux avec un canapé, une cuisine séparée par un couloir (machine à laver, micro-onde, four, frigo, congélateur) et une salle de bain avec une douche, WC. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entrée. La capacité d'accueil est de deux personnes. Le linge de maison est fourni. Pas de télévision. Internet haut débit en wifi ainsi qu'un ordinateur fixe. 	Appartement très charmant de 36m2 avec balcon idéalement situé pour découvrir un quartier typique de Paris à deux pas de la rue mouffetard et du jardin des plantes. Idéalement situé pour découvrir un quartier typique de Paris. A deux pas de la rue mouffetard et du jardin des plantes, vous pourrez également vous rendre à pied à Notre Dame, au Panthéon, sur les quais de Seine, au Luxembourg.  Appartement très charmant de 36m2 au 5ème étage avec ascenseur doté d'un balcon longeant tout le salon avec deux portes fenêtres y donnant accès. Une petite chambre séparée avec un lit de 160x200 fermé par un rideau. Un grand salon très lumineux avec un canapé, une cuisine séparée par un couloir (machine à laver, micro-onde, four, frigo, congélateur) et une salle de bain avec une douche, WC. L'immeuble est sécurisé avec un code d'entrée. La capacité d'accueil est de deux personnes. Le linge de maison est fourni. Pas de télévision. Internet haut débit en wifi ainsi qu'un ordinateur fixe. J'aime échan
21189	"Great Parisian home in Saint-germain/ Notre Dame ! In the heart of Quartier Latin, the most historic and authentic area of Paris.  Fully equipped apartment Haussmann style, offering a unique view of the Roman ruins of Cluny and the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Balcony not overlooked. Sunny and very quiet. Large living room with hardwood floors and moldings. Very bright. Large double living room with beautiful italian table, and sofa bed for two people, 145 cms LED TV with internet connexion and DVD/blue-ray.  New fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave etc..).  Bathroom with bathtub and washer/dryer. Separate toilet.  Dressing area and master suite on private courtyard. Very quiet. ""King size"" bed (180 by 200 cm) with pillow-top mattresses, very comfortable, flat screen TV and DVD player.  Two fans are made available for our guests.  "	"Typical Parisian apartment in Saint-Germain/ Notre Dame. In the heart of Quartier Latin, the most historic and authentic area of Paris, offering a unique view of the Roman ruins of Cluny and the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Great Parisian home in Saint-germain/ Notre Dame ! In the heart of Quartier Latin, the most historic and authentic area of Paris.  Fully equipped apartment Haussmann style, offering a unique view of the Roman ruins of Cluny and the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Balcony not overlooked. Sunny and very quiet. Large living room with hardwood floors and moldings. Very bright. Large double living room with beautiful italian table, and sofa bed for two people, 145 cms LED TV with internet connexion and DVD/blue-ray.  New fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave etc..).  Bathroom with bathtub and washer/dryer. Separate toilet.  Dressing area and master suite on private courtyard. Very quiet. ""King size"" bed (180 by 200 cm) with pillow-top mattresses, very comforta"
21190	maison unique proche Panthéon, jardin du luxembourg, jardin des plantes, en toute quiétude au centre du vieux Paris.	Maison entrée individuelle XVII siècle au coeur du quartier latin adossée sur la muraille de Philippe Auguste charme et histoire poutres verrière 3 chambres 2 sdb grand db living cuisine américaine rénovation contemporaine tout confort et équipée. maison unique proche Panthéon, jardin du luxembourg, jardin des plantes, en toute quiétude au centre du vieux Paris. codes sécurisés, accueil personnalisé, ménage à disposition. juste derrière la place du Panthéon, à quelques pas de la place de la contrescarpe et de ses cafés, en face du lycée Henri IV, au coeur du 5ème arrondissement, tous commerces à proximité, location parking envisageable. Metro Cardinal Lemoine ou Monge, RER Luxembourg, accès facile aéroports.
21191	"Named as Chocolat Studio as it is an extremely well located sweet little place in downtown Paris. 5 meters from Metro Place Monge in Latin district.  You can live 'like a local"" and explore the Latin district. Location: At 5th district of Paris (75005) Rive Gauche (known to be chic  & safe). It is located 5meters from closest subway/metro - Line 7 Place Monge and further surrounded by 2 other metro stations which means you will never be too far from anywhere.  Easy access by public transport.  Forget about the traffic jam! Furnitures, Equipments & Comfort Expectation: This is a bright & comfortable studio.  Very spacious for two and comfortable for four.  Equipped with two REAL BEDs (190x140 with brand new mattress), a convertible sofa bed. So capacity max out with 4 adults + 1 kid , Wifi, Heating, WC, shower....   Basic hygiene essentials like soap, shampoo, shower gel and cotton buds & pad can always be found behind the mirror in bathroom.  Shower Cabine with hair dryer, clean towels"	"Named as Chocolat Studio as it is an extremely well located sweet little place in downtown Paris. 5 meters from Metro Place Monge in Latin district.  You can live 'like a local"" and explore the Latin district. Location: At 5th district of Paris (75005) Rive Gauche (known to be chic  & safe). It is located 5meters from closest subway/metro - Line 7 Place Monge and further surrounded by 2 other metro stations which means you will never be too far from anywhere.  Easy access by public transport.  Forget about the traffic jam! Furnitures, Equipments & Comfort Expectation: This is a bright & comfortable studio.  Very spacious for two and comfortable for four.  Equipped with two REAL BEDs (190x140 with brand new mattress), a convertible sofa bed. So capacity max out with 4 adults + 1 kid , Wifi, Heating, WC, shower....   Basic hygiene essentials like soap, shampoo, shower gel and cotton buds & pad can always be found behind the mirror in bathroom.  Shower Cabine with hair dryer, clean towels"
21192	L’appartement Cardinal, niché dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, en Pierre de Paris, vous recevra dans un confort total. Il est tout équipé, de sa petite salle de bain toute en mosaïque, au très grand salon avec vue dégagée rare, en passant par sa cuisine complète et son coin nuit.  Surtout, vous bénéficierez d’une situation d’exception, à moins de 100m de la Seine, et du pont de la Tournelle qui offre une vue rare sur Notre Dame. L’appartement est décoré dans un style chaleureux, entre le bois des sols et les moulures au plafond, ainsi que des meubles de haute qualité, dénichés chez de grands antiquaires. Il a le rare avantage de bénéficier d’une vue rare, complètement dégagée sur le Panthéon, situé à moins de 500 mètres. La petite salle de bain est équipée d’une douche à l’italienne, ponctuée de mosaïque Bisazza, et s’ouvre directement sur le coin nuit, très chaleureux, avec sa peinture lie de vin, son lit queen. Vous arriverez ensuite sur la cuisine, toute équipée : four, micro-	Très bel appartement chaleureux situé en plein coeur de Paris, entre le Panthéon et Notre Dame, à moins de 100m de la Seine! Tout équipé, l'appartement Cardinal vous recevra dans les meilleures conditions de confort! L’appartement Cardinal, niché dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, en Pierre de Paris, vous recevra dans un confort total. Il est tout équipé, de sa petite salle de bain toute en mosaïque, au très grand salon avec vue dégagée rare, en passant par sa cuisine complète et son coin nuit.  Surtout, vous bénéficierez d’une situation d’exception, à moins de 100m de la Seine, et du pont de la Tournelle qui offre une vue rare sur Notre Dame. L’appartement est décoré dans un style chaleureux, entre le bois des sols et les moulures au plafond, ainsi que des meubles de haute qualité, dénichés chez de grands antiquaires. Il a le rare avantage de bénéficier d’une vue rare, complètement dégagée sur le Panthéon, situé à moins de 500 mètres. La petite salle de bain est équipée d’une douc
21193	Appartement situe a Moins de 15 minutes a pied de notre dame de Paris, Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des plantes, pantheon ...	Idéalement situé, appartement en rdc plein de charme avec poutres et murs en pierre, prestation de qualité, terrasse privée de 10m2. Séjour avec canapé lit (couchage 140x200), 1 chambre avec un lit (couchage 120x200), 1 mezzanine (couchage 160x200). Appartement situe a Moins de 15 minutes a pied de notre dame de Paris, Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des plantes, pantheon ... 20 mètres du métro Jussieu ligne 7 100 mètres du métro Cardinal Lemoine ligne 10 10 min a pied RER B
21194	The apartment is located in a charming street at the ground floor of a typical Parisian building, very close to Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. The metro stations,  Jussieu and Cardinal Lemoine are also just a few steps away. The apartment (20m2) has a lot of natural light and have just been recently renovated, it is fully equipped, has functional and modern furnitures and appliances (coffee maker, TV, Hi-fi, wifi,etc).  It has a separate bedroom with a comfortable double bed for 2, a sofa bed for 2 children or 1 adult. There is an open kitchen on the living room and a modern bathroom.  Do not hesitate to contact me for more information.  See you soon ;)	The apartment is located at a charming street in a typical Parisian building, very close to Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. The metro stations,  Jussieu and Cardinal Lemoine are also just a few steps away. The apartment is located in a charming street at the ground floor of a typical Parisian building, very close to Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter. The metro stations,  Jussieu and Cardinal Lemoine are also just a few steps away. The apartment (20m2) has a lot of natural light and have just been recently renovated, it is fully equipped, has functional and modern furnitures and appliances (coffee maker, TV, Hi-fi, wifi,etc).  It has a separate bedroom with a comfortable double bed for 2, a sofa bed for 2 children or 1 adult. There is an open kitchen on the living room and a modern bathroom.  Do not hesitate to contact me for more information.  See you soon ;) Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions regarding the apartment. I work with the services of a company who will
21195	"ENGLISH : This 34m2 loft-like studio is outstanding : silent and calm with a 66sqm private garden, heart of Paris ! Special price if one month (August) stay -50 %! You will be 75m away from the Jardin des Plantes (subway stations Jussieu and Place Monge), in the Quartier Latin. Rue Mouffetard is next door. Recently eco-renovated (only natural materials and paintings), it offers quality equipments and modern & design elegance. The main-room is made of a comfortable sitting area, a dining-area and a well equipped integrated kitchen. The double bed is located on a large ""mezzanine""  (high 130cm), but if you prefer you can open the big sofa and its confortable matress. A big dressing room is available. Italian shower, bath (length 134cm) and toilets are separated. Very calm, the whole living-room gives onto a very nice 66sqm private garden. This apartment best suits a couple to stay for one week or more in Paris (minimum renting duration : one week). The apartment is equipped with DSL givi"	"Unique 34m2 loft-like studio : charming, quiet+ 66sqm private garden,heart of Paris !  Q. Latin,Jardin des Plantes,Sorbonne and Museums are next door. Enjoy italian shower,design decoration and terrace breakfast (min. stay 1  week. One month -40%! ) ENGLISH : This 34m2 loft-like studio is outstanding : silent and calm with a 66sqm private garden, heart of Paris ! Special price if one month (August) stay -50 %! You will be 75m away from the Jardin des Plantes (subway stations Jussieu and Place Monge), in the Quartier Latin. Rue Mouffetard is next door. Recently eco-renovated (only natural materials and paintings), it offers quality equipments and modern & design elegance. The main-room is made of a comfortable sitting area, a dining-area and a well equipped integrated kitchen. The double bed is located on a large ""mezzanine""  (high 130cm), but if you prefer you can open the big sofa and its confortable matress. A big dressing room is available. Italian shower, bath (length 134cm) and to"
21196	The split-level apartment features ultra modern style combined with antique touches. The main salon offers Ligne Roset sofa and chairs, built-in bookshelves, and dinette, and also overlooks the garden. A curved staircase and interior windows add to the spaciousness of the room. The fully equipped kitchen also overlooks the garden. With a clean and contemporary charm, this kitchen offers modern appliances and bar-style seating. On the upper level, the bedroom overlooks a small street and the Couvent des Spiritains, which has a lovely chapel. The antique Louis XV secretary sets off the contemporary look of this comfortable bedroom. The room features a whole wall of closet space, a large flat screen television, and a queen size bed. On the same level, you’ll find the sleek and modern bathroom with shower, washbasin, and WC.	This one bedroom unit is located on the third floor of a carefully preserved building that was a convent in the 18th century and has the well-groomed and secluded courtyard to show for it. The original building dates back to the 17th century. The split-level apartment features ultra modern style combined with antique touches. The main salon offers Ligne Roset sofa and chairs, built-in bookshelves, and dinette, and also overlooks the garden. A curved staircase and interior windows add to the spaciousness of the room. The fully equipped kitchen also overlooks the garden. With a clean and contemporary charm, this kitchen offers modern appliances and bar-style seating. On the upper level, the bedroom overlooks a small street and the Couvent des Spiritains, which has a lovely chapel. The antique Louis XV secretary sets off the contemporary look of this comfortable bedroom. The room features a whole wall of closet space, a large flat screen television, and a queen size bed. On the same level
21197	This 59 sqm apartment proposes a living/dining room, two bedrooms, an opened equipped kitchen and one bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television with international TV channels Living/dining room With a surface of 20 sqm and has one window facing West. Equipped with: desk, one double sofa bed 140 cm wide, four chairs, fireplace, one armchair, wooden floor, table and a  coffee table. The bathroom Bath, tiled floor, one sink and a hairdryer. The bedroom With a surface of 12 sqm and has one window. Equipped with: bookcase, one doub	This 59 sqm apartment proposes a living/dining room, two bedrooms, an opened equipped kitchen and one bathroom. The services are of quality, the decoration is looked after and it offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people. The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, double sofa bed 140 cm wide, stereo, gas heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, Microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, dishwasher, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, coffee, no smoking, wooden floor, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, dryer, towels, television with international TV channels Living/dining room With a surface of 20 sqm and has one window facing West. Equipped with: desk, one double sofa bed 140 cm wide, four chairs, fireplace, one armchair, wooden floor, table and a  coffee table. The bathroom Bath, tiled floor, one sink and a hairdryer. The bedroom With a surface of 12 sqm and has one window. Equipped with: bookcase, one doub
21198	The flat, which has 2 rooms, is located on 2nd floor of an Haussmann style building, with entry code. Recently renovated, you will find a lot of space for 2 : - 1 room with a double bed, and a large cupboard - 1 living room with sofa, beautiful long desk and high chairs for dining - 1 fully equipped kitchen with fridge, electric plates, oven/microwave, grill, washing machine - toilets and bathroom separated, with shower and towel heater Apartment has also : - ceiling moldings and wooden floor - double layer window - fiber optics internet connection and Wi-Fi - TV 200 channels 	Haussmann's style flat, perfect for 2 persons. Located in Latin Quarter, right next to metro station,  and close to rue Mouffetard. 430 sq ft, 2 rooms, ceiling moldings and wooden floor. The flat, which has 2 rooms, is located on 2nd floor of an Haussmann style building, with entry code. Recently renovated, you will find a lot of space for 2 : - 1 room with a double bed, and a large cupboard - 1 living room with sofa, beautiful long desk and high chairs for dining - 1 fully equipped kitchen with fridge, electric plates, oven/microwave, grill, washing machine - toilets and bathroom separated, with shower and towel heater Apartment has also : - ceiling moldings and wooden floor - double layer window - fiber optics internet connection and Wi-Fi - TV 200 channels  Located in 5th district of Paris, also called Latin Quarter, you will find : - Censier Daubenton metro station (line 7) right next to the flat - rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes and Arènes de Lutèce within 2 min walking - Panth
21199	This studio is nested in a 12th century historical building in Paris. You will be at the center of history!	Sunny studio with three tall windows looking out on a lively pedestrian street in Latin Quarter next to Notre Dame in a historical building. Furnished with a double-bed, cafe-style table and chairs, kitchenette, coffee-maker, bathroom w. shower.  This studio is nested in a 12th century historical building in Paris. You will be at the center of history! The keys are deposited in a lock box and we send you the codes. This allow our guests to check in / out late should their flight be delayed. We communicate via email, txt and cell phone. We are well organized and reply promptly to all inquiries. Once you rent you will have our cell phones handy should anything arise during your stay in PARIS Fantastic neighborhood steps from all the sightseeing, next to river Seine and Cathedral Notre Dame! The Latin Quarter is situated on the left bank of river Seine in the 5th district, around famous Sorbonne University. Known for its student life, lively atmosphere and bistros, the Latin Quarter is th
21200	Great 1 bedroom flat located in the heart of the 5th arrondissement, within walking distance of the Seine Banks or Notre-Dame. The apartment is on the 5th floor, with no elevator. It has a living room with comfortable sofa-bed, tv and wifi internet. The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking, and has a microwave, an oven, induction plates. The separate bedroom has a double bed, which is 140x190 cms. The bathroom contains a bath tub/shower and a washing machine.	Welcome! Great 1 bedroom flat located in the heart of the 5th arrondissement, within walking distance of the Seine Banks or Notre-Dame. The apartment is on the 5th floor, with no elevator. It has a living room with comfortable sofa-bed, tv and wifi internet. The kitchen is fully equipped with cooking, and has a microwave, an oven, induction plates. The separate bedroom has a double bed, which is 140x190 cms. The bathroom contains a bath tub/shower and a washing machine. Guests will have the whole apartment to themselves, it's not a share! I remain available for guests during their stay via phone or email. You will find all the shops you need on your doorstep: Grocery store, bakery, pharmacy etc... The neighbourhood is ideal for those wanting to explore the sights of Paris on foot. It is located in the Mouffetard/Contrescarpe area, famous for its numerous restaurants and bars. Average walking distances to the main sights: -Pantheon: 6 minutes -Luxembourg Gardens: 13 minutes -Notre-Dame:
21201	A big beautiful 5 star luxury flat with and an incredible view of Notre Dame and the river Seine presented to you from the seven oversized windows. This is a rare gem of a flat which everybody would love to have the chance to stay in at least once Sophistication and traditional French elegance with a modern twist best describe this very spacious apartment.  The space is very warm and welcoming and invites you to come and relax in its very comfortable sofas  so that you can admire the breath taking views of Notre Dame. The living space is very spacious, there is also a dining area, very modern happy kitchen, 2 very chic bathrooms and 2 elegant double bedrooms. From here enjoy views of the true heart of Paris. Come home in the late afternoon to sip your favorite French wine, and watch the world go by from an unrivalled vantage point. This is the historical heart of Paris! Light bathes this apartment from its 7 windows overlooking the cathedral of Notre Dame. Located in an historic buildi	This luxury flat is a has a 5 star location with a front row view of Notre Dame de Paris! This the PLACE certainly a flat you will not forget, nor will your buyers you may want to impress. A big beautiful 5 star luxury flat with and an incredible view of Notre Dame and the river Seine presented to you from the seven oversized windows. This is a rare gem of a flat which everybody would love to have the chance to stay in at least once Sophistication and traditional French elegance with a modern twist best describe this very spacious apartment.  The space is very warm and welcoming and invites you to come and relax in its very comfortable sofas  so that you can admire the breath taking views of Notre Dame. The living space is very spacious, there is also a dining area, very modern happy kitchen, 2 very chic bathrooms and 2 elegant double bedrooms. From here enjoy views of the true heart of Paris. Come home in the late afternoon to sip your favorite French wine, and watch the world go by f
21202		Apartment situated in the heart of the Latin Quarter of Paris. Very calm street in charming building with internal garden. 2 minutes walking to the Pantheon and Saint Michel. 5 minutes walking from the river (La seine) and the Church Notre Dame.
21203	Dans immeuble début 19ème et en plein Quartier Latin : Petit appartement studio juste derrière le Panthéon. Sur une petite place calme et arborée, exposé plein Sud. Digicode, Interphone, Ascenseur 6ème étage  .Très clair . 1 living avec kitchenette très bien équipée, TV, Wifi 1 salle de bain 1 canapé Linge fourni  Refait à neuf décembre 2014.  Jolie décoration raffinée A 5' du magnifique Jardin du Luxembourg A 10' de Notre Dame et de St Germain des Prés A 15' du Marais et de l'Ile St Louis Nombreux bus et metros Trés nombreux restaurants, pubs, bistrots, boutiques, etc.... Une des adresses les plus côtées de Paris !	Dans immeuble début 19ème et en plein Quartier Latin : Petit appartement studio juste derrière le Panthéon. Sur une petite place calme et arborée, exposé plein Sud. Digicode, Interphone, Ascenseur 6ème étage  .Très clair . 1 living avec kitchenette très bien équipée, TV, Wifi 1 salle de bain 1 canapé Linge fourni  Refait à neuf décembre 2014.  Jolie décoration raffinée A 5' du magnifique Jardin du Luxembourg A 10' de Notre Dame et de St Germain des Prés A 15' du Marais et de l'Ile St Louis Nombreux bus et metros Trés nombreux restaurants, pubs, bistrots, boutiques, etc.... Une des adresses les plus côtées de Paris ! Accès a la totalité de l'appartement  Pas d'animaux  Non fumeur Accueil personnalisé , remise des clefs, état des lieux. Non présent dans l'appartement pendant le séjour des hôtes  mais conseils à volonté  Quartier idéal, calme et anime à la fois Tout peut se faire à pied car ce quartier est très central . Notre dame, st germain des près, le marais, l'île st Louis sont à 10
21204	1 room flat with bathroom. 4th floor no elevator. The ed is a convertible couch : 2 places.	Silent flat in one  of the most frequented street of the center of Paris.  1 minute walk from Notre-Dame and 10 from Châtelet. The train to Versailles is just down the flat (rer C). 1 room flat with bathroom. 4th floor no elevator. The ed is a convertible couch : 2 places. Metro 4 : station Saint Michel exit 2 Rer B or C : station Saint Michel Notre Dame exit 2 I will provide some tips on good restaurants or alternatives places to visit.
21205		Charmant appartement, calme, rez-de-chaussée sur coure intérieur. Élégamment décoré, pratique, plaisant au quotidien, vue sur le Val de grâce. Idéalement situé, entre le parc du Luxembourg et le jardin des plantes, le panthéon & les arènes de Lutèce.
21206	- Large entrance with dining table and chairs - The living room has one sofa bed for 2 persons, one coffee table, a decorative cheminey.  - Fully equipped kitchen with freezer, oven, electric burner, washing machine, dishwasher, toaster and extractor hood. Tiled-foor. The kitchen is not open on the living-room.  - The bedroom is compsed of 2 single beds with side tablesed to the guests	Located in one of the oldest part of Paris, you will stay in a completly refurnished apartment. It sleeps 4 persons. - Large entrance with dining table and chairs - The living room has one sofa bed for 2 persons, one coffee table, a decorative cheminey.  - Fully equipped kitchen with freezer, oven, electric burner, washing machine, dishwasher, toaster and extractor hood. Tiled-foor. The kitchen is not open on the living-room.  - The bedroom is compsed of 2 single beds with side tablesed to the guests The entire apartment is rent On their day of arrival, we will meet our guest in front of the building. We will show them how work the household appliances and the Internet Wifi. You will be able to contact us 7/7 for any problem or question you may have.  We will also meet our guests on their day of departure. The building sits on the quais directly accross from the Seine and the appartment is on the quiet side, looking over the idyllic courtyard of a 17th century Hotel Particulier)very cl
21207	This duplex apartment is located in a building whose entrance is secured by a first gate with a code and a second with intercom. The apartment is located on the 2nd and 3rd floors which you can access by elevator. This beautiful 65 sqm duplex apartment has two rooms : a spacious main room upstairs, a bedroom downstairs, each floor has a bathroom with a toilet, it will therefore comfortably accommodate up to four people. The lounge / dining area is located on the 3rd floor of the building. The front door opens into a small hallway leading to the living-room. You will immediately be struck by the absolutely stunning beamed ceiling! The lounge area has a double sofabed (140×200) and a beautiful wooden coffee table, as well as a reading corner with comfortable leather chair. The room then opens into the dining-room area. It features a beautiful party table seating up to six people. The kitchen is open to the dining- room. It is well equipped with a beautiful Corian counter top. You will en	High Standing 65 sqm duplex apartment to rent in the heart of Paris : two minutes away from Cité Island and Saint Michel. Tastefully decorated with a special attention to detail, very comfortable with two beautiful bathrooms. We love this place, its  This duplex apartment is located in a building whose entrance is secured by a first gate with a code and a second with intercom. The apartment is located on the 2nd and 3rd floors which you can access by elevator. This beautiful 65 sqm duplex apartment has two rooms : a spacious main room upstairs, a bedroom downstairs, each floor has a bathroom with a toilet, it will therefore comfortably accommodate up to four people. The lounge / dining area is located on the 3rd floor of the building. The front door opens into a small hallway leading to the living-room. You will immediately be struck by the absolutely stunning beamed ceiling! The lounge area has a double sofabed (140×200) and a beautiful wooden coffee table, as well as a reading corner
21208		Brand new renovated one bedroom apartment.  Very bright and clear 
21209	Very nice 60 m2 apartment in the Latin Quarter, two minutes foot away from the famous rue Mouffetard with its market, cafés, church square and shops. 3rd floor (no lift but easy stairs) of a beautiful end of 19th century building at the end of three beautiful gardens.  Living-room (with a piano) and two bedrooms (with two beds, one 140/200 and one 130/200), separate kitchen, toilets, small but well organised bathroom with bathtub.  Ideal for two people who want to have space or two people with a child. All rooms overlook gardens, so the apartment is quiet like in the countryside, although you are in the very heart of Paris, in one of the most beautiful and sought-after neighbourhood! Several buses two minutes by foot which go to the trainstations and main centres of interest. Metro five minutes walk.  You can walk to St Michel, Notre-Dame, La Sorbonne, le Panthéon, le jardin du Luxembourg, le Marais.  Sheets and towels included. Wi-fi included.  Butter, jam, coffee and tea offered.  	Beautiful classical Parisian apartment in famous Mouffetard area. End of 19th century building overlooking two gardens. Living room, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and toilet. Lots of light, very quiet, all transports, market and cafes nearby. Very nice 60 m2 apartment in the Latin Quarter, two minutes foot away from the famous rue Mouffetard with its market, cafés, church square and shops. 3rd floor (no lift but easy stairs) of a beautiful end of 19th century building at the end of three beautiful gardens.  Living-room (with a piano) and two bedrooms (with two beds, one 140/200 and one 130/200), separate kitchen, toilets, small but well organised bathroom with bathtub.  Ideal for two people who want to have space or two people with a child. All rooms overlook gardens, so the apartment is quiet like in the countryside, although you are in the very heart of Paris, in one of the most beautiful and sought-after neighbourhood! Several buses two minutes by foot which go to the trainstations and main 
21210	All the apartment has a view on the green space around Arène de Lutèce one of the oldest monument in Paris. The surrounding is very calm.This sunny apartment is equiped with dish washer and washing machine. The kitchen is equiped with a breakfast table for 2 people, fridge/ freeze, induction hob, oven, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all kitchen ustensils. The living room is equiped with a dining table for 4 people and TV. The bedroom is equiped with a large bed (1m60) and a large built-in wall closet. The bathroom is equiped with a bathtub with showerhead , a sink ,  a hair dryer. You have 1 separated WC .	This beautifull 2 rooms appartment (55 m2)  is located rue des Arènes near Notre-Dame and Mouffetard street (5th arrondissement) . On the 5th floor of a XIXe century building with a lift. All the apartment has a view on the green space around Arène de Lutèce one of the oldest monument in Paris. The surrounding is very calm.This sunny apartment is equiped with dish washer and washing machine. The kitchen is equiped with a breakfast table for 2 people, fridge/ freeze, induction hob, oven, coffee maker, kettle, toaster and all kitchen ustensils. The living room is equiped with a dining table for 4 people and TV. The bedroom is equiped with a large bed (1m60) and a large built-in wall closet. The bathroom is equiped with a bathtub with showerhead , a sink ,  a hair dryer. You have 1 separated WC . I will come to welcome you for check in . You will enjoy Quartier Latin days and night cheerfull atmosphere. You have many café and restaurants in rue Mouffetard and place Contrescarpe. And a typ
21211	The building is of a very good standing. The Paris apartment looks down on a flowered interior courtyard. The building is protected with a digicode. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. Paris studio of 35 m2 that has been recently renovated. The apartment is composed of a large room with living area featuring a couch and a coffee, a dining area with a table for four and an equipped kitchen open on the room, and a bedroom part with a queen size bed (160×200). The bathroom has a bathtub and a washbasin. The toilet is separated, next to the entrance door. This Paris apartment is full of charm with exposed beams and a wooden floor. It is equipped with an internet wireless connection and cable TV. This lovely apartment will perfectly suit a couple.	Charming studio to rent in Paris, located between the Seine (Notre Dame de Paris) and Place Maubert, with its famous open air market. Perfect for a couple. The building is of a very good standing. The Paris apartment looks down on a flowered interior courtyard. The building is protected with a digicode. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. Paris studio of 35 m2 that has been recently renovated. The apartment is composed of a large room with living area featuring a couch and a coffee, a dining area with a table for four and an equipped kitchen open on the room, and a bedroom part with a queen size bed (160×200). The bathroom has a bathtub and a washbasin. The toilet is separated, next to the entrance door. This Paris apartment is full of charm with exposed beams and a wooden floor. It is equipped with an internet wireless connection and cable TV. This lovely apartment will perfectly suit a couple. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay
21212	C'est un 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme. Très confortable. On peut y séjourner à 2.	Situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur -petit balcon avec vue sur Tour Eiffel. Canapé lit pout 2 personnes. coin cuisine équpé de 2 feux électriques et d'un micro-onde salle de douche avec wc indépendante chaufage C'est un 6ème étage avec ascenseur. Calme. Très confortable. On peut y séjourner à 2. Présente à Paris pendant la location A 2 pas du Collège des Bernardins Près de Notre Dame et du Panthéon Commerces alimentaires à proximité Bus au Pied de l'immeuble proche des stations de Métro Cardinal Lemoine et Maubert Mutualité. Proche des gares Austerlitz et gare de Lyon
21213		2 bedrooms, 2 double beds, 1 living room, 1 bathroom and a kitchen. It is calm, sunny with a small balcony on the grey zinc roofs on the 5th floor with elevator in the 5eme arrondissement. It is 1 mn walk fom Place Monge or 8 mn walk from the Seine.
21214	Cosy apartment, 54m2, with 2 larges bedrooms (one withe a double bed, one with a single bed) in a 3 rooms appartement, on a very quiet courtyard where you can hear opéra music thanks to the Music Academy, situated just behind. There is also a double sofa bed in the living room. 1st floor with elevator in the second building. Securited building with digicode. Bed sheets and towels inculded in the price.  I will help you to organize your stay in Paris, giving you my best adresses, & want you to feel like at home in my apartment.	From 2 to 5 people Cosy apartment, 54m2, with 2 larges bedrooms (one withe a double bed, one with a single bed) in a 3 rooms appartement, on a very quiet courtyard where you can hear opéra music thanks to the Music Academy, situated just behind. There is also a double sofa bed in the living room. 1st floor with elevator in the second building. Securited building with digicode. Bed sheets and towels inculded in the price.  I will help you to organize your stay in Paris, giving you my best adresses, & want you to feel like at home in my apartment. Kitch, living room, bedrooms, bathroom, cleaning products and washing machine. Not included, food and private stuff. Son calme et sa jeunesse, La proximité avec le quartier Latin, en plein coeur de Paris. La rue Mouffetard et ses petits commercants, le Jardin du Luxembourg et ses grands espaces. You will be no more than 5 min away from Jardin du Luxembourg, Le Panthéon, rue Mouffetard and 10 minutes from Boulevard Saint Germain, and 2 subways l
21215	Elegant, romantic, renovated by an architect, on a quiet and green courtyard	Elegant romantic, ideal for 2, located in the heart of historic Paris, 3rd floor without elevator of a typical Parisian building, on a quiet and green courtyard. Spacious living room, opened kitchen, cosy bathroom, bedroom upstairs. 5' from the metro Elegant, romantic, renovated by an architect, on a quiet and green courtyard Wireless Internet,  washing machine, dish washer, equipped kitchen with basic cooking supply, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, bed linen, towels, electric kettle, ... Within 2 hours Located in the very center of the city, and the most shabby chic area. At a walking distance from the famous market of the rue Mouffetard (restaurants, shops, local amenities) Easy access to public transport, 5 minutes walking distance from the subway (line 7 / stop at Censier-Daubenton or Place Monge / and several buses n° (phone number hidden)
21216	Very calm , well lit, cosy and sunny , this 344 ft² (32 m²) apartment overlooks a courtyard and is in the heart of the quartier latin (latin quarter) and right next to: - Jardin des plantes (2 minutes) - Rue Mouffetard (2 minutes)  - Arènes de Lutèce (2 minutes) - Panthéon (5 minutes)  - Eglise Saint Etienne Dumont (5 minutes)  - Notre Dame (10-15 minutes) And in the same street as the Great Mosque.  Metro: Place Monge (Line 7) and Jussieu (Line 10 and 7) is within 4 minutes walking distance.  It is on the fifth floor (top of the building) with a nice view on the Great Mosque of Paris.  I would be happy to recommend some nice restaurants in the surroundings.  Sleepings arrangement: One big 2-persons bed and one sofa bed.  Bath Towels (and bed sheets+ pillows) + Hair Dryer included.	Very calm , well lit, cosy and sunny , this 344 ft² (32 m²) apartment overlooks a courtyard and is in the heart of the quartier latin (latin quarter) and right next to:- Jardin des plantes (2 minutes)- Rue Mouffetard (2 minutes) - Arènes de Lutèce (2 Very calm , well lit, cosy and sunny , this 344 ft² (32 m²) apartment overlooks a courtyard and is in the heart of the quartier latin (latin quarter) and right next to: - Jardin des plantes (2 minutes) - Rue Mouffetard (2 minutes)  - Arènes de Lutèce (2 minutes) - Panthéon (5 minutes)  - Eglise Saint Etienne Dumont (5 minutes)  - Notre Dame (10-15 minutes) And in the same street as the Great Mosque.  Metro: Place Monge (Line 7) and Jussieu (Line 10 and 7) is within 4 minutes walking distance.  It is on the fifth floor (top of the building) with a nice view on the Great Mosque of Paris.  I would be happy to recommend some nice restaurants in the surroundings.  Sleepings arrangement: One big 2-persons bed and one sofa bed.  Bath Towels (and 
21217		L Entre Vue - apt - 2p
21218	Large studio in the heart of the Quartier Latin The studio is located at the very heart of the Quartier Latin, next to the Seine river, five minutes walking distance from Notre Dame, the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Gardens, and extremely well served by different lines of buses and subway. You will find in the immediate neighborhood great deal of restaurants, stores and all you need to have a perfect stay in Paris. The apartment is fully equipped, with all amenities (LCD TV, wifi, microwave and traditional oven, washing and drying machine, iPhone speakers) and could welcome up to 4 people (mezzanine double bed + double sofa bed). The bathroom has a bath and shower. It has very high ceilings with exposed wooden beams. The very high windows also ensure permanent light in the room. The building is an ancient Marie-Antoinette private residence, and the studio opens on to the internal courtyard with trees and typical Parisian pavement, guaranteeing an immersion in the Paris of the 18th century.	Large studio in the heart of the Quartier Latin The studio is located at the very heart of the Quartier Latin, next to the Seine river, five minutes walking distance from Notre Dame, the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Gardens, and extremely well served by different lines of buses and subway. You will find in the immediate neighborhood great deal of restaurants, stores and all you need to have a perfect stay in Paris. The apartment is fully equipped, with all amenities (LCD TV, wifi, microwave and traditional oven, washing and drying machine, iPhone speakers) and could welcome up to 4 people (mezzanine double bed + double sofa bed). The bathroom has a bath and shower. It has very high ceilings with exposed wooden beams. The very high windows also ensure permanent light in the room. The building is an ancient Marie-Antoinette private residence, and the studio opens on to the internal courtyard with trees and typical Parisian pavement, guaranteeing an immersion in the Paris of the 18th century.
21219	Très beau duplex au 5ème étage (petites marches) dans un immeuble parisien du XVIIème, Place Maubert, entièrement refait à neuf et tout (website hidden) est idéalement situé à deux pas de Notre-Dame de Paris et du quartier Saint Séverin, avec la rue de la Huchette, le quartier Saint Michel et Saint Germain. Vous serez séduit par l'environnement typique de Paris et des bords de Seine, avec restaurants, bars et commerçants au pied de l'immeuble. Il y a aussi possibilité de parking juste en bas, et accès aux taxis, métro, bus et RER (direct Roissy ou Orly) immédiat.L'appartement dispose d'une vue dégagée sur la Place Maubert, et les deux chambres donnent sur une cour calme (Ouest/Est). Tout a été refait en 2011, avec des prestations de qualité et tout l'équipement (Nespresso, hotte, plaques, four, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur-congélateur etc...). Cuisine style bistrot parisien et salle de bains très design. Toilettes séparées. Linge fourni. Grande chambre de 28m2 en h	Très beau duplex au 5ème étage (petites marches) dans un immeuble parisien du XVIIème, Place Maubert, entièrement refait à neuf et tout (website hidden) est idéalement situé à deux pas de Notre-Dame de Paris et du quartier Saint Séverin, avec la rue de la Huchette, le quartier Saint Michel et Saint Germain. Vous serez séduit par l'environnement typique de Paris et des bords de Seine, avec restaurants, bars et commerçants au pied de l'immeuble. Il y a aussi possibilité de parking juste en bas, et accès aux taxis, métro, bus et RER (direct Roissy ou Orly) immédiat.L'appartement dispose d'une vue dégagée sur la Place Maubert, et les deux chambres donnent sur une cour calme (Ouest/Est). Tout a été fefait en 2011, avec des prestations de qualité et tout l'équipement (Nespresso, hotte, plaques, four, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur-congélateur etc...). Cuisine style bistrot parisien et salle de bains très disign. Toilettes séparées. Linge fourni.Grande chambre de 28m2 en ha
21220	"Very sunny family apartment (105m2) of three bedrooms on the fourth floor of a Haussmann building with an elevator. Mixed design and antiques furniture for a cosy and warm ambiance. The apartment is situated ""Rive Gauche"" (left bank of the Seine river) at the heart of the historic Paris in the fifth district. In five minutes around, you will discover the Latin Quarter, Notre-Dame, l'Ile de le Cité, l'Ile Saint Louis, the Pantheon, the village Mouffetard, the College de France, Sorbonne university... In fifteen minutes walking on the same bank, you will be in Saint Germain des Prés and in the Luxembourg garden. And by crossing the Seine river you'll arrive in front of the City hall and close by the Marais. You can find everything you need just around the corner : one of the best Parisian bakeries (Kayser), the cheese maker, the butcher, fresh fruits and vegies  and a typically Parisian market on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday... Restaurants do not miss: from La Tour d'Argent to Mac Dona"	"Very sunny family apartment (105m2) of three bedrooms on the fourth floor of a Haussmann building with an elevator. Mixed design and antiques furniture for a cosy and warm ambiance. The apartment is situated ""Rive Gauche"" (left bank of the Seine river) at the heart of the historic Paris in the fifth district. In five minutes around, you will discover the Latin Quarter, Notre-Dame, l'Ile de le Cité, l'Ile Saint Louis, the Pantheon, the village Mouffetard, the College de France, Sorbonne university... In fifteen minutes walking on the same bank, you will be in Saint Germain des Prés and in the Luxembourg garden. And by crossing the Seine river you'll arrive in front of the City hall and close by the Marais. You can find everything you need just around the corner : one of the best Parisian bakeries (Kayser), the cheese maker, the butcher, fresh fruits and vegies  and a typically Parisian market on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday... Restaurants do not miss: from La Tour d'Argent to Mac Dona"
21221	The apartment is in haussmannien building.  It is ideal for one or two people. It's clean and quiet recently renovated.  The double bed is comfortable. The open kitchen is fully equipped.  A dry-towel is in bathroom. Sheets, towels, shampooing, the smoothing-iron and the washing machine is at your disposal.	Pretty studio in Paris center, comfortable and quiet, situated in lovely and charming neighborhood. Recently renovated. The apartment is in haussmannien building.  It is ideal for one or two people. It's clean and quiet recently renovated.  The double bed is comfortable. The open kitchen is fully equipped.  A dry-towel is in bathroom. Sheets, towels, shampooing, the smoothing-iron and the washing machine is at your disposal. I will be there for the check-in and the check-out.  I will help you during your stay.  If I can't for any personal reasons, somebody will in my stead. The Mouffetard district is lovely and charming.  Everything you need is immediately accessible (open-markets, food markets, restaurants, cafes, bars, cinema, postoffice, pharmacy, doctors, etc.). The apartment is close to : Metro Line 7 : Censier-Daubenton station Bus line 27 to the Louvre and Musée d'Orsay  Bus line 47 to Notre-Dame  Bus line 67 to Marais, City Hall, Pigalle and Sacre Coeur  Bus line 89 to Luxembou
21222	A cosy apartment for 2 to 4 people	Perfectly located in one of the most popular neighborhoods of Paris, this little loft is quietly tucked away, yet only inches from, the sites, shopping and nightlife. You are just a 5-minute walk to Notre Dame and Saint Germain des Prés. A cosy apartment for 2 to 4 people
21223		Appartement charmant en plein cœur de Paris. Situé dans le quartier latin, à 10 minutes du jardin du Luxembourg et du Jardin des Plantes. 15 min de Châtelet en transports en commun. Très lumineux. Tout équipé.Stations de  métro, bus, RER à 2 min.  
21224	Little house (15 sqm) in the middle of a courtyard in the heart of the Latin Quarter district. Very quiet with sound of (website hidden) is on the ground floor of a secure building (one door to the building code and with a door to the courtyard entrance withkey). a kitchen (separated from the living room), a living room and a bathroom with walk-in shower and toilet. Designed by an architect, space is optimized and the surface appears doubled. In the living room there is a sofa bed very good qualityand very easy to unfold for daily use (brand Dunlopillo), built-in wall dressing room with multiple closets and a desk that can serve as table dining area.   The towels and sheets / blankets are provided. Wireless Internet unlimited and a TV with cable channels are available. Inthe bathroom, you will also find a hairdryer. In the kitchen, all equipment is available (coffee machine, kettle, crockery, dishwasher, microwave, towels, accessories ...). Tea, coffee and sparkling water, biscuits ava	Little house (15 sqm) in the middle of a courtyard in the heart of the Latin Quarter district. Very quiet with sound of (website hidden) is on the ground floor of a secure building (one door to the building code and with a door to the courtyard entrance withkey). a kitchen (separated from the living room), a living room and a bathroom with walk-in shower and toilet. Designed by an architect, space is optimized and the surface appears doubled. In the living room there is a sofa bed very good qualityand very easy to unfold for daily use (brand Dunlopillo), built-in wall dressing room with multiple closets and a desk that can serve as table dining area.   The towels and sheets / blankets are provided. Wireless Internet unlimited and a TV with cable channels are available. Inthe bathroom, you will also find a hairdryer. In the kitchen, all equipment is available (coffee machine, kettle, crockery, dishwasher, microwave, towels, accessories ...). Tea, coffee and sparkling water, biscuits ava
21225	A charming Studio of 20 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Mufftard, Jardin des plantes 15 Minutes Walk , Just in front of super market Carrefour, close to the restaurents Starbug coffee, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon A typical French studio on the ground floor 20m²  with heat, microwave, refrigerator, hair dryer, iron, wardrobe, table, chairs, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for  two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Gobelins ( Underground Train 7 ). Buses ( 91, 47, 67 ). Less then 7 min from Cinema UGC and Gaument and less then 10 Min from Shopping center PLACE D'ITALIE 2   I would love to give you some guide you about the places,restaurents, place to see in Paris. Visits are possible. No agency fees, i m 	    A charming Studio of 20 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Mufftard, Jardin des plantes 15 Minutes Walk.    A charming Studio of 20 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ) with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme,   Few minutes walk from Mufftard, Jardin des plantes 15 Minutes Walk , Just in front of super market Carrefour, close to the restaurents Starbug coffee, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon A typical French studio on the ground floor 20m²  with heat, microwave, refrigerator, hair dryer, iron, wardrobe, table, chairs, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for  two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Gobelins ( Underground Train 7 ). Buses ( 91, 47, 67 ). Less then 7 min from 
21226	A charming Studio of 20 M in the Latin Quartier (5eme ). Located in Central Paris, Just in front of super market Carrefour, close to the restaurents Starbug coffee, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, the Sorbonne, the Panthéon, Mouffetard, restaurants, commerces, shoppings and more ... A typical French studio onthe ground floor 20m²  with heat, microwave, refrigerator, wardrobe, , window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wireless internet connection and now there is also internet connection for laptop. Very calm, perfect for one or two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 1 minute from Métro Gobelins ( Underground Train 7 ). Buses ( 91, 47, 67 ). Visits are possible. No agency fees, i m the owner 	A Charming studio of 12 M in front of Pantheon (5eme) and beside of Jardin Luxembourg with kitchen and bathroom, Located in Central Paris and best location to see PARIS. 10 minutes walk to Notre Dame, few minutes for Mufftard, Saint Michel. Very close to super market Carrefour, close to many restaurents like Starbug coffee, Mac donalds, bus stop and close to the underground train, Luxembourg, Saint Michel A typical French studio onthe ground floor 12m² with heat, microwave, refrigerator, wardrobe, table, chairs, window, sheets and towel included, high-speed wireless internet connection. Very calm, perfect for two people, clean and responsible. Very convenient transportation: Less then 2 minute from Métro Luxembourg ( Underground Train RER B ). Buses ( 27, 21, 85 ). Less then 1 min from PANTHEON and 4 minute from Jardin Luxembourg. I would love to give you some guide you about the places,restaurents, place to see in Paris. Visits are possible. No agency fees, i m the owner. A charming S
21227	This lovely 63 square meter, two-bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 5th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: a washer, unlimited high-speed Internet via WiFi, telephone and cable TV.  THE BUILDING  This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a security code and elevator with security key. LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the main room of the house, the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 33 square meter room has two windows facing a calm light courtyard, insuring natural sunlight throughout the day and protection from street noise. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips and accessible from the open kitchen featuring all modern conveniences: 4 vitro ceramic burners, extractor hood, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, oven, microwave oven, toaster, co	Classic Parisian apartment located on a calm courtyard, five minutes from The Luxembourg Gardens. This lovely 63 square meter, two-bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 5th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: a washer, unlimited high-speed Internet via WiFi, telephone and cable TV.  THE BUILDING  This clean, simple, 19th century building is equipped with a security code and elevator with security key. LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM/KITCHEN  The front entrance door takes you directly to the main room of the house, the comfortable living/dining/kitchen area. This 33 square meter room has two windows facing a calm light courtyard, insuring natural sunlight throughout the day and protection from street noise. The room is perfect for entertaining and relaxing, cooking and having a glass of wine, all is at your fingertips and accessible from the open kitchen featuring all modern conveniences: 4 vit
21228	This is a charming apartment in the Latin District that offers its guests a true and unique Parisian experience. You are in the heart of Paris where history, art, music, and life are on at your doorstep. To your left you have the Pantheon, one of the main Parisian monuments. In front of you are the famous Sorbonne University and Paris elite schools. A few blocks away awaits Notre Dame for your visit. And as you wonder around the small streets of the 5th district, you will come across art galleries, theatres, cinemas, La Huchette pedestrian street, restaurants offering French and international cuisines, French fine dining, Parisian wine caves, bistros, and clubs. To complete the 5th district experience you will have to enjoy the promenades along the Luxembourg Park and La Seine River and discover French fashion on boulevard St. Michel or boulevard St. Germain.        A few minutes away, you can be in Saint Germain, Ille St. Louis, the Louvre Museum, Picasso Museum, the Musée d'Orsay, Ba	This is a charming apartment in the Latin District that offers its guests a true and unique Parisian experience. You are in the heart of Paris where history, art, music, and life are on at your doorstep. To your left you have the Pantheon, one of the main Parisian monuments. In front of you are the famous Sorbonne University and Paris elite schools. A few blocks away awaits Notre Dame for your visit. And as you wonder around the small streets of the 5th district, you will come across art galleries, theatres, cinemas, La Huchette pedestrian street, restaurants offering French and international cuisines, French fine dining, Parisian wine caves, bistros, and clubs. To complete the 5th district experience you will have to enjoy the promenades along the Luxembourg Park and La Seine River and discover French fashion on boulevard St. Michel or boulevard St. Germain.        A few minutes away, you can be in Saint Germain, Ille St. Louis, the Louvre Museum, Picasso Museum, the Musée d'Orsay, Ba
21229	28m2 studio. Main room : - Cable TV - Keyboard (piano) - High speed Wifi - Real bed Little kitchen : - Induction cooker - Micro-waves / Oven - Fridge with Freezer Bathroom with toilets and a bath.	Studio cosy et tout équipé situé au coeur de Paris, dans le quartier latin (St-Michel). Cosy studio in the area of the Quartier Latin, in the heart of Paris. The perfect place to visit the city !
21230	Spacious charming one-bedroom apartment (70 sqm) in the very heart of Paris, in Quartier Latin, at 1 min walk from Saint Michel square and its fountain, between Notre-Dame de Paris and the fancy Boulevard Saint Germain.  The living-room is spacious and bright with an adorable view on the St Severin Church and its garden facing the apartment. Equipment : 1 table with 6 chairs, a 3 person sofa (convertible into a comfortable double sofa-bed), TV LCD, computer, Wifi, piano,... The bedroom : a double bed, fan and 2 windows facing a very quiet courtyard. Access to the bathroom from the bedroom. The bathroom : WC, big shower, sink, hairdryer. The open kitchen is fully equipped : big fridge with freezer, small dishwasher, oven, oven microwave, induction plates, washing and drying machine, etc. Linen (sheets, towels, ...) is provided for the guests.	Lovely apartment newly refurbished in the middle heart of the Quartier Latin, between Notre-Dame and Boulevard St Germain / Pantheon / Luxembourg Park. Located near the Notre-Dame St Michel metro/RER station (direct lines from the airports) Spacious charming one-bedroom apartment (70 sqm) in the very heart of Paris, in Quartier Latin, at 1 min walk from Saint Michel square and its fountain, between Notre-Dame de Paris and the fancy Boulevard Saint Germain.  The living-room is spacious and bright with an adorable view on the St Severin Church and its garden facing the apartment. Equipment : 1 table with 6 chairs, a 3 person sofa (convertible into a comfortable double sofa-bed), TV LCD, computer, Wifi, piano,... The bedroom : a double bed, fan and 2 windows facing a very quiet courtyard. Access to the bathroom from the bedroom. The bathroom : WC, big shower, sink, hairdryer. The open kitchen is fully equipped : big fridge with freezer, small dishwasher, oven, oven microwave, induction pl
21231		Bel appartement appartement de 3 pièces + cuisine équipée + salle de bain lumineuse (baignoire) dans Paris centre. Tous conforts (wi fi, sèche cheveux, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, serviettes, draps).
21232	"Would you like to have a romantic stay in the most beautiful area of Paris, the historical center, the famous ""Quartier Latin"" ? How about waking up 2 steps from the gorgeous ""Cathédrale Notre-Dame"" or wander around the massive ""Pantheon"", just around the corner of your street ? I'd like to give you a chance to taste this experience. With a really comfy 2 persons mezzanine and another double-bed below, you will have all the comfort you need. The studio can receive up to 4 persons. The flat has been completely renewed. It's very clean, bright, comfy and nicely decorated. There is an extra 10€/night per additional person (water, sheets cleaning and damage risks) for reservation above 2 persons. Edit : There can be different prices displayed on the calendar according to the season of the year and the affluence of reservations. Sorry for the disagreement. ---------------------------------"	"Typical Parisian charmful studio with 2 double beds (one on mezzanine), so 4 places total, at the foot of the ""Panthéon"" and ""Notre-Dame"" cathedral, right in the centre historical ""Quartier Latin"". Enjoy!  The best of Paris (culture, parcs, bars) ! Would you like to have a romantic stay in the most beautiful area of Paris, the historical center, the famous ""Quartier Latin"" ? How about waking up 2 steps from the gorgeous ""Cathédrale Notre-Dame"" or wander around the massive ""Pantheon"", just around the corner of your street ? I'd like to give you a chance to taste this experience. With a really comfy 2 persons mezzanine and another double-bed below, you will have all the comfort you need. The studio can receive up to 4 persons. The flat has been completely renewed. It's very clean, bright, comfy and nicely decorated. There is an extra 10€/night per additional person (water, sheets cleaning and damage risks) for reservation above 2 persons. Edit : There can be different prices displayed on"
21233		Very beautiful, bright and modern flat. In the top of the building with a great view of  the Eiffel Tower, the Montparnasse Tower, the Cluny Medieval Gardens, the Saint-Séverin Church, in the Qartier Latin Quarter, on the famous Boulevard Saint-Germain-des-Prés and very close to La Sorbonne, Notre Dame de Paris and the river La Seine (2 minutes walk). Welcome to the heart of Paris!
21234	Studio très lumineux avec vue sur les arènes de Lutèce, mur en pierre apparente qui fait tout son charme au studio. 	Studio de 32 m2, situé au cœur du 5e arrondissement de Paris, il vous laissera libre de vous balader ou vous le souhaitez a Paris de part son accès en métro. Il est idéal pour quelques jour entre amies ou en couple vu sa rue calme.  Studio très lumineux avec vue sur les arènes de Lutèce, mur en pierre apparente qui fait tout son charme au studio.  Tout le logement est disponible sauf la pièce du dressing. Je ne pourrais pas échangez avec les voyageurs, mais des amies à moi habitent au RDC de l'immeuble et seront disponible si nécessaire.  Sa proximité avec beaucoup d'endroits très sympa dans Paris, comme le jardin des Plantes ou du Luxembourg, le Panthéon, le quartier Mouffetard, Notre Dame, St Michel... Par le métro Jussieu sur la ligne 7 ou 1O ou le métro Cardinal Lemoine sur la ligne 10.
21235	"Very charming mezzanine studio in a typical parisian building, right in downtown Paris. A lovely flat in a really nice historic neighborhood (the Latin Quarter), perfect for a couple visiting Paris! Very charming flat. The mezzanine and exposed beams give it strong character. The building is also very pleasant and very calm. The vine and flowers makes it feels like a true nature spot right at the center of historic Paris Feel free to ask should you need anything to make your stay unforgettable The Latin Quarter is the heart of Paris. The flat is very near (5 min walk) to beautiful historic monuments (Notre Dame cathedral, the Pantheon, Les arênes de Lutèce, the Luxembourg Garden...). The neighborhood has a magical vibe, and it's no wonder Woody Allen chose it to film his ""Midnight in Paris"" Subway: line 10 (Cardinal Lemoine) or 7 (Jussieu) Bus: 89, 63 "	"Very charming studio in a typical parisian building, with a very large mezzanine bed and exposed beams. Right in downtown Paris. Perfect, especially for a couple. You will love it - I know I do! Very charming mezzanine studio in a typical parisian building, right in downtown Paris. A lovely flat in a really nice historic neighborhood (the Latin Quarter), perfect for a couple visiting Paris! Very charming flat. The mezzanine and exposed beams give it strong character. The building is also very pleasant and very calm. The vine and flowers makes it feels like a true nature spot right at the center of historic Paris Feel free to ask should you need anything to make your stay unforgettable The Latin Quarter is the heart of Paris. The flat is very near (5 min walk) to beautiful historic monuments (Notre Dame cathedral, the Pantheon, Les arênes de Lutèce, the Luxembourg Garden...). The neighborhood has a magical vibe, and it's no wonder Woody Allen chose it to film his ""Midnight in Paris"" Sub"
21236		Au cœur de la capitale de l'amour et du romantisme, vous apprécierez ce TRIPLEX, ce bien d'exception, à quelques mètres de la Seine dans un quartier adorable, à quelques minutes à pied du Jardin du Luxembourg.
21237	Quartier très calme, idéal pour se reposer après avoir visité Paris	    Tout le confort proche du jardin du Luxembourg, odéon saint Michel,chatlet et Montparnasse. Appartement clair, peut loger 3 personnes et un enfant en bas age.       Quartier très calme, idéal pour se reposer après avoir visité Paris Internet, télé, lit bébé, machine à laver, sèche linge, douche Sera présent seulement pour remettre les clés.  Quartier très calme avec toutes commodités 100 mètres a la ronde. Poste, pharmacie, boulangerie, marché, boucherie, métro, bus. ( RER B direction roissy charles de gaulle et orly ) ( ligne 38 direction gare du nord, ligne 91 direction gare montparnasse et gare de lyon ) Métro ligne 4, 12, RER B, bus 38, 91, 83. ( RER B direction roissy charles de gaulle et orly ) ( ligne 38 direction gare du nord, ligne 91 direction gare montparnasse et gare de lyon ) Immeuble calme et paisible dans une rue avec peut de passage.
21238	This apartment is ideally located two steps to the Jardin des Plantes and the Seine. Many shops at the foot of the building: a bakery, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés. The apartment is VERY WELL LAID-OUT : the two rooms are well separated. All rooms give access to the entrance, the bathroom and kitchen INDEPENDENTLY.	"BEDDING : - bedroom: 1 bed for 2 persons (sized 160x200cm) - living room: 1 pull-out sofa 2 persons (sized 140x200cm) - 1 inflatable bed for 1 person - 1 baby bed. This apartment is ideally located two steps to the Jardin des Plantes and the Seine. Many shops at the foot of the building: a bakery, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés. The apartment is VERY WELL LAID-OUT : the two rooms are well separated. All rooms give access to the entrance, the bathroom and kitchen INDEPENDENTLY. All means of transport very close to the building: - Suburban train ""RER C"" station ""Gare d'Austerlitz"" - metro station : ""Gare d'Austerlitz"" (lines 5 and 10) - Numerous bus lines (number (phone number hidden), ...). There are two fans in the apartment (no AC). Central heating, working perfectly. The apartment is at floor #6. There is an elevator in the building. There are NO stairs to reach the elevator. Wi-Fi : Name : Numericable-9D27 Password : d9c(phone number hidden)e9515f8bb7316f0 An adult must always "
21239	The apartment consists in a nice bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, and a bathroom with toilets.  You will enjoy a fully-equipped kitchen, WIFI, a washing-machine and storage. I speak English fluently and respond very quickly to emails. The flat is located right by the famous rue Mouffetard, in the heart of Paris Latin Quarter. It is the perfect place to visit Paris' nicest monuments and parks. It is very close to the Jardin du Luxembourg, the Jardin des Plantes, the Panthéon, and not far at all from Notre-Dame, Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain and the Marais! The lovely neighborhood feels like a small village with its cobbled streets, traditional little food shops, cafés and restaurants, and few cars.  You will particularly enjoy walking up and down the rue Mouffetard and its market. Conveniently located right by Censier Daubenton metro station (1 min walk) and Luxembourg RER station (10 min walk). Many bus stops around the apartment.  Feel free to ask, I'd love	Nice 1 bedroom flat in the heart of Paris' Latin Quarter. Right by the rue Mouffetard and its famous market. Lovely traditional neighbourhood. Very close to the Pantheon, Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, Saint-Germain, Notre-Dame ... The apartment consists in a nice bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen, and a bathroom with toilets.  You will enjoy a fully-equipped kitchen, WIFI, a washing-machine and storage. I speak English fluently and respond very quickly to emails. The flat is located right by the famous rue Mouffetard, in the heart of Paris Latin Quarter. It is the perfect place to visit Paris' nicest monuments and parks. It is very close to the Jardin du Luxembourg, the Jardin des Plantes, the Panthéon, and not far at all from Notre-Dame, Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain and the Marais! The lovely neighborhood feels like a small village with its cobbled streets, traditional little food shops, cafés and restaurants, and few cars.  You will particularly
21240	This apartment is located on the first floor of a top-quality building, you have to walk up a few stairs to get to the elevator that will lead you to the 1st floor. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. This apartment has a very cozy and comfortable living room. It features a 140 cm convertible sofa, a low table, two armchairs, a large TV, a corner office and storage areas as well as a dining table. The kitchen is fully-equipped so that you can be able to cook nice dishes. The bedroom is made up of two night tables and a 160 cm double bed. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets.	This pleasant apartment has a very nice location. You won’t fail to fall under the charm of the Latin Quarter where there are many places to visit. Comfortable and cozy, this apartment will give you all the necessary equipment. This apartment is located on the first floor of a top-quality building, you have to walk up a few stairs to get to the elevator that will lead you to the 1st floor. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. This apartment has a very cozy and comfortable living room. It features a 140 cm convertible sofa, a low table, two armchairs, a large TV, a corner office and storage areas as well as a dining table. The kitchen is fully-equipped so that you can be able to cook nice dishes. The bedroom is made up of two night tables and a 160 cm double bed. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. The Jardin des Plantes is an invitation to dream and travel: a rose garden with 350 varieties, an alpine garden gathering 2 000 mountain plants, a menagerie reunit
21241		Appartment in the heart of Paris near Notre-Dame, Saint-Michel and le Marais available from (phone number hidden) to 07/09/15 only. Two bedrooms, one sunny living room and a fully furnished kitchen. Available for four persons and for a week of stay minimum.
21242	"This is a small apartment of 35m2 which has one bedroom with a double bed (140x200), one mezzanine above the bathroom with a double mattress of quality on the floor, to access to the mezzanine you have to climb the ladder and once you are upstairs you can't stand up, you can stay only on your knees but you have privacy from the other guests to rest during the night. The bathroom is independent from the bedroom. In the living room there is also a sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and comfortable like a real bed. In the open kitchen you have just the basic for a breakfast or to cook some pasta…There is a TV flat screen. The Internet is free. The apartment is clean, very quiet and luminous for a first floor. No elevator. Because it is a ""Pied a terre"" for me I decided to leave the space very neat on purpose. The bedlinen and towels are provided The Check In is from 3pm until 8pm and the Check Out before noon. If the place is available we could do an earlier check in from 10am. Or a"	"Quartier Latin - Latin Quarter  Very CENTRAL : Between Place St Michel, Cluny, La Sorbonne, Saint Germain, Notre Dame Metro St Michel line 4 RER  line B St Michel Notre Dame Direct line from Airport CDG - Orly This is a small apartment of 35m2 which has one bedroom with a double bed (140x200), one mezzanine above the bathroom with a double mattress of quality on the floor, to access to the mezzanine you have to climb the ladder and once you are upstairs you can't stand up, you can stay only on your knees but you have privacy from the other guests to rest during the night. The bathroom is independent from the bedroom. In the living room there is also a sofa convertible for 2, very easy to use and comfortable like a real bed. In the open kitchen you have just the basic for a breakfast or to cook some pasta…There is a TV flat screen. The Internet is free. The apartment is clean, very quiet and luminous for a first floor. No elevator. Because it is a ""Pied a terre"" for me I decided to leav"
21243	Charmant appartement de 2 pièces, peut accueillir 6 personnes (un lit de 2 place, un canapé convertible 2 place et un clic clac 2 place ) accessible par le métro ( station Jussieu ou Cardinal Lemoine ) et par Bus ( Lignes : (phone number hidden)) , incluant une cuisine complète (La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, d'un four, micro onde, lave vaisselle), Salle de Douche ( serviettes incluses, machine a lave ). Situé au RDC sur Impasse . Disponible à partir d'une journée jusqu'à 2 semaine, idéal pour voyage d'affaires et vacances en famille a prix très abordable. Charment quartier, proche de nombreux commerces (restaurants, café, supermarché etc....) Appartement Fumeur. Certaines possibilité de flexibilité horaires, veuillez me contacter pour plus d'information sur les possibilités. Pour toutes informations supplémentaires veuillez entrer en contact avec moi!	Un 2 pièces, avec (un lit de 2 place et deux canapé convertible 2 place) proche de toute commodité et très bien situé a coté de Saint germain, Châtelet, Notre Dames, Bastille, quartier Latin ... Charmant appartement de 2 pièces, peut accueillir 6 personnes (un lit de 2 place, un canapé convertible 2 place et un clic clac 2 place ) accessible par le métro ( station Jussieu ou Cardinal Lemoine ) et par Bus ( Lignes : (phone number hidden)) , incluant une cuisine complète (La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, d'un four, micro onde, lave vaisselle), Salle de Douche ( serviettes incluses, machine a lave ). Situé au RDC sur Impasse . Disponible à partir d'une journée jusqu'à 2 semaine, idéal pour voyage d'affaires et vacances en famille a prix très abordable. Charment quartier, proche de nombreux commerces (restaurants, café, supermarché etc....) Appartement Fumeur. Certaines possibilité de flexibilité horaires, veuillez me contacter pour plus d'information sur les possibilités. Pour toutes in
21244		Deux pièces, accueillant et parisien ! Entièrement équipé. Exposition plein sud avec balcon. Idéal pour un couple un weekend sur Paris. Situé en plein coeur du quartier latin, à 10 min de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, 10 min du Luxembourg, du Panthéon..
21245	Un appartement de famille, spacieux et clair, entièrement rénové. Tout le confort moderne dans un cadre ancien. La tranquillité en plein Quartier Latin.  	Que diriez-vous d'embarquer pour une croisière sur les toits de Paris ? Imaginez un apéritif au coucher du soleil, une splendide vue dégagée, un magnifique plancher en chêne sous de hauts plafonds. Le calme dans un quartier très animé, facile d'accès Un appartement de famille, spacieux et clair, entièrement rénové. Tout le confort moderne dans un cadre ancien. La tranquillité en plein Quartier Latin.   Internet wi-fi, télévision câblée avec de nombreuses chaînes, douche hydro-massante, baignoire à remous, cuisine hyper équipée, informations touristiques à disposition.  Un accueil personnalisé est réservé à chaque voyageur. Un échange par téléphone ou par mail permet de cerner les attentes et, à l'arrivée toute l'aide possible est mise à leur disposition Le Quartier Latin est un lieu d'histoire et en même temps très vivant. On y trouve des monuments comme le Panthéon, la Sorbonne, le Musée de Cluny aussi bien que des restaurants traditionnels ou ethnique, des boutiques de mode, un march
21246	Comfy double room, bathroom separate from toilets, and big living room with open kitchen and a couch. It's a very quiet and clean flat near all the bars/ cafes of rue du pot de fer and rue mouffetard.  12 min metro only to Chatelet/ The Louvre or 25 min walk.	Beautiful cosy apartment with one double bed bedroom and one big living room with an open kitchen. Two steps away from rue mouffetard, 5 min walk to Pantheon, 10 min to Luxembourg garden. In the heart of the Latin quarter. Comfy double room, bathroom separate from toilets, and big living room with open kitchen and a couch. It's a very quiet and clean flat near all the bars/ cafes of rue du pot de fer and rue mouffetard.  12 min metro only to Chatelet/ The Louvre or 25 min walk. The guests have access to the whole flat. No dogs please! I won't be here to welcome the guests but a friend of mine will. There are lots of bars and restaurants in the area. The area is also very central and there is a great atmosphere at night time. It is full of students during school terms and then quieter during holidays with more tourists. It's very close to everything and has a lot of charm. You can be by the river within 10 min of walking. Metro Access with line 7 (Place Monge stop) or ligne 10 (Cardinal
21247	I got a real kid's bedroom. - 2 beds	PERFECT FOR FAMILY WITH KIDS Located in the cutest area in Paris, rue Mouffetard, Vth arrondissement in the very center of the city (15 min max from le Louvres, Beaubourg, Opéra etc), cafes, restaurant and marketplace at 10 meters I got a real kid's bedroom. - 2 beds Wifi  By internet and phone - a friend of mine will give the keys The Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes, perfect for a nice walk The is a nice little garden juste at one minute from the house AND… there is a wonderful coffee place juste in front of the building  it takes only 10 or 15 minutes to go to every museum by bus or subway (Louvres, Orsay, Beaubourg) the bus is juste in front of the house, the subway at 3 minutes AND you ave a bicycle station (velib) in front of the building's door 
21248	This 1 BR 46m2 apartment stays in a 17th century building of the “Saint Severin district”. In the early 20th century, it was inhabited by Berthold BRECHT the famous writer. The location is very central, in the middle of the latin quarter (5th) full of restaurants and shops and minutes walk from many monuments (Louvre, Notre-Dame). Subway (email hidden)e apartment qualities: -Rare traditional wooden beam building -Unique view over the Saint Severin church -Wooden furniture pieces are piece of art. -Apt was completely refurbished in July 2011 The living room offers 2 different areas : an open kitchen (brand new) with large ancient wooden table that seats 4/6 and a lounge area that offers a comfortable convertible sofa (2 guests) and piece of art furniture pieces (desk, closet). The ceiling is hold by large dark wooden beams. Additionally, a few vertical beams create the space separation in a charming way. The view from the living room on is unique the church and square.  The bedroom is p	if you are looking for the charm of a typically traditional French apartment with incredible wooden beams, antique furniture and a unique view over the Saint Severin Church & square, this is the place to stay. This 1 BR 46m2 apartment stays in a 17th century building of the “Saint Severin district”. In the early 20th century, it was inhabited by Berthold BRECHT the famous writer. The location is very central, in the middle of the latin quarter (5th) full of restaurants and shops and minutes walk from many monuments (Louvre, Notre-Dame). Subway (email hidden)e apartment qualities: -Rare traditional wooden beam building -Unique view over the Saint Severin church -Wooden furniture pieces are piece of art. -Apt was completely refurbished in July 2011 The living room offers 2 different areas : an open kitchen (brand new) with large ancient wooden table that seats 4/6 and a lounge area that offers a comfortable convertible sofa (2 guests) and piece of art furniture pieces (desk, closet). The
21249	This third floor apartment (w/elevator) is in a fine building from the thirties, with all the rooms overlooking a quiet, well maintained, courtyard with plants, flowers and trees. A light and spacious living room with two large tall windows overlooks the quiet courtyard. There are polished parquet floors with rug, a sofa, dining furniture, and a mix of antique and contemporary furnishings including TV w/DVD, Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The fully tiled kitchen has a cook-top w/four elements, refrigerator, dishwasher, and both standard and microwave ovens. The bedroom has a double bed, double glazed windows for protection from street noise and summer heat, and generous storage. The en-suite bathroom has a tub with hand shower attachment, basin, and a clothes washing machine and dryer. There is a separate toilet in its own enclosure. Hot water and heating centrally supplied and controlled by the building.	This lovely apartment is set in a maze of narrow cobbled streets with old buildings, many moderately priced restaurants, cafes and the bi-weekly market on the Place Monge, and the daily fresh food outdoor market at the south end of Rue Mouffetard. This third floor apartment (w/elevator) is in a fine building from the thirties, with all the rooms overlooking a quiet, well maintained, courtyard with plants, flowers and trees. A light and spacious living room with two large tall windows overlooks the quiet courtyard. There are polished parquet floors with rug, a sofa, dining furniture, and a mix of antique and contemporary furnishings including TV w/DVD, Stereo, and DSL Internet access with Wi-Fi. The fully tiled kitchen has a cook-top w/four elements, refrigerator, dishwasher, and both standard and microwave ovens. The bedroom has a double bed, double glazed windows for protection from street noise and summer heat, and generous storage. The en-suite bathroom has a tub with hand shower at
21250	The apartment building, which has a garden and a view that overlooks the Panthéon, is ideally situated in a calm area in the heart of the picturesque and charming Mouffetard neighborhood and close to shops.	A fully furnished, bright, sunny and calm 60 m2 two-bedroom apartment good for 4 people in the heart of the Latin Quarter. There is a bathroom with a shower, a large living room and a fully equipped kitchen. A garden. The apartment building, which has a garden and a view that overlooks the Panthéon, is ideally situated in a calm area in the heart of the picturesque and charming Mouffetard neighborhood and close to shops. This animated and pedestrian neighborhood has several shops and restaurants serving all types of cusines. The apartment is situated between the Luxembourg Gardens, The Jardin des Plantes and the Lutèce Arena, and is very close to the Seine. This animated and pedestrian neighborhood has several shops and restaurants serving all types of cusines. The apartment is situated between the Luxembourg Gardens, The Jardin des Plantes and the Lutèce Arena, and is very close to the Seine. Five minutes walking distance from métro Cardinal Lemoine and Place Monge, and access to seve
21251	A unique getaway in the middle of the city,  Very calm and a few minutes walking distance from most of the main monouments . comfortably fit for four people. 	Hello ! we offer a lovley apartment in the amazing 5th(latin) quarter , close to Blvd Saint Germain. Metro 10 nearby. one bedroom and a cozy living room with an opening couch, extra mattress also avalible.  House was renovated lately.  New bathroom,  kitchen fully equipped, hope to see you soon!  A unique getaway in the middle of the city,  Very calm and a few minutes walking distance from most of the main monouments . comfortably fit for four people. Cables TV, Free Wifi, telephone with international access (land line\fix only). The food in the house is not included, our personal wardrobe is off limits, Balconey might be off limits during stay due to renovation of the building .  We will be avalible via email, facebook and telephone that will be checked on a daily basis. Very calm yet very busy and main neighborhood, right on the BLVD saint germain, two metro lines (7 and 10) and many bus lines nearby. Grocery store, boulangerie and many restaurants in the street and nearby, close to 
21252	A comfortable apartment of 55 m² located in the 2nd floor onto courtyard of a nice and calm building without elevator . It is ideally situated near Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis in the 5th district. It includes a living room with a small single sofa bed for a children, a dining room area, an american kitchen, 2 confortable bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with av shower and toilets. The apartment is decorated with a very modern style but functional . You will find all the commodities for your stay (bakeries, fruits, vegetables, fish, meat,…) in Place Maubert, from steps to the apartment.	A confortable apartment located from steps to Ile Saint Louis and Notre Dame in Paris 5th. It has 2 bedrooms and a single sofa bed in the living room for a children. It can accomodate up to 4 adults and 1 child. A comfortable apartment of 55 m² located in the 2nd floor onto courtyard of a nice and calm building without elevator . It is ideally situated near Notre Dame and Ile Saint Louis in the 5th district. It includes a living room with a small single sofa bed for a children, a dining room area, an american kitchen, 2 confortable bedrooms with double beds, a bathroom with av shower and toilets. The apartment is decorated with a very modern style but functional . You will find all the commodities for your stay (bakeries, fruits, vegetables, fish, meat,…) in Place Maubert, from steps to the apartment. At your arrival, you will have to sign a rental contract and a state of the flat and pay 50€ for sheets and towels. If you check in on sunday, holidays or after 8PM, you will have to pay 
21253		Beau studio de 20 m2, proche Panthéon et île saint Louis. Pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Cuisine équipé et balcon très agréable.
21254	Loue un petit studio meublé, typiquement parisien, ensoleillé, calme, entièrement équipé, situé au 7eme étage sans ascenseur. Le studio comporte une pièce principale avec une mezzanine pour le couchage pour 2-3 personnes (n'ayant pas la possibilité de mettre un vrai lit à cause du plafond bas sur la mezzanine je mets à votre disposition un matelas sans sommier) et une salle de douche avec un WC broyer. Il y a également un WC classique privatif sur palier. L'appartement possède un coin cuisine avec frigo, four à micro-ondes combiné, vaisselle, lave-linge, aspirateur, fer à repasser, nombreux rangements, draps et serviettes de toilette.   Il y a aussi une connexion Internet Wi-fi. 	Loue un petit studio meublé, typiquement parisien, ensoleillé, calme, entièrement équipé, idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris, à côté de la Seine et de Notre-Dame de Paris, à deux pas du métro Saint Michel. Loue un petit studio meublé, typiquement parisien, ensoleillé, calme, entièrement équipé, situé au 7eme étage sans ascenseur. Le studio comporte une pièce principale avec une mezzanine pour le couchage pour 2-3 personnes (n'ayant pas la possibilité de mettre un vrai lit à cause du plafond bas sur la mezzanine je mets à votre disposition un matelas sans sommier) et une salle de douche avec un WC broyer. Il y a également un WC classique privatif sur palier. L'appartement possède un coin cuisine avec frigo, four à micro-ondes combiné, vaisselle, lave-linge, aspirateur, fer à repasser, nombreux rangements, draps et serviettes de toilette.   Il y a aussi une connexion Internet Wi-fi. Idéalement situé en plein cœur de Paris, dans une petite rue, à côté de la Seine et de Notre-Dame de 
21255		Appartement de 100 m2 au 4e étage avec ascenseur. Très calme, clair et lumineux, vue sur des jardins et le Panthéon. Grand salon de 35 m2 , deux chambres. En plein coeur du quartier latin, à 5 minutes du  Jardin du Luxembourg et 10 minutes du Chatelet. 3 stations de métro à 5 minutes à pied. 3 stations de métro à proximité et de nombreux bus.
21256	Au cœur du quartier latin, dans une rue pavée à deux pas des Arènes de Lutèce, de la rue Mouffetard et de la Montagne Sainte-Geneviève, ce duplex vous accueillera pour un séjour familial ou professionnel à Paris. L’appartement est situé entre les stations de métro Jussieu et Cardinal Lemoine, et de nombreux monuments parisiens sont accessibles à pied (Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Jardin des Plantes, Institut du Monde arabe, Jardin du Luxembourg…)  Calme et lumineux, ce duplex est situé sous les toits d’un immeuble du 17ème siècle et on y accède par un escalier (4 étages sans ascenseur). Il se compose au premier niveau d’une entrée qui dessert  - une salle de bains avec baignoire et WC, équipée d’un lave-linge  - un séjour/cuisine d’environ 17 m2 avec un mur en pierres apparentes.  - La partie cuisine est entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle, plaques chauffantes, et un combiné four/micro-ondes et tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner. On peut prendre ses repas 	Au cœur du quartier latin, dans une rue pavée à deux pas des Arènes de Lutèce, de la rue Mouffetard et de la Montagne Sainte Geneviève, ce duplex vous accueillera pour un séjour familial ou professionnel à Paris. Au cœur du quartier latin, dans une rue pavée à deux pas des Arènes de Lutèce, de la rue Mouffetard et de la Montagne Sainte-Geneviève, ce duplex vous accueillera pour un séjour familial ou professionnel à Paris. L’appartement est situé entre les stations de métro Jussieu et Cardinal Lemoine, et de nombreux monuments parisiens sont accessibles à pied (Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Panthéon, Arènes de Lutèce, Jardin des Plantes, Institut du Monde arabe, Jardin du Luxembourg…)  Calme et lumineux, ce duplex est situé sous les toits d’un immeuble du 17ème siècle et on y accède par un escalier (4 étages sans ascenseur). Il se compose au premier niveau d’une entrée qui dessert  - une salle de bains avec baignoire et WC, équipée d’un lave-linge  - un séjour/cuisine d’environ 17 m2 ave
21257	Standing Typically Parisian building of very good standing. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The access is secured by a door code. Layout Apartment to rent in Paris of 40 m2 composed of an entrance, a kitchen, a bathroom, a living room and a bedroom. The main room is made up of a table that can accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed which makes it possible for two additional people to sleep in this apartment. The kitchen, which is entirely equipped, is separated. The bathroom has a large bath-tub with a shower and a toilet. The apartment also has a separate toilet. The bedroom has two single beds of 80x200 (they can be put side by side to form a double bed 160x20). From here, you have a superb view on the Pantheon. This Paris apartment can sleep up to four guests. It is very calm as it gives onto an inner courtyard. It is a very beautiful place to stay, as it is a simple apartment but still perfectly arranged and in an amazing location. Discover Paris and l	Nice 40 sqm one bedroom apartment to rent in Paris, in the Latin quarter area. With a great location near the Pantheon, Luxembourg Garden and Saint-Germain des Près, this Paris rental can sleep 4 people. Standing Typically Parisian building of very good standing. The Paris apartment is on the 4th floor with an elevator. The access is secured by a door code. Layout Apartment to rent in Paris of 40 m2 composed of an entrance, a kitchen, a bathroom, a living room and a bedroom. The main room is made up of a table that can accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed which makes it possible for two additional people to sleep in this apartment. The kitchen, which is entirely equipped, is separated. The bathroom has a large bath-tub with a shower and a toilet. The apartment also has a separate toilet. The bedroom has two single beds of 80x200 (they can be put side by side to form a double bed 160x20). From here, you have a superb view on the Pantheon. This Paris apartment can sleep up to four 
21258	Rare to the quartier, this apartment boasts elevator access to bring you to your door. With its flowing floor plan, period furniture art and antique rugs this apartment is like a small home, a perfect retreat for a couple to experience the City Of Light. And, with the sofa bed in the living room, the apartment can also accommodate parties of 3 or 4 (supplemental charges apply).	Bievre, once a tributary that meandered from Versaille to the foot of Notre Dame, is now the rue de Bievre a charming Left Bank street that extends only from the river at the Quai de la Tournelle to the (website hidden) Germain. Rare to the quartier, this apartment boasts elevator access to bring you to your door. With its flowing floor plan, period furniture art and antique rugs this apartment is like a small home, a perfect retreat for a couple to experience the City Of Light. And, with the sofa bed in the living room, the apartment can also accommodate parties of 3 or 4 (supplemental charges apply). Like a well organized home nearly everything you require is at your disposal including all linens and a fully appointed gourmet kitchen. Just steps away from the heart of the City this apartment is one you will return to again and again. For guests staying more than one week who are paying the full price, a weekly cleaning will be included at no charge for you and all bed linens and towe
21259	Beautiful 3 bedroom apartment, entirely renovated in 2013, 5th floor, quiet, double exposure (East-West). Entrance room with bookcases, large living room (3 windows to the west), family room with kitchen and large dining table, parent’s bedroom with en suite closet and bathroom (shower), 2 children bedrooms with bathroom and small laundry room	    Beautiful apartment near Luxembourg gardens; 3 bedrooms; quiet and ideal for a family.    Beautiful 3 bedroom apartment, entirely renovated in 2013, 5th floor, quiet, double exposure (East-West). Entrance room with bookcases, large living room (3 windows to the west), family room with kitchen and large dining table, parent’s bedroom with en suite closet and bathroom (shower), 2 children bedrooms with bathroom and small laundry room Luxembourg gardens 50 meters away ; St-Germain-des-prés, quartier latin & Notre-Dame a few minutes walk away. Wide range of shops and commerce (including organic and supermarkets) in the immediate vicinity ; nice restaurants and cafés, notably near Port-Royal, Montparnasse, around the Luxembourg gardens and in the Panthéon/Estrapade/Saint-Jacques neighbourhood. Public transports (Subway, bus, RER express train) nearby. Easy access to Orly, Roissy-Charles de Gaulle and main train stations.
21260	Le salon est spacieux et lumineux. Le canapé est convertible facilement en lit 2 places confortable.  Un coin salon avec table à manger et 4 chaises vous permettront de déguster de bons petits plats. Chambre de taille moyenne avec lit 140x200.	Le salon est spacieux et lumineux. Le canapé est convertible facilement en lit 2 places confortable.  Un coin salon avec table à manger et 4 chaises vous permettront de déguster de bons petits plats. Chambre de taille moyenne avec lit (website hidden) et Internet haut débit.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec un four, un grille-pain, plaques de cuisson, un micro-ondes, une machine Nespresso et ses capsules, et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner et dîner confortablement si vous en avez l'envie.  Une machine à laver si besoin.  Je réponds rapidement aux mails.  Les heures de départ et d'arrivée seront flexibles mais à prévoir à l'avance. Tout près du jardin des plantes, du quartier Latin et de ses nombreux restaurants, du jardin du Luxembourg. Vous serez à 10mn des quais de Seine et Notre Dame.  Pour ceux qui aiment la balade, appartement très central pour visiter Paris à pied, sinon stations Vélib pour les plus sportifs et enfin de nombreuses stations de métros et RER très proches p
21261	Art Studio on the historical Place de la Sorbonne. Full of light with view on the Sorbonne Dome through the glass roof.	"Art Studio on the historical Place de la  Sorbonne. Full of light with view on the Sorbonne Dome through the glass roof.    Art Studio on the historical Place de la Sorbonne. Full of light with view on the Sorbonne Dome through the glass roof. Double extra long size bed (140 cm × 200 cm or 55 in × 79 in) Text or call me if you need anything, I'll come ! La Sorbonne Le Musée Médiéval de Cluny Le Panthéon Le Parc du Luxembourg Le Musée du Sénat Le Quartier Latin La Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris La Sainte-Chapelle Metro station : ""Luxembourg"", ""St Michel-Notre Dame"", ""Cluny la Sorbonne"", ""Odéon"" Bus station : ""Les Écoles"" IMPORTANT: The apartment is on the 4.5th floor, without elevator The bathroom is tiny The cupboards are quite high And of course, everything is provided : brand new white towels and sheets :)"
21262	Its on the ground floor with a courtyard. Ideal location!	Our cozy Central Apartment with shared courtyard is perfect for a romantic getaway for two or a small family traveling with a baby. The apartment is in the latin quarter, one block from the love lock bridge, the seine, and notre dame. Conveniently located near daily fresh markets, metros, buses and city bikes.  The historic church of bernardins is accross the street and offers breathtaking views. For those traveling with baby, a very beautiful French toy store next door offers French music boxes and toys.  The apartment is a 1 bedroom with a small half room off the front that is our sons room. An American kitchen, bathroom, and laundry unit inside. The courtyard is shared with our neighbors who our very nice. But the chair and table outside in which to enjoy your morning coffee is yours to use alone. We We travel quite often for work and play and would like to share our little piece of paris with you.  We have a housecleaner that comes once a week. We do have a cat that stays there and
21263	This charming 1 bedroom appartment full of character has been completely renovated in a style typical of this area, with quality parquet flooring. The decor is classicly tastefull, warm and elegant and with colonial style undertones. Retaining its original wooden beams, the atmosphere is complete for you to enjoy your stay in confort and style. The appartment is bright and sunny due to being on the top floor, but accessed only by the stairs, but lack of lift is compensated by the fabulous view of the magnificant Pantheon and the atmospheric rooftops from your own balcony. The appartment is composed of main room and bedroom. The lounge has quality furnishing: black leather double sofa-bed, large HD television with satelite, elegant designer chairs and a small library at your disposal for those quieter moments. The bedroom has a large comfortable double bed, large hangind wardrobe dressing table and its own HD television. The bathroom, like the rest of the flat is fitted with quality, in	a stunning modern welcoming 1bedroomed flat overviewing the Panthéon! This charming 1 bedroom appartment full of character has been completely renovated in a style typical of this area, with quality parquet flooring. The decor is classicly tastefull, warm and elegant and with colonial style undertones. Retaining its original wooden beams, the atmosphere is complete for you to enjoy your stay in confort and style. The appartment is bright and sunny due to being on the top floor, but accessed only by the stairs, but lack of lift is compensated by the fabulous view of the magnificant Pantheon and the atmospheric rooftops from your own balcony. The appartment is composed of main room and bedroom. The lounge has quality furnishing: black leather double sofa-bed, large HD television with satelite, elegant designer chairs and a small library at your disposal for those quieter moments. The bedroom has a large comfortable double bed, large hangind wardrobe dressing table and its own HD televisi
21264	In the historical center of Paris, it's a perfect place to spend a good time and discover the Parisian charm.Well located in a typic Parisian building, little studio of 22 m2, ground floor well securised (2 digit codes, reinforced door and window). Quiet and charming. WC, shower, kitchen space, 2 person bed and a sofa bed (for a child). Private Wifi (with the  best connexion). TV with many channels and Beinsports. Sound System BOSE. Wash Machine. Only non smokers accepted.	Very well located in the famous latin quarter. 100 m from the metro Censier-Daubenton This studio is full equipped and close to many touristic points. Its the perfect place to spend a good time for a couple in Paris. In the historical center of Paris, it's a perfect place to spend a good time and discover the Parisian charm.Well located in a typic Parisian building, little studio of 22 m2, ground floor well securised (2 digit codes, reinforced door and window). Quiet and charming. WC, shower, kitchen space, 2 person bed and a sofa bed (for a child). Private Wifi (with the  best connexion). TV with many channels and Beinsports. Sound System BOSE. Wash Machine. Only non smokers accepted. Tourist can easily rent velib' (station near the entrance of the bulding). Metro (line 7): -  Eiffel tower : 25 mn - Le Louvre: 10 mn - Le marais (famous area): 5 mn by walking: - Notre Dame de Paris: 15 mn crossing the Quartier Latin - Sorbonne, Panthéon, Luxembourg Garden: 10 mn  - Mouffetard, Jardin d
21265	This charming studio is fully-equipped so that you can have a pleasant stay in Paris. Its location in the Latin Quarter is a major asset as this neighborhood is filled with charm and places to visit. This lovely studio is located on the 6th floor of a typically Parisian building, directly accessible by an elevator. The entrance opens up on the living room which consists of a 140 cm double bed, a fireplace embellished by a mirror on top of it, an armchair, a TV and a table with two chairs. The view from the large windows is particularly pleasant. The kitchenette is separate and the bathroom features a bathtub. The Jardin des Plantes is an invitation to dream and travel: a rose garden with 350 varieties, an alpine garden gathering 2 000 mountain plants, a menagerie reuniting many species. The Arènes de Lutèce as well as the rue Mouffetard, one of the oldest and most touristic streets of Paris, going down the Saint-Geneviève Mountain are places you won’t want to miss out on!	This charming studio is fully-equipped so that you can have a pleasant stay in Paris. Its location in the Latin Quarter is a major asset as this neighborhood is filled with charm and places to visit. This lovely studio is located on the 6th floor of a typically Parisian building, directly accessible by an elevator. The entrance opens up on the living room which consists of a 140 cm double bed, a fireplace embellished by a mirror on top of it, an armchair, a TV and a table with two chairs. The view from the large windows is particularly pleasant. The kitchenette is separate and the bathroom features a bathtub. The Jardin des Plantes is an invitation to dream and travel: a rose garden with 350 varieties, an alpine garden gathering 2 000 mountain plants, a menagerie reuniting many species. The Arènes de Lutèce as well as the rue Mouffetard, one of the oldest and most touristic streets of Paris, going down the Saint-Geneviève Mountain are places you won’t want to miss out on!
21266	Charmant 2 pièces authentique de 38m2 dans un immeuble du 16eme siècle situé au coeur du quartier latin (rue Mouffetard / place contrescarpe) A deux pas du Panthéon, de Saint-Germain et du jardin du Luxembourg, dans une rue piétonne et calme l'appartement est lumineux et très calme. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une petite cuisine et salle de bain indépendante, d'un grand séjour avec un grand canapé convertible et d'une chambre avec un grand lit double.	"Charmant 2 pièces authentique de 38m2 dans un immeuble du 16eme siècle situé au coeur du quartier latin (rue Mouffetard / place contrescarpe) A deux pas du Panthéon, de Saint-Germain et du jardin du Luxembourg. Dans une rue piétonne et calme Charmant 2 pièces authentique de 38m2 dans un immeuble du 16eme siècle situé au coeur du quartier latin (rue Mouffetard / place contrescarpe) A deux pas du Panthéon, de Saint-Germain et du jardin du Luxembourg, dans une rue piétonne et calme l'appartement est lumineux et très calme. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une petite cuisine et salle de bain indépendante, d'un grand séjour avec un grand canapé convertible et d'une chambre avec un grand lit double. Logement entier Le quartier Latin - connu dans le monde entier. Animé le jour comme le soir, il faut se balader dans les petites rues étroites et piétonnes. Beaucoup de restaurants et de boutiques. Metro7 ""place monge"" à 50m Metro10 ""Cardinal Lemoine"" à 100m Equipement: Imac 27p + Wifi Machine à la"
21267	In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in the oldest building in Paris ( 1558 ) close to Notre Dame, beautiful duplex with exposed beams . The 80 square meters apartment offers on the first level a large living room of 50 square meters (chimney, kitchen with barbecue, frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher , washing machine). The rooms and bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ) are located upstairs . A room for 2 persons is available for rent . This charming duplex with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not overlooked , with views of the Place Maubert . It is also very functional, since a subway station (Line 10) , bus (63), cab station, and self-service bicycle ( Velib ) , are on the site. For those who prefer to stroll, a walk on foot will take you a few minutes in all the most visited places in Paris ( Notre Dame : 2 minutes F	This unique duplex of 90 sqm can host 5 persons in two bedrooms. Located in the center of Paris, a few minutes walk from Notre Dame, opposite the Ile Saint Louis! Enjoy its volumes, its brightness, its proximity to public transports and its history. In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in the oldest building in Paris ( 1558 ) close to Notre Dame, beautiful duplex with exposed beams . The 80 square meters apartment offers on the first level a large living room of 50 square meters (chimney, kitchen with barbecue, frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher , washing machine). The rooms and bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ) are located upstairs . A room for 2 persons is available for rent . This charming duplex with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not overlooked , with views of the Place Maubert . It is also very functional, sin
21268		Charming and cosy flat of 32m2, located in the Latin Quarter (5th arrondissement of Paris), close to Jardin des Plantes, Mosquee of Paris and Mouffetard neighbourhood.
21269	This spacious two-room consists of a equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, a living-dining room with a comfortable 2 seater sofa and a bedroom with a mezzanine bed 2 places and 1 child up mid-height bed (90 * 190). Separate toilet. It is very bright. Internet, TV, wifi.... I will be very happy to welcome my guest and explain to them all they need to spend a wonderfull stay in Paris.	Ideally located in one of the oldest streets of Paris (St Jacques, 5th), close to the Val de Grace, latin quarter, 5 min walk from the Panthéon and the Jardin du Luxembourg, this spacious 2 bedroom 48m2 (520 ft2) has every comfort for a perfect stay. This spacious two-room consists of a equipped kitchen, a bathroom with bath, a living-dining room with a comfortable 2 seater sofa and a bedroom with a mezzanine bed 2 places and 1 child up mid-height bed (90 * 190). Separate toilet. It is very bright. Internet, TV, wifi.... I will be very happy to welcome my guest and explain to them all they need to spend a wonderfull stay in Paris. Internet, TV, wifi I will be very happy to welcome my guests and inform that they may turn a wonderful time in Paris. At the top of the Rue Saint Jacques and the Latin Quarter, at the level of the beautiful level Val De Grace church, the apartment is a few minutes walk from the Pantheon, the Luxembourg Garden, the Sorbonne or Mouffetard (instead of the Counte
21270		Confortable studio in the middle of the Latin quarter.  2 sofas, a separate kitchen fully equipped.  50 meters from the Mouffetard street where you will be able to enjoy the market.  Less than 20 minutes by walking from Notre Dame, Luxembourg garden
21271	Standing: This duplex is located on the 5th floor of a seventeenth century building without elevator whose entrance is accessed by security code. The stairs are easy to climb and it will become easier each day when you will realize what kind of spectacular view is waiting for you upstairs ! The windows are double glazed, the apartment will be quiet with windows closed. The windows and the picture window upstairs offer a magnificent view of Notre-Dame, the Seine and even the Eiffel Tower that you can see at a distance.   Layout:  This duplex will accommodate up to four people. Note that this apartment is not suitable for children under 15. You will be immediately captivated by the charm of this place, the Art Deco spirit, with exposed beams, French tile floors, and its eclectic but well organized collection of antiques, paintings, books (in French and in English !) and sculptures and other pieces of art from all over the world. The main floor has a bedroom with a double bed 140x200 and 	 Exceptional view on Notre Dame and the Seine River from this special place overflowing with charm, ideally located in the heart of Paris, suitable for two couples, with two bedrooms and two bathrooms.       Standing: This duplex is located on the 5th floor of a seventeenth century building without elevator whose entrance is accessed by security code. The stairs are easy to climb and it will become easier each day when you will realize what kind of spectacular view is waiting for you upstairs ! The windows are double glazed, the apartment will be quiet with windows closed. The windows and the picture window upstairs offer a magnificent view of Notre-Dame, the Seine and even the Eiffel Tower that you can see at a distance.   Layout:  This duplex will accommodate up to four people. Note that this apartment is not suitable for children under 15. You will be immediately captivated by the charm of this place, the Art Deco spirit, with exposed beams, French tile floors, and its eclectic but 
21272	Studio de 25m2 avec un lit escamotable 1 place et un canapé-lit 2 places, espace lumineux, cuisine équipée à part, salle de bain avec baignoire, chauffage électrique, télévision et wi-fi, fenêtre double-vitrage donnant sur la très vivante rue Mouffetard ! This 25sqm studio located in one historic center of Paris offers stay for 2 (3 pers. max) with a closet-bed for 1, and a sofa-bed for 2. Bright studio; the fully-equiped kitchen is separate from the living room, so is the bathroom with its bathtub. Electric heating, TV and Wi-Fi included. Double-glazed window offers view on one beautiful and living street of Paris !	Venez passer un agréable séjour dans un quartier charmant et animé de la capitale française!  Come spend a special getaway in a lovely and animated district of the French capital! Studio de 25m2 avec un lit escamotable 1 place et un canapé-lit 2 places, espace lumineux, cuisine équipée à part, salle de bain avec baignoire, chauffage électrique, télévision et wi-fi, fenêtre double-vitrage donnant sur la très vivante rue Mouffetard ! This 25sqm studio located in one historic center of Paris offers stay for 2 (3 pers. max) with a closet-bed for 1, and a sofa-bed for 2. Bright studio; the fully-equiped kitchen is separate from the living room, so is the bathroom with its bathtub. Electric heating, TV and Wi-Fi included. Double-glazed window offers view on one beautiful and living street of Paris !
21273	Generous reception room with ample dining space, sleek kitchen with integrated appliances, two stunning bedroom, stylish interiors and wood floors and two contemporary bathrooms.	This contemporary two bedroom split-level apartment and benefits from bright, modern decor, a superb mezzanine-level bedroom and plenty of natural light. Generous reception room with ample dining space, sleek kitchen with integrated appliances, two stunning bedroom, stylish interiors and wood floors and two contemporary bathrooms. Free parking, full kitchen, TV, internet, laptop, heating, dryer, air conditioning and all necessary utilities. Before you book please contact me. I'm not stay in the same apartment with you, the apartment is all yours and no one bathers you. The apartment is located in a quiet area. Minimum 8 minutes to bus station and close to restaurants, shops and pharmacy. The flat is located in a quiet area. Perfect for family and friends.
21274	Hello, I rent my room at 22 street Lacépède 75005 Paris. The apartment of 43m2 with 3 rooms is at the 5th floor, very quiet and bright giving to a small court thus no noise of car.  It is at 1min by foot of the subway Monge (line 7). It is a flatmate with adorable Federico who is teaching architect who occupies the other room. The apartment is completely equipped with telephone, High WIFI internet, all the necessity for cooking, a bathroom (with a small bathtub) and separate WC. The district is very pleasant right in the heart of the 5th district of Paris between the street Mouffetard and the Jardin des plantes.	Newly renovated appartment situated in the heart of historic Paris, the 5th arrondissement.  Tastefully designed and comfortable, this apartment is perfect for a romantic or a familly stay (4 people) on the most charming and typical area of Paris! Hello, I rent my room at 22 street Lacépède 75005 Paris. The apartment of 43m2 with 3 rooms is at the 5th floor, very quiet and bright giving to a small court thus no noise of car.  It is at 1min by foot of the subway Monge (line 7). It is a flatmate with adorable Federico who is teaching architect who occupies the other room. The apartment is completely equipped with telephone, High WIFI internet, all the necessity for cooking, a bathroom (with a small bathtub) and separate WC. The district is very pleasant right in the heart of the 5th district of Paris between the street Mouffetard and the Jardin des plantes.
21275	Old building, historic and picturesque street with all amenities (shops, restaurants, transport, tourist spots). Available some weekends and during school holidays.	Charming duplex with beams in the 4th and 5th floor (no elevator) of an ancient building, overlooking the rooftops in the center of Paris (Latin Quarter), convenient for cultural visits (Notre Dame, Louvre). Weekends and school holidays. Old building, historic and picturesque street with all amenities (shops, restaurants, transport, tourist spots). Available some weekends and during school holidays. A double bedroom, living-room, kitchen, toilet, shower room. mail, telephone Latin Quarter, monuments, cultural life. subway, bus, taxis.
21276		Petit 2 pièces (salon+chambre) propre pour 4 couchages. Tout équipé: plaque, frigo, micro-onde, four, machine à laver, internet, TV. 7ème étage avec ascenseur, bien éclairé, vue sur la tour Eiffel. 7 jrs minimum. Contrat et caution exigés.
21277	The neighborhood : walking distance from Notre Dame, the Jardins du Luxembourg, Hotel de ville, ... quickly by Velib : the Marais, Bastille, Invalides. 	Appartement next to the Sorbonne, Jardins du Luxembourg and the Pantheon : amazing neighborhood, 3 bedrooms, double living room, full amenities. The neighborhood : walking distance from Notre Dame, the Jardins du Luxembourg, Hotel de ville, ... quickly by Velib : the Marais, Bastille, Invalides.  The neighborhood of poets, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon Train : RER B Luxembourg, RER C St Michel, Metro : Odeon Bus : 38, 21, 27 bus
21278	All our guests, be they family, friends or from Airbnb's, are unanimous : there's something special in our flat atmosphere. Just come and make your own judgement.	All our guests, be they family, friends or from Airbnb's, are unanimous : there's something special in our flat atmosphere. Just come and make your own judgement. You may access  BASIC STUFF: - WIFI : our hotspot is called Bbox-9B70F8, the password is FD351416E5 - Main water manifold : it's behind the oven in the kitchen - Natural gas manifold : it's in the closet just at the left of the kitchen door (in the corridor) - Electrical panel is in the closet below the natural gas metering station BATHROOM : 1/ the washing machine (the washing liquid is in the big bottle below the sink);      The machine makes a lot of noise, but don't worry, it's still reliable !      You may hang the linen above the bath. You can unwind the hanging device by pulling on the green string. 2/ The exhaust fan can be turned on manually by pushing the button above the washbasin. Just push the button the other way to turn it off. The fan will  ventilate the room for 5 more minutes.  3/ Towels are available in the
21279	We are proud to present you through this website our “Notre Dame Paris Flat” charming apartment with stunning views and a 360° terrace to be rented on a daily and a weekly basis You will enjoy at the 6th floor of a 16th century stone building, a suite of 50m2 (more than 500ft2) of surface for 2 to 4 pers. Above the suite, on the roof top, accessible with interior stairway, you will find a fantastic terrace of 30m2 (more tha 300 ft2) with stunning view at 360° above Paris, where you can take your breakfast and lunch, or have a drink and diner with you friends, enjoying the view over Notre Dame Cathedral day and night (see photos below and in the Gallery) The apartment is situated just at the boundary of Quartier Latin and Saint Germain des Près, the oldest and nicest living places in Paris, where students, artists and tourists meet.   The street where your apartment is located (see situation) is animated day and night as many tourists goes through for Museum and food (but after midnight	We are proud to present you through this website our “Notre Dame Paris Flat” charming apartment with stunning views and a 360° terrace to be rented on a daily and a weekly basis You will enjoy at the 6th floor of a 16th century stone building, a suite of 50m2 (more than 500ft2) of surface for 2 to 4 pers. Above the suite, on the roof top, accessible with interior stairway, you will find a fantastic terrace of 30m2 (more tha 300 ft2) with stunning view at 360° above Paris, where you can take your breakfast and lunch, or have a drink and diner with you friends, enjoying the view over Notre Dame Cathedral day and night (see photos below and in the Gallery) The apartment is situated just at the boundary of Quartier Latin and Saint Germain des Près, the oldest and nicest living places in Paris, where students, artists and tourists meet.   The street where your apartment is located (see situation) is animated day and night as many tourists goes through for Museum and food (but after midnight
21280	A private garden right in the center of Paris !	Enjoy the luxury of an apartment that opens into a quiet garden in a vibrant neighborhood. Southern exposure 4 rooms apartment on private garden : 3 bedrooms + living room with sofa-bed, dining area, kitchen fully equipped, bathroom with washing machine and dryer, two toilets, Internet. baby bed on request A private garden right in the center of Paris !
21281	Located in the 5th district , between the Pantheon, the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens.	Studio close to the Pantheon , located on the ground floor . 23 m2 room with mezzanine. Equipped kitchen , bathroom . Can accommodate 3 people . Very well located near the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens . Located in the 5th district , between the Pantheon, the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens. Boulevard Saint Germains , Boulevard Saint Michel , Rue Saint Jacques , Rue de Renne , Rue Mouffetard , the Sorbonne, the Odeon Theatre, The Senate, Arenes de Lutece , Ile de la Cite ( Notre Dame Cathedral ) , the Jardin des Plantes and the Luxembourg Gardens . All these places are within a quarter hour walk . Latin Quarter, very touristy , numerous shops ( including book ) and very close trade. Very well located in terms of transportation, allowing to move easily around Paris . And even without transport it's location allows to visit at foot ( and quickly ) places such as seine bay, the island of the city, two beautiful garden : namely the Luxembourg Gardens and the Jardin des Plantes. V
21282	Situé dans un beau quartier, l'appartement est calme, idéal pour un couple	Two rooms on the 5th floor with balcony, seen on court and on street, ideal for a couple. Situated in a very alive district, many restaurants, bars and tourist places. Situé dans un beau quartier, l'appartement est calme, idéal pour un couple Accès à la cuisine, aliments de base fournis (épices sel poivre lait café thé) Serviettes et draps propres fournis Nous pouvons échanger par mail, par téléphone, et à l'arrivée Quartier vivant et agréable. Nombreux restaurants, bars, marché le dimanche matin. Lieux touristiques proches: Jardin des plantes, Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle, Grande Mosquée de Paris, Notre Dame, Pantheon... Ligne 7 métro Station Place Monge Lingne 10 métro Station Cardinal Lemoine Ligne bus 47 arrêt Place Monge  L'appartement n'est pas adapté à des enfants en bas âge (produits ménagers pouvant être dangereux facilement accessibles) 5e étage sans ascenseur à prendre en compte
21283	STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building equipped with a lift. The building access is secured by a gate with a magnetic key and an intercom. The studio has a balcony overlooking a courtyard with a tree. It is quiet and bright. LAYOUT This 25sqm studio is beautiful, it has been entirely renewed by an architect in order to optimize the space. The main room is equipped with a double bed (140x200) and a desk. The large windows open on a 3sqm balcony that has a long chair, perfect to read and breathe the fresh air ! It has a lovely view on the trees of the courtyard and the buildings on the back. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the wardrobe/shelves located in the entrance corridor. The fitted kitchen made-to-measure has sliding panels, perfect if you do not want to see the kitchen. The bathroom is sumptuous, it is accessible from the entrance hall. It features a beautiful Italian-style walk-in shower, a washbasin and the toilets. This great studio is perfect 	Contemporary studio to rent in the 5th district in the famous Monge Street. Bright, quiet and comfortable ! STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building equipped with a lift. The building access is secured by a gate with a magnetic key and an intercom. The studio has a balcony overlooking a courtyard with a tree. It is quiet and bright. LAYOUT This 25sqm studio is beautiful, it has been entirely renewed by an architect in order to optimize the space. The main room is equipped with a double bed (140x200) and a desk. The large windows open on a 3sqm balcony that has a long chair, perfect to read and breathe the fresh air ! It has a lovely view on the trees of the courtyard and the buildings on the back. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the wardrobe/shelves located in the entrance corridor. The fitted kitchen made-to-measure has sliding panels, perfect if you do not want to see the kitchen. The bathroom is sumptuous, it is accessible from the entrance hall. It f
21284	Il est situé en plein coeur de Paris avec une exposition plein sud sans vis à vis. Avec un petit balcon côté cours.	2Pièces 50m2 refait à neuf, accueillant, chaleureux et typique situé dans le coeur de Paris. Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes et est très central, à 20min à pied de Notre Dame de Paris. Profitez de sa cuisine equipée, de sa proximité du métro et de son petit marché parisien. Il est situé en plein coeur de Paris avec une exposition plein sud sans vis à vis. Avec un petit balcon côté cours. Metro ligne 7  ( à 2 minutes à pied) et metro ligne 10 à proximité (à 12minutes a pied). Bus 47 Je reste à votre disposition pour vous conseiller, vous guider ou vous accompagner pour découvrir cette magnifique capitale française.  Lieu à proximité :  Jardin des plantes. Ménagère du jardin des plantes (ptit Zoo) Rue moufetard Arènes de Lutèce  Place Monge Mosquée de Paris Musée national d'histoire naturelle Jardin du Luxembourg Panthéon Et de nombreux commerces de proximité et de bons restaurants. Il est au coeur de Paris tout en étant au calme, sans vis à vis et possède une exposition plein sud ce qui 
21285	Enjoy a coffee or glass of wine in your own balcony with view to charming Contrescarpe square! The apartment has an open equipped kitchen, with microwave oven, fridge and a nice dining area with an extending table. Double bedroom with direct access to balcony.   Luminous living room with 2 access to the balcony and a sofa-bed that accommodates comfortably 2 more people.  Unlimited Wi-Fi. Flat screen TV, with satellite. International channels are available. Washing machine is at your disposal too. Bathroom with shower and separated WC. Linen and towels are provided. The apartment is in the second floor, easy to reach even without elevator.  This is a charming haussmannien building, that will make you feel the real Parisian mood... Welcome ! 	Enjoy your own balcony!  Cozy totally renewed apt. at Latin Quarter. Walk to Seine River, Notre Dame, coffees, restaurants, supermarkets & shops. Public Rental Bikes at just few steps. 3 min walking to metros. Up to 4 guests. 5th arrondissement. Enjoy a coffee or glass of wine in your own balcony with view to charming Contrescarpe square! The apartment has an open equipped kitchen, with microwave oven, fridge and a nice dining area with an extending table. Double bedroom with direct access to balcony.   Luminous living room with 2 access to the balcony and a sofa-bed that accommodates comfortably 2 more people.  Unlimited Wi-Fi. Flat screen TV, with satellite. International channels are available. Washing machine is at your disposal too. Bathroom with shower and separated WC. Linen and towels are provided. The apartment is in the second floor, easy to reach even without elevator.  This is a charming haussmannien building, that will make you feel the real Parisian mood... Welcome ! We a
21286	Studio de 25 m 2 loué par un sympathique étudiant de 24 ans. La situation du studio permet à ses visiteurs de se déplacer partout dans Paris en un clin d' oeuil. En plein centre du quartier latin, quartier étudiant de Paris, le studio est situé dans une zone animée , à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard et à 5 minutes du Panthéon. 	25 m 2 flat. you will be able to go anywhere around Paris very quickly. It is in the heart of student area of Paris. Flat is fully furnished.  Bathroom recently renovated.  Kitchen includes anything you need to cook  Large living room Studio de 25 m 2 loué par un sympathique étudiant de 24 ans. La situation du studio permet à ses visiteurs de se déplacer partout dans Paris en un clin d' oeuil. En plein centre du quartier latin, quartier étudiant de Paris, le studio est situé dans une zone animée , à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard et à 5 minutes du Panthéon. Studio de 25 m 2 loué par un sympathique étudiant de 24 ans. La situation du studio permet à ses visiteurs de se déplacer partout dans Paris en un clin d' oeuil. En plein centre du quartier latin, quartier étudiant de Paris, le studio est situé dans une zone animée , à deux pas de la rue Mouffetard et à 5 minutes du Panthéon. Messages La rue Mouffetard est une voie du 5e arrondissement de Paris. Il s'agit d'une des rues les plus anci
21287	"Our apartment is located Boulevard Saint-Michel 75005 Paris. The entrance is in front of the ""Jardins du Luxembourg"". It is an authentical ""haussmanien"" flat with 6 fireplaces (one in each room, moldings and parquet floor everywhere, yet furbished in a contemporary and designed way). It has a 4 bedrooms with bunk beds in the kids' rooms. The kids bedroom can accomodate more people if necessary : additionnal futons (sleeps 2) if needed, so the apartment can sleeps 9 comfortably. There are two large bathrooms and a half, an eat-in kitchen newly refurbished, with a cooking ""piano"" SMEG. Large windows everywhere. The living areas (living room and dining room) are spacious. All rooms are very sunny and quiet. The building is overlooking a small and nice yard. 1st bedroom: queensize bed 2nd bedroom: bunkbeds + Futon (sleeps 2) 3rd bedroom: kid single bed 4th bedroom:"	"The area is absolutely fantastic! One of the best of Paris (the best in our opinion!) When you go out the building, you will face the entrance of the Luxembourg Gardens (where is the palais du Luxembourg). You are between the ""Panthéon"" and the unive Our apartment is located Boulevard Saint-Michel 75005 Paris. The entrance is in front of the ""Jardins du Luxembourg"". It is an authentical ""haussmanien"" flat with 6 fireplaces (one in each room, moldings and parquet floor everywhere, yet furbished in a contemporary and designed way). It has a 4 bedrooms with bunk beds in the kids' rooms. The kids bedroom can accomodate more people if necessary : additionnal futons (sleeps 2) if needed, so the apartment can sleeps 9 comfortably. There are two large bathrooms and a half, an eat-in kitchen newly refurbished, with a cooking ""piano"" SMEG. Large windows everywhere. The living areas (living room and dining room) are spacious. All rooms are very sunny and quiet. The building is overlooking a small"
21288	Loft en plein coeur du quartier latin, au calme au fond d'une cour, dans un des quartier les plus animés de Paris. Il dispose d'un lit double sur la mezzanine (hauteur 1,40 m) ainsi que d'un confortable sofa (1 x 2 mètres) dans la grande pièce avec éclairage zénithal par 2 Velux. La salle de bain est petite, mais très fonctionnelle avec une grande cabine de douche.	OASIS DE CALME au coeur de Paris historique Neuf. Grande pièce principale éclairage zénithal. Partie nuit sur grande mezzanine (H 1,30 m). Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain. Notre-Dame, Louvre, Luxembourg, Sorbonne... Accès métro aéroports 2 minutes Loft en plein coeur du quartier latin, au calme au fond d'une cour, dans un des quartier les plus animés de Paris. Il dispose d'un lit double sur la mezzanine (hauteur 1,40 m) ainsi que d'un confortable sofa (1 x 2 mètres) dans la grande pièce avec éclairage zénithal par 2 Velux. La salle de bain est petite, mais très fonctionnelle avec une grande cabine de douche. Le métro est à 1 minute.L'accès est direct de l'aéoport Charles de Gaulle à 1/2 heure. Ma famille et moi restons disponibles pour toutes les questions et suggestions d'endroits que nous aimons... Une location idéale: Le Boulevard Saint-Germain et les Quais de Seine sont à 50 mètres. Notre Dame et l'Ile de la Cité à 2 minutes. Versailles, la Tour Eiffel, le Louvre, le musée d'Orsay..
21289	In the middle of Saint Michel, this duplex is very quiet in spite of the agitation of the district. The flat is on the 3rd floor (without elevator) of a typical Middle Ages building and can welcome until 4 persons.	Very calm duplex in the pedestrian streets of Saint-Michel. Cross the bridge and you're in Notre Dame! The flat, located on the 3nd floor, is composed by an open kitchen on the living room (with convertible sofa) , a double bed room, a bathroom/WC.  In the middle of Saint Michel, this duplex is very quiet in spite of the agitation of the district. The flat is on the 3rd floor (without elevator) of a typical Middle Ages building and can welcome until 4 persons. The apartment is equipped with WIFI, television, and phone. In the kitchen you have a hoven/micro-onde, a washing-machine, a wash-dishes, a coffee machine and a keetle. In the bath room, there is a hairdryer. The flat is 100% available because we live in another place. But I will welcome you with pleasure on your arrival! The disctrict is very charming because very tipical with pedonal streets, restaurant, bars, just in the mliddle of Saint Michel and close to Saint Germain des Prés. Métro 4 Saint Michel Métro 10: Cluny La Sorbon
21290	Spacious room for rent in a cozy two-bedroom flat ideally located in the middle of the Latin Quarter. The room is perfect for two people with a king-size bed on the inner courtyard side of a bright two-bedroom flat (approx. 60m²). You'll have access to the entire appartment (except to my room), meaning to a fully equiped living room (TV, couch, armchair, chairs), kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine) and bathroom (towels, soap, shampoo). I'll also be here to provide you with bed sheets and any piece of advice you could need to enjoy the quarter. The flat is not far from significant Parisian monuments (Notre-Dame, the Panthéon or the Arab Word Institute are only a ten-minute walk away), parks (the Arènes de Lutèce are two steps from the flat, the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes are ten minutes away) very well-served by public transport (two-minute walk to the Métro lines 7 and 10, multiple bus lines and a taxi-station in Place Monge) and close to all kinds of shops,	Spacious room for rent in a cozy (c'est presque un mensonge) two-bedroom flat ideally located in the middle of the Latin Quarter. The room is perfect for two people with a king-size bed on the inner courtyard side of a bright two-bedroom flat (appro Spacious room for rent in a cozy two-bedroom flat ideally located in the middle of the Latin Quarter. The room is perfect for two people with a king-size bed on the inner courtyard side of a bright two-bedroom flat (approx. 60m²). You'll have access to the entire appartment (except to my room), meaning to a fully equiped living room (TV, couch, armchair, chairs), kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine) and bathroom (towels, soap, shampoo). I'll also be here to provide you with bed sheets and any piece of advice you could need to enjoy the quarter. The flat is not far from significant Parisian monuments (Notre-Dame, the Panthéon or the Arab Word Institute are only a ten-minute walk away), parks (the Arènes de Lutèce are two steps from the
21291	 Loft atypique de 145m2, offrant une très grand espace à vivre, avec collection de meubles de designers.	Situé derrière les Jardin de Lutèce, à deux pas du Panthéon. Surface de 145m2 avec un grand espace de vie très confortable, une grande salle de bains avec douche et baignoire, cuisine équipée, niveau avec une bureau et une chambre + petit lit . Loft atypique de 145m2, offrant une très grand espace à vivre, avec collection de meubles de designers. Accès à tout le logement sauf une pièce atelier privé de 15m2. Toutes informations sur le quartier et les lieux à visiter. Situation dans le 5ème, à proximité de nombreux monuments historiques: Notre Dame, le Panthéon, les Arènes de Lutèce, l'Institut du Monde Arabe, le Jardin des Plantes, etc... Deux stations de métro au bout de la rue: Jussieu d'un côté et Cardinal Lemoine de l'autre. Bus et taxis sur la Rue Monge. Un lit d'appoint sera installé pour une personne dans la pièce à vivre.
21292	"Welcome to a little piece of heaven in the very heart of Paris.  After 8 years living in the city of light, my husband Matteo and I found our dream home in the Parisian 5th arrondissement, within a late-19th-century haussmanian building in perfect state. We are renting a typical Parisian studio, or  ""Chambre de bonne"", just above our appartment but with total independence.  While being at walking distance of many of the main Parisian landmarks (Notre Dame, Le Marais, Panthéon, Luxembourg Gardens, Hotel de Ville...) the studio is placed in the area of the Latin Quarter where Parisians live. We are absolutely in love with our neighbourhood and if on top of your sightseeing, you are looking for a true local experience we will love to help you discover its delights: The local baker where you can buy warm bread all day, the artisan cheese shops, Jean's wine cave, tons of nice non-touristy restaurants with great food,  one of the oldest local markets at Place Maubert three times per week, an"	"Welcome to a little piece of heaven in the very heart of Paris.  After 8 years living in the city of light, my husband Matteo and I found our dream home in the Parisian 5th arrondissement, within a late-19th-century haussmanian building in perfect state. We are renting a typical Parisian studio, or  ""Chambre de bonne"", just above our appartment but with total independence.  While being at walking distance of many of the main Parisian landmarks (Notre Dame, Le Marais, Panthéon, Luxembourg Gardens, Hotel de Ville...) the studio is placed in the area of the Latin Quarter where Parisians live. We are absolutely in love with our neighbourhood and if on top of your sightseeing, you are looking for a true local experience we will love to help you discover its delights: The local baker where you can buy warm bread all day, the artisan cheese shops, Jean's wine cave, tons of nice non-touristy restaurants with great food,  one of the oldest local markets at Place Maubert three times per week, an"
21293	In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in a charming building with elevator of 1870 close to Luxembourg garden, beautiful studio with BALCONY. The flat offers a large living room, a kitchen with frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher). The bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ). This charming studio with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not overlooked , with views of Val de Grace from the balcony . It is also very functional, since a subway station (RER B) , bus (21-27), cab station, and self-service bicycle ( Velib ) , are on the site. For those who prefer to stroll, a walk on foot will take you a few minutes in all the most visited places in Paris ( Notre Dame : 8 minutes Feet, Pantheon: 4 minutes, Luxembourg garden: 3 minutes ). The shops are numerous: supermarkets at 2 minutes, a large market on Tuesdays, Thursdays , and Sat	This unique flat with BALCONY can host two persons. It is located in the center of Paris, a few minutes walk from Luxembourg Garden, Notre Dame, opposite the Ile Saint Louis! Enjoy its volume, its brightness and its proximity to public transports (bus 21, bus 27, and RER B) It is 25 square meters with a balcony that offers a view of beautiful monuments of Paris such as Val de Grace. You can as well see a part of the Eiffel Tower if you look carefully!  I will provide you with tips on my city In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in a charming building with elevator of 1870 close to Luxembourg garden, beautiful studio with BALCONY. The flat offers a large living room, a kitchen with frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher). The bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ). This charming studio with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not 
21294	Ideally located in the very center of the famous Quartier Latin, the studio is composed of three separate rooms : - the entrance, with a fully equipped kitchen corner - the main room, with a one person bed and a convertible chair on which you can sleep, a coffee table and a desk - the bathroom, with a king size shower, a washstand and the toilets The south-oriented windows give onto a small street with very little traffic and let in a lot light, given that the appartement is on the fourth floor (no elevator).	Cosy appartement for one, right next to the Pantheon, near the Notre Dame cathedral, fully equipped and recently renovated, filled with light and fresh air ! Ideally located in the very center of the famous Quartier Latin, the studio is composed of three separate rooms : - the entrance, with a fully equipped kitchen corner - the main room, with a one person bed and a convertible chair on which you can sleep, a coffee table and a desk - the bathroom, with a king size shower, a washstand and the toilets The south-oriented windows give onto a small street with very little traffic and let in a lot light, given that the appartement is on the fourth floor (no elevator). You have access to everything, and can even take a look at my books, only if you promise to take care of them. The (paying) washing house is outside the building. It faces the entrance, on the other side of the street. I will most certainly welcome you on your arrival, show you how everything works and tell you all there is t
21295	On court yard, apartment with intermediate floor very sunlight. 4 pax max, one bathroom with shower, internet wifi Ground floor. Very Safe building Adress is RUE HENRI BARBUSSE, 75005 PARIS at walking distance of Parc du Luxembourg, Panthéon Church. It's 45  M2 LARGE with an intermediate floor on the ground floor   with an intermediate floor where the 2.5 meter high under the celling with 1 large room , separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette.  The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance -washing machin, coffee machine, stove, oven, kettle,  4 sleeping possible with The bedroom is on the  intermediate floor with an extra large of 160 cm, and in the living room : the sofa bed move into a right bed with extra mattless of 160 cm.  Very quiet with metro PORT ROYAL at 100 meters, Bus number 38 : 5 minutes for SAINT Michel square. Furniture : Internet TV with 200 channels. 3 burner stove with gaz Micro wave oven Coffes machin with filter Electric kettle Toaster Cooker hood Small	In a safe building, down on a court yard with flowers , Artist loft apartment for 4 with intermediate floor. On court yard, apartment with intermediate floor very sunlight. 4 pax max, one bathroom with shower, internet wifi Ground floor. Very Safe building Adress is RUE HENRI BARBUSSE, 75005 PARIS at walking distance of Parc du Luxembourg, Panthéon Church. It's 45  M2 LARGE with an intermediate floor on the ground floor   with an intermediate floor where the 2.5 meter high under the celling with 1 large room , separate kitchen, bathroom and toilette.  The kitchen is furnihed with all new household appliance -washing machin, coffee machine, stove, oven, kettle,  4 sleeping possible with The bedroom is on the  intermediate floor with an extra large of 160 cm, and in the living room : the sofa bed move into a right bed with extra mattless of 160 cm.  Very quiet with metro PORT ROYAL at 100 meters, Bus number 38 : 5 minutes for SAINT Michel square. Furniture : Internet TV with 200 channels
21296	This comfortable 36 m² apartment is located on Rue Malebranche, in a prestigious section of Paris 5th district. This large furnished studio rental can accommodate up to 4 people. This bright and peaceful apartment is located on the 1 floor (no lift). It is also equipt with all you need to make you feel right at home including Vacuum cleaner, Cable, Iron, Internet included, Washing machine, Linen, table linens, dish towels, armored door, WIFI, etc. The apartment is accessible by Paris public transportation (Luxembourg/RER B), and nearby you can find many businesses and services (like a Bakery, Bar, Internet cafe, grocery store, Newsstand, laundromat, etc.).	"Furnished studio with alcove settled rue Malebranche in the fith district very closed from Pantheon, Luxembourg and Sorbonne. Perfect for a couple ou a 4 persons family. This comfortable 36 m² apartment is located on Rue Malebranche, in a prestigious section of Paris 5th district. This large furnished studio rental can accommodate up to 4 people. This bright and peaceful apartment is located on the 1 floor (no lift). It is also equipt with all you need to make you feel right at home including Vacuum cleaner, Cable, Iron, Internet included, Washing machine, Linen, table linens, dish towels, armored door, WIFI, etc. The apartment is accessible by Paris public transportation (Luxembourg/RER B), and nearby you can find many businesses and services (like a Bakery, Bar, Internet cafe, grocery store, Newsstand, laundromat, etc.). Settled at 50 meters from Luxembourg Park, Sorbonne and Panthéon.  In the center of the ""quartier Latin"" "
21297	Kitchen: Fully equipped & integrated into the living room with oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee pot, a washing machine, electric hobs and fridge.  Sleeping area consists of: - 1 * Living room: 1 king size double sofa bed - 1 * Master bedroom: 2 single beds (90 cm wide by 190 cm long) or 1 king size bed (2 single beds reunited) Please let us know in advance what bedroom set up you prefer (2 singles or 1 double) so we can plan accordingly before your arrival Amenities: WIFI internet connection, flat-screen TV and unlimited free phone calls to foreign land lines (more than 128 countries) are available	Lovely central apartment for 4 people in the most picturesque area of Paris famous for its very particular atmosphere Close to all major historical sites, you will fall in love with this area which has been home to so many artists & philosophers Kitchen: Fully equipped & integrated into the living room with oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee pot, a washing machine, electric hobs and fridge.  Sleeping area consists of: - 1 * Living room: 1 king size double sofa bed - 1 * Master bedroom: 2 single beds (90 cm wide by 190 cm long) or 1 king size bed (2 single beds reunited) Please let us know in advance what bedroom set up you prefer (2 singles or 1 double) so we can plan accordingly before your arrival Amenities: WIFI internet connection, flat-screen TV and unlimited free phone calls to foreign land lines (more than 128 countries) are available The property manager will greet you on arrival, explain how to use the different amenities and what to know in the area Rue Mouffetard i
21298	"The space is in the best area of the best city in the world.  A very nice kitchen and bathroom, cozy living room with three  windows on the rue Monge. -see photos High speed internet, washing machine, 4th floor, south exposed windows (SUN from 11am to 8pm) Its a perfect area, with lots of bars, restaurant, historical places, museums ..  Very easy since metro Place Monge is 1 minute from the apt. Supermarket 7/7 1m downstairs, 2 tabacco stores, filled with brasseries and night bars, all night flower shop (with an actual old parisian woman selling, we call her ""mami"")  the best para-pharmacy for beauty products in town is in Place Monge, 1 min from the apt. - Notre Dame is at the end of the street - Jardin des Plantes, the zoo, the tropical gardens, the Musée de l'histoire naturelle  and the mosk of Paris are around the corner, as well as the Pantheon and the Jardins du Luxembourg."	"Shared but completely indipendent. Very cozy and unique apartment in the heart of Paris, really well located in the traditional latin quarter. Fully equipped, wifi, very bright and clean. All comforts and friendly atmosphere. #readthereviews:) The space is in the best area of the best city in the world.  A very nice kitchen and bathroom, cozy living room with three  windows on the rue Monge. -see photos High speed internet, washing machine, 4th floor, south exposed windows (SUN from 11am to 8pm) Its a perfect area, with lots of bars, restaurant, historical places, museums ..  Very easy since metro Place Monge is 1 minute from the apt. Supermarket 7/7 1m downstairs, 2 tabacco stores, filled with brasseries and night bars, all night flower shop (with an actual old parisian woman selling, we call her ""mami"")  the best para-pharmacy for beauty products in town is in Place Monge, 1 min from the apt. - Notre Dame is at the end of the street - Jardin des Plantes, the zoo, the tropical gardens"
21299	60m² apartment located in the historical latin quarter. Nestled between Notre Dame, la Sorbonne and the Pantheon, this apartment has been entirely redesigned by interior architects. The first floor has one bedroom and a bathroom, the second floor is the living room/kitchen area and the mezzanine (above the living area) has one double mattress.  Fully equipped small kitchen, dishwasher and washing machine. The apartment is situated on the third and top floor of the building without an elevator access. Its practical location in the heart of Paris and its very close proximity with two métro locations make it an ideal place to stay for those who want to discover Paris.  	60m² apartment located in the historical latin quarter. Nestled between Notre Dame, la Sorbonne and the Pantheon, this apartment has been entirely redesigned by interior architects. The first floor has one bedroom and a bathroom, the second floor is the living room/kitchen area and the mezzanine (above the living area) has one double mattress.  Fully equipped small kitchen, dishwasher and washing machine. The apartment is situated on the third and top floor of the building without an elevator access. Its practical location in the heart of Paris and its very close proximity with two métro locations make it an ideal place to stay for those who want to discover Paris.  
