3900		S
3901	View on courtyard, located 150m (3min) from the Métro station JOURDAIN o PYRENEES on line 11 ,Public swimming-pool at 400m, an authentic district in the center east of Paris, just few minutes to the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Pigalle, 10 minutes to Marais, Place de l’Opéra, Place de la Bastille, Place de la Republique. The apartment is in a building secured with entry code, for a Maximum of 5 adults or 3 adults and 2 childrens. Spacious of 95 m2 , very sunny and quiet because oriented Sud-West on courtyard . Open Kitchen and bathroom are fully equiped (washing-machine, freezer fridge, Iron, Nespresso) a main room with one double bed + shower and, two beds in a second bedroom and a single bed in the thirth bedroom. A dining area is furnished with a big table. . Parc de Belleville 5 min - Parc Buttes Chaumonts 3 min  Additionnals Prices: 80€ for cleaning - 200€ guaranty depot returned to Check out by Airbnb Transports On Metro Line 11 , Jourdain or Pyrènées Station. The apartment is at 3 	Sunny nice great apartment - At 10 min from Châtelet and 5 min from two parisians bigger parks: Butte Chaumont an Belleville Parc. Wifi and cable TV included ! View on courtyard, located 150m (3min) from the Métro station JOURDAIN o PYRENEES on line 11 ,Public swimming-pool at 400m, an authentic district in the center east of Paris, just few minutes to the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Pigalle, 10 minutes to Marais, Place de l’Opéra, Place de la Bastille, Place de la Republique. The apartment is in a building secured with entry code, for a Maximum of 5 adults or 3 adults and 2 childrens. Spacious of 95 m2 , very sunny and quiet because oriented Sud-West on courtyard . Open Kitchen and bathroom are fully equiped (washing-machine, freezer fridge, Iron, Nespresso) a main room with one double bed + shower and, two beds in a second bedroom and a single bed in the thirth bedroom. A dining area is furnished with a big table. . Parc de Belleville 5 min - Parc Buttes Chaumonts 3 min  Additionnals P
3902	Bel appartement des année 30 refait recement, offrant un coin salon ouvert sur une cuisine équipée Pouvant accueillir 2 voyageurs souhaitant découvrir ce beau quartier et cette magnifique ville, vous résiderez dans une belle et spacieuse chambre donnant sur une petite cour intérieur. Pour ma part, je dormirai sur le canapé lit, je travaille la journée.	Appartement très calme (47 m2) situé dans le beau quartier du 19 ème à Paris, tout proche du parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Bel appartement des année 30 refait recement, offrant un coin salon ouvert sur une cuisine équipée Pouvant accueillir 2 voyageurs souhaitant découvrir ce beau quartier et cette magnifique ville, vous résiderez dans une belle et spacieuse chambre donnant sur une petite cour intérieur. Pour ma part, je dormirai sur le canapé lit, je travaille la journée. Nous vous proposons un accès :  -  internet WIFI ainsi qu'à la TV avec les chaînes internationales - salle de bain : douche propre ! - WC indépendant - une grande chambre avec bureau Le quartier est très commercant, vous trouverez un boucher, un primeur, un boulanger ... à moins de 2 min à pied. Comme expliqué dans les photos vous pourrez également vous rendre très facilement au Canal Saint Martin, pour manger au restaurant sur les rives, ou vous ballader dans les buttes chaumont pour admirer une des plus belles vues de 
3903	1 Room to rent in a modern luxury big house with small garden, in the arty & lively neighborhood of Belleville (Paris, 19th).  100m from the metro station Belleville, wonderful house, built by french architect, has a quiet courtyard with a beautiful garden and small terrasse, where you can have every morning a breakfast (or lunch/diner). The contrast to the lively neighborhood on the street, house is very calm you woke up by hearing the birds as if you are in a countryside... You can really enjoy peaceful moment after visiting the city during the day. 	Rooms for rent in large contemporary architect-designed house with small garden in Belleville - Buttes Chaumont - Paris 19th arrondissement. 1 Room to rent in a modern luxury big house with small garden, in the arty & lively neighborhood of Belleville (Paris, 19th).  100m from the metro station Belleville, wonderful house, built by french architect, has a quiet courtyard with a beautiful garden and small terrasse, where you can have every morning a breakfast (or lunch/diner). The contrast to the lively neighborhood on the street, house is very calm you woke up by hearing the birds as if you are in a countryside... You can really enjoy peaceful moment after visiting the city during the day. 2 mins from Belleville metro station (line 2&11) 2 mins from Pyrenees metro station (11) We welcome you with ease in a friendly and relax atmosphere in our house. We will also advise you places to visit, nice restaurants, we will give you tips about the city and the neighborhood! Our aim is to make y
3904		Flat of 88m2, 9th floor with elevator, there are 3 others roommates, a big living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a balcony whit a table to eat if you want. Good localisation (for Châtelet : only 20min leaving the apartment with subway line 11) The others roommates speak french, english, spanish and italian. Very peaceful. 10min walking to Buttes Chaumont Park. There are a lot  supermarket, restaurants. Big market in the place 3 days / week. Subway(Metro) Place des fêtes L11 et 7BIS, Tramway T3b, BUS 48 et 60.
3905		 Located 5 minutes from the Park Buttes Chaumont 
3906	- Belle chambre de 17 m2 situé a l'étage de l'appartement.  - Indépendante et calme.   - Bel appartement de 100 m2 en duplex a Paris dans le 19e sur le quai de seine ! - 6eme et dernier étage. - Immeuble parfaitement entretenu.  - L'appartement est tenu avec soins et propreté. - Accès immédiat au canal  sur le Quai de Seine ! - Proche Parc des buttes Chaumont, et des Cinémas  (MK2 Quai de Seine / Quai de Loire). ----------------------------------------------------------- - Nice room(17 m2) at the top of the flat. - Independant and quiet.  - In large duplex apartment (100 m2) located in Paris in the 19e arrondissement .sur les quais de seine. - 6th and last floor.  - Maintained Building.  - Held flat with care and cleanliness. - Instant access to the channel (Quai de seine)  Charming in the summer ! - Near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, and movie theaters. 	Belle chambre de 17 m2 situé a l'étage de l'appartement. Un balcon très agréable et spacieux ou l'on peut  prendre son petit -déjeuner et déjeuner en été. Dans très bel appartement de 100 m2 en duplex a Paris ds le 19e arrondissement. - Belle chambre de 17 m2 situé a l'étage de l'appartement.  - Indépendante et calme.   - Bel appartement de 100 m2 en duplex a Paris dans le 19e sur le quai de seine ! - 6eme et dernier étage. - Immeuble parfaitement entretenu.  - L'appartement est tenu avec soins et propreté. - Accès immédiat au canal  sur le Quai de Seine ! - Proche Parc des buttes Chaumont, et des Cinémas  (MK2 Quai de Seine / Quai de Loire). ----------------------------------------------------------- - Nice room(17 m2) at the top of the flat. - Independant and quiet.  - In large duplex apartment (100 m2) located in Paris in the 19e arrondissement .sur les quais de seine. - 6th and last floor.  - Maintained Building.  - Held flat with care and cleanliness. - Instant access to the chann
3907	Proximité des Buttes-Chaumont, très proche transport, chambre indépendante, calme	Bonjour, je suis proprio d'un beau F3, au pied de la butte-chaumont, dans le 19ème arrondissement de paris. Je loue une chambre pour une personne ou un couple. Je vis dans cet  appartement. j'aime et j'ai l'habitude d’accueillir des personnes. A bientôt! Proximité des Buttes-Chaumont, très proche transport, chambre indépendante, calme 
3908		Chambre avec grand lit double, salon avec canapé convertible 2 places, salle de bains avec baignoire, cuisine équipée.
3909		Parfait pour vos séjours parisiens en famille ou entre amis, au pied du métro Pyrénées, ligne directe au centre de Paris. Idéal 4 à 6 personnes, 3 chambres dont 1 parentale, spacieux et lumineux, vue sur Paris, à 2 pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont.
3910	a luminous flat, very cosy and comfortable. With the métro line 7 around the corner you'll be able to reach the musée du Louvre very easily and other famous places in the capital.	"I love my area where you can find so many nice restaurants and bars. Situated next to the canal de l'Ourcq and the parc de la Villette, a beautiful and cultural area (with the new philarmonie of Paris for those who love classical music). a luminous flat, very cosy and comfortable. With the métro line 7 around the corner you'll be able to reach the musée du Louvre very easily and other famous places in the capital. I will leave the whole flat, that is the 2 bedrooms, one with a double bed, the other one with 2 beds. I will be available during your stay in paris, so do not hesitate to contact me. Numerous stores of all kind, but also a market on thursdays and sundays. My flat is situated right next to the beautiful canal de l'Ourq, with along its barges, bars and restaurants.We can have a nice and pleasant stroll along the water and admire the different  barges. The area offers many activities like going to the theatre on ""floating"" theatres (on the barges), or to the movie theatre, or e"
3911	c'est un logement clair, propre et confortable :   salle de bain avec baignoire , cuisine et toilette séparés . l'appartement donne sur un jardin collectif .  	"F1 de 35 m2 dans une résidence calme .  il peut accueillir un couple où une personne seule . il est situé à 10 min du centre de paris en transport en commun . le magnifique parc ""Des Buttes Chaumont"" est situé à 2 min à pied .   c'est un logement clair, propre et confortable :   salle de bain avec baignoire , cuisine et toilette séparés . l'appartement donne sur un jardin collectif .  ce logement est entièrement disponible aux voyageurs . ils peuvent occupés tous l'espace qu'ils désirent . le quartier est très agréable. A proximité se trouve des supermarchés, des restaurants et des bars .  A côté de L'église de Jourdain boulangerie et caviste .  Les quais de seine se trouvent à 15 min à pied où se côtoient bars, cinémas, la cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie et la Géode .  Métro ligne 11 station Jourdain .   Métro ligne 7 station Botzaris . des Bus à disposition pour rejoindre la Géode . Les 2 aéroports sont accessibles par le RER B . des bornes Autolib et Vélib sont disponibles au mé"
3912	magnifique appartement tout confort, tout équipé, décoré avec soin et élégance. spacieux et lumineux, l'art de vivre à la parisienne au bord du canal de l'ourcq à deux pas de tous commerces, metro, ballade romantique ... 	prestation d'exception - immeuble de haut standing avec le charme de l'ancien - Lumineux et spacieux - commerces, bars, restos, ballades, metros tout à proximité au coeur du vraie paris - magnifique appartement tout confort, tout équipé, décoré avec soin et élégance. spacieux et lumineux, l'art de vivre à la parisienne au bord du canal de l'ourcq à deux pas de tous commerces, metro, ballade romantique ... salon, chambre, salle d'eau, wc ... à tout ... a priori non .. tout ... en particulier la proximité du canal et des péniches... metro ligne 7 ou 5  à 3 minutes... la bibliotheque, l'epicerie ( sel, poivre, huile, etc..) sont en libre service ;-)
3913	Cet appartement à beau être un studio, il est parfaitement agencé donc très pratique. Il est bien équipé, comme le montre les photos, et en excellent état car refait à neuf dans l'année. La mezzanine permet d'avoir un vrai coin salon.  Exposé plein sud, il est très lumineux.  Les deux arrêts de métro les plus proches sont Crimée sur la ligne 7 et Ourcq sur la ligne 5.  Nombreux commerces à proximité (Franprix, Monoprix, Boulangerie, Poste...)	Cet appartement vient d'être refait, il est très agréable et bien équipé.  Il est très calme et lumineux.  Il est à côté du Parc de la Villette, du Canal de l'Ourcq, à 10min des Buttes-Chaumont donc parfait pour la période estival!! Cet appartement à beau être un studio, il est parfaitement agencé donc très pratique. Il est bien équipé, comme le montre les photos, et en excellent état car refait à neuf dans l'année. La mezzanine permet d'avoir un vrai coin salon.  Exposé plein sud, il est très lumineux.  Les deux arrêts de métro les plus proches sont Crimée sur la ligne 7 et Ourcq sur la ligne 5.  Nombreux commerces à proximité (Franprix, Monoprix, Boulangerie, Poste...) Je fournis les draps, les serviettes de bain, le shampoing et gel douche, sèche cheveux. Appartement idéal pour les vacances, on peut aller se poser dans deux parcs incontournables de Paris en se déplaçant à pied, et il y a pleins de petits bars sympa autour (je laisserai un petite liste). De plus la présence du canal 
3914	Our bright apartment [50 M2] offers a restful retreat from Paris bustle. It consists of 1 bedroom on a mezzanine, a gracious living room, a bathroom [including a bath] and a compact well-equipped kitchen. The apartment is bright and comfy, with exposed beams that gives all the charm with elegance and simplicity. We’re on the first floor, but it’s served by a lift. The big window ceilings are overlooking private gardens.  All the essential facilities are close at hand – the supermarket, ATM, butcher and bakery. The area is brilliantly served by Metro Botzaris or Jourdain and buses, which combine to get you from CDG Airport to the door in less than an hour !  	This beautiful 1 bedroom apartment is located 2min from Parc des Buttes Chaumont, one of the . It has two large separate rooms with a balcony, a fully equipped kitchen and a nice bath. It offers enough space for 
3915	Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interest (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Chatelet, Pompidou Center, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame,...) are only 10 minutes away by metro (Subway, tube) ! The home is just 50 m away to metro station which desserves the center of Paris. The biggest green area, parc of Paris is situated only 5 minutes away on foot (Buttes Chaumont). There is a big supermarket just at the entrance of the building which is open up to 21h30. The home is in the 5th floor in a building with several lift secured by camera and supervisor room and gatekeeper. The home is extremely clean, quiet and every kind of machines and equipments are available. I speak English and it would be a great pleasure for me to help and guide you in Paris. The total home surface is 50 m2 and the room is 14 m2. The WC and shower are separated. Home rented by a english speaking person! Distance from my home to main places of interest by tube (Métro). My home --> C	Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interests (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Notre Dame,...) are only 10 minutes away by subway ! The home is just 50 m away to metro. Home rented by a english speaking person!  Nice home recently renovated and situated in the center of Paris. The places of interest (St Michel, Quartier Latin, Chatelet, Pompidou Center, Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame,...) are only 10 minutes away by metro (Subway, tube) ! The home is just 50 m away to metro station which desserves the center of Paris. The biggest green area, parc of Paris is situated only 5 minutes away on foot (Buttes Chaumont). There is a big supermarket just at the entrance of the building which is open up to 21h30. The home is in the 5th floor in a building with several lift secured by camera and supervisor room and gatekeeper. The home is extremely clean, quiet and every kind of machines and equipments are available. I speak English and it would be a great pleasu
3916	The best value for money in Paris... Included the unique atmosphere of Belleville Street, the native place of Edith Piaf, walking distance from Buttes-Chaumont and Père Lachaise...	Come to share with us our appartment, idealy located in the very heart of Belleville, 2 minutes away from the metro and 5' from Buttes-Chaumont and Père Lachaise. 1 spare-room for 1 (or a couple). Acces to toilettes (with shower) and kitchen shared.  The best value for money in Paris... Included the unique atmosphere of Belleville Street, the native place of Edith Piaf, walking distance from Buttes-Chaumont and Père Lachaise...
3917	"I'm offering a spacious and cozy bedroom with a balcony, in a spacious appartment, 3 bedrooms, well equiped kitchen, separated waters, bathroom, washing machine, elevator,. On the 2d floor, the building is quiet, the metro ""corentin cariou"" is just facing the building entrance. The flat is very charming and pleasant to live, with nice and easy going people.  "	"Very spacious bedroom, cozy, comfortable double bed, one sofa, wardrobe. The flat is big, we share the kitchen and the bathroom, we are clean poeple, we need some poeple respectul. We don't like rules, so we have good sense :) I'm offering a spacious and cozy bedroom with a balcony, in a spacious appartment, 3 bedrooms, well equiped kitchen, separated waters, bathroom, washing machine, elevator,. On the 2d floor, the building is quiet, the metro ""corentin cariou"" is just facing the building entrance. The flat is very charming and pleasant to live, with nice and easy going people.  We share the kitchen and the bathroom. There is everything for cooking. We can give you towels and we give you sheets.  We are independant, needing independant people. We can share some dinners, we can answer every questions you can ask.  In a ""working class"" neighborhood with ethnic diversity, the area is safe,  there are many convenients stores, near to ""parc de la Villette"", ""Cité des sciences et de l'indu"
3918	My room is about 10m2, nice and cute, with a window on the small yard of the building getting a lot of light in the day. People like to stay in it, and tell it has good vibes ! The other room of the flat is bigger, about 15m2. It is more of a living-room but i think of it as an adjustable space. The bed is still nice : it is a real futon that can be converted into a sofa. This room has a window on a rather calm since small and one-way street. IMPORTANT : if this room is rented, it is clear that i don't use it anymore as the living-room of the flat on the period of the renting : it becomes the bedroom of the person who stays in it ! The flat is in a very calm building, and the area is great : everything for your convenience around (post office in the same street, and around : shops, bars, swimming-pools, Park Buttes-Chaumont 2mn from the place). You are 10-15mn from the centre of Paris, where you will find Centre Pompidou, art galleries, swimming-pools, shopping malls and stores... 	nice and rather quiet room in a nice flat, ideally located in Paris My room is about 10m2, nice and cute, with a window on the small yard of the building getting a lot of light in the day. People like to stay in it, and tell it has good vibes ! The other room of the flat is bigger, about 15m2. It is more of a living-room but i think of it as an adjustable space. The bed is still nice : it is a real futon that can be converted into a sofa. This room has a window on a rather calm since small and one-way street. IMPORTANT : if this room is rented, it is clear that i don't use it anymore as the living-room of the flat on the period of the renting : it becomes the bedroom of the person who stays in it ! The flat is in a very calm building, and the area is great : everything for your convenience around (post office in the same street, and around : shops, bars, swimming-pools, Park Buttes-Chaumont 2mn from the place). You are 10-15mn from the centre of Paris, where you will find Centre Pompid
3919	Dans un appt style ancien au dernier étage donnant sur rue et cour intérieure dégagée 1 chambre (lit double) 12 m2 indépendante, avec bureau, armoire, table de nuit, étagères, lampe,  avec une salle de bain attenante dans un appartement 3 pièces (salon, cuisine,2 chambres indépendantes)  au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble. L'appartement est traversant, ensoleillé, calme, style ancien (cheminées prussiennes et parquet), en face du métro (Ligne 5) Cest à côté de deux cinémas, deux parcs La Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, de salles de concert. Balades possibles le long du canal de l'Ourcq, piste cyclable. stations velib à proximité Quartier tranquille, commerces à proximité, bars, restaurants 10 MINUTES DE REPUBLIQUE, 15 MINUTES DE CHATELET 	Dans un appt style ancien au dernier étage donnant sur rue et cour intérieure dégagée 1 chambre (lit double) 12 m2 indépendante, avec bureau, armoire, table de nuit, étagères, lampe,  avec une salle de bain attenante dans un appartement 3 pièces (salon, cuisine,2 chambres indépendantes)  au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble. L'appartement est traversant, ensoleillé, calme, style ancien (cheminées prussiennes et parquet), en face du métro (Ligne 5) Cest à côté de deux cinémas, deux parcs La Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, de salles de concert. Balades possibles le long du canal de l'Ourcq, piste cyclable. stations velib à proximité Quartier tranquille, commerces à proximité, bars, restaurants 10 MINUTES DE REPUBLIQUE, 15 MINUTES DE CHATELET internet chaine hifi television machine à laver le linge cuisine
3920	"Sunny and very typically parisian with a 9m2 balcony, the appartment is made of 2 rooms (a bedroom and a living room with wooden floor), a nice kitchen, a bathroom, furnished with all you need, the apartment is about 45 m².One double bed (2p) + 1 sofa (2p). The flat has been renovated in August 2014. I live in the area I love the most in Paris. It is where it feels parisian, where ""la vie est belle"". The canal is an amazing place to hang out and do picnics. You can also bike everywhere or walk to the Canal and open markets. If you like culture and fresh air in such a big city, you will surely enjoy! Metro Ourcq & Crimée are the closest ones (5 min away from the flat)!It's about 20 minutes by metro from Bastille, Les Halles (downtown area) and 15 minutes walk from the trendy 10th district. This area is lively and has the advantage of being close to 2 very lovely parcs - which is very delightful! One of these parcs is cut by the canal and full of cultural structures like La Cité de la mu"	"Sunny and typical, the appartment is made of 2 rooms (a bedroom and a living room with wooden floor and fireplaces), a nice kitchen, a bathroom, the apartment is about 45 m².One double bed (2p) + 1 sofa (2p) Sunny and very typically parisian with a 9m2 balcony, the appartment is made of 2 rooms (a bedroom and a living room with wooden floor), a nice kitchen, a bathroom, furnished with all you need, the apartment is about 45 m².One double bed (2p) + 1 sofa (2p). The flat has been renovated in August 2014. I live in the area I love the most in Paris. It is where it feels parisian, where ""la vie est belle"". The canal is an amazing place to hang out and do picnics. You can also bike everywhere or walk to the Canal and open markets. If you like culture and fresh air in such a big city, you will surely enjoy! Metro Ourcq & Crimée are the closest ones (5 min away from the flat)!It's about 20 minutes by metro from Bastille, Les Halles (downtown area) and 15 minutes walk from the trendy 10th di"
3921	My flat is fully equipped with what a traveller might need to feel comfortable and at home : linen and towels, 	Nice appartement near Bassin de la Villette, 2 min. from Stalingrad metro station, composed of a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom & separate WC. It is fully equipped : wifi (included in the price), TV and all you need to wash and cook !  My flat is fully equipped with what a traveller might need to feel comfortable and at home : linen and towels,  Guest will have access to everything in the appartement, and even the small court yard outside.  The neighbors in my building are so friendly they actually became real friends !!! The area is very nice to walk around with the Bassin de la Villette, the Canal St Martin and the Buttes Chaumont. There are a lot of bars, cafés, and restaurant that I can advise to you ;o)  My place is just 2 minutes away, in walking distance, from Stalingrad metro station, which can lead you to everywhere in the city. It is also very close to 2 main railway stations : Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. There's also a velib' station nearby for those who, 
3922	C'est un appartement de 43m² très chaleureux et confortable avec toutes les commodités à disposition. Et surtout bien placé pour se balader dans Paris. Nous avons deux chambres avec chacune un lit double et un clic clac dans le salon dans lequel deux personnes peuvent dormir. 2 chambres(2 lits doubles) + Salon(1 clic clac pour 2) + Cuisine+ SDB. Appartement cosy, proximité Stalingrad, Gare de l'Est, Quais de Seine, La Villette. Très bien desservi. 2 Bedroom (2 beds for 2)+ Living Room ( 1 sofa for 2)+ Kitchen + Bathroom	2 chambres(2 lits doubles) + Salon(1 clic clac pour 2) + Cuisine+ SDB. Appartement cosy, proximité Stalingrad, Gare de l'Est, Quais de Seine, La Villette. Très bien desservi. 2 Bedroom (2 beds for 2)+ Living Room ( 1 sofa for 2)+ Kitchen + Bathroom C'est un appartement de 43m² très chaleureux et confortable avec toutes les commodités à disposition. Et surtout bien placé pour se balader dans Paris. Nous avons deux chambres avec chacune un lit double et un clic clac dans le salon dans lequel deux personnes peuvent dormir. 2 chambres(2 lits doubles) + Salon(1 clic clac pour 2) + Cuisine+ SDB. Appartement cosy, proximité Stalingrad, Gare de l'Est, Quais de Seine, La Villette. Très bien desservi. 2 Bedroom (2 beds for 2)+ Living Room ( 1 sofa for 2)+ Kitchen + Bathroom Frigo, Gazinière, Internet, Lave linge Nous n'occuperons pas le logement pendant les séjours des voyageurs mais nous pourrons facilement nous rendre sur place si ils ont besoin de quelque chose. C'est un quartier très animé (
3923		Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces très lumineux, au 8eme étage (avec ascenseur). Il se situe à 10min à pied du canal de l'ourcq et à 5 min des Buttes Chaumont. L'appartement se trouve au milieu d'un quartier chaleureux, avec une vie de village très sympathique. Arrêt de métro Ourcq. Wifi, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, piano Oui, on pourra aller boire un verre si je suis disponible. Les Buttes Chaumont, le canal de l'Ourcq, les petits coffee shop et les bars le long du canal de l'Ourcq Arrêt Ourcq sur la ligne 5
3924	Our flat is about 60m², with a warmly living-room and open kitchen. An ideal place to share nice moments...and good food !	Closed to the beautiful Buttes Chaumont Parc, our cocoon will help you, all year long, to find a friendly and warmly place after your adventures in Paris.  Citizens of the world, we are expecting for you with a lot of pleasure ! Our flat is about 60m², with a warmly living-room and open kitchen. An ideal place to share nice moments...and good food ! You can enjoy the entire flat, expect our personnal bedroom ! Another bedroom will be prepared for you, and our living-room and kitchen available for you all day and night !  We love test and make test many differents flavours, so don't be shy and use the kitchen...or enjoy our food ! So you of course can enjoy the living-room with us, or relax in your private room. We are available to help you in your Paris Trip ! We travel a lot, so we use to meet people and share nice moments with them. Offer our flat on AirBnb is for us a new way to meet more people ! We're living in the 19th Paris's district, where all the Parisien's class live togethe
3925	A clean, spacious and confortable flat. We have a friendly cat, Piccolo, who goes out often and makes his life.  	A room in a 85 sq flat of three flatmates in Paris: a place as spacious as calm and clean and at 20 minutes away from the center.  Districs/places: Buttes Chaumont park, Butte du Chapeau Rouge parc, rue d'Aubervilliers, La Villette, Ourcq canal, .. A clean, spacious and confortable flat. We have a friendly cat, Piccolo, who goes out often and makes his life.  Access to your room, the living room, the bathroom, toilets and the kitchen witch have all you need. I may be in the flat at your arrival and be able to greet you. If I'm not available, a friend or one of my flatmates will greet you anyway. I'll also give you informations and advices about the city and the district. Our flat is localized in the 19th district of Paris, a great area close to the Buttes Chaumont park, the Ourcq canal, the La Viillette Park and the well-known streets : Belleville, Menilmontant, etc… Several shops are around the flat (Picard, Dia, Franprix) ans some of them close very late (Monoprix, G20, A2 Pas, Lidl,
3926	I rent a 13m² bedroom in a 50m² flat This flat is shared with me and my boyfriend. So you could benefit the help from a 27 year old parisian if is there ;)	"Hi! - an authentic parisian room - share an accomodation with  me and my boyfriend - your own bed room, king size, cosy... - cheap, cute, clean, and quiet e-mail me for more information I rent a 13m² bedroom in a 50m² flat This flat is shared with me and my boyfriend. So you could benefit the help from a 27 year old parisian if is there ;) the room, and everywhere  in this flate.^^ but not my  room ;) Normally, I won't be very far from this accomodation so I'm available to help you visiting the city. However, I can also decide to travel for several days, in the case you could count on my boyfriend. Don't worry, he's far from being intrusive and omnipresent ;) Obviously, if you rent my room, I won't stay in the flat. but i like share some moment with my guest: have a drink maybe The 19th ""arrondissement"" is a cosmopolite neighbourhood where tourist are pretty hard to find. So you could enjoy a typical parisian atmosphere with small shops and a guarantued multicultural mix. At last, you'"
3927	Mon appart' est prêt à vous accueillir quand je m'absente de Paris à savoir très souvent ! C'est un charmant 2 pièces de 38 m² avec : - chambre (couchage 140x200) - le salon avec canapé convertible (160x180), et une cuisine américaine - salle de Bain avec Baignoire et WC séparé Il est situé dans le 19eme arrondissement à Jourdain un quartier fort charmant et sympathique, très fournis en commerces, bar et restaus simples ou branchés, ruelles & demeures atypiques. L'appart est proche des métros Jourdain, Belleville, Botzaris et Place des fêtes, à 20 minutes de Châtelet (par la ligne 11) et à 5 mn des Buttes Chaumont à pieds. L'appart' est au Rdc, lumineux, calme et traversant (sur cour avec jolie vue sur un hôtel particulier et sur rue très calme également). Il est tout équipé : - wifi - télévision écran plat - chauffage - baignoire - Réfrigérateur/congélateur - Four micro ondes combiné - Plaques électriques - Bouilloire - Presse agrumes - Vaisselles Les draps et les serviettes sont bien	2 pièces très confortable, plein de charme et refait à neuf ! Peut loger deux personnes ou 4 personnes, situé dans une rue pleine de charme et très calme. Baignoire, wifi, four, parquet et proche ts commerces & métros : jourdain, belleville, botzaris Mon appart' est prêt à vous accueillir quand je m'absente de Paris à savoir très souvent ! C'est un charmant 2 pièces de 38 m² avec : - chambre (couchage 140x200) - le salon avec canapé convertible (160x180), et une cuisine américaine - salle de Bain avec Baignoire et WC séparé Il est situé dans le 19eme arrondissement à Jourdain un quartier fort charmant et sympathique, très fournis en commerces, bar et restaus simples ou branchés, ruelles & demeures atypiques. L'appart est proche des métros Jourdain, Belleville, Botzaris et Place des fêtes, à 20 minutes de Châtelet (par la ligne 11) et à 5 mn des Buttes Chaumont à pieds. L'appart' est au Rdc, lumineux, calme et traversant (sur cour avec jolie vue sur un hôtel particulier et sur rue très 
3928	Lovely flat with a balcony bathed in sunshine between les Buttes Chaumont, biggest park in town, and le Canal de l'Ourcq.   The neighbourhood is really nice and perfect to discover Paris' secret hidden treasures.  6th floor with elevator One Room with with a sunny balcony. One bed in an alcove.  Kitchen with a dining table Bathroom with shower  Toilets  Wifi access and all comfort needed (towels, sheets, etc.) Metro : 2 minutes walk from the tube station Laumière (Line 5) 10 minutes walk from tube station Jaurès (Line 2 and Line 5) 5 minutes walk to Les Buttes Chaumont and le Canal de l'Ourcq. 15 minutes by tube to République The flat is located in a really nice area. You will enjoy the amazing view over Paris on the balcony and the sun all along the day. Nice walks in the neighbourhood at the Buttes Chaumont or along the Canal. You can access easily the center of Paris by tube or by walk.  Don't hesitate to ask for more information about the flat or the neighbourhood !	Lovely flat with a balcony bathed in sunshine between les Buttes Chaumont, biggest pack in town, and le Canal de l'Ourcq.   Charmant appartement avec balcon baigné de soleil, juché entre les Buttes Chaumont et le Canal de l'Ourcq. Lovely flat with a balcony bathed in sunshine between les Buttes Chaumont, biggest park in town, and le Canal de l'Ourcq.   The neighbourhood is really nice and perfect to discover Paris' secret hidden treasures.  6th floor with elevator One Room with with a sunny balcony. One bed in an alcove.  Kitchen with a dining table Bathroom with shower  Toilets  Wifi access and all comfort needed (towels, sheets, etc.) Metro : 2 minutes walk from the tube station Laumière (Line 5) 10 minutes walk from tube station Jaurès (Line 2 and Line 5) 5 minutes walk to Les Buttes Chaumont and le Canal de l'Ourcq. 15 minutes by tube to République The flat is located in a really nice area. You will enjoy the amazing view over Paris on the balcony and the sun all along the day. Nic
3929	En guise de jardin : le parc des Buttes Chaumont, à une minute à pied. Un espace chambre en mezzanine, avec un lit en 140. Un canapé lit confortable dans le salon, en 140 également. Petite table pour les repas, et plusieurs tabourets et chaises.	Dans le quartier caché de la Butte Bergeyre, vous trouverez ici le calme d'un appartement douillet et original. Cuisine et salon en bas, chambre et bureau en mezzanine : petite surface mais grand espace. En guise de jardin : le parc des Buttes Chaumont, à une minute à pied. Un espace chambre en mezzanine, avec un lit en 140. Un canapé lit confortable dans le salon, en 140 également. Petite table pour les repas, et plusieurs tabourets et chaises. L'appartement entier. Vous aurez mon numéro de téléphone et mon adresse mail, en cas de besoin. Le quartier est le véritable atout de cet appartement : la Butte Bergeyre est un petite quartier caché, très calme, aux rues pavées. Nombre de parisiens passent à côté sans le connaître car il est perché en haut d'une butte à laquelle on accède grâce à des escaliers cachés sous des porches d'immeuble. Vous serez à 8mn à pied des métros Belleville (ligne 2 et 11) et Colonel Fabien (ligne 2), 6mn de Bolivar (ligne 7 bis). Bus 26 et 75 à moins de 5 min.
3930	appartement très agréable,grand,lumineux !! proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont commerces juste à côté	appartement très agréable,grand,lumineux !! proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont commerces juste à côté  vous pouvez louer les 2 chambres, avec accès à la cuisine,séjour,salle de bain;;;enfin tout l'appartement sauf ma chambre!! Je serai discrète et vous donnerai les bons plans! ligne métro 11 arrêt place des fêtes bus 48,60
3931	beautiful garden and terrace	Appart with a beautiful garden and a private terrace, good view and calm place ! Only For girl ! beautiful garden and terrace wifi, kitchen, tv, .... helpful and kind metro 7bis and 11 bus 48 and 60
3932	My house is 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower on the subway or bus.  This elegant one bedroom, one bathroom and fully stocked kitchen is in a remarkable area of Paris.  The Butte Chaumont is a huge park to picnic, hike, run and enjoy.  Coffee shops and walks through the quant neighborhood with appetizing restaurants and stores. The well equipped flat has a futon style couch that turns into a queen size bed. The apt has been remodeled and everything is brand new. The kitchen has new countertops and the bathroom has impeccable marble.	Conveniently near supermarkets, landrymats,  fresh markets, bakeries,  many restaurants and coffee bistros. Walking distance from the metros, stops from Jaures, Pyrenees, Buttes Chaumont a beautiful park and Belleville.  Cleaning feee of 40 upfront. My house is 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower on the subway or bus.  This elegant one bedroom, one bathroom and fully stocked kitchen is in a remarkable area of Paris.  The Butte Chaumont is a huge park to picnic, hike, run and enjoy.  Coffee shops and walks through the quant neighborhood with appetizing restaurants and stores. The well equipped flat has a futon style couch that turns into a queen size bed. The apt has been remodeled and everything is brand new. The kitchen has new countertops and the bathroom has impeccable marble. You have access to a laundromat literally right outside the door of the apartment. Two brand new elevators access.  Butte Chaumont Park great park.oh Please ask me any questions you have about getting to my house or 
3933		Appartement spacieux et accueillant à deux pas du métro , idéal pour découvrir la ville en amoureux.  Accueil de 2/3  personnes possible. Appartement tout équipé, proche toutes commodités, commerces et restaurants. A 20 min du centre de Paris.
3934	Lumineux, à côté de la nouvelle Philharmonie de Paris, cité des sciences, Canal de l ourcq, péniches bar/resto, parc de la villette et parc des buttes chaumont tout près.  Il comprend une grande chambre séparée et un salon avec clic clac pouvant accueillir 3 personnes confortablement.  (Jusqu'à 4 en utilsant le clic-clac)	Located right next to La Villette Park, this lovely bright apartment is ideal for a couple or 3 persons. Lively area although the street is practically reserved to pedestrians so it offers some quietness and village feeling.  Shops and transports Very handy to get to :  Metro Line 5 Brand New Tram line 4 minutes from the apt. Velib stations nearby Buses 
3935	73m2, bright 6th floor apartment with direct view on parc des buttes chaumont 2 rooms including one for a baby and a very confortable convertible sofa in the living room Fully equipped kitchen, elevator, wifi Metro : Pyrénées, Belleville Living on the Parc and 11 mins by metro to the centre of the city This beautiful newly renovated 73m2 apartment is bright, fresh, elegant, sizeable and well appointed with solid antique furniture. Parc View Paris is located in a very safe area within an art deco building from the 1930's. It has digicode access for added security and two elevators for ease of access to the sixth floor. The 40m2 living room has majestic views over the famous Parc Buttes Chaumont, while the kitchen holds a dishwasher, a washer dryer, and is fully equipped with everything. This apartment also has high speed internet and is fully serviced by our cleaner each week. (33 euros optional extra arranged on arrival with your greeter.) This apartement can accommodate 1-4 guests + 1	75m2, bright 6th floor apartment with direct view on parc des buttes chaumont. 15 min from city center by metro. 2 rooms including one for a baby, a very confortable convertible sofa in the living room Fully equipped kitchen (we just got it renovated), elevator, wifi Metro : Pyrénées, Belleville 73m2, bright 6th floor apartment with direct view on parc des buttes chaumont 2 rooms including one for a baby and a very confortable convertible sofa in the living room Fully equipped kitchen, elevator, wifi Metro : Pyrénées, Belleville Living on the Parc and 11 mins by metro to the centre of the city This beautiful newly renovated 73m2 apartment is bright, fresh, elegant, sizeable and well appointed with solid antique furniture. Parc View Paris is located in a very safe area within an art deco building from the 1930's. It has digicode access for added security and two elevators for ease of access to the sixth floor. The 40m2 living room has majestic views over the famous Parc Buttes Chaumont,
3936	"Qu'est-ce qui rend mon logement unique : - calme absolu  - une vue sur les étoiles - un jardinet La maison peut confortablement accueillir 4 personnes.  Lits: Une chambre adulte sur cours avec un lit doublé. Deux chambres enfants ou adulte avec un lit avec une vue sur les étoiles. Deux matelas supplémentaires sont disponibles. La maison a été rénovée en 2012/13. Tout n 'est pas encore fini. Le cadre ""la Butte Bergeyre"" est très calme, vert et sympa. Je vous recommande de chercher ""la Butte Bergeyre"" sur un moteur de recherche pour plus des informations. "	"Qu'est-ce qui rend mon logement unique : - calme absolu  - une vue sur les étoiles - un jardinet La maison peut confortablement accueillir 4 personnes.  Lits: Une chambre adulte sur cours avec un lit doublé. Deux chambres enfants ou adulte avec un lit avec une vue sur les étoiles. Deux matelas supplémentaires sont disponibles. La maison a été rénovée en 2012/13. Tout n 'est pas encore fini. Le cadre ""la Butte Bergeyre"" est très calme, vert et sympa. Je vous recommande de chercher ""la Butte Bergeyre"" sur un moteur de recherche pour plus des informations.  10 min du Gard du Nord / Gare de L'est (bus n° 126) 15 min de Châtelet et 10 min de République. Si vous arrivez avec des bagages lourdes, je vous recommande de prendre en Taxi. Je propose de préparer un gâteau au chocolat pour vous. A deux pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Les restaurants sympa : le Sushiya un des meilleurs resto japonais dans Paris : 12 Rue Pradier (réservation obligatoire) Mon Oncle le Vigneron table d'hôtes 71 Rue Re"
3937	This big 34 sqm studio totally renewed in 2012 is very quiet and luminous, with a great view from its 19th floor. Two comfortable couches welcome up to 4 persons. A large (10 sqm), very flowered, sunny (until noon) and unoverlooked terrace will allows you to take your breakfast or a glass in good weather. My own flat is on the same floor, you can easily contact me if needed, and get in late if your flight is a night one for instance. The bathroom has a big bath and quality plumbing, the kitchen is partly open on the main room and there is an electric barbecue on the terrace. Bed linen, towels, tea and coffee are provided. Place de la République is 10 mn far from the place by metro (3 km) and the center of Paris 15 mn far.	Spacious, quiet and comfortable studio up to 4 persons. 10 mn far from the center of Paris, in a very lively and typical parisian district (food market 3/week, a lot of shops). Beautiful sunny and flowered terrace.    This big 34 sqm studio totally renewed in 2012 is very quiet and luminous, with a great view from its 19th floor. Two comfortable couches welcome up to 4 persons. A large (10 sqm), very flowered, sunny (until noon) and unoverlooked terrace will allows you to take your breakfast or a glass in good weather. My own flat is on the same floor, you can easily contact me if needed, and get in late if your flight is a night one for instance. The bathroom has a big bath and quality plumbing, the kitchen is partly open on the main room and there is an electric barbecue on the terrace. Bed linen, towels, tea and coffee are provided. Place de la République is 10 mn far from the place by metro (3 km) and the center of Paris 15 mn far. The apartment and the terrace are all yours, I jus
3938	The apartment is bright with a bow window overhanging the street. - The living room includes a sofa which can be convertible in a double bed. - A kitchen with everything you need : oven, micro wave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, hot plates, coffee machine, toast..	2 room apartment with 1 double bed in the bedroom, 1 comfortable folding bed in the living room. One fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a corner bath. Perfect for a couple, family with kids or a group of friends! The apartment is bright with a bow window overhanging the street. - The living room includes a sofa which can be convertible in a double bed. - A kitchen with everything you need : oven, micro wave, dishwasher, fridge, freezer, hot plates, coffee machine, toast.. The neighborhood is calm and has all facilities around. The Buttes Chaumont are 2 minuts walk. A corner shop just downstairs open 7 days a week from 8am to midnight, a big market 3 days a week two minuts walk, several supermarkets, shops, post office, pharmacy... The appartment is 2 minuts walk from Jourdain metro station, line 11. You are 10 minuts from République and 15 minuts from Chatelet.
3939	Calme et lumineux, ce grand deux pièces offre un pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris, Tout équipée, draps et serviettes fournis. 	Bel appartement parisien, tout confort idéal pour un couple (lit bébé sur demande) proche de toutes commodités (commerces, cinéma, métro, bus....) aux pieds du métro et à 5 minutes du tramway. WIFI, TV, Linges fournies (draps, serviettes). D'une surface de 35 mètre carrée, coin cuisine, salon, chambre à coucher et salle de bain. Totalement équipé. Situé à 15 min (en métro) du coeur de paris (Notre Dame de Paris) Proche du parc des buttes Chaumont( 10 min à pieds) et du parc de la Villette. Calme et lumineux, ce grand deux pièces offre un pied à terre idéal pour découvrir Paris, Tout équipée, draps et serviettes fournis. Le logement entier est disponible, des guides sont à disposition des voyageurs ainsi que de nombreux plans de la ville Nous accueillerons les voyageurs et les accompagnerons tous au long de leurs séjours pour les aider si nécessaire à découvrir notre magnifique capitale A 5 minutes de la station Télégraphe L'appertement est situé à proximité : Du parc des buttes Chaumon
3940	Big bright bedroom with a balcony in a Haussmanian apartment (50m2), ideally situated just steps from La Villette Park, with a view on the new Philharmonie building from the living room.  Fifth floor without a lift (Bon courage!)	My room is available for you when I'm away, my roommate Lou will be receiving you ! Big bright bedroom with a balcony in a Haussmanian apartment (50m2), ideally situated just steps from La Villette Park, with a view on the new Philharmonie building from the living room.  Fifth floor without a lift (Bon courage!) You can use the living room, the kitchen and the bathroom. I'll be reachable by email, and my roommate Lou will be there to answer your questions. The apartment is situated in a very pleasant area, a two minutes walk from La Villette Park and its facilities (Cité de la Musique, Philharmonie, Zénith, Cité des Sciences, Conservatoire, Théâtre du Tarmac...).  Depending on the time of the year, you can easily access the festivals taking place there ( (Villette Sonique, Pitchfork, outdoor cinema...). The Buttes-Chaumont Park is a ten minutes walk away.  The street has all the shops you need for your daily requirements (grocery stores, supermarket, restaurants, cafés, bakeries...). M
3941	Appartement refait neuf de 30m2. Dans la chambre, vous disposez d'un grand lit (140x200). L'espace salon/cuisine est lumineux, la cuisine est moderne et fonctionnelle. L'appartement dispose d'une machine à laver, la wifi est accessible. La salle d'eau comprend une douche et des toilettes. L'appartement se trouve au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Le quartier est très agréable, à 2 minutes des Buttes Chaumont, et du Canal St Martin. L'appartement se trouve à 2 pas de l'Avenue Secrétan, une rue très commerçante, et de très bon produit. Le parc de la Villette est aussi à 4 stations en direction de Bobigny, avec la cité de la musique, la cité des sciences et de l'industrie Pour les transports, le métro Jaurès à 2 minutes offre à la fois la ligne 5 (Jaurès est à 2 stations du métro Gare du Nord - en 15 minutes, et 3 de la gare de l'est), à 5 stations de la station République. La ligne 2 est aussi à 2 minutes de l'appartement. Le bus 26 (à 1 minute de l'appartement) dessert la Gare St Lazare en 20 	Appartement refait neuf de 30m2. Dans la chambre, vous disposez d'un grand lit (140x200). L'espace salon/cuisine est lumineux, la cuisine est moderne et fonctionnelle. L'appartement dispose d'une machine à laver, la wifi est accessible. La salle d'eau comprend une douche et des toilettes. L'appartement se trouve au 3e étage sans ascenseur. Le quartier est très agréable, à 2 minutes des Buttes Chaumont, et du Canal St Martin. L'appartement se trouve à 2 pas de l'Avenue Secrétan, une rue très commerçante, et de très bon produit. Le parc de la Villette est aussi à 4 stations en direction de Bobigny, avec la cité de la musique, la cité des sciences et de l'industrie Pour les transports, le métro Jaurès à 2 minutes offre à la fois la ligne 5 (Jaurès est à 2 stations du métro Gare du Nord - en 15 minutes, et 3 de la gare de l'est), à 5 stations de la station République. La ligne 2 est aussi à 2 minutes de l'appartement. Le bus 26 (à 1 minute de l'appartement) dessert la Gare St Lazare en 20 
3942		"Flat right in Paris center. Close to the subway on M7 - Crimee. Close to ""Les Quais de seine"" and very nice bars : Les petites Gouttes for example. Close to La Vil"
3943	Nice and quiet room in a very cozy and luminous flat (75 m2), with kitchen, bathroom, toilette, and a living room with two sofas.	a room in a 75 m2 flat, very close to Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, Canal de l'Ourcq, and near Canal St Martin and Parc de la Villette. A nice and quiet neighborhood with bookstores, library, bars ... (bus 60, métro Laumière or Jaurès, Vélib). Nice and quiet room in a very cozy and luminous flat (75 m2), with kitchen, bathroom, toilette, and a living room with two sofas. my room is available for 2 weeks, in the other there's my flate mate. All the rest of the house is free accessible. Ideal for a couple, you'll enjoy a local experience in a global metropolis. Our flat is near the wonderful Parc des Buttes-Chaumont, 2 min walk to the Canal de l'Ourq and 10 min walk to the Canal S.Martin. You can find good restaurants, cafes, patisseries, etc. You're very close to Parc de la Villette, Philarmonie de Paris, Musée de la Musique, Cité des sciences et de l'industrie, le 104, le Point Ephemere... We speak English, French, German and Italian.
3944	The appartment is freshly renewed and very agreable.	I’m happy to welcome you in my freshly renewed apartment, situated in a very Parisian style street. The apartment offers a cosy and calm bedroom, a comfortable bathroom, with separated toilets, and a large living room with open kitchen. The apartment is fully equipped : washing machine, dryer, cooking table, dishwasher… The living room is full of light and very sunny in the afternoon. There is a convertible couch where two persons can comfortably sleep. I provide sheets and towels, and all that you need for breakfast. The metro is at the end of the street. You will reach very easily all the touristic sites, as Le Marais, and Canal Saint Martin. Gare du nord is at only 5 stations and from there you will easily connect to main airports.   It  will be a pleasure to provide you any information that will help you to enjoy you stay, museums, bars, and touristic highlights. The appartment is freshly renewed and very agreable. The neighbourhoud is very lively, and offers a lot of convenience s
3945	55m² in Paris just for you! 2 x Double Bed Appartment to live in Paris, just like a normal Parisian!	"Bonjour! Very bright and spacious appartment, 55m² to enjoy Paris! Just 30seconds walk from the famous city Park ""Buttes Chaumont"" (you can view the park from the balcony!) 5 minutes walk from subway L5 which goes straight to Republic and Bastille. 55m² in Paris just for you! 2 x Double Bed Appartment to live in Paris, just like a normal Parisian! You can of course access both bedrooms, the living room, WC, bathroom, balcony. However, you cannot access the cupboards (except the one where the dishes are, close to the kitchen) where my personnal belongings are. I will be there for check in and check out. I will be available on phone / whatsapp / email during your stay. How do you mix big city and nature? Easy! Buttes Chaumont District! The perfect mix between city life and chill out ! The Park is just down the building. 5 minutes walk and you are at the canal ""bassin de la villette"" (just walk down ""rue de Crimée"") to relax by the water. The district is ""popular"", but safe. - Metro Ligne"
3946	"Who has never dreamed about having an unforgettable night in a typical parisian's room? :) Well,  why won't you try?  This little but very charming room measures more or less 11m² and is composed of one main room, one bathroom and one little kitchen.  Located to the 7th floor (without elevator, of course), the room is really near to the metro station Laumière (less than 30 seconds, really!).  The main room is composed of one single bed, one tv, one large desk, but there are also some cupboards on the top of the wall for longer stays. An electric kettle and a coffee machine, with coffee and tea are available on the desk. Exposed to the West side, the room is very lightfull, and does not face directly to another building. For smokers or people who just enjoy being outside, there is a little (little) balconny in this room.  The ""kitchen"" which can be narrow is completely fonctionnal : you can cook easily there. I also put there some essential ustensils for cookers (like sauce pan, knifes,"	Charming little room in the 7th floor (without elevator) in a building located to only 30 seconds to the metro station Laumière. Measuring more or less 12m², the room is composed of one main room, one fonctionnal little kitchen and one bathroom :) Who has never dreamed about having an unforgettable night in a typical parisian's room? :) Well,  why won't you try?  This little but very charming room measures more or less 11m² and is composed of one main room, one bathroom and one little kitchen.  Located to the 7th floor (without elevator, of course), the room is really near to the metro station Laumière (less than 30 seconds, really!).  The main room is composed of one single bed, one tv, one large desk, but there are also some cupboards on the top of the wall for longer stays. An electric kettle and a coffee machine, with coffee and tea are available on the desk. Exposed to the West side, the room is very lightfull, and does not face directly to another building. For smokers or people 
3947	Après une journée de visite il est important de pouvoir se détendre dans un grand appartement calme. Avec son bar le salon est parfait pour prendre l'apéro ou manger.	Grand appartement tout equipé, grand salon avec jeux de flechette, ping-pong. Chambre pour 2 personnes, salle de bain correct. Metro Crimée à 5min, borne vélib en bas de la résidence, parc de la villette et canal d'ourcq à 10min à pied. Après une journée de visite il est important de pouvoir se détendre dans un grand appartement calme. Avec son bar le salon est parfait pour prendre l'apéro ou manger. Je ne serais pas là tout le mois de juin mais mes collocataires seront sur place pour toute information. C'est un des quartiers encore assez populaire, dans le nord-est de paris il reste bien placé car proche du métro, du parc de la villette et du canal d'ourcq. Le parc et le canal vous permettra de vous détendre en faisant des picnics ou simplement en vous baladant. Le métro Crimée est à 5 min, il vous permet de rejoindre Stalingrad à seulement 2 arrêt et 1 fois à Stalingrad aller partout où vous voulez.  Il y a aussi des arrêt de bus et une borne vélib à côté de l'appartement
3948	A beautiful and big 3 rooms apartment at the edge of the Canal de l'Ourq, La Villette neighbourhood. - He is constituted by two rooms, a big living room with balcony, a bathroom (with bathtub) and a fitted kitchen. - The apartment has a double bed, a sofa double bed (king size and very confortable), 2 simple beds (bunk bed). He is perfect for a family, he has all necessary for kids. - Located at the second floor with elevators (accessible for handicapped person) you can take advantage of 2 magnificent balconies, directly South, at the edge of the Canal. - Very Close to the Parc de La Villette (Cité des sciences, Cité de la Musique, La geode) and 15 minutes of the Parc des buttes Chaumont, perfects to take a walk and for summer picnics  very popular in Paris! You can enjoy the cycle track along the Canal (rental bike accross the canal), take the bateau-mouche for a cultural excursion or simply sip a glass looking at barges on the place Stalingrad.  During the summer you can enjoy many f	Nice apartment with 2 balconies on the canal de la Villette (parking space) in the basement). 2 bedrooms (6 persons), all equiped Close to stores and subway. Perfect for family, many activities on the canal and in the Parc de La Villette. A beautiful and big 3 rooms apartment at the edge of the Canal de l'Ourq, La Villette neighbourhood. - He is constituted by two rooms, a big living room with balcony, a bathroom (with bathtub) and a fitted kitchen. - The apartment has a double bed, a sofa double bed (king size and very confortable), 2 simple beds (bunk bed). He is perfect for a family, he has all necessary for kids. - Located at the second floor with elevators (accessible for handicapped person) you can take advantage of 2 magnificent balconies, directly South, at the edge of the Canal. - Very Close to the Parc de La Villette (Cité des sciences, Cité de la Musique, La geode) and 15 minutes of the Parc des buttes Chaumont, perfects to take a walk and for summer picnics  very popular in
3949	"Nice illuminated 60 sqm flat in Paris: - 1 big double room (12sqm), with king size bed + 1 baby's cot  - 1 standard double room (9sqm), with double bed  - 1 small shower room - 1 fully furnished open plan kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave…) - 1 spacious living room Bedsheets and linen provided, wifi access. 5th floor, no lift. Ideally situated in the new trendy area of the bassin de la villette along the waterway, with direct access to places of interest: - Paris Plage (summer celebrations and games) (5mns walk)  - Parc de la villette +""cité de la musique"" + musée des sciences (7mns walk)  - Bassin de la Villette (many restaurants and terass) (5-10mns walk)  - Parc des Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful parc in Paris) (15mns walk)  - Canal Saint Martin (15mns walk) The tube (2mns walk) takes you straightaway to big touristic places (without having to change line): - Galeries Lafayettes/ Grands magasins (8mns) - Opera/Madeleine (10mns) - Musée du Louvres (13m"	"Nice illuminated 60 sqm flat in Paris: - 1 big double room (12sqm), with king size bed + 1 baby's cot  - 1 standard double room (9sqm), with double bed  - 1 small shower room - 1 fully furnished open plan kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave…) - 1 spacious living room Bedsheets and linen provided, wifi access. 5th floor, no lift. Ideally situated in the new trendy area of the bassin de la villette along the waterway, with direct access to places of interest: - Paris Plage (summer celebrations and games) (5mns walk)  - Parc de la villette +""cité de la musique"" + musée des sciences (7mns walk)  - Bassin de la Villette (many restaurants and terass) (5-10mns walk)  - Parc des Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful parc in Paris) (15mns walk)  - Canal Saint Martin (15mns walk) The tube (2mns walk) takes you straightaway to big touristic places (without having to change line): - Galeries Lafayettes/ Grands magasins (8mns) - Opera/Madeleine (10mns) - Musée du Louvres (13m"
3950		Nice two rooms appartment (livingroom-kitchen and a large bedroom with a double bed). In Paris, situated in the neighbourhood of canal saint Martin / buttes chaumont, 20minutes by metro from Le Louvre. Idealistic for a couple. 5 minutes by foot from le parc de la Villette, le parc des buttes chaumont and le canal saint Martin.  Metro laumiere or riquet Metro line 5 - laumiere or 7 (direct to Châtelet, le Louvre, Opéra) - riquet 15minutes from gare du nord/est You can use the electric piano in the bedroom If needed there is an additional mastress with the tiny opening coach (for a child or a single night)
3951	the flat is very nice, at the first floor of a quiet building, well furnished and cozy. There's wifi internet, the kitchen is equipped with everything necessary to cook (dishes, glasses, pans). There's a confortable double bed and a small couch. The bathroom has a bath.	   I'm renting my nice flat for one month starting from 23th of march to 23th of april. The flat is 35 sq.m, double bed, internet, perfect for 2 persons(better for a couple). Location: Stalingrad subway station, 19th arrondissement. Contact me!    
3952	40 sqm in the heart of Paris 9th with a lift Absolutely quiet. Situated in a lively area with restaurants, bars, parks, all shops and open markets nearby: organic market on the canal de l' Ourcq etc. Corentin Cariou Metro line 7 just next to the apartment.  only a 5 minutes walking. Also only 15 minutes from the main railway station Gare de L' EST with the metro. For those who want to see Paris from closeby there are two stations Velib ', i.e. the bicycles you can rent all over town. The apartment has a bathroom with a window and washing machine. A nice kitchen with a robot  and electric hob In the living room a tatami/ futon. Piano keyboard synthesizer. Internet free wifi Big table for 6 people to work or take meals. In the bedroom a very good bed (excellent aerodynamic mattress) which beds two people and storage space. Large windows in all rooms with an open view of Paris, Park de la Villette and beautiful water canal. Exposition East / south, so the sun in the early morning until th	40 sqm in the heart of Paris 9th with a lift Absolutely quiet. Situated in a lively area with restaurants, bars, parks, all shops and open markets nearby: organic market on the canal de l' Ourcq etc. Corentin Cariou Metro line 7 just next to the apartment.  only a 5 minutes walking. Also only 15 minutes from the main railway station Gare de L' EST with the metro. For those who want to see Paris from closeby there are two stations Velib ', i.e. the bicycles you can rent all over town. The apartment has a bathroom with a window and washing machine. A nice kitchen with a robot  and electric hob In the living room a tatami/ futon. Piano keyboard synthesizer. Internet free wifi Big table for 6 people to work or take meals. In the bedroom a very good bed (excellent aerodynamic mattress) which beds two people and storage space. Large windows in all rooms with an open view of Paris, Park de la Villette and beautiful water canal. Exposition East / south, so the sun in the early morning until th
3953	Vous avez accès à tout le logement en mon absence. Vous serez accueillis par mon frère ou moi-même si je suis présente. Quartier vivant et très agréable pour les promenades en bord de Seine	Charming 2 bedroom in a quiet building. Accomodates 2/3 guests Entrance across from MK2 cinema in a central neighborhood. Particularly pleasant in the springtime, summer,as the streets along the seine are closed to cars and open to pedestrians only. All the apartment. Access subway line : 5-2-7-7bis Access Orly airport : Navette Orlyval arrêt Antony Puis RER B arrêt Gare du Nord Gare du Nord metro ligne: 5 arrèt: JAURES Charles de Gaules RER B arrêt Gare du Nord  Gare du Nord metro ligne: 5 arrèt: JAURES
3954	Au 8e étage avec ascenseur, avec 2 fenêtres et du parquet, mon studio est lumineux et chaleureux, on s'y sent bien :)	Bienvenue chez moi ! L'appartement est calme et chaleureux dans un quartier vivant, à 30 secondes du métro Crimée, 2mn du canal de l'Ourcq et 5 minutes du parc de la Villette, 15mn de l'Opéra en métro. L'idéal pour visiter Paris ! Au 8e étage avec ascenseur, avec 2 fenêtres et du parquet, mon studio est lumineux et chaleureux, on s'y sent bien :) Vous aurez accès à mon appartement et au local à poubelle (la chance !!) Je suis prête à vous donner mes conseils de sorties (plein de bars sympas dans le coin) et de visites si besoin. J'habite dans le 19e arrondissement, au métro Crimée. J'adore ce quartier, très vivant, multiculturel avec des habitants très sympas. Je vous conseille de vous balader près du canal de l'Ourcq, du canal St Martin, au parc de la Villette et aux Buttes Chaumont. Pour le reste, prenez le métro ! J'habite à 30 secondes de la station Crimée (ligne 7) et à 10 mn à pied de Stalingrad (lignes 2, 5, 7). La ligne 7 est assez centrale et recoupe de nombreux métros.  Passe
3955	Located at the foot of the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and Bassin de la Villette, our apartment is a 2 bedroom fully renovated and typically Parisian. With two large bedrooms, a living room and a kitchen, it can accommodate 5 people and is perfect for a family or two couples. One bedroom has a double bed (160x200) while the second is equipped with a comfortable futon 140x200 and 1 mezzanine (90x200). At the top of a building built in 1870, it offers a nice view over the rooftops of Paris. Each of the four rooms has a small flowered balcony, perfect for enjoying the sun. Metro Station Laumière at the foot of the building and the neighborhood is full of shops, restaurants and friendly bars. Wifi, TV, phone, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer, toaster, traditional ovens and microwave are available for free. Linens and towels are also provided for you to avoid overload. Do not hesitate to come back to us for more details. We will answer your email in French and English	Located at the foot of the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont and Bassin de la Villette, our apartment is a 2 bedroom fully renovated and typically Parisian. With two large bedrooms, a living room and a kitchen, it can accommodate 5 people and is perfect for a family or two couples. One bedroom has a double bed (160x200) while the second is equipped with a comfortable futon 140x200 and 1 mezzanine (90x200). At the top of a building built in 1870, it offers a nice view over the rooftops of Paris. Each of the four rooms has a small flowered balcony, perfect for enjoying the sun. Metro Station Laumière at the foot of the building and the neighborhood is full of shops, restaurants and friendly bars. Wifi, TV, phone, dishwasher, washing machine, hairdryer, toaster, traditional ovens and microwave are available for free. Linens and towels are also provided for you to avoid overload. Do not hesitate to come back to us for more details. We will answer your email in French and English Cuisine équipée, wi
3956	The apartment has lots of arrangements. The kitchen ios equipped with microwave, an induction cooker, a refrigerator. The bathroom has been renewed in 2012 with a washbasin, an italian style shower, and contains a washing machine. The apartment has a double exposure.  The apartment is equiped with Wi-Fi. 	Beautiful typically Parisian apartment of 36m2, very close to the subway station Crimee. The apartment consists of an entry, one bedroom with a real double bed, a dining room. The apartment has been recently refreshed. Rent per week. 
3957	Charmant et luxueux appartement traversant au 1er d'un immeuble Haussmannien fin 19e siècle.  Cet appartement de 2 pièces de 41m2 comportant 1 chambre est lumineux, agréable, élégant, spacieux et peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 hôtes. L'aménagement luxueux et fonctionnel de cet appartement répond parfaitement aux besoins de volume, de clarté et de fonctionnalité. L'appartement a été entièrement réorganisé par un architecte dans le soin du détail autour d'un meuble central définissant ainsi les différents espaces asservis (entrée, couloir, séjour et cuisine). En entrant dans l'appartement, vous trouverez les pièces d'eau sur votre gauche (toilette et salle de bains) c'est au bout du couloir que s'ouvrira à vous la généreuse pièce de vie, vous trouverez la chambre sur votre droite.	Charmant appartement traversant au 1er d'un immeuble Haussmannien fin 19e siècle au bord du bassin de la Villette, dans un quartier très agréable. Cet appartement très bien équipé de 41m2 est lumineux, élégant, spacieux et accueille jusqu'à 4 hôtes. Charmant et luxueux appartement traversant au 1er d'un immeuble Haussmannien fin 19e siècle.  Cet appartement de 2 pièces de 41m2 comportant 1 chambre est lumineux, agréable, élégant, spacieux et peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 hôtes. L'aménagement luxueux et fonctionnel de cet appartement répond parfaitement aux besoins de volume, de clarté et de fonctionnalité. L'appartement a été entièrement réorganisé par un architecte dans le soin du détail autour d'un meuble central définissant ainsi les différents espaces asservis (entrée, couloir, séjour et cuisine). En entrant dans l'appartement, vous trouverez les pièces d'eau sur votre gauche (toilette et salle de bains) c'est au bout du couloir que s'ouvrira à vous la généreuse pièce de vie, vous trou
3958	My flat is really cosy , i love it! you'll find everything you need : a fridge, a microwave, a mini oven.. and a lovely bed and place to store your stuff.	My flat is very cosy , perfect for a couple. You'll find everything you need : A large sofa-bed, a micro-wave, a mini-oven, a fridge and space to store your stuff. The view in on a courtyard and it is really close to the underground. My flat is really cosy , i love it! you'll find everything you need : a fridge, a microwave, a mini oven.. and a lovely bed and place to store your stuff. Its biggest advantage is that it is situated 2 min from the tube ! and the neighbourhood is great ! you've got many shops around. My best friend will be in charge of welcoming you, showing you how everyhting works, cleaning the bedsheets, and answer any questions you have. She's lovely and she speaks english.
3959	"A deux pas de la vilette et du canal de l'ourcq ,  charmant petit appartement tout confort. Comprend: 1cuisine tout équipée, 1salle de bain wc et douche, 1pièce principale avec 1 lit mezzanine 2pers et un canapé ""futon"" 2 personnes. Idéal pour des jeunes qui visitent paris.   "	"A deux pas de la vilette et du canal de l'ourcq ,  charmant petit appartement tout confort. Comprend: 1cuisine tout équipée, 1salle de bain wc et douche, 1pièce principale avec 1 lit mezzanine 2pers et un canapé ""futon"" 2 personnes. Idéal pour des jeunes qui visitent paris.    Wc et douche, cuisinière avec four et 4 feux, grand frigo-congélateur, Lave-linge, draps propres, serviettes propres, sèche cheveux, internet wifi, TV... English spoken , e-mail, téléphone je reste disponible pour toutes questions ou problèmes rencontrés.  Le quartier est très agréable surtout au bord du canal de l'ourcq où il y a de très bonnes adresses pour manger, écouter de la musique ou juste prendre un verre. Il y a le parc de la vilette avec la cité des science à 10 minutes à pied où il fait bon se balader. Enfin il y a une mixité culture qui fait de cet arrondissement un quartier dynamique et so parisian ! Accès métro ligne7 crimée,  ligne 2 et 5 stalingrad. Proche de la gare de l'Est et à 20 minutes de c"
3960		T2 cosy à Crimée, idéalement situé: proche commerce, canal de l'Ourcq, Buttes Chaumont et Porte de la Villette.  Salon, cuisine et salle de bain séparés. Lit superposé une personne (éventuellement canapé-lit pour deux personnes). Non Proximité avec le canal, le parc de la Villette, les Buttes Chaumont Ligne 7 Crimée, ligne 5 Jaurès ou Stalingrad
3961	A cosy and charming apartment a few minutes walk from some of the most iconic tourist attractions in Paris, Montmartre, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the Canal Saint-Martin and Bassin de La Villette as well as Place de la République. Also, the Buttes-Chaumont and La Villette parks, ideal for relaxing in a green area, are less than 10 minutes walk, not to mention on the doorstep of hundreds of restaurants and bars.  Lived in but we like to share when we're not in the city.  Very quiet, sunny and functional. It includes - 1 double bedroom - 1 sofa bed - Fitted Kitchen including cooker, oven, microwave, washing machine, fridge, Italian coffee maker, kettle - The bathroom has a large bath and toilets - Bed linen, towels and slippers provided, Wifi, TV - For summer comfort, a fan is available.  Situated in between some of Paris' best known neighbourhoods, Canal Saint-Martin, La Villette, Montmartre and the Buttes-Chaumont, there are thousands of cafes, restaurants, bars and shops near by.  	Cosy & Charming flat between Canal Saint-Martin and Bassin de La Villette, a lovely and multicultural area where you can enjoy concerts, parks, museums, theaters and many other activities! See you soon :) A cosy and charming apartment a few minutes walk from some of the most iconic tourist attractions in Paris, Montmartre, Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge, the Canal Saint-Martin and Bassin de La Villette as well as Place de la République. Also, the Buttes-Chaumont and La Villette parks, ideal for relaxing in a green area, are less than 10 minutes walk, not to mention on the doorstep of hundreds of restaurants and bars.  Lived in but we like to share when we're not in the city.  Very quiet, sunny and functional. It includes - 1 double bedroom - 1 sofa bed - Fitted Kitchen including cooker, oven, microwave, washing machine, fridge, Italian coffee maker, kettle - The bathroom has a large bath and toilets - Bed linen, towels and slippers provided, Wifi, TV - For summer comfort, a fan is availa
3962	You'll find all you need. On main room, clear with one big bed, a couch, the TV, a desk if you need to work and also a bench press (only to use if you are used to :) ). Access to a washing machine (laundry), cofee machine, and a dishwasher.	Nice 36m² flat. Full comfort with a large main room and a full equiped kitchen. Really quiet, clean and bright. View on a park. Leave the flat and walk 20 meter far away and you are on the Canal de l'Ourcq, really nice place! Metro at 70mtrs.
3963		Loft / Artist Studio, 100 m², designed by architects, private courtyard.  2 stations from Gare du Nord (8 min), 3 from Châtelet - Les Halles (12 min), direct access from Roissy CDG and Orly airports (RER B). Please don't contact us for parties.
3964	Here is my nice colored flat that is very near to animations of the Ourcq channel. The big window let you see a quiet courtyard and let the sun shine inside. Nice little kitchen with all the necessary equipment to cook. The bathroom is very clean and modern. This studio will be perfect for solo travelers or couples in need of a quiet place to rest.	Bright and cosy flat with quiet courtyard. Very close to Ourcq canal, Villette park and Buttes-Chaumont park. Here is my nice colored flat that is very near to animations of the Ourcq channel. The big window let you see a quiet courtyard and let the sun shine inside. Nice little kitchen with all the necessary equipment to cook. The bathroom is very clean and modern. This studio will be perfect for solo travelers or couples in need of a quiet place to rest. I am musician and I leave a guitar, jazz CDs, DVDs and books at your disposal to make your stay cosier! The neighborhood is great to walk along the channel, to have picnic and play pétanque ! There are two big parks 10min walk from the flat (Buttes Chaumont, La Villette). You'll also find many café/bars by following the channel Saint Martin. Métro number 5 is 3min walk from the flat. It takes 20min to go to Châtelet, 45min to get to both airports. The bed is 110cm wide which is enough for a couple. There's also an additional single m
3965	Superbe appartement familial avec 3 chambres et un bureau chambre d'amis (côté couchages, l'appartement dispose de vrais lits pour 6 personnes + 1 enfant de moins de 6 ans + 1 bébé. En plus nous avons un canapé lit (Habitat) dans le salon, un lit gonflable très confort et un lit parapluie pour accueillir un bébé de plus). 2 salles de bains dont une avec douche, WC et baignoire dans la suite parentale. Grande cuisine ouverte sur la pièce à vivre de plus de 50 m² donnant sur la terrasse. La vue est dégagée et le vis à vis très éloigné.	123 m² flat with 50 m² terrace on the top floor of a well-maintained building in the Villette District next to the Ourcq Canal. 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 50 m² living room with open kitchen All the baby stuff is available: beds, changing tables, toys, etc.
3966	Idéal pour un couple, ce studio très lumineux comporte une pièce principale avec un grand lit double, un canapé et une table basse, une cuisine séparée avec four, plaques de cuisson, frigo, cafetière et vaisselle ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain. 	Idéal pour un couple, ce studio très lumineux comporte une pièce principale avec un grand lit double, un canapé et une table basse, une cuisine séparée avec four, plaques de cuisson, frigo, cafetière et vaisselle ainsi qu'une petite salle de bain.  La wifi est disponible La place Stalingrad est un point stratégique pour découvrir le joli Nord parisien. Partant de la place Stalingrad, le canal Saint-martin et sa poésie offre un lieu unique aux promeneurs curieux de découvrir cet univers unique au fil de l'eau. Un peu plus à l'Ouest, vous découvrirez le très touristique quartier de Montmartre, avec ses rues tortueuses, ses accordéonistes ainsi que le majestueux Sacré-cœur. Vers l'Est, vous découvrirez les quartiers cosmopolites de Belleville et Ménilmontant, avec leurs ruelles pavées, leurs ateliers d'artistes et leurs jolis points de vue, une vraie plongée au coeur du Paris authentique et populaire! Métro, station Stalingrad: lignes n°2, n°7 et n°5 Bus: n° 48 et n°54 Noctilien: n°13, n°
3967	Bright studio 26m2, fully equipped kitchen (gas cooker, fridge, freezer). Furnished, modern and comfortable sofa bed in the lounge. A room for dressing. Bathroom with shower and separate toilet. An entrance hall with storage. Apartment on the second floor, with elevator. Quiet neighborhood. Living and pleasant: Parc de la Villette, 5 minutes, docks and the Ourcq Canal Saint-Martin close to Montmartre to 15 minutes. Feel free to ask me any questions you want! See you soon. Pauline.	Bright studio 26m2, fully equipped kitchen (gas cooker, fridge, freezer). Furnished, modern and comfortable sofa bed in the lounge. A room for dressing. Bathroom with shower and separate toilet. An entrance hall with storage. Apartment on the second floor, with elevator. Quiet neighborhood. Living and pleasant: Parc de la Villette, 5 minutes, docks and the Ourcq Canal Saint-Martin close to Montmartre to 15 minutes. Feel free to ask me any questions you want! See you soon. Pauline.
3968	The view is pretty spectacular, especially for Paris. You don't have a view, you have a panorama. There's no building blocking it, no neighbors close by. Paris permits very few buildings over 6 floors, so this 10th floor view is rare. You can sit on the terrace and watch the water of the Canal, look at the green space of Parc de la Villette or gaze out for a good mile. So this place is full of light, relaxing, well-furnished, has an expensive and soft bed, and has all the things anyone who lives here would need. You can fit 2 in the bedroom, 2 more on the sofa bed, and you could fit 1, maybe 2 kids in the 2nd bedroom, which I have fitted out as a music room. 	54m2, 2-bedroom apartment, fully-stocked as I live here. 1 king-sized bed, 1 sofa bed in big living room, another bedroom which permits sleeping on the floor/a cot. 10th floor, clear view for miles facing north, the Canal and Parc de la Villette too. The view is pretty spectacular, especially for Paris. You don't have a view, you have a panorama. There's no building blocking it, no neighbors close by. Paris permits very few buildings over 6 floors, so this 10th floor view is rare. You can sit on the terrace and watch the water of the Canal, look at the green space of Parc de la Villette or gaze out for a good mile. So this place is full of light, relaxing, well-furnished, has an expensive and soft bed, and has all the things anyone who lives here would need. You can fit 2 in the bedroom, 2 more on the sofa bed, and you could fit 1, maybe 2 kids in the 2nd bedroom, which I have fitted out as a music room.  Nothing off limits, just don't break my musical instruments!  If I am renting out
3969	Beautiful, modern and bright studio overlooking an amazing and typical parisian landscape. The apartment, as well as the whole building have been entirely renovated 3 years ago. I've been living there ever since and I simply LOVE it. The apartment is brand new and provides all the confort you need to enjoy a wonderful stay in Paris: - Good queen size bed  - Japanese table  - Desk  - Open plan, functionnal kitchen (I love cooking so you'll find pretty much everything you need to fix a good french meal except microwave) - Clean and spacious bathroom - Wifi  - Hifi - Washing machine Staying in this apartment, you will explore a neighborhood I came to love. You'll enjoy: - Having every comodities at the reach of a hand (Food stores, farmers market etc) - Activities and walks along the Canal Saint Martin, Canal de l'Ourq, Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de la Villette. - The eclectic prog of the MK2 movie theater, litteraly 30 sec away along the Canal de l'Ourq - Trendy/ hipster as well a	Spacious, modern, bright and cosy studio overlooking an amazing and typical parisian landscape. The apartment, as well as the whole building have been entirely renovated 3 years ago. I've been living there ever since and I simply LOVE it. Beautiful, modern and bright studio overlooking an amazing and typical parisian landscape. The apartment, as well as the whole building have been entirely renovated 3 years ago. I've been living there ever since and I simply LOVE it. The apartment is brand new and provides all the confort you need to enjoy a wonderful stay in Paris: - Good queen size bed  - Japanese table  - Desk  - Open plan, functionnal kitchen (I love cooking so you'll find pretty much everything you need to fix a good french meal except microwave) - Clean and spacious bathroom - Wifi  - Hifi - Washing machine Staying in this apartment, you will explore a neighborhood I came to love. You'll enjoy: - Having every comodities at the reach of a hand (Food stores, farmers market etc) - 
3970	Our loft was designed by an architect in a pleasant and spacious area of 140 m2 with a ceiling height of 3m50, solid oak floor. On the ground floor on the street it is quiet, bright thanks to large windows.  The first room is placed on a raised platform partitioned by a glass roof with a king size bed. Then there is a children's bedroom with a single bed and a baby room can be a single room with an extra bed (mattress).  The kitchen is fully equipped and the dining table can accommodate 4-8 people.  The spacious bathroom has a shower, bath and washing machine.  2 WC.  Wifi. ______________________________ Notre loft a été aménagé par un architecte en un agréable et spacieux espace de 140 m2 avec une hauteur sous plafond de 3m50, sol en chêne massif. En rez-de-chaussée sur rue il est calme, lumineux grâce à ses grandes baies vitrées.  La première chambre est placée sur une estrade surélevée cloisonnée d'une verrière avec un lit double king size. Il y a ensuite une chambre enfant avec un 	Spacious loft typical Parisian 140m2 (3 bedrooms) 100m from the most beautiful Parisian park, Buttes Chaumont. ________________________ Spacieux loft typiquement Parisien de 140m2 (3 chambres) à 100m du plus beau parc Parisien, les Buttes Chaumont. Our loft was designed by an architect in a pleasant and spacious area of 140 m2 with a ceiling height of 3m50, solid oak floor. On the ground floor on the street it is quiet, bright thanks to large windows.  The first room is placed on a raised platform partitioned by a glass roof with a king size bed. Then there is a children's bedroom with a single bed and a baby room can be a single room with an extra bed (mattress).  The kitchen is fully equipped and the dining table can accommodate 4-8 people.  The spacious bathroom has a shower, bath and washing machine.  2 WC.  Wifi. ______________________________ Notre loft a été aménagé par un architecte en un agréable et spacieux espace de 140 m2 avec une hauteur sous plafond de 3m50, sol en chêne 
3971	Studio très calme, lumineux, sans vis-à-vis. La pièce à vivre est très spacieuse avec 4 fenêtres en enfilade et offrant une vue dégagée de Paris. On y aperçoit la géode. La cuisine est séparée de la pièce à vivre. Equipée d'un frigo, plaque à induction, four, micro-ondes et de tous les ustensiles nécessaires. La salle de bains comporte une baignoire. Immeuble moderne avec interphone et 2 ascenseurs. Couchage : jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double, un canapé lit et un matelas). Étage : 11ème. Métro : Riquet ou Crimée (L7), Jaurès ou Stalingrad (L2, L5). Surface : 46 m2. Entrée avec digicode. Équipements : TV, Internet, serviettes et draps inclus, etc. Frais de Ménage : 50 Euros  Caution : 200 Euros  Entrée après 22h : 30 Euros.	Studio de 46m2, lumineux avec 4 fenêtres en enfilade donnant sur une vue dégagée dans une belle pièce à vivre. Cuisine et salle de bains séparés.  Situé au 11ème étage d'un immeuble moderne des années 70 comportant 2 ascenseurs. Studio très calme, lumineux, sans vis-à-vis. La pièce à vivre est très spacieuse avec 4 fenêtres en enfilade et offrant une vue dégagée de Paris. On y aperçoit la géode. La cuisine est séparée de la pièce à vivre. Equipée d'un frigo, plaque à induction, four, micro-ondes et de tous les ustensiles nécessaires. La salle de bains comporte une baignoire. Immeuble moderne avec interphone et 2 ascenseurs. Couchage : jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double, un canapé lit et un matelas). Étage : 11ème. Métro : Riquet ou Crimée (L7), Jaurès ou Stalingrad (L2, L5). Surface : 46 m2. Entrée avec digicode. Équipements : TV, Internet, serviettes et draps inclus, etc. Frais de Ménage : 50 Euros  Caution : 200 Euros  Entrée après 22h : 30 Euros. Situé à 30min en taxi et 45min en tra
3972	Cet appartement vous séduira pour sa situation unique : il donne sur le canal de l'Ourcq, avec ses bateaux, ses arbres et ses joggeurs. Il est spacieux, très fonctionnel et confortable, avec son grand double living, son balcon, ses 2 salles de bain, ses 2 toilettes et sa grande cuisine équipée. L'immeuble est moderne, avec un digicode, un interphone et un gardien. 	Ce grand appartement de 86m2 est situé au bord du canal de l'Ourcq à Paris avec une jolie vue sur l'eau, les bateaux, les arbres et les joueurs de pétanque. Il peut accueillir une famille de 4 à 5 personnes. Proche du parc de la Villette et du métro. Cet appartement vous séduira pour sa situation unique : il donne sur le canal de l'Ourcq, avec ses bateaux, ses arbres et ses joggeurs. Il est spacieux, très fonctionnel et confortable, avec son grand double living, son balcon, ses 2 salles de bain, ses 2 toilettes et sa grande cuisine équipée. L'immeuble est moderne, avec un digicode, un interphone et un gardien. Si besoin, nous avons tout l'équipement nécessaire pour un bébé : lit, chaise bébé, table à langer etc.. Le quartier est extrêment agréable : 2 bistrots très sympathiques sont situés au pied de l'immeuble, pour manger ou boire un verre en face du canal. De nombreux parcs (squares au bord du canal, parc de la villette, parc des buttes chaumont) sont situés près du logement. 2 gran
3973	L'appartement se trouve dans le 19° arrondissement, dans une rue très calmé (rue Barbanègre), animé par le célèbre bar 'espace b'. Il est à deux pas du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette. Il est situé au quatrième étage et orienté sud-est. Il est composé d'un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain, un WC, et une petite cuisine. Il est très propre, claire et calme. Il y a un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon. Il est équipé de wifi, machine à laver et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner... The apartment is located in the 19th arrondissement, in a very calm street (rue Barbanègre), near to the famous bar 'espace b'.  It is close to the Ourcq canal and the Parc de la Villette.  It is located on the fourth floor facing south-east.  The apartment is composed of a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a toilet and a small kitchen.  It is very clean, clear and calm.  There is a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room.  It is equipped with wifi, was	L'appartement se trouve dans le 19° arrondissement, dans une rue très calmé (rue Barbanègre), animé par le célèbre bar 'espace b'. Il est à deux pas du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette. Il est situé au quatrième étage et orienté sud-est. Il est composé d'un salon, une chambre, une salle de bain, un WC, et une petite cuisine. Il est très propre, claire et calme. Il y a un lit double dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon. Il est équipé de wifi, machine à laver et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner... The apartment is located in the 19th arrondissement, in a very calm street (rue Barbanègre), near to the famous bar 'espace b'.  It is close to the Ourcq canal and the Parc de la Villette.  It is located on the fourth floor facing south-east.  The apartment is composed of a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a toilet and a small kitchen.  It is very clean, clear and calm.  There is a double bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room.  It is equipped with wifi, was
3974	Appartement très agréable à vivre, la chambre donne sur une grande terrasse. Salle de bain avec baignoire mise à votre entière disposition.	Appartement très agréable à vivre, la chambre donne sur une grande terrasse. Salle de bain avec baignoire mise à votre entière disposition. A pied, vous pourrez vous rendre directement au parc de la Villette, Cité des Sciences, Grande Halle, Cabaret sauvage .. Nous pouvons donner des conseils et serons présents à l'accueil dans l'appartement. Nous sommes dans un quartier totalement rénové, en pleine mutation.  7 mn à pied du métro : Corentin Cariou, ligne 7 En bas de l'immeuble, station : Canal Saint Denis du tramway T3  Il est très facile de rejoindre le canal pour une belle balade jusqu'à Bastille.
3975	The apartment overlooks Canal de l'Ourcq, steps away from the Villette Park. It is a 2-bedroom apartment, 55 sqm with a balcony, on the 3rd floor with a lift. The area is quiet and residential, the metro station (Ourcq, on line 5) and local amenities are 5mn away. There is also the bus n° 60. The railway located accross, that you can see on the pictures, has not been in use since the 30’s. Nowadays people go there for a walk, or very often for a photo or video shoot. Bare in mind this is not a holiday rental, but our home. We live there daily, therefore we keep all our belongings there. You will be able to stay when we are away, and you’ll be welcome by either ourselves if the timing is right, or by a member of our family. It goes without saying we expect you to take the best care of the place, just as if it were your own home… The master bedroom has a very comfortable queen-size bed (160x200cm) and a wardrobe for your clothes. The second bedroom has a convertible sofa with also a very	The apartment overlooks Canal de l'Ourcq, steps away from the Villette Park. It is a 2-bedroom apartment, 55 sqm with a balcony, on the 3rd floor with a lift. The area is quiet and residential, the metro station (Ourcq, on line 5) and local amenities are 5mn away. There is also the bus n° 60. The railway located accross, that you can see on the pictures, has not been in use since the 30’s. Nowadays people go there for a walk, or very often for a photo or video shoot. Bare in mind this is not a holiday rental, but our home. We live there daily, therefore we keep all our belongings there. You will be able to stay when we are away, and you’ll be welcome by either ourselves if the timing is right, or by a member of our family. It goes without saying we expect you to take the best care of the place, just as if it were your own home… The master bedroom has a very comfortable queen-size bed (160x200cm) and a wardrobe for your clothes. The second bedroom has a convertible sofa with also a very
3976		Une décoration soignée et chaleureuse, mettant tout le monde à l'aise. De nombreux commerces au pied de l'appartement, et le canal de l'ourcq à deux pas pour boire un café après la balade Internet Draps et serviettes propres Magazines (à consulter sur place) Café et thé  Le bassin de la Villette c'est l'endroit idéale pour une balade au cœur du Paris populaire.. On y croise toujours des habitués de la pétanque jouant sur le square Simone Signoret, on peut aller au cinéma et boire son café le long de l'eau..et même sur l'eau en louant une barque pour naviguer sur le canal En se baladant un peu on tombe sur le 104, un centre d'art aux multiples facettes, et puis on arrive dans le parc des Buttes Chaumont, sûrement l'un des plus beaux de Paris  L'appartement se trouve au pied du métro Riquet (ligne 7) Mieux vaut prévoir une valise légère car l'appartement est niché au 6eme étage d'un joli immeuble haussmanien..sans ascenseur ! Allez encore un et ça muscle les cuisses
3977	Bel appartement ensoleillé et confortable (sur deux niveaux) dans un quartier parisien très sympathique, au bord du Bassin de la Villette. Cafés, restaurants et commerces à proximité, à deux pas du métro.  Premier niveau: cuisine, grand salon avec deux canapés (on peut dormir dessus), terrasse ensoleillée, salle de bains, toilettes.   Deuxième niveau : Deux chambres avec lits doubles, toilettes, salle de bains. Cuisine avec fours, cuisinière électrique, lave linge, lave vaisselle, frigidaire, congélateur. Accès Wifi.  Quartier vivant, jeune et sympathique. Promenade très agréable sous les grands arbres le long du canal de l'Ourcq avec petit port de plaisance. Vie animée le soir autour des restaurants et des hôtels au bord de l'eau. Station de métro Riquet, place de parking possible, accès rapide depuis l'aéroport Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle.	Appartement lumineux avec terrasse, au bord de l'eau. Cafés, restaurants et commerces à proximité.    Bel appartement ensoleillé et confortable (sur deux niveaux) dans un quartier parisien très sympathique, au bord du Bassin de la Villette. Cafés, restaurants et commerces à proximité, à deux pas du métro.  Premier niveau: cuisine, grand salon avec deux canapés (on peut dormir dessus), terrasse ensoleillée, salle de bains, toilettes.   Deuxième niveau : Deux chambres avec lits doubles, toilettes, salle de bains. Cuisine avec fours, cuisinière électrique, lave linge, lave vaisselle, frigidaire, congélateur. Accès Wifi.  Quartier vivant, jeune et sympathique. Promenade très agréable sous les grands arbres le long du canal de l'Ourcq avec petit port de plaisance. Vie animée le soir autour des restaurants et des hôtels au bord de l'eau. Station de métro Riquet, place de parking possible, accès rapide depuis l'aéroport Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle. Parking et terrasse Quartier très sympathique e
3978	"My appartment is very well located in between the Parc de la Villette and the Parc des buttes Chaumont. You can walk to the Canal de l'Ourcq very close (50 meters) and enjoy restaurants, cafés. Plus Paris Plage is on during the summer in this area famous now. The metro station ""Laumière"" less than 100 meters walk from the appartment  is on the line 5 and at 10 minutes distance  from gare du Nord and 15 minutes from the center city (Chatêlet, cité). The flat is 47 m2, in a 1930' building,  calm, bright and very confortable with 2 bedrooms, in the first there is a double bed, the small one is a children's beddroom. Two more people can sleep in a sofa convertible in a double bed in the living room. The kitcheen is independant with all you need, (washing machine, oven-microwave, fridge,freezer, toaster, kettle). The bathroom is composed of a small bath and toilettes. You can use my wifi connection, my TV, and my bike (child seat). See you soon! "	"My appartment is very well located in between the Parc de la Villette and the Parc des buttes Chaumont. You can walk to the Canal de l'Ourcq very close (50 meters) and enjoy restaurants, cafés. Plus Paris Plage is on during the summer in this area famous now. The metro station ""Laumière"" less than 100 meters walk from the appartment  is on the line 5 and at 10 minutes distance  from gare du Nord and 15 minutes from the center city (Chatêlet, cité). The flat is 47 m2, in a 1930' building,  calm, bright and very confortable with 2 bedrooms, in the first there is a double bed, the small one is a children's beddroom. Two more people can sleep in a sofa convertible in a double bed in the living room. The kitcheen is independant with all you need, (washing machine, oven-microwave, fridge,freezer, toaster, kettle). The bathroom is composed of a small bath and toilettes. You can use my wifi connection, my TV, and my bike (child seat). See you soon! "
3979		Studio confortable et bien aménagé, proche commerce et transport, résidence calme.
3980		Magnifique appartement 85m2,  Vue sur le canal, près des Buttes Chaumont, à qq stations du centre de Paris,M. Jaures.  Parfait pour 1famille. Très calme. Grande terrasse avec salon de jardin Paris Plage à 2 pas.Petits commerces de proximité.
3981	Un appartement cosy,fonctionnel avec toutes les commodités à deux pas. Une vraie cuisine avec tous les équipements nécessaires,un couloir avec une armoire,un joli espace salon : un canapé,une télé murale pivotante,un canapé sofa 2 places et un espace chambre avec lit double 160x180 Une belle salle de bain avec baignoire et wc.	Un appartement cosy et fonctionnel en plein coeur du 19 eme arrondissement,au bord du canal de l'ourq et du parc de la villette,un quartier sympa pour se balader,écouter un concert,se détendre,déjeuner,diner,boire un verre en bas de la maison. Un appartement cosy,fonctionnel avec toutes les commodités à deux pas. Une vraie cuisine avec tous les équipements nécessaires,un couloir avec une armoire,un joli espace salon : un canapé,une télé murale pivotante,un canapé sofa 2 places et un espace chambre avec lit double 160x180 Une belle salle de bain avec baignoire et wc. Le logement est loué entier,toutes les parties sont accessibles. Je serai joignable par mail pour toute question,conseil de visites,de restaurants sympas ... Un quartier sympa ou il fait bon vivre,très animé coté canal,le parc de la vilette se situe à deux pas et des activités de jour comme de nuit sont organisés. Les transport en commun se trouve avenue de Flandres  Ligne de métro 7 , Bus le 60,borne de taxi,ainsi que loca
3982	Grand Appartement au bord du Canal avec une très belle vue dégagée. M & S vous accueillent dans leur coin de paradis ! L'appartement se situe au 5 ème étage avec ascenceur. 70 m carrés : 2 grandes chambres à coucher décorées avec style (grands lits doubles), 1 salon, 1 cuisine tout équipée (four, micro-ondes, cafetière, frigidaire, congélateur, lave-linge , sèche linge, etc..), 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, un lavabo et les toilettes sont séparés. Proche des commerces de proximité (supermarchés, boulangerie, poste, pharmacie, boucherie, etc..) et des métros (station : Jaurès lignes 2 et 5).  Situé à 10 minutes des Buttes de Chaumont, de la Villette et de Gare du Nord. Vous pourrez aussi rejoindre facilement le quartier de Montmartre et en 15 min en métro vous aurez Bastille, le Marais mais aussi le quartier des Grands Magasins et Opéra... TV, Internet & WIFI et un parking souterrain sont à votre disposition ! 	Grand Appartement au bord du Canal avec une très belle vue dégagée. M & S vous accueillent dans leur coin de paradis ! L'appartement se situe au 5 ème étage avec ascenceur. 70 m carrés : 2 grandes chambres à coucher décorées avec style (grands lits doubles), 1 salon, 1 cuisine tout équipée (four, micro-ondes, cafetière, frigidaire, congélateur, lave-linge , sèche linge, etc..), 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, un lavabo et les toilettes sont séparés. Proche des commerces de proximité (supermarchés, boulangerie, poste, pharmacie, boucherie, etc..) et des métros (station : Jaurès lignes 2 et 5).  Situé à 10 minutes des Buttes de Chaumont, de la Villette et de Gare du Nord. Vous pourrez aussi rejoindre facilement le quartier de Montmartre et en 15 min en métro vous aurez Bastille, le Marais mais aussi le quartier des Grands Magasins et Opéra... TV, Internet & WIFI et un parking souterrain sont à votre disposition ! 
3983	Hello everyone ! I sublet my apartment of 25m ² : -1 main room with mezzanine 2 places and 1 sofa bed for 2 people bed, table and chairs, TV , Internet Wi -Fi -1 fully equipped kitchen, with washing machine -1 bathroom and toilet Apartment in the 19th, Crimée metro (line 7) 3 minute walking, buses 54 and 60 nearby. Very nice and multicultural living area, apartment close to all amenities and activities (supermarkets, shops, banks, restaurants, parks, theaters, ...) near the Ourcq canal, the Parc de la Villette, near the Buttes Chaumont, the Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, 20-30 minutes from the main Parisian monuments. WELCOME ! :)	Hello everyone ! I sublet my apartment of 25m ² : -1 main room with mezzanine 2 places and 1 sofa bed for 2 people bed, table and chairs, TV , Internet Wi -Fi -1 fully equipped kitchen, with washing machine -1 bathroom and toilet Apartment in the 19th, Crimée metro (line 7) 3 minute walking, buses 54 and 60 nearby. Very nice and multicultural living area, apartment close to all amenities and activities (supermarkets, shops, banks, restaurants, parks, theaters, ...) near the Ourcq canal, the Parc de la Villette, near the Buttes Chaumont, the Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, 20-30 minutes from the main Parisian monuments. WELCOME ! :)
3984	renovated last year,  it is a typical parisian apartement (with parquet floor and ceiling  molding, freestanding bath) you can easily sleep at 4 peoples inside. fully furnished : washing machine, wifi. pictures on demand! 	538 ft²: 1br (dble bed), lounge (dblesofa bed), kitchen, bathroom, WC, dressing.  renovated,super quiet and luninous, on 4th and last floor, fullyfurnished, on gardencourtyard. 19th district, metro Crimée ligne7 (close big stations and main citys attractions, near canal Ourcq. typical parisian'decoration towels&sheets provided ENJOY YOUR STAY! renovated last year,  it is a typical parisian apartement (with parquet floor and ceiling  molding, freestanding bath) you can easily sleep at 4 peoples inside. fully furnished : washing machine, wifi. pictures on demand! 25 minutes from charles de gaulle airport on ligne 7 (direct to marais, opera, louvre, pompidou, malls, galerie lafayette or printemps) one step by feet to garden les buttes Chaumont, Canal de l'Ourcq, Parc and museum la Villette, cite de la musique, art space 104. close to Gare du nord and Gare de l'Est bus 54 or 60 By car : Porte de la Villette possibility to rent car and bike down of to the apartement (velib' & autolib')  we 
3985	Typical Hausmanian flat with high ceilings and parquet floors. Three luminous bedrooms, each with a double bed, large windows, mirrors, and fireplaces.  The living room is equiped with a beamer, vinyl turntables, Xbox and the big couches to chill on. There's also a balcony where you can have your breakfast. The bathroom is quiet small but fully equiped with a bath and a laundry machine. The kitchen is also small but you have everything to enjoy french food.	A fully equiped flat, big enough for a large family or a bunch of friends between the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Buttes Chaumont park. 5' away from Gare du Nord train station and 10' away from the city center. Green areas just around the corner. Typical Hausmanian flat with high ceilings and parquet floors. Three luminous bedrooms, each with a double bed, large windows, mirrors, and fireplaces.  The living room is equiped with a beamer, vinyl turntables, Xbox and the big couches to chill on. There's also a balcony where you can have your breakfast. The bathroom is quiet small but fully equiped with a bath and a laundry machine. The kitchen is also small but you have everything to enjoy french food. all rooms You can of course call us whenever you want You can make as much noise as you want during the day, but after 10:00pm you'll have to be quiet. Line 5 is just downstair. 5 minutes away to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est 10 minutes away to République and the Marais 6 peoples are able to 
3986	50m² appartement with a living room and a separete room, bathroom, separete toilets, a little kitchen with everything for cooking, a nice bed. Balcony with 2 chairs. Wi-fi. Close to Metro Crimée. Markets at 500m. Functional, recently refreshed, clean.	"50m² appartement with a living room and a separete room, bathroom, separete toilets, a little kitchen with everything for cooking, a nice bed. Balcony with 2 chairs. Wi-fi. Close to Metro Crimée. Markets at 500m. Functional, recently refreshed, clean 50m² appartement with a living room and a separete room, bathroom, separete toilets, a little kitchen with everything for cooking, a nice bed. Balcony with 2 chairs. Wi-fi. Close to Metro Crimée. Markets at 500m. Functional, recently refreshed, clean. Since the metro station Crimée on line 7 take exit ""Centre commercial"" , up the street ""rue de Crimée"" in the opposite direction of the traffic, walk until the street ""rue curial"" and turn right at the corner with the tobacco seller and walk along the street ""rue curial"" (with palm trees) up to the second lane on the right (at the red light in the middle of the street) you arrive at  24 rue Colette Magny."
3987	New constructed and beautiful studio in Paris. A beautiful apartment with a nice balcony open to a very nice garden, it is centrally located in the 19th arrondissement, accessible by the Metro N° 7 and bus  Close to “La Cité des Sciences et de l’Industrie”, “La Géode”, “Le Parc de la Villette”, “Philharmonie de Paris”, “La Cité de la musique”, and “Le Conservatoire National Supérieur de la musique”. New constructed, the apartment is located in a modern building with elevator. Charming apartment of 30 sqm; open kitchen area, living room and a bathroom with a shower. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 2 people. Facilities: bed linen, towels, dishes, satellite TV, WiFi, microwave, stovetop, fridge, Nespresso, washer dryer, iron etc ...	Charming apartment of 30 sqm, with a nice balcony open to a beautiful garden. Centrally located, accessible by the Metro N° 7 and bus. New constructed, the apartment is located in a modern building with elevator. New constructed and beautiful studio in Paris. A beautiful apartment with a nice balcony open to a very nice garden, it is centrally located in the 19th arrondissement, accessible by the Metro N° 7 and bus  Close to “La Cité des Sciences et de l’Industrie”, “La Géode”, “Le Parc de la Villette”, “Philharmonie de Paris”, “La Cité de la musique”, and “Le Conservatoire National Supérieur de la musique”. New constructed, the apartment is located in a modern building with elevator. Charming apartment of 30 sqm; open kitchen area, living room and a bathroom with a shower. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 2 people. Facilities: bed linen, towels, dishes, satellite TV, WiFi, microwave, stovetop, fridge, Nespresso, washer dryer, iron etc ... Access to the entire apartment. On arrival and
3988	"Very bright and quiet 3 room apartment on the banks of the ""Canal de l'Ourcq"" within walking distance of the Parc de La Villette (open air cinema festival in the summer) , Les Buttes Chaumont, the 104, Paris Plage 19eme. Kitchen opening on a bright and commodious living room. balcony on which you can dine and enjoy a parisian sunset... very pleasant on hot days. nice but not gourmet restaurants otherwise nearby. 2 bedrooms (1 double and 1 with a baby's bed in it) + Convertible sofa in the living room. Bathroom and separate toilet. WIFI but no computer. video projector and big screen.  whole baby equipment"	"Very bright and quiet 3 room apartment on the banks of the ""Canal de l'Ourcq"" within walking distance of the Parc de La Villette (open air cinema festival in the summer) , Les Buttes Chaumont, the 104, Paris Plage 19eme. Kitchen opening on a bright and commodious living room. balcony on which you can dine and enjoy a parisian sunset... very pleasant on hot days. nice but not gourmet restaurants otherwise nearby. 2 bedrooms (1 double and 1 with a baby's bed in it) + Convertible sofa in the living room. Bathroom and separate toilet. WIFI but no computer. video projector and big screen.  whole baby equipment Very nice neighbourhood, especially in the summer (10 min walk from two cinemas, organic supermarket nearby, market on Thursdays and Sundays, nice cafés to meet up with friends, possibility to walk to Montmartre or go by bus (54), etc more information at home in our guide books.  Metro l.7 Crimée (3 min walk) Metro l.5 Laumière (5 min walk) Metro l.2 Jaurès (10 min stroll along the ca"
3989		Charmant studio pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Situé à 2 minutes du métro et a 10 minutes à pieds du canal St-martin, c'est le studio parfait pour éviter les grosses zones touristiques et profiter de Paris différemment.
3990		Lovely parisian apartment in a very nice neighborhood next to 3 very cool spots : Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Canal de l'Ourcq & Parc de la Villette. The inside is very cosy & design. 2 more hosts possible with pneumatic mattress.
3991	Hello, I'm renting my newly refurbished sunny and quiet 1 bedroom! It's a 45 sq meters flat with a bedroom, a living room, bathroom with separated toilets and kitchen. We just finished the works in the kitchen! It's fully equiped with ceramic glass cooktop, oven, dishwasher etc... The bathroom has a tub and a washing machine. The bedroom has a very good natural latex mattress. The veiw is on a nice garden of the residence and the canal. The canal is great in summer for walking, cycling, picnic, having a drink! It's a very trendy area. Metro line 7, Crimée ou 5, Laumière ou 2 Stalingrad. A lot of supermarkets waking 2 minutes around the flat, bars and restaurants. I hope you'll enjoy it! The flat is for non smokers and respectful people.	Hello, I'm renting my newly refurbished sunny and quiet 1 bedroom! It's a 45 sq meters flat with a bedroom, a living room, bathroom with separated toilets and kitchen. We just finished the works in the kitchen! It's fully equiped with ceramic glass cooktop, oven, dishwasher etc... The bathroom has a tub and a washing machine. The bedroom has a very good natural latex mattress. The veiw is on a nice garden of the residence and the canal. The canal is great in summer for walking, cycling, picnic, having a drink! It's a very trendy area. Metro line 7, Crimée ou 5, Laumière ou 2 Stalingrad. A lot of supermarkets waking 2 minutes around the flat, bars and restaurants. I hope you'll enjoy it! The flat is for non smokers and respectful people.
3992		Studio de 17m2, rdc sur cour. Salle de douche, wc, cuisine. Linge de toilette et draps fournis. Internet, tv Métro et bus à 300m. Proche du parc de la Villette Location de courte durée.
3993	Appartement plein de charme, typiquement parisien. Donnant sur cour et jardin très calmes.	Appartement de 30m2 dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris au métro Crimée. Propre et cosy, à 10 minutes à pied de La Villette, à 5 minutes du Canal de l'Ourcq et à 15 minutes des Buttes Chaumont. A 15 minutes en métro d'Opéra. Appartement plein de charme, typiquement parisien. Donnant sur cour et jardin très calmes. Wifi, machine à laver, baignoire, local à vélos, literie très confortable. Je suis à votre disposition pour toute information. Je vous donnerai des tips et bonnes adresses de quartier pour que vous passiez un excellent séjour loin des touristes! Quartier très animé, toujours du monde. Tout est à proximité (5 minutes à pied): supermarché, magasins, restaurants, parcs, Canal de l'Ourcq, La Vilette, le Cent-Quatre. Métro Crimée sur la ligne 7. Logement à 5 minutes à pied de la station de métro.  Depuis l'aéroport Roissy CDG: RER B + métro 5 et 7 (1 heure de trajet) ou navette Depuis l'aéroport d'Orly: RER C + métro 14 et métro 7 (1 heure de trajet) ou navette
3994		Charmant et agréable appartement d'architecte, 33 m2 bien agencé et avec touts conforts. Grande cuisine bien équipé, salle de bains refaite à neuf, et grande sejour/chambre avec une grande vitrée en plein sud, deux terrasses. Parfait pour une couple. L'appartament est à duex minute à pied de la ligne
3995	Cosy and well organized, this small place (20 square meters) is a great place to rest.	"A studio perfect to rest after a long day in Paris ans its tourist sites. Mezzanine, 2 beds, large kitchen. You could also discover the 19th arrondissement, a family district, very nice in the summer. Cosy and well organized, this small place (20 square meters) is a great place to rest. The Paris 19th arrondissement is still unknown from tourists, but it's a lovely arrondissement. Local people love to gather along the docks of the ""Canal de l'Ourcq"", or in the Buttes Chaumont park. Great place to rest after a full day's visit. Le Line 5 of subway allows to reach central station, Republique and Bastille, in less than 20 minutes."
3996	At 8th floor (with elevator), light and warm. You'll feel comfortable at home !	My flat is nice and warm and well located : 30 seconds from metro Crimée, 5 minutes frp At 8th floor (with elevator), light and warm. You'll feel comfortable at home ! I'd be really happy to give you tips to go to nice bars and for visiting the best places in Paris. My flat is really quiet but there is a lot of life in the neighborhood. I'm at 30 seconds of metro (Crimée), 5 minutes by foot from canal de l'Ourcq and ten from pard de la Villette. You have every shops you need. You're at 30 seconds from metro Crimée (line 7) and 10 minutes from Stalingrad (lines 2, 5, 7). You'll live at 20 minutes in metro from Opera. Bus 60 goes at Montmartre in 20 minutes.
3997	Cette maison de 43m2, se compose d'un rez-de-chaussée avec salon/salle à manger et cuisine (canapé-lit 2 places), au premier étage se trouve une chambre d'enfant (lit 1 place), la salle de bain/wc (baignoire) et au deuxième étage une chambre/bureaux (lit 2 places). Réservation de préférence à la semaine lors du mois d'août 2015 (disponibilité du 1er au 16 août et du 18 au 28 août 2015)	"La maison se compose de 3 niveaux et bénéficie d'un accès à une cour permettant des repas en extérieur. Elle se situe au coeur d'un triangle vert : le parc des buttes Chaumont, le canal de l'Ourcq et la cité de La Villette. Cette maison de 43m2, se compose d'un rez-de-chaussée avec salon/salle à manger et cuisine (canapé-lit 2 places), au premier étage se trouve une chambre d'enfant (lit 1 place), la salle de bain/wc (baignoire) et au deuxième étage une chambre/bureaux (lit 2 places). Réservation de préférence à la semaine lors du mois d'août 2015 (disponibilité du 1er au 16 août et du 18 au 28 août 2015) La maison donne sur une cour collective arborée dans laquelle une table et des chaises de jardin sont accessibles à tous. Cela crée une ambiance conviviale ""d'auberge espagnole"" avec un voisinage sympathique et chaleureux. Un vélo adulte homme muni d'un siège enfant (jusqu'à 15 kg), un vélo enfant et une draisienne sont à votre disposition. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. 7j/7j "
3998	"Hi everybody,  We sublet you our lovely flat in the center of Paris. ( subway at 200 meters from our flat, and 15 minutes by subway to the city centrer).  It is avalaible betwwen the 1st August and the 31 of august. We live in a 40 m², with a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, and a bathroom.  The suburb is lively, and we are at 1 min walk to the subway station ""Corentin Cariou"". you will be in the center of Paris in less than 15 minutes (Notre Dame, Saint Michel...).  We offer an equiped kitchen (hoven, fridge, cupboards), multimedia ( TV free internet access), a huge bedroom for 2 persons, and 2 couches, so it's ok to sleep for 6 persons at the same time. We will need a discussion on Skype, a copy of the identity card...  Best regards,  Martin"	"Cosy Flat ! Quiet place, but in a lively suburb, of Paris next to the canal de l'ourcq ! 20 min by subway from the city center..  Wifi included ! Hi everybody,  We sublet you our lovely flat in the center of Paris. ( subway at 200 meters from our flat, and 15 minutes by subway to the city centrer).  It is avalaible betwwen the 1st August and the 31 of august. We live in a 40 m², with a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen, and a bathroom.  The suburb is lively, and we are at 1 min walk to the subway station ""Corentin Cariou"". you will be in the center of Paris in less than 15 minutes (Notre Dame, Saint Michel...).  We offer an equiped kitchen (hoven, fridge, cupboards), multimedia ( TV free internet access), a huge bedroom for 2 persons, and 2 couches, so it's ok to sleep for 6 persons at the same time. We will need a discussion on Skype, a copy of the identity card...  Best regards,  Martin"
3999		Grand 3 pièces de 68m² avec 2 terrasses très calme. Très proche : - Cité des Sciences - Philharmonie de Paris - Zenith Au pied du métro 7, Tram, et Bus station Porte de la Villette, idéal pour visiter Paris en famille.  Parking sécurisé.
4000	الشقة تشمل ما يلي:     -  غرفة نوم مزدوجة مطلة على القناة     -  غرفة المعيشة مع وجهة نظر مذهلة على القناة. الشقة تتمتع الكثير من الضوء على مدار اليوم الهواية المفضلة في الشقة؟ في غرفة المعيشة، افتح النوافذ على مصراعيها للاستمتاع بالنظر هادئة لأخذ الفطور قبل الخروج للمشي قليلا	"شقة باريسية نموذجية، مع منظر مذهل على حوض لا فيليت،  و ما يليه من ألعاب ""الكرة الحديدية""، والزوارق على بعد ربع ساعة عن مونمارتر، 25 دقيقة عن نوتردام أو الشانزليزيه الشقة تشمل ما يلي:     -  غرفة نوم مزدوجة مطلة على القناة     -  غرفة المعيشة مع وجهة نظر مذهلة على القناة. الشقة تتمتع الكثير من الضوء على مدار اليوم الهواية المفضلة في الشقة؟ في غرفة المعيشة، افتح النوافذ على مصراعيها للاستمتاع بالنظر هادئة لأخذ الفطور قبل الخروج للمشي قليلا هذه الشقة هو مكاننا، بيتنا وسوف يكون لك لذلك لا تتردد في جعل نفسك و كأنك في بيتك غرفة معيشة مع أريكة إلى أن ينام شخصين اضافيين إذا كان ذلك ممكنا، القليل من الدردشة عبر الهاتف سيكون مثاليا قبل الإيجار نحن نفضل أن نلتقي بضيفنا لكن إن لم يكن ذلك ممكنا، لدينا الكثير من الأصدقاء الذين يمكن أن يكون هناك بالنسبة لهم مرحبا بكم في حوض لا فيليت! هذه المنطقة من باريس ليست كما هو معروف جيدا كمركز سياحي ولكن هو المكان لتجربة الحياة كما الباريسي، وتتمتع الحدائق سارة (فيليت وبوت-شومونت) والقناة التقليدية. هنا يستمتع الناس بجوار المياه، ولعب الكرة الحديدية التقليدية أ"
4001	Idéalement situé entre le parc de la Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, le point Ephémère et le centre culturel le 104. Location vélo à proximité. Balade pédestre et piste cyclable : 35 kilomètres de piste jusqu'à Pavillons-sous-Bois. Les plus du quartier : la diversité culturelle, le côté familial et festif pendant Paris-Plage, le côté paisible car peu de circulation (voie pavée à sens unique). Péniches, aviron, pétanque, terrasses ombragées, jogging et balades, c'est les vacances toute l'année au pied de l'immeuble !  La cuisine est entièrement équipée, il y a 2 coins salon, un pour se reposer (2 daybeds qui peuvent servir de couchages supplémentaires), devant la télé, un autre devant le balcon, pour prendre le café, l'apéro, face à la vue.  	Idéalement situé entre le parc de la Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, le point Ephémère et le centre culturel le 104. Location vélo à proximité. Balade pédestre et piste cyclable : 35 kilomètres de piste jusqu'à Pavillons-sous-Bois. Les plus du quartier : la diversité culturelle, le côté familial et festif pendant Paris-Plage, le côté paisible car peu de circulation (voie pavée à sens unique). Péniches, aviron, pétanque, terrasses ombragées, jogging et balades, c'est les vacances toute l'année au pied de l'immeuble !  La cuisine est entièrement équipée, il y a 2 coins salon, un pour se reposer (2 daybeds qui peuvent servir de couchages supplémentaires), devant la télé, un autre devant le balcon, pour prendre le café, l'apéro, face à la vue.   place de parking possible Metro Ligne 5 Laumière Ligne 2 Jaurès / Bus / Pistes cyclables Joignable par téléphone, facetime, mail, sms. Mise en contact avec voisins, amis si besoins, conseils. ENGLISH VERSION It is spacious (100m2), light and calm,
4002	Hello, We sublet our lovely, fully furnished flat in central Paris. Our flat is located in central Paris, in a parisian 'old style' building, on the fourth floor with lift. 5mn walk from 'canal de l'Ourq' and 15 mn from famous Buttes Chaumont and Villette parks. Little shops, food market, traditional 'halle' are 1mn walk. Métro : Crimée. Description of the flat : - 4th floor with lift, 35m², wooden floor - 1 room with a double bed, big cloth-set and a desk table  - 1 living room with dining table and 1 sofa (convertible in double bed) - 1 separate kitchen, fully furnished  - 1 bathroom with shower and a tub - 1 separate WC - high speed wifi and free phone to local, european and US numbers All the flat is fully furnished, with all you may need for a nice and enjoyable stay ! We can also provide sheets, blankets and pillows if you want. The price per week is all included.  You can contact me by email if you want further informations, photos, etc... (email hidden) Hope to hear from you so	Hello, We sublet our lovely, fully furnished flat in central Paris. Our flat is located in central Paris, in a parisian 'old style' building, on the fourth floor with lift. 5mn walk from 'canal de l'Ourq' and 15 mn from famous Buttes Chaumont and Villette parks. Little shops, food market, traditional 'halle' are 1mn walk. Métro : Crimée. Description of the flat : - 4th floor with lift, 35m², wooden floor - 1 room with a double bed, big cloth-set and a desk table  - 1 living room with dining table and 1 sofa (convertible in double bed) - 1 separate kitchen, fully furnished  - 1 bathroom with shower and a tub - 1 separate WC - high speed wifi and free phone to local, european and US numbers All the flat is fully furnished, with all you may need for a nice and enjoyable stay ! We can also provide sheets, blankets and pillows if you want. The price per week is all included.  You can contact me by email if you want further informations, photos, etc... (email hidden) Hope to hear from you so
4003	This charming one bedroom apartment of 26m² is a true piece of paradise, situated close to the Canal de l'Ourcq, the Buttes Chaumont and La Villette, Cité de la Musique. The apartment, refurbished by the owner, an architect and lover of design, opens out on to a secure paved garden in a small property that was once workers’ accommodation. The sun, birds and a garden in Paris! With excellent transport links, this bright apartment consists of a living room with kitchen and a bedroom furnished with style. The modern bathroom is equipped with an Italian style shower.   The apartment is located in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, one of the most cosmopolitan neighbourhoods of the capital. This is a young neighbourhood that is rapidly changing with urban renewal and lots of cultural activities: Artists' studios of CENTQUATRE, festivals and events at la Villette and the Cité de la Musique, and of course Paris plage; the new laboratory of current styles. Jogging or picnics in the Buttes Chaum	This charming one bedroom apartment of 26m² is a true piece of paradise, situated close to the Canal de l'Ourcq, the Buttes Chaumont and La Villette, Cité de la Musique. The apartment, refurbished by the owner, an architect and lover of design, opens out on to a secure paved garden in a small property that was once workers’ accommodation. The sun, birds and a garden in Paris! With excellent transport links, this bright apartment consists of a living room with kitchen and a bedroom furnished with style. The modern bathroom is equipped with an Italian style shower.   The apartment is located in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, one of the most cosmopolitan neighbourhoods of the capital. This is a young neighbourhood that is rapidly changing with urban renewal and lots of cultural activities: Artists' studios of CENTQUATRE, festivals and events at la Villette and the Cité de la Musique, and of course Paris plage; the new laboratory of current styles. Jogging or picnics in the Buttes Chaum
4004	Large 3 rooms, comfortable, warm and calm on the 6th floor with lift, at the foot of the Grand Halle de la Villette. close to the canal ourcq. access line 5 door puppet (3mn) metro and tram. 1 adult bedroom (double bed, TV Cable, Canal +) 1 children's room (sleeps 2 children ) Large bright living room with TV corner, wii console, stereo, sofa bed for two persons or extra bed for 1 person. Bathroom with bathtub. Separate toilet. Parc de la Villette (which borders the residence) includes the city of science, the great hall, the Zenith and the city of music. A gigantic garden, which combines nature and architecture, leisure and culture ! Grand 3 pièces , confortables, chaleureux et calmes, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, au pied de la Grande Halle de la Villette. Près du canal de l'ourcq. ligne d'accès 5, station porte de pantin (3mn) métro et de tramway. 1 chambre adulte (lit double, TV par câble, Canal +) 1 chambre d'enfants (peut accueillir 2 enfants) Grand séjour lumineux avec coin TV, 	Grand et calme. Confortable et pratique . Métro et parc de la villette au coin de la rue! Vous serez chez moi comme chez vous . Large 3 rooms, comfortable, warm and calm on the 6th floor with lift, at the foot of the Grand Halle de la Villette. close to the canal ourcq. access line 5 door puppet (3mn) metro and tram. 1 adult bedroom (double bed, TV Cable, Canal +) 1 children's room (sleeps 2 children ) Large bright living room with TV corner, wii console, stereo, sofa bed for two persons or extra bed for 1 person. Bathroom with bathtub. Separate toilet. Parc de la Villette (which borders the residence) includes the city of science, the great hall, the Zenith and the city of music. A gigantic garden, which combines nature and architecture, leisure and culture ! Grand 3 pièces , confortables, chaleureux et calmes, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, au pied de la Grande Halle de la Villette. Près du canal de l'ourcq. ligne d'accès 5, station porte de pantin (3mn) métro et de tramway. 1 chambre
4005	 The flat is located on the third floor of a 1940's building with no elevator, but has got a separated modest bedroom with a very wide bed and confortable bed (160x200cm). The bedroom is overlooking a concrete courtyard, wich is very quiet. The living area is rather bright and over looking the street. It has got a wide sofa bed (160 x 200 ) that will conviniently accomodate 2 extra persons, a fully equiped kitchen, a digital piano and a computer The bathroom is compact but functionnal: it's got a washing machine, a shower, and toilets.	The appartment is warm and welcoming. Ideal for 2 persons, with a confortable bed and fully equiped kitchen, digital piano and computer. Near the Bassin de la Villette and the Buttes Chaumont and a few steps away from the subway, the shops, and the local market.  The flat is located on the third floor of a 1940's building with no elevator, but has got a separated modest bedroom with a very wide bed and confortable bed (160x200cm). The bedroom is overlooking a concrete courtyard, wich is very quiet. The living area is rather bright and over looking the street. It has got a wide sofa bed (160 x 200 ) that will conviniently accomodate 2 extra persons, a fully equiped kitchen, a digital piano and a computer The bathroom is compact but functionnal: it's got a washing machine, a shower, and toilets. The whole apartment will be yours: -A living room with a sofa-bed and a fully equiped kitchen -A separated bedroom with a queen-size confortable bed -A bathroom ********* I will not be in the app
4006	Wooden floors, modern kitchen, modern bathroom, deluxe shower. Very comfortable bed. Safe and calm area. You can get a great nights sleep here without disturbance. If you have bikes you can keep them in just out side the front door in a shared place with the next door apartment. Very close to all the supermarkets and restaurants. Washing machine. Close to the canal with lots of nightlife if you want.	Stunning NEW apartment. Double bedroom. Open large dinning room with a sofa bed if needed, modern kitchen with amazing coffee machine, modern bathroom. On a quiet street 4mins from the Metro. 15mins from Gare de Nord. Safe area. This is a little gem. Wooden floors, modern kitchen, modern bathroom, deluxe shower. Very comfortable bed. Safe and calm area. You can get a great nights sleep here without disturbance. If you have bikes you can keep them in just out side the front door in a shared place with the next door apartment. Very close to all the supermarkets and restaurants. Washing machine. Close to the canal with lots of nightlife if you want. The kitchen, Dinning room, bedroom, bathroom. Do your own thing. Just respect the space as if it were your own. The canal where all the old french chaps play bowls is a 10min walk away. Great for going for a run along. Night life and restaurants too. Its great here, book it. The metro is 4mins away. Easy access to whole of PARIS or hire a bike
4007	This is a working artists loft with the capacity to sleep 4 + and to host upwards of 12 people at dinner. It has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom,dressing room, heating.  It is full of light with 13 windows , 7 of which are in the roof, the ceiling is in places 5 metres high.	This is a large loft style artists studio ,100 sq metres, fully equipped ,located near canal Saint Martin in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. This is a working artists loft with the capacity to sleep 4 + and to host upwards of 12 people at dinner. It has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom,dressing room, heating.  It is full of light with 13 windows , 7 of which are in the roof, the ceiling is in places 5 metres high. internet, TV, Video player, cooking, laundry, internet phone, long distance to land lines are free, calls within most of Europe to mobiles are free.  Guests are free to use the space as they see fit either as a working studio or an apartment. almost none, guests will be met at the start of the stay, laundered sheets, towels,  ext provided,  This area is very authentic, including the science park, the canal, the Stalingrad area with its two M2K cinemas.  Its lively at all times in Avenue Flanders with all city amenities for reasonably priced good restaurants and supermarke
4008	Spacious flat with a cheminée, with 2 separate bedrooms in the 19eme district.  Decorated with contemporain style, Very cosy and luminous, you will feel like at home  5 minutes walking to the subway Crimée (line 7) it is very easy to reach the tourist main area: Les Buttes Chaumont  in 10 min, Eiffel Tower in 30 minutes, Montmartre in 14 minutes, Louvre Museum in 20 minutes and center of Paris (Opera) in 15 minutes. You can easily have a lovely romantic walk along the canal de l’Ourcq. You can chill out and have dinner or pique nique next to the river.  There are so many delicious little restaurants close by, supermarket who closed at midnight, and sweets boulangerie. +WiFi  +Fresh linen and a hair dryer & Towels  +Kitchen is fully equipped with all cutlery, crockery, pots & pans etc  +Washing machine&clothes dryer, dishwasher, fridge freezer ........................................................................................  Commodities next door  +Groceries & French SuperMarche 	Spacious flat with a cheminée, with 2 separate bedrooms in the 19eme district.  Decorated with contemporain style, Very cosy and luminous, you will feel like at home  Spacious flat with a cheminée, with 2 separate bedrooms in the 19eme district.  Decorated with contemporain style, Very cosy and luminous, you will feel like at home  5 minutes walking to the subway Crimée (line 7) it is very easy to reach the tourist main area: Les Buttes Chaumont  in 10 min, Eiffel Tower in 30 minutes, Montmartre in 14 minutes, Louvre Museum in 20 minutes and center of Paris (Opera) in 15 minutes. You can easily have a lovely romantic walk along the canal de l’Ourcq. You can chill out and have dinner or pique nique next to the river.  There are so many delicious little restaurants close by, supermarket who closed at midnight, and sweets boulangerie. +WiFi  +Fresh linen and a hair dryer & Towels  +Kitchen is fully equipped with all cutlery, crockery, pots & pans etc  +Washing machine&clothes dryer, dishw
4009	Located 200 m from the park of Villette, the Cité des Sciences and the geode, the apartment is also close to the banks of the Seine and Loire. All shops nearby and many restaurants and the famous film screenings daily of outdoor la Villette in August.	"Two rooms feature a living room and a bedroom and a bathroom with bathtub. The living room has a sofa - bed, LED TV 102 cm. The bedroom has a 140 cm bed and a desk. Located 200 m from the park of Villette, the Cité des Sciences and the geode, the apartment is also close to the banks of the Seine and Loire. All shops nearby and many restaurants and the famous film screenings daily of outdoor la Villette in August. I am available for any request for information. The calm of the building and the atmosphere of the neighborhood. Metro ""corentin carrioux"" Velib station and tram 100 m"
4010	Le logement est équipé d'une machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle. Les serviettes et le nécessaire de toilette seront mis a disposition. Je n'ai pas la télévision mais un vidéo projecteur connecté à un ordinateur. Possibilité de regarder des films sur grand écran avec système de son 5.1 Une place dans ma penderie sera faite pour le confort des voyageurs.	Le logement est équipé d'une machine à laver le linge et la vaisselle. Les serviettes et le nécessaire de toilette seront mis a disposition. Je n'ai pas la télévision mais un vidéo projecteur connecté à un ordinateur. Possibilité de regarder des films sur grand écran avec système de son 5.1 Une place dans ma penderie sera faite pour le confort des voyageurs. La remise des clefs se fera par moi ou par un ami, un rapide état des lieux d'entrée et de sortie sera effectué. Au vu de l'informatique mis a disposition, une caution de 400€ sera demandé.
4011		Welcome to a charming studio apartment of 27m2, located on the 7th floor (with elevator), panoramic windows, big balcony, double bed, a sofa and armchair, desk, fully equipped kitchen, laundry machine . Arty quarter, all comodities down the building.
4012	With lots of light and an amazing view on the North of Paris (Montmartre, la Défense), my studio can accommodate an solo traveller or a couple (double bed).   Simple, cosy and quiet, it will be an excellent base camp to explore Paris. It is located just next to the Crimée subway station (line 7) in a lively districts with lots of shops around.   The flat is in secured residence with digicode access and a 24/24 security watch.	Cosy 27 m2 studio at the 17th floor of a condo located just above the Crimée metro station in the 19th. Can accommodate up to 2 guests. Close to the Canal Saint-Martin, Jaures/La Rotonde area and Parc de la Villette.  With an amazing view on Paris. With lots of light and an amazing view on the North of Paris (Montmartre, la Défense), my studio can accommodate an solo traveller or a couple (double bed).   Simple, cosy and quiet, it will be an excellent base camp to explore Paris. It is located just next to the Crimée subway station (line 7) in a lively districts with lots of shops around.   The flat is in secured residence with digicode access and a 24/24 security watch. A bath room with a shower cabin, and separate toilets.  An equipped kitchen (small real oven, electric cooking heaters, kettle, fridge) and a washing machine.  I don't have a TV but I have an excellent internet connection. Safe and lively neighborhood, close to the up-and-coming Jaurès area and the Brooklyn like Canal S
4013		Very nice old building next to canal de l'ourq. Bright and comfortable in one of the most trendy neighborhood in Paris. Come and enjoy Paris in a real artist studio. 40 sq meters fully furnished and like in old buildings the toilet is in the hallway
4014		Metro bus taxi et velib a proximité
4015	L'appartamento è accogliente e provvisto di tutto il necessario per un piacevole soggiorno. La camera da letto è spaziosa e dotata di armadio (non si vede nelle foto), cassettiere, luce da notte, scrivania e divano. La cucina è dotata di fuochi a gas, frigo, fornetto elettrico, tavolo con sedie e tutto il necessario per cucinare, pentole, piatti e stoviglie, bicchieri da vino ecc.  	Appartamento di 30mq composto da spaziosa e luminosa camera con letto matrimoniale,  bagno con doccia e cucina attrezzata, a due minuti dalla metro e dal parco La Villette e dal canale Saint Martin. Vicinissimo a supermercati e ristoranti. L'appartamento è accogliente e provvisto di tutto il necessario per un piacevole soggiorno. La camera da letto è spaziosa e dotata di armadio (non si vede nelle foto), cassettiere, luce da notte, scrivania e divano. La cucina è dotata di fuochi a gas, frigo, fornetto elettrico, tavolo con sedie e tutto il necessario per cucinare, pentole, piatti e stoviglie, bicchieri da vino ecc. L'appartamento è interamente disponibile Gli ospiti saranno accolti da Mehdi, gestore del ristorante sotto casa, che potrà accogliervi anche nelle ore serali e farvi assaggiare le specialità francesi! Il quartiere è in fase di riqualifica e stanno sorgendo nuovi ristoranti, caffé e negozi. Il parco della Villette è ricco di attività per adulti e bambini ed è l'ideale per un
4016	Situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) sur 6, mon appartement de 30m2 peut accueillir 4 personnes (2 dans la chambre possédant un lit en 140 cm et 2 dans le salon dans le clic-clac tout neuf proposant un couchage de 140 cm également).  Il est proche du bassin de la Villette, du Parc des Buttes Chaumont et du Parc de la Villette. Les 3 lignes de métro qui le desservent permettent d'être à Montmartre (métro Anvers) en 10 min, Bastille en 15 min et Opéra/Galeries Lafayette en 15 à 20 min, ce qui vous permettra de profiter au mieux de votre séjour à Paris. De plus le quartier est agréable et arboré. Vous trouverez toutes sortes de commerces (Casino, Dia, Franprix...ainsi que deux pharmacies dans un rayon de 200m), des bars, des brasseries ou des restaurants sympas, parfois au bord de l'eau. Il y a également deux cinémas (de 6 salles chacun) au bord du bassin de la Villette, à 300m de chez moi. Concernant l'équipement  que vous pourrez trouver dans mon appartement : la cuisine est équipée d'u	"Cet agréable 2 pièces de 30m2, lumineux et bien situé, possède une salle de bain avec une petite baignoire ""parisienne"", du parquet et des tomettes. Le quartier, familial, est très sympa et verdoyant. Il est proche de sites à découvrir absolument Situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur) sur 6, mon appartement de 30m2 peut accueillir 4 personnes (2 dans la chambre possédant un lit en 140 cm et 2 dans le salon dans le clic-clac tout neuf proposant un couchage de 140 cm également).  Il est proche du bassin de la Villette, du Parc des Buttes Chaumont et du Parc de la Villette. Les 3 lignes de métro qui le desservent permettent d'être à Montmartre (métro Anvers) en 10 min, Bastille en 15 min et Opéra/Galeries Lafayette en 15 à 20 min, ce qui vous permettra de profiter au mieux de votre séjour à Paris. De plus le quartier est agréable et arboré. Vous trouverez toutes sortes de commerces (Casino, Dia, Franprix...ainsi que deux pharmacies dans un rayon de 200m), des bars, des brasseries ou des res"
4017	I live alone in a 40m² flat with a balcony in Paris 19 district. My flat is composed of a bedroom (for you) and a living room where I have a 2-place sofa (where I will sleep during your stay!) and a kitchen and bathroom of course.	Just a nice cosy and clean place in Paris !  I will love to help you with everything you need :) I speak French, english, portuguese and arabic ;) I live alone in a 40m² flat with a balcony in Paris 19 district. My flat is composed of a bedroom (for you) and a living room where I have a 2-place sofa (where I will sleep during your stay!) and a kitchen and bathroom of course. The building is very safe and clean with an elavator, there are food shops, nice Bars, restaurants, subways stations, bus stations, velibs (bicycles), autolibs. It is only 10 mns by foot to “parc de la villette” and very close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. If you want I can show the most emblematic things and also some hidden places in Paris. I work the week so I'm only avalaible the evening and week-end for the visits. The building is very safe and clean, there are food shops, nice Bars, restaurants, subways stations, bus stations, velibs (bicycles), autolibs. It is only 10 mns by foot to “parc de la villette
4018	Lovely, spacious and renovated, modern. Fully functional and confortable. The area is awesome and all facilities are easily accessible. Perfect to stay in paris, Private parking included for your car! 	Nice and modern flat on the canal, 20 mn walk and 10 mn metro from city center, located on the 24th floor (amazing view) with several amenities around (museums , parks, restaurants, bars and shops). Nicely furnished and cosy 45m2. Ideal for couples. Lovely, spacious and renovated, modern. Fully functional and confortable. The area is awesome and all facilities are easily accessible. Perfect to stay in paris, Private parking included for your car! private building so digital code to enter and lift 24th floor (20s) Give me a call, send me an email, ask me all the questions you want to know. In english, italian, french, spanish, even Chinese!!! The canal, so amazing, and some of the most beautiful  parks in Paris, the real Paris! A multicultural environment....very interesting.. Right down the building, public bike renting ( 10mn from Republic metro or Chatelet hypercenter), or metro Line 2, 5, 7. Line 7 down the building ( 15mn from Notre Dame de Paris for instance) 20 mn walk from le Ma
4019	The kitchen is fully equipped with all cooking utensils (pots, pans, cutting boards etc.) and dining supplies (glassware, dishes,) are included as well as the possibility to prepare as many cups of coffee and tea as you want. The wide kitchen counter opens onto the living room with a couch which converts to a double bed and a table which can seat 6. Double-paned glass, electric heat, and a fan keep the apartment comfortable and quiet in any season. The furniture is a charming mix of modern, with antiques’ accents. Come and stay in this comfortable all furnished apartment on the ground floor of a quiet and charming courtyard.  This completely renovated apartment combines casual luxury with modern convenience, and affords more comfort and space than almost any Paris hotel. A fireplace (sorry, decorative only!), original artwork, and eclectic furniture create a cozy ambiance for a relaxing vacation.  This delightful apartment consists of a living & dining room, a fully equipped kitchen wi	This recently renovated apartment is in the 19th arrondissement, within easy walking distance of Parc de la Villette. The apartment (41 sq meters) can sleep up to 4 people. The kitchen is fully equipped with all cooking utensils (pots, pans, cutting boards etc.) and dining supplies (glassware, dishes,) are included as well as the possibility to prepare as many cups of coffee and tea as you want. The wide kitchen counter opens onto the living room with a couch which converts to a double bed and a table which can seat 6. Double-paned glass, electric heat, and a fan keep the apartment comfortable and quiet in any season. The furniture is a charming mix of modern, with antiques’ accents. Come and stay in this comfortable all furnished apartment on the ground floor of a quiet and charming courtyard.  This completely renovated apartment combines casual luxury with modern convenience, and affords more comfort and space than almost any Paris hotel. A fireplace (sorry, decorative only!), origin
4020	calm, nice multicultural area superficie: 20 m2 with mezzanine	 furnished Quiet, sunny, on the last floor of a small building on the 19th arrondissement , close to the canal , Paris Beach, MK2 Cinemas, the Parks of Buttes Chaumont  and La Villette,  the cities of sciences and music. Indoor swimming pool just acr
4021	Appartement 2 chambres un vrai lit double et chambre jeune enfant avec 2 lit jeunes enfants, double salon cloisonnable pour le transformer en chambre avec 2 canapés lits doubles. L'appartement est situé à côté du centre culturel Le 104. Appartement 2 chambres un vrai lit double et chambre jeune enfant avec 2 lit jeunes enfants, double salon cloisonnable pour le transformer en chambre avec 2 canapés lits doubles. L'appartement est situé à côté du centre culturel Le 104. Appartement 2 chambres un vrai lit double et chambre jeune enfant avec 2 lit jeunes enfants, double salon cloisonnable pour le transformer en chambre avec 2 canapés lits doubles. L'appartement est situé à côté du centre culturel Le 104. L'appartement est équipé pour les jeunes enfants. Il dispose d'une terrasse avec vue sur le sacre cœur et la Tour (website hidden), Internet, ordinateur, jeux de sociétés, livres sur Paris, bandes dessines. Proche de la Villette, du 104, parc Eole, quartiers chinois et (website hidden), I	2 Bedrooms 1 for parents and 1 with 1 single bed and cot. 1 double living room that can be separated for a 3rd bedroom with sofa bed. 2 showerooms : Bath and  shower and separated WC.
4022		3-room flat in the 19th arrondissement between the Ourcq and the Saint-Martin Canal. Three minute walk to the metro 2, 4 and 7 ! Perfect for backpackers traveling light (there is not much storage room). Cat-allergic 
4023	Charmant appartement situé au bord du Canal de l'Ourq, à deux pas du Parc de la Villette. Il est composé d'un coin chambre avec un lit double, et d'un coin jour avec une cuisine équipée . La salle de bain possède, un toilette, un lavabo et une baignoire. Dans la cour extérieure privative vous trouverez un table pour prendre le petit déjeuner sous le soleil parisien ainsi que deux chaises longues.	Charmant appartement de 26 m2 situé au bord du Canal de l'Ourq, près du parc de la Villette. Il est composé d'un coin nuit avec un lit double, et d'un coin séjour s'ouvrant sur une grande cour privative ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Charmant appartement situé au bord du Canal de l'Ourq, à deux pas du Parc de la Villette. Il est composé d'un coin chambre avec un lit double, et d'un coin jour avec une cuisine équipée . La salle de bain possède, un toilette, un lavabo et une baignoire. Dans la cour extérieure privative vous trouverez un table pour prendre le petit déjeuner sous le soleil parisien ainsi que deux chaises longues. L'appartement est situé à proximité immédiate d'une piste cyclable qui vous emmènera à Bastille en 20mn et des station de métro Crimée (ligne 7) et Ourq(ligne 5). Je serais enchantée de vous accueillir et de vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier .
4024	Il est ensoleillé toute la journée, dans l'arrière-cour d'un bâtiment très calme, au 4ième étage sans ascenseur, avec un gardien sympathique. Il y a une fenêtre ouvrante sur le ciel. Il n'y a pas de vis à vis. Pour se ressourcer en plein parisPour , c'est l'endroit idéal.	Studio aéré, confortable, ensoleillé toute la journée, meublé. Il contient une petite salle de bain, un coin cuisine toute équipée, un coin salon et une grande mezzanine avec échelle et d'une hauteur de plus d'1,70cm. Les toilettes sont sur le palier Il est ensoleillé toute la journée, dans l'arrière-cour d'un bâtiment très calme, au 4ième étage sans ascenseur, avec un gardien sympathique. Il y a une fenêtre ouvrante sur le ciel. Il n'y a pas de vis à vis. Pour se ressourcer en plein parisPour , c'est l'endroit idéal. Vous avez accès à tout l'équipement ménager dans une seule pièce, ce qui peut-être très pratique. Mon appartement a suffisamment d'espace sans qu'il y ait de proximité. Toutefois, les toilettes sont sur le palier, en commun avec un seul voisin. Ils sont en principe toujours propres. Pour ceux qui souhaitent une continuité d'informations, je serai toujours joignable, quant à ceux qui préfèrent la discrétion, je respecterai cette demande, à partir du moment où peut s'instal
4025	L'appartement a été refait à neuf par un architecte, il est exposé plein sud et est situé au 22ème étage, il est très calme, la vue est magnifique et l'ensoleillement maximum ! On est frappé par la sérénité du lieu, à l'écart du brouhaha urbain Il dispose d'un grande pièce à vivre très agréable et inondée de lumière de 40m2 et d'une loggia équipée d'une table pour déjeuner. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : électroménager haut de gamme (four, lave vaisselle, plaque à induction, congélateur et frigidaire), vaisselle et batterie de cuisine. 2 chambres indépendantes offrent une capacité de 4 personnes: 2 adultes et 2 enfants (1 chambre lit 2 personnes de 160x200 cm et une chambre 2 lits de 80X190  cm) + 2 couchages supplémentaires dans deux canapés-lits dans le séjour. La grande chambre dispose d'un grand dressing de 3m2 pourvu de nombreux rangements. La buanderie est pourvue d'un machine à laver séchante, d'un fer à repasser et d'un planche à repasser. La salle de bain dispose d'un ba	L'appartement a été refait à neuf par un architecte, il est exposé plein sud et est situé au 22ème étage, il est très calme, la vue est magnifique et l'ensoleillement maximum ! On est frappé par la sérénité du lieu, à l'écart du brouhaha urbain Il dispose d'un grande pièce à vivre très agréable et inondée de lumière de 40m2 et d'une loggia équipée d'une table pour déjeuner. La cuisine est entièrement équipée : électroménager haut de gamme (four, lave vaisselle, plaque à induction, congélateur et frigidaire), vaisselle et batterie de cuisine. 2 chambres indépendantes offrent une capacité de 4 personnes: 2 adultes et 2 enfants (1 chambre lit 2 personnes de 160x200 cm et une chambre 2 lits de 80X190  cm) + 2 couchages supplémentaires dans deux canapés-lits dans le séjour. La grande chambre dispose d'un grand dressing de 3m2 pourvu de nombreux rangements. La buanderie est pourvue d'un machine à laver séchante, d'un fer à repasser et d'un planche à repasser. La salle de bain dispose d'un ba
4026		Great apartment of 90m2 (968 sqft) on the 5th floor of a Hausmanian building with elevator, close to new symphony hall, Villette Park and Cité de la Musique,  metro lines : Stalingrad (line 2, 5 and 7) and Riquet station (line 7)
4027	This apartment has all the facilities and equipments to provide your entertainment (HD TV, Blu-Ray/DVD player, Internet) and confort (double bed, NYC style bathroom, center island kitchen).	This splendid and charming apartment is well located and in a beautiful area. Calm, fully-functional and welcoming, you'll feel at home. This apartment has all the facilities and equipments to provide your entertainment (HD TV, Blu-Ray/DVD player, Internet) and confort (double bed, NYC style bathroom, center island kitchen). Present at key handover and each time you'll need me. Located in North/East Paris, you'll be close to the gorgeous canal (Pont de Crimée, Quai de Loire, le 104), the cultural and relaxing Parc de la Vilette (Cité des sciences, La Géode). An area with multiple charms, calm and animated at the same time. Accessible from Metro line 7 (Crimée), Bus lines 60 and 54, and Velib'!
4028	Bright and quiet in a charming old building. It can accommodate a couple plus another person.	Nice bright apartment situated at the edge of the channel(canal) of Ourq. By walk: 5 min from the channel(canal) St-Martin, 5 min from the Parc de La Villette, 10 min from Montmartre, park of the Buttes Chaumont. Subway right down the street. Bright and quiet in a charming old building. It can accommodate a couple plus another person. Ideally located, it allows you to quickly see all the neighborhoods and famous landmarks of Paris (Louvre, Montmartre, canal saint-martin, champs-élysée). I am at the disposal of travelers for any advise about the city. Close to all shops and walks along the canal and in the park of La Villette (Geode, Science City, Zenith ...). Next to station Crimée, line 7 (direct access to the Louvre, galleries Lafayette, Châtelet). At 5 min walk from Jaures station serving line 5 and line 2 (direct access to Montmartre...).
4029	I like to keep the studio clean and tidy. The decoration is simple and modern, no doubt you'll feel at home as soon as you'll step inside. If you are looking for a nice and cosy place to enjoy your stay in Paris, this is exactly what you need!	This modern studio apartment has been entirely renovated and is very functional. I'm confident there is everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris. This little nest is perfect for an affordable yet cosy getaway! I like to keep the studio clean and tidy. The decoration is simple and modern, no doubt you'll feel at home as soon as you'll step inside. If you are looking for a nice and cosy place to enjoy your stay in Paris, this is exactly what you need! Elevator in the building, ultra-fast internet, flat-screen TV with international channels, fully-equipped kitchen at your disposal, etc. Upon arrival, you will also find fresh bed linens and clean towels. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor in the 19th arrondissement. You'll find a few restaurants in the area that serve yummy food (and cheap! - one of the advantages of being in the 19th arrondissement) and many shops if you prefer to cook in the studio. You can also walk 5-10 min to the canal Saint-Martin or continue a bit furt
4030	Logement idéal pour 6 avec un bébé en plus!	Appartement haussmanien, cosy Quartier Flandre, Bassin la Villette métro L7 Crimée. Appartement cuisine complète, salon télé et wifi, lave linge, linge fournit. 5ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon sur avenue, 2 chambres, et pièces à vivre côté cour au calme Logement idéal pour 6 avec un bébé en plus! A 800 m du parc de la villette, de la philarmonie, du Zénith et à 5 minutes à pied de la ligne 7 soit 20 minutes du centre de Paris. Ligne 7, tramway, Velib, Autolib,  à pied paris n est pas si grand!
4031	"Artist's apartment, modern and artistic (the studio of the artist is a few meters away from the apartment!. The industrial and design furniture, and the ground concrete are chosen in a ""minimalist"" vein where the sobriety of lines join to elements of decoration and warm comfort (carpets, lights of the design lamps). Beautiful crossing apartment (the East - the West) at the edge of Bank of the Seine on the Bassin de la Villette (Parisian northeast, 19th district, Paris lines 7 Subway « Riquet »). Its big very green and flowery balcony offers a beautiful view on the marina - channel of Ourcq - and super-markets, former industrial warehouses rehabilitated in artist studios and restaurants.  The bedroom with a double bed (140 cm), a big lounge with a sofa bed (140 cm), a living room (or 2nd room (chamber) with a sofa bed. A fully-equipped kitchen (Dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven...).  In the bedroom, art books and novels of the library are accessible, in the good respect for t"	"Artist's apartment, beautiful crossing flat (the East - the West) modern and design  The industrial and design furniture, and the ground concrete are chosen in a ""minimalist"" vein where the sobriety of lines join to elements of decoration and warm comfort . The place is  at the edge of Bank of the Seine on the Bassin de la Villette (Parisian northeast, 19th district, Paris lines 7 Subway « Riquet ») with a nice view over the Canal and little harbor of La Villette. Artist's apartment, modern and artistic (the studio of the artist is a few meters away from the apartment!. The industrial and design furniture, and the ground concrete are chosen in a ""minimalist"" vein where the sobriety of lines join to elements of decoration and warm comfort (carpets, lights of the design lamps). Beautiful crossing apartment (the East - the West) at the edge of Bank of the Seine on the Bassin de la Villette (Parisian northeast, 19th district, Paris lines 7 Subway « Riquet »). Its big very green and flowery"
4032	Allier intérieur douillet et extérieur avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré Cœur est un luxe à Paris. Ce studio de 30m2 situé dans un quartier en pleine révolution culturelle rappel à la bohème parisienne, l'ambiance est la même que dans l'éléphant de Satine la meneuse de revue du Moulin rouge.  Il comprend une une pièce a vivre de 25m2 avec cuisine toute équipée (ainsi qu'une machine à laver), avec un lit double plus un lit simple, une grande table pour déguster les mets français et une télé écran plat pour se reposer devant un bon film. Un grand dressing dans l'entrée permet de se sentir comme chez soi et enfin la salle de bain avec une grande douche pour se prélasser en fin de journée.. Tout connecté, le wifi est au haut débit, mais une large bibliothèque permet de faire une pause internet!   Atypique, chaleureux et fonctionnel il sera parfait pour séjour dépaysant d'une ou deux semaines parisiennes en amoureux ou entre amis. 	Ce studio atypique parisien, chaleureux et douillet vous laisse le loisir de profiter de une grande terrasse.  Il peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. Tout équipé et connecté il est desservi par trois lignes de métro, parfait pour une immersion parisienne agréable  .. Allier intérieur douillet et extérieur avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré Cœur est un luxe à Paris. Ce studio de 30m2 situé dans un quartier en pleine révolution culturelle rappel à la bohème parisienne, l'ambiance est la même que dans l'éléphant de Satine la meneuse de revue du Moulin rouge.  Il comprend une une pièce a vivre de 25m2 avec cuisine toute équipée (ainsi qu'une machine à laver), avec un lit double plus un lit simple, une grande table pour déguster les mets français et une télé écran plat pour se reposer devant un bon film. Un grand dressing dans l'entrée permet de se sentir comme chez soi et enfin la salle de bain avec une grande douche pour se prélasser en fin de journée.. Tout connecté, le wifi est a
4033		Studio lumineux et meublé situé à quelques pas de la Villette, le long du canal de l'Ourq. Quartier vivant et bobo, l'appartement est situé à côté de la station de métro de Crimée. L'appartement est lumineux et propre. Avec baignoire, cuisine séparée
4034	Charming apt 23 m2. with a real double bed. Very charming, quiet, sunny, fully furnished. Linen and towels provided. Real kitchen and bathroom. Machine à laver le linge. Dressing. At your disposal a computer with Internet. >> For your first morning in Paris, the breakfast is offered. And last night: raclette cheese and ham or cheese fondue you are offered. Ideal location :  The studio is situated on 2sd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode and concierge.  Just near a very good bakery and front of a beautiful park. 2 min walking to reach the famous canal Saint Martin. 2 cinemas and a lot of restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets Ideal location : The studio is betwen 2 subway station (Jaurès or Stalingrad) 200 meters walking to reach the subway. There is 3 lines of metro (n°2, 5 and 7). 10 min to reach the heart of historical Paris.  In front of the building there is a AUTOLIB station: Electrical car rental and each station VELIB: bike rental Se	Very charming, quiet, sunny, fully furnished. Linen and towels provided. Real kitchen and bathroom. washing machine Dressing. At your disposal a computer with Internet. >> For your first morning in Paris, the breakfast is offered. And last night: raclette cheese and ham or cheese fondue you are offered. Charming apt 23 m2. with a real double bed. Very charming, quiet, sunny, fully furnished. Linen and towels provided. Real kitchen and bathroom. Machine à laver le linge. Dressing. At your disposal a computer with Internet. >> For your first morning in Paris, the breakfast is offered. And last night: raclette cheese and ham or cheese fondue you are offered. Ideal location :  The studio is situated on 2sd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode and concierge.  Just near a very good bakery and front of a beautiful park. 2 min walking to reach the famous canal Saint Martin. 2 cinemas and a lot of restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets Ideal location :
4035		Tout est accessible Le quartier est au croisement du bassin de la villette, avec restaurant, café, cinéma, marché, et tout près du quartier de la république et du canal saint-martin. Métro, bus, vélib
4036	This is a grate apartment. Enjoy París.	Studio de 14 m2 au 7ème étage, à côté de metros Crimée. Petite cuisine.  Lit simple plus un matelas extra. Toilettes avec douche. Table avec une chaise. ¡Voilà, c´est tout! This is a grate apartment. Enjoy París. You can use the Metro, the station is Crimée. But also you can use the Bus 60 and 54. The apartment is located in a good place, really central.
4037	Location d'appartement meublé 43 m2 à Paris 19eme (2 chambres, salon, cuisine-lave vaisselle, lave linge, douche-wc) au pied des Buttes-Chamont (métro Laumiere) au 2eme étage.	"1 min from the metro ""Laumiere-line 5""  Near to the famous park Buttes Chaumont and the canal of Ourcq! A cosy appartement with everything that you will need. Location d'appartement meublé 43 m2 à Paris 19eme (2 chambres, salon, cuisine-lave vaisselle, lave linge, douche-wc) au pied des Buttes-Chamont (métro Laumiere) au 2eme étage."
4038	Le logement est situé dans un quartier calme.  L'immeuble est bien entretenu et sécurisé. Digicode à l'entrée.	Studio sympa et lumineux situé dans le 19eme arrondissement de paris, proche métro Crimée, et Ourcq (ligne 5 et 7), à proximité des buttes chaumont et du canal de l'ourcq. Quartier animé (bars, restaurant et commerces). Le logement est situé dans un quartier calme.  L'immeuble est bien entretenu et sécurisé. Digicode à l'entrée. L'appartement est au 4eme étage sans ascenseur. Vous aurez accès à la totalité du studio Studio sympa et lumineux situé dans le 19eme arrondissement de paris, proche métro Crimée, et Ourcq (ligne 5 et 7), à proximité des buttes chaumont et du canal de l'ourcq. Quartier animé (bars, restaurant et commerces).
4039	Very lively part of Paris	Recently renovated 3 rooms flat (77m2) with lift, livingroom, bedroom, study, kitchen, bathroom, balcon.  You can rent the BEDROOM ONLY (2 visitors only) if I am in town or the WHOLE FLAT if I am on holidays (possible for 5 persons) . Just ask. Very lively part of Paris Lively and residential part of Paris near the Canal de la Villette, la Cité des la Musique (museum) et la Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie (museum) I am near the metro station Crimée that leads  to Opera, Louvre and Chatelet. My flat is 5 mn walk from the Metro station CRIMEE ( line 7 ) and from a bus stop with a direct bus (n°54) to Gare du Nord (Eurostar Railway station and Roissy Airport trains)  Another bus stop is in front of my a building with a direct bus (n°60) to Montmartre. In the other direction this bus (n°60) drop you to Piscine Pailleron, an indoor olympic swimming-pool with outdoor garden to sun bath and at the Buttes Chaumont Park ;  Let's say that the flat is in central Paris by métro : 17 mn from Op
4040	Tres lumineux et tres calme. Parfait pour un séjour à Paris en toute Tranquilité avec la Famille ou entres potes :) 	In a quiet and pleasant district at the edge of the river(Canal) of Ourcq. In a recent Building, Big Apartment in very good state. He(it) consists of a living room-dining room, a separate cooking(kitchen), two big rooms(chambers), a bathroom, Toilet
4041		un joli appartement de 37 m² au cœur de paris  spacieux , très lumineux , salon équipé avec deux lits clique-claque , TV et internet ,  salle de bain , cuisine équipé  idéal pour deux personnes ou trois  métro ligne 2 , 5 et 7 quotient 150 €
4042		Petit studio sur les quais, au dernier étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseur, avec un balcon offrant une vue sur la Tour Eiffel et Montmartre. Sans vis à vis. Déco en rouge et noir plutôt moderne. Grande baignoire. Metro: 7 Riquet ou Crimée // 5 Laumière ou Ourq
4043	My flat is on the sixth floor (lift) and very clear. Two large windows open a great courtyard (building 1900), you will not hear the noise from the street. My flat consists of two rooms open to one another (bedroom and living room) and a bathroom. In the room you will have a comfortable bed (two people) and in the living room a sofa bed suitable for a child (possible arrangement for an adult but not very comfortable). The living room includes a kitchenette with an electric hob, a microwave oven, a refrigerator, a coffee maker, a toaster. The bathroom is a separate room closed with a curtain. It is equipped with a sink, a shower and toilet. The flat has an internet connection: WIFI Freetelephone (landlines) to more than 50 countries (Europe, USA, Israël etc.). The apartment is very close to the Bassin de la Villette. The neighborhood is lively during the day and evening: cafes and restaurants along the basin and along the Canal Saint Martin, cinemas, cultural centers (exhibitions, shows	My flat is on the sixth floor (lift) and very clear. Two large windows open a great courtyard (building 1900), you will not hear the noise from the street. My flat consists of two rooms open to one another (bedroom and living room) and a bathroom. In the room you will have a comfortable bed (two people) and in the living room a sofa bed suitable for a child (possible arrangement for an adult but not very comfortable). The living room includes a kitchenette with an electric hob, a microwave oven, a refrigerator, a coffee maker, a toaster. The bathroom is a separate room closed with a curtain. It is equipped with a sink, a shower and toilet. The flat has an internet connection: WIFI Freetelephone (landlines) to more than 50 countries (Europe, USA, Israël etc.). The apartment is very close to the Bassin de la Villette. The neighborhood is lively during the day and evening: cafes and restaurants along the basin and along the Canal Saint Martin, cinemas, cultural centers (exhibitions, shows
4044	I offer a small but nice apartment in the north-east of Paris, suitable for singles or couples.  It consists of 1 bedroom with queen-size bed, 1 living-room separated from the kitchen by a half-wall, and a  bathroom with shower.  It is at the first floor, without elevator, in a mostly quiet street and neighborhood.  You can use all the kitchen appliances (microwave, kettle), the washing machine, and you have free wireless  internet connection with your laptop or other portable device.  There is a digital piano in the bedroom.  Towels and sheets are also provided.  Location: the apartment is in the 19th arrondissement, a few minutes walk from the Parc de la Villette (that includes Cité de la Science, Cité de la Musique, the Zenith) and the scenic Canal de l'Ourcq.  In the immediate vicinity there are all kinds of commerce, several cafés and restaurants, an open-air market three times a week,  two multiplex cinemas, swimming pools Transport: the area is served by the metro, line 5 or 7, 	I offer a small but nice apartment in the north-east of Paris, suitable for singles or couples.  It consists of 1 bedroom with queen-size bed, 1 living-room separated from the kitchen by a half-wall, and a  bathroom with shower.  It is at the first floor, without elevator, in a mostly quiet street and neighborhood.  You can use all the kitchen appliances (microwave, kettle), the washing machine, and you have free wireless  internet connection with your laptop or other portable device.  There is a digital piano in the bedroom.  Towels and sheets are also provided.  Location: the apartment is in the 19th arrondissement, a few minutes walk from the Parc de la Villette (that includes Cité de la Science, Cité de la Musique, the Zenith) and the scenic Canal de l'Ourcq.  In the immediate vicinity there are all kinds of commerce, several cafés and restaurants, an open-air market three times a week,  two multiplex cinemas, swimming pools Transport: the area is served by the metro, line 5 or 7, 
4045		Studio tout équipe avec terrasse refait à neuf au dernier étage à deux pas du canal et proche du métro!
4046	My place is a 25 sq m studio with a 4 sq m balcony with: - 16 sq m maine room with a double size IKEA bed - a small separated entrance with a cupboard - separated kitchen with micro-wave, electrical heater and all commodities - bathroom with a bath and a washing machine	Quiet and sunny 25 sqm studio + 4 sqm balcony, unpon an inner courtyard.  The neighborhood is attractive, along Canal de l'Ourcq, with all the facilities. The residence is clean. My place is a 25 sq m studio with a 4 sq m balcony with: - 16 sq m maine room with a double size IKEA bed - a small separated entrance with a cupboard - separated kitchen with micro-wave, electrical heater and all commodities - bathroom with a bath and a washing machine You wall have access to all parts of the studio. My personal or valuable belongings are in the ceiling. Usually, I'm abroad or away from Paris when I lend my studio. This is the reason why I'm not able to personaly welcome you. Nevertheless, my close family live in the neighborhood and take care my studio during my absence. The neighborhood is relevant of the french melting pot. You can hear langages and taste foods from all over the world. It's plenty of bars and clubs,  and the banks of the canal are free and crowd on summertime.. However (do
4047	APARTMENT FOR RENT IN PARIS – 60sqM, one bedroom, double living room  Starting July 21st: one block away from the Corentin Cariou metro station (line n° 7 – direct to Opéra, Louvre, Galeries Lafayette, Chatelet). 4th floor with elevator. A very practical apartment with parisian charm in an early 1900’s building. Ideal for families with kids, or music and arts lovers, with the close by Villette park, and it’s cultural institutions : Cité des Sciences, Cité de la Musique, La Grande Halle, Cabaret Sauvage…, as well as lawn areas, playgrounds and outdoor festival during the summer. 	60 SqM family apartment. 50m to metro. Clean, sunny and practical. Near park, canal, playgrounds, restaurants. 1-5 persons. Entirely equipped. Suitable for families with kids, allergies. Fairs: 5min Cité des Sciences, Villette. 45 min Parc des Expos. APARTMENT FOR RENT IN PARIS – 60sqM, one bedroom, double living room  Starting July 21st: one block away from the Corentin Cariou metro station (line n° 7 – direct to Opéra, Louvre, Galeries Lafayette, Chatelet). 4th floor with elevator. A very practical apartment with parisian charm in an early 1900’s building. Ideal for families with kids, or music and arts lovers, with the close by Villette park, and it’s cultural institutions : Cité des Sciences, Cité de la Musique, La Grande Halle, Cabaret Sauvage…, as well as lawn areas, playgrounds and outdoor festival during the summer. Entirely furnished and equipped with bed linen, towels, fully equipped kitchen with induction plates, fridge, freezer, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, separate d
4048	"For unknown reasons, we are unable to add more pictures. Check them here, on our second Airbnb page: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7167824 A cosy, clean and modern place overlooking a calm courtyard. Well, this is our little paradise in Paris! Only 3 minutes walking from the canal and a 1 minute walk to a metro (line 7) giving direct access to the best of Paris sightseeing: Opera Garnier, Place Monge, Musée du Louvre and many others. This is a very special place for us because it is where we call home when we aren't traveling and doing research around the Middle East and Western Asia. When you aren't staying here, my excellent friend Arthur and I call it home. We want you to feel like it is your home, too! Our place is perfect for ""the Paris sights"" since it is close to public transport and centrally located. But, when you're done with a day of sight seeing surrounded by tourists, it's time to do as the Parisians do! Take a 5 minute walk and find a place next to the beautiful canal. Tak"	"A cosy two bedroom flat with plenty of sunlight and authentic wood floors. A one minute walk to the nearest metro station, and three minutes walking to the Canal de l'Ourcq and Parc de la Villette. It is located in the nicest spot of the 19 district. For unknown reasons, we are unable to add more pictures. Check them here, on our second Airbnb page: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7167824 A cosy, clean and modern place overlooking a calm courtyard. Well, this is our little paradise in Paris! Only 3 minutes walking from the canal and a 1 minute walk to a metro (line 7) giving direct access to the best of Paris sightseeing: Opera Garnier, Place Monge, Musée du Louvre and many others. This is a very special place for us because it is where we call home when we aren't traveling and doing research around the Middle East and Western Asia. When you aren't staying here, my excellent friend Arthur and I call it home. We want you to feel like it is your home, too! Our place is perfect for ""the Pari"
4049	Important!     Promotion jusqu'au (phone number hidden) ! Etre a  Paris meme, mais loin de la foule des touristes.!!!En meme temps etre a seulement 9!! minutes jusqu'au veritable coeur the Paris - L'Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame depuis la toute proche station de metro Pyrenees!       Appartement quasi neuf,construit  il y a 12 ans.Recement raffraichit a neuf! Dans une residence propre, calme avec des coproprietaires  tres responsables et discrets.Totalement silencueux, sans vis a vis - avec vue jardin. Grande salle de bain avec baignoire..grand miroir,toilettes et seche cheveux.Shampooing et gel douche  à disposition. Kitchinette,avec suffisament d'assietes et couverts,un frigidaire, un four et plaques electriques,grille-pain,bouilloire, cafetière a filtres,machine à café espresso Malongo - café à volonté. Plus un lave et seche linge tout en un.Lessive offerte....Et en plus je viens de mettre mon piano pour ceux qui savent et aiment jouer du piano.Mais je vous prie de ne pas jouer entre	Important!     Promotion jusqu'au (phone number hidden) ! Etre a  Paris meme, mais loin de la foule des touristes.!!!En meme temps etre a seulement 9!! minutes jusqu'au veritable coeur the Paris - L'Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame depuis la toute proche station de metro Pyrenees!       Appartement quasi neuf,construit  il y a 12 ans.Recement raffraichit a neuf! Dans une residence propre, calme avec des coproprietaires  tres responsables et discrets.Totalement silencueux, sans vis a vis - avec vue jardin. Grande salle de bain avec baignoire..grand miroir,toilettes et seche cheveux.Shampooing et gel douche  à disposition. Kitchinette,avec suffisament d'assietes et couverts,un frigidaire, un four et plaques electriques,grille-pain,bouilloire, cafetière a filtres,machine à café espresso Malongo - café à volonté. Plus un lave et seche linge tout en un.Lessive offerte....Et en plus je viens de mettre mon piano pour ceux qui savent et aiment jouer du piano.Mais je vous prie de ne pas jouer entre
4050	This very charming modern apartment, is a part of an ancient apartment building from the 19th Century and is only a few steps away from the Belleville and Colonel Fabien Parisian metro station. This very nicely decorated modern and clean apartment with tile floors, is on the ground floor, no stairs! but has a view down to a courtyard so you feel like you are on the 2nd floor. You will find everything you would expect in a hotel room. towels, bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer, shampoo, conditioner... the apartment has a loft bed, with a new high quality latex double mattress and a single day bed, a wardrobe closet with ironing board and iron, an open concept living room, a new and fully equipped kitchen, a desk for the business traveler and a bathroom with a large shower and rain shower head. You have at your disposal a washing machine/dryer, a stove, new dishes and cutlery, a nespresso machine with complimentary coffee, a hot water maker as well as wi-fi high-speed internet (ADSL), cable and	This very charming modern apartment, is a part of an ancient apartment building from the 19th Century and is only a few steps away from the Belleville and Colonel Fabien Parisian metro station. This very nicely decorated modern and clean apartment with tile floors, is on the ground floor, no stairs! but has a view down to a courtyard so you feel like you are on the 2nd floor. You will find everything you would expect in a hotel room. towels, bedsheets, duvet, hairdryer, shampoo, conditioner... the apartment has a loft bed, with a new high quality latex double mattress and a single day bed, a wardrobe closet with ironing board and iron, an open concept living room, a new and fully equipped kitchen, a desk for the business traveler and a bathroom with a large shower and rain shower head. You have at your disposal a washing machine/dryer, a stove, new dishes and cutlery, a nespresso machine with complimentary coffee, a hot water maker as well as wi-fi high-speed internet (ADSL), cable and
4051	Bonjour, Voici un appartement  en zone piétonne et arborée au carrefour du parc des Buttes Chaumont, de la Mouzaia, de Belleville, de Jourdain et du canal de l'Ourq. Il s'agit d'un appartement traversant lumineux avec fenêtre dans chaque pièce composé de deux pièces principales, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes indépendantes. La chambre est reposante spacieuse d'inspiration zen et au plancher en bambou, le salon de style sixties permet de recevoir et de cuisiner confortablement. La cuisine est entièrement fonctionnelle ; four, plaques à induction, frigidaire, congélateur, ustensiles de  cuisine. La salle de bain est équipée de baignoire à deux jets de douche, d'un grand lavabo équipé avec miroir. Tous les objets d'usage fonctionnel et quotidien y sont à disposition notamment les draps, couvertures, serviettes de bains, fer à repasser et sèche cheveux. La surface totale est  de 47 mètres carrés entièrement sain dans un immeuble familial. Il se situe dans un Paris arboré composé de vi	Bonjour, Voici un appartement  en zone piétonne et arborée au carrefour du parc des Buttes Chaumont, de la Mouzaia, de Belleville, de Jourdain et du canal de l'Ourq. Il s'agit d'un appartement traversant lumineux avec fenêtre dans chaque pièce composé de deux pièces principales, d'une salle de bain et de toilettes indépendantes. La chambre est reposante spacieuse d'inspiration zen et au plancher en bambou, le salon de style sixties permet de recevoir et de cuisiner confortablement. La cuisine est entièrement fonctionnelle ; four, plaques à induction, frigidaire, congélateur, ustensiles de  cuisine. La salle de bain est équipée de baignoire à deux jets de douche, d'un grand lavabo équipé avec miroir. Tous les objets d'usage fonctionnel et quotidien y sont à disposition notamment les draps, couvertures, serviettes de bains, fer à repasser et sèche cheveux. La surface totale est  de 47 mètres carrés entièrement sain dans un immeuble familial. Il se situe dans un Paris arboré composé de vi
4052		2 pièces lumineux près du parc des Buttes Chaumont.
4053		A luxurious, quiet and comfortable three bedroom rental apartment ideal for visitors to PARIS monuments.
4054	Appartement atypique.... Une petite maison chaleureuse et cosy... Un petit air de campagne au coeur de Paris.... 	Joli loft avec sa petite terrasse privée . A 10 minutes des buttes Chaumont. A deux minutes du métro Porte des Lilas situé sur la ligne 11.... Quartier très commerçant.. Multitudes de petits bars et restaurants charmants....  Appartement atypique.... Une petite maison chaleureuse et cosy... Un petit air de campagne au coeur de Paris....  L'intégralité du logement est à leur disposition ainsi que la petite terrasse privative.... si je suis à Paris je l ai acceuillerai avec plaisir et je serai disponible le long du sejour pour toutes leures questions la proximité du parc des buttes Chaumont, le cirque électrique (très beaux spectacles , à seulement quelques minutes à pied ), l'accès facile en transport en commun ( bus métro tramway ) 
4055	The apartment has been fully redesigned in 2010. It is the third floor of a quiet building and offers a wonderful exposure on a court, city houses, and a private. A bike rack is available in the yard. I provide pillow, blanket, towels, guides of Paris and metro maps … oil, sugar, coffee... The entire flat is of course entirely cleaned and prepared before your arrival.	Welcome to your home! Enjoy this bright and calm apartment furnished with a comfortable bedroom. The flat can be reached easily: two metro lines (lines 11 at 300 meters and 7bis at 150 meters) and the Tramway T3 are within walking distance. All publi The apartment has been fully redesigned in 2010. It is the third floor of a quiet building and offers a wonderful exposure on a court, city houses, and a private. A bike rack is available in the yard. I provide pillow, blanket, towels, guides of Paris and metro maps … oil, sugar, coffee... The entire flat is of course entirely cleaned and prepared before your arrival. The 50 square meters are distributed in:  - one bedrooms with a comfortable double bed (160cm).  - a large living room. - a fully equipped kitchen open on the living room.  - bathroom and commodities.  Any question, any time ? Text message, call, email. Feel free to contact me !  Belleville and the Buttes-Chaumont aera are the best of past and future Paris: birthplace of many
4056	NICE CLEAR CALME ONE BEDROOM furnish . in a large occupied apartment. ( only one person in, me ) open view Panoramic on the North Est side of Paris. - FURNISH one  BEDROOM  + WIFI,  IN A SPACIOUS NONE SMOKING APARTMENT ON THE TOP FLOOR, LARGE BATHROOM + shower + wc near. PARC  FACING THE BUILDING FROM THE 70' BASED IN A MIXED ARÉA COLORS OF THE 19 TH ( NORTH EST ) OF PARIS. 5 MN WALK TO 3 SUBWAYS LINES, VELIB, AUTOLIB,  and bus N° 65 One stop from GARE DU NORD and GARE DE L'EST + RER. 3 METROS LINES Number : 5 , 7 ,12.  STATIONS : Stalingrad, RIquet, Marx Dormoy.  3 RESTAURANTS AROUND, and from 10 minutes walk 8 MOVIES THEATERS, AND MANY CAFÉ PLACES OPEN LATE For the young's and others... Use of the kitchen for breakfasts and Light quick cooking ..and full use of the washing machine. Speak English and French. No smoking No pets. Deposit for the Keys. 	Nice claire Room with a View on Montmartre, in large apartment on the top floor of a building of 12 floors. multi cultured aréa of Paris, close to subways Large Bath, Internet, full use of the kitchen, no pets, no smoking place, vegetarian.  NICE CLEAR CALME ONE BEDROOM furnish . in a large occupied apartment. ( only one person in, me ) open view Panoramic on the North Est side of Paris. - FURNISH one  BEDROOM  + WIFI,  IN A SPACIOUS NONE SMOKING APARTMENT ON THE TOP FLOOR, LARGE BATHROOM + shower + wc near. PARC  FACING THE BUILDING FROM THE 70' BASED IN A MIXED ARÉA COLORS OF THE 19 TH ( NORTH EST ) OF PARIS. 5 MN WALK TO 3 SUBWAYS LINES, VELIB, AUTOLIB,  and bus N° 65 One stop from GARE DU NORD and GARE DE L'EST + RER. 3 METROS LINES Number : 5 , 7 ,12.  STATIONS : Stalingrad, RIquet, Marx Dormoy.  3 RESTAURANTS AROUND, and from 10 minutes walk 8 MOVIES THEATERS, AND MANY CAFÉ PLACES OPEN LATE For the young's and others... Use of the kitchen for breakfasts and Light quick cooking ..
4057	"Room with a double loft bed (double mezzanine bed) for rent in a comfortable fully refurbished home (90m2), located at the bottom of a courtyard and secure, including : - 4 bedrooms ; - 1 large living room with wood pile (30m2) ; - 1 fully fitted kitchen (30m2) ; - 1 bathroom (14m2) with toilet ; - game room ; - private terrace ; Location : PARIS 19ème, subway station ""Riquet"" (line 7) less than 1minute ! Comfortable room renovated with double loft bed (double mezzanine bed), including : - chest of drawers ; - bed linen provided ; - wifi connection ; - possibility of adding a cot (provided) for a baby Use of kitchen with all appliances and front room for relaxing : - coffee maker ; - toaster ; - microwave ; - fridge + freezer ; - cooker + oven ; - dishwasher ; - breadmaker ;    You can enjoy your meal in the (website hidden) in the living room (60 inch + home theater + DVD/CD player) Bathroom (14m2) with toilet : - bath/shower ; - towels provided ; - hairdryer ; - washing machine ; - d"	"Room with a double loft bed (double mezzanine bed) for rent in a comfortable fully refurbished home (90m2), located at the bottom of a courtyard and secure, including : - 4 bedrooms ; - 1 large living room with wood pile (30m2) ; - 1 fully fitted kitchen (30m2) ; - 1 bathroom (14m2) with toilet ; - game room ; - private terrace ; Location : PARIS 19ème, subway station ""Riquet"" (line 7) less than 1minute ! Comfortable room renovated with double loft bed (double mezzanine bed), including : - chest of drawers ; - bed linen provided ; - wifi connection ; - possibility of adding a cot (provided) for a baby Use of kitchen with all appliances and front room for relaxing : - coffee maker ; - toaster ; - microwave ; - fridge + freezer ; - cooker + oven ; - dishwasher ; - breadmaker ;    You can enjoy your meal in the (website hidden) in the living room (60 inch + home theater + DVD/CD player) Bathroom (14m2) with toilet : - bath/shower ; - towels provided ; - hairdryer ; - washing machine ; - d"
4058	Cet appartement est très bien situé, à 2 pas de la Villette ou du canal de l'Ourcq et du canal Saint-Martin. ------- The appartment is really close to Canal de l'Ourcq & Canal Saint-Martin 	Quartier dynamique, canal de l'Ourq, parc de la Villette, très proche Stalingrad, desservi par la ligne 7. Si vous cherchez des lieux sympas dans le quartier, je serais ravi de vous renseigner. Le studio fait 20m², entièrement équipé, 3 couchages. Cet appartement est très bien situé, à 2 pas de la Villette ou du canal de l'Ourcq et du canal Saint-Martin. ------- The appartment is really close to Canal de l'Ourcq & Canal Saint-Martin Il donne accès à de nombreux lieux, bars, restaurant, culturels (le 104, Institut de la Musique, Parc de la Villette, le Glazart, le Cabaret Sauvage, ...) ---- You can easily find many pubs, restaurants, cultural & entertaining places (le 104, Institut de la Musique, Parc de la Villette, le Glazart, le Cabaret Sauvage, ...) Métro ligne 7 et lignes à proximité 2 et 5 Bus ligne 60 ------ Sub line 7 just outside the appartment, and line 2 & 5 at 5 minutes.
4059	"Charming flat, very bright, in an old-trendy-typical renoved factory in a cosmopolitan neighborhood. Secure residency with building manager. 50 m2, with a big living room, cosy and old school style with  two confortable sofas (one is convertible - very convenient for sleeping) and a desk corner.  A charming bedroom with a double bed,  a bathroom with a bathtub. Toilets and 2 bookcases in the entrance. Kitchen fully equiped, open to the living room with a bar to eat or to have a drink. There is also a washing machine.  Internet, wifi. Third floor with a lift, in a nice building. 5 mins to the metro ""Crimée"" (north of Paris), 15 mins to the center : Musée du Louvre 20 mins by bus to Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. 10 mins walking to the famous local and must Canal de l'Ourcq (Seine River) great parisian cofees, and parks. Ideal for biking, picknick and enjoy the typical parisian life. All types of shops & grosseries nearby. We are glad to welcome you in a clean and cosy place, Enjoy!"	"Beautiful apartment, 50 m2, large spacious living room with two sofas, one convertible. Very bright, large windows overlooking a quiet courtyard. Kitchen with equipment. Charming flat, very bright, in an old-trendy-typical renoved factory in a cosmopolitan neighborhood. Secure residency with building manager. 50 m2, with a big living room, cosy and old school style with  two confortable sofas (one is convertible - very convenient for sleeping) and a desk corner.  A charming bedroom with a double bed,  a bathroom with a bathtub. Toilets and 2 bookcases in the entrance. Kitchen fully equiped, open to the living room with a bar to eat or to have a drink. There is also a washing machine.  Internet, wifi. Third floor with a lift, in a nice building. 5 mins to the metro ""Crimée"" (north of Paris), 15 mins to the center : Musée du Louvre 20 mins by bus to Sacré Coeur and Pigalle. 10 mins walking to the famous local and must Canal de l'Ourcq (Seine River) great parisian cofees, and parks. Ideal"
4060	Clear and quiet flat (23 square meters) right into the Village Sainte Marthe area. Pretty close to the Canal Saint Martin (8 mn by feet) and Le Marais (20mn by feet). I have not published any picture of the shower room cause it's quite small but there's a shower, a washbasin and a toilet :-). The towels, sheets and a hairdryer are included.	A calm and cosy flat right into the Village Sainte Marthe.  There is a beautiful living room which is also the bedroom (convertible sofa) and a separate kitchen.    Clear and quiet flat (23 square meters) right into the Village Sainte Marthe area. Pretty close to the Canal Saint Martin (8 mn by feet) and Le Marais (20mn by feet). I have not published any picture of the shower room cause it's quite small but there's a shower, a washbasin and a toilet :-). The towels, sheets and a hairdryer are included. A beautiful living room which is the bedroom as well (sofa bed), a separated kitchen and a functional shower room.
4061	Rent complete studio located in the 19th arrondissement of Paris.The studio has been completely renovated by my husband and I to give a cool, funky parisian vibe...It is on the 2st floor with a short climb up the stairs. There is a complete working kitchen with all the amenities. The bathroom has a classic retro feeling with a full size bathtub. The BZ sofa is comfortable with warm blanket and fluffy pillows. The apartment has nice light on a sunny day with 2 windows facing the south. And finally, there is a cool table space that can double as a place to dine or use as a work station. There is a wifi connection with plenty of power inputs close by. We think you will like it:) The apartment is located in Rue Manin between Parc de la Villette and Parc des Buttes Chaumont. The Metro station Porte de Pantin is 5 minutes walk where in between you will find many different shops and restaurants. You will be able to reach all the major stations as Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est in less than 10 mi	Real cute studio 5 minutes walk from one of the most beautiful parc in Paris; Parc des Buttes Chaumont and also from Parc de la Villette, Cité de la Musique, la Géode and Porte de Pantin subway station where you'll find supermarkets, restaurants...  Rent complete studio located in the 19th arrondissement of Paris.The studio has been completely renovated by my husband and I to give a cool, funky parisian vibe...It is on the 2st floor with a short climb up the stairs. There is a complete working kitchen with all the amenities. The bathroom has a classic retro feeling with a full size bathtub. The BZ sofa is comfortable with warm blanket and fluffy pillows. The apartment has nice light on a sunny day with 2 windows facing the south. And finally, there is a cool table space that can double as a place to dine or use as a work station. There is a wifi connection with plenty of power inputs close by. We think you will like it:) The apartment is located in Rue Manin between Parc de la Villette
4062	"WELCOME TO PARIS The apartment is located in a modern residence, at the 6th floor with elevator, unobstructed view, garden side, peace and quiet. It benefits of plenty of sunshine all day long and a calm environment at night (you can't hear any noise during your sleep!). YOUR OWN STUDIO The lounge area has a 32"" TV with 170 + channels and a 3 seater sofa-bed. Sleeping on a double bed king-size very comfortable thanks to its shape memory mattress. The living room features a kitchen with a bar and all the necessary daily appliances: hob, fridge, freezer, coffee machine, toaster, blender, etc... BATHROOM You will have your own private bathroom equipped with a shower. A hairdryer is available, and of course we provide towels. You will also find the washing machine in this room. PARKING The rental comes with a secure parking, located in the basement of the building. Only residents can access it. WIFI Guests have access to high speed broadband through fiber internet. Upon arrival, I give you"	"Book your stay in this beautifully decorated apartment just steps from the Place de la République and the Canal Saint-Martin. You will find all the necessary comforts to make your stay in Paris unforgettable! WELCOME TO PARIS The apartment is located in a modern residence, at the 6th floor with elevator, unobstructed view, garden side, peace and quiet. It benefits of plenty of sunshine all day long and a calm environment at night (you can't hear any noise during your sleep!). YOUR OWN STUDIO The lounge area has a 32"" TV with 170 + channels and a 3 seater sofa-bed. Sleeping on a double bed king-size very comfortable thanks to its shape memory mattress. The living room features a kitchen with a bar and all the necessary daily appliances: hob, fridge, freezer, coffee machine, toaster, blender, etc... BATHROOM You will have your own private bathroom equipped with a shower. A hairdryer is available, and of course we provide towels. You will also find the washing machine in this room. PARKIN"
4063		Studio fonctionnel & accueillant, proche toutes commodités (superette, boulangerie, épicerie, etc) dans un quartier très agréable. A 5 minutes à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont et à 8/10 minutes du métro (Ligne 11). Besoin d'un avis ou d'une idée pour manger & sortir à Paris, j'y réponderai avec plaisir (préférence & connaissance pour l'est parisien !).
4064	Lovely flat with mezzanine near the beautiful park les Buttes Chaumont.  Courtyard, last floor (3rd floor without elevator), quiet. Equipement : Wifi. Fridge. Heating plates. Oven. Washing-machine. Double bed and sofa. Electronic drum ! L'appartement est calme et très agréable. Il reste en même temps proche de l'animation, comme le quartier chinois de Belleville ou le lieu de sorties festives comme Oberkampf (15min à pied). Très accessible au niveau des métros, vous êtes notamment à 20min du centre (Châtelet) ou de Pigalle. Une batterie électronique est présente dans l'appartement. Vous pourrez donc jouer de la batterie au casque si vous le désirez ! The flat is quiet and very pleasant. It's close to the chinese neighboorhood Belleville and from Oberkampf where there are a lot of pubs and clubs (15min by walk).  It is very accessible with metros, 20 min from the center of Paris (Châtelet) or from Pigalle. There is an electronic drum is the flat. You can play with headphones. ;)	Charmant studio avec mezzanine à côté du magnifique parc des Buttes Chaumont. Cour intérieure, dernier étage (3ème sans ascenseur), calme. Equipement : Wifi. Frigo. Plaques chauffantes. Four. Lave-linge. Lit double. Canapé. Batterie électronique! Lovely flat with mezzanine near the beautiful park les Buttes Chaumont.  Courtyard, last floor (3rd floor without elevator), quiet. Equipement : Wifi. Fridge. Heating plates. Oven. Washing-machine. Double bed and sofa. Electronic drum ! L'appartement est calme et très agréable. Il reste en même temps proche de l'animation, comme le quartier chinois de Belleville ou le lieu de sorties festives comme Oberkampf (15min à pied). Très accessible au niveau des métros, vous êtes notamment à 20min du centre (Châtelet) ou de Pigalle. Une batterie électronique est présente dans l'appartement. Vous pourrez donc jouer de la batterie au casque si vous le désirez ! The flat is quiet and very pleasant. It's close to the chinese neighboorhood Belleville and fr
4065	Calme et familial pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au pied du canal de l'Ourcq, à proximité  des bars, parcs, et lieux culturels du 19ème. L'appartement possède deux balcons.  Profitez du calme au coeur de Paris !    Appartement moderne dans une copropriété avec un grand jardin dont vous pourrez profiter.  L'appartement est lumineux avec une vue dégagée sur le canal.  Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement  Je serai là pour vous rencontrer et vous présentez l'appartement et vous donnez des conseils sur la vie du quartier.  Quartier parfait pour les balades à pieds ou en vélo. Possibilité de louer des bateaux pour aller faire des promenades sur le canal de l'Ourcq. Les buttes chaumont et la parc de la Villette sont à 5 min à pieds. Possibilité de rejoindre Chatelet les Halles en métro en 15 min.   Ligne 5 et 7 à proximité  De nombreuses stations de vélib à proximité  	Calme et familial pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au pied du canal de l'Ourcq, à proximité  des bars, parcs, et lieux culturels du 19ème. L'appartement possède deux balcons.  Profitez du calme au coeur de Paris !    Calme et familial pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Au pied du canal de l'Ourcq, à proximité  des bars, parcs, et lieux culturels du 19ème. L'appartement possède deux balcons.  Profitez du calme au coeur de Paris !    Appartement moderne dans une copropriété avec un grand jardin dont vous pourrez profiter.  L'appartement est lumineux avec une vue dégagée sur le canal.  Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement  Je serai là pour vous rencontrer et vous présentez l'appartement et vous donnez des conseils sur la vie du quartier.  Quartier parfait pour les balades à pieds ou en vélo. Possibilité de louer des bateaux pour aller faire des promenades sur le canal de l'Ourcq. Les buttes chaumont et la parc de la Villette sont à 5 min à pieds. Possibilité de rejo
4066		Appartement de 28 m2 au sol avec mezzanine de 10 m2 et d'une hauteur plafond d'1m70. Donne sur rue calme, à 100m du Village Jourdain et des Buttes Chaumont.  Cuisine aménagée neuve, toute équipée. 
4067	"Very cute, modern, practical and very calm/ quiet, fully furnished large studio in Paris, 19e arrondissement (area)  5 minutes from the beautiful park Les Buttes Chaumont, 3 minutes from the subway station Pyrénées, on the line 11 which brings you directly in the center of Paris (Chatelet) in less that 10 minutes. There is everything you need : washing machine, TV Flat screen, Internet, kitchen fully fitted, large dressing, bed for two people (+ an extra mattress if you need) music stuff... My area is an arty, ""bobo"", typical parisian laid back style, ethnically diverse, very pleasant because of the proximity with the Buttes Chaumont Park, and all the best places for concerts, music stuff, best chinese and french restaurants (Canal St Martin, Belleville Chinese area, Ourq Canal with cinemas, Oberkampf with funky bars)  Many outdoor markets, little shops with fresh french typical food (so good!!)  Secondhand market  / flee market almost every week end, where you can meet great parisian "	"Very cute, modern, practical and very calm/ quiet, fully furnished large studio in Paris, 19e arrondissement (area)  5 minutes from the beautiful park Les Buttes Chaumont, 3 minutes from the subway station Pyrénées, on the line 11 which brings you directly in the center of Paris (Chatelet) in less that 10 minutes. There is everything you need : washing machine, TV Flat screen, Internet, kitchen fully fitted, large dressing, bed for two people (+ an extra mattress if you need) music stuff... My area is an arty, ""bobo"", typical parisian laid back style, ethnically diverse, very pleasant because of the proximity with the Buttes Chaumont Park, and all the best places for concerts, music stuff, best chinese and french restaurants (Canal St Martin, Belleville Chinese area, Ourq Canal with cinemas, Oberkampf with funky bars)  Many outdoor markets, little shops with fresh french typical food (so good!!)  Secondhand market  / flee market almost every week end, where you can meet great parisian "
4068	This apartment is in a quiet area of Paris, close from public transport at 20 minutes from the touristic area. It's a clean and comfortable apartment with a big double bed.	Comfortable and very quiet flat. Near the Canal de l'Ourcq, the Parc de la Villette and the new Philharmonie, you can enjoy this area by foot or bicycle. Many facilities are available: Fridge, washing machine, dishwasher, WIFI, comics ...  This apartment is in a quiet area of Paris, close from public transport at 20 minutes from the touristic area. It's a clean and comfortable apartment with a big double bed. You can access to all room of the flat: private bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen, toilets. You can use all household appliances. You can use the phone for free, a computer and Wifi is also available. I will give you some advice on places to see in the neighborhood and Paris in general. Nice walks to do, along the canal, the park of Buttes Chaumont, La Villette ... Many activities at less than 5 minutes in the park: Philharmonie de Paris, music concerts, outdoor cinema, picnic, Cité de la musique, Cité des sciences, Géode ... My place is 20 minutes from downtown by metro or 
4069		Very light and cosy studio apartment, close to park Buttes Chaumont. Small kitchen w everything you need for cooking +espresso machine. Washing machine, bathtub, big bed. Nice restaurants and bars walking distance. Metro Pyrenees / Buttes Chaumont. The guests have access to the entire apartment. If someone wants to stay a longer period I will have a free closet space for them. Calm neighborhood with a big park close by. Lots of bars and restaurants in the area (indian food, really good japonese restaurant, a lot of asian good restaurants and of course french food close by) Metro Pyrenees (line 11) , Jourdain (line 11) and Buttes Chaumont (line 7) are very close. Walking distance to Republique is 20 min.
4070	This is an apartment of 38 sqm. There is a large living room with a dining table, a sofa bed for an extra bed, a flat screen TV 80cm with DVD player, stereo. I am a lover of comics and I have a library in the lounge. The main room is very bright. The room is about 10 m² with a double nine seats (great bed), wardrobe, bedside table and desk. The kitchen is small but fully equipped kitchen (toaster, coffee maker, stove, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, washing machine). The bathroom has a bath and separate toilet. The apartment is very well located. 15 min walk from Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the Canal Saint-Martin, 20 minutes by metro from the Champs-Elysées. The apartment is at the foot of Stalingrad metro line 2. The apartment is on two trans-side very quiet inner courtyard so.	This is an apartment of 38 sqm. There is a large living room with a dining table, a sofa bed for an extra bed, a flat screen TV 80cm with DVD player, stereo. I am a lover of comics and I have a library in the lounge. The main room is very bright. The room is about 10 m² with a double nine seats (great bed), wardrobe, bedside table and desk. The kitchen is small but fully equipped kitchen (toaster, coffee maker, stove, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, washing machine). The bathroom has a bath and separate toilet. The apartment is very well located. 15 min walk from Montmartre, 5 minutes walk from the Canal Saint-Martin, 20 minutes by metro from the Champs-Elysées. The apartment is at the foot of Stalingrad metro line 2. The apartment is on two trans-side very quiet inner courtyard so.
4071	Je propose une chambre tout équipée et tout confort (lit double tout confort et autres rangements- chambre lumineuse) dans un appartement en colocation avec une fille(26ans). L'appart est a 2 min a pied du metro, tout équipé aussi, avec cuisine confortale, salle de bain avec baignoire, il y a un franprix et une boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble, des magasins dont un grand casino à 150m et des café très sympa à 50m au bord du canal (bastringue et bellerive), me contacter pour plus de détails Hi there, I rent my room in a shared flat with another girl,The room is at 2 min from subway station Riquet, quite spacious, brithfull, with double and confortable bed, desk and other tidy furnitures. We have a full equipped kitcken for 4 people, a bathroom with a bath, my roomate is a lovely person and works in communication. The appartment is at 50meter from the canal and lovely parisian cafés-bistrot as Bellerive and Bastringue, there is a small market just above the building and a bakery too, An	Je propose une chambre tout équipée et tout confort (lit double tout confort et autres rangements- chambre lumineuse) dans un appartement en colocation avec une fille(26ans). L'appart est a 2 min a pied du metro, tout équipé aussi, avec cuisine confortale, salle de bain avec baignoire, il y a un franprix et une boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble, des magasins dont un grand casino à 150m et des café très sympa à 50m au bord du canal (bastringue et bellerive), me contacter pour plus de détails Hi there, I rent my room in a shared flat with another girl,The room is at 2 min from subway station Riquet, quite spacious, brithfull, with double and confortable bed, desk and other tidy furnitures. We have a full equipped kitcken for 4 people, a bathroom with a bath, my roomate is a lovely person and works in communication. The appartment is at 50meter from the canal and lovely parisian cafés-bistrot as Bellerive and Bastringue, there is a small market just above the building and a bakery too, An
4072		Hi !  This is a nice & cosy bedroom for two available in a 80 m2 luminous flat. It is located in the 19th arr. near the Butte Chaumont Park, La Vilette Cultural Place, cool bars & Saint Martin beautiful canal. Large kitchen and .
4073	Une gande chambre avec lit double  Un salon avec canapé lit 2 places, confortable Une salle d'eau avec douche Des toilettes séparés Une cuise équipée	Mon logement chaleureux se trouve à 2 min à pieds du Parc des Buttes Chaumont Il est desservi par 2 lignes de métro, qui vous mène en 10 mn Place de la République, en 15 aux Halles. Une gande chambre avec lit double  Un salon avec canapé lit 2 places, confortable Une salle d'eau avec douche Des toilettes séparés Une cuise équipée Le quartier est familliale, vivant mais calme, près de la verdure grâce au parc des Buttes Chaumont.  Un marché se dresse sur la place des fetes deux fois par semaine On trouve également deux grands supermarché, des boulangeries, des cafés et des restaurants 2 lignes de métro (la 11 et la 7 bis) desservent l'appartement.
4074	Capacité d'accueil : 4-5 personnes.  Un lit de 140x200 cm pour deux personnes et un lit de 120x190 cm. Deux couchages supplémentaires :  1 matelas largeur 80x190 cm soutien ferme, posé au sol.  1 canapé 72x180 cm. Situé dans une rue piétonne, les voitures peuvent s'arrêter à 15 mètres de l'entrée de l'immeuble, l'accès à la Résidence est sécurisé par deux portes successives. Ouverture par clé ou interphone. Orienté double exposition est-ouest, il y a deux balcons-terrasse très agréables par beau-temps. Côté est, vue sur jardin, côté ouest vue sur la rue piétonne. Parking sécurise sur place.	Capacité d'accueil : 4-5 personnes.  Un lit de 140x200 cm pour deux personnes et un lit de 120x190 cm. Deux couchages supplémentaires :  1 matelas largeur 80x190 cm soutien ferme, posé au sol.  1 canapé 72x180 cm. Situé dans une rue piétonne, les voitures peuvent s'arrêter à 15 mètres de l'entrée de l'immeuble, l'accès à la Résidence est sécurisé par deux portes successives. Ouverture par clé ou interphone. Orienté double exposition est-ouest, il y a deux balcons-terrasse très agréables par beau-temps. Côté est, vue sur jardin, côté ouest vue sur la rue piétonne. Parking sécurise sur place. Logement entier, vous aurez  accès aux équipements utiles et nécessaires à votre séjour : linge de lit, couette et serviettes de toilette,  cuisine entièrement équipée (vaisselle, cafetière, grille-pain, plaque induction, frigo congélateur, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle), lave-linge, fer et table à repasser, sèche-cheveux, rangements. Eau chaude, chauffage, ascenseur. Tous les appareils sont éle
4075	L’appartement est situé au bord du bassin de la villette, au calme Il comporte, - 3 pièces répartis sur 65 m2  - 1 chambre avec un grand lit  - 1  chambre avec un canapé lit de qualité  - 1 pièce de 25m2 avec un espace salon et salle à manger - Chauffage collectif - 1 cuisine complètement équipée (Four, Réfrigérateur-congélateur, ustensiles de cuisines, vaisselles, cafetière, bouilloire)  - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire - 1 WC Les draps et serviettes sont fournies L'appartement est au 10 ème étage avec ascenseur of course!	Au pied du bassin de la villette et du parc des buttes chaumont, vous avez le sentiment d'être à la campagne en plein cœur de Paris.  Cet appartement lumineux de 65m dispose de 2 grands balcons avec une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et Montmartre Au pied du bassin de la villette et du parc des buttes chaumont, vous avez le sentiment d'être à la campagne en plein cœur de Paris.  Cet appartement lumineux dispose de 2 grands balcons avec une vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et Montmartre L’appartement est situé au bord du bassin de la villette, au calme Il comporte, - 3 pièces répartis sur 65 m2  - 1 chambre avec un grand lit  - 1  chambre avec un canapé lit de qualité  - 1 pièce de 25m2 avec un espace salon et salle à manger - Chauffage collectif - 1 cuisine complètement équipée (Four, Réfrigérateur-congélateur, ustensiles de cuisines, vaisselles, cafetière, bouilloire)  - 1 salle de bain avec baignoire - 1 WC Les draps et serviettes sont fournies L'appartement est au 10 ème étage a
4076	Please read through the comments on the pictures as well, they are an important part of the description of the apartment. The 57m² (615 sq,ft) apartment is situated on the 5th floor and is easily accessed using the elevator on the street level. The entrance to the building is secured with an access code plus a key in the classic Parisian style. There are two bedrooms in two distinct zones which are separated from the living area by sound-proof doors: - The master bedroom with a double bed which you access through a hallway that also leads to the bathroom and toilets. - The second bedroom has a single bed and a pullout bed (90x190cm) so that three configurations are possible:     1- a single bed     2- two single beds     3- one double bed (180x190cm) The flat is ideal for a family with 2/3 children (We can also provide a baby bed if required), two couples or even two persons coming for work reasons The apartment was refurbished in 2012 and special care was taken to make it very safe fo	There are many good reasons to stay in Paris.. We offer you peace and light above the tree tops. Our recently renovated, fully equipped 3-room apartment is on the 5th floor of an early 1900's building w/o vis-à-vis overhangs the nicest park of Paris Please read through the comments on the pictures as well, they are an important part of the description of the apartment. The 57m² (615 sq,ft) apartment is situated on the 5th floor and is easily accessed using the elevator on the street level. The entrance to the building is secured with an access code plus a key in the classic Parisian style. There are two bedrooms in two distinct zones which are separated from the living area by sound-proof doors: - The master bedroom with a double bed which you access through a hallway that also leads to the bathroom and toilets. - The second bedroom has a single bed and a pullout bed (90x190cm) so that three configurations are possible:     1- a single bed     2- two single beds     3- one double bed (
4077		Cool room in an apartment of 3 spaces in the 5th floor. Very well located,the coolest paris B-side place: 3 min walking to Buttes Chaumont Park, Le Bassin de la Villette and Laumière metro station (L 5) and a lot of comerces just around the corner!
4078	The apartment is spacious and bright, with a kitchen in which you can REALLY  cook. The sun shines in the morning in the lounge and all afternoon in the bedroom.	Located in a lively neighborhood, a lovely room with a real Japanese futon, and a nice view on a quiet garden. 2 min walk to Buttes-Chaumont, 2 min walk to the Canal St-Martin and 10 min walk to the Parc de la Villette. The apartment is spacious and bright, with a kitchen in which you can REALLY  cook. The sun shines in the morning in the lounge and all afternoon in the bedroom. You can freely use the washing machine and of course you have access to the living room, the bathroom and the kitchen. Really rich neighborhood with bakeries, market, supermarket, pharmacies and of course nice bars and restaurants for all budgets. Metro station Jaurès, Bolivar or Stalingrad, line 5, 2, 7 and 7bis. The flat is near Gare du nord and Gare de l'Est with direct line 5. The The flat is shared: but no problems; my roommates (a couple) will be notified of your arrival, and will also advise you of your tour (museums, etc) or nice activities you can do in the area !
4079	You will sleep on the couch. 2 people possible. We have all you need to sleep, blankets... 	You will sleep on the couch. 2 people possible. We have all you need to sleep, blankets... Kitchen with all you need to cook or make a coffee. Bathroom with a large bathtub. Washing machine. Sunny terrace, you can even do barbecue! The living room where you sleep. Internet and (website hidden) I can give you a lot of advices to go out, visit, party... And if tou're interested i know a lot about art, museums, exhibitions... The Situation of the flat is very good. Quiet street, nice garden. Next to the Buttes Chaumont Parc. Next to the metro station, taxis and velib. Near to the Canal Saint Martin and the République place.  A lot of restaurants and bars around. You can do many things by foot. metro ligne 2 or 11 stop at belleville
4080	My apartment is at the third floor. It is a very charming place, with a lot light, molding and parquet. There is a separate kitchen, a bedroom and a living room and of course a bathroom. The flat is very cosy, quiet. There is a couch in the living room for a third person. There are a lot of markets and second-hand markets in the neighborhood. Belleville, Père Lachaise, Buttes Chaumont and Oberkampf street are very closed. This street is perfect to have a dinner or to go out in bars. 	Charming appartement with a bedroom, a living room and a separate kitchen; 35m2, molding and parquet. Area very nice, bobo, second-hand trade, markets. Closed to Père Lachaise, Buttes Chaumont, Bellville, rue Oberkampf for bars and restaurants My apartment is at the third floor. It is a very charming place, with a lot light, molding and parquet. There is a separate kitchen, a bedroom and a living room and of course a bathroom. The flat is very cosy, quiet. There is a couch in the living room for a third person. There are a lot of markets and second-hand markets in the neighborhood. Belleville, Père Lachaise, Buttes Chaumont and Oberkampf street are very closed. This street is perfect to have a dinner or to go out in bars.
4081		I am sharing the flat with my room mate.  It’s a 3 rooms flat -> 2 private rooms, a big salon in the middle, bath, kitchen and extra toilette.  The house is located in the 19ieme, next to metro Laumière, between Canal Ourq and Parc Buttes-Chaumont.
4082	Spacious enough and all modern. Fully functional and confortable. Area is awesome and all facilities are easily accessible.  Perfect to stay in paris, enjoy!	       Right next to the parisian canals, and facing a garden.  Super quiet and sunny (when there is sun!). Cosy and comfortable for a weekend or more for a couple coming to Paris.  Restaurants and bars around the corner :) Enjoy!    Spacious enough and all modern. Fully functional and confortable. Area is awesome and all facilities are easily accessible.  Perfect to stay in paris, enjoy! Give me a call, send me an email, ask me all the questions you want to know. :) I love the neighborhood because of the canals. Water always feels good to the mind and the soul :) puts me at peace. You can go by foot to Parc de la Villette or Montmartre and famous parisian place are not far. All the shops and metro right next door. Last but not least, movie theatres right in front the house...just in case you feel (yes most movies are in VO with French subtitles ;) ) 5 minutes walk from the metro station, or bus.
4083	1 living room with open kitchen & seperate bedroom. Appartment on 4th floor with light, large window in every room	"Charming 1 bedroom with fully equiped kitchen and bathroom, 2-5 minutes walk from beautiful Buttes-Chaumont parc, canal saint-martin & canal de l'ourcq. 10-15 minutes away from Montmartre, Pigalle, République, Marais. 1 living room with open kitchen & seperate bedroom. Appartment on 4th floor with light, large window in every room Guests will have acces to the whole appartment which is fully equiped I leave space for guests, and will be available if needed Typical parisian neighberhood, next to Paris essential sites ""Buttes-Chaumont"" & ""Canal Saint-Martin"", excellent for walks, pic-nic and hanging out in sunny days and cool nights in the summer Accessible by 3 metros and 3 bus lines : - Metro 2 & 5 : JAURES - Metro 2 : COLONEL FABIEN - Metro 7bis : BOLIVAR - Bus 26 : JAURES - Bus 46 & 75 : COLONEL FABIEN"
4084	The flat is very charming. It's full of books and plants. It has a nice view and is luminous.	Excellent spot to discover Paris in couple. This two room flat is located in the pleasant area of La Villette, very representative of contemporary Paris. The flat is all equipped. Opera and Montmartre are just 15 min by subway. The flat is very charming. It's full of books and plants. It has a nice view and is luminous. You can use all the kitchen appliances, The washing machine, the internet, the TV, the hifi...  We will be there to welcome you and give you details about the place and the neighborhood. We will always be reachable by phone, text or mail. We will also try to be there when you leave.  We really love our neighborhood. The flat is located in La Villette area. It's just one street from the banks of canal de l'Ourcq. Walking along the canal is always a pleasure. When the weather is fine, it's full of young people and families having picnic or gathering for a chat and a drink. There are two very big and beautiful parks : La Villette and Buttes Chaumonts. There are also many c
4085	L’appartement - The apartment Je partage cet appartement avec ma colocataire et amie Juliette. C’est un grand espace de 60m2, chaleureux, coloré et à l’image de nos passions (avec des livres, des CDs et des plantes un peu partout).  L’appartement est composé d’une grande pièce à vivre (cuisine équipée, salle à manger, salon), de deux chambres séparées, d’une salle de bain et de WC à part. Il se situe au dernier étage (au 4ème) d’un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et donne sur une petite cours très calme. I share this apartment with my roommate and friend Juliette. It is a big space of 60m2, warm, colored, and full of items linked to our passions (with books, CDs and plants almost everywhere).  The apartment is made of a big room (fully-equipped kitchen, dining room, lounge), two separate bedrooms, a bathroom and separate WC. It is situated in the last floor (in the 4th) of a building secured with digital code. It is a very quiet apartment, overlooking a small and quiet yard (no noises 	Au coeur d'un quartier dynamique et coloré, faites escale dans cet appartement chaleureux et ensoleillé au bord du canal de l'Ourcq et à quelques pas du Parc de La Villette. L’appartement - The apartment Je partage cet appartement avec ma colocataire et amie Juliette. C’est un grand espace de 60m2, chaleureux, coloré et à l’image de nos passions (avec des livres, des CDs et des plantes un peu partout).  L’appartement est composé d’une grande pièce à vivre (cuisine équipée, salle à manger, salon), de deux chambres séparées, d’une salle de bain et de WC à part. Il se situe au dernier étage (au 4ème) d’un immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et donne sur une petite cours très calme. I share this apartment with my roommate and friend Juliette. It is a big space of 60m2, warm, colored, and full of items linked to our passions (with books, CDs and plants almost everywhere).  The apartment is made of a big room (fully-equipped kitchen, dining room, lounge), two separate bedrooms, a bathroom and se
4086	For small price you are in Paris, 5 minutes walk public transport metro Crimée. You have comfort, internet, and my personal help. 	For small price you are in Paris, 5 minutes walk public transport metro Crimée. You have comfort, internet, and my personal help. Kitchen is available for you. Flat is only for you during your stay, i will not sleep in the other room. You can contact me anytime for questions.
4087	Bright and beautiful, this spacious 3-bedroom apartment welcomes you to the fabulous neighborhood around the park Butte-Chaumont. With its gorgeous flower-covered balcony, you can enjoy a garden atmosphere with a glass of wine while overlooking the Paris rooftops! Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris!	Bright and beautiful, this spacious 1-bedroom apartment welcomes you to the fabulous neighborhood around the park Butte-Chaumont.  Bright and beautiful, this spacious 3-bedroom apartment welcomes you to the fabulous neighborhood around the park Butte-Chaumont. With its gorgeous flower-covered balcony, you can enjoy a garden atmosphere with a glass of wine while overlooking the Paris rooftops! Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris! The apartment is fully-equipped with everything you need to make yourself at home in Paris, including WiFi, cable TV, an open kitchen with bar, and a clothes washer and tumble dryer. Up to 5 guests, 125spm It's easy to explore all of Paris by metro and bus, but don't forget to explore your own calm, friendly neighborhood with plenty of culture and culinary deights! Favorite nearby restaurants include Chez Prune, Tsipora
4088	L'appartement est  lumineux et situé dans un quartier calme,  Il est agréable à vivre avec parquet, salle de bain et vue dégagée sur la Rotonde Stalingrad.  Le quartier est agréable à vivre: rues spacieuses, commerces, restaurants. On peut faire d'agréables promenades, que ce soit dans les parcs situés a quelques minutes de l'appartement ou bien le long du canal.  Et surtout vous pourrez profiter des activités proposées par Paris plages, du Parc de la Villette: cité des sciences, cité de la musique, théâtre, cirque, salles de concert...  Enfin, l'appartement est pratique d'accès et proche des transports en commun. Les station de métro sont positionnéessur les ligne importantes du réseau métropolitain (ligne 5, 7, 2). Vous pouvez me contacter par téléphone au:  (phone number hidden)	"Dans bel immeuble, au 4ème étage, avec ascenseur, studio de 30m2 avec 3 grandes fenêtres, belle vue dégagée, grande pièce avec lit en mezzanine et canapé-lit en dessous. Situé dans le nouveau quartier chic et prisé de Paris  "" BASSIN de la ViIlette"" L'appartement est  lumineux et situé dans un quartier calme,  Il est agréable à vivre avec parquet, salle de bain et vue dégagée sur la Rotonde Stalingrad.  Le quartier est agréable à vivre: rues spacieuses, commerces, restaurants. On peut faire d'agréables promenades, que ce soit dans les parcs situés a quelques minutes de l'appartement ou bien le long du canal.  Et surtout vous pourrez profiter des activités proposées par Paris plages, du Parc de la Villette: cité des sciences, cité de la musique, théâtre, cirque, salles de concert...  Enfin, l'appartement est pratique d'accès et proche des transports en commun. Les station de métro sont positionnéessur les ligne importantes du réseau métropolitain (ligne 5, 7, 2). Vous pouvez me contacte"
4089	"2 room apartment, 34 m2, bathroom and kitchen. 1 room with a double bed, the other with sofa/bed and fire place. In the kitchen there is all you need and even a washing machine. The windows open to the sunny side (South), and you can even see Montmartre hill. No street noise. The apartment is very well situated between  the beautiful parc Buttes Chaumont on the left hand, and on the right hand the Canal St. Martin with ships, péniches for opera, theater and concerts, bars and restaurants, cinemas and plenty of young people. It's also near to ""Cité de la Musique"", the concert hall ""Zénith"", ""Cité des Sciences"" and ""la Géode"" with plenty of events going  on. It's a very lively area with open market every day, and all the shops you need. 2 metro stations are neaby: Jaurès and Bolivar. Cleaning fee: 25E when you get the keys "	"2 room apartment, 34 m2, bathroom and kitchen. 1 room with a double bed, the other with sofa/bed and fire place. In the kitchen there is all you need and even a washing machine. The windows open to the sunny side (South), and you can even see Montmartre hill. No street noise. The apartment is very well situated between  the beautiful parc Buttes Chaumont on the left hand, and on the right hand the Canal St. Martin with ships, péniches for opera, theater and concerts, bars and restaurants, cinemas and plenty of young people. It's also near to ""Cité de la Musique"", the concert hall ""Zénith"", ""Cité des Sciences"" and ""la Géode"" with plenty of events going  on. It's a very lively area with open market every day, and all the shops you need. 2 metro stations are neaby: Jaurès and Bolivar. Cleaning fee: 25E when you get the keys "
4090	The flat is a 2 rooms apt, located in the best area in Paris : Les Buttes Chaumont  !  Small but well ordered, The apartment is QUIET, COMFORTABLE , FONCTIONNAL ,AUTHENTIC  32m2 , with : - A room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people ) - A Kitchen full equipped - A Nice bathroom ( shower + toilets) - Internet ( WIFI : VERY GOOD CONNECTION ) -TV The flat is very bright and quiet, you'll be able to enjoy the dynamism of the neighboorhoud without being bothered about the noise. But tranquility is earned, my flat is at the last floor without elevator. It's a good training before to climb the eiffel Tower :) Moreover, the location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bars , banks , pharmacies , supermarkets at less than 1mn walk ;p The area is peaceful, safe and  typically parisian.  -The metro  Jourdain (L11)  is at only 2mn, you will be in less 10minutes at Republique.  Thank you and see you soon 	The flat is a 2 rooms apt, located in the best area in Paris : Les Buttes Chaumont  !  Small but well ordered, The apartment is QUIET, COMFORTABLE , FONCTIONNAL ,AUTHENTIC  32m2 , with : - A room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people ) - A Kitchen full equipped - A Nice bathroom ( shower + toilets) - Internet ( WIFI : VERY GOOD CONNECTION ) -TV The flat is very bright and quiet, you'll be able to enjoy the dynamism of the neighboorhoud without being bothered about the noise. But tranquility is earned, my flat is at the last floor without elevator. It's a good training before to climb the eiffel Tower :) Moreover, the location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bars , banks , pharmacies , supermarkets at less than 1mn walk ;p The area is peaceful, safe and  typically parisian.  -The metro  Jourdain (L11)  is at only 2mn, you will be in less 10minutes at Republique.  Thank you and see you soon 
4091	"Charming appartment ( 29m2) in a very rare area named ""Butte Bergeyre"", one of the most secret and insolite village in Paris. One minute from the parc of the Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from Belleville, and 10min from Canal St Martin and Jaures (10 min from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est). The flat is typical, very luminous, quiet and cosy. Perfect for couple or single person. You will find nice bars and restaurants in the neigborhood, and a very beautiful city's panorama at the end of my street. It's a very refined place, and very idyllic, specially during summer. "	"Perfect place to spend some nice days in Paris, very confortable, bright and quiet.  The flat is located in the Butte Bergeyre, a very refined area at 1 min from the Buttes Chaumont and 5 min from Belleville. Some kind of country side in Paris !  Charming appartment ( 29m2) in a very rare area named ""Butte Bergeyre"", one of the most secret and insolite village in Paris. One minute from the parc of the Buttes Chaumont, 5 min from Belleville, and 10min from Canal St Martin and Jaures (10 min from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est). The flat is typical, very luminous, quiet and cosy. Perfect for couple or single person. You will find nice bars and restaurants in the neigborhood, and a very beautiful city's panorama at the end of my street. It's a very refined place, and very idyllic, specially during summer.  Closest Metro, 5min by walk : Belleville / Pyrénées (line 11, 10 min from Châtelet), Colonel Fabien (line 2, 10 min from Montmartre), Jaurès ( line 5, 15 min from Gare du Nord )"
4092	beautiful, large flat 775 sq/f  ( 72 sq/m). Calm, sunny, recently renovated.  Big living room, two bedrooms. Ideal for  family - up to 6 persons.  it's fully furnished, to allow a comfortable vacation, feeling like at  home. Bathroom and toillets separated. The kitchen is big and well equiped. We provide dishes, towells and sheets. A closed parking is optionally for additional fee.  A permanent supervisor lives in the building. The apartement is situated in a new building, 1st floor with elevator, , at a small and quiet street,  only 5 minutes walk both east and west to two commercially busty avenues with a lot of department stores, shopping malls, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, metro and bus stations. Close to China town and Montmartre  ( the Bassilique de Sacre Couer), it has a perfect location between Parc de la Villette and Buttes Chaumont. Parc de la Villette is the largest park in Europe with huge lawns crossed by a beautiful canal, a closed children playground, several open play	beautiful, large flat 775 sq/f  ( 72 sq/m). Calm, sunny, recently renovated.  Big living room, two bedrooms. Ideal for  family - up to 6 persons.  it's fully furnished, to allow a comfortable vacation, feeling like at  home. Bathroom and toillets separated. The kitchen is big and well equiped. We provide dishes, towells and sheets. A closed parking is optionally for additional fee.  A permanent supervisor lives in the building. The apartement is situated in a new building, 1st floor with elevator, , at a small and quiet street,  only 5 minutes walk both east and west to two commercially busty avenues with a lot of department stores, shopping malls, boutiques, cafes, restaurants, metro and bus stations. Close to China town and Montmartre  ( the Bassilique de Sacre Couer), it has a perfect location between Parc de la Villette and Buttes Chaumont. Parc de la Villette is the largest park in Europe with huge lawns crossed by a beautiful canal, a closed children playground, several open play
4093	"...BEDROOM FOR 1 (50€) OR 2 GUESTS (70€)... Situated at the highest spot in Paris between the Park des Buttes Chaumont and the Pere Lachaise cemetery.  It is on the metro route 11. Just 5 minutes away from the Metro line Telegraphe to chatelet from where the Seine meets rue de Rivoli, St Germain des Pres and Notre Dame crossing over the ""Ile de la Cité"". The flat is in the 6th floor with elevator.  With a surface of 140sqm, this comfortable bedroom offers accommodation up to 2 guests.  Clean, tasty warm and homely apartment with wooden floors with an open outlook fully equipped kitchen including a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, an oven, a stove, a sink, a dishwasher.  - 2 Separate bathroom with shower and sink.  - 2 Separate toilet.  Lively, yet quiet neighborhood - the perfect location to discover all of Paris  Only a short stroll away from Marais/Hotel de Ville/convenient métro lines (11,7Bis) and an easy connection to/from Eurostar and airport transport (RER lines B, D, E). 3 times"	"...BEDROOM FOR 1 (50€) OR 2 GUESTS (70€)... Situated at the highest spot in Paris between the Park des Buttes Chaumont and the Pere Lachaise cemetery.  It is on the metro route 11. Just 5 minutes away from the Metro line Telegraphe to chatelet from where the Seine meets rue de Rivoli, St Germain des Pres and Notre Dame crossing over the ""Ile de la Cité"". The flat is in the 6th floor with elevator.  With a surface of 140sqm, this comfortable bedroom offers accommodation up to 2 guests.  Clean, tasty warm and homely apartment with wooden floors with an open outlook fully equipped kitchen including a microwave, a fridge, a freezer, an oven, a stove, a sink, a dishwasher.  - 2 Separate bathroom with shower and sink.  - 2 Separate toilet.  Lively, yet quiet neighborhood - the perfect location to discover all of Paris  Only a short stroll away from Marais/Hotel de Ville/convenient métro lines (11,7Bis) and an easy connection to/from Eurostar and airport transport (RER lines B, D, E). 3 times"
4094	Le charme d'un appartement calme au sein d'un immeuble Haussmanien, situé entre le superbe canal Saint-Martin et le sympathique parc des Buttes Chaumont.	Le charme d'un appartement calme au sein d'un immeuble Haussmanien, situé entre le superbe canal Saint-Martin et le sympathique parc des Buttes Chaumont. Le charme d'un appartement calme au sein d'un immeuble Haussmanien, situé entre le superbe canal Saint-Martin et le sympathique parc des Buttes Chaumont.
4095	C'est un appartement de 80m² est très chaleureux et confortable avec toutes les commodités à disposition, bien placé pour se balader dans Paris.  Nous avons deux chambres avec chacune un lit double et un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon avec son balcon l'appartement donne sur jardin donc très calme.	Appartement familial  de 85 m2, lumineux, calme, comprenant une cuisine, un salon possédant un canapé lit 2 couchages,  2 chambres avec chacune un lit de 2 personnes, une salle de bain, une salle d'eau, un wc séparé.  WIFI  Parking privé sous-terrain C'est un appartement de 80m² est très chaleureux et confortable avec toutes les commodités à disposition, bien placé pour se balader dans Paris.  Nous avons deux chambres avec chacune un lit double et un canapé convertible 2 places dans le salon avec son balcon l'appartement donne sur jardin donc très calme. Inclus :Vaisselle, Serviettes, Draps et couvertures,  Lave-linge, lave vaisselle, plaque 4feux, microondes, refrigerateur, cafetiere,  grille-pain, couverts vaisselles et casseroles, seche cheveux, aspirateur, produits menagers, table de repassage, etendoir. un accès Wi-Fi, l'accès à un bouquet très varié de chaînes télévisées, le tout relié par la fibre optique. Nous sommes à votre disposition si besoin. Notre préoccupation est votre 
4096		Studio tout équipé douillet avec terasse et jardin à proximité immédiate du grand parc des Buttes Chaumont.
4097	This light and very quiet spacious duplex is just a stone’s throw from ‘les Buttes Chaumont’ and ‘canal de l’Ourcq’, and is an ideal place for a family. It consists of a large living room and its open-plan kitchen, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and separate toilets on the ground floor. In the basement - with windows – a 60 m2 room with two single beds – one is 1.60m. in length - and a double berth is to be found . 	In a rare neighbourhood, the countryside in Paris, next to shops and transports, we offer this spacious and functional duplex, consisting of a living room and its open-plan kitchen, an office,  2 bedrooms and a bathrooms. This light and very quiet spacious duplex is just a stone’s throw from ‘les Buttes Chaumont’ and ‘canal de l’Ourcq’, and is an ideal place for a family. It consists of a large living room and its open-plan kitchen, a bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom and separate toilets on the ground floor. In the basement - with windows – a 60 m2 room with two single beds – one is 1.60m. in length - and a double berth is to be found . You will have full access to wifi, and will be able to use the washing machine, the dishwasher and all the equipment of the fitted kitchen. We speak English, and are curious about other cultures. We love our neighbourhood and will be delighted to give you advice about visits and good places. This neighbourhood is unique in Paris, it’s both very qui
4098	Tout confort puisque j'y vis, joliment décoré sur une rue tranquille, située dans la plus belle partie du 19ème arrondissement. Tous services à pied.	Quiet, clean, comfortable and light. My 2 rooms is perfect for 4 persons. Close to Buttes Chaumont Park, Bassin de la Villette and Canal St Martin, all facilities around on Secretan Avenue. A wonderful swimming (email hidden) walking, like Bus and metro stations to city center in 15mn.
4099	A rare chance to stay in a truly luxurious apartment overlooking Paris's famous Buttes Chaumont Park. This huge and luminous apartment on the 6th floor (with elevator) is equipped with everything you may need to make your stay in Paris an authentic and relaxing one including a balcony that runs the entire length (offering spectacular views of the verdant park) highspeed internet and a state of the art kitchen with induction cooker, genuine expresso machine etc' should you wish to entertain. Take your pick of things to do from the abundant and safe neighbourhood be it the nearby bustle of Belleville to the very best of Paris's non touristy restaurants, bars and cafes a short stroll away. You will be spoilt for choice (even if after checking in you decide you'd rather not go anywhere). Walk down to the Canal St Martin or into the Marais for a spot of shopping. Take the metro into Hotel de Ville from the nearby line 11 or 2. Blend in like a local and after a day exploring the city enjoy t	A rare chance to stay in a truly luxurious apartment overlooking Paris's famous Buttes Chaumont Park. This huge and luminous apartment on the 6th floor (with elevator) is equipped with everything you may need to make your stay in Paris an authentic and relaxing one including a balcony that runs the entire length (offering spectacular views of the verdant park) highspeed internet and a state of the art kitchen with induction cooker, genuine expresso machine etc' should you wish to entertain. Take your pick of things to do from the abundant and safe neighbourhood be it the nearby bustle of Belleville to the very best of Paris's non touristy restaurants, bars and cafes a short stroll away. You will be spoilt for choice (even if after checking in you decide you'd rather not go anywhere). Walk down to the Canal St Martin or into the Marais for a spot of shopping. Take the metro into Hotel de Ville from the nearby line 11 or 2. Blend in like a local and after a day exploring the city enjoy t
4100	Le logement est équipé de grandes baies vitrées dans le salon, offrant une vue sublime de Paris ; notamment du Sacré Coeur, de la Tour Montparnasse... Une terrasse des plus agréables vous donnera la possibilité de prendre vos repas au soleil sur des fauteuils accueillant. 	Deux pièces de 50m2 en duplex tout équipé. Très belle terrasse de 16m2 avec vue sur le canal de l'Ourcq. Très belle vue de Paris. Très proche métro (3 minutes à pied). Proche de tous les monuments à visiter. 1 lit 2 places + très grand canapé d'angle Le logement est équipé de grandes baies vitrées dans le salon, offrant une vue sublime de Paris ; notamment du Sacré Coeur, de la Tour Montparnasse... Une terrasse des plus agréables vous donnera la possibilité de prendre vos repas au soleil sur des fauteuils accueillant. Tout est fait dans cet appartement pour que vous vous sentiez CHEZ VOUS. Canapé d'angle très confortable...cuisine toute équipée (micro onde, frigo, lave vaisselle, machine à laver, plaque électrique, grille pain, bouilloire, four)...beaucoup de rangement dans la chambre (pour pouvoir ranger toute votre garde robe Mesdames...et Messieurs), une machine à laver. Je vous accueille lors de votre arrivée au métro Riquet ou directement à l'adresse de l'appartement.  Durant tout
4101	Propose une chambre indépendante idéale pour un couple, lumineuse et confortable, dans un 35m2, à partager dans le 19 ème arrondissement de Paris.  Immeuble arts deco au sixième étage, avec ascenseur (à 1mn du métro)  	Propose une chambre indépendante idéale pour un couple, lumineuse et confortable, dans un 35m2, à partager dans le 19 ème arrondissement de Paris.  Immeuble arts deco au sixième étage, avec ascenseur (à 1mn du métro)  Le quartier est très commercant, vous trouverez un boucher, un primeur, un boulanger ... à moins de 2 min, mais aussi de nombreux petits bars-restaurants branchés pour manger ou se balader sur les rives ou dans les parcs. Desservi par la ligne 5 / 2 / 7 La gare du nord est à 3 stations puis direct pour les 2 aéroports.  Bus : lignes 60 / 75 / 48 Vous serez à 10 minutes en métro du parc de la Villette, de Montmartre, du célèbre cimetière Père-Lachaise. 
4102		L'appartement se situe au pied des Buttes Chaumont, idéal pour le jogging du matin ou pour les déjeuners sur l'herbe. Le quartier est vivant et cosmopolite avec le marché 3 fois/semaine et de nombreux commerçants et cafés.
4103		Très bel appartement, à 5 minutes à pieds des Buttes Chaumont, 1 minute du métro, proche de toutes commodités dans un quartier très chaleureux. Un lit 2 places dans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon. Cuisine entièrement équipée.
4104	L'appartement est un atelier d'artiste sur deux étages + une mezzanine. Il comprend un grand salon-salle à manger, 2 chambres + un bel espace pour dormir sur la mezzanine, une kitchenette et une salle de bain. Spacieux et très lumineux, il est idéal pour des familles.	Grand atelier d'artiste (130m carré) libre une semaine sur deux et durant toutes les vacances scolaires. Très lumineux, bien équipé avec en prime un vidéo projecteur, dans le 19ème, un quartier sympa et vivant de Paris.  L'appartement est un atelier d'artiste sur deux étages + une mezzanine. Il comprend un grand salon-salle à manger, 2 chambres + un bel espace pour dormir sur la mezzanine, une kitchenette et une salle de bain. Spacieux et très lumineux, il est idéal pour des familles. Vous aurez accès à tout ce que propose l'appartement. Il est de plus équipé d'un lave-vaisselle et d'un vidéo projecteur. Je serai disponible et présente pour échanger avec vous, à votre arrivée et pour votre départ.  C'est un quartier très sympa et vivant. A 10min à pied du Parc de la Villette ainsi que du canal de l'Ourq, idéal pour les petits et les grands; 15min en métro de Gare de l'Est; 20min de la Gare du Nord et 25min du coeur de Paris. De plus l'appartement est entouré de tous les commerces néces
4105		I am renting a room in my 3 room appartment in Paris 19. Bus station in front of the building, metro 2mins walk.Park la Villette 3 mins away. Bakery in front of the building,supermarkets,shops all around. Very friendly and safe area. During your stay you can use the kitchen whenever you want,do the laundry etc. Apart from the bedroom,you can use the living room and make yourself at home. Any questions,feel free to drop me a line. Cheers, Gabriela
4106	La pièce principale du studio est composée d'un coin repas et d'un espace salon, au-dessus duquel se trouve le lit en mezzanine deux places.  Il comporte également une kitchenette du côté de l'entrée, et une salle de bain à part avec wc et douche. L'appartement est très calme, j'y habite depuis deux ans. Confortable, il est tout équipé (wifi très haut débit, machine à laver, vaisselle,...).	Joli studio de 24m2  situé à Jaures, à deux pas du Bassin de la Villette, des parcs des Buttes Chaumont et de la Villette ! Confortable, calme et tout équipé, un petit cocon dans ce quartier où il fait bon vivre à l'approche du printemps ! La pièce principale du studio est composée d'un coin repas et d'un espace salon, au-dessus duquel se trouve le lit en mezzanine deux places.  Il comporte également une kitchenette du côté de l'entrée, et une salle de bain à part avec wc et douche. L'appartement est très calme, j'y habite depuis deux ans. Confortable, il est tout équipé (wifi très haut débit, machine à laver, vaisselle,...). Les communs de l'immeuble sont en train d'être repeints, mais cela n'enlève rien à la tranquillité du logement. Je me tiens à votre disposition si c'est votre premier séjour à Paris, et que vous avez besoin d'informations ou de bons plans, notamment sur le quartier dont je suis tombée amoureuse, et ses bonnes adresses ! Lorsqu'il fait beau, ce quartier est pour mo
4107	This is a 2rooms typically Parisian apartment  with a small balcony and a fireplace! Located in a vibrant, open and accessible area, the apartment is 2 minutes walk from the Bassin de la Villette, very nice to relax or rent a bike, and 10 minutes from two of the most beautiful parks in Paris: La Villette and Buttes Chaumont Park. You will also be near the Museum of Science and Industry and the 104 which offer many interesting exhibitions and events. Easy access thanks to the metro station Crimér, 50m away, (line 7), buses 60 and 54 and trams. It will take you about 20min to go to Chatelet, 40min to Champs-Elysées. All amenities are just outside the building : Supermarkets, restaurants, bakery, hairdresser ... Finally, the apartment is fully equipped, kitchen includes a refrigerator, freezer, hob, microwave / oven, dishwasher and washing machine. It can accommodate up to 4 people with a double bed for 2 and a sofa bed for 2 also. WiFi is available. No TV. To summarize … It is waiting fo	A perfect little nest with (rare in Paris), a balcony! Can welcome from 1 to 3/4people & includes all commodities. Situated 50m away from Crimée metro station, 20min from the center of Paris & 5min from 2 of the most beautiful Paris'Parks ! This is a 2rooms typically Parisian apartment  with a small balcony and a fireplace! Located in a vibrant, open and accessible area, the apartment is 2 minutes walk from the Bassin de la Villette, very nice to relax or rent a bike, and 10 minutes from two of the most beautiful parks in Paris: La Villette and Buttes Chaumont Park. You will also be near the Museum of Science and Industry and the 104 which offer many interesting exhibitions and events. Easy access thanks to the metro station Crimér, 50m away, (line 7), buses 60 and 54 and trams. It will take you about 20min to go to Chatelet, 40min to Champs-Elysées. All amenities are just outside the building : Supermarkets, restaurants, bakery, hairdresser ... Finally, the apartment is fully equipped
4108	Très calme, agréable, comfortable, propre, refait à neuf en septembre 2014, très bien chauffé, facile d'accès (deux ascenseurs) dans un quartier vivant et sympathique	Appartement 32 m2 tout confort avec cuisine entièrement équipée, SDB et WC , TV et WIFI, très calme avec balcon et très belle vue sur Paris, clair et ensoleillé, bien chauffé, au 6ème avec ascenseurs et belle vue au dessus des toits de Paris. Très calme, agréable, comfortable, propre, refait à neuf en septembre 2014, très bien chauffé, facile d'accès (deux ascenseurs) dans un quartier vivant et sympathique Immeuble grand standing, deux ascenseurs. Accès handicapé possible. Vous pouvez nous contacter par mail, sms et par téléphone. Quartier très branché, bistrots, ateliers autour de la place Ste Marthe et du canal St.Martin, tous les magasins et bistrots à proximité. Les rues branchées Oberkampf, St.Maur,  Jean Pierre Timbaud accessibles à pied. métro ligne 2 et 11, bus 46 et 75, vélib, autolib devant l'immeuble Lieu très calme, voisins très sympathiques, accès contrôlé par vigic, gardiens dans l'immeuble.
4109	The apartment has just been fully renovated. It is really charming thanks to the Parisian balcony and the parquet floor. The room is very bright and is located in the 4th floor of a beautiful building. It is very well decorated and the bed comfortable. -sheets and towels are provided -you can put your things in the cupboard -WIFI is provided	    I have a beautiful top floor 2-room apartment. It has just been fully renovated. The apartment is near metro station Crimée on line 7, which enables you to directly go to Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), and to the center of Paris.       The apartment has just been fully renovated. It is really charming thanks to the Parisian balcony and the parquet floor. The room is very bright and is located in the 4th floor of a beautiful building. It is very well decorated and the bed comfortable. -sheets and towels are provided -you can put your things in the cupboard -WIFI is provided In the apartment you’ll have access to the recently renovated bathroom : -hairdryer -iron -towel drying heater -you can use the washing machine if you stay more than one week Toilets are separated from the bathroom. You can reheat your meals in the microwave and make some tea or coffee, but you cannot cook in the kitchen (but I can cook for you is you want or make breakfast for you). You’ll have
4110	Beautiful House – Parc des Buttes Chaumont Very nice house located near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont in the 19th district of Paris. Only 15 minutes away from Chatelet in Metro (line 11) and from tourist sector and shopping streets. This house is located in the heart of a typical Parisian and lively neighborhood. But it is a very quiet place.  Next to the house you will find small shops and supermarkets. There are also restaurants and pubs so you can eat or have a drink. Inside: On the ground floor you have a very large and luminous space: sitting room with a TV, dining room and an equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, microwave, fridge,…). On the first floor there are 3 bedrooms with a large bed. The bathroom is separated from the toilets. The washing machine and the iron are available for your use Outside: You will be able to enjoy 2 courtyards for a barbecue time or to relax in the hammock. Free WIFI available Price: from 840 to 1 250€ a week.  Additional service	Beautiful House – Parc des Buttes Chaumont Very nice house located near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont in the 19th district of Paris. Only 15 minutes away from Chatelet in Metro (line 11) and from tourist sector and shopping streets. This house is located in the heart of a typical Parisian and lively neighborhood. But it is a very quiet place.  Next to the house you will find small shops and supermarkets. There are also restaurants and pubs so you can eat or have a drink. Inside: On the ground floor you have a very large and luminous space: sitting room with a TV, dining room and an equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, ceramic glass cooktop, microwave, fridge,…). On the first floor there are 3 bedrooms with a large bed. The bathroom is separated from the toilets. The washing machine and the iron are available for your use Outside: You will be able to enjoy 2 courtyards for a barbecue time or to relax in the hammock. Free WIFI available Price: from 840 to 1 250€ a week.  Additional service
4111	"Hello, Perfect if you are looking for a nice place to stay in Paris !  Special offer : 60 euros per night. My appartment : a calm, net and bright place With :  - 1 bedroom (queen size bed) - 1 living room (a sofa - real one-size bed) - 1 bathroom (fully equiped), - 1 toilet separated, - 1 kitchen (fully equiped). No TV but internet access.   Sheets provided. Close to Buttes-Chaumont, Belleville and La Villette. Discover my neighbourhood (see my favorite places in the  ""Guide"") ! Nearby : bakery, supermarket, cafés, restaurants, cinéma, two subways less than 5 minuts away by feet : Télégraphe (line 11 going to Chatelet in 12 minutes) and Pré-Saint-Gervais (line 7Bis). Contact me for further information ! See you soon, Aurélie"	"NEW ! Special offer ! from 14 - 30 August ! Hello, Perfect if you are looking for a nice place to stay in Paris !  Special offer : 60 euros per night. My appartment : a calm, net and bright place With :  - 1 bedroom (queen size bed) - 1 living room (a sofa - real one-size bed) - 1 bathroom (fully equiped), - 1 toilet separated, - 1 kitchen (fully equiped). No TV but internet access.   Sheets provided. Close to Buttes-Chaumont, Belleville and La Villette. Discover my neighbourhood (see my favorite places in the  ""Guide"") ! Nearby : bakery, supermarket, cafés, restaurants, cinéma, two subways less than 5 minuts away by feet : Télégraphe (line 11 going to Chatelet in 12 minutes) and Pré-Saint-Gervais (line 7Bis). Contact me for further information ! See you soon, Aurélie"
4112	studio coin chambre séparé clair avec cuisine équipée et télévision et internet résidence calme 	studio agréable avec chambre fermé par portes coulissantes balcon cuisine équipée fibre optique internet TV commerces métro ligne 11 bus 60 ,61 et 96 tramway T3 salon coin canapé et coin table avec grande baie vitrée  studio coin chambre séparé clair avec cuisine équipée et télévision et internet résidence calme  a tout le studio non quartier populaire beaucoup de parc et jardin public avec vue sur paris et sa banlieu métro télégraphe ou porte des lilas  bus 60 ,61 et 96 tramway T3   tout commerces 
4113	Appartement chaleureux situé au pied du parc des Buttes-Chaumont,  près du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette.  Un quartier où il fait bon se promener, avec pleins de petits restaurants. Un quartier idéal pour découvrir les charmes cachés de la capitale. L'appartement est tout équipé, et vous aurez aussi accès à internet. Je vous y laisse un plan de Paris ainsi que quelques bonnes adresses. Du metro en bas de la rue, le reste de la capitale est très facile d'accès ! Je sais que vous vous y plairez!	Petit appartement cosy et chaleureux, à deux pas des Buttes-Chaumont, de la Villette et de canal de l'Ourcq. Appartement chaleureux situé au pied du parc des Buttes-Chaumont,  près du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette.  Un quartier où il fait bon se promener, avec pleins de petits restaurants. Un quartier idéal pour découvrir les charmes cachés de la capitale. L'appartement est tout équipé, et vous aurez aussi accès à internet. Je vous y laisse un plan de Paris ainsi que quelques bonnes adresses. Du metro en bas de la rue, le reste de la capitale est très facile d'accès ! Je sais que vous vous y plairez! Dans cet adorable 2-pièces, vous bénéficierez d'une cuisine équipée et ouverte sur le salon, d'un salon joyeux et coloré ; vous aurez un piano à disposition si vous en avez envie (un simple clavier électrique mais c'est toujours agréable). Les toilettes sont indépendantes et la salle d'eau, quoique petite possède une grande douche (avec une petite fonction massante...!) Je vou
4114	I live alone in a 40m² flat with a balcony in Paris 19 district. My flat is composed of my bedroom and a living room where I have a 2-place sofa (for you!) and a kitchen and bathroom of course.	Just a nice cosy and clean place in Paris !  I will love to help you with everything you need :) I speak French, english, portuguese and arabic ;) I live alone in a 40m² flat with a balcony in Paris 19 district. My flat is composed of my bedroom and a living room where I have a 2-place sofa (for you!) and a kitchen and bathroom of course. The building is very safe and clean with an elavator, there are food shops, nice Bars, restaurants, subways stations, bus stations, velibs (bicycles), autolibs. It is only 10 mns by foot to “parc de la villette” and very close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. If you want I can show the most emblematic things and also some hidden places in Paris. I work the week so I'm only avalaible the evening and week-end for the visits. The building is very safe and clean, there are food shops, nice Bars, restaurants, subways stations, bus stations, velibs (bicycles), autolibs. It is only 10 mns by foot to “parc de la villette” and very close to Gare du Nord and 
4115	L'appartement, que j'ai décoré moi-même, est composé d'une chambre (dans laquelle vous dormirez), un salon (dans lequel je dormirai), une cuisine attenante au salon, une salle de bains et des toilettes. La chambre et le salon sont séparés par un petit vestibule. Dans votre chambre se trouve un grand lit et une table. Des double-rideaux bloquent la lumière pendant la nuit. L'appartement, orienté Est, donne sur une cour intérieure, très calme. Double-vitrage, parquet au sol.	Je vous reçois chez moi, je vous prête ma chambre - je dormirai sur le canapé. Une belle grande chambre, calme. Mon appartement (40m²) donne sur une cour intérieure, alors aucun bruit de rue. Vous aurez accès à la cuisine et à la salle de bains. L'appartement, que j'ai décoré moi-même, est composé d'une chambre (dans laquelle vous dormirez), un salon (dans lequel je dormirai), une cuisine attenante au salon, une salle de bains et des toilettes. La chambre et le salon sont séparés par un petit vestibule. Dans votre chambre se trouve un grand lit et une table. Des double-rideaux bloquent la lumière pendant la nuit. L'appartement, orienté Est, donne sur une cour intérieure, très calme. Double-vitrage, parquet au sol. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Je dors dans le salon mais pendant la journée, vous êtes bienvenus pour y séjourner ! J'habite à Paris depuis 20 ans. Je connais très bien mon quartier. Je peux vous indiquer tous les bons endroits où sortir. Je peux aussi vous conseille
4116	Apartment in the XIX arrondissement in the 2nd floor of a 19th century building.  The building is located 250 m from Les Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful and amazing parks in Paris) and 250 m from Canal de L’Ourcq (a trendy hangout waterside) and close to Canal St Martin Apartment of 70 m2 with a large (25m2) living room, two bedrooms (one baby bedroom) and a study (with sofa bed). Cot/crib available. Wood floor in the entire apartment (except kitchen, bathroom and toilets with Burgundy stone). Handmade furniture in the kitchen and bathroom… TV, internet, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish washer, microwave, oven, nespresso machine, rice cooker …) There are numerous restaurants and food stores (fruits and vegetable, butcher, bakeries, fishmonger, cheese, wine cellar) at less than 100m. Close to three convenient metro lines (5, 7 and 2). The closest Metro station is Laumière (Line 5) at 150 m.	Apartment in the XIX arrondissement in the 2nd floor of a 19th century building.  The building is located 250 m from Les Buttes Chaumont (one of the most beautiful and amazing parks in Paris) and 250 m from Canal de L’Ourcq (a trendy hangout waterside) and close to Canal St Martin Apartment of 70 m2 with a large (25m2) living room, two bedrooms (one baby bedroom) and a study (with sofa bed). Cot/crib available. Wood floor in the entire apartment (except kitchen, bathroom and toilets with Burgundy stone). Handmade furniture in the kitchen and bathroom… TV, internet, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine, dish washer, microwave, oven, nespresso machine, rice cooker …) There are numerous restaurants and food stores (fruits and vegetable, butcher, bakeries, fishmonger, cheese, wine cellar) at less than 100m. Close to three convenient metro lines (5, 7 and 2). The closest Metro station is Laumière (Line 5) at 150 m.
4117	独立 宽敞 舒适 正阳 交通便利 可直达巴黎各个景区	舒适整洁卫生 洗漱 厨房 交通指南 导购 一应俱全 独立 宽敞 舒适 正阳 交通便利 可直达巴黎各个景区 洗衣机 厨房 微波炉 冰箱 电脑 wifi 大浴缸 各种洗刷用品 烟感 暖气 各种饮品 红酒 停车位 超大电梯 旅游指南 导购 非常便利
4118		A Paris pour une semaine ? Venez vous mettre au chaud dans mon charmant petit studio après une journée bien remplie. Cuisine équipée, lit double, linge fourni, internet et WIFI. Très lumineux et bien desservi.  Métro ligne 2, 5 et 7, autolib et velib Le logement bénéficie de nombreux moyens de transport. 3 lignes de métro (2, 5 et 7) sont disponibles à la station stalingrad ce qui permet de se déplacer facilement et rapidement partout dans Paris. Une station d'autolib est situé en bas de l'immeuble et une station de vélib à proximité également.
4119	.	.
4120	Une grande pièce de 28 m² avec espace couchage pour 2 personnes et une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un lit une place ou 2 matelas 1 place.	L'appartement peut accueillir  jusqu'à 5, 6 personnes, (2 grands lits et 2 matelas une place).  Il est situé à 5 mn du métro Belleville ou Buttes Chaumont où vous trouverez de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont est à 50 m. Le canal saint martin est à 10 minutes à pied. Les Halles sont à 15 minutes en métro et les Champs Elysées à 20. Une grande pièce de 28 m² avec espace couchage pour 2 personnes et une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un lit une place ou 2 matelas 1 place.
4121	 In Belleville area, a spacious loft of 127sqm, 2 bedrooms, bath and shower, and a 60sqm living room with larges windows on the south. One parents room with double bed 1.60m, and one child's room with 3 single beds. Also a sofa bed in the living room. The flat is at 50meters from the Parc de Belleville, and five minutes from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and the metro Belleville. Belleville is a colourful, multi-ethnic neighbourhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns, Today, many art galleries and trendy bars take place in Belleville. 	 In Belleville area, a spacious loft of 127sqm, 2 bedrooms, bath and shower, and a 60sqm living room with larges windows on the south. One parents room with double bed 1.60m, and one child's room with 3 single beds. Also a sofa bed in the living room. The flat is at 50meters from the Parc de Belleville, and five minutes from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and the metro Belleville. Belleville is a colourful, multi-ethnic neighbourhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns, Today, many art galleries and trendy bars take place in Belleville. 
4122	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a parisien building with an old style elevator. A small entrance gives access to the bathroom (with toilets and window), then you can enter the kitchen which is fully equipped (no dishwasher however) and open on the main living room. The sofa turns into a bed for 2 people. Then you have a bedroom with a double bed, a small desk and a wardrobe.   	Cosy flat located between the Canal Saint Martin and the buttes Chaumont, it is a 1 bedroom apartment with a US kitchen open on the living rom, a bedroom, a bathroom. Perfect for 2 people. Wifi, sheets and towels are provided.   The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a parisien building with an old style elevator. A small entrance gives access to the bathroom (with toilets and window), then you can enter the kitchen which is fully equipped (no dishwasher however) and open on the main living room. The sofa turns into a bed for 2 people. Then you have a bedroom with a double bed, a small desk and a wardrobe.    A rent the entire flat, which means you don't share it with anyone else. I leave lots of my personal belonging as I live here the rest of the year. Kitchen equipment makes it easy to cook. You also have access to unlimited wifi, TV, sheets and towels are provided. I travel a lot but I keep a regular eye on my emails. When I am away, it is my friend Kim that will take care of
4123	5 minutes by walk to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and subway lines #5 and #7bis. Benefit of the balconey and high speed wi-fi. A public swimming pool is located 2 min by walk.	I offer you a 2 places convertible coach in my isolated living room. My flat is located in Paris 19e, 5min from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and subway stations. You could cook, wash and dry your outfits, connect to Wi-Fi.  5 minutes by walk to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and subway lines #5 and #7bis. Benefit of the balconey and high speed wi-fi. A public swimming pool is located 2 min by walk. Double place coach in a isolated living room, Wi-fi, washing machine, dryer, TV, bathroom with bath tub, parking lot. Parc des Buttes Chaumont Piscine Georges Hermant Many subway and bus stations nearby
4124	Charmant appartement très lumineux et calme, au bord du canal de l’Ourcq et 5 minutes à pied de la Villette. Appartement de 25 mètres carrés, au 5ème étage, dans rue peu passante avec vue sur cour arborée et ensoleillée, composé : - d'une entrée - d'une cuisine petite mais toute équipée et ayant une fenêtre lumineuse donnant le balcon, - d’une salle d’eau avec toilettes et lave linge - d'une pièce principale salon avec canapé-lit ayant une grande baie vitrée donnant sur le balcon. La lumière arrivant directement sur le balcon dans l'après midi, jusqu'au couché du soleil, il est très agréable d'y passer un moment à lire, d'y boire un verre et manger. 	Charmant appartement très lumineux et calme, au bord du canal de l’Ourcq et 5 minutes à pied de la Villette. Appartement de 25 mètres carrés, au 5ème étage, dans rue peu passante avec vue sur cour arborée et ensoleillée. Charmant appartement très lumineux et calme, au bord du canal de l’Ourcq et 5 minutes à pied de la Villette. Appartement de 25 mètres carrés, au 5ème étage, dans rue peu passante avec vue sur cour arborée et ensoleillée, composé : - d'une entrée - d'une cuisine petite mais toute équipée et ayant une fenêtre lumineuse donnant le balcon, - d’une salle d’eau avec toilettes et lave linge - d'une pièce principale salon avec canapé-lit ayant une grande baie vitrée donnant sur le balcon. La lumière arrivant directement sur le balcon dans l'après midi, jusqu'au couché du soleil, il est très agréable d'y passer un moment à lire, d'y boire un verre et manger. L'appartement est tout meublé, équipé, avec notamment le Wifi. Draps, couettes et serviettes de toilette fournis. N’hésit
4125	C'est un appartement traversant situé au 4ème étage et donc très lumineux. Plein de charme, avec des cheminées en marbre dans les chambres et le salon, ainsi que des moulures au plafond. Les pièces sur rue sont dotées de balconnets et jouissent d'une lumière matinale, celles sur cour d'un beau soleil d'après-midi. 	Située à Porte de Pantin proche du parc et dans une rue commerçante et sympathique, grande chambre dans un appartement de 3 pièces traversant, très lumineux et agréable, sdb et WC séparés. Balconnet. Internet, lave-vaisselle et machine à laver.   C'est un appartement traversant situé au 4ème étage et donc très lumineux. Plein de charme, avec des cheminées en marbre dans les chambres et le salon, ainsi que des moulures au plafond. Les pièces sur rue sont dotées de balconnets et jouissent d'une lumière matinale, celles sur cour d'un beau soleil d'après-midi.  Les voyageurs ont accès au pièces communes (salon, cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes) Mes capacités à échanger avec les voyageurs dépendront des périodes. Il en va de même pour ma présence dans l'appartement, ou celle de ma colocataire. Cependant, il y aura toujours une personne de référence à contacter en cas de besoin. C'est un quartier très reposant mais tout de même vivant et cosmopolite. Il y a de très nombreuses activités prop
4126	Welcome to my place ! The bedroom is on the second floor, totally independent from the rest of the apartment with it's own private access. The apartment is 95 sqm, luminous and cozy. The american kitchen is totally equipped with everything you need to cook. Ideally situated, you are within 15 minutes from the city center. 	Luminous and spacious bedroom in a modern duplex in the heart of Eastern Paris. Accessible via it's own private door and with a bathroom, you can be totally independent while benefiting from the fully-equipped kitchen or cozy living room. Welcome to my place ! The bedroom is on the second floor, totally independent from the rest of the apartment with it's own private access. The apartment is 95 sqm, luminous and cozy. The american kitchen is totally equipped with everything you need to cook. Ideally situated, you are within 15 minutes from the city center.  The bedroom and bathroom are private. The living room and kitchen are to be shared with my wonderful flatmates, a girl and a boy, a penal lawyer and a social worker. Both avid travelers, they covered more than 20 countries each and speak a perfect English.  I am renting the room when i am not home, but my (website hidden) will have the pleasure to show you the unknown side of Paris. The neighborhood is dynamic, with many bars, resta
4127		"Our apartment is welcoming and ""homey"": bathtub, books, parquet floor, plants, open kitchen and bright windows. Two minutes away from the Buttes Chaumont park and the Jourdain area which offers a cosy village feeling. Now's the best time of year! It's on the third floor, and there isn't a lift... Let's just say you'll have improved your calf muscles. :-) I'm generally about a phone call away. No internet at the moment, sorry about that. I'm working on it!"
4128	Duplex for rent from August 15 to 26, located in Paris, in the 19th arrondissement, close to the Buttes Chaumont and Canal St Martin. Located on the 6th floor, with lift, under the roof beams. Large living room of 30 m2 equipped with a flat screen TV, Playstation 3, Wifi. Corner sofa and dining corner. Equipped kitchen: microwave, oven, washing machine, stove, all utensils you need to cook up delicious dishes. Bathroom spotless, and the room is therefore on the floor, double bed, storage space for clothing. Laundry availability: sheets, towels. A lovely apartment, very bright, high ceilings, exposed beams, very clean, seen on Paris rooftops, ideal for a couple who wants to discover Paris.	Duplex located in Paris 19th, close to the Buttes Chaumonts and the Canal St Martin. Seen on the roofs, beams apparentes.Grand room of 30 m2 with room for 2 people. Fully equipped kitchen. Proximity to major subway lines. Duplex for rent from August 15 to 26, located in Paris, in the 19th arrondissement, close to the Buttes Chaumont and Canal St Martin. Located on the 6th floor, with lift, under the roof beams. Large living room of 30 m2 equipped with a flat screen TV, Playstation 3, Wifi. Corner sofa and dining corner. Equipped kitchen: microwave, oven, washing machine, stove, all utensils you need to cook up delicious dishes. Bathroom spotless, and the room is therefore on the floor, double bed, storage space for clothing. Laundry availability: sheets, towels. A lovely apartment, very bright, high ceilings, exposed beams, very clean, seen on Paris rooftops, ideal for a couple who wants to discover Paris. The accommodation is fully at your disposal. You'll be in good company of Napole
4129		Appartement de 84 m2 + 42 m2 de terrasse/balcon, situé au 8e étage d'un immeuble neuf et sécurisé. Orienté est/sud/ouest, il est lumineux avec vue dégagée. Très agréable à vivre, il comprend une grande pièce à vivre, 3 chambres, 2 salles de bain.
4130	90 square meters, contemporary art, breathtaking views of Paris and its environs, light-flooded rooms, contemporary furnishings and equipement: the Apartment is the perfect place to spend holidays or work stays in the mythic french capital. The generous Apartment, which is rented to a maximum of 4 people, offers spacious rooms to relax after a day in the city, to work, to live, to dream... EQUIPEMENT: - 1 large living room / dining room with a double studio couch (140x200), many books, one armchair, a Fatboy seat cushion, a wooden dining table, two children's high chairs (Trip-Trap), - 1 spacious, open office with large desk, two comfortable desk chairs and integrated bedroom (double bed 140x200) - 1 fully equiped kitchen (gas stove, electric baking oven, toaster, electric kettle, dish-washer, washer, dryer) - 1 daylight bath-room with bath tub, wc, wash-bowl  PLUS+ - contemporary art - WLAN - breathtaking views of Paris and the environs  The Apartment is situated in the midst of the l	90 square meters, contemporary art, breathtaking views of Paris and its environs, light-flooded rooms, contemporary furnishings and equipement: the Apartment is the perfect place to spend holidays or work stays in the mythic french capital. The generous Apartment, which is rented to a maximum of 4 people, offers spacious rooms to relax after a day in the city, to work, to live, to dream... EQUIPEMENT: - 1 large living room / dining room with a double studio couch (140x200), many books, one armchair, a Fatboy seat cushion, a wooden dining table, two children's high chairs (Trip-Trap), - 1 spacious, open office with large desk, two comfortable desk chairs and integrated bedroom (double bed 140x200) - 1 fully equiped kitchen (gas stove, electric baking oven, toaster, electric kettle, dish-washer, washer, dryer) - 1 daylight bath-room with bath tub, wc, wash-bowl  PLUS+ - contemporary art - WLAN - breathtaking views of Paris and the environs  The Apartment is situated in the midst of the l
4131		Lovely flat right in the heart of La Villette/Cheerful, bright and quiet flat, with nice balcony. Metro station Porte de La Villette is nearby. The neighbourhood is marvellous with everything you need  The flat is equipped with everything necessary…   
4132		À 100 mètres du canal de l'Ourq, à Jaurès, je mets à votre disposition une très belle chambre sur cour avec penderie dans un grand appartement très propre. L'immeuble est aussi de grand standing ( parties communes propres, ascenseur, concierge )
4133		Superbe studio de 25m2, à trente secondes du métro Riquet, ligne direct chatelêt, à deux pas du bassin de la vilette, toutes commodités, boulangerie, supermarché en bas de l'immeuble, accès vélib, cinéma, bars, restaurants. Cuisine équipée, SDB.
4134	"Our apartment is situated on the 3rd floor with a view on the channel of Ourq on the ""bassin de la Villette"" It consists of two rooms (one with a double bed on the other with a convertible double bed), of a lounge-dining room of 35 m ² (with a convertible double bed), a kitchen and a bathroom. It is also well equiped for babies or small kids as we have a small baby at home. It's easy to visit Paris thanks to subway stations nearby (""Laumière"" Line 5 and ""Crimée"" Line 7). We are 10 minutes away from Gare du Nord / Gare de l'est, 20 minutes to Bastille or Opéra by metro."	"Nice flat nice full of light on the very edge of the Ourcq canal at the ""bassin de la Villette"". The flat is big (72 m²) with a balcony. We have two bedrooms and a big living room. It's perfect to welcome a family. Our apartment is situated on the 3rd floor with a view on the channel of Ourq on the ""bassin de la Villette"" It consists of two rooms (one with a double bed on the other with a convertible double bed), of a lounge-dining room of 35 m ² (with a convertible double bed), a kitchen and a bathroom. It is also well equiped for babies or small kids as we have a small baby at home. It's easy to visit Paris thanks to subway stations nearby (""Laumière"" Line 5 and ""Crimée"" Line 7). We are 10 minutes away from Gare du Nord / Gare de l'est, 20 minutes to Bastille or Opéra by metro. You will have access to all the apartment. We shall be available at any time to help you in case of need. After the canal St Martin just nearby, the 19ème quarter is getting more and more popular nowadays. All"
4135	Please be welcome in this large studio, in the Jourdain Village next to the beautiful Buttes Chaumont park with à beautiful private bathroom and a great terrace! You will find everything you need (convenient stores, bakeries, grocery stores). And 3 minutes to the closest station subway. Really quiet, clean and beautiful ! Private bathroom Private terrace Private washing machine WIFI Towels not included Amazing parc and fresh french food market on sunday tuesday And sunday. Subway L11 places des fêtes or Jourdain  L7bis Botzaris Bus 48 , 60 Buttes Chaumont 	Please be welcome in this large studio, in the Jourdain Village next to the beautiful Buttes Chaumont park with à beautiful private bathroom and a great terrace! You will find everything you need . And 3 minutes to the closest station subway. Please be welcome in this large studio, in the Jourdain Village next to the beautiful Buttes Chaumont park with à beautiful private bathroom and a great terrace! You will find everything you need (convenient stores, bakeries, grocery stores). And 3 minutes to the closest station subway. Really quiet, clean and beautiful ! Private bathroom Private terrace Private washing machine WIFI Towels not included Amazing parc and fresh french food market on sunday tuesday And sunday. Subway L11 places des fêtes or Jourdain  L7bis Botzaris Bus 48 , 60 Buttes Chaumont Private bathroom Private terrace Private washing machine WIFI Amazing parc and fresh french food market on sunday tuesday And friday. Subway L11 places des fêtes or Jourdain  L7bis Botzaris Bus 4
4136	Metro ligne 7,proche des commerces alimentaires. De belles balades au parc de la Villette et le long du canal de l'Ourcq Ligne 7,arrêt Crimée. Bus ligne 60.	Metro ligne 7,proche des commerces alimentaires. De belles balades au parc de la Villette et le long du canal de l'Ourcq Ligne 7,arrêt Crimée. Bus ligne 60.
4137	Near of beautiful parc and street Jourdain very nice.	n a typical Parisian building Charming one bedroom, quiet, nicely decorated, transformed into a large studio with bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, wifi, courtyard with trees at the foot of a large park (jogging), metro, bus.commerces ... Near of beautiful parc and street Jourdain very nice. No smoking, No pets,  No wild parties. Please respect our home as if it were your own. This is our primary residence and we rent it when we travel. 
4138	The flat is  functional with a separate kitchen with ceramic  hob, expresso machine, electric kettle , fridge with freezer and dish washes . There is two parts in the main room separated by a big furniture in which there is the desk ,there is the living-room part with the coach and behind this furniture is the room part with double bed. 	In a 50's building in front of the  Buttes-Chaumont park. Well-(email hidden)ose to  lively places.  Charming flat at the fifth floor with elevator over a quiet street of the Butte Bergeyre. It has been renovated recently in a vintage spirit. The flat is  functional with a separate kitchen with ceramic  hob, expresso machine, electric kettle , fridge with freezer and dish washes . There is two parts in the main room separated by a big furniture in which there is the desk ,there is the living-room part with the coach and behind this furniture is the room part with double bed. Bed linen and towels are furnished. You can obviously cook and use all the household appliances, and also the dvd player, you can plug your phone or your mp3 player on the hi-fi. The arrival and departure times are as flexible as I can but please let me know if you arrive or leave at an unusual hour.  I, or my boyfriend, welcome you to show  the flat and answer to your questions. I'll be happy to  share my knowledg
4139	Very quiet, charming  and sunny 50m² appartment (1 bedroom, 1 big living room with sofa bed, 1 seperate kitchen,  and 1 bathroom with bathtube).  8m² balcony with view on a quiet garden. 4th floor with elevator. 3 min walking distance from Telegraphe metro station (line 11)/ 20 min metro from Chatêlet (direct line 11). Just near Buttes Chaumont Parc with is wonderfull to discover !! Very nice olympic swingpool: Porte des Lilas, 5 min Buttes Chaumont Parc: 10 min walk Belleville Parc (with amazinng view of whole Paris) : 10 min walk Very quiet and safe building with two front doors and a keeper One bedroom with a double bed, and 2 persons sofa bed. Appartment newly refurbished with wooden floor.   Electric central heating (You will not be cold dring the winter) The flat is equipped with: washing machine, big fridge, microwave, owen, electric cooker, toaster, coffee maker. WIFI connection. No TV. Bathroom: bath, hair dryer, iron Living room with sofa, armchair, and table Dining room area	Very quiet, charming  and sunny 50m² appartment (1 bedroom, 1 big living room with sofa bed, 1 seperate kitchen,  and 1 bathroom with bathtube).  8m² balcony with view on a quiet garden.    Very quiet, charming  and sunny 50m² appartment (1 bedroom, 1 big living room with sofa bed, 1 seperate kitchen,  and 1 bathroom with bathtube).  8m² balcony with view on a quiet garden. 4th floor with elevator. 3 min walking distance from Telegraphe metro station (line 11)/ 20 min metro from Chatêlet (direct line 11). Just near Buttes Chaumont Parc with is wonderfull to discover !! Very nice olympic swingpool: Porte des Lilas, 5 min Buttes Chaumont Parc: 10 min walk Belleville Parc (with amazinng view of whole Paris) : 10 min walk Very quiet and safe building with two front doors and a keeper One bedroom with a double bed, and 2 persons sofa bed. Appartment newly refurbished with wooden floor.   Electric central heating (You will not be cold dring the winter) The flat is equipped with: washing mach
4140	Nous vous proposons une chambre dans un pittoresque appartement étudiant parisien. La chambre est très agréable et chaleureuse. Nous avons une cuisine avec tout le nécessaire ainsi qu'une machine à laver. Seule incommodité, il faut traverser la chambre de notre colocataire pour aller à la salle de bain. Mais il est très gentil et vous pouvez bien sûr, accéder à la salle de bain quand vous le souhaitez.  We propose a bedroom in a picturesque parisian student flat. The bedroom is cosy and welcoming. We have a full equipped kitchen and a washing machine. There is one inconvenient : we have to cross the bedroom of one roommate to access to the bathroom. But he is very nice and you can, of course, get to it whenever you want !	Chambre calme avec parquet, moulures, cheminée. A 15min en métro de Châtelet. Quartier familial. Proche tous commerces.  Calm and authentic parisian bedroom. 15 mn Metro from the center city. Familial neighbourhood. All shops close. Nous vous proposons une chambre dans un pittoresque appartement étudiant parisien. La chambre est très agréable et chaleureuse. Nous avons une cuisine avec tout le nécessaire ainsi qu'une machine à laver. Seule incommodité, il faut traverser la chambre de notre colocataire pour aller à la salle de bain. Mais il est très gentil et vous pouvez bien sûr, accéder à la salle de bain quand vous le souhaitez.  We propose a bedroom in a picturesque parisian student flat. The bedroom is cosy and welcoming. We have a full equipped kitchen and a washing machine. There is one inconvenient : we have to cross the bedroom of one roommate to access to the bathroom. But he is very nice and you can, of course, get to it whenever you want ! Nous pourrons vous renseigner et vo
4141	un vrai deux pièces tréslumineux avec cuisine ouverte sur séjour et vue panoramique sur Paris. Piscine, sauna, solarium et terrasse privée. Terrasse privée possible - 100 m2 sur les toits de Paris- à partager avec les propriétaires. Piscine, sauna, salle de gym, salle de basket, et solarium de la résidence. Bons plans restaurants, spectacles et autres activités avec ou sans enfants... Canal Saint-Martin, gare du nord, le bassin de la Villette, les buttes-chaumont... entre la gare de l'Est et la gare du Nord. à 40 min de Roissy et d'Orly. Terrasse privée possible - 100 m2 sur les toits de Paris- à partager avec les propriétaires. Piscine, sauna, salle de gym, salle de basket, et solarium de la résidence. Bons plans restaurants, spectacles et autres activités avec ou sans enfants... Le canal Saint-Martin, le quai de la Seine, le bassin de la Villette, les buttes-chaumont... entre la gare de l'Est et la gare du Nord. à 40 min de Roissy et d'Orly. Terrasse privée possible - 100 m2 sur les 	Hot Location with a panoramic view of Paris and a swimming pool, surrounded by Culture and Shopping. Close to Canal St Martin & Gare du Nord.
4142		Joli petit studio de 25 m carré, lumineux. Paris 19ème, en face du Métro CRIMEE, Ligne 7. Tous commerces autour, toutes commodité, WI-FI… A deux pas du Parc de la Villette. :)
4143		I'm renting my bedroom which is part of an 80 meters square appartement,, within a brand new building The place is 100m from Canal de l'Ourcq (pic) Métro : Line 2 , Line 5 et Line 7  Nearby : Pigalle, Montmartre, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord, etc.
4144	"Charming & typical ""Parisien"" flat with 2 bedrooms. Ideally located at 200m from the famous Canal Saint Martin and 500m from the Buttes Chaumont parc. Very sunny flat with double exposition, very quiet in a a small street. Transports: The Métro JAURES (Lines 2, 5  and 7) is at 200m away and allows to be in all the Paris' corner directly. The airport Charles de Gaulle & Orly are at 35-40 min with the RER B & the Métro 5. You can also use the very famous Vélib cycle with his  station at 50m.  Neighborhood:  Like a Village in Paris, with the Secrétan Market, the terrasses, and plenty of shops ! (3x bakeries (Boulangerie) - 2x wine cellars - Cheese shop (fromagerie) - Itlalian caterer - Butchers - vegetable and fruit markets - supermarkets -  Sushi & Japanese restaurants etc...) Internet Wifi, Big Flat TV 47'inches with Cable/Canal+.  Lounge: 23m² Open on the appartment with his flat TV 47"" on the wall with cable.Canal+. Big dinner room for 10 people. Room 1: 15m² King size bed with shape "	"A wonderful Parisian flat in a very charming neighborhood  Charming & typical ""Parisien"" flat with 2 bedrooms. Ideally located at 200m from the famous Canal Saint Martin and 500m from the Buttes Chaumont parc. Very sunny flat with double exposition, very quiet in a a small street. Transports: The Métro JAURES (Lines 2, 5  and 7) is at 200m away and allows to be in all the Paris' corner directly. The airport Charles de Gaulle & Orly are at 35-40 min with the RER B & the Métro 5. You can also use the very famous Vélib cycle with his  station at 50m.  Neighborhood:  Like a Village in Paris, with the Secrétan Market, the terrasses, and plenty of shops ! (3x bakeries (Boulangerie) - 2x wine cellars - Cheese shop (fromagerie) - Itlalian caterer - Butchers - vegetable and fruit markets - supermarkets -  Sushi & Japanese restaurants etc...) Internet Wifi, Big Flat TV 47'inches with Cable/Canal+.  Lounge: 23m² Open on the appartment with his flat TV 47"" on the wall with cable.Canal+. Big dinner"
4145		Rue Manin and the Parc Buttes Chaumont, are one this places memorables, and secrets in the city of Paris. The apartment with an amazing view to Montmartre and the parc, renovated in 2013, class, metro and shopping at the same street.
4146	"Studio in secure and modern apartment complex is ideally located for visiting the ""Popular Paris"" (Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise, Belleville, Oberkampf, Bastille) with direct lines to the museum (Orsay, Louvre, Invalides ...) and the main arteries for shopping (Rue de Rivoli, Chatelet, Le Marais, Bastille....) Sleeps 2 people 7th floor (with elevator) Kitchen: Oven, microwave, electric stove, fridge, freezer  Bathroom: bath, washing machine, toilet, hair dryer Salon: Internet wifi, tv  Sleeping area: 2 places bed, sheets Apartment  in family neighborhood with lots of shops bakeries, supermarket, post office, tobacco, pharmacy .... they are open 7/7d  there is an open air market (15mins walk on Sunday) I will stay at your disposal during your stay  I don't speakEnglish very well but sign language is universal!"	"Appartement tout équipé Idéal pour visiter et sortir le soir Salle de bain, cuisine, salon, coin nuit  Idéal pour court et long séjour  Bien desservi par les transports Studio in secure and modern apartment complex is ideally located for visiting the ""Popular Paris"" (Buttes Chaumont, Pere Lachaise, Belleville, Oberkampf, Bastille) with direct lines to the museum (Orsay, Louvre, Invalides ...) and the main arteries for shopping (Rue de Rivoli, Chatelet, Le Marais, Bastille....) Sleeps 2 people 7th floor (with elevator) Kitchen: Oven, microwave, electric stove, fridge, freezer  Bathroom: bath, washing machine, toilet, hair dryer Salon: Internet wifi, tv  Sleeping area: 2 places bed, sheets Apartment  in family neighborhood with lots of shops bakeries, supermarket, post office, tobacco, pharmacy .... they are open 7/7d  there is an open air market (15mins walk on Sunday) I will stay at your disposal during your stay  I don't speakEnglish very well but sign language is universal! Oui Je re"
4147	Nous vous proposons un spacieux et lumineux  appartement de 50m², entièrement renouvelé (2013), meublé avec soin, qui donne sur cour privée très calme et bien fleuri   Avec 2 chambres à coucher, l’une avec un  lit double, l’armoire et commode de rangement l’autre avec un lit superposé, l’appartement est donc parfaitement adapté pour 4 personnes.  Un grand salon avec le canapé, fauteuil, télévision HD, lecteur DVD … Wifi à haut débit. Une vraie cuisine totalement équipée : micro-ondes, four, frigo avec compartiment de congélation, des électro-ménagers, et les ustensiles nécessaires pour  préparer vos repas. Une machine à laver le linge est à votre disposition dans la salle de bain.  Les draps et les serviettes sont très soigneusement  fournis. Vous serez au coeur d'un des quartiers vivants de Paris, lieu idéal pour découvrir une vraie vie parisienne avec ses restaurants, ses bars,  l’espace verte et un grand parc à 200m. Vous pourrez rejoindre les quartiers touristiques de la capitale e	Nous vous proposons un spacieux et lumineux  appartement de 50m², entièrement renouvelé (2013), meublé avec soin, qui donne sur cour privée très calme et bien fleuri   Avec 2 chambres à coucher, l’une avec un  lit double, l’armoire et commode de rangement l’autre avec un lit superposé, l’appartement est donc parfaitement adapté pour 4 personnes.  Un grand salon avec le canapé, fauteuil, télévision HD, lecteur DVD … Wifi à haut débit. Une vraie cuisine totalement équipée : micro-ondes, four, frigo avec compartiment de congélation, des électro-ménagers, et les ustensiles nécessaires pour  préparer vos repas. Une machine à laver le linge est à votre disposition dans la salle de bain.  Les draps et les serviettes sont très soigneusement  fournis. Vous serez au coeur d'un des quartiers vivants de Paris, lieu idéal pour découvrir une vraie vie parisienne avec ses restaurants, ses bars,  l’espace verte et un grand parc à 200m. Vous pourrez rejoindre les quartiers touristiques de la capitale e
4148	the appartment is very bright and has a big balcony to the south with sunshine all day long! Idéal to enjoy breakfast outside or have your drink at the end of the day. the appartment is also perfect to stay with kids (there is even a babybed available!,toys and books..)	"Located in the heart of the 19. district between beautiful parc buttes chaumont -parc de la vilette-canal de l'ourc, this appartment is perfect to have a nice stay in paris and idéal with kids! enjoy the big sunny balcony and metro line 5 in front the appartment is very bright and has a big balcony to the south with sunshine all day long! Idéal to enjoy breakfast outside or have your drink at the end of the day. the appartment is also perfect to stay with kids (there is even a babybed available!,toys and books..) you don t have to bring towels and sheets and are welcome to use all facilities as you wish, the wifi included. you just need to go out of the house to find grocery stores, amazing french bakeries, pharmacies and all you need! and you will find a lot of nice bars,cafés and restaurants around. On hot summer days,there is also the possibility to jump into the open air swimmingpool ""Georges Hermant""just around the corner or have a nap in one of the various parc spaces around. wit"
4149		Deux pièces accueillant et chaleureux dans une avenue calme entre les Buttes Chaumont et le bassin de La Villette. Très proche du métro, idéal pour un week-end à Paris.
4150	Beautiful room in a big flat, welcoming and warm room for your stay at the heart of the capital. Double bed with TV, wi fi... Room of baths with towels, hairdryer, straightener, washing machine, tumble-dryer... Common cooking(kitchen) with refrigerator, microphone(microcomputing) waves, oven... The apartment possesses a terrace of 45 meters square with a magnificent view on Paris as the sacred heart. Subway Porte des Lilas or Mairie des Lilas in 8 minutes on foot. Possibility of putting its car in a parking lot under secure ground. Shops, restaurants, and supermarket in 2 minutes on foot of the apartment. District secured in a residence.	Beautiful room in a big flat, welcoming and warm room for your stay at the heart of the capital. Double bed with TV, wi fi... Room of baths with towels, hairdryer, straightener, washing machine, tumble-dryer... Common cooking(kitchen) with refrigerator, microphone(microcomputing) waves, oven... The apartment possesses a terrace of 45 meters square with a magnificent view on Paris as the sacred heart. Subway Porte des Lilas or Mairie des Lilas in 8 minutes on foot. Possibility of putting its car in a parking lot under secure ground. Shops, restaurants, and supermarket in 2 minutes on foot of the apartment. District secured in a residence.
4151		welcome in this charming T3 in a quiet complex of apartement in the north est of Paris just next to art center 104 (art exhibitions,restaurants,bookstore...) and 5 min walk Ourq canal + Villette.
4152	Un joli studio lumineux, à louer avec balcon et vue sur le quai de la Loire. 26 M2. Métro Laumière ou Jaures. Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Balcon avec magnifique panoramique sur le quai de la Loire. Mezzanine avec lit 2 (website hidden). Possibilité de faire du canoë kayak, aviron, et pédalo à 30 mètres et des balades en bateaux sans permis. Promenade aménagée pour les vélos et pour les joggeurs. Quartier entièrement rénové. Commerces, cafés, restaurants au bord de l'eau en bas de l'immeuble. Possibilité de voir des concerts et spectacles sur les péniches qui longent le quai de Loire ou le quai de de seine en face. A 10 mn à pied des Buttes Chaumont. Paris plage en juillet. Pétanque.Complexe de cinémas MK2 sur le quai à quelques mètres. Parc de Lavillette à visiter 2 stations de métro. J'aime mon quartier car on a la sensation d'être à la fois en ville et à la campagne.	Un joli appartement lumineux, avec une vue panoramique sur le canal de l'Ourq. Balcon avec possibilité de manger dehors.  Mezzanine lit 2 PLACES . Salle de bain et cuisine séparées. Pas de vis à vis. Au bord de l'eau, proche métro. Location bateau Un joli studio lumineux, à louer avec balcon et vue sur le quai de la Loire. 26 M2. Métro Laumière ou Jaures. Cuisine équipée. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Balcon avec magnifique panoramique sur le quai de la Loire. Mezzanine avec lit 2 (website hidden). Possibilité de faire du canoë kayak, aviron, et pédalo à 30 mètres et des balades en bateaux sans permis. Promenade aménagée pour les vélos et pour les joggeurs. Quartier entièrement rénové. Commerces, cafés, restaurants au bord de l'eau en bas de l'immeuble. Possibilité de voir des concerts et spectacles sur les péniches qui longent le quai de Loire ou le quai de de seine en face. A 10 mn à pied des Buttes Chaumont. Paris plage en juillet. Pétanque.Complexe de cinémas MK2 sur le quai à quel
4153		2 pieces chaleureux et spacieux pour un couple en visite a Paris qui aime cuisiner et profiter d'une tres grande salle de bain avec douche italienne et bain a bulles. Donnant sur une petite courette tranquille et agréable - Atypique.
4154	We'll be glad to welcom you in our lovely house, very near Buttes Chaumont and Canal Saint Martin. You'll have your own bedroom, small but cosy, and will be able to enjoy the full house and the courtyard. The neighbourhood is really nice and lively (2 min from metro Laumière), very easy to join from any part of Paris (Montmartre is 15 mins and Bastille 20 mins by metro), full of tasty food shops and nice walking tours. If you want to visit, you'll just have to ask me all my tips ! You'll find Wi-Fi, sheets, towels, soap, hairdryer. To arrive from airport or train station is very easy, and it take around 60min from airports. From Gare du nord or Gare de l'est it takes 15 min.	We'll be glad to welcom you in our lovely house, very near Buttes Chaumont and Canal Saint Martin. You'll have your own bedroom, small but cosy, and will be able to enjoy the full house and the courtyard. The neighbourhood is really nice and lively (2 min from metro Laumière), very easy to join from any part of Paris (Montmartre is 15 mins and Bastille 20 mins by metro), full of tasty food shops and nice walking tours. If you want to visit, you'll just have to ask me all my tips ! You'll find Wi-Fi, sheets, towels, soap, hairdryer. To arrive from airport or train station is very easy, and it take around 60min from airports. From Gare du nord or Gare de l'est it takes 15 min.
4155	That is a 3T (54 m 2) with two rooms and a living room with an open kitchen, bathroom with a larg shower and independant WC. In each rooms there is large bed for couples. It is furnished with oven, fridge, washing machine, phone and wifi. The flat is full of sun, exposed to the south with large windows. Its is situated by the canal de l'Ourcq and La Villette, very close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Jaures and the MK2 cinémas. It is a quiet street in a dynamic area full of vegetation and watter (very rare in Paris). You can acces to it by subway line 5 station Ourcq or line 7 station Crimée and also by bus 60. It is 10 minute far from gare du Nord and 20 minute far from the very center town of Paris.	Sunny appartment 54 square metter, by the canal near Parc de la Villette, Buttes Chaumont and Belleville. That is a 3T (54 m 2) with two rooms and a living room with an open kitchen, bathroom with a larg shower and independant WC. In each rooms there is large bed for couples. It is furnished with oven, fridge, washing machine, phone and wifi. The flat is full of sun, exposed to the south with large windows. Its is situated by the canal de l'Ourcq and La Villette, very close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Jaures and the MK2 cinémas. It is a quiet street in a dynamic area full of vegetation and watter (very rare in Paris). You can acces to it by subway line 5 station Ourcq or line 7 station Crimée and also by bus 60. It is 10 minute far from gare du Nord and 20 minute far from the very center town of Paris. You can have access to the entire flat expect stuffs tidy in cupboards. You can ask me any question you have regarding the appartment, the building,its neighborhood and Pari
4156	The loft has a living space of 80 m² and a separate bedroom of 20 m² The living space includes a dining area with open kitchen, a TV lounge area with sofa and armchairs, a sleeping area separated by a vegetable and Japanese partitions with 1 double and 2 single beds, 1 dressing The bedroom has 2 double beds separated by a Japanese partition and 1 dressing There is a shower room with shower and teak vanity and 2 toilets with washbasins A few meters from the nicest Park in Paris, Jourdain neighborhood looks like a village. Small streets, artisan workshops and artists, trendy cafes, restaurants, shops of all kinds All the historical, cultural and leisure attractions of Paris are easily accessible by metro (line 11) For everyday life everything is less than a 5-minute walk : metro, supermarket, outdoor market, pharmacy, banks, tobacco, laundry, medical center Completely new and decorated in a zen style, the loft has all the elements of comfort without excess furniture and fragile objects. 	Spacious and quiet loft is very friendly and comfortable for 8 people Located in the Jourdain district currently in vogue, it provides access in 15 minutes to cultural, historical and leisure in Paris The loft has a living space of 80 m² and a separate bedroom of 20 m² The living space includes a dining area with open kitchen, a TV lounge area with sofa and armchairs, a sleeping area separated by a vegetable and Japanese partitions with 1 double and 2 single beds, 1 dressing The bedroom has 2 double beds separated by a Japanese partition and 1 dressing There is a shower room with shower and teak vanity and 2 toilets with washbasins A few meters from the nicest Park in Paris, Jourdain neighborhood looks like a village. Small streets, artisan workshops and artists, trendy cafes, restaurants, shops of all kinds All the historical, cultural and leisure attractions of Paris are easily accessible by metro (line 11) For everyday life everything is less than a 5-minute walk : metro, supermarke
4157		Cosy love nest decorated with taste in the trendy quartier of Belleville. You'll have the whole place to yourselves. A step away from metro line 2 which takes you from Arc de triomphe to Père lachaise via Montmartre and le Moulin rouge. Enjoy :) 
4158	Envie de goûter pleinement à l'été dans la capitale ? L'appartement se trouve sur le Quai de la Seine, qui se transforme l'été en station (website hidden) Plages, c'est parti pour un mois du 20 juillet au 23 août sur le Bassin de la Villette:  5000 tonnes de sable, une 13e édition de Paris Plages, et bien sûr tout ce qu'il vous faut pour vous détendre. Du farniente, de l'eau, des buvettes, de la danse, du Taï Chi, de la pétanque, des sensations fortes pour tous les publics de tous âges. Festif, ludique  et gratuit! L'appartement se trouve a 5 mn  des jardins de la « Villette », des « Buttes-Chaumont », du zénith de la « Villette ». Et 10 mn du Bourget en RER, a partir de Gare du Nord (5mn de l'appartement) si vous devez assister a un salon.  	Location  studio clair et calme de 35m2 sur le bassin de la Villette (75019). Dans une résidence de standing sécurisée, sur le Quai de la seine.  Possibilité d'un parking dans la résidence. + 10 euros la journée Envie de goûter pleinement à l'été dans la capitale ? L'appartement se trouve sur le Quai de la Seine, qui se transforme l'été en station (website hidden) Plages, c'est parti pour un mois du 20 juillet au 23 août sur le Bassin de la Villette:  5000 tonnes de sable, une 13e édition de Paris Plages, et bien sûr tout ce qu'il vous faut pour vous détendre. Du farniente, de l'eau, des buvettes, de la danse, du Taï Chi, de la pétanque, des sensations fortes pour tous les publics de tous âges. Festif, ludique  et gratuit! L'appartement se trouve a 5 mn  des jardins de la « Villette », des « Buttes-Chaumont », du zénith de la « Villette ». Et 10 mn du Bourget en RER, a partir de Gare du Nord (5mn de l'appartement) si vous devez assister a un salon. Le studio se situe à 200 mètre de la 
4159	Appartement confortable et lumineux.  Equipé du WIFI, de la TV, d'1 sofa, d'1 fauteuil, d'1 machine à laver, d'1 frigo, d'1 four, de 2 plaques électriques, d'1 douche. La chambre dispose d'un lit 2 places.  Venez profiter de la capitale française!	Appartement confortable et lumineux situé aux bords du Canal St Martin et de la Villette (métro Jaurès), idéal pour de belles balades à pieds et pour profiter des petites boutiques et bars-restaurants typiques parisiens! Appartement confortable et lumineux.  Equipé du WIFI, de la TV, d'1 sofa, d'1 fauteuil, d'1 machine à laver, d'1 frigo, d'1 four, de 2 plaques électriques, d'1 douche. La chambre dispose d'un lit 2 places.  Venez profiter de la capitale française! Appartement entièrement à disposition des voyageurs.  Seule une pièce est fermée afin d'entreposer les affaires personnelles de l'hôte. Je peux vous renseigner sur la ville avant votre arrivée. Pendant votre séjour, je serai joignable par téléphone pour tout renseignement, même touristique! Situé aux bords du Canal St Martin et de la Villette (métro Jaurès), idéal pour un picnic sur les quais, un tour en bateau sans permis ou en bateau-mouche, de belles balades à pieds et pour profiter des petites boutiques et bars-restaurant
4160	The flat is located in a very neighbourhood 5 min from Stalingrad or Jaurès   underground stations. Several bus stops very near as well as local shops.	In a nice and peaceful neighbourhood, Dominique rents a quiet bedroom (internet access) in a very light 80m2 fully equiped flat with a small terrace, facing the Bassin de la Villette canal. Door code, entry phone and lift. The flat is located in a very neighbourhood 5 min from Stalingrad or Jaurès   underground stations. Several bus stops very near as well as local shops. Guests will have access to all rooms (kitchen, living-room, bathroom) except to the landlady's room. The nearest underground station is Stalingrad line 7 to La Courneuve (exit 5 at the front of the train) The landlady of the flat can't speak English and is sorry for it ;o) 
4161	Close to the Canal Saint Martin and Buttes Chaumont's Parc. Easy to get to the center of paris and the museums by subway. Safe and charming block with many cafe, restaurant & bars. Ideal to discover the real parisien way of life !	Studio room with double bed and couch for 2 (convertible). Wifi & computer. Bacony. Kitchen (oven, fridge, 2 cookpot, dishes). Bathroom with sink & bathtube and washing-machine. Just one room but full of light and calme neighbours. Surface 375 sq.ft Close to the Canal Saint Martin and Buttes Chaumont's Parc. Easy to get to the center of paris and the museums by subway. Safe and charming block with many cafe, restaurant & bars. Ideal to discover the real parisien way of life ! By Subway, Bus, walk (close to Gare du Nord railway station, 10 minutes). I'm on the 5th floor with and elevator? I can advises you about some good restaurant, backery, museum and subway passes. Also great tips about Paris narow unseen street ! Love art, food and journey. It's a typical part of Paris close to the center (15 min) and full of surprises (artistic area, parc, restaurant, bars & astonishing view of Paris). Love my place and the pictures it gives of Paris ! By subway, walk, bus. Very easy and connexion 
4162	On the 10th floor, with elevator and large terrace overlooking the Sacred heart. Windows in every room, a bedroom and a sofa bed can host 4 people.	Apartment at the foot of the Buttes-Chaumont Park, on the 10th floor. Large terrace overlooking Montmartre, outstanding view. Sunny and quiet, large living room. Flat is located near subway stations (l11 & 7bis lines) at 15' of Chatelet. On the 10th floor, with elevator and large terrace overlooking the Sacred heart. Windows in every room, a bedroom and a sofa bed can host 4 people. This place is like a little village in the heights of the city : dairies, butchers, grocery stores, bakeries, and small designer boutiques are located in the neighborhood. You can use line 11 (Chatelet - Mairie des Lilas)
4163	"A 30M² flat in Paris, for 2, 3 or 4 persons. just 2 minutes walk from the metro station ""Corentin Cariou"", 5 minutes walk from the big park of La Villette and La cité des Sciences/Géode. the center of Paris ""Les Halles"" or Montmartre in 20 minutes by métro, the Eiffel Tower in 30 minutes. you can also use the free bicycles called ""Vélib"", lot of  vélib stations close to my place.  the flat has a living room with a sofa (2 persons can sleep on), Internet; a bedroom; a small kitchen with a micro wave, an oven, and a cooker; a small bathroom and separated toilets. "	"30m² flat, confortable, calm and close to the shops and the subway. you can reach the places of paris to be seen, quickly. A 30M² flat in Paris, for 2, 3 or 4 persons. just 2 minutes walk from the metro station ""Corentin Cariou"", 5 minutes walk from the big park of La Villette and La cité des Sciences/Géode. the center of Paris ""Les Halles"" or Montmartre in 20 minutes by métro, the Eiffel Tower in 30 minutes. you can also use the free bicycles called ""Vélib"", lot of  vélib stations close to my place.  the flat has a living room with a sofa (2 persons can sleep on), Internet; a bedroom; a small kitchen with a micro wave, an oven, and a cooker; a small bathroom and separated toilets.  Oven, Micro wave, clothes machine, internet. i will give you all the informations you need before you arrive in Paris and i will let you some information about the neighborhood, the place to visite. my nice neighbor will help you if you need. A nice place close to the parc de la Villette, full of activities"
4164	This apartment is a duplex: the ground floor consists of an entrance, a living room with two sofas among which a convertible ( 2 sleepings around ), television, DVD player and IPod dock, fully-equipped kitchen with  dishwasher, oven, a terrace de13 m ². Two bedrooms at the first floor: Bedroom1 with a big bed for 2 people, an office desk, a big dressing room of 5m ² and Bedroom2 with a bed for 1 person, an office desk and a cupboard and the bathroom are on the first floor. This apartment is also equipped with an unlimited high-speed Internet access. Sheets, blankets, pillows, hand towels and kitchen utensils are supplied. The building built in the 1980s is equipped with an elevator, a code of entrance, an intercom, a caretaker, a parking lot to direct access.	Appartement de 3 pièces en duplex de 60 m²  est situé rue de Cambrai dans le 19ème arrondissement, au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble de 1980 et il peut accueillir 4 à 5 personnes. Il dispose d'une terrasse donnant sur un petit jardin privé. This apartment is a duplex: the ground floor consists of an entrance, a living room with two sofas among which a convertible ( 2 sleepings around ), television, DVD player and IPod dock, fully-equipped kitchen with  dishwasher, oven, a terrace de13 m ². Two bedrooms at the first floor: Bedroom1 with a big bed for 2 people, an office desk, a big dressing room of 5m ² and Bedroom2 with a bed for 1 person, an office desk and a cupboard and the bathroom are on the first floor. This apartment is also equipped with an unlimited high-speed Internet access. Sheets, blankets, pillows, hand towels and kitchen utensils are supplied. The building built in the 1980s is equipped with an elevator, a code of entrance, an intercom, a caretaker, a parking lot to direc
4165	 Apartment includes the following : Living & dining space w/ 2 balconies off either side of room balcony on other side of apt. 1 bedroom queen size bed 1 bedroom with 2 single beds  Kitchen w/ dish washer, washing machine 2 bathroom,. 1 Terrace 8 m2 overlooking a garden, 1 balcony overlooking canal WIFI & cable 3rd floor elevator L'appartement comprend :  1 grand séjour/salle à manger,  1 chambre avec un lit double 160,  1 chambre 2 lits simple 90 1 cuisine équipée .  2 salles de bain,  1 Terrasse 8 m2 donnant sur un jardin,  1 balcon, donnant sur canal Machines à laver vaisselle & lave linge, WIFI, câble TV. Ascenseur 3e étage	"Apartment of 80 m2, located on the Quai de la Seine in the nineteenth arrondissement, in a luxury building / modern design : includes the following : Living room w/ 2 balconies, 2 bed room w/balconies, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, toilet. Bike rental at the bottom of the building.  3 metro lines accessible station (3, 5 & 7) Located on the Saint Martin Canal, 19th District. 10 minutes walk from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (park), Parc de la Villette (park) & Cité des Sciences, North station, East station. 15 minutes from Bastille and Montmartre. Bike rental at the bottom of the building.  12 movie (V.O) theatres on the canal  In August, the infamous ""Paris Plage"" is installed along the canal with all kinds of fun for all ages - from pedalos in the water, to canoes, dance halls, social clubs, games for kids, modern day water srpinklers that keep you ""cool"" and ofcourse a lovely café to top off the day by watching the sun set with a glass of champagne all while taking it all in ... A 10 minute"
4166	Very quite (no street around) and charming one bedroom (30m2=333 sq. ft.) close to the Park Buttes Chaumont, third floor. Located, 14 rue du plateau, near the Park Buttes Chaumont (tube stops Buttes chaumont, line 7bis, or Pyrénées, line 11 (leading to Chatelet (the very center of Paris) in 15 mn), or Belleville, Line 2), in the 19th arrondissement, this 30 square meters apartment is composed of one bedroom, one living room and a small kitchen opened on the living room, (with parquet). On the third floor of an early 19th building with windows on both sides (south (living-room) - north (bedroom)), the apartment is very bright. Very small bathroom (with shower). Ideal for a couple: it is very very quite (windows lead to small (private) gardens with trees and small (private) courtyard). All charges (heat, water, electricity (in the limit of a normal use)) included. There is a washing machine, (no dishwasher), a fridge, an oven, a boyler, a coffee machine and free wireless internet access 	Very quite (no street around) and charming one bedroom (30m2=333 sq. ft.) close to the Park Buttes Chaumont, third floor. Located, 14 rue du plateau, near the Park Buttes Chaumont (tube stops Buttes chaumont, line 7bis, or Pyrénées, line 11 (leading to Chatelet (the very center of Paris) in 15 mn), or Belleville, Line 2), in the 19th arrondissement, this 30 square meters apartment is composed of one bedroom, one living room and a small kitchen opened on the living room, (with parquet). On the third floor of an early 19th building with windows on both sides (south (living-room) - north (bedroom)), the apartment is very bright. Very small bathroom (with shower). Ideal for a couple: it is very very quite (windows lead to small (private) gardens with trees and small (private) courtyard). All charges (heat, water, electricity (in the limit of a normal use)) included. There is a washing machine, (no dishwasher), a fridge, an oven, a boyler, a coffee machine and free wireless internet access 
4167	You'll feel just at home: - in a cozy place - with a comfy, big and warm bed - Beautiful and comfy sofa - with different textures and colors for a bit of visual variety. - in a clean and warmth space Vous êtes comme chez vous: - Dans in espace agréable, - avec un grand et confortable lit, duvet et oreillers en plumes d'oies. - beau et confortable canapé  - différentes textures et couleurs égayant votre espace de vie. - espace chaleureux et propre.	The Romantic Getaway of Paris 19th. Peaceful neighborhood, shopping areas, restaurants, bars and closed to public transport. Tuesdays, thursdays and sundays street market Next to la Villette Park, Buttes Chaumont, 15min by metro to Montmartre. You'll feel just at home: - in a cozy place - with a comfy, big and warm bed - Beautiful and comfy sofa - with different textures and colors for a bit of visual variety. - in a clean and warmth space Vous êtes comme chez vous: - Dans in espace agréable, - avec un grand et confortable lit, duvet et oreillers en plumes d'oies. - beau et confortable canapé  - différentes textures et couleurs égayant votre espace de vie. - espace chaleureux et propre. - Internet, wifi - Tv - Micro wave .... Micro onde - Coffee machine and water boiler, coffee, tea, sugar at your disposal..    ..... Machine à café et bouilloire, café, thé, sucre à votre disposition.. - Towels, bed sheets, Shampoon,    ..... Serviettes, linge de lit, shampoing, - Hair dryer ... Sèche c
4168	We wish to welcome you, as we have been welcomed warmly so many time in many countries. We hope this apartment will be your Parisian home for a while and that you will enjoy staying at it.	We wish to welcome you, as we have been welcomed warmly so many time in many countries. We wish to welcome you, as we have been welcomed warmly so many time in many countries. We hope this apartment will be your Parisian home for a while and that you will enjoy staying at it.
4169	Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur, un balcon filant sur la totalité de l'appartement afin de contempler la vue sur Paris posé un transat, une grand cuisine avec plaques à induction, cafetière, lave-linge tout le nécessaire pour passer un agréable moment à la maison. At 7th floor with a big lift, a long balcony over the entire apartment to contemplate the view on a deck , a large kitchen with induction cooker, coffee maker etc.. all you need for an enjoyable time at home	A piece of nature in Paris, your cozy room is located in a large corner apartment of 75m² , with long balcony and has its own bathroom. No overlooked, views of the canal. Close to metro station Line 7 to Musée du Louvres among other prestigious site Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur, un balcon filant sur la totalité de l'appartement afin de contempler la vue sur Paris posé un transat, une grand cuisine avec plaques à induction, cafetière, lave-linge tout le nécessaire pour passer un agréable moment à la maison. At 7th floor with a big lift, a long balcony over the entire apartment to contemplate the view on a deck , a large kitchen with induction cooker, coffee maker etc.. all you need for an enjoyable time at home Vous aurez accès à votre salle de bain, wc, cuisine, salon/salle à manger ainsi qu'au balcon. Guests have access to your bathroom , toilets , kitchen, living / dining room and the balcony. Nous resterons bien entendu à votre disposition pour répondre à vos questions et nous vous 
4170	Appartement 28 m2, 2 pièces, propre, calme lumineux, métro Jaurès.	Charmant Petit 2 pièces : 28 m2 Calme sur cour, refait à neuf , lumineux plein sud , 5eme étage. métro Jaurès Paris 19eme. Nombreux Commerces, marché couvert en bas, à côté des quais de seine . pour plus d'informations (email hidden) Appartement 28 m2, 2 pièces, propre, calme lumineux, métro Jaurès. Mértro Jaurès  Guacolda Artiste sur WhatsApp  Nombreux Commerces, marché couvert en bas, à côté des quais de seine, beaucoup de salles de cinéma. proche de la Villette métro jaurès   plein Sud et calme bien situé .
4171	10 min from Montmartre 15 min from Châtelet-les Halles (Paris center) Ideally located for guests arriving from Roissy CDG Airport (20 min by taxi) Ideally located for families, with many activities for children in the La Villette park Logement de 65 m² parfait pour 3 adultes ou une famille de 2 adultes et 2 enfants (1 lit double King size + 1 canapé-lit) Idéalement placé pour les familles avec enfants, avec un grand parc à proximité immédiate Idéalement placé pour les voyageurs arrivant de l'aéroport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle (20 min en taxi ou voiture, 35 min en RER-métro) Très pratique pour visiter Paris : à 10 min de Montmartre et 15 min du centre (Châtelet-les Halles) Sa situation face au parc de la Villette permet aux voyageurs de bénéficier d'une vraie respiration au coeur de la capitale.	Vast (65 m²) & charming old parisian one-bedroomed flat, overlooking a lovely courtyard. Metro station, all facilities, concert halls & museums, big park right outside the door. Ideally located to enjoy Paris without enduring its noise. 10 min from Montmartre 15 min from Châtelet-les Halles (Paris center) Ideally located for guests arriving from Roissy CDG Airport (20 min by taxi) Ideally located for families, with many activities for children in the La Villette park Logement de 65 m² parfait pour 3 adultes ou une famille de 2 adultes et 2 enfants (1 lit double King size + 1 canapé-lit) Idéalement placé pour les familles avec enfants, avec un grand parc à proximité immédiate Idéalement placé pour les voyageurs arrivant de l'aéroport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle (20 min en taxi ou voiture, 35 min en RER-métro) Très pratique pour visiter Paris : à 10 min de Montmartre et 15 min du centre (Châtelet-les Halles) Sa situation face au parc de la Villette permet aux voyageurs de bénéficier d'une v
4172		We are Mary and Nicolas, we have three children and a kitten. Our appartment is bright and pleasant. It is located in the district of Paris La Villette (with many cultural offerings and a 2 big green parks), near the metro line 5 (30  s. walk!)
4173		Je loue un studio équipé à neuf en juillet 2013. Plaques à induction, réfrigérateur, placards, canapé lit 140, wc. L'appartement donne sur cour, très calme, proche Montmartre, Canal Saint Martin. Métro 2, 5, 7. Idéal pour un mini séjour à Paris!   
4174	Le logement donne sur deux jardins à l'intérieur de la copropriété.	Appartement calme dans résidence de charme à 10 mn (en métro) du centre (Châtelet). Au coeur d'un quartier animé et commerçant, deux parcs à proximité.  Animaux non acceptés. Pas de bruit  après 22h00. Non fumeurs Le logement donne sur deux jardins à l'intérieur de la copropriété. Séjour - chambre - cuisine - salle de bains Hôtesse disponible pour toute recommandation ou information Quartier vivant, tous commerces. Deux parcs à proximité à 3 mn à pièd d'une station de métro (ligne 11 Mairie des Lilas) équipements : lave linge - lave vaisselle - télévision - sèche cheveux - linge (serviettes, draps) accès wifi.
4175	L'appartement est très calme et meublé dans un style moderne avec de nombreuses touches de vintage. La baignoire de la chambre 1 est une baignoire de 1930, les fauteuils du salon sont de design polonais des années 60 et les parquets et carrelages sont anciens.	Village de Jourdain, à 400m des Buttes Chaumont, cet appartement spacieux et calme est adapté aux familles avec enfants: 2 chambres (14m2 et 12m2) avec lit double (140x200cm), la 3è chambre (9m2,chambre enfant) a un lit simple en mezzanine (90x200cm). 2 personnes supplémentaires peuvent dormir sur des couchages d'appoint (1 matelas et le canapé). 1 grand salon avec cuisine équipée ou l'on peut manger jusqu'à 6 personnes, 1 salle de douche, 1 salle de bain, un WC. Parking en sous sol 15 €/nuit L'appartement est très calme et meublé dans un style moderne avec de nombreuses touches de vintage. La baignoire de la chambre 1 est une baignoire de 1930, les fauteuils du salon sont de design polonais des années 60 et les parquets et carrelages sont anciens. Vous êtes chez moi comme chez vous, tout est accessible mais je vous demande de prendre soin de toutes les affaires comme si c'était les votres et de les remettre à leur place après utilisation. Je serai joignable sur Whatsapp ou par télépho
4176	Très clair, très calme, fonctionnel et agréable.	Chambre indépendante dans bel appartement(7 étage ,ascenseur, gardiens )   situe prés du parc de  la Villette  et juste à coté du canal de  l Ourcq métro ligne 5 à 300m Bus 60 à 3mm Velib au pied de la résidence .We are parisians since We are born.Welcome ! Très clair, très calme, fonctionnel et agréable. salle de  bain toilette cuisine nous nous ferons un plaisir de  renseigner les voyageurs car Nous sommes nés à Paris et nous restons à Paris pour notre retraite car nous adorons notre ville. Nous pourrons vous indiquer les bons plans inconnus des touristes. Café du matin offert. quartier festif et multiculturel avec une auberge de jeunesse à 300m et Paris Plage en été.Very festiv and enjoying place We love our district. Métro ligne5, Bus 60 et taxis à proximité nous avons l habitude d échanger  notre appartement avec Home exchange.
4177	Appartement de 65m2, clair et lumineux. La déco est chaleureuse et colorée. Le salon fait env. 30m2 avec de grandes baies vitrées. La cuisine est spacieuse et fonctionnelle et ... il y a une baignoire dans la salle de bain !	Big bright apartment in a quiet and nice neighborhood. Really easy to catch public transportations (subway, tramway, bus, vélib). The bedroom is 15m2, double bed with a great closet and all amenities. Free access to all the apartment.
4178	Cinémas, péniches, supermarchés, restaurant, bars, lieux de concert et centres culturels à proximité. L´appartement est accessible Ligne 7, 5, et 2, à quelques minutes du centre de Paris et à 10 minutes à pied du parc des buttes de Chaumont ou 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre pour ceux qui veulent profiter de la ville en se balandant. 	Chambre calme et spacieuse avec lit double, située au bord du canal de l´Ourcq, proche parc des buttes Chaumont. Accessible Lignes 7, 5, et 2. Profitez des rangements, de la cuisine, de la salle de bain avec baignoire, d’un coin repas et d´internet. Cinémas, péniches, supermarchés, restaurant, bars, lieux de concert et centres culturels à proximité. L´appartement est accessible Ligne 7, 5, et 2, à quelques minutes du centre de Paris et à 10 minutes à pied du parc des buttes de Chaumont ou 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre pour ceux qui veulent profiter de la ville en se balandant. Cinémas, péniches, supermarchés, restaurant, bars, lieux de concert et centres culturels à proximité. L´appartement est accessible Ligne 7, 5, et 2, à quelques minutes du centre de Paris et à 10 minutes à pied du parc des buttes de Chaumont ou 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre pour ceux qui veulent profiter de la ville en se balandant. Nous vous accueilleront chaleureusement pour vous aider à vous installer et ne
4179	Cet appartement est très clair, haut de plafond avec des perspectives verdoyantes sur le parc de la Butte rouge. La décoration est sobre et originale.	Cet appartement est très clair, haut de plafond avec des perspectives verdoyantes sur le parc de la Butte rouge. La décoration est sobre et originale. Accès internet Je peux échanger en anglais et allemand. Niveau moyen. Parcs à 2 pas. Quartier pittoresque et unique à Paris. Grande Halle de la Villette, Cité de la musique, Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, cinémas MK2 Quai de Loire et Quai de Seine. Canal de l'Ourcq, hopital Robert Debré, très proches. Métro Pré Saint Gervais (à coté) Métro Place des Fêtes Tram station Robert Debré (Porte de Vincennes - Porte de la Chappelle) Bus 75 
4180	Welcome to my appartment ! I am a french/english parisian, and I will be very happy to help you out during your stay in Paris.  My appartment is in a modern building , on the second floor with a lift. It is mostly decorated with vintage 70'S furniture .   It includes a bedroom with a large bed, a dining/living room . Kitchen has an oven a stove a fridge a dush washer & washing machine. In the living room you'll find a big television with dvd player adsl and cable tv. Phone calls are free for U.S and most countries. . You can hook yourself on internet through wi-fi.  The 75 bus will take you down in twenty minutes into the heart of the marais (the oldest part of paris). The metro will take you in twenty minutes to bastille, twenty minutes to the opera and twenty five minutes to the louvre. or the Latin quarter.  Metro stops are Jaurès laumiere or simon bolivar.  The Parc des buttes chaumont is just behind the block, (five minutes walk), it's a great park if you like walking or jogging. 	Welcome to my appartment ! I am a french/english parisian, and I will be very happy to help you out during your stay in Paris.  My appartment is in a modern building , on the second floor with a lift. It is mostly decorated with vintage 70'S furniture .   It includes a bedroom with a large bed, a dining/living room . Kitchen has an oven a stove a fridge a dush washer & washing machine. In the living room you'll find a big television with dvd player adsl and cable tv. Phone calls are free for U.S and most countries. . You can hook yourself on internet through wi-fi.  The 75 bus will take you down in twenty minutes into the heart of the marais (the oldest part of paris). The metro will take you in twenty minutes to bastille, twenty minutes to the opera and twenty five minutes to the louvre. or the Latin quarter.  Metro stops are Jaurès laumiere or simon bolivar.  The Parc des buttes chaumont is just behind the block, (five minutes walk), it's a great park if you like walking or jogging. 
4181	Hi! one bedroom in our typical french duplex (3 bedrooms in total, colorful, parquet, ), very closed to the wonderful parc Buttes Chaumont (2min) & to the magic canal Ourcq (4min) & la Villette to enjoy open air cinema, music outside (10min)... Metro: Laumière (ligne 5) For tourist: you are closed to Chatelet Les Halles (20min), Gare du Nord (3 stops, 15min in order to take the RER B for Charles de Gaulle Airport).  All furnished, in a real bed, kitchen, big living romm, small bathroom, two entrances in the flat, internet (wifi). The flat is located to the commercial area where you gonna find a wine shop, local market, supermarket, fresh vegetable & fruits, butchery, bakery, flower shop... 5 min on foot, you will find a swimming pool, ice rink, fitness center. Feel free in our duplex flat & enjoy the french experience ! You will discover the french touch with the roomates if you wish ! We are 3 thirty year olded women and man. You can live your own life in the flat, but if you need som	Hi! one bedroom in our typical french duplex (3 bedrooms in total, colorful, parquet, ), very closed to the wonderful parc Buttes Chaumont (2min) & to the magic canal Ourcq (4min) & la Villette to enjoy open air cinema, music outside (10min)... Metro: Laumière (ligne 5) For tourist: you are closed to Chatelet Les Halles (20min), Gare du Nord (3 stops, 15min in order to take the RER B for Charles de Gaulle Airport).  All furnished, in a real bed, kitchen, big living romm, small bathroom, two entrances in the flat, internet (wifi). The flat is located to the commercial area where you gonna find a wine shop, local market, supermarket, fresh vegetable & fruits, butchery, bakery, flower shop... 5 min on foot, you will find a swimming pool, ice rink, fitness center. Feel free in our duplex flat & enjoy the french experience ! You will discover the french touch with the roomates if you wish ! We are 3 thirty year olded women and man. You can live your own life in the flat, but if you need som
4182		Appartement typiquement parisien - Chambre ensoleillée  Les plus - Au coeur de La Villette : Quartier populaire et dynamique - 2 minutes du Canal Ourcq - En face verdoyante Petite Ceinture - Au pied du Métro - 2 minutes du Parc de la Villette
4183	The place is flexible cause the bed can be closed in the wall in one second and the sofas can be easly moved around, as the table. The bathroom is comfortable, and not a little hole like it is usually in Paris. The shower is big. Dishwasher. Stereo. You can seat on the window eating or relaxing in the sun reading our books if you want.	"Comfortable appartment on wonderful little and quiet street.Next to markets, pharmacy, boulangeries, good and cheap restaurants. The best park in Paris:Buttes de Chaumont, 10 minutes walking. By metro to République in 10 minutes. WI FI. Big bathroom. The place is flexible cause the bed can be closed in the wall in one second and the sofas can be easly moved around, as the table. The bathroom is comfortable, and not a little hole like it is usually in Paris. The shower is big. Dishwasher. Stereo. You can seat on the window eating or relaxing in the sun reading our books if you want. The quartier is mixt, people are very kind, there are no problems around. Markets are open until late, the Rue de Belleville is interisting and typical. If you descend by walking you can arrive to the ""cool part of the city"" in 20 minutes.   Next to the parc of Buttes de Chaumont, parc de Belleville, Père Lachaise, Canal Saint-martin etc. The metro line 11 is at 4 minutes and takes 10 minutes to Belleville-R"
4184	It's located in a quiet neighbourhood that leads directly onto the Canal de l'Ourcq. In the summer, you may enjoy Paris-Plage on the banks of the canal: music and gigs, water games, old-style 'buvette' and 'guinguette' :) It takes a 2mn walk to La Villette and its large park, Cité des Sciences, Cité de la Musique, and it (email hidden) walk to Les Buttes Chaumont. It's also located 1 metro station away from the 104 Arts Centre and very close to the 'Glazart', an indie music venue. Convenience stores and Monoprix are very close to the flat. Line 7 goes directly to the Louvres museum, the Grands Magasins on Boulevard Haussmann, to Chatelet and the city center. Enjoy your stay!	It's located in a quiet neighbourhood that leads directly onto the Canal de l'Ourcq. In the summer, you may enjoy Paris-Plage on the banks of the canal: music and gigs, water games, old-style 'buvette' and 'guinguette' :) It takes a 2mn walk to La Villette and its large park, Cité des Sciences, Cité de la Musique, and it (email hidden) walk to Les Buttes Chaumont. It's also located 1 metro station away from the 104 Arts Centre and very close to the 'Glazart', an indie music venue. Convenience stores and Monoprix are very close to the flat. Line 7 goes directly to the Louvres museum, the Grands Magasins on Boulevard Haussmann, to Chatelet and the city center. Enjoy your stay! Métro ligne 7, arrêt Corentin Cariou Crimée. A proximité, le métro 5 et le tramway T3.
4185		Come stay at my charming student apartment in a historic building in the centre of Paris.  What I'm offering is a sofa-bed in the living room of my 35 m2 student apartment. The place is simple but clean. The sofa bed is a bit creaky and not new. So is the rest of the apartment, creaky and not new but warm, clean and comfortable and a home sweet home.  Towels and clean sheets are provided. There's a bathroom in the apartment with a shower/wash basin/toilet. So you'll be sleeping in the living area. You will be sharing the apartment with two other people - me and my mother. Ours is the only bedroom of the house. We love having Airbnb guests and so please come stay with us. Although I'm absent a lot, my mother stays at the apartment most of the day so you can ask her if you need any assistance, she'll be happy to help. Extreeeemely well-connected. We're 3 minutes away from the metro station Jaurès which is pretty close to downtown Paris. The neighborhood is full of supermarkets, restauran
4186		Appartement ou on se sent bien  Vue Montmartre ! Résidence sécurisée  Super quartier ! A 2 pas de tout!
4187	"Pretty, cosy flat next to the Canal and the park of the Villette.(2minutes) The flat is at the last floor (6th store without elevator). It is quiet. The appartement is for two or three with a child (max). It makes 45m2. There are 2 rooms : a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa. My flat is near from the park of la Villette where there are many cultural activities to do. Another park is very pleasant to walk in : the ""Butte Chaumont's park"" where you can have pic nics ! There is a swimming pool in my street : the Rouvet's one. Not crowded and a pleasant place to swim ! Nothing is far and everything is relaxing around the aera. The19th district is a family place to stay or the best place to enjoy cultural events (La Villette, le 104, ..) Here are the best ways to move in Paris by bus or underground : M° : L7 Corentin Cariou Enjoy your stay !"	"A very pleasant place to stay !  My flat is quiet and the neighborhood is pleasant to live in ! Pretty, cosy flat next to the Canal and the park of the Villette.(2minutes) The flat is at the last floor (6th store without elevator). It is quiet. The appartement is for two or three with a child (max). It makes 45m2. There are 2 rooms : a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa. My flat is near from the park of la Villette where there are many cultural activities to do. Another park is very pleasant to walk in : the ""Butte Chaumont's park"" where you can have pic nics ! There is a swimming pool in my street : the Rouvet's one. Not crowded and a pleasant place to swim ! Nothing is far and everything is relaxing around the aera. The19th district is a family place to stay or the best place to enjoy cultural events (La Villette, le 104, ..) Here are the best ways to move in Paris by bus or underground : M° : L7 Corentin Cariou Enjoy your stay ! Guests will have access to my boo"
4188		THIS APPARTMENT IS WELL SITUATED- CLOSE TO SHOPS, POST OFFICE, PARK AND ALL SERVICES AS WELL AS IN THE CITY OF PARIS SO CLOSE TO ALL MAJOR PARTS OF THE CITY - HAS COMFORTABLE ACCOMODATION FOR PEOPLE AND ALL MODERN APPLIANCES AS WELL AS INTERNET All modern appliances in the kitchen Internet and cable TV A real bath in the bathroom ! The building is 50 metres from the Buttes Chaumont park and the avenue has every shop one could want... Metro line 5 : stop at Laumiere Buses 60 , 75 , 48 in front of the town hall
4189	One-bedroom apartment  fully equipped with a washing machine, a clothes dryer, a dishwasher, and coffee machine. Large balcony with table to enjoy sunny breakfasts.  Lit 2 places avec matelas de qualité et un canapé lit pour accueillir deux voyageurs supplémentaires. Chaise bébé, Étendoir à linge. Draps, serviettes et torchons	One-bedroom apartment of 40m2 fully equipped 5 minutes away from the metro, and 50m away from Buttes Chaumont Park. Lot of convenience store Large balcony with table to enjoy sunny breakfasts. Washing machine with dryer and dishwasher. One-bedroom apartment  fully equipped with a washing machine, a clothes dryer, a dishwasher, and coffee machine. Large balcony with table to enjoy sunny breakfasts.  Lit 2 places avec matelas de qualité et un canapé lit pour accueillir deux voyageurs supplémentaires. Chaise bébé, Étendoir à linge. Draps, serviettes et torchons
4190	L'appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble de deux étages. Vous aurez l'impression de pénétrer dans une maison de campagne ! Très calme, proche de tous les commerces nécessaires et du métro ligne 11 qui relie directement le centre de Paris.  L'appartement présente une chambre équipée d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes. La pièce principale offre un espace séjour et un espace salle à manger. Très lumineux car traversant.	Chambre privée dans bel appartement de 50m², lit double, sur cour et au calme. Idéal pour 2 personnes. A deux pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont et du parc de Belleville. 3 minutes à pieds du métro Pyrénées, 10 minutes du centre de Paris (Châtelet). L'appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble de deux étages. Vous aurez l'impression de pénétrer dans une maison de campagne ! Très calme, proche de tous les commerces nécessaires et du métro ligne 11 qui relie directement le centre de Paris.  L'appartement présente une chambre équipée d'un canapé-lit pour deux personnes. La pièce principale offre un espace séjour et un espace salle à manger. Très lumineux car traversant. Vous avez accès à notre chambre d'amis. Nous partagerons la pièce à vivre et la salle de bains si nous sommes présents.  Connexion internet et WIFI.  Cuisine équipée. Si nous sommes présents, nous pourrons envisager de vous faire découvrir le quartier, et partager un repas.  Nous louons également notre appartement lorsque n
4191	"The Appartement is situated next to the famous ”104”, which when opening to the public, was named ”2. Centre Pompidou”. By car you'll reach the garage of your ”home” within 3 minutes from the ""Porte d'Aubervilliers"". You can rent a closed garage under the building which is 30€ until 7 days stay. From 8 days to one month it is 60€. Just beside the garage-box you've got the 2 lifts which bring you up to the appartement. From the Metro lines 7 (Riquet) und 12 (Marx Dormoy) you got there within 6-7 minutes. Inside this ”Residence Villa Curial” the appartement is located with western exposure in the last and 12. floor with no building in front of you. Fantastic sunset guaranted!  Bienvenu! Welcome! From this 12sqm large terrasse you got this amazing view on Eiffel tower, Sacré Coeur and so on. From midday on it is sunny at this place to have a relaxing view and in the evening a barbecue with friend you made durong the day. Parisians love to barbecue also ;-)) (a grill is there).  All floors"	"The Appartement is situated next to the famous ”104”, which when opening to the public, was named ”2. Centre Pompidou”. By car you'll reach the garage of your ”home” within 3 minutes from the ""Porte d'Aubervilliers"". You can rent a closed garage under the building which is 30€ until 7 days stay. From 8 days to one month it is 60€. Just beside the garage-box you've got the 2 lifts which bring you up to the appartement. From the Metro lines 7 (Riquet) und 12 (Marx Dormoy) you got there within 6-7 minutes. Inside this ”Residence Villa Curial” the appartement is located with western exposure in the last and 12. floor with no building in front of you. Fantastic sunset guaranted!  Bienvenu! Welcome! From this 12sqm large terrasse you got this amazing view on Eiffel tower, Sacré Coeur and so on. From midday on it is sunny at this place to have a relaxing view and in the evening a barbecue with friend you made durong the day. Parisians love to barbecue also ;-)) (a grill is there).  All floors"
4192	Design, quiet and sunny apartment with garden view.	Design, quiet and sunny apartment with garden view. Kitchen, living room (TV), WC, bathroom. WIFI. Private bedroom for the guest We can help to find informations and advices Famous area for 2 of the biggest parks / gardens of Paris : Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de la Villette (Geode, Grande Halle, Philharmonie, Zenith, Cite des Sciences et de l'Industrie, Cite de la musique, etc.) Ourcq Canal with lots of barges, boats, bars, restaurants, cinemas... Down the building : small neighbourhood or village shops (wines, butcher and cheese market, groceries...), supermarkets, chemistries, restaurants (pizzas, chinese, japonese, casher, libanese, french, african...) 3minutes walk : subway station Porte de Pantin (ligne 5) which is only 20mn from République, Bastille & Montmartre (Anvers station, on line 2).  Tramway T3B Butte du Chapeau Rouge (5mn walk).
4193	Apartment: 3 rooms (42 square meters), quiet, modern, bright (5 double windows), functional, and very clean. Well equipped. Very quiet, recently refurbished. A bedroom with a double bed, an office with a sofa bed for 2 people, a mattress in the living room. Modern, well equiped kitchen. Wifi available.  Living room with sofa (sleep 1 extra), coffee table, dining table, music, very nice. Fully equipped modern kitchen, open in the living room. Modern very clean bathroom with shower and toilet.	Nice 3 rooms apartment, quiet, convenient, clean. 3 rooms, 1 with a real bed, 1 with a sofa bed (2p), 1 with 1 sofa bed mattres. Modern kitchen, wifi, ground floor. 3 min from subway Colonel Fabien, and Parc Buttes Chaumont, 5min from Canal St Martin Apartment: 3 rooms (42 square meters), quiet, modern, bright (5 double windows), functional, and very clean. Well equipped. Very quiet, recently refurbished. A bedroom with a double bed, an office with a sofa bed for 2 people, a mattress in the living room. Modern, well equiped kitchen. Wifi available.  Living room with sofa (sleep 1 extra), coffee table, dining table, music, very nice. Fully equipped modern kitchen, open in the living room. Modern very clean bathroom with shower and toilet. We are at your disposal for any information / advice on Paris and our neighborhood. And of course available to share a good moment with you. Living area, accessible in terms of prices, very green: 3 min from the beautiful park of Buttes Chaumont, 5 min
4194	Cet appartement cosy dispose d'une pièce principale avec cuisine attenante, d'une grande chambre et d'une salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Ce qui le rend unique est surtout son emplacement: au bord du bassin de la Vilette. Vous n'aurez plus l'impression d'être à Paris tant c'est calme, paisible, loin de l'agitation des grandes artères. Et pourtant vous ne serez qu'à 15 minutes en métro des principaux lieux de la capitale!	Deux pièces lumineux, calme et accueillant. Peut loger deux personnes, avec une chambre séparée, grand lit très confortable. Cuisine toute équipée; balcon. Centre de Paris accessible en 15min en métro. Quartier jeune, verdoyant, très sympa!  Cet appartement cosy dispose d'une pièce principale avec cuisine attenante, d'une grande chambre et d'une salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Ce qui le rend unique est surtout son emplacement: au bord du bassin de la Vilette. Vous n'aurez plus l'impression d'être à Paris tant c'est calme, paisible, loin de l'agitation des grandes artères. Et pourtant vous ne serez qu'à 15 minutes en métro des principaux lieux de la capitale! L'appartement dispose d'une télévision, lecteur DVD, Wi-Fi, enceinte bluetooth, machine à laver. Fumeurs acceptés mais interdiction de fumer dans la chambre; l'idéal serait de fumer sur le balcon. Cette partie du 19ème arrondissement est en pleine métamorphose. Vous avez le calme du canal (très peu de voitures) mais aussi 
4195	Une amie ou moi même Resterons  à la disponibilité de mes hôtes quand ils le souhaitent   Juste à côté : les buttes de Chaumont ,Le parc de La Villette , le canal de l ourq , cinéma mk2 , Balade en vélib  Métro Ourq , tramway porte de pantin, vélib, bus   une femme de ménage vient une fois par semaine  Une amie ou moi même Resterons  à la disponibilité de mes hôtes quand ils le souhaitent   Juste à côté : les buttes de Chaumont ,Le parc de La Villette , le canal de l ourq , cinéma mk2 , Balade en vélib  Métro Ourq , tramway porte de pantin, vélib, bus   une femme de ménage vient une fois par semaine 	 charmant  studio lumineux au rez dc 27 mètres carré ainsi qu une place de parking dans l immeuble ,à deux minutes du métro Ourq ,à 5 minutes du canal et de la Villette .quartier très sympa ,un vrai cocon tout confort, internet ,machine à laver, baignoire , canapé , lit deux places  Une amie ou moi même Resterons  à la disponibilité de mes hôtes quand ils le souhaitent   Juste à côté : les buttes de Chaumont ,Le parc de La Villette , le canal de l ourq , cinéma mk2 , Balade en vélib  Métro Ourq , tramway porte de pantin, vélib, bus   une femme de ménage vient une fois par semaine  Une amie ou moi même Resterons  à la disponibilité de mes hôtes quand ils le souhaitent   Juste à côté : les buttes de Chaumont ,Le parc de La Villette , le canal de l ourq , cinéma mk2 , Balade en vélib  Métro Ourq , tramway porte de pantin, vélib, bus   une femme de ménage vient une fois par semaine  Une amie ou moi même Resterons  à la disponibilité de mes hôtes quand ils le souhaitent  , pour le confort d
4196	This wonderful loft is composed of a large living room of 60 m2 decorated with a huge double aquarium and a water wall. The huge couch offers the possibility of 2 extra beds At the entry, an oval bar is straight to the opened kitchen where you can share your meals on an opened and lightly space. This area also got a space toilet: you won't believe it! Upstairs, discover the parental room with a King Size Bed, in this lovely area of Asian inspiration, you'll find the hot tub jacuzzi (which can fit 6 people) allowing specific massage position on each seat. Another room with a large dressing offers the possibility of 2 more sleeps. On the bathroom, place to a relaxing area where you can enjoy the hammam (5 seats) and a massaging shower, a toilet is also available. So much to do on this loft that should not leave you indifferent!	Welcome to Paris, close to the legendary Buttes Chaumont Park, a surprising and unusual loft 120m2 comfort waiting for you. In this magical place, you can relax in the Jacuzzi (6 places) and steam room Hammam at your disposal This wonderful loft is composed of a large living room of 60 m2 decorated with a huge double aquarium and a water wall. The huge couch offers the possibility of 2 extra beds At the entry, an oval bar is straight to the opened kitchen where you can share your meals on an opened and lightly space. This area also got a space toilet: you won't believe it! Upstairs, discover the parental room with a King Size Bed, in this lovely area of Asian inspiration, you'll find the hot tub jacuzzi (which can fit 6 people) allowing specific massage position on each seat. Another room with a large dressing offers the possibility of 2 more sleeps. On the bathroom, place to a relaxing area where you can enjoy the hammam (5 seats) and a massaging shower, a toilet is also available. So
4197	Mini 3 pcs tres Design - Sejour Cuisine Salle à manger Chambre Very Design - Mini 3 main room: Living Dinning Kitchen Bedroom	34.0 m² au sol. - 2ème étage sans ascenseur 2 pièces - Mini 3 pièces (cuisine Salle  Manger) Station Metro Stalingrad  34.0 m². - 2nd floor - no lift  2 pièces - Mini 3 pièces (kitchen - dinning) Station Metro Stalingrad   Mini 3 pcs tres Design - Sejour Cuisine Salle à manger Chambre Very Design - Mini 3 main room: Living Dinning Kitchen Bedroom  CDG 30-40 mn  Gare du Nord or Gare de l'Est 3-5 mn Email Max 15mn de toutes les attractions parisiennes: Champs Elysees, Le Marais, Tour Eiffel, Opera, Grands Magasin Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Max 15mn away for all main Parisian main spots: Champs Elysees, Le Marais, Tour Eiffel, Opera, Departement stores: Galeries Lafayette, Printemps Station Stalingrad a 1mn - Ligne de Metro 2, 5, 7 1 mn away from Stalingrad Metro station - Metro ligne 2, 5, 7 
4198		Dans une cour d'immeuble, au 6ème étage, cet appartement, à deux pas du parc de la Villette, est très calme et lumineux. Le métro (ligne 5) est à moins de 5 minutes à pieds, gare du nord et gare de l'est sont à moins de 15 minutes.
4199	Logement neuf en rez de jardin avec un séjour, une cuisine tout équipée, toilettes et salle de bains séparées, wi-fi, accès très sécurisé. A 3 minutes du métro Crimée, ligne 7. Tous commerces, poste, pharmacie, boulangerie à proximité. Tarif dégressif à la semaine (210 euros/5 nuits, 250 euros/6 nuits et 280 euros/7 nuits).	Cosy apartment, modern and fully-equipped in Paris, I can rent my bedroom to one or two persons who want to stay in Paris for short stays. As a teacher, I will be present in the apartment except during the holidays Logement neuf en rez de jardin avec un séjour, une cuisine tout équipée, toilettes et salle de bains séparées, wi-fi, accès très sécurisé. A 3 minutes du métro Crimée, ligne 7. Tous commerces, poste, pharmacie, boulangerie à proximité. Tarif dégressif à la semaine (210 euros/5 nuits, 250 euros/6 nuits et 280 euros/7 nuits). Vous louerez ma chambre pour une ou deux personnes et aurez bien sûr accès à l'appartement entier : toilettes, salle de bains, cuisine, terrasse, séjour. Vous pourrez y cuisiner.  Selon nos disponibilités respectives. Quartier populaire, tous commerces à proximité, belles promenades à effectuer le long du canal de l'Ourcq, du parc de la Villlette et de la cité des sciences et de l'industrie. Métro ligne 7, station Crimée Je peux vous héberger pour une nui
