20400	Borned and raised in Paris …I love my town !!!  Oftently  I rent my flat when I travel for who wish  to taste  the Parisian lifestyle and discover this amazing city. My flat is a lovely 27m2 studio fully furnished, in a very quiet street, located in a shopping area close to the Metro Gambetta (L3). This apartment is ideal to accommodate two passengers, consists of two separate areas: living room / bedroom (double bed). Travelers can enjoy during their stay : - A flat screen TV (national and international channels), Internet (Ethernet / wireless); - A kitchen makeover (plates, combination microwave , washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc ...); - A bathroom, although small but with everything you need; - Plenty of storage and closet - Towels - Sheets - Haidryer - SoundDock Portable digital Music System (Bose) The apartment is well served by public transportation: it is located 1 minute walk from the Metro Gambetta, and next to several bus lines. In 15 'you will 	Borned and raised in Paris …I love my town !!!  Oftently  I rent my flat when I travel for who wish  to taste  the Parisian lifestyle and discover this amazing city. My flat is a lovely 27m2 studio fully furnished, in a very quiet street, located in a shopping area close to the Metro Gambetta (L3). This apartment is ideal to accommodate two passengers, consists of two separate areas: living room / bedroom (double bed). Travelers can enjoy during their stay : - A flat screen TV (national and international channels), Internet (Ethernet / wireless); - A kitchen makeover (plates, combination microwave , washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, kettle, toaster, etc ...); - A bathroom, although small but with everything you need; - Plenty of storage and closet - Towels - Sheets - Haidryer - SoundDock Portable digital Music System (Bose) The apartment is well served by public transportation: it is located 1 minute walk from the Metro Gambetta, and next to several bus lines. In 15 'you will 
20401		Bright cosy apartment at the neighborhood of Belleville in Paris. Perfect for a couple or a group of friends. Situated at Jourdain, line 11 of Paris metro, direct connection to the center, Centre Pompidou and Place de la République. All equipped! The apartment is situated at the north of Belleville neighborhood. Popular and cool neighborhood, nice bars and chinese restaurants. Not to miss: La cantine de belleville, Aux Triplettes, Café Chéri Line 11 between the stations Jourdain and Place des Fêtes. I would recommend to always use Jourdain station: nicest walk, bakeries, pharmacy and supermakets close.
20402	C'est un appartement très mignon de 38m2 est situé au 4ème étage sur cour. Parquet en bois.  La salle de bains a été refaite récemment. Un lit bultex King size tout neuf est à votre disposition!  Les draps et les couettes sont fournis ;-) La machine à laver est à votre disposition. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. L'appartement est très calme. On entend les oiseaux chanter.	It's a flat at 50 steps to the Père Lachaise!  Bed king size.  All the items to have a good trips are available in my flat;
20403	Studio rénové et propre,  accueille 2 personnes.Immeuble ancien,des années 1920, façade refaite il y a 2 ans. Le nettoyage de la cage d'escalier est faite une fois par semaine. Il se situe au coeur de de Ménilmontant pratique pour visiter et sortir. 	Studio,1 pièce peut loger 2 personnes 1er étage d'un immeuble  des années 1920. Situé au coeur du charmant quartier de Ménilmontant cosmopolite et artistique. Si vous recherchez la calme s'abstenir. Quartier vivant! Studio rénové et propre,  accueille 2 personnes.Immeuble ancien,des années 1920, façade refaite il y a 2 ans. Le nettoyage de la cage d'escalier est faite une fois par semaine. Il se situe au coeur de de Ménilmontant pratique pour visiter et sortir. Le Bar/Restaurant qui se trouve à 2 pas vous offre une boisson de bienvenue. Aucune interdiction. C'est le quartier authentique de Ménilmontant, ses bars, sa vie nocturne. Alors pour ceux et celles qui souhaites dormir tôt s'abstenir car du jeudi au samedi soir le quartier est vivant. On peut me joindre sur mon portable, ou par via le site. Je suis présente lors de votre arrivée et assez disponible si vous avez besoin de moi pendant votre séjour. Les horaires sont assez flexibles bien que j'ai été obligée de mettre des heures d'
20404	The flat is a pretty studio of 30m2, overlooking a small garden, in a luxurious, calm and secured residence with digital code and a janitor.  It is very illuminated. The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere, and a beautiful hardwood floor. There is a comfortable twin sofa bed, a large table, one desk and shelves. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a washing and drying machine. You also have a hairdryer in the bathroom to travel light.   It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is close to some well known lively areas such as Belleville and Ménilmontant. It is also very close to the subway station Gambetta, line 3, which crosses Paris from east to west, and leads you to the main touristic places as Republique, Châtelet, Le marais, Opéra... The bus takes you in a few minutes to the Buttes Chaumont Park, one of the most amazi	The flat is a pretty studio of 30m2, overlooking a small garden, in a luxurious, calm and secured residence with digital code and a janitor.  It is very illuminated. The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere, and a beautiful hardwood floor. There is a comfortable twin sofa bed, a large table, one desk and shelves. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 2 electric plates, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a washing and drying machine. You also have a hairdryer in the bathroom to travel light.   It is located in a historical quarter of Paris, next to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is close to some well known lively areas such as Belleville and Ménilmontant. It is also very close to the subway station Gambetta, line 3, which crosses Paris from east to west, and leads you to the main touristic places as Republique, Châtelet, Le marais, Opéra... The bus takes you in a few minutes to the Buttes Chaumont Park, one of the most amazi
20405	Orientated south, the brightness of the flat is really nice as you get the sun all day long!  Super confortable bed, couch, futon and living room	Every once in a while, me or my roommate go out of town, so come join one of us in our 3 room condo! View on the Pere Lachaise cemetery, all commodities near by, 10 min away from Bastille, Republique and oberkampf ! Very bright flat, orientated South Orientated south, the brightness of the flat is really nice as you get the sun all day long!  Super confortable bed, couch, futon and living room You have access to the whole flat except for my flatmate's room, just like me :) We won't be seeing a lot of each other since we work, but we can make time to show you cool places to go to, museums, exhibitions, restaurants etc ! Have a walk around the mythical and southing Pere Lachaise cementery, the largest green area of Paris. You will come across people like Morrison, Oscar Wild or Edith Piaf  Just a few minutes from the main social areas of Paris, you won't have trouble cycling back from Bastille, Oberkampf, or Le Marais. All commodities near by ! 200 meters away from metro Pere Lachaise (l
20406	Our apartment is very nice and quiet, close to subway and shops. We are on the 6th floor with no elevator, so rather for athletes! We have two small balconies that make it very pleasant in summer. The capacity is 4 people, distributed in a bedroom and an office with a sofa bed. We offer internet, washing machine, telephone. In exchange for rent, we require as little service to water our many plants, once in your stay!	Our apartment is very nice and bright, located in a quiet and charming area (La Campagne à Paris, Père Lachaise). Sleeps 4 possible, 6th floor, near shops and metro, comfortable. Our apartment is very nice and quiet, close to subway and shops. We are on the 6th floor with no elevator, so rather for athletes! We have two small balconies that make it very pleasant in summer. The capacity is 4 people, distributed in a bedroom and an office with a sofa bed. We offer internet, washing machine, telephone. In exchange for rent, we require as little service to water our many plants, once in your stay! 20th quiet, close to the countryside to Paris, Père Lachaise, in the 11th arrondissement. Any kind of shops nearby and a market on Wednesdays and Saturdays! Note: Note that the bathroom is tiny but functional!
20407	L'appartement est très bien situé (20 minutes du centre de Paris en métro), et très calme. Proche commerces, proche du métro (1 minute), différents bus passent autour et même les bus de nuit. Vous pouvez donc vous déplacer rapidement et simplement tout au long de la journée. On peut accéder à des hotspots depuis l'appartement mais il n'y a pas de Wifi. Mais, le café-restaurant en face bénéficie du Wifi ainsi que les cafés de la place Gambetta. 	Deux pièces à Gambetta. Une chambre et un salon avec cuisine ouverte. Salle de bain avec toilettes et baignoire. Plusieurs commerces tout au long de la rue. Proche du cimetière Père Lachaise, de Belleville, et du Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Très calme. L'appartement est très bien situé (20 minutes du centre de Paris en métro), et très calme. Proche commerces, proche du métro (1 minute), différents bus passent autour et même les bus de nuit. Vous pouvez donc vous déplacer rapidement et simplement tout au long de la journée. On peut accéder à des hotspots depuis l'appartement mais il n'y a pas de Wifi. Mais, le café-restaurant en face bénéficie du Wifi ainsi que les cafés de la place Gambetta. Le logement entier est en location. Je suis disponible par e-mail et par téléphone tous les jours. Je parle anglais et, j'ai quelques notions d'espagnol. Je me ferais un plaisir de répondre aux questions des voyageurs. Le quartier Gambetta est animé, vivant, populaire et sympathique. Il se caractéris
20408	Le logement est une colocation au RDC dans un quartier assez calme mais proche de grands axes à Paris : Nation à 10 min Bastille à 10/15 min Saint Laz à 20min On se trouve également pas loin du fameux Père lachaise où encore de la petite ceinture!	Charmante colocation dans le 20ème arr de Paris. Cette chambre privée au RDV av lit double qui donne sur la cours privée, cours dans laquelle vous pourrez facilement prendre une petit déjeuner au soleil ou vous relaxer. Le logement est une colocation au RDC dans un quartier assez calme mais proche de grands axes à Paris : Nation à 10 min Bastille à 10/15 min Saint Laz à 20min On se trouve également pas loin du fameux Père lachaise où encore de la petite ceinture! Les parties communes seront en libres accès : salle de bain, cuisine, salon, cours intérieur. Bien entendu les équipements seront aussi mis à disposition : TV, internet sans fil, électroménager, sono etc etc... Mes colocataires seront les personnes avec qui vous échangerez le plus, en effet, je vous propose ma chambre pendant que j'irais découvrir la Croatie. Je serais toutefois joignable principalement par mail. Ce quartier est vivant mais pas trop, avec quelques endroits fétiche à deux pas, on y est tranquille, et quand on s
20409	Clean sheets and towels.	Nice double bed-room with private bathroom. All furnished + wi-fi. My flatmates (both 25years old) are pretty quiet and welcoming. 5mins from the metro Gambetta (L3) and 15min by metro to République. Clean sheets and towels. Access to the kitchen. My roomates will be there to welcome you during your stay. 10 minutes by foot from Père Lachaise if you want to visit Jim Morison's grave. 3 supermarkets, 2 bakeries, and a lot of restaurants and bars around. 5mins from the metro L3 - 4 stations to the center Republique
20410	"In the art of new""Bohème"",cosmpolitan and arty part of Paris, i'm sub-renting my room in a very cute appartement.  It's shared with a very cool roomate.  The flat is composed with her bedroom, a big double living room and my bedroom (which will be your's for few days!). We have a very cool bathroom and in the kitchen, everything you need for a cooking a good meal! You have a lot of metro like lines 9, 2, 1, 6 and RER A."	"When I'm not in Paris, I sublet my room in my awesome flat! Let's enjoy my cosy place! In the art of new""Bohème"",cosmpolitan and arty part of Paris, i'm sub-renting my room in a very cute appartement.  It's shared with a very cool roomate.  The flat is composed with her bedroom, a big double living room and my bedroom (which will be your's for few days!). We have a very cool bathroom and in the kitchen, everything you need for a cooking a good meal! You have a lot of metro like lines 9, 2, 1, 6 and RER A."
20411	The room is in a huge apartment (60 sq meters) with 2 other rooms (mine and my flatmate's room). TV and DVD player in the guest's room. The apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) in a typical parisian architecture building. All the commodities : - TV and DVD player in the room - A fully equipped kitchen (where you could eat): fridge, washing machine, coffee maker, toaster, etc - 1 bathroom with a bath, hairdryer and clean towels - 1 independent WC  - WIFI Internet broadband, free telephone for France (landlines & mobile), Europe, US, Canada, most of Asian countries, etc - 1 large windows with balcony , bright room - Lots of books and CDs ;)  - The building has a safety code No smoking ! Safe and quiet area with many stores.	Queen size sofa-bed in a 12 sq meters room, very bright apartment. Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bath, balcony ... 10 minutes walk to Parc des Buttes Chaumont  Easy transportation : metro line 11 (10 min to Republique, 15 min to Châtelet). The room is in a huge apartment (60 sq meters) with 2 other rooms (mine and my flatmate's room). TV and DVD player in the guest's room. The apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) in a typical parisian architecture building. All the commodities : - TV and DVD player in the room - A fully equipped kitchen (where you could eat): fridge, washing machine, coffee maker, toaster, etc - 1 bathroom with a bath, hairdryer and clean towels - 1 independent WC  - WIFI Internet broadband, free telephone for France (landlines & mobile), Europe, US, Canada, most of Asian countries, etc - 1 large windows with balcony , bright room - Lots of books and CDs ;)  - The building has a safety code No smoking ! Safe and quiet area with many stores. In the kitc
20412	A big shinny house with large terrace, two floors.	"Hello, French family rents a room in big house (180m2) with terrace in Paris from may to august. A big shinny house with large terrace, two floors. Private room: 15m2. 1 bathroom (shower) at the second floor. There is  séparate WC. You can use Washing machine You can use kitchen, living room, terrace. We would like to talk by message before if it´s possible This is a quiet and Nice district (XXeme arrondissement) near Père Lachaise cimetery. You can find everything: coffee and tea house, ""bistrots"", restaurants, malls,... We can share in (website) a map from the district. Metro station at 5min: ""Gambetta"" or ""porte de Bagnolet"" ligne 3. Metro 3bis (Gambetta- Porte des Lilas). Bus: number (phone number hidden) Tramway: T3b RER: A (""nation"" station)"
20413	Quiet bedroom overlooking the courtyard, located in a typical appartment of the very nice Paris XXth district. 2 to 4 people may stay in the bedroom (2 matresses are at disposal). Bathroom equipped with a bathtub, fully equipped kitchen, separate toilets, tv and wifi available. Typically Parisian, this flat is decorated with extravagant souvenirs that I bring home from the various filming experiences I participate in. Very safe and quiet, the neighbourhood is located next to Ménilmontant (more lively with many bars and restaurants) There is a supermaket right across the street, a cinema on the place Gambetta. Very enjoyable surroundings and pleasant atmosphere. Bus : 61 / 26 / 60 Métro : 3 (Gambetta) / 3bis (Pelleport)	Quiet bedroom overlooking the courtyard, located in a typical appartment of the very nice Paris XXth district. 2 to 4 people may stay in the bedroom (2 matresses are at disposal). Bathroom equipped with a bathtub, fully equipped kitchen, separate toilets, tv and wifi available. Typically Parisian, this flat is decorated with extravagant souvenirs that I bring home from the various filming experiences I participate in. Very safe and quiet, the neighbourhood is located next to Ménilmontant (more lively with many bars and restaurants) There is a supermaket right across the street, a cinema on the place Gambetta. Very enjoyable surroundings and pleasant atmosphere. Bus : 61 / 26 / 60 Métro : 3 (Gambetta) / 3bis (Pelleport)
20414	Furnished according to you. Very Safe and nice neighbourhood.	Nice little studio.close(3min)to metro saint fargeau.line8.nice and safe neighbourhood.renewed building.2 convertibles.kitchenette.dinning table.WC+(website hidden).lift. Furnished according to you. Very Safe and nice neighbourhood. Possibly wifi.lift. My phone number at your disposal. Safe clean well located. Metro line 8.saint fargeau station. Renewed.furnished.
20415	Beautifull and charming 1900's apartment of classic Parisian style. 62 square meters, two bedrooms, a large living room with a separated kitchen, a dressing, a bathroom and a separated WC. The main bedroom has a king size bed. Fully equiped (washer, dishwasher, oven, etc.), the apartment is very sunny with large south windows. It is very quiet at night.  The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator which is good to keep healthy! The apartment is located in the charming artist neighborhood of Bellville and Jourdain. This area is also called the High Belleville (home of the famous Edith Piaf). On Belleville and Jourdain Street you can find a lot of top qualities food shops (bakeries, butcheries, cheese and wine shops, etc.) and many typical Parisian restaurants. Anything you have ever wanted to taste is in a five minute walk. The apartment is next to the metro Pyrénées on the 11 line, a direct line metro which rides to the center of Paris – Châtelet, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, in olny 	Beautiful and sunny flat with 2 bedrooms and a nice living room in a real pleasant and shopping neighborhood. Next to the metro Pyrénées and 5 minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont park. 10 minutes from the center of Paris (Châtelet) by metro. Beautifull and charming 1900's apartment of classic Parisian style. 62 square meters, two bedrooms, a large living room with a separated kitchen, a dressing, a bathroom and a separated WC. The main bedroom has a king size bed. Fully equiped (washer, dishwasher, oven, etc.), the apartment is very sunny with large south windows. It is very quiet at night.  The apartment is on the 5th floor without elevator which is good to keep healthy! The apartment is located in the charming artist neighborhood of Bellville and Jourdain. This area is also called the High Belleville (home of the famous Edith Piaf). On Belleville and Jourdain Street you can find a lot of top qualities food shops (bakeries, butcheries, cheese and wine shops, etc.) and many typical P
20416	This cosy private double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to spend time with the others occupants by long-stay friendly students or other BnB customers. There are also a laundry with washer and dryer and a small backyard. The house is closed to Pere Lachaise and Gambetta well known for its vibrant nigh	A beautiful room that is located in the 20th arrond, its comfort will take you away. You will find everything what you need (kitchen, shower, wifi...)This flat is perfect for travelling on its own. This cosy private double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to spend time with the others occupants by long
20417	Charming and sunny flat, wooden floor, 27m2 in Paris 20è Gambetta, 7th floor with 2 elevators, balcony south-east, with a view over Paris. Kitchen with a space for meals. Bathroom with tub. Clothes & dishes washing machines. All equipments and double bed with a high quality matress. All ameneties around, M° Gambetta, Bus (phone number hidden). Guardian, private garden.1150€/m all charges included (water cold/hot, central heating, electricity, waste tax, home cleaning twice/month). Photos on request. Available from June 2013.	Charming and sunny flat, wooden floor, 27m2 in Paris 20è Gambetta, 7th floor with 2 elevators, balcony south-east, with a view over Paris. Kitchen with a space for meals. Bathroom with tub. Clothes & dishes washing machines. All equipments and double bed with a high quality matress. All ameneties around, M° Gambetta, Bus (phone number hidden). Guardian, private garden.1150€/m all charges included (water cold/hot, central heating, electricity, waste tax, home cleaning twice/month). Photos on request. Available from June 2013.
20418		Grande chambre ensoleillée avenue Gambetta, proche Père Lachaise, Belleville, République.  Parquet et cheminé, dans 4 pièces haussmannien au sixième étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine/salle à manger + SDB/baignoire + WC séparés Supermarché + metro à 10m
20419	This cosy private Double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to spend time with the others occupants by long-stay friendly students or other BnB customers. There are also a laundry with washer and dryer and a small backyard. The house is closed to Pere Lachaise and Gambetta well known for its vibrant nigh	Welcome to this warm and cosy room in a shared house in central Paris, in this lively area that is Gambetta. Quiet, this bedroom well furnished will offers you all the confort you need. Its space and interior decor will please you for sure.. This cosy private Double bedroom is in a house located in a very unique area of Paris. You can see the other rooms in my listing if this one is not vacant. Each room has its own key, and are looking out either onto the street or onto the garden. Enjoy this little green area, one of the last place in Paris were you can still find houses. This comfortable house is two blocks away from the Metro (3 minutes’ walk), and from there about 20 minutes to everything you want to see in the city (Louvre, Bastille, Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Eiffel Tower...) There is a very large and fully equipped kitchen (3 stoves, 3 fridges, 2 ovens, dining table for 12, French coffeemakers...) located in the basement just like in London and brand new. It is a good spot to 
20420	Nice views on Paris, very calm.  	Bedroom with large bed in a very calm block of residencial flats. Nice views on Paris, very calm.   internet, kitchen I will be there in August.
20421	Spacious, bright and quiet 40 m2 studio (top floor).  Comfortable double bed on the mezzanine, sheets and pillows are provided. One third place can be available on the sofa bed.  Outside access on both side of the flat : one 10m2 terrace with dinner table and one 8m2 balcony.  Bathroom with bath (we provide you towels) and separated WC.  Fully furnished small kitchen : fridge, hob and oven. You will find as well a toaster, a blender, a coffee machine and a  Overhead projector + screen available, for home-cinema sessions !	Charmant studio situé dans le vingtième arrondissement, métro Jourdain. Très lumineux et calme, possède une terrasse et un balcon, idéal pour les beaux jours !  Quartier proche de l'hyper centre de Paris. Vrai esprit village, avec petits commerces, bons restos et bars animés.  Lovely studio, located in eastern Paris, metro station Jourdain. Really comfortable and quiet with one terrace and one balcony, ideal for sunny days ! Nice surroundings, with small shops, fine restaurants and lively bars. Spacious, bright and quiet 40 m2 studio (top floor).  Comfortable double bed on the mezzanine, sheets and pillows are provided. One third place can be available on the sofa bed.  Outside access on both side of the flat : one 10m2 terrace with dinner table and one 8m2 balcony.  Bathroom with bath (we provide you towels) and separated WC.  Fully furnished small kitchen : fridge, hob and oven. You will find as well a toaster, a blender, a coffee machine and a  Overhead projector + screen available,
20422		Bienvenu dans notre appartement où une charmante chambre de 17m2 vous y attend.  Nous y avons récemment accueilli des amis étrangers et souhaitons renouveler l'expérience. Situé près du cimetière du Père Lachaise il y a toutes les commodités. Metro : Line 2 / Alexandre Dumas Line 3 / Gambetta Line 9 / Maraicher Bus : 76, 64, 26 : Pyrénees-Bagnolet
20423	Un charmant deux pièces, au 1er étage d’un des derniers immeubles faubouriens de la capitale, comprenant :  - chambre séparée avec un lit double. - salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, WC et lave-linge. - coin repas et cuisine équipée : micro-onde, réfrigérateur/congélateur, hôte aspirante, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, cafetière, bouilloire et vaisselle. - un fer et une table à repasser. - linge de maison fourni : draps, serviettes et torchons. - télévision par câble et internet en WIFI. L'appartement est non fumeur. Les animaux ne sont pas autorisés. 	Un séjour inoubliable dans un quartier attachant de Paris,coeur historique de Paris et grands magasins à proximité. Des propriétaires à votre écoute et à proximité immédiate feront de votre séjour un moment privilégié.  Bienvenue à Paris ! Un charmant deux pièces, au 1er étage d’un des derniers immeubles faubouriens de la capitale, comprenant :  - chambre séparée avec un lit double. - salle de bain avec douche, lavabo, WC et lave-linge. - coin repas et cuisine équipée : micro-onde, réfrigérateur/congélateur, hôte aspirante, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, cafetière, bouilloire et vaisselle. - un fer et une table à repasser. - linge de maison fourni : draps, serviettes et torchons. - télévision par câble et internet en WIFI. L'appartement est non fumeur. Les animaux ne sont pas autorisés. Sur demande spécifique et selon nos possibilités nous pouvons venir vous chercher en voiture à l'aéroport afin de faciliter votre arrivée (55€) A votre arrivée, nous vous présenterons les lieux à visite
20424	S	S
20425	I rent my room during my professionnal travels. I share my flat of 40m² which has two rooms, in a beautiful old bulding typical of the 20th district of Paris. It's at the 5th floor, with a (little!) lift.  My room is 12m² and totally equipped : very comfortable bed, wardrobe, desk, wifi. There is also a charming fireplace.  The two rooms are entirely isolated, as there is kitchen and bathroom between the two.  The kitchen is functional : gas cooker, microwaves oven, washing machine and fridge. There are all conviniences at less than 1 minutes walk from the flat (supermarket, restaurants, bars with terrasse), and access to transport stations at 5 minutes : subway (line 9), tramway (line T3b), busses (26, 57, 64)	Room full comfort in an old charming flat, Paris 20è I rent my room during my professionnal travels. I share my flat of 40m² which has two rooms, in a beautiful old bulding typical of the 20th district of Paris. It's at the 5th floor, with a (little!) lift.  My room is 12m² and totally equipped : very comfortable bed, wardrobe, desk, wifi. There is also a charming fireplace.  The two rooms are entirely isolated, as there is kitchen and bathroom between the two.  The kitchen is functional : gas cooker, microwaves oven, washing machine and fridge. There are all conviniences at less than 1 minutes walk from the flat (supermarket, restaurants, bars with terrasse), and access to transport stations at 5 minutes : subway (line 9), tramway (line T3b), busses (26, 57, 64) You can entirely take possession of my room and all the common areas : kitchen and bathroom, that you have to share with my flatmate. I require that guests leave the room clean and change the sheets before they leave. Thanks f
20426	Hello We are two spanish roomers who live in Paris XX,we speak spanish french and english We are looking for anothr roomer for day/weak or month Our appartment is close the tube,linge 9, and .traiway Internet conexion by Wi-Fi  	Grande chambre, avec lit double,  À partager la salle de bains avec beignoire, toilette et cuisine.  La cuisine est la zone commune pour manger.  On est à côté du métro et du tram à 10 minutes du plein centre. Hello We are two spanish roomers who live in Paris XX,we speak spanish french and english We are looking for anothr roomer for day/weak or month Our appartment is close the tube,linge 9, and .traiway Internet conexion by Wi-Fi  Extralightness room, double bed, superconfortable bed.  All comodities.  Permission to use the kitchen.  Bathroom with bath! All transports 10 minutes from city center. Habitación doble, baño con bañera y vater separado. La zona común es la cocina, para comer. Estamos al lado del metro y el tranvía a diez minutos del pleno centro. English, español, portugues  
20427	IN THE HEART OF TYPICAL MENILMONTANT AREA, 50 meters from the lovely and quiet Maurice Chevalier place (see picture). Charming APPARTMENT OF 50SQ METERS. FREE HIGH SPEED WIFI. I rent the biggest bedroom with its small balcony FOR 1 TO 3 PERSONS. The apartment is very clear and sunny with his two balconys. The sun is directly coming in the apartment between 1pm to 8pm ! Secured main door entrance, access code. The apartment is composed of : 1 SUNNY LIVING ROOM with a small balcony (INTERNET ACCESS Wifi, HIFI.) 2 BEDROOMS : I stay in the smallest and rent the other with 1 BED 140X200 for 2 people and I can put an additionnal mattress on the floor for one more person or children. 1 KITCHEN FULLY EQUIPPED : oven, fridge, microwave, washing machine, coffee machine, rice cooker ...  1 BATHROOM WITH A SHOWER, SEPARATED TOILETS, air-dryer, iron, sheets included.  In the erea : Tons of great bars, restaurants and shops nearby.  Around the corner, you will find lots of markets, one nice organic 	A nice bedroom with a small balcony in a lovely apartment very clear and in an interesting and lively neighborhood.    IN THE HEART OF TYPICAL MENILMONTANT AREA, 50 meters from the lovely and quiet Maurice Chevalier place (see picture). Charming APPARTMENT OF 50SQ METERS. FREE HIGH SPEED WIFI. I rent the biggest bedroom with its small balcony FOR 1 TO 3 PERSONS. The apartment is very clear and sunny with his two balconys. The sun is directly coming in the apartment between 1pm to 8pm ! Secured main door entrance, access code. The apartment is composed of : 1 SUNNY LIVING ROOM with a small balcony (INTERNET ACCESS Wifi, HIFI.) 2 BEDROOMS : I stay in the smallest and rent the other with 1 BED 140X200 for 2 people and I can put an additionnal mattress on the floor for one more person or children. 1 KITCHEN FULLY EQUIPPED : oven, fridge, microwave, washing machine, coffee machine, rice cooker ...  1 BATHROOM WITH A SHOWER, SEPARATED TOILETS, air-dryer, iron, sheets included.  In the erea :
20428	"This is the room number 2 of 3 rooms in an big house with garden inside Paris.  If it's not available you can see the room number 1 (95981) or 3 (96208). Your cute bedroom:  single bed with linen, coat hanger, closet, shutters can be closed from the inside The house was Built in 1920 in the heart of a charming area called ""La campagne à Paris"" is surrounded by a lovely garden. 180 m2, 3 floors, 4 bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + bathroom + Shared dining room/living room  + 2 separate toilets + a great dining table (Saarinen) with 6 chairs, a low table. You will share the main bathroom with two other guests (I have mine in my own room). You can enjoy the large living room day and night, in winter you'll be cosy sitting by the fireplace.  The garden, very green in summer, is a very pleasant spot to sunbathe,  take a nap or cook on the charcoal barbecue. Of course, the Kitchen is fully equipped : gas stove, large fridge, dishwasher, microwave, to cook your meals anytime. You can als"	"A cute room in a typical Parisian House with lovely garden in Paris.  This is the room number 2 of 3 rooms in an big house with garden inside Paris.  If it's not available you can see the room number 1 (95981) or 3 (96208). Your cute bedroom:  single bed with linen, coat hanger, closet, shutters can be closed from the inside The house was Built in 1920 in the heart of a charming area called ""La campagne à Paris"" is surrounded by a lovely garden. 180 m2, 3 floors, 4 bedrooms (including yours) + kitchen + bathroom + Shared dining room/living room  + 2 separate toilets + a great dining table (Saarinen) with 6 chairs, a low table. You will share the main bathroom with two other guests (I have mine in my own room). You can enjoy the large living room day and night, in winter you'll be cosy sitting by the fireplace.  The garden, very green in summer, is a very pleasant spot to sunbathe,  take a nap or cook on the charcoal barbecue. Of course, the Kitchen is fully equipped : gas stove, large "
20429		Chambre dans un appartement parisien avec charme de l'ancien. Quartier sympa et vivant proche du centre ville (Marais 15 min. à pieds). Chambre lumineuse avec une belle vue, salle de bain avec baignoire et cuisine separée à votre disposition.
20430	Haussmanian style so big wall, wood flor and golden mirors.	Hi, I take 2 weeks of holidays this summer. My bedroom is about 25m2 in a 75m2 flat (2 other bedrooms). We are front of the pere lachaise cemetery so the view is cool and access too (metro line 2 and 3). Feel free to contact me Max Haussmanian style so big wall, wood flor and golden mirors. I will give you the keys. You will be alone for one week, maybe my roomate will be there last week of August but don't worry he has his own room !!! near Oberkampf :-) Metro line 2 and 3. Front of the pere lachaise cemetery
20431	Lovely, simple, bright apartment for 4 guests max.	50sqm, wood floor. One bedroom is looking on an internal courtyard, peaceful, queen size bed. The other one, street side, with a balcony and a fireplace (not used), queen size bed on the wood floor. Well furnished with simplicity and taste. Lovely, simple, bright apartment for 4 guests max. During your stay, my home is yours ... Please do not hesitate to question me ... Close to the Père-Lachaise cemetery, at the heart of a popular district with typical markets and alive streets Well connected to métro (subway), bus and tramway lines My appart can be rented for 1 to 4 people ... We can share or you can have it for you only ...
20432	"I share my apartment with a roommate who has her own room. I propose to let you my room to have more intimacy.  Our apartment is spatious (70m2) and comfortable. You can cook in a quiet big kitchen and you can eat on the balcony when it's sunny ! No tv but a free wifi. We are located just near the very nice park of Belleville. You can get a beautiful view of Paris, less touristic than in Montmartre and much more ""genuine"". The nearest subways - 5mn by feet- are Pyrénées or Jourdain (ligne 11). In 10 minutes you can reach Châtelet for instance. Belleville station is at 10mn by feet (ligne 2). If you like cosmopolitan, popular and living districts, nice bars, unusual places, asian food you will be for sure charmed by the spirit of Belleville/Ménilmontant. Being myself a traveller, I would be pleased to welcome you and to give you some advices to spend a good time in Paris."	"I share my apartment with a roommate who has her own room. I propose to let you my room to have more intimacy.  Our apartment is spatious (70m2) and comfortable. You can cook in a quiet big kitchen and you can eat on the balcony when it's sunny ! No tv but a free wifi. We are located just near the very nice park of Belleville. You can get a beautiful view of Paris, less touristic than in Montmartre and much more ""genuine"". The nearest subways - 5mn by feet- are Pyrénées or Jourdain (ligne 11). In 10 minutes you can reach Châtelet for instance. Belleville station is at 10mn by feet (ligne 2). If you like cosmopolitan, popular and living districts, nice bars, unusual places, asian food you will be for sure charmed by the spirit of Belleville/Ménilmontant. Being myself a traveller, I would be pleased to welcome you and to give you some advices to spend a good time in Paris."
20433		Dans un quartier très populaire de Paris et très bien desservie en transport avec beaucoup de commerce ouvert le dimanche et tard le soir. L'appartement donne sur un marché typiquement parisien, avec jardin et près du Père Lachaise.
20434	small area but spacious with storage, all equipped with a good natural light for urban housing. A ventilator is a available for the strong warm in summer. Secure with 2 digicodes	"Ideally located for a few min. by metro from the historic center of Paris, this studio is functional, bright, all equipped to 5 m from the metro station Maraîcher on line 9 which will contribuated to the success of your stay. small area but spacious with storage, all equipped with a good natural light for urban housing. A ventilator is a available for the strong warm in summer. Secure with 2 digicodes entire housing including bathroom and kitchen  equipped with wifi, guides of Paris, towels, gloves, sheets, soap, shampoo provided  exchange of tips: restaurants and visits to priority I am frequently present during the holidays at home and exit neighborhood artists, market ""Place de la Réunion"" and ""Philippe Auguste"" Metro Line 9 stop ""Maraîcher"" or tram T3bis stop Marie de Miribel I'm listening to passengers and occupants to find solutions if needed"
20435		Deux chambres à louer avec une vue directe sur Paris les lumières de Tour Eiffel tape sur la fenêtre  Tout le confort réuni pour passer des moments calmes avec le commerce à côté.
20436	A 30 sq meters garden perfect to rest in a deckchair. A campaign like feeling in a nice living area with all local shops and convenient stores at the doorstep.	Nice and cosy apartment with garden. Rare in Paris! Located in a village like area with quick and direct access to city centre hot spots (Chatelet /Hôtel de ville /République). Subway line 11 at 2mn walk. Welcome to city paradise ! Full access to the private garden and the whole appartment. You can count on us for any needs during your stay in our lovely place. Perfect place to stay. Quick access to the center (10minutes by metro). Peaceful and village-like neighborhood. Typical area of Paris where you can feel the real life of parisian people. 2 minutes from the subway  ( Pyrénées station). Direct line bus (26) to the train that'll bring you to  CDG airport. City bikes' station (Velib) just in front of the house.
20437	Appartement de 2 pièces avec tout confort, avec vue sur jardin. Il est composé d'une chambre, un grand salon avec écran plat, table, chaises, grand vaisselier, une cuisine équippée séparée, une salle de bain, accès internet illimité, tous commerces en bas de l'immeuble. Ligne de métro 11 et Tramway à 3 minutes à pied, et à 15 minutes à pied de la trés vivante place Gambetta.	Appartement 2ème étage d'un immeuble avec ascenseurs, refait à neuf, trés cosy au calme sur cour arborée. Equipé d'1 cuisine , 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 salon de 20m2 avec écran plat, ainsi qu'1 chambre séparée avec placard Appartement de 2 pièces avec tout confort, avec vue sur jardin. Il est composé d'une chambre, un grand salon avec écran plat, table, chaises, grand vaisselier, une cuisine équippée séparée, une salle de bain, accès internet illimité, tous commerces en bas de l'immeuble. Ligne de métro 11 et Tramway à 3 minutes à pied, et à 15 minutes à pied de la trés vivante place Gambetta. Logement entier pour une durée minimum de 2 semaines Je serai disponible 24h/24 si nécessaire. Tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble (boulanger, boucher, supermarché, coiffeur, restaurants...) Métro 11, Tram 3B, Ligne de bus 61 et 96 à 3 minutes à pied. Le logement comporte tout le nécessaire (serviettes de toilettes, draps). Ne venez qu'avec vos vêtements!
20438		Appartement avec vue, clair et très ensoleillé, dernier étage avec ascenseur,  tout en parquet ,dans un quartier commerçant plein de bonnes adresses, à quelques pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont, comprenant 2 chambres, 1 séjour, cuisine équipée, 70 m 2 Je suis disponible pour toute precision nécessaire durant votre sejour sur mon portable. quartier très sympathique, commerces de proximité, restos et bistrots typiques avec un excellent rapport qualité/prix (nous vous laissons les adresses...) métro et taxi au bas de l'immeuble L'appartement est non fumeur et meme si j'adore les animaux, ils ne sont malheureusement pas acceptés. ..
20439	Nous avons choisi d'habiter dans ce quartier car nous aimons particulièrement l'atmosphère et l'esprit qui y règne! L'appartement est situé dans le XXème arrondissement, au pied du métro Gambetta, du Père-Lachaise (qui accueille les tombes de Piaf, Modigliani, Oscar Wilde, Jim Morisson...et beaucoup d'autres artistes français et étrangers), à 3 pas de Ménilmontant et 5 de Belleville (qui sont des quartiers populaires, bohèmes, des lieux de vies artistiques et culturelles) et une dizaine de minute de Nation et de Charonne. C'est un excellent point de chute pour découvrir à la fois le Paris authentique et le Paris plus touristique.  La  chambre est spacieuse. La salle de bain a une baignoire, pour pouvoir se prélasser après une journée de boulot ou de marche intensive dans les rues de Paris. Et il y a même une machine à laver. Les toilettes sont séparés. La cuisine est équipée.	Belle Chambre de 12m2 douillet et accueillante située en plein coeur du quartier Gambetta dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Placement idéal : Au pied du métro, entouré de commerces & Père Lachaise Nous avons choisi d'habiter dans ce quartier car nous aimons particulièrement l'atmosphère et l'esprit qui y règne! L'appartement est situé dans le XXème arrondissement, au pied du métro Gambetta, du Père-Lachaise (qui accueille les tombes de Piaf, Modigliani, Oscar Wilde, Jim Morisson...et beaucoup d'autres artistes français et étrangers), à 3 pas de Ménilmontant et 5 de Belleville (qui sont des quartiers populaires, bohèmes, des lieux de vies artistiques et culturelles) et une dizaine de minute de Nation et de Charonne. C'est un excellent point de chute pour découvrir à la fois le Paris authentique et le Paris plus touristique.  La  chambre est spacieuse. La salle de bain a une baignoire, pour pouvoir se prélasser après une journée de boulot ou de marche intensive dans les rues de Pari
20440	The studio is located on the 5th floor overlooking the garden. If you come by car, you will have no problem to park it, because i have a parking space in a secured underground garage (digipass).  The building has an elevator, which is very convenient for disabled people, for strollers if you have babies, and for all those who have tired to walk after a day exploring Paris ;) It is very close to the Père Lachaise where you could say hello to Jim Morrisson, Edith Piaf :) and close to the metro Alexandre Dumas (2 minutes walk) and right next to a Monoprix (supermarket) open until 10 PM. Freshly painted studio. All the furnitures are news. Only the ground (linoleum) is a little old (some markings) but everything else is in good conditions :)	I rent my studio located next to Père Lachaise (Alexandre Dumas station). 27m2, luminous, sleep for 2 (BZ), a small kitchen with microwave and nespresso machine, bathroom with toilet, Internet access, view on green space, underground secured parking, elevator. There is a Monoprix (supermaket) at the ground flour of the building, opened until 10:PM :) The studio is located on the 5th floor overlooking the garden. If you come by car, you will have no problem to park it, because i have a parking space in a secured underground garage (digipass).  The building has an elevator, which is very convenient for disabled people, for strollers if you have babies, and for all those who have tired to walk after a day exploring Paris ;) It is very close to the Père Lachaise where you could say hello to Jim Morrisson, Edith Piaf :) and close to the metro Alexandre Dumas (2 minutes walk) and right next to a Monoprix (supermarket) open until 10 PM. Freshly painted studio. All the furnitures are news. Onl
20441	Ce logement, rénové par un architecte se vit comme une maison, en plein coeur de Belleville. Les voyageurs auront accès à une chambre downstairs équipée d'un lit double, possibilité d'un troisième lit ou lit enfant, la chambre fait 22 m2. A côté de la chambre les voyageurs auront une salle de bain privée avec grande baignoire, douche, lavabo et toilettes. Le quartier est vivant, coloré, avec de nombreux bars branchés et de jolis restaurants. La résidence de l'immeuble dispose d'un parc arboré et privé. La proximité du parc de Belleville à deux pas, permet de s'échapper dans la verdure et de profiter de la vue sur tout Paris. Au pied du métro Couronnes ligne 2 et du bus 96 qui emmène à Saint Germain des Prés. Le métro Belleville est à 5 minutes à pied sur la ligne 11 qui mène à Chatelet en 10 minutes. Les voyageurs auront essentiellement accès au niveau bas de l'appartement qui leur sera réservé. Nous aimons faire partager notre connaissance de la ville et du quartier et seront ravis de	Notre espace de vie, un loft d'artiste vous charmera par sa lumière, son espace, donnant sur un jardin. L'appartement, très calme, se déploi sur deux niveaux, les espaces sont amples et ouverts, la chambre à louer est en bas. Ce logement, rénové par un architecte se vit comme une maison, en plein coeur de Belleville. Les voyageurs auront accès à une chambre downstairs équipée d'un lit double, possibilité d'un troisième lit ou lit enfant, la chambre fait 22 m2. A côté de la chambre les voyageurs auront une salle de bain privée avec grande baignoire, douche, lavabo et toilettes. Le quartier est vivant, coloré, avec de nombreux bars branchés et de jolis restaurants. La résidence de l'immeuble dispose d'un parc arboré et privé. La proximité du parc de Belleville à deux pas, permet de s'échapper dans la verdure et de profiter de la vue sur tout Paris. Au pied du métro Couronnes ligne 2 et du bus 96 qui emmène à Saint Germain des Prés. Le métro Belleville est à 5 minutes à pied sur la ligne 
20442		Chambre lumineuse avec tout confort dans un grand appartement 5 pieces. Avec un grand placard. Metro Porte de Bagnolet Ligne 3. One roomin a big flat (5 rooms) in Paris. Everthing you need. Very friendly owners. Lot a space for luggages or clothes
20443	Cet appartement de 42m2 se situe dans le 20ème arrondissement, au cœur du quartier Jourdain, à 10 minutes à pied de Belleville et des Buttes-Chaumont. Il se trouve au rez de chaussée, côté cour, d'un immeuble ancien très calme.  Je mets à disposition le salon, qui comprend 1 canapé-lit, 1 grande table, 1 TV, lecteur DVD/CD et qui est complètement indépendant. Vous aurez accès aux parties communes: • cuisine séparée équipée de cuisinière à gaz, frigo, four, mixeur, machine à laver. • salle de bain avec douche/baignoire, serviettes fournies. WC séparés.	Pièce séparée dans charmant 2 pièces, au cœur du quartier Jourdain, proche du métro, à 10min à pied des Buttes Chaumont et du quartier Belleville. Cet appartement de 42m2 se situe dans le 20ème arrondissement, au cœur du quartier Jourdain, à 10 minutes à pied de Belleville et des Buttes-Chaumont. Il se trouve au rez de chaussée, côté cour, d'un immeuble ancien très calme.  Je mets à disposition le salon, qui comprend 1 canapé-lit, 1 grande table, 1 TV, lecteur DVD/CD et qui est complètement indépendant. Vous aurez accès aux parties communes: • cuisine séparée équipée de cuisinière à gaz, frigo, four, mixeur, machine à laver. • salle de bain avec douche/baignoire, serviettes fournies. WC séparés. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble des équipements communs. Vous pourrez utiliser café, thé, huile...  Accès internet Wi-Fi. Un jeu de clés vous sera donné. Je serai sur place et donc disponible pour vous communiquer les bonnes adresses et les balades à faire dans le quartier ou dans Paris. J'aime b
20444	The apartment is located in a building which is on Rue des Pyrénées. Just 5 min. walking distance to Belleville and Menilmontant which are the most creative and inspiring neighborhoods of Paris. It is also 20 m walking distance to Canal St. Martin.  	Hello! My nice bedroom is for rent! If you want to stay in the coolest neighbourhood in Paris, you are welcome! Just to remind, it is 5 min walking distance from Parc de Belleville and Menilmontant.  The apartment is located in a building which is on Rue des Pyrénées. Just 5 min. walking distance to Belleville and Menilmontant which are the most creative and inspiring neighborhoods of Paris. It is also 20 m walking distance to Canal St. Martin.  All the amenities available 15 min to Chatelet by metro and 10 min to Republique. It is very close to Parc de Belleville and it is only 10 min away from Buttes Chaumont. Ligne 11 is 5 min away from the apartment and there is a bus stop (26) just in front of the apartment. I prefer to rent the room at least for one week. People who are looking for one or two days, I am  sorry but I can not accept these requests at the moment.
20445	Entre la Place de la Nation et le Père Lachaise. Je propose une chambre privative. La chambre donne sur la cours, elle est très calme, équipée d'un lit simple de 200 cm de longueur sur 120 cm de large.  L'appartement est également composé d'un salon avec une cuisine américaine, une salle de bain avec baignoire et de toilettes séparées ainsi que deux autres chambres. L'immeuble est très récent.Le quartier est bien desservi, métro Buzenval, Maraichers et Alexandre Dumas ainsi que par plusieurs lignes de bus pour se rendre partout dans (website hidden) y a également de nombreux commerces, cafés et restaurants.Serviettes de bain à disposition et petit déjeuner offert. Accès gratuit à internet et wifi.  	Entre la Place de la Nation et le Père Lachaise. Je propose une chambre privative. La chambre donne sur la cours, elle est très calme, équipée d'un lit simple de 200 cm de longueur sur 120 cm de large.  L'appartement est également composé d'un salon avec une cuisine américaine, une salle de bain avec baignoire et de toilettes séparées ainsi que deux autres chambres. L'immeuble est très récent.Le quartier est bien desservi, métro Buzenval, Maraichers et Alexandre Dumas ainsi que par plusieurs lignes de bus pour se rendre partout dans (website hidden) y a également de nombreux commerces, cafés et restaurants.Serviettes de bain à disposition et petit déjeuner offert. Accès gratuit à internet et wifi.  
20446	Located at Pelleport Street near metro stations Pelleport (2 minutes  by foot), Gambetta (8 minutes) and Telegraphe (8 minutes), the flat is spacious enough to host you on a very comfortable sofa. You have access to a variety of facilities including the kitchen (micro-wave, oven, frige, electric plates, cafe machine, etc.) and the shower room (washing machine). A supermarket is right down the flat building and three others are within 5 minutes by foot. As for your roommate, I'm a quiet person and about to finish my studies in a business school in Paris. Airbnb is another way for me to know interesting new people. Don't hesitate to contact me for further information. I hope you will enjoy the stay at my place and make yourself at home!	Easily accessible via 3 metro stations nearby, the cozy flat is located in the dynamic quarter of Gambetta. A supermarket is right down the flat building and 3 others are within 5 minutes by foot. You will be hosted on a very comfortable couch! Located at Pelleport Street near metro stations Pelleport (2 minutes  by foot), Gambetta (8 minutes) and Telegraphe (8 minutes), the flat is spacious enough to host you on a very comfortable sofa. You have access to a variety of facilities including the kitchen (micro-wave, oven, frige, electric plates, cafe machine, etc.) and the shower room (washing machine). A supermarket is right down the flat building and three others are within 5 minutes by foot. As for your roommate, I'm a quiet person and about to finish my studies in a business school in Paris. Airbnb is another way for me to know interesting new people. Don't hesitate to contact me for further information. I hope you will enjoy the stay at my place and make yourself at home! The quarte
20447		I share an appartment 2 mins far from metro line 2,near supermarkets. wifi,tv,washing machine included. My room is linked to the room i lend.
20448	South oriented, no other buildings are in front of you, open the windows and enjoy the sun and the silence. Parquet floor and all commodities. The couch is a (really) comfortable couch big enough for two persons. The bedroom is available, ask the prices. 	"       Near ""la campagne a paris"" and its little old village inside Paris, near Gambetta place, you will enjoy a full flat 5th floor, oriented south with luminous and sunny living room and no noise but the birds in the trees.  South oriented, no other buildings are in front of you, open the windows and enjoy the sun and the silence. Parquet floor and all commodities. The couch is a (really) comfortable couch big enough for two persons. The bedroom is available, ask the prices.  You can access Kitchen and bathroom of course. All equipped, towels can be provided. I will give you the key when you arrive and will be available for any touristic advice if necessary. If i'm here, I'll be quite in my room and working during the day. If you require advice, i'll be glad to discuss the places to no miss. Do not miss La Campagne à Paris, 50 meters away from the flat, an old little block of 19th century houses, little gardens, then go for a bucolic walk in the Père Lachaise The flat will not be ent"
20449	Super deal for our first guests ! We offer a 50 euros pernight for the 5 first welcomed people to stay in our apt. So happy to be part of airbnb community Inside Paris, but 10mn walking from Vincennes incredible park, our studio was the one of our daugter. In a super safe area,iIt is fully equipped . We are at 7th floor, where it is possible to see Eifflel Tower, from a tiny balcony. The building is modern, and has an elevator.  When entering the apt, you discover the open  space and large windows. An open kitchen fully equipped, a bar where to seat, a real bed seperated from the space by a designed curtain. A seperate bathroom, seperate toilets. Fresh linen, fruit juice, fresh bread are there for you to feel at home. bakery, supermarket, bank, pharmacy,  at 200 meters, Le Printemps department store at 300 m.  Subway Nation (line 1, 2, 6 and 9) plus line A for speed train. You can go everywhere so easely :) We are preparing a guide book for you to know our best secret addresses for res	Super deal for our first guests ! We offer a 50 euros pernight for the 5 first welcomed people to stay in our apt. So happy to be part of airbnb community Inside Paris, but 10mn walking from Vincennes incredible park, our studio was the one of our daugter. In a super safe area,iIt is fully equipped . We are at 7th floor, where it is possible to see Eifflel Tower, from a tiny balcony. The building is modern, and has an elevator.  When entering the apt, you discover the open  space and large windows. An open kitchen fully equipped, a bar where to seat, a real bed seperated from the space by a designed curtain. A seperate bathroom, seperate toilets. Fresh linen, fruit juice, fresh bread are there for you to feel at home. bakery, supermarket, bank, pharmacy,  at 200 meters, Le Printemps department store at 300 m.  Subway Nation (line 1, 2, 6 and 9) plus line A for speed train. You can go everywhere so easely :) We are preparing a guide book for you to know our best secret addresses for res
20450		Chambre indépendante de 9m2 avec salle de bains +WC. Canapé lit 2 places. Bouilloiremais pas de cuisine. Linge de maison fournis. Totale indépendance. A 7 min à pied du Père Lachaise et de Nation M Buzenval (L9) et M Alexandre Dumas (L2) 
20451		jolie chambre calme et lumineuse pour 1 ou 2 personnes, pièces communes à disposition. 3ème étage. linge de maison fourni + wifi. Proche métro, tous commerces.
20452	approx. 13m2 bedroom with futon bed, dresser, desk and chair.  Luminous and quiet on the 6th floor with elevator. Free wifi.  Access to fully equipped kitchen, salle de bain with large bath tub, washing machine.  Very close to public transport.  In very parisian neighborhood near Place Gambetta and Pere Lachaise. 	approx. 13m2 bedroom with futon bed, dresser, desk and chair.  Luminous and quiet on the 6th floor with elevator. Free wifi.  Access to fully equipped kitchen, salle de bain with large bath tub, washing machine.  Very close to public transport.  In very parisian neighborhood near Place Gambetta and Pere Lachaise. 
20453	The room is an extra part of a house, with a common garden, very quite for a short trip to paris. 	Quite room (15m2), part of a house, beautiful garden.  The room is an extra part of a house, with a common garden, very quite for a short trip to paris.  The guest will have the acces of: wifi, the washing and drying machine, at his privât shower and toilet. Also, the garden, and the kitchen situated in the house, just in front of it.  The house and are hosting also aibnb guests( 3 person max), for short therm, so it is always a nice and relaxing ambiance.  Pere Lachaise just in the neighborhood. A lot of bars and restaurants are in the my neigberhood, the beautiful Parc de Buttes Chaumont is not very far.  This apartment is located at 10 minutes by metro from Republique, close to Pere Lachaise and Bastille. (Metro -Line 3)
20454		Quartier historique avec grands magasins  Marchés le mercredi et samedi matin beaucoup de commerces le cours de Vincennes avec sa largeur de 83 m2 est la 2 ème avenue la plus large de Paris- Salle-de-Bains - Cuisine Metro ligne 1-2-6 et 9 RER A BUS (phone number hidden) TRAM T2 et T3
20455	Nice apartment : 1 living room, 1 double Bedroom, with a little bathroom and kitchen.	Very nice 1 bedroom apartment in Paris.  It's close to Ménilmontant, Buttes Chaumont, next to the Pére Lachaise.  1 entrance, 1 living room, 1 double bedroom, a small kitchen (without dishwasher ), small shower bathroom.  Nice apartment : 1 living room, 1 double Bedroom, with a little bathroom and kitchen. Nice restaurant and concert hall in th area: maroquienrie, bellevilloise, au perchoir... 10 min to république.  the apartment is in the center of the bobo spirit area of Paris. Close to the  famous Pere Lachaise  cimentery, bastille, buttes chaumont, canal saint martin...
20456		1 chambre calme exposée Sud et fenêtre sur cour, dans appartement de 80m2, 6eme étage avec ascenseur, lumineux, belle vue sur Paris. Grande cuisine collective, salle de bain avec baignoire, et salon spacieux. Quartier agréable, métro à 5mn !  2 colocataires très sympas, discrets, travaillant dans la musique, et toujours souriants. Beaucoup de petits commerces dans le quartier, des bars et restaurants accueillants où l'on boit et mange bien pour pas cher, (j'ai quelques adresses secrètes à votre disposition !) . Un parc à côté, la petite ceinture (ancienne voie ferrée de Paris, incontournable)...  Proximité des transports, ligne 9 à 5mn à pied à peine, et réseaux bus importants si vous voulez profiter du paysage urbain.
20457	The appartement has 2 rooms and a large living room, on the 5th floor. Quiet and sunny, clean and modern.	"Large flat (2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet), quiet and sunny, on the fifth floor. I live in one bedroom, rent the second one. South of the 20th arrondissement, around the place of ""La Nation"". A small quiet street, with a bar perfect to chill out during the afternoon. 100 meters to the shopping street, with supermarkets and everything needed. There are some nice bars around, but it is not a party district, even if Belleville and Menilmontant are nearby, 10-15 minutes away with the subway (line 2). 2 minutes by walk from Buzenval (line 9), 5 minutes from Avron (Line 2) and 7 minutes to Nation (RER A, subway lines 1, 2, 6, 9)."
20458		Chambre lumineuse et calme, métro Nation. Transports directs et rapides vers tous les quartiers de Paris. J'habite dans cet appartement de 80 m². Mes filles étudiantes sont là de temps en temps, ainsi que mon compagnon. Tout confort, Wifi, cuisine.
20459	At the heart of the village of Belleville, Paris XX, 3 minutes walk from the metro Jourdain. Charming apartment entirely renovated, located in a small street in the 2nd and last floor of a beautiful house artist 1900. Area : 60 m2 Access garden Bright and very quiet Accommodation capacity: 2 to 4 people, ideal for a couple or a family. 1 bedroom: double bed 180 x 200 cm 1 living room: sofa bed 140 x 190 cm (great bed) 1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, induction hob, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer function) 1 bathroom with shower and toilet stool 1 parking in the house is available on demand : 15€ / night Flat screen TV, DVD player, internet access (broadband), iron, hair dryer, vacuum cleaner, coffee machine, toaster, kettle. Sheets, towels and linens are also available to enhance your stay. Nearby Parks Buttes-Chaumont and Belleville, shops, restaurants, grocers and two markets (Tuesday, Friday, Sunday). transport: • Metro Line 11 Jourdain: 15 min châtelet • B	"Charming apartment located in the second and last floor of an artist's house in the heart of the ""village"" Jourdain. You will discover the charm of the district, shops, markets, parks ... while being 15 minutes from the City Hall. At the heart of the village of Belleville, Paris XX, 3 minutes walk from the metro Jourdain. Charming apartment entirely renovated, located in a small street in the 2nd and last floor of a beautiful house artist 1900. Area : 60 m2 Access garden Bright and very quiet Accommodation capacity: 2 to 4 people, ideal for a couple or a family. 1 bedroom: double bed 180 x 200 cm 1 living room: sofa bed 140 x 190 cm (great bed) 1 fully equipped kitchen (oven, microwave, induction hob, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer function) 1 bathroom with shower and toilet stool 1 parking in the house is available on demand : 15€ / night Flat screen TV, DVD player, internet access (broadband), iron, hair dryer, vacuum cleaner, coffee machine, toaster, kettle. Sheets, "
20460	"This 2-room, kitchen, bathroom, toilet 42 sq m colorful apartment with Wi-fi is situated right in place of former Belleville town hall from 19th century. You will find the most interesting Parisian spots close enough :  5 steps to metro 5 minutes to park Buttes Chaumont 12 minutes to Centre Pompidou 18 minutes to Notre Dame 25 minutes to Louvre 25 minutes to Montmartre Our apartment is conveniently situated in the heart of Jourdain neighborhood. It is a clean and neat place ideal for couples or small group of friends.  HOW BIG IS THE FLAT INSIDE?  Where often on AirBNB ""cosy Paris apartment"" means very very small, this place is big enough and really comfortable. Here cosy means you have enough room to relax and enjoy your privacy and have a good sleep after exploring Paris.  Both kitchen and bathroom are spacious and well equipped.  Your bedroom and living room looks into the pretty green courtyard. Both rooms have wooden floors, vintage furniture and pleasant seating and lighting. "	"Hi, Welcome to a truly Parisian address! This pretty apartment is on the doorstep of metro line 11. Favourite neighbourhood for many Parisians who want quiet living not far from nightlife spots like Belleville and Oberkampf. Downtown 15 min. This 2-room, kitchen, bathroom, toilet 42 sq m colorful apartment with Wi-fi is situated right in place of former Belleville town hall from 19th century. You will find the most interesting Parisian spots close enough :  5 steps to metro 5 minutes to park Buttes Chaumont 12 minutes to Centre Pompidou 18 minutes to Notre Dame 25 minutes to Louvre 25 minutes to Montmartre Our apartment is conveniently situated in the heart of Jourdain neighborhood. It is a clean and neat place ideal for couples or small group of friends.  HOW BIG IS THE FLAT INSIDE?  Where often on AirBNB ""cosy Paris apartment"" means very very small, this place is big enough and really comfortable. Here cosy means you have enough room to relax and enjoy your privacy and have a good sl"
20461	Bright studio apartment completely redone 1 year ago located on the ground floor overlooking driveway privatized. Kitchen: stove, fridge, microwave.  Wireless broadband Internet. Gambetta area is very quiet. Subway Line 3 and 3a - Bus 60 and 61 (direct from Gare de Lyon). Supermarket, Bakery, Laundry less than 2 minutes away. Do not hesitate to contact me. IN JULY, MINIMUM STAY OF 4 NIGHTS! THANKS	Bright studio apartment completely redone 1 year ago located on the ground floor overlooking driveway privatized. Kitchen: stove, fridge, microwave.  Wireless broadband Internet. Gambetta area is very quiet. Subway Line 3 and 3a - Bus 60 and 61 (direct from Gare de Lyon). Supermarket, Bakery, Laundry less than 2 minutes away. Do not hesitate to contact me. IN JULY, MINIMUM STAY OF 4 NIGHTS! THANKS Très calme, peu touristique. Bus, Métro
20462		Jolie chambre avec balcon et cheminée, dans 1 coloc de 2 filles. SDB avec baignoire et cuisine équipée à dispo.Très calme,bien situé (à deux pas du Père Lachaise et Buttes Chaumont), proche du centre:République,Bastille, Opéra.Nombreux commerces.   
20463	Double bedroom for rent in a shared flat just by the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery in Ménilmontant neighbourhood. **** We have sometimes TWO ROOMS available so don't hesitate to send us a message eventhough the calendar says we are full ! **** We are Julia, Louis et Louise 27 year old young workers and we have a room for rent in our flat. The room is 16 sq meters large, with a double bed, a couch, a table/desk with chairs and a big cupboard. It is part of a 3 room flat in which you will share the kitchen (fuly equiped) and the bathroom (with bathtub) with us.  Internet and washing machine are available for free. Bed linen and towels can be provided. Free calls towards America and most of European countries ! We are at Gambetta metro stop, a very well located neighbourhood by the Père Lachaise cemetery, a few minutes walk from Belleville, Ménilmontant, and close to lots of good bars (Oberkampf neighbourhood particularly). Cafés, boulangerie, supermarkets, etc... are just by the street. 	Double bedroom for rent in a shared flat just by the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery in Ménilmontant neighbourhood. Cafes, bakeries, supermarkets, etc., are nearby! Double bedroom for rent in a shared flat just by the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery in Ménilmontant neighbourhood. **** We have sometimes TWO ROOMS available so don't hesitate to send us a message eventhough the calendar says we are full ! **** We are Julia, Louis et Louise 27 year old young workers and we have a room for rent in our flat. The room is 16 sq meters large, with a double bed, a couch, a table/desk with chairs and a big cupboard. It is part of a 3 room flat in which you will share the kitchen (fuly equiped) and the bathroom (with bathtub) with us.  Internet and washing machine are available for free. Bed linen and towels can be provided. Free calls towards America and most of European countries ! We are at Gambetta metro stop, a very well located neighbourhood by the Père Lachaise cemetery, a few minutes walk from
20464	Two-bedroom  apartment located in a typical Parisian Haussmann old building. Beautiful wood floors, large living room and kitchen open plan to the living room by a bar. Bathroom (of course bathroom !) with toilet, bath and shower.	Large room with double bed, perfect for travellers or couples wishing a nice place to visit Paris. Town center is 10 minutes by metro, bus and tram, flat is in a typically Parisian area well served by transports and close to many points of interest. Two-bedroom  apartment located in a typical Parisian Haussmann old building. Beautiful wood floors, large living room and kitchen open plan to the living room by a bar. Bathroom (of course bathroom !) with toilet, bath and shower. Bathroom with toilet and bath, cable TV, free wireless internet (fiber), refrigerator, kitchen with induction hob. Living room will of course be at your disposal even if you only renting the bedroom. You will also be able to cook and use the dishes if you want. I'd love to help you with all the good places to visit in the neighborhood or in Paris, the parisians secrets, good adresses and the means of transport nearby. So if you have questions about: Shopping / Viewpoints / Museum - Exhibitions / Bars - Restaurants
20465		"In the district of ""campaign in Paris"" with its very typical private houses with gardens, the apartment consists of living room, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, a kitchen. In a quiet street , the living room overlooks the private gardens of this district."
20466		Jolie chambre (possibilité d'accueillir 2 personnes) dans un appart typique parisien de 40m2 dans le 20 arr. au coeur de Paris disposant de 2 chambres.C'est un petit appart agréable et chaleureux dans un quartier très vivant (Père lachaise!) Très central, à deux pas du très célèbre cimetière du Père Lachaise, 10min à pied de la place de la Bastille ainsi que à 5min de la place de la Nation.  Métro : Ligne 2 Alexandre Dumas ou à 5min à pied metro 9 Charonne Quartier très vivant et typiquement parisien, avec le café du coin, grand marché de fruits, légumes et bien d'autres merveilles deux fois par semaine (Mercredi & Samedi), multiples restaurants...  Bus 76 en bas du l'immeuble (bastille, ledru rollin, saint paul, le louvre, rue de rivoli,...) Métro : ligne 2 à 2min à pied ligne 9 à 5min à pied 
20467	L'appartement est situé en hauteur par rapport au centre de Paris d'où une belle vue sur la capitale et la Tour Eiffel depuis la terrasse.	Trois-pièces  80 m2 immeuble 1980, avec belle terrasse de 12m ensoleillé plein sud, 5ème avec ascenseur, accueillant et calme belle vue sur Paris 4 personnes maximum ,  à 2 pas de tous  commerces et transports urbains, métro, vélib et bus. L'appartement est situé en hauteur par rapport au centre de Paris d'où une belle vue sur la capitale et la Tour Eiffel depuis la terrasse. Bus, métro , vélib et autolib à proximité. Nous aimons mon mari et moi-même le contact avec les voyageurs. Les côtés multiculturel  et jeune font de ce quartier un lieu très attractif. Bus, métro, vélib et autolib à proximité. Pas d'animaux svp dans l'appartement. Pas de fumeurs dans l'appartement mais sur la terrasse Ok !
20468	The apartment is located in a very nice area and very close to the city center - only three stops to Republique.  Two very nice parks are in direct neighborhood: parc de Belleville with the best view over Paris you can find in Paris is on the next corner and parc des Buttes Chaumont only 10 minutes away. Even the famous cementery Père-Lachaise is not far away and can be reached on foot.  The apartment itself is sunny, calm and furnished with everything you need.  Two persons can comfortably sleep on the sofa bed. It's very comfortable - I've been sleeping on it for several weeks!  	I share my sunny two-room-apartment in the neighbourhood of Belleville - only 2 minutes to the park with the best view of Paris. It's situated in a very nice district and very close to the city center. The sofa bed is ideal for a short stay in Paris! The apartment is located in a very nice area and very close to the city center - only three stops to Republique.  Two very nice parks are in direct neighborhood: parc de Belleville with the best view over Paris you can find in Paris is on the next corner and parc des Buttes Chaumont only 10 minutes away. Even the famous cementery Père-Lachaise is not far away and can be reached on foot.  The apartment itself is sunny, calm and furnished with everything you need.  Two persons can comfortably sleep on the sofa bed. It's very comfortable - I've been sleeping on it for several weeks!   I want you to feel at home so you have access to the kitchen, you can put stuff in the fridge, read my newspapers in several languages or borrow a book while yo
20469	Notre appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble récent de trois logements dont les occupants sont tous nos amis. L'ambiance y est donc très conviviale et sécurisante. L'appartement est organisé autour d'un grand salon et d'un poêle à bois et est ouvert sur une cour-terrasse fleurie. La chambre que vous occuperez est particulièrement calme et douillette, avec vue sur la terrasse et est équipée d'espaces de rangement (étagère, penderie) et d'un lit de 140cm.  Nous partagerons la salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et nous vous fournirons le linge de toilette. Les WC vous sont réservés. Nous vous préparerons le petit-déjeuner dans le salon ou alors sur la terrasse si le temps le permet. Rita, notre chat vous tiendra compagnie quand nous ne serons pas à la maison. Nous vous accueillerons à votre arrivée et aurons à cœur de vous faire découvrir notre quartier et de vous rendre ce séjour parisien aussi agréable que possible. Nous mettrons à votre disposition des plans et cartes ainsi 	Isabelle et Marc vous accueillent chez eux dans un appartement sur cour situé dans un petit immeuble de 3 logements niché dans une impasse du quartier des Vignoles. Ici, vous vivrez  près du cœur de Paris, au calme, bien loin de la circulation. Notre appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble récent de trois logements dont les occupants sont tous nos amis. L'ambiance y est donc très conviviale et sécurisante. L'appartement est organisé autour d'un grand salon et d'un poêle à bois et est ouvert sur une cour-terrasse fleurie. La chambre que vous occuperez est particulièrement calme et douillette, avec vue sur la terrasse et est équipée d'espaces de rangement (étagère, penderie) et d'un lit de 140cm.  Nous partagerons la salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne et nous vous fournirons le linge de toilette. Les WC vous sont réservés. Nous vous préparerons le petit-déjeuner dans le salon ou alors sur la terrasse si le temps le permet. Rita, notre chat vous tiendra compagnie quand nous ne s
20470	This is a charming sunny duplex  just near a park. There is a wonderful view of Paris. 4th floor no lift. Atypical inside volume, chalet style, about 40 square meters. The flat opens onto a living-room with a couch that changes into a double bed, and there is a staircase with an open bedroom up on the mezzanine just under the roof, with a low ceiling where the double bed just fits, but giving a cosy feeling.  Fully equipped tiny kitchen with a window looking south. The bathroom is comfortable with a shower. There's internet connections and internet Tv.   It's located in an old lively area of the hill near metro Pyrennees, Couronnes, Belleville.   The restaurant nearby provides average food but a terrific atmosphere in the musette style where every customer has to sing. The boulangerie at the doorstep has very good bread and the Belleville garden is a great -reminder of Paris in the last century. It's truly parisian, popular and not touristy area.	This is a charming sunny duplex  just near a park. There is a wonderful view of Paris. 4th floor no lift. Atypical inside volume, chalet style, about 40 square meters. The flat opens onto a living-room with a couch that changes into a double bed, and there is a staircase with an open bedroom up on the mezzanine just under the roof, with a low ceiling where the double bed just fits, but giving a cosy feeling.  Fully equipped tiny kitchen with a window looking south. The bathroom is comfortable with a shower. There's internet connections and internet Tv.   It's located in an old lively area of the hill near metro Pyrennees, Couronnes, Belleville.   The restaurant nearby provides average food but a terrific atmosphere in the musette style where every customer has to sing. The boulangerie at the doorstep has very good bread and the Belleville garden is a great -reminder of Paris in the last century. It's truly parisian, popular and not touristy area. Freebox TV package : 207 Channels Inclu
20471	vous apprécierez le balcon le matin pour le petit déjeuner ou le soir pour l'apéro ou le dîner. Le logement est prévue pour deux personnes.	chambre avec grand lit, armoire, bureau pouvant accueillir 2 personnes dans un appartement de 4 pièces très calme situé à 15' direct Châtelet par le métro. Accès libre cuisine et balcon pour vos repas. Hôtesse accueillante parlant anglais et italien. vous apprécierez le balcon le matin pour le petit déjeuner ou le soir pour l'apéro ou le dîner. Le logement est prévue pour deux personnes. vous aurez accès à la salle de bain, à la cuisine et au balcon muni d'une table et de chaises. je suis disponible pour vous renseigner sur les lieux à visiter et à vous orienter. Je serai présente dans le logement pendant votre séjour. A proximité du logement il y a le parc des Buttes CHAUMONT et le cimetière du Père LACHAISE. accès par le métro ligne 11 arrêt TELEGRAPHE. Cette ligne va directement à CHATELET en 15 minutes.
20472	the location and disposition of the room	Renting a big room in one of the best locations in Paris! in a very calm street near some of the best bars in town some in rue Oberkampf, some others in Belleville It is a room with large windows turned to the sunrise side... the entire day!       the location and disposition of the room room, sunny balcony and kitchen and toilet i like meeting new people and to give advice, since o i know quite well paris and this quatier in particular. i live in paris for years already and know it quite well it is a very beatiful, popular and multicultural quartier information about the district: (website hidden) there is Ménilmontant Métro station 5 min walking distance from the flat as for my person:i speak french, portuguese, spanish, a bit of german, italian and english. and write porty, with already for books published. i like to speak about literary matters 
20473	Un logement très calme, avec vue sur tout Paris Très agréable le soir avec les lumières de la tour eiffel   lit d'une personne avec commode, bureau, chaise, refrégirateur, bouilloire, bouteille d'eau Sans oublier le quartier avec son plus beau parc des buttes chaumont la deuxieme chambre toute en rose et vert le prix et de 40 euros 	Nice room for1 or 1  guets + kitchen acces  Just next to the park buttes Chaumont + 10 minutes to république , 15min downtown , 30 min to effeil tower , conforter , sheets , pillows 
20474	Comfy couch with lots of cushions and blankets - King size bed - Bathtub - for CAT LOVERS :) - original decoration 	"Spacious flat in secured residence(24h concierge) Two bedrooms+shared dressing From 3 large south oriented windows you can watch Paris from the 17th floor:Landmarks, sunsets and nice lightnings My two shy cats may want to socialize-sometimes Public transports nearby (light train and buses direct to city center) Fast connection(2 stops) to metro L1 wich stops at Bastille,Louvre,Champs Elysées,Concorde 5 min walk to ""Saint Blaise street"", a tiny old village of Paris full of cafes.. Comfy couch with lots of cushions and blankets - King size bed - Bathtub - for CAT LOVERS :) - original decoration The whole flat Of course you can call me I'll do my best to help/advice you :) Quartier Saint Blaise is like a small village inside of Paris. Please type 'Saint Blaise Street' in (website hidden) for more informations. The boulevard is located in a cosmopolitan neighborhood.   Restaurants & Cafés I suggest : • Rue Saint Blaise (5 min. walk) :       - Café Noir ((website hidden)),       - Blaise et"
20475	Unique setting: the apartment has been conceived by architect Pablo Katz. http://(email hidden)/fr/webroot/fiche_projet-70.html Very sunny, charming, fully furnished, comfortable and ideally located: close to the Parc of Belleville and the Buttes Chaumont/ The neighborhood is residential but lively: many nice cafés and restaurant around, many bookstores, many nice shops and grocery stores. 	Lovely apartment. Ideal for a couple, but suitable for 4 people. Rare: there is a nice balcony overlooking Paris rooftops, you can have aperitifs, brunches, lunches, dinners outside!  Ideally located, close to Buttes Chaumont and Parc de Belleville! Unique setting: the apartment has been conceived by architect Pablo Katz. http://(email hidden)/fr/webroot/fiche_projet-70.html Very sunny, charming, fully furnished, comfortable and ideally located: close to the Parc of Belleville and the Buttes Chaumont/ The neighborhood is residential but lively: many nice cafés and restaurant around, many bookstores, many nice shops and grocery stores.  - Fully equipped kitchen: washing and drying machine, dishwasher, modern owen, micro-wave, big fridge.  - Fully equipped office: wi-fi + MAC computer available - 1 double bedroom - 1 sofa-bed - Fully equipped bathroom (modern bathtub) We'll be meeting the travelers in person to introduce them to the apartment, give them the keys and some interesting tips
20476	A la fois calme et proche de tout !	80m2, 4 pièces dans un quartier calme. À proximité du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du parc de Belleville et à six stations de métro du coeur de Paris. Proximité commerces, cafés et restaurants. A la fois calme et proche de tout ! l'appartement est entièrement accessible Nous serons en voyage, mais tout sera bien préparé à l'avance C'est à quelques mètres de là qu'est née Edith Piaf ! Sur la ligne 11 du métro. Un seul changement depuis Orly ou Roissy.
20477	We are two students living at the appartement and we have one room with a a couch/bed for 2 people. there is a kitchen and a bathroom for all.  Long story short, you'll be sharing the common areas, but the room is for you only.  We are at the 20th arrondisement Metro Gambetta ou Pelleport.  The area is very well served by the public transportation: 10 min to Republique and 5 min walk to Pere lachaise. the quartier is pretty calm, but a 5 min walk from gambetta, so plenty of cafe, bristro and restaurants. Lots of cozy french bristo around. There is at least 8 supermarkets just around, a few designer's shops. In one word yuo could have it all, at a non turist zone :)  If we have some time off, we'll show you around gladly. We are Velo friendly so we could take you for a ride around Paris. We enjoy the idea of showing around a Paris that is not just the picture..	Just a nice cosy place in Paris to expend sometime in the city of lights!  We will love to help you with everything you need, I'm a tourist guide and Nicolas work in tourism also so we can be handy ;) We are two students living at the appartement and we have one room with a a couch/bed for 2 people. there is a kitchen and a bathroom for all.  Long story short, you'll be sharing the common areas, but the room is for you only.  We are at the 20th arrondisement Metro Gambetta ou Pelleport.  The area is very well served by the public transportation: 10 min to Republique and 5 min walk to Pere lachaise. the quartier is pretty calm, but a 5 min walk from gambetta, so plenty of cafe, bristro and restaurants. Lots of cozy french bristo around. There is at least 8 supermarkets just around, a few designer's shops. In one word yuo could have it all, at a non turist zone :)  If we have some time off, we'll show you around gladly. We are Velo friendly so we could take you for a ride around Paris. W
20478		Grand duplex très lumineux au 6e étage avec 2 terrasses.  Très calme situé à 15min du Marais.  Le métro et le bus vous a Le métro et le bus vous attendent à 50m. 
20479	It is very illuminated. The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere. There is a comfortable 3 sofas , a large table, one desk. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 4 electric plates a oven, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a dishwasher and a washing machine. You also have a hairdryer in the bathroom.	Very spacious, charming house with double bedroom and some extra beds available in Paris 20th near the Telegraphe (line 11) and Gambetta (line 3) metro station.  It is very illuminated. The place is cleverly arranged to take advantage of all the space. It has a cosy atmosphere. There is a comfortable 3 sofas , a large table, one desk. The kitchen is fully equipped, including 4 electric plates a oven, a fridge, a freezer, a microwave and a dishwasher and a washing machine. You also have a hairdryer in the bathroom. Every part of the house , wifi. Laurent, my housemate, likes to cook. He's very sociable, me too but He'll be in Madrid till October :) It is located in nice quarter of Paris, next to the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is close to some well known lively areas such as Belleville and Ménilmontant. It is also very close to the subway station Telegraphe and Gambetta, line 11 and 3, which crosses Paris from east to west, and leads you to the main touristic places as Republique,
20480	25m2 Full equiped flat. Kitchen with washing machine, dish washer, hoven, micro wave, Nespresso, toaster, etc... Internet wifi. Bed linen and towels provided. Third floor, no elevator. 3 minutes away from the metro station. Line 2 and 11. Direct lines to the heart of Paris or to the Champs Élysées 12 minutes from the center = 6 metro stations to Chatelet. 12 minutes from Montmartre... Belleville is a colorful, multi-ethnic neighborhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns.  A fairly large and popular outdoor market is held there every Tuesday and Friday along the Boulevard de Belleville, where many local Île-de-France farmers sell their produce. During the 1980s Parisian artists and musicians, attracted by the cheaper rents, the numerous vacant large spaces, as well as the old Paris charm of its smaller streets started moving there. Many artists now live and work in Belleville. Some abandoned factories have been transformed into art squats, where several alternative artist	25m2 Full equiped flat. Kitchen with washing machine, dish washer, hoven, micro wave, Nespresso, toaster, etc... Internet wifi. Bed linen and towels provided. Third floor, no elevator. 3 minutes away from the metro station. Line 2 and 11. Direct lines to the heart of Paris or to the Champs Élysées 12 minutes from the center = 6 metro stations to Chatelet. 12 minutes from Montmartre... Belleville is a colorful, multi-ethnic neighborhood and also home to one of the city's two Chinatowns.  A fairly large and popular outdoor market is held there every Tuesday and Friday along the Boulevard de Belleville, where many local Île-de-France farmers sell their produce. During the 1980s Parisian artists and musicians, attracted by the cheaper rents, the numerous vacant large spaces, as well as the old Paris charm of its smaller streets started moving there. Many artists now live and work in Belleville. Some abandoned factories have been transformed into art squats, where several alternative artist
20481	Chaleureux et dans un quartier commerçant	"Appartement lumineux et agréable proche de la place de la nation. Avec le métro à moins de 100m, l'hyper centre de Paris et ses monuments sont accessible en près de 10min. Toutes commodités au pied de l'immeuble. Chaleureux et dans un quartier commerçant Internet, cuisine équipée, télévision Led Je peux vous orienter sur les visites de Paris, je suis Docteur en Pharmacie en plein cœur du Marais Quartier dynamique, marché 2 fois par semaine, petits restaurants très ""bobo"" et ambiance populaire Métro L9 station Maraîchers, accès direct Tour Eiffel, Trocadero Bus 76 directe Louvre"
20482	Un petit coin de PARADIS dans Paris !  Maison très indépendante et très isolée. Pas de vis-à-vis de voisinage. Calme. Courette très agréable.	Petite maison individuelle de 72m2 dans immeuble industriel et 35m2 de courette privative. RDC spacieux avec cuisine américaine,salle à manger et salon. Mise à disposition d'une des deux chambres à l'étage avec grand lit 2pers et sdb-toilets partagés Un petit coin de PARADIS dans Paris !  Maison très indépendante et très isolée. Pas de vis-à-vis de voisinage. Calme. Courette très agréable. L'hôte aura accès à l'une des deux chambres de l'étage (qui peut fermer à clé) et à toutes les autres parties de la maison. Partage de la salle de bain-toilettes, de la cuisine, du salon, de la salle à manger et de la courette, avec son hamac très agréable en été ! Mes présences sont variées, selon les saisons, mais mon accueil n'en est pas moindre ! Quartier populaire du XXème, très vivant, mais la maison est dans une rue calme, proche tous commerces et marchés.  °Boulanger-Patissier-Boucher-Primeur-Fleuriste-Bio °Marché de la Réunion Jeudi et Dimanche °Les Puces de Montreuil du Samedi au Lundi °Tro
20483	L'appartement est grand: 54m2 et comporte deux chambres ( l'une est celle de ma colocataire) et un salon. La cuisine est séparée et bien équipée.	Bonjour, Je loue une grande chambre pour les mois de juillet et d'août. (Un mois minimum)L’appartement est dans le 20e arrondissement métro Gambetta, à 20 minutes du centre. Le quartier est très agréable: nombreux parcs, bars à proximités. L'appartement est grand: 54m2 et comporte deux chambres ( l'une est celle de ma colocataire) et un salon. La cuisine est séparée et bien équipée. Vous aurez accès à la chambre, au salon, à la salle de bain et à la cuisine.
20484	Le logement dispose d'une seule chambre mais le canapé du salon, qui n'est pas convertible, est néanmoins très confortable (80x200). Il peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un 3ème voyageur	Grand deux pièces de 60m2 situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble avec vue sur jardin. Sans vis-à-vis, calme avec une exposition sud ouest. Proximité des principales lignes de métro et du RER. A deux pas de la place de la nation. Le logement dispose d'une seule chambre mais le canapé du salon, qui n'est pas convertible, est néanmoins très confortable (80x200). Il peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un 3ème voyageur Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces mais le bureau n'est pas prévu dans la location
20485	Mon logement est suffisant pour une ou deux personnes avec le confort pour passer un bon séjour dans un quartier agréable et vivant. Je  souhaite plutôt des jeunes, à cause du lit escamotable qu' on (monte au plafond sans effort) pour optimiser la place, un peu plus haut qu'un lit normal s'il est descendu au sol, pas conseillé pour les personnes à mobilité réduite.	Studio de 15 m2, meublé, situé dans un quartier recherché du 20ème Arrondissement de PARIS, dans un immeuble de standing, côté cour, rez- de- chaussée, calme, lumineux. Endroit très calme pour passer de bonnes vacances. Le métro situé à 3 min à pied. Mon logement est suffisant pour une ou deux personnes avec le confort pour passer un bon séjour dans un quartier agréable et vivant. Je  souhaite plutôt des jeunes, à cause du lit escamotable qu' on (monte au plafond sans effort) pour optimiser la place, un peu plus haut qu'un lit normal s'il est descendu au sol, pas conseillé pour les personnes à mobilité réduite. les voyageurs  seront seules à partager le logement. Mais je veille que tout se passe  bien durant le séjour. L'entrée dans les lieux se fait au plus tard à 22h Après confirmation , je ne serai pas présent pendant le séjour. Mais je passe de temps en temps pour voir de l'extérieur, si je constate que la lumière a été oublié d'être éteint j'entrerai pour l'éteindre et aérer le lo
20486	Dear all, I will be very happy to receive you in a warm, colored and convenient apartment , a few steps from Gambeta, Belleville and Père Lachaise . The apartment is situated at 3rd floor (with elevator) with a double exposure, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. There's a balconette overlooking a garden, in access from the LIVING ROOM and the BEDROOM. Covering an area of 80 m2, it contains a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with bath, toilet and 2 bedrooms . BEDROOM AVAILABLE includes a double bed (160x200) very comfortable,a baby's bed (0 to 3 years) and a closet. THE LIVING ROOM includes a side lounge suite with big sofa,  small table ,library and DVD library . It is possible to add 2 mattress to sleep  2 moore persons. There is also TV, Broadband Internet connection and console PSP.  There is also a side DINER ROOM with a large table and 6 chairs. KITCHEN is equipped with a bar, chair, a robot appliances, mixer and microwave. There's also 2 machines to cook typica	Dear all, I will be very happy to receive you in a warm, colored and convenient apartment , a few steps from Gambeta, Belleville and Père Lachaise . The apartment is situated at 3rd floor (with elevator) with a double exposure, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. There's a balconette overlooking a garden, in access from the LIVING ROOM and the BEDROOM. Covering an area of 80 m2, it contains a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom with bath, toilet and 2 bedrooms . BEDROOM AVAILABLE includes a double bed (160x200) very comfortable,a baby's bed (0 to 3 years) and a closet. THE LIVING ROOM includes a side lounge suite with big sofa,  small table ,library and DVD library . It is possible to add 2 mattress to sleep  2 moore persons. There is also TV, Broadband Internet connection and console PSP.  There is also a side DINER ROOM with a large table and 6 chairs. KITCHEN is equipped with a bar, chair, a robot appliances, mixer and microwave. There's also 2 machines to cook typica
20487	Jolie chambre située dans le quartier Gambetta-Père Lachaise dans un appartement hausmannien avec moulures et parquet blanc, coin TV et bureau (hi-fi) et bien entendu un emplacement dédié pour vos affaires.  De plus, la chambre offre une vue claire et  agréable sur les toits de Paris. C'est un endroit paisible et agréable pour se reposer des journées parisiennes.  Les fenêtres sont équipées de double vitrage phonique et de rideaux occultants pour ajouter au calme du quartier lors de vos grasses matinées.  Votre salle de bain privée est claire, mignonne et fonctionnelle avec sa douche et ses toilettes privés.  Le salon est mon lieu de travail pendant votre séjour. Mais Vous y aurez accès tout comme le balcon pour prendre votre petit-déjeuner ou l'apéro ou même vos repas. Dans la cuisine, naturellement éclairée, une table à rabat vous attend pour le petit déjeuner, les repas ou le temps d'un thé. Tout y est à votre disposition pour cuisiner (ustensiles et condiments) et vous aurez votre 	Charmante chambre avec salle de bain et wc privés, située dans le quartier de  Gambetta dans un grand appartement de charme avec moulures et parquet blanc.  C'est un endroit agréable pour se reposer des journées parisiennes. Jolie chambre située dans le quartier Gambetta-Père Lachaise dans un appartement hausmannien avec moulures et parquet blanc, coin TV et bureau (hi-fi) et bien entendu un emplacement dédié pour vos affaires.  De plus, la chambre offre une vue claire et  agréable sur les toits de Paris. C'est un endroit paisible et agréable pour se reposer des journées parisiennes.  Les fenêtres sont équipées de double vitrage phonique et de rideaux occultants pour ajouter au calme du quartier lors de vos grasses matinées.  Votre salle de bain privée est claire, mignonne et fonctionnelle avec sa douche et ses toilettes privés.  Le salon est mon lieu de travail pendant votre séjour. Mais Vous y aurez accès tout comme le balcon pour prendre votre petit-déjeuner ou l'apéro ou même vos r
20488	On top of the hill of Menilmontant, here is a lovely 2 rooms accomodation of 40 m², equiped for 2 or 4 people, entirely redecorated in 2010 in keeping the typical spirit of a parisian workshop. Opening contemporary and fully equiped kitchen on a warm living room, including a sofa bed ( 2 people extra accomodation) , home cinema TV, hifi and wifi. The quite doublebed bedroom (with a desk corner) and its bathroom is overlooking a garden : only birds are waking you in the morning ! Rest and comfort guaranteed after an exciting and exhausting day walking around in Paris. Located in a quite street, nearby all transport facilities (bus line n° 26 and metro line n°11, a few minutes away) , you directly get in 10 minutes to the heart of Paris : Châtelet- les Halles- Beaubourg- Hotel de Ville- Notre Dame- le Louvre, etc... Nearby, the village like quarter of Jourdain with its church, square surrounded by bars,  shops, restautants make you feel the parisian atmosphere. A few more steps and you d	On top of the hill of Menilmontant, here is a lovely 2 rooms accomodation of 40 m², equiped for 2 or 4 people, entirely redecorated in 2010 in keeping the typical spirit of a parisian workshop. Opening contemporary and fully equiped kitchen on a warm living room, including a sofa bed ( 2 people extra accomodation) , home cinema TV, hifi and wifi. The quite doublebed bedroom (with a desk corner) and its bathroom is overlooking a garden : only birds are waking you in the morning ! Rest and comfort guaranteed after an exciting and exhausting day walking around in Paris. Located in a quite street, nearby all transport facilities (bus line n° 26 and metro line n°11, a few minutes away) , you directly get in 10 minutes to the heart of Paris : Châtelet- les Halles- Beaubourg- Hotel de Ville- Notre Dame- le Louvre, etc... Nearby, the village like quarter of Jourdain with its church, square surrounded by bars,  shops, restautants make you feel the parisian atmosphere. A few more steps and you d
20489	L’appartement de 55 m2 se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence privée de bon standing, avec digicode, interphone et jardin communautaire, au pied du beau parc de Belleville, un lieu idéal pour se prélasser, faire sa gym ou piqueniquer !  La chambre, spacieuse et claire, est équipée d’un confortable lit de deux place, de tables et lampes de chevet, d’une armoire vintage pour ranger vos affaires et décorée d’objets et textiles chinés lors de mes voyages.  	Chambre cosy et confortable dans un sympathique appartement au cœur du très vivant et cosmopolite quartier de Belleville, et au pied du parc offrant l’une des plus belles vues sur Paris. Localisation pratique, à quelques pas des métros L2 et L11. L’appartement de 55 m2 se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence privée de bon standing, avec digicode, interphone et jardin communautaire, au pied du beau parc de Belleville, un lieu idéal pour se prélasser, faire sa gym ou piqueniquer !  La chambre, spacieuse et claire, est équipée d’un confortable lit de deux place, de tables et lampes de chevet, d’une armoire vintage pour ranger vos affaires et décorée d’objets et textiles chinés lors de mes voyages. Vous aurez accès au reste de l’appartement : Salle de bain, toilettes (si vous êtes sages seulement !) et cuisine équipée. Le salon reste accessible en journée. Le petit déjeuner est compris, avec thé, café, lait, pain, fruits et bonnes confitures. Si nos emplois du temps nous 
20490	Transport, shops, bars , restaurants nearby but the house is very quiet, no noise from outside, you will be awakened by birds singing !	Our home is a haven of peace in the heart of the lively village Jordan. With 50m2 of living space, we have a private garden of 45m2. In addition to the master bedroom we have a fully equipped baby room . Ideal for couples with baby. Transport, shops, bars , restaurants nearby but the house is very quiet, no noise from outside, you will be awakened by birds singing ! We are in the village Jordan typical and lively outdoor shops. Very close to the Buttes Chaumont Park and Belleville . 10 mins by metro from Chatelet. 250m from Subway Pyrenees or Jordan. Several bus lines. It is essential to always close the windows and lock the door when you go out . Similarly when you are upstairs and there is no one down.
20491	Studio en trois parties : - Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave-linge. Serviettes propres disponibles. - Espace de vie de 25m2 aux trois fonctions : chambre, séjour, salle à manger. - Cuisine sympa. 	Agréable pied à terre dans le 20e arrondissement pour partir à la découverte de Paris. Avec cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire. Situé dans une rue calme, à deux stations du Cimetière du Père Lachaise et de la Place de la Nation. Studio en trois parties : - Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave-linge. Serviettes propres disponibles. - Espace de vie de 25m2 aux trois fonctions : chambre, séjour, salle à manger. - Cuisine sympa. Vous avez accès à tout le studio, vous pourrez écouter de la musique, faire de la cuisine, lire... et tout ce que l'on peut faire d'autre dans un studio.  Pour l'espace bureau, vous pouvez vous y installer, mais évitez de fouiller dans les papiers ! ça met le désordre après...  Les limites : la vie en immeuble. contact mail : (email hidden)  je vous transmettrai mon numéro de portable si la correspondance s'installe. Le 20e arrondissement est l'un des plus mixte de Paris. Créé en 1860 à la suite de l'annexion décidée par le Baron Haussmann des Communes voisines 
20492	Idéal pour déposer ses valises un week end à paris ! Le studio se trouve rue des Pyrénées, à deux pas du Père Lachaise, du Parc de Belleville, du quartier animé de Ménilmontant. Toute l'authenticité de l'Est de Paris !  Vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour, des commerçants authentiques, des librairies, des cafés sympathiques, un marché au pied de l'immeuble. Le soir vous pourrez profiter des lieux de concerts aux alentours, la Bellevilloise, la Maroquinerie, la Flèche d'Or... En prenant le métro à Gambetta ou à Jourdain, vous serez en plein de coeur de Paris en à peine moins de 10 min (République, Beaubourg…) 	Agréable studio, calme et très lumineux, au 4ème étage d'une résidence située entre Jourdain et Gambetta. Idéal pour déposer ses valises un week end à paris ! Le studio se trouve rue des Pyrénées, à deux pas du Père Lachaise, du Parc de Belleville, du quartier animé de Ménilmontant. Toute l'authenticité de l'Est de Paris !  Vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour, des commerçants authentiques, des librairies, des cafés sympathiques, un marché au pied de l'immeuble. Le soir vous pourrez profiter des lieux de concerts aux alentours, la Bellevilloise, la Maroquinerie, la Flèche d'Or... En prenant le métro à Gambetta ou à Jourdain, vous serez en plein de coeur de Paris en à peine moins de 10 min (République, Beaubourg…) L'appartement est totalement équipé, vous pourrez disposer d'un four, d'un frigo, de plaques, et d'une machine à laver dans la cuisine. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, une vasque et des toilettes. Je n'ai malheureusement pas beauco
20493	Refait à neuf en 2013, il est très bien équipé, tout confort !	Refait à neuf en 2013, il est très bien équipé, tout confort ! Internet, cuisine ouverte sur Salon, 1 chambre adulte, 1 chambre enfant, 2 balcons A deux pas de la Bellevilloise et de la Flèche d'Or ! Lieux incontournables pour les concerts.  A 10 minutes à pied du Cimetière du Père Lachaise.  Au pied de l'immeuble, une excellente boulangerie-pâtisserie pour les gourmets ! Métro ligne 11 > Station Télégraphe Métro ligne 3 > Station Gambetta 
20494	This charming flat is an ideal choice for anyone that wants to experience the real parisian life. It is located in the heart of the trendy area Menilmontant and only 7min walk from the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is a bright and cosy 30m2 flat situated on the 3rd floor. The apartment has been entirely renovated and the decoration is a nice mix of vintage and design furnitures. It has one bedroom with a double bed and a big wardrobe, whereas the living room provides a comfortable coach for 3 people. The kitchen is spacious and equipped with all that you need (fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster and a washing machine). Finally, there is a bathroom with a shower and WC. The flat has a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower and offers a nice spot to watch the sunset. Finally, its south orientation allows for sun exposure, so If you like sun as my plants do :-), this is the place to be. There is a wifi connexion in the flat and  I provide towels and linen. 	Welcome! A completely renovated and well decorated flat of 30m2 between Pere Lachaise and Menilmontant. Full of light and with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower.  This charming flat is an ideal choice for anyone that wants to experience the real parisian life. It is located in the heart of the trendy area Menilmontant and only 7min walk from the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. It is a bright and cosy 30m2 flat situated on the 3rd floor. The apartment has been entirely renovated and the decoration is a nice mix of vintage and design furnitures. It has one bedroom with a double bed and a big wardrobe, whereas the living room provides a comfortable coach for 3 people. The kitchen is spacious and equipped with all that you need (fridge, oven, coffee machine, toaster and a washing machine). Finally, there is a bathroom with a shower and WC. The flat has a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower and offers a nice spot to watch the sunset. Finally, its south orientation allows for sun exposure, 
20495	L'appartement est meublé et situé dans le 20 eme arrondissement de Paris (menilmontant). Il est à louer à la journée ou à la semaine.  Il se situe à proximité de la rue Oberkampf. C'est un quartier très vivant avec beaucoup de restaurants et de bars juste à côté. Je me ferais un plaisir de vous conseiller en fonction de vos goûts et de vos attentes.  L'appartement fait 35m2. C'est un 2 pièces comportant une cuisine séparée et tout équipée : gaz, four, frigo, cafetière bodum, bouilloire, des toilettes séparés, une salle de bain avec petite baignoire.  Cet appartement comprend également une chambre avec un lit double très confortable 140 x 190, un salon (avec canapé-lit neuf pour 2 personnes 120 x 190). Vous pourrez utiliser Internet en connexion wifi ainsi que la TV, la chaine stéréo,ou le lecteur DVD Transport : tout prêt du métro menilmontant ( ligne 9 ) A très bientôt !	L'appartement est meublé et situé dans le 20 eme arrondissement de Paris (menilmontant). Il est à louer à la journée ou à la semaine.  Il se situe à proximité de la rue Oberkampf. C'est un quartier très vivant avec beaucoup de restaurants et de bars juste à côté. Je me ferais un plaisir de vous conseiller en fonction de vos goûts et de vos attentes.  L'appartement fait 35m2. C'est un 2 pièces comportant une cuisine séparée et tout équipée : gaz, four, frigo, cafetière bodum, bouilloire, des toilettes séparés, une salle de bain avec petite baignoire.  Cet appartement comprend également une chambre avec un lit double très confortable 140 x 190, un salon (avec canapé-lit neuf pour 2 personnes 120 x 190). Vous pourrez utiliser Internet en connexion wifi ainsi que la TV, la chaine stéréo,ou le lecteur DVD Transport : tout prêt du métro menilmontant ( ligne 9 ) A très bientôt !
20496	"Old but modern 32 m2 flat, very functionnal and confortable, completely renovated in 2011. Quite design but simple decoration. 1 bedroom / livingroom with double bed sofa-bed equipped with an 18cm thick onepart mattress 1 other bedroom for 1 child or a 3rd adult (mezzanine bed is big enough : 210 x 140cm, and fixed on the wall) Nice balcony all along the 2 rooms and the kitchen. Little kitchen and bathroom/toilets with shower cubicle, very functionnal and confortable. 6th floor (topfloor), no elevator, but you'll get used to it very quickly... honestly! Excellent location to get straight into central Paris by bus or subway (2 lines, 2 subway lines) or Parisian rental bicycle ""Velib"". 20' from Chatelet, 40' from Louvre, Champs elysées, 20' from Bastille, 15' from Oberkampf and its bars, 5'/10' from 2 typical parisian markets. Many bars, foodshops, supermarkets, 3 very nice bakeries at 50m from the building. Nice and cool restaurant at the bottom of the building, and many other in the ar"	"Nice and functionnal flat, at the top floor of a classified as historic building. Balcony and flat turned south to enjoy upstairs. Many facilities, excellent bakeries, street markets very close. Metro (5') and buses (2') to central Paris. Old but modern 32 m2 flat, very functionnal and confortable, completely renovated in 2011. Quite design but simple decoration. 1 bedroom / livingroom with double bed sofa-bed equipped with an 18cm thick onepart mattress 1 other bedroom for 1 child or a 3rd adult (mezzanine bed is big enough : 210 x 140cm, and fixed on the wall) Nice balcony all along the 2 rooms and the kitchen. Little kitchen and bathroom/toilets with shower cubicle, very functionnal and confortable. 6th floor (topfloor), no elevator, but you'll get used to it very quickly... honestly! Excellent location to get straight into central Paris by bus or subway (2 lines, 2 subway lines) or Parisian rental bicycle ""Velib"". 20' from Chatelet, 40' from Louvre, Champs elysées, 20' from Bastill"
20497	Un appartement à la fois calme et en plein paris bénéficiant de nombreux espaces extérieurs. 	Nous louons notre bel appartement calme et lumineux disposant de trois terrasses ,(37m2, 12m2, et 6m2) au 5éme et dernier étage. 4 chambres et salon avec vidéo projecteur + écran. Très bien desservi (Metro 11 ; 3 ; 3bis et Tram T3b) + parking. Un appartement à la fois calme et en plein paris bénéficiant de nombreux espaces extérieurs.  Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine équipée, à la machine à laver le linge, au video projecteur dans le salon et à l'imprimante.  Produits usuels à disposition Possibilité accès parking (prévenir) Possibilité lit supplémentaire Check in 15h - Check out 10h Nous sommes là pour vous accueillir et nous assurer que vous ne manquerez de rien. Nous nous tenons à votre dispositions pour quelques remarques, conseils ou services dont vous pourriez avoir besoin.   Le quartier est calme et pourtant à quelques pas de Gambetta et 10 minutes de République.  L'appartement donne sur les réservoirs d'eau et son parc verdoyant.  Métro ligne 3bis : Saint fargeau Métro lig
20498	Petit studio de 15m2 a côté de la place de la nation, calme sur cour, entièrement rénové. Au 2 eme etage sans ascenseur, attention escaliers un peu raides. Équipé, tv, internet wifi, cuisinière, cafetière, bouilloire, four/micro ondes, draps et serviettes fournis,  sèche cheveux, un clic clac 2 personnes, proche toutes commodités.  Commerces, restaurant, bus, RER ( A direct dysneyland ou Champs Elysées en 10mn), métro lignes 2, 9, 1, 6 qui desservent directement le père Lachaise a 5mn, les grand boulevards, l'opéra garnier, la place de la Bastille, musée du Louvre, quartier du marais/hôtel de ville, Montmartre/sacré cœur, Pigalle ... Tout ça en quelques stations  car beaucoup de choix de métro a côté! Le quartier est vivant et commerçant, l'appartement calme et propre. Je serai la pour vous accueillir, vous guider et vous conseiller pour votre séjour a Paris À bientôt  Mathilde 	Studio de 15m2, refait a neuf, entièrement équipé, proche de la place de la nation, métro RER bus, tous commerces, restaurants, bars, quartier animé, agréable, tous les sites touristiques directs en métro ou (website hidden) 2 eme étage sans ascenseur, escaliers raides attention! Tv, wifi, serviettes et serviettes fournis... Petit studio de 15m2 a côté de la place de la nation, calme sur cour, entièrement rénové. Au 2 eme etage sans ascenseur, attention escaliers un peu raides. Équipé, tv, internet wifi, cuisinière, cafetière, bouilloire, four/micro ondes, draps et serviettes fournis,  sèche cheveux, un clic clac 2 personnes, proche toutes commodités.  Commerces, restaurant, bus, RER ( A direct dysneyland ou Champs Elysées en 10mn), métro lignes 2, 9, 1, 6 qui desservent directement le père Lachaise a 5mn, les grand boulevards, l'opéra garnier, la place de la Bastille, musée du Louvre, quartier du marais/hôtel de ville, Montmartre/sacré cœur, Pigalle ... Tout ça en quelques stations  c
20499	2 large bedrooms with single bed, another room with a double bed open on the living room and the living room a large double sofa bed A bathroom with tub, washing machine doing dryer as well Separate Toilets Kitchen furnished simply but nice	"85m²Flat - 3 big bedroom + large lounge, 4th floor, sunny with balconies. Very friendly neighborhood 20m from the Edith Piaf square and the not enough known area of Campagne à Paris, beautiful houses from the 30's. Colourful market on saturdays. 2 large bedrooms with single bed, another room with a double bed open on the living room and the living room a large double sofa bed A bathroom with tub, washing machine doing dryer as well Separate Toilets Kitchen furnished simply but nice Very easy ! -  metro Ligne 3 (Gallieni / Pont de Levallois, direction Gallieni), the flat is at stop ""Porte de Bagnolet"" (take exit Rue de la Py, when you are on top of stairs, cross Rue Belgrand, the flat is number 37 ) - from Gare du nord/Eurostar station 30 minutes) or  - tranway T3 Porte de Bagnolet (15 minutes from Gare de Lyon) On the other side of the door : Device arrival and A3 motorway. I will be there ! Door Code : 4396 when you enter in the corridor, it's on the right, A escalier You are in the 2"
20500	This apartment consists of two bedrooms, one with a bed of 180x200, the other with a bed of 140x190cm. Two shower rooms with toiletttes. Fully equipped kitchen, wifi, free parking possible.	In quiet street, two large rooms on oak flooring, lounge with fully equipped kitchen, large comfortable bedroom, terrace overlooking floral, all adapted disabled, Second bedroom and bathroom with double bed. Near shops and subway. This apartment consists of two bedrooms, one with a bed of 180x200, the other with a bed of 140x190cm. Two shower rooms with toiletttes. Fully equipped kitchen, wifi, free parking possible.
20501	Jolie appartement de 47 m2. Très ensoleillé et vue bien dégagée , situè au 5e ètage d'un immeuble propre.  On a accès a une très belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  De plus la vue donne sur la cour intérieure donc le calme est absolue. Cuisine tout équipée ( micro-ondes, four, machine Nepresso, frigo-congélateur, lave linge et ustensiles de cuisines).  Internet wifi haute vitesse, grande tv écran plat, barre de son cinéma fonction bluethooth.  Grande salle de bain avec baignoire et serviettes de toilettes.  Grande chambre avec un grand lit  avec commode et armoires. Toutes les fenêtres de l' appartement sont double vitrages.	Appartement neuf  Beau Deux pieces situé à 3 minutes à pieds du métro Bellevile. Très belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel. L'appartement est bien equipé.  Proche de toutes les commodites : supermarches, boulangeries, boucheries, bar et restaurants etc.  Le quartier est très pupulaire et bien animé. Jolie appartement de 47 m2. Très ensoleillé et vue bien dégagée , situè au 5e ètage d'un immeuble propre.  On a accès a une très belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  De plus la vue donne sur la cour intérieure donc le calme est absolue. Cuisine tout équipée ( micro-ondes, four, machine Nepresso, frigo-congélateur, lave linge et ustensiles de cuisines).  Internet wifi haute vitesse, grande tv écran plat, barre de son cinéma fonction bluethooth.  Grande salle de bain avec baignoire et serviettes de toilettes.  Grande chambre avec un grand lit  avec commode et armoires. Toutes les fenêtres de l' appartement sont double vitrages. Vous avez accès à tous l appartement. Je suis joignable pour toutes autres ques
20502	A place close to a lively neighboorhood with all range of transportation to get to the heart of paris in less than 15 minutes. Line 2, line 9, RER A at Nation, and for the ones that enjoy riding a bicycle, a Velib station is downstairs our apartment. In the back of our alley, you will find a wide selection of restaurant, we recommand les Mondes Bohêmes, don't forget to book before !	Welcome les amis ! Our apartment is two rooms flat with a A place close to a lively neighboorhood with all range of transportation to get to the heart of paris in less than 15 minutes. Line 2, line 9, RER A at Nation, and for the ones that enjoy riding a bicycle, a Velib station is downstairs our apartment. In the back of our alley, you will find a wide selection of restaurant, we recommand les Mondes Bohêmes, don't forget to book before ! You are at home, and our home too, everything can be used, except our personal clothes ;) As long as there is respect and trust, everything is fine. One love ! During your stay, we will be available by phone for any information, and a guest will welcome you the check in or check out. The neighborhood is a lively one, with a lot of communities, with a lot of convenience store, even open during sunday, you will find all kind of foods, from traditional bistrot, to gastronomic restaurants and finally very good Kebabs !  Our street is calm, but just next 
20503	Very modern, cosy and quiet. Very near to Métro and corner shops. Three markets nearby on different days of the week. Summer concerts at the Parc Floral not far away and the Chateau de Vincennes. 	Luxury apartment, clean, bright, modern (2007) with rooms overlooking a private garden. Own bathroom. Very quiet. Métro line 9, 2 mins with Opéra and big stores 20 (website hidden) 2, normal ticket. STRICTLY NO SMOKING ONLY. Private Parking by arrangement Very modern, cosy and quiet. Very near to Métro and corner shops. Three markets nearby on different days of the week. Summer concerts at the Parc Floral not far away and the Chateau de Vincennes.  Lovely bright bedroom, kitchen and own bathroom. Other amenities by arrangement including using the underground secure private car park accessed with a 'beep' remote control for the entrance gate. Yes. I am happy to chat and offer help. We are near to two Métro stations, line 9 and line 1 and also the new Tramway. We have a Carrefour nearby and two corner shops plus lots of low priced eating places. The local travel amenities could not be better. You can get to all parts of Paris from where we are. We have a grand piano if you are a pianist 
20504		Plein Paris, maison individuelle, 3 chambres, 2 salles de bains, salon spacieux, cuisine équipée, sous-sol et garage, deux jardins, calme total, rare dans Paris, pouvant accueillir 6 personnes.  A proximité immédiate de trois stations de métro.
20505	"Cet appartement de 43m2 est idéalement situé, avec vue sur la magnifique cour d'une résidence calme et bien fréquentée. Une fois sorti, vous voilà sur la très charmante place de l'Église, au pied du métro qui vous emmènera directement au centre de Paris en à peine 10 minutes !  Spacieux et lumineux, l'appartement se compose d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'un séjour-salle à manger avec un coin chambre isolé, et d'une belle salle de bain. Avec son haut plafond, ses moulures et son parquet, il conserve le charme et la chaleur de l'ancien avec ce qu'il faut de modernité pour ne manquer de rien. Il permet d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 voyageurs, et il est tout équipé. Vous pourrez vous sentir comme chez vous, utiliser la cuisine comme si c'était la vôtre, et profiter d'un style de vie typiquement parisien en allant vous balader ""Rue de la Villette"" ou dans le parc des Buttes Chaumont."	Vaste studio de 41m², tout équipé et tout confort, dans la plus belle résidence du quartier. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes et se situe au pied du métro Jourdain (ligne 11 -> République/Hôtel de ville/Châtelet), place de l'église, à 5min à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Cet appartement de 43m2 est idéalement situé, avec vue sur la magnifique cour d'une résidence calme et bien fréquentée. Une fois sorti, vous voilà sur la très charmante place de l'Église, au pied du métro qui vous emmènera directement au centre de Paris en à peine 10 minutes !  Spacieux et lumineux, l'appartement se compose d'une cuisine toute équipée, d'un séjour-salle à manger avec un coin chambre isolé, et d'une belle salle de bain. Avec son haut plafond, ses moulures et son parquet, il conserve le charme et la chaleur de l'ancien avec ce qu'il faut de modernité pour ne manquer de rien. Il permet d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 voyageurs, et il est tout équipé. Vous pourrez vous sentir comme chez vous, utiliser la 
20506		Situé dans une résidence calme, à 5 minutes des métros Gambetta et Jourdain. Appartement très lumineux avec grand balcon aménagé, cuisine et salle de bain séparées. A 2 pas des bars de Ménilmontant, du Père-Lachaise et des Buttes Chaumont.
20507	Studio recently renovated, fully furnished and equipped.  3rd floor with elevator. Large windows, very bright apartment overlooking a quiet and closed courtyard. Separate bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. Washer and dryers in the building (residents only access). There is an iron and an ironing board in the flat. Hi-fi available.  Sheets and towels are provided.	Cute and sunny flat of 25m2 overlooking a quiet courtyard. You are at the heart of a lovely area with many bars, restaurants, shops. Conveniently located, the appartment is near metro, RER, bus and tram. Futon bed and traditional Japanese tatami. Studio recently renovated, fully furnished and equipped.  3rd floor with elevator. Large windows, very bright apartment overlooking a quiet and closed courtyard. Separate bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. Washer and dryers in the building (residents only access). There is an iron and an ironing board in the flat. Hi-fi available.  Sheets and towels are provided. The apartment is accessible for people with disabilities. I can give you tips and the best places in the area.  Also advise you on the best places to visit in Paris according to your inspiration!  (I live in Paris for 15 years and I worked at the Paris Tourist Office). Located in a lively and shopping street (shops, organic supermarkets, bars with live music, restaurants ...)  You
20508	Petit appartement ancien lumineux dans un immeuble de 1900 très tranquille. 	Petit appartement ancien lumineux dans un immeuble de 1900 très tranquille.  à 5 min du Mama Shelter, de la Flèche d'Or, du cinéma MK2 gambetta, de la campagne à Paris, des court de tennis.   Il y a des marchés plusieurs jours par semaine dans le quartier.  Née à Paris, je peux vous conseiller des balades, des sorties ou des restos.  metro porte de bagnolet ligne 3,  tramway ligne 3b,  bus 76 N'hésitez pas à me poser des questions!
20509	- Roof top terrace 70m2 with pergola, plancha, flowers and shrubs - 1 bedroom with king size bed (160 x 200 cm) - 1 guest room with sofa bed (140 x 190 cm)	Modern, quiet and cosy 90m2 flat  with 70m2 roof top terrace Close to famous Pere Lachaise cemetery,  Gambetta station (line 3) 4 adultes, 1 baby extra double mattres available in the baby room. Full equipped. 2 friendly cats to feed. - Roof top terrace 70m2 with pergola, plancha, flowers and shrubs - 1 bedroom with king size bed (160 x 200 cm) - 1 guest room with sofa bed (140 x 190 cm) You will find all the commodities at less than 5 mn walking: - 2 nice boulangeries with amazing baguettes - 2 convenient stores + 1 organics store - many banks - taxi station - 1 pharmancy - marketplace on wednesday morning and saturday morning (you can find the best auvergnat cheeses) 5 min walking to subway line 3 (Gambetta) > only 15 mn to the center of Paris  many bus lines 1 week minimum stay 
20510	This flat is in harmony with the nature. It's peaceful and clean. Good to break with the noise and agitation of the city. The district is full of life : bistrots, music, markets.. It's close to République, le Marais, Père la Chaise, Gambetta.. 	This flat is like the first floor of a house in the countryside. Five windows on a super calm garden. It has just been renewed, it's all fresh and white, peacefull with nothing but the singing of birds.. The district of Ménilmontant is full of life. This flat is in harmony with the nature. It's peaceful and clean. Good to break with the noise and agitation of the city. The district is full of life : bistrots, music, markets.. It's close to République, le Marais, Père la Chaise, Gambetta.. The whole flat is accessible. Super available for advise, insights, good adresses etc.. Art galeries, concert places, lots of cool bistrots and terrasses, beautiful arty streets and Belleville famous chinese district.  Metro 3 : Gambetta Metro 2 : Ménilmontant Bus 96 : Henri Chevreau There is one bed room with a big bed. And one sofa in the living room.
20511	The view is quiet impressive as we live on the sixth floor and we have no taller buildings in front of us. So you can see the Sacré-Coeur, Tour Eiffel and La Tour Montparnasse. We have a big livingroom with a lot of sunshine getting in. The area is typically parisian and popular, full of restaurants and cafés. The actual highest hill of Paris is near so you get a suprising view far from the touristy places.	Very close to the Père-Lachaise cimetery and station, in the typical parisian district of Ménilmontant, we offer you a 13m² bedroom with its beside bathroom. The flat is big, this has a balcony with a view of the Sacré-Coeur and la Tour Eiffel. The view is quiet impressive as we live on the sixth floor and we have no taller buildings in front of us. So you can see the Sacré-Coeur, Tour Eiffel and La Tour Montparnasse. We have a big livingroom with a lot of sunshine getting in. The area is typically parisian and popular, full of restaurants and cafés. The actual highest hill of Paris is near so you get a suprising view far from the touristy places. You will get a extra bathroom on your own. Nearly everything would be shared. We would be glad to invite you and share breakfasts. We like talking about trips as we love travelling and meet new people. Greenspaces such as the famous Cimetery of Père Lachaise, Jardin de Belleville, les Buttes-Chaumont, La Petite-Ceinture and lots of others. Th
20512	No noise , apartment courtyard , cozy and equipped	An apartment of 42 m2 with a bedroom with a double bed and small dressing room , a small children's room with a single bed, a living room / kitchen with a sofa bed for 2 people and a small room handy shower. No noise , apartment courtyard , cozy and equipped TV, Internet , hair dryer, towels and sheets , kitchen equipment Home Live in the apartment Lively and Pere Lachaise Ménilmontant , local shops , small market on Saturday morning 2 minutes walk from the Metro Gambetta (line 3) 15 minutes by subway from the Opera district 10 minutes by subway from the Republic Square 5 minutes walk from Père Lachaise Tram 10 minutes to go stand in the Vincennes forest or go to Philarmonie door of La Villette A small child's room can be made with a availabilty surélévé bed 90x190 ( rate + 15 €)
20513	Appartement bien équipé, calme,lumineux, proche des transports. Cadre magnifique dans une résidence propre avec une architecture exceptionnelle. Terrasse exposée plein sud.	3 pièces tout équipé et proche des transports avec une terrasse.Le cadre est exceptionnel, calme et lumineux. Une chambre parentale avec un lit 2 personnes. Une chambre avec 2 lits simple. Un salon avec un clic clac très confortable et un canapé. Appartement bien équipé, calme,lumineux, proche des transports. Cadre magnifique dans une résidence propre avec une architecture exceptionnelle. Terrasse exposée plein sud. Accès à tout l'appartement Je suis disponible pour vous aider pendant votre séjour. Le quartier est très agréable avec de nombreux cafés et restaurants. Plusieurs commerces se trouvent aux alentours Proche des transports. Métro Buzenval,ligne 9 ; Avron, ligne 2; Nation, lignes 6,1, et 9. RER  A Nation. Je recherche des personnes respectueuses.
20514	A somewhat atypical setup, with one bedroom, a dressing, bathroom with shower, separate wc, a small furnished kitchen and living room. Located at the first floor, the bedroom and living room windows open on a garden you have access to.	My cool and comfortable 325 sqf apartment overlooking a garden has a nice parisian feeling, with high ceilings, hardwood floors and a fireplace in the cutest bedroom. It fits two and is located in a great lively neighborhood. A somewhat atypical setup, with one bedroom, a dressing, bathroom with shower, separate wc, a small furnished kitchen and living room. Located at the first floor, the bedroom and living room windows open on a garden you have access to. You will have access to everything and can use all amenities in the apartment, guitars and projector included. I will be travelling during your stay but my brother or a friend will welcome you and be your host. They know Paris very well. The neighborhood is quite lively and popular. Being close to Jourdain, Ménilmontant and Gambetta, there are many bars, restaurants (my favorite's the delicious french-thaï fusion at l'Échapée) music venues (have a go at la Belleviloise, a historic monument) and parks around, and you can feel the gen
20515	It is fully equipped: -comfy bed for 2 people  - Fully equipped kitchen with coffee machine, cooktop, kettle & toaster, kitchen utensils and dishes -bathroom  -Fast wifi  -Bed linen are provided - washing machine - Individuall heating  - Iron and Iron board  - Hair Dryer The apartment is fully private and guests will have it all to themselves	Welcome! Nice apartment in the heart of Belleville, 5 mins walking from the metro station Jourdain, and with everything you need on your doorstep; grocery stores, restaurants, markets, park etc.. The street has few traffic, so it is really quiet, y It is fully equipped: -comfy bed for 2 people  - Fully equipped kitchen with coffee machine, cooktop, kettle & toaster, kitchen utensils and dishes -bathroom  -Fast wifi  -Bed linen are provided - washing machine - Individuall heating  - Iron and Iron board  - Hair Dryer The apartment is fully private and guests will have it all to themselves You will have one separate bedroom, one bathroom and one living room with the kitchen. Upon your arrival I will meet you at the rental, check-you in, give you the keys, a document with all details concerning apartment and the transport, and tell you about the neighborhood and the whole area for orientation and tips. Nice apartment in the heart of Belleville, 5 mins walking from the metro station Jourdai
20516	Nous mettons à votre disposition une chambre très lumineuse avec un lit canapé. Celui-ci pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Cette chambre étant le seul accès à la salle de bain nous ne proposons que de courts séjours, même si la chambre est bien aménagée. Très facile d'accès avec le métro au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux restaurants et quartier très populaire avec possibilité de faire ses courses presque à toute heure !	Si vous êtes de passage à Paris entre deux avions ou pour une réunion, cette chambre très lumineuse sera parfaite pour vous ! Peut loger deux personnes, très facile d 'accès avec le métro au pied de l'immeuble !  Nous mettons à votre disposition une chambre très lumineuse avec un lit canapé. Celui-ci pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes. Cette chambre étant le seul accès à la salle de bain nous ne proposons que de courts séjours, même si la chambre est bien aménagée. Très facile d'accès avec le métro au pied de l'immeuble. Nombreux restaurants et quartier très populaire avec possibilité de faire ses courses presque à toute heure ! Vous aurez accès à votre chambre, le reste du logement sera partagé (la cuisine américaine, salon, salle de bain). Le plus agréable étant de partager le dîner ou le petit déjeuner, voire les deux, mais laissons bien sûr le choix aux personnes de faire leur vie de leur côté. Menilmontant est un quartier populaire qui a une vraie âme, une vraie vie de quartie
20517	logement en plein coeur de Paris, dans une impasse privée, donc très très calme. Au premier étage, donnant sur une petite cour privative, vous aurez les avantages d'être comme à la campagne au milieu d'un quartier très vivant. Un havre de paix, avec un voisinage très accueillant. 	Appartement charmant 1 pièce dans impasse privée, très calme, donnant sur cour privative... la campagne à Paris! quartier vivant, 2mn de Père-Lachaise - restos, cafés, magasins à proximité - centre à 20mn transports:métro 2 / bus 76/26/64 logement en plein coeur de Paris, dans une impasse privée, donc très très calme. Au premier étage, donnant sur une petite cour privative, vous aurez les avantages d'être comme à la campagne au milieu d'un quartier très vivant. Un havre de paix, avec un voisinage très accueillant. vous aurez accès à un appartement indépendant: une chambre, une cuisine et une salle de bain. notre appartement se situe sur le même palier, en face en cas de problème, ou pour tout renseignement, nous sommes donc joignables directement si nous sommes là, il suffit de frapper à la porte! à 2 pas, le magnifique cimetière du Père-Lachaise quartier très vivant! avec de bons petits restaurants pas trop chers, bistrots typiquement français, deux marchés (un bd de Charonne les jeud
20518	Mon studio vous accueillera chaleureusement si vous privilégiez la décontraction au luxe aseptisé. Ici c'est plutôt cool, à mon image et à l'image de mon quartier. J'ai d'ailleurs de très bonnes adresses à vous recommander à 2 pas de chez moi pour boire un verre ou diner . La fenêtre de l'appartement donne sur un jardin intérieur très calme d'où vous entendez les oiseaux gazouiller.	Studio de 35m² avec un lit 2 places et un canapé lit 2 places à l'ambiance ethnique et chaleureux donnant sur un jardin très calme. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire et comprend les toilettes. Petite cuisine séparée. Parking  privé disponible. Mon studio vous accueillera chaleureusement si vous privilégiez la décontraction au luxe aseptisé. Ici c'est plutôt cool, à mon image et à l'image de mon quartier. J'ai d'ailleurs de très bonnes adresses à vous recommander à 2 pas de chez moi pour boire un verre ou diner . La fenêtre de l'appartement donne sur un jardin intérieur très calme d'où vous entendez les oiseaux gazouiller. La cuisine est totalement à disposition des locataires mais elle est trop petite pour y manger. Des draps seront à disposition mais je préfère ne Pas fournir les serviettes de toilettes si possible. Les placards ne sont pas disponibles aux locataires sauf pour location de longue durée. J'aime échanger et partager avec mes locataires, les mettre à l'aise et les 
20519	Cet appartement est très clair et situé dans un résidence avec un grand parc arboré et des aires de jeux pour enfants.  Un parking gratuit est disponible dans l'ensemble de la résidence mais les places ne sont pas attitrées (badge à commander à l'arrivée auprès du gardien) 	Appartement cosy de 78 m², situé dans le 20e arrondissement de Paris, dans le quartier Saint Fargeau, proche de Gambetta, au 8ème étage. Meublé avec style, très bon état. Belle vue sur grand parc et jardins. Calme.  Tramway T3 au pied de l'immeuble, métro ligne 11 à 7 minutes à pied et métro ligne 3 bis à 4 minutes. Centre de Paris en 10 minutes de métro. Il peut accueillir de 2 à 6 personnes.   Parfaitement équipé de tous les appareils nécessaires. Wifi débit illimité. Cet appartement est très clair et situé dans un résidence avec un grand parc arboré et des aires de jeux pour enfants.  Un parking gratuit est disponible dans l'ensemble de la résidence mais les places ne sont pas attitrées (badge à commander à l'arrivée auprès du gardien) Les voyageurs auront accès à tout le logement. Je travaille à côté de cet appartement et peut me rendre disponible très rapidement. Le quartier est calme, vivant et proche de tous commerces . Il y a de nombreux restaurants à proximité. Une station vél
20520	Au calme au cœur de la vie parisienne.	Nous louons une grande chambre avec sa salle de bain et ses toilettes privés dans un grand duplex ( nous vivons en couple avec Abou le chat). Le quartier est vivant et assez central, nous sommes à 5 min du métro Belleville et à 2 min du parc de Belleville. Au calme au cœur de la vie parisienne. Wifi, ascenseur, possibilité de parking souterrain ( en prévenant suffisamment à l'avance), accessible handicapé. Nous vivons dans le quartier depuis plus de 20 ans, et sommes disposés à vous conseiller ou à  vous diriger. Belleville et Ménilmontant proposent une autre facette de la capitale. Le quartier cosmopolite de Belleville charme par sa diversité : un parc dont le belvédère offre une vue panoramique du centre de Paris, une vie artistique pleine de dynamisme, un grand marché découvert… Le « village » de Ménilmontant quant à lui invite à déambuler au cœur de ses ruelles étroites, à pousser les portes de ses ateliers d’artistes, bref découvrir un Paris authentique et populaire. Ligne 2 couro
20521	Studio original, conçu par architecte	Studio original, conçu par architecte TV, internet, literie, serviettes, ustensiles cuisine... si besoin de plus de renseignements à 5mn des metro Jourdain, place des fetes et télégraphe. Différents bus : les 26, 60
20522		Newly decorated studio of 25m² offers a relaxing setting in one of the liveliest areas of Paris. Close to the metro station Alexandre Dumas, in 15 minute one can walk to the Bastille or get to city center by public transport.
20523	The apartment has a charm, it is bright, open room, including the Eiffel Tower hosts a beautiful sunset! The room is large, there is a computer available for travelers, TV with many DVDs. The kitchen is clean and functional (hotplates, small oven, dishwasher, large fridge). The bathroom has a shower, washing machine. I provide towels if you wish! The living room has a table for lunch and dinner, a Bose (speakers) iphone or ipod is available to listen to music, the sofa is big and comfortable .. All this is served by a large hallway with two small windows with views the sky!	Dear all ! My apartment is a one bedroom flat of 45m2 on the 4th floor street Ménilmontant. It has all the charm of the old (hardwood floors, moldings, fireplaces). It has a large bedroom with a view of the Eiffel Tower! The apartment has a charm, it is bright, open room, including the Eiffel Tower hosts a beautiful sunset! The room is large, there is a computer available for travelers, TV with many DVDs. The kitchen is clean and functional (hotplates, small oven, dishwasher, large fridge). The bathroom has a shower, washing machine. I provide towels if you wish! The living room has a table for lunch and dinner, a Bose (speakers) iphone or ipod is available to listen to music, the sofa is big and comfortable .. All this is served by a large hallway with two small windows with views the sky! The apartment is located on the 4th floor without elevator,  door right. My apartment is located between Place de Ménilmontant and Rue des Pyrenees. The closest subways are Ménilmontants (line 2) or
20524	Studio is on last floor (with lift) so gets all the light and is wonderful to sit out on balcony for meals. Bed comfortably fits a couple. Flat screen TV has all of the BeinSport channels as well as international News. High speed wi-fi. Phone can be used for making local calls to both landlines and mobiles. Kitchen has a gas stove, fridge, coffee machine with milk frother, and a little table for 2. Feel free to eat/drink whatever is there. Toilet is separated from bathroom, which has an actual tub. Closet space available for your clothes. Plenty of books and comics to read if you want. Studio de 24m2 se situant au dernier etage avec ascenseur qui recoit donc plein de lumiere. Tres agreable de manger sur le balcon. Canape-lit confortable 2 (website hidden) ecran plat avec toutes les chaines BeinSports ainsi que les infos internationales. Wifi haut debit. Telephone peut etre utilise pour appels locaux sur postes fixes et mobiles. Cuisine equipee de cuisiniere a gaz, frigo, machine espres	Cosy 24m2 studio for 1 or 2 people with good-sized balcony. High-speed wifi, flat screen TV, phone, bathroom with tub, kitchen with gas stove. Everything located within easy walking distance. Studio is on last floor (with lift) so gets all the light and is wonderful to sit out on balcony for meals. Bed comfortably fits a couple. Flat screen TV has all of the BeinSport channels as well as international News. High speed wi-fi. Phone can be used for making local calls to both landlines and mobiles. Kitchen has a gas stove, fridge, coffee machine with milk frother, and a little table for 2. Feel free to eat/drink whatever is there. Toilet is separated from bathroom, which has an actual tub. Closet space available for your clothes. Plenty of books and comics to read if you want. Studio de 24m2 se situant au dernier etage avec ascenseur qui recoit donc plein de lumiere. Tres agreable de manger sur le balcon. Canape-lit confortable 2 (website hidden) ecran plat avec toutes les chaines BeinSpo
20525		Appartement spacieux calme et agreable, 55m2 , dans une rue silencieuse, tout en parquet et propre, proche cimetiere du pere lachaise et du quartier menilmontant, ideal pour un sejour dans la capitale.
20526	"Welcome in the  ""Campagne à Paris"", silent with no car noise (totally unic in Paris!) in my 34m2 Full equiped flat Very quiet and bright opens on to a south facing garden with small houses very typical, newly-renovated The capacity of the flat is 3 persons open kitchen, washing machine, oven, Internet wifi.  Bed linen and towels provided.  On the bathroom, there is a bath tube.  140x190cm sized bed Cleaning fees are not included. I just ask you to leave the apartment the way you found it when you checked in it's on the first floor so no problem for your heavy bags Near Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Belleville, Oberkampf & Menilmontant (popular Paris). located beetween three metro lines ( lines 2, 3 and 11 ): gambetta, ménilmontant and jourdain , direct from Gare du Nord or Châtelet (15 minutes) The neighbourhood is residential, so it's safe and friendly with food shops, markets, a lot of restaurants and bar. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. I will be glad to welcome you an"	"Welcome to my flat, equipped kitchen, redone and new furnitures, very near from 3 metro stations (gambetta, jourdain, menilmontant),  residential neighbourhood, from with all around: supermarket, bars, restaurants, tasty food shops  Welcome in the  ""Campagne à Paris"", silent with no car noise (totally unic in Paris!) in my 34m2 Full equiped flat Very quiet and bright opens on to a south facing garden with small houses very typical, newly-renovated The capacity of the flat is 3 persons open kitchen, washing machine, oven, Internet wifi.  Bed linen and towels provided.  On the bathroom, there is a bath tube.  140x190cm sized bed Cleaning fees are not included. I just ask you to leave the apartment the way you found it when you checked in it's on the first floor so no problem for your heavy bags Near Pere Lachaise Cemetery, Belleville, Oberkampf & Menilmontant (popular Paris). located beetween three metro lines ( lines 2, 3 and 11 ): gambetta, ménilmontant and jourdain , direct from Gare "
20527	32 m2 flat with all modern conveniences. 3rd floor with elevator. 2 minutes walk from place Gambetta and Père Lachaise. Fully equipped kitchen opened on the living room. Bedroom for 2, bathroom and toilets. Located 2 minutes walks from Gambetta station and Père Lachaine station.	Charming and cosy flat to rent in the center of Paris, located in the Père Lachaise area, in a quiet street with few traffic. Perfect for 2 people. Fully equipped kitchen, bedroom for 2, large living room.  2 minutes walk from the metro station.   32 m2 flat with all modern conveniences. 3rd floor with elevator. 2 minutes walk from place Gambetta and Père Lachaise. Fully equipped kitchen opened on the living room. Bedroom for 2, bathroom and toilets. Located 2 minutes walks from Gambetta station and Père Lachaine station. All rooms at your disposal. Washing machine, hair-dryer, ironing-board, towels and big cupborad. internet and wifi. I live in Paris, i am at your disposal and you can reach me anytime. I would be happy to you give some advices for some nice bar and restaurants, museums etc, to make your stay unforgettable !  line 3 Gambetta station or line 2 Père Lachaise station
20528	Typical Parisian 1 room studio in calm and original neighbourhood. Smart and practical. I furnished it with love and its cosy and tiny, ideal for one person, but possible for 2 ;-)  ! Bathroom is inside! You will be sleeping on a good sofa bed that can open up for two, what else, just ask.	The Building is in front of park de Belleville, Paris XXeme.The apartment is quietly located in the court yard on the 1rst floor. Perfect to chill out. The neighbourhood has the best bakery and restaurant with view and few cars in the arrondissement. Typical Parisian 1 room studio in calm and original neighbourhood. Smart and practical. I furnished it with love and its cosy and tiny, ideal for one person, but possible for 2 ;-)  ! Bathroom is inside! You will be sleeping on a good sofa bed that can open up for two, what else, just ask. All equipment is fully accessible to the visitor, as kitchen utilities and high speed internet access. You can have all privacy needed after a long day in Paris. The studio will be entirely up to the visitor, while I am abroad. That means you will get in touch with me or my friend to arrange a save arrival, or I will leave the keys accessible in my preferred restaurant, so that the check in time doesn't really matter besides the opening hours of the rest
20529		Appartement dans immeuble ancien pour 3pers tout confort. Situé près des transports en commun entre Porte de Montreuil et Métro Maraicher, à 15mn du Père Lachaise. Commerce de proximité ouvert tard. 
20530	In a typical quarter of Paris, you will find all you need in the neighbourhood : supermarket, bakery, butcher and also a market on wednesday and sunday.  This appartment is equiped of mostly everything : micro wave, fridge, washing machin, wifi, internet, computer, TV, air driyer... even an eletric barbecue for the terrasse and a hammock! Towels sheets, shower gel are also included.	5 minutes from 2 différent métro stations, this cosy appartment of 25 square meter + terrasse is located in a pieceful part of Paris. 5 minutes from the famous Père Lachaise cimetery and 25 min by metro to the ultra center of the capital. In a typical quarter of Paris, you will find all you need in the neighbourhood : supermarket, bakery, butcher and also a market on wednesday and sunday.  This appartment is equiped of mostly everything : micro wave, fridge, washing machin, wifi, internet, computer, TV, air driyer... even an eletric barbecue for the terrasse and a hammock! Towels sheets, shower gel are also included. My appartment is located on the fisrt floor with an elevator. It's very quiet on the courtyard side. Isolation is very good so you won't hear anything from the neighbours. My sister is living in the same steet so we can come easily to help you if you have any problem. We can also give you informations about Paris if you have any question or also make a reservation to book 
20531	Quiet appartment, very sunny, very airy and pleasant courtyard, discret and very friendly neighbors, area 35 sqm. Bathroom with bathtub. Airy kitchen corner.	Currently AVAILABLE 23/06 to 30/06 ans 3/07 to 14/07! Very nice little 2 rooms on the 2nd, in a small building, close to shop,subway lines 2, 9, RER A, for couple with child(ren) - sleeps 2 -  facing south-east, on paved and green courtyard. Quiet appartment, very sunny, very airy and pleasant courtyard, discret and very friendly neighbors, area 35 sqm. Bathroom with bathtub. Airy kitchen corner. Access to everything in the apartment (oven, TV, internet, home linen, washing machine) - After use, maintenance required. I wish to exchange upstream of the passengers' stay as much as possible by Airbnb first then mail or text message. I am ready to answer any questions they have. I offer my apartment on time when I'm away so I prefer having exchanged as much information necessary for the hospitality that I offer. Quiet and busy at the same time, sunny area Planchat street, between the Boulevard de Charonne and 2 minutes walk from Père Lachaise Cemetery. Very commercial, small cafe and resta
20532	Hello everybody! private apartment at great Nation, east of Paris center! great location and comfort, added to a great privacy, a place of your own, with everything You Need. 1st floor-Belle Exhibition (1st floor, great sun) Beautiful room-Double bed 2 beds, dresser, closet (big bed for 2 persons) Kitchen-plates, microwave, refrigerator, table, etc .... (Kitchen with everything you need) bathroom and toilet, washbasin and shower (bathroom with shower) District Building quiet living, shopping and well connected to Nation (9,6,2,1 metro, RER, bus number) (all kind of metro lines, RER and nozzles running there) Hello everybody! great private appartment at Nation, center east of Paris! great location and comfort, added to a great privacy, a place of your own, with everything you need. Appartement au 1er étage-Belle Exposition (1st floor, great sun) Belle chambre-Grand lit 2 places, commode, placards (big bed for 2 persons) Cuisine équipée-plaques, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, table…etc. (kit	Hello everybody! private apartment at great Nation, east of Paris center! great location and comfort, added to a great privacy, a place of your own, with everything You Need. 1st floor-Belle Exhibition (1st floor, great sun) Beautiful room-Double bed 2 beds, dresser, closet (big bed for 2 persons) Kitchen-plates, microwave, refrigerator, table, etc .... (Kitchen with everything you need) bathroom and toilet, washbasin and shower (bathroom with shower) District Building quiet living, shopping and well connected to Nation (9,6,2,1 metro, RER, bus number) (all kind of metro lines, RER and nozzles running there) Hello everybody! great private appartment at Nation, center east of Paris! great location and comfort, added to a great privacy, a place of your own, with everything you need. Appartement au 1er étage-Belle Exposition (1st floor, great sun) Belle chambre-Grand lit 2 places, commode, placards (big bed for 2 persons) Cuisine équipée-plaques, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, table…etc. (kit
20533	Bonjour ! Je mets à disposition mon appartement pour vos week-ends.  Il est situé dans un quartier très animé et proche de toutes les commodités. L’appartement est tout équipé, très confortable et douillé !  Seule particularité, mon petit chat restera vous tenir compagnie ! Pour les amateurs de câlins félins, vous serez comblés. Pour les non initiés, ne vous inquiétez pas, le chat n’aura pas besoin de serviteur ! ;) Hi ! My appartment is available for your week-end. It is located in a lively area and close to every thing (transportation, bar, cafe, supermarket, …). The appartment have all the modern conveniences.  Only one distinctive feature is my Cat, she will stay with you but don’t worry, she’s very sweet and will be independent.	Appartement avec coin nuit, 30m2, très lumineux, fleuri, tout équipé, en plein de cœur de Belleville. Bonjour ! Je mets à disposition mon appartement pour vos week-ends.  Il est situé dans un quartier très animé et proche de toutes les commodités. L’appartement est tout équipé, très confortable et douillé !  Seule particularité, mon petit chat restera vous tenir compagnie ! Pour les amateurs de câlins félins, vous serez comblés. Pour les non initiés, ne vous inquiétez pas, le chat n’aura pas besoin de serviteur ! ;) Hi ! My appartment is available for your week-end. It is located in a lively area and close to every thing (transportation, bar, cafe, supermarket, …). The appartment have all the modern conveniences.  Only one distinctive feature is my Cat, she will stay with you but don’t worry, she’s very sweet and will be independent. Accès au logement entier. Vous serez totalement indépendants.  Frigo, plaques électriques, four, micro-onde, grille-pain, lave-linge, douche à l’italienne
20534	Ce logement, donnant sur un patio végétalisé, comprend une véranda agréable qui permet de profiter pleinement de la lumière extérieure.	Ce grand studio, situé près du lotissement historique de la Campagne à Paris, proche de tous les transport, comprend une véranda aménagée en salon. Possibilité de coucher 4 personnes. Ce logement, donnant sur un patio végétalisé, comprend une véranda agréable qui permet de profiter pleinement de la lumière extérieure. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. A côté du lotissement historique de la « Campagne à Paris » et proche du cimetière , ce quartier est doté de tous les commerces, banques et d’une poste, d’un grand marché le mercredi et le samedi matin, d’un cinéma, et d’un réseau de transport à proximité : métro ligne 3, tramway T bis,  bus de jour , bus de nuit. Métro ligne 3, tramway T 3 bis,  bus de jour ( porte de Bagnolet :ligne 76 direction Louvre-Rivoli, Gambetta : ligne 61 Gare d’Austerlitz, ligne 69 champs de Mars ), Noctilien bus de nuit (ligne N142 : gare de l’Est, ligne N16 : Chatelet et gare de Lyon, ligne N16 : Gare de Lyon).
20535		Profitez de tout le dynamisme du quartier de Ménilmonant dans un studio tout équipé, calme et lumineux. A deux pas des restaurants, des bars, de la Belleviloise, proche des métros L2, 3 et 11. Vivez l'ambiance du vrai Paris des Parisiens !  Accès possible à une machine à laver et à un sèche linge. Du matériel de puériculture peut être mis à disposition.  Quartier vivant et dynamique. Avec de nombreux commerces ouverts tard le soir.  Métro ligne 2, 3 et 11,  Bus 96 
20536	1 bedroom, 2 living/studio rooms (1 can be made into a bedroom) in a beautiful flat located in the 20th district (East) on the edge of the famous Pere Lachaise Cemetary. Is perfect for 1 or two people. Sometimes 3. I now have a 11 month year old kitty named Cucu Malibu who I occasionally need assistance with. She is very calm, extremely cuddly and a real joy to have around. She is not demanding with food or possess any kind of special allergies or express pickiness.  Now, on to the apartment, it includes: 1st floor w/ elevator and postbox in entry60m2, Hardwood floor 1 bedroom, 2 living/studio rooms = 3 rooms 2 studio rooms - typical french style open doors1 kitchen (with lots of storage area)1 bathroom shower 1 watercloset (WC) 1 hall 1 fireplace w/large mirror 1 daybed  1 grand-armoire/ 1 wood drawer unit 1 IMAC computer w/Canon printer 2 desks 1 filing cabinet plus miscellaneous office furniture 1 small cable TV 1 bedroom Windows throughout the apartment = 5 total. Full of sun all d	1 bedroom, 2 living/studio rooms (1 can be made into a bedroom) in a beautiful flat located in the 20th district (East) on the edge of the famous Pere Lachaise Cemetary. Is perfect for 1 or two people. Sometimes 3. I now have a 11 month year old kitty named Cucu Malibu who I occasionally need assistance with. She is very calm, extremely cuddly and a real joy to have around. She is not demanding with food or possess any kind of special allergies or express pickiness.  Now, on to the apartment, it includes: 1st floor w/ elevator and postbox in entry60m2, Hardwood floor 1 bedroom, 2 living/studio rooms = 3 rooms 2 studio rooms - typical french style open doors1 kitchen (with lots of storage area)1 bathroom shower 1 watercloset (WC) 1 hall 1 fireplace w/large mirror 1 daybed  1 grand-armoire/ 1 wood drawer unit 1 IMAC computer w/Canon printer 2 desks 1 filing cabinet plus miscellaneous office furniture 1 small cable TV 1 bedroom Windows throughout the apartment = 5 total. Full of sun all d
20537	Accommodates 4-6. Two big double beds and large living room with air mattress and couch.	Spacious and bright apartment located between the 11th and 20th districts in Paris. Next door to famous Pere Lachaise. 10-15 minutes walk from Bastille or Belleville. Well connected by public transport/bike to all major Paris attractions. Sleeps 4-6. Accommodates 4-6. Two big double beds and large living room with air mattress and couch. Guests will have access to the full apartment including two bedrooms, living room, bathroom, toilet, kitchen. Access is secure in code protected building. Someone will be available to meet you and give you the keys and house information on your date and time of arrival. There will also be a person in Paris who is available at any time by email or phone should you have any questions or concerns during your stay. Located 1 min walk from a metro station (Philippe Auguste, line 2) and 5 min walk from Pere Lachaise metro station (line 2 and line 3)- these metro lines connect straight (15 min) to the centre of Paris and also to areas such as Montmartre (Sacr
20538	Two fun and open guy friends welcome tourists in a three bedroom apartment. One private room available in its own section of the apartment with a separate bathroom.	Hello, we are two roommates in a three bed room apartment and one of the private rooms is available on week ends! 1 bed plus one inflatable bed possible.  Two fun and open guy friends welcome tourists in a three bedroom apartment. One private room available in its own section of the apartment with a separate bathroom. INTERNET, private shower and breakfast.  We interact with guests as much as they like. Tips on going out, diner and drinks if they wish.  The neighbourhood is right next to the Pere-lachaise sementary. Down to earth, shops, restaurants with terraces and small bars.  There are several metro lines that are about 5 min away. The main one is Line 2, Alexandre Dumas.  gay friendly 
20539	Bright and nice apartment.	Bright and nice apartment. Near Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de la Villette. 15 min from Canal Saint-Martin, 20 minutes from Montmartre and Châtelet. I remain always available for information on the city. Quiet. All shops around. Village atmosphere with narrow streets and passages. Métro ligne 11, Bus 96, 61. Tram 3b.  Long term renting possible.
20540	Atelier de 50m2, près de l'ancienne Gare de Ménilmontant dans un quartier typique, bel espace lumineux avec hauteur sous plafond, agencé en deux pièces, avec petite cour, une chambre en mezzanine et un canapé lit, cuisine équipée, douche, wc séparés. Bel espace, atypique et rare, de type ancienne boutique sur rue piétonne. Pour de 2 à 4 personnes. Couples ou famille.  En deux parties = A l'avant, 30m2 de parquet à l'ancienne, sous 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond : salon canapé lit cuir, fauteuil cuir, table à diner et ou  bureau.  A L'arrière, deux petites pièces, parquet au sol au rez de chaussée : une petite cuisine équipée, une douche, des toilettes séparés. Au dessus, une mezzanine avec un lit deux places sur sommier tatami et matelas futon.  C'est un open space : les espaces sont séparés par des rideaux coulissants. Au fond de la cuisine, une porte fenêtre donne un accès à une petite cour intérieure (pour les fumeurs). PORTE ENTREE = Code extérieur porte immeuble Bip pour passer la p	Atelier de 50m2, près de l'ancienne Gare de Ménilmontant dans un quartier typique, bel espace lumineux avec hauteur sous plafond, agencé en deux pièces, avec petite cour, une chambre en mezzanine et un canapé lit, cuisine équipée, douche, wc séparés. Atelier de 50m2, près de l'ancienne Gare de Ménilmontant dans un quartier typique, bel espace lumineux avec hauteur sous plafond, agencé en deux pièces, avec petite cour, une chambre en mezzanine et un canapé lit, cuisine équipée, douche, wc séparés. Bel espace, atypique et rare, de type ancienne boutique sur rue piétonne. Pour de 2 à 4 personnes. Couples ou famille.  En deux parties = A l'avant, 30m2 de parquet à l'ancienne, sous 3m50 de hauteur sous plafond : salon canapé lit cuir, fauteuil cuir, table à diner et ou  bureau.  A L'arrière, deux petites pièces, parquet au sol au rez de chaussée : une petite cuisine équipée, une douche, des toilettes séparés. Au dessus, une mezzanine avec un lit deux places sur sommier tatami et matelas fut
20541	This charming two-bedroom with fitted directly overlooking a private garden terrace in a secure 50 m from St Fargeau metro residence,15 minutes from the bustling center of Paris, is perfect for a quiet and unworried break. The 55 m2 apartment is on the ground floo rof a modern builing within a gated community,overlooking a private garden and without opposite direct , 50 meters from metro station saint-Fargeau . It consists of a large living-room, a bedroom, a separate kitchen, a bathroom with bath, and a terrace of 18 m2. Decorated with furnitures and gleaned worldwide objets ,it is very functional. You can find various kitchen equipment ( traditional oven, microwave oven,induction cooker,blender,toaster,electric kettle) and use it like at home! Free wifi access. You can enjoy the terrace on a long or you may y prefer outdoor dining chair. DVD library is at your disposal and a large library with many photography books . The 17m2 room and kitchen,bathroom dining-room and terrace access,	Ce deux- pièces accueillant avec terrasse aménagée donnant directement  sur un jardin  privé au sein d'une résidence sécurisée à 50 m du métro St-Fargeau ,à 15 minutes du tumulte du centre de Paris,est idéal pour une pause calme et sereine. This charming two-bedroom with fitted directly overlooking a private garden terrace in a secure 50 m from St Fargeau metro residence,15 minutes from the bustling center of Paris, is perfect for a quiet and unworried break. The 55 m2 apartment is on the ground floo rof a modern builing within a gated community,overlooking a private garden and without opposite direct , 50 meters from metro station saint-Fargeau . It consists of a large living-room, a bedroom, a separate kitchen, a bathroom with bath, and a terrace of 18 m2. Decorated with furnitures and gleaned worldwide objets ,it is very functional. You can find various kitchen equipment ( traditional oven, microwave oven,induction cooker,blender,toaster,electric kettle) and use it like at home! Fre
20542	The view is absolutely amazing and rare in Paris : you can see the sky from the bed! You need 10 seconds to be in the subway since it is at the feet of the building. It is not an ikea furbished apartment, each object and piece of furniture has been picked carefully. If you like the seventies, you may appreciate it!	I would be glad to accomodate you in my refurbished apartment with a great view on the sky. Fully equiped, large living room, nice bedroom and nice furniture, it is a great place to live. Great neighbourhood. The view is absolutely amazing and rare in Paris : you can see the sky from the bed! You need 10 seconds to be in the subway since it is at the feet of the building. It is not an ikea furbished apartment, each object and piece of furniture has been picked carefully. If you like the seventies, you may appreciate it! Of course, the entire place is yours. I've lived in Paris most of my life so I know very well the different neighborhoods. I'd be glad to help you and to recommand you my favorite places. Not touristic ones in general. And a lot of them near the apartment : so many nice little restaurants to try! And the best Parisian cafes you can imagine. 5 minutes walk, or sometimes less! Such a cool neighborhood! Many cafés, restaurants, little shops, but not chains! You won't go to
20543	Composé d'anciennes chambres de bonnes réunies en un seul appartement, le logement est traversant, très lumineux avec de grandes fenêtres dans chaque pièce, le parquet ancien donne un cachet supplémentaire. confortable et disposant de nombreux rangement, cet appartement, entièrement refait à neuf dispose d'une décoration est minimaliste qui donne une ambiance calme et reposante.  L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur.	"Profitez d'un beau 2 pièces de 55m2, lumineux dans un quartier vivant,  authentiquement parisien et très bien desservi (10mn de république en métro). Entre place Édith piaf et ""La campagne à Paris"", vous découvrirez un Paris chaleureux et romantique Composé d'anciennes chambres de bonnes réunies en un seul appartement, le logement est traversant, très lumineux avec de grandes fenêtres dans chaque pièce, le parquet ancien donne un cachet supplémentaire. confortable et disposant de nombreux rangement, cet appartement, entièrement refait à neuf dispose d'une décoration est minimaliste qui donne une ambiance calme et reposante.  L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Les voyageurs doivent se sentir chez eux! ils auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et à tous ses équipements ( cuisine entièrement équipée, machine à laver, salle de bain équipée avec sèche cheveux etc.). Le logement dispose aussi d'une connexion wifi. je reste à la disposition des voyageurs qui souhaitera"
20544	Beautiful flat located in the 20th Paris district. Avron/Charonne area (close to place de la Nation). 45m², 1st floor (no elevator).  Recently fully renovated. Bright. Great clearance. Wooden floor. Double glazing windows. Quiet street. Close to many shops and transports. Can comfortably welcome 1 to 2 persons in the living-room with sofa bed (with a real mattress!). This room will be all yours! Separated toilets, tiny (but lovely) bathroom with shower and sink and kitchen to share. Table with extensions. Fully equipped (WiFi, Ipad, Ipod and Iphone base for music, washing machine, hairdryer, TV, gas cooker, electric oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, filter coffee machine, kettle, fridge and freezer).	Beautiful flat located in the 20th Paris district.  Avron/Charonne area (close to place de la Nation), popular and nice. 1st floor (no elevator). Very close to many transports : - Buzenval station (line 9), 2 minutes walk - Avron station (ligne 2), 2 minutes walk - Nation station (lines 1, 2, 6 et 9 and RER A), 7 minutes walk
20545	Typically Parisian, quiet, bright and spacious apartment, decorated tastefully and being able to welcome 2 to 4 persons. He(It) is situated at the heart of Belleville, cosmopolitan and very alive district (concert halls, art galleries, coffee(café) friendly, theaters, restaurants any nationalities). It is also one of the Asian districts of Paris harmed(served) by subway lines 11 and 2, in 10 mn on foot of the Place(Square) of the republic and the Channel(Canal) t Martin, 20 mn on foot with Beaubourg, with the Swamp and with the Châtelet. In summer take advantage of the Park of the Buttes Chaumont or of that Belleville (just a step from the apartment) Picnic on grass insurant!	Typically Parisian, quiet, bright and spacious apartment, decorated tastefully, very well equipped and being able to welcome 2 to 4 people. It is situated at the heart of Belleville, cosmopolitan and very alive district … Typically Parisian, quiet, bright and spacious apartment, decorated tastefully and being able to welcome 2 to 4 persons. He(It) is situated at the heart of Belleville, cosmopolitan and very alive district (concert halls, art galleries, coffee(café) friendly, theaters, restaurants any nationalities). It is also one of the Asian districts of Paris harmed(served) by subway lines 11 and 2, in 10 mn on foot of the Place(Square) of the republic and the Channel(Canal) t Martin, 20 mn on foot with Beaubourg, with the Swamp and with the Châtelet. In summer take advantage of the Park of the Buttes Chaumont or of that Belleville (just a step from the apartment) Picnic on grass insurant! You have access to all the apartment. For an additional person I can give a room / office wit
20546	Small apartment located at the uppermost floor, gets direct sunlight all day long,  You will be 3 minutes walk from metro Pyrenees entrance line 11, 15 minutes metro +walk time from Hotel de Ville, Chatelet , Centre pompidou (metro Rambuteau) using line 11, metro Belleville line 2 about 7 minutes walk.  Fast internet / wifi, possibility of use of stereo (bluetooth). Eventually for 3rd guest, there is a convertible sofa.  The apartment is located in the North of Belleville, not far from Buttes-Chaumont parc, about 20 minutes walk from Pere Lachaise cemetery, many bars, restaurant, cultural-popular places areas such as Les Folies, Le cafe Cheri, bar Culture populaire, you will get a detailed map of the district upon arrival. The appartment is reachable with stairs only.	Freshly renovated apartment in a XIXth century building,  5 minutes walk from Metro pyrenees on line 11, with overview from the roofs of Paris, you will be 15 minutes from the center of Paris. Small apartment located at the uppermost floor, gets direct sunlight all day long,  You will be 3 minutes walk from metro Pyrenees entrance line 11, 15 minutes metro +walk time from Hotel de Ville, Chatelet , Centre pompidou (metro Rambuteau) using line 11, metro Belleville line 2 about 7 minutes walk.  Fast internet / wifi, possibility of use of stereo (bluetooth). Eventually for 3rd guest, there is a convertible sofa.  The apartment is located in the North of Belleville, not far from Buttes-Chaumont parc, about 20 minutes walk from Pere Lachaise cemetery, many bars, restaurant, cultural-popular places areas such as Les Folies, Le cafe Cheri, bar Culture populaire, you will get a detailed map of the district upon arrival. The appartment is reachable with stairs only. The whole apartment is avail
20547	At the 5th floor (no lift), the flat catches the sunlight all day long. You will feel at home during your Parisian journey !	Perfect for a family or a group of friends. One bedroom with 1 person bed, one platform bed for 2, one sofa-bed for2.. 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom. All included ! At the 5th floor (no lift), the flat catches the sunlight all day long. You will feel at home during your Parisian journey ! Any question you'll have, I will answer you by phone. If necessary, on friend will be able to come. Close from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery, from the Oberkampf Street, Belleville, Buttes Chaumont park, this place is one of the most living and young neighbourhoods of the city ! You will find many shops, bars, restaurants and clubs.. Many cheap places ! You can come to the flat by subway : Ménilmontant line 2, or Rue Saint-Maur line 3.
20548	We rent 55 meters square, clean, bright and practical flat in Paris. Located on the 5th floor with elevator, on a quiet courtyard, it will be your nest during your stay as a couple, with a child or even as two couples. The apartment consists of a bedroom, a dining room, a lounge, a fully-equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The room has a double bed (a real one, we changed the futon you can see on the pictures), we have moreover a double air mattress, which is really confortable, and the dining room has a sofa which can be used as a third bed for a child for example. It is decorated with taste and simplicity, it is spacious, and you'll feel good inside right when you'll arrive! Hope to see you stay at home soon !	Discover Paris in a clean, practical, large & bright apartment located between Buttes Chaumont Park and the Belleville Park, and a 1-minute walk from Metro Station (Jourdain Station on Line 11)! We rent 55 meters square, clean, bright and practical flat in Paris. Located on the 5th floor with elevator, on a quiet courtyard, it will be your nest during your stay as a couple, with a child or even as two couples. The apartment consists of a bedroom, a dining room, a lounge, a fully-equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The room has a double bed (a real one, we changed the futon you can see on the pictures), we have moreover a double air mattress, which is really confortable, and the dining room has a sofa which can be used as a third bed for a child for example. It is decorated with taste and simplicity, it is spacious, and you'll feel good inside right when you'll arrive! Hope to see you stay at home soon ! The neighborhood is very nice. The apartment is located equidistant from the famous Bu
20549	La chambre est spacieuse, très calme et lumineuse. Elle est indépendante de la chambre de ma colocataire. Idéale pour un couple ou pour trois personnes. Ce qui fait tout le charme de cette chambre, mis-à-part la déco haute en couleur de l'appartement, c'est bien entendu l'emplacement. On est à 15min à pied de République, le Canal Saint-Martin et Bastille. La ligne 2 du métro est juste en bas de la maison ainsi que la ligne 96 du bus. La ligne 11 est à 10min à Belleville et la ligne 3 à 10min à Rue Saint-Maur. Le quartier vaut vraiment le détour ! 	Un nid douillet, calme, lumineux et spacieux au cœur du magnifique quartier de Ménilmontant. Il suffit de traverser la rue pour changer d’arrondissement. Bars, cafés, restos, terrasses, boulangeries, épiceries, commerces... Tout est a proximité ! La chambre est spacieuse, très calme et lumineuse. Elle est indépendante de la chambre de ma colocataire. Idéale pour un couple ou pour trois personnes. Ce qui fait tout le charme de cette chambre, mis-à-part la déco haute en couleur de l'appartement, c'est bien entendu l'emplacement. On est à 15min à pied de République, le Canal Saint-Martin et Bastille. La ligne 2 du métro est juste en bas de la maison ainsi que la ligne 96 du bus. La ligne 11 est à 10min à Belleville et la ligne 3 à 10min à Rue Saint-Maur. Le quartier vaut vraiment le détour ! Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement c'est à dire la chambre, la cuisine, les toilettes, la douche. (Sauf la chambre de ma colocataire). Ils pourront aussi utiliser la machine à laver ainsi
20550	Located in the heart of the twentieth district the 2nd and last floor of a typical Parisian building, very quiet studio overlooking gardens. The pizzeria on the ground floor offers no nuisance to the inhabitants of the building. The apartment, with a high ceiling, fully renovated and decorated with care, is bathed in light through two windows overlooking the greenery and a southern exposure ... a little haven. In the living room, the night part is separated from the lounge by a half-height bulkhead. Thanks to an articulated arm, you can watch TV on the big screen from the living room or the bed You will have a comfortable king size bed 160x200. Dressing in the entrance and the night side. A small kitchen with courtyard window provides all the necessary equipment: dishwasher, refrigerator, 4 ring gas hob, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine. Bathroom with a walk-in shower, basin, towel radiator and sanitary.	Ideally located for a successful stay in Paris , you will feel good in this beautiful and bright studio quiet, not vis- à-vis, overlooking the countryside. Recently renovated and decorated with care , it is very comfortable for 2 people. Located in the heart of the twentieth district the 2nd and last floor of a typical Parisian building, very quiet studio overlooking gardens. The pizzeria on the ground floor offers no nuisance to the inhabitants of the building. The apartment, with a high ceiling, fully renovated and decorated with care, is bathed in light through two windows overlooking the greenery and a southern exposure ... a little haven. In the living room, the night part is separated from the lounge by a half-height bulkhead. Thanks to an articulated arm, you can watch TV on the big screen from the living room or the bed You will have a comfortable king size bed 160x200. Dressing in the entrance and the night side. A small kitchen with courtyard window provides all the necessary
20551	"It's a bright apartment with a view on a garden, which is quite rare in Paris!  The space to leave in is really pleasant. The district is near the touristic place ""Le père Lachaise"", and near a place call ""La campagne a Paris"" (the country in Paris)."	"Very bright apartment (38 square meter). It's a very functional place, with all confort and view on a garden! The place is about less than 5min to the metro, and in the district you can find restaurant, supermarket, anything you need! It's a bright apartment with a view on a garden, which is quite rare in Paris!  The space to leave in is really pleasant. The district is near the touristic place ""Le père Lachaise"", and near a place call ""La campagne a Paris"" (the country in Paris). Access to a entire confortable et fonctionnal apartment, please ask me if you have any questions. It's a very secure place, with a caretaker (who speak French or Portuguese) for your questions. I hope I will be there to give you the keys and discuss a little with you. If it's not the the case, the houseguard will be there, she doesn't speak english, but she is very kind!! The metro is about less than 5 min from the apartment, and you can find also bus and tram. Just around you will find goods restaurants, cin"
20552	"Located metro Jourdain, Studio of 34 m2, last floor with a panoramic view at 180° of Paris (except Eiffel Tower). Fully equiped (modern Kitchen, bathroom with airdryer, sofa, King size bed, flat screen, balcony) 10 minutes door to door to Republic station and 15 min to metro Chatelet (center of Paris) via direct metro line and Hotel de ville (close to Notre Dame) Jourdain Area is a great distric like a small village with his Church, and their top quality food shop (cheese, wine, the presidential bakery is also there and a few good small restaurants..), also 3 open air market/week. 10 min by foot to ""parc des buttes chaumont"" The flat is located at 7 min by foot  from the metro ; 3 bus station close to the flat and convenient (one direct to Nation, another direct to ""quais de Loire"") Parking available with no supplement, please specify if needed when booking Pick up an drop off possible at the airport or Railway station with supplement ; please email for availability Extra bed can be dr"	"Located metro Jourdain, Studio of 34 m2, last floor with a panoramic view at 180° of Paris (except Eiffel Tower). Fully equiped (modern Kitchen, bathroom with airdryer, sofa, King size bed, flat screen, balcony) 10 minutes door to door to Republic station and 15 min to metro Chatelet (center of Paris) via direct metro line and Hotel de ville (close to Notre Dame) Jourdain Area is a great distric like a small village with his Church, and their top quality food shop (cheese, wine, the presidential bakery is also there and a few good small restaurants..), also 3 open air market/week. 10 min by foot to ""parc des buttes chaumont"" The flat is located at 7 min by foot  from the metro ; 3 bus station close to the flat and convenient (one direct to Nation, another direct to ""quais de Loire"") Parking available with no supplement, please specify if needed when booking Pick up an drop off possible at the airport or Railway station with supplement ; please email for availability Extra bed can be dr"
20553		A spacious apartment of 40m2 located in the 20th Arrondissement near place de la Nation less than 2min from M9 Buzenval The apartment has a small kitchen, one bed, one sofa (convertible to a bed), a wardrobe and bathroom with a washing machine.
20554	Ideal location for exploring Paris (across from Pere Lachaise, near Bastille),  Refined décor and high-end,  Fully equipped.	This modern and high standing apartment of 53m2 is composed of: full equipped  kitchen/ terrace/ spacious living room/ Wi-Fi/ 2TV/ separate restroom and bathroom/bedroom queen size bed. Parking, supermarkets, metro and bus at the foot of building. Ideal location for exploring Paris (across from Pere Lachaise, near Bastille),  Refined décor and high-end,  Fully equipped. Parking secured included in the building. Personalized welcome,  Availability 24/24 for further information, help the program stay, reservations ... The area is quiet, opposite the Pere-Lachaise, but close to Bastille, thus providing easy access throughout Paris. Subway : Line 2 (Philippe Auguste station) in front of the apartment Bus : Lines 61, 69, 76 Vélib and Autolib : in front Taxi : in front
20555	La chambre donne sur cour, ainsi le calme est parfait à toute heure du jour ou de la nuit pourtant en plein coeur d'un quartier populaire ! !	Chambre de 12 m2 dans appartement de 67 m2 avec balcon sécurisé, tout confort, lit bébé possible, équipement bébé à dispo, proche de tous les commerces du charmant quartier Jourdain, du célèbre parc des Buttes Chaumont et de la ligne 11 du métro ! La chambre donne sur cour, ainsi le calme est parfait à toute heure du jour ou de la nuit pourtant en plein coeur d'un quartier populaire ! ! Je serai ravie d'échanger avec les voyageurs et de leur donner toutes les informations qui peuvent leur être utiles durant leur séjour ! Quartier vivant et agréable, proche de nombreux commerces et restaurants, à 10 minutes à pied du célèbre parc des Buttes Chaumont, et à 15 minutes en métro de Châtelet les Halles Métro ligne 11 station Jourdain Bus 26, 48 et 60 Possibilité d'ajouter un lit bébé dans la chambre. Tout le matériel est disponible pour les bébés / enfants (chaise haute, baignoire bébé, bavoirs, table à langer portative, poussette, etc...)
20556	Ce logement, rénové par un architecte se vit comme une maison, en plein cœur de Belleville.  Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le quartier est vivant, coloré, avec deux nombreux bars branchés et de jolis restaurants. La résidence de l'immeuble dispose d'un parc arboré et privé. La proximité du parc de Belleville à deux pas, permet de s'échapper dans la verdure et de profiter de la vue sur tout Paris. Au pied du métro Couronnes ligne 2 et du bus 96 qui emmène à Saint Germain des Prés. Le métro Belleville est à 5 minutes ligne 11, qui mène à Châtelet en 10 minutes.	Ce logement, rénové par un architecte se vit comme une maison, en plein cœur de Belleville.  Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le quartier est vivant, coloré, avec deux nombreux bars branchés et de jolis restaurants. La résidence de l'immeuble dispose d'un parc arboré et privé. La proximité du parc de Belleville à deux pas, permet de s'échapper dans la verdure et de profiter de la vue sur tout Paris. Au pied du métro Couronnes ligne 2 et du bus 96 qui emmène à Saint Germain des Prés. Le métro Belleville est à 5 minutes ligne 11, qui mène à Châtelet en 10 minutes.
20557	Both rooms of the apartment overlook the courtyard and the quiet is perfect any time of day or night, yet in the heart of a neighborhood ! Lively and pleasant district , close to many shops and restaurants , 10 minutes walk from the famous Parc des Buttes Chaumont, and 15 minutes by metro to Chatelet les Halles !	Apartment of 67 m2 with 10m2 balcony secure, comfortable, all equipped for children and babies, close to all the shops in the charming Jourdain's neighborhood, the famous Parc des Buttes Chaumont and the line 11 of the subway ! Both rooms of the apartment overlook the courtyard and the quiet is perfect any time of day or night, yet in the heart of a neighborhood ! Lively and pleasant district , close to many shops and restaurants , 10 minutes walk from the famous Parc des Buttes Chaumont, and 15 minutes by metro to Chatelet les Halles ! Wifi (fiber optic) TV Dishwasher Washing machine Hair dryer Microwave coffee maker Equipment for babies / kids Car Parking I plan to put my own key to travelers whenever possible, and to take the opportunity to tell them all my tips neighborhood and Paris ! Lively and pleasant district , close to many shops and restaurants , 10 minutes walk from the famous Parc des Buttes Chaumont, and 15 minutes by metro to Châtelet les Halles ! Metro Line 11 station J
20558		Charmant studio tout équipé, situé à deux pas de toutes commodités. Situé dans la quartier populaire et animé du 20ème arrondissement, studio dans résidence calme, vue sur cours intérieure, à deux pas de la Place de la Nation.
20559	Hello, I offer my apartment for rent. This is an apartment of 27m2, very well appointed, the room has a bed 2 places 1 office and storage space for your things. 1 bathroom with shower, and a small lounge with a kitchen and a sofa! It is located in the 20th arrondissement, a safe and lively neighborhood. Not far from the Place de la Nation and many transportation is available (RER, Metro, bus, tram) The street is my apartment has many restaurants, bars, coffee ... Père Lachaise and was buried Edith Piaf and many other celebrities is 3 metro stops away from me! Then the lines are available metro line 9 metro station buzenval, or 2 avron station. My apartment brings a touch of special charm, it is very bright and is located in the back of a courtyard so very quiet.	Charmant appartement au centre de Paris, dans le quartier bobo du 20ème arrondissement . Hello, I offer my apartment for rent. This is an apartment of 27m2, very well appointed, the room has a bed 2 places 1 office and storage space for your things. 1 bathroom with shower, and a small lounge with a kitchen and a sofa! It is located in the 20th arrondissement, a safe and lively neighborhood. Not far from the Place de la Nation and many transportation is available (RER, Metro, bus, tram) The street is my apartment has many restaurants, bars, coffee ... Père Lachaise and was buried Edith Piaf and many other celebrities is 3 metro stops away from me! Then the lines are available metro line 9 metro station buzenval, or 2 avron station. My apartment brings a touch of special charm, it is very bright and is located in the back of a courtyard so very quiet. Non, mais si ils ont besoin de moi pour des explications des conseils ect je reste a leur entière dusponibilité. Les restaurants , les bar
20560	Appartement situé à deux pas du Père Lachaise et des Buttes Chaumont, au 2ème étage d'une petite copropriété avec cour intérieure.  A 30 minutes de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle en taxi, mais aussi à 5 minutes à pied du métro (Gambetta, Père Lachaise) et de nombreuses lignes de bus, vous accéderez à tout Paris en moins de 30 minutes en transports en commun !! A vous la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, les théâtres parisiens, sa butte Montmartre et ses artistes ou encore le Moulin Rouge ou le Chateau de Versailles. L'appartement est composé d'un salon (canapé-lit confortable) avec grande cuisine ouverte, de deux chambres (dont une avec un lit enfant) et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Services : Internet, Television, Four, Micro-onde, serviette de bain, draps, lave linge, etc.A proximité : supermarché, café, restaurant, théâtre, marché ouvert, je vis ici et parle français, anglais et espagnol. Je serai ravi de vous aider à découvrir le quartier et la ville ! A bientôt Steve	Bel appartement situé à quelques minutes du Père Lachaise et du parc des Buttes Chaumont. 3 pièces tout confort avec parking sécurisé Appartement situé à deux pas du Père Lachaise et des Buttes Chaumont, au 2ème étage d'une petite copropriété avec cour intérieure.  A 30 minutes de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle en taxi, mais aussi à 5 minutes à pied du métro (Gambetta, Père Lachaise) et de nombreuses lignes de bus, vous accéderez à tout Paris en moins de 30 minutes en transports en commun !! A vous la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, les théâtres parisiens, sa butte Montmartre et ses artistes ou encore le Moulin Rouge ou le Chateau de Versailles. L'appartement est composé d'un salon (canapé-lit confortable) avec grande cuisine ouverte, de deux chambres (dont une avec un lit enfant) et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Services : Internet, Television, Four, Micro-onde, serviette de bain, draps, lave linge, etc.A proximité : supermarché, café, restaurant, théâtre, marché ouvert, je vis i
20561		Studio avec balcon dans résidence calme et surveillé. Situé dans Paris 20ème, il se situe à 5 min à pied du métro ligne 11 pour atteindre Châtelet en 10 min, centre de Paris.  Toutes commodités à proximité. Parc des Buttes Chaumont à 5 min à pied.
20562	Capacity of 4 people (bed + sofabed) Appartment : 36m²	Cosy and sunny studio in a quiet neighborhood with a garden, in Paris  Not far from Bastille, République, cimetière du Père la Chaise, Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Parc de Vincennes... Capacity of 4 people (bed + sofabed) Appartment : 36m² Access to the all apartment exept the cupboard with my private stuff Available to answer your request There is a market on thursday and saturday Cheap and cosy restaurant and bar  Subway 1,2,6 and 9 Tram Bus RER A
20563	Je vous propose d'occuper 2 chambres de mon appartement : avec une vue sur le sud de paris, vue magnifique avec le soleil couchant.	Situé à Paris 20e, mon appartement  de 95 m2 est très lumineux. Il domine Paris et la banlieue. Chaleureux, de type industriel et nordique, A 20 mn en métro du centre de Paris, il est localisé au milieu d'un parc privé très arboré. Je vous propose d'occuper 2 chambres de mon appartement : avec une vue sur le sud de paris, vue magnifique avec le soleil couchant. Vous aurez accès à deux chambres avec un lit double, 1 lit simple en mezzanine dans la deuxième chambre et un lit d'appoint éventuel. une salle de bains et des wc. Je serai présente et je pourrai vous aider pour découvrir Paris, en vous donnant des conseils sur cette ville que j'aime tant. Un quartier très calme, dans le XXe arrondissement, station de tram au pied de l'immeuble. Un bel espace vert au pied de la résidence. Le parc de la Villette avec la cité de la musique est accessible en 15 mn par le tramway. Restaurants, commerces à 10 mn à pieds. Station de tramway au pied de l'immeuble. Bus et métro à 7 mn à pieds.
20564	Very spacious and pleasant accommodation. It is brightened up all day long.	"Attractive apartment of 50 m ² with a balcony of 10 m².  The flat can welcome from 2 to 4 people cosily : 1 bed in the bedrom+ 1 sofabed in the leaving rom. American kitchen. Key point: 1 bathtub. Very spacious and pleasant accommodation. It is brightened up all day long. WIFI - You can cook - look at the television- smoking only on the  balcony We would try to answer you as possible as we can. lively area. It is in 10 minutes of ""the Parc des Buttes de Chaumont"" and ""the Parc de Belleville"". Many Supermarket, Butcher's shop, Cheese seller, scoops, Launderette. Lovely Pubs and Restaurant by by going down the ""rue de Belleville"". Métro ligne 11 : Jourdain et Place des fêtes à 5-10 minutes Bus 26 : station Ermitage à 5 minutes THE PLACE TO BE"
20565	"The ""campagne à Paris"" !  Charming, bright, 40 square meters apartment, as a loft, with a beautiful sunny terrace in a very quiet and green building, far from parisian agitation and trafic.  A real safe haven in the middle of ""La campagne à Paris"" neighborhood, I am sure you will appreciate after a busy visiting or shopping day :) - a night area with a double bed and a big dressing with space for you - a tv area with a big bow window for the terrace access and a couch which is also the second double bed - a wonderful open kitchen with all you need ! A micro wave, nespresso and dolce gusto coffee machines, a fridge with freezer, a boiler, a washing maching and a dish washer - a beautiful bathroom with italian shower, shampoo, shower cream and towels are provided - a wifi access  If you need, there is a safe car park in the basement, a real advantage in Paris !  "	"Cosy 37 square meters apartment, like loft, with beautiful sunny terrace and a secured parking.  The ""campagne à Paris"" !  Charming, bright, 40 square meters apartment, as a loft, with a beautiful sunny terrace in a very quiet and green building, far from parisian agitation and trafic.  A real safe haven in the middle of ""La campagne à Paris"" neighborhood, I am sure you will appreciate after a busy visiting or shopping day :) - a night area with a double bed and a big dressing with space for you - a tv area with a big bow window for the terrace access and a couch which is also the second double bed - a wonderful open kitchen with all you need ! A micro wave, nespresso and dolce gusto coffee machines, a fridge with freezer, a boiler, a washing maching and a dish washer - a beautiful bathroom with italian shower, shampoo, shower cream and towels are provided - a wifi access  If you need, there is a safe car park in the basement, a real advantage in Paris !  My home will be yours during y"
20566	Petit nid douillet au coeur du 20ème arrondissement à Paris dans une Résidence calme et sécurisée. Accès à tous les équipements de la cuisine, du séjour et de la chambre ainsi qu'au Wi-fi. Possibilité de ranger ses affaires dans l'armoire de la chambre. La machine à laver est hélas en panne actuellement. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute question au sujet du Love Nest, je serai heureuse de vous renseigner dans les meilleurs délais ! Proximité des commerces : délicieuse  boulangerie traditionnelle, restaurants/brasseries parisiennes, supérettes, cafés et bars... Le marché de la Place de la Réunion est à 2 pas et a lieu les jeudi et les dimanches : idéal pour les produits frais du terroir ! Situé entre 7 et 10 minutes à pied des métros Maraîchers (ligne 9), Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2) et Porte de Vincennes (ligne 1) qui mènent toutes au centre de Paris et aux lieux touristiques (Bastille, Ile Saint Louis, le Louvre, Champs Elysées, La Tour Eiffel...) Vous disposez également de 2 lign	Petit nid douillet au coeur du 20ème arrondissement à Paris dans une Résidence calme et sécurisée. Accès à tous les équipements de la cuisine, du séjour et de la chambre ainsi qu'au Wi-fi. Possibilité de ranger ses affaires dans l'armoire de la chambre. La machine à laver est hélas en panne actuellement. N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute question au sujet du Love Nest, je serai heureuse de vous renseigner dans les meilleurs délais ! Proximité des commerces : délicieuse  boulangerie traditionnelle, restaurants/brasseries parisiennes, supérettes, cafés et bars... Le marché de la Place de la Réunion est à 2 pas et a lieu les jeudi et les dimanches : idéal pour les produits frais du terroir ! Situé entre 7 et 10 minutes à pied des métros Maraîchers (ligne 9), Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2) et Porte de Vincennes (ligne 1) qui mènent toutes au centre de Paris et aux lieux touristiques (Bastille, Ile Saint Louis, le Louvre, Champs Elysées, La Tour Eiffel...) Vous disposez également de 2 lign
20567	Vous êtes les bienvenus dans notre joli appartement deux pièces pouvant accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. L’appartement, récemment rénové, est situé au coeur du quartier Ménilmontant, un quartier très dynamique comportant nombreux bars, boîtes de nuit et salles de concert. De plus, deux épiceries se trouvent à moins d'une minute à pied et une boulangerie juste en face. L’appartement est composé d’une chambre fermée avec lit double très confortable, une seconde pièce incluant cuisine, table, canapé, télévision ainsi qu’une salle de bain avec douche.  Il est équipé de tout ce dont vous aurez besoin : wifi, télévision, lecteur dvd, machine à laver, micro-ondes, frigo, plaques de cuissons, cafetière italienne, bouilloire, grille-pain, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux, etc.  	Le logement Vous êtes les bienvenus dans notre jolie appartement deux pièces pouvant accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. L’appartement, récemment rénové, est situé au coeur du quartier Ménilmontant, un quartier très dynamique Vous êtes les bienvenus dans notre joli appartement deux pièces pouvant accueillir confortablement 2 personnes. L’appartement, récemment rénové, est situé au coeur du quartier Ménilmontant, un quartier très dynamique comportant nombreux bars, boîtes de nuit et salles de concert. De plus, deux épiceries se trouvent à moins d'une minute à pied et une boulangerie juste en face. L’appartement est composé d’une chambre fermée avec lit double très confortable, une seconde pièce incluant cuisine, table, canapé, télévision ainsi qu’une salle de bain avec douche.  Il est équipé de tout ce dont vous aurez besoin : wifi, télévision, lecteur dvd, machine à laver, micro-ondes, frigo, plaques de cuissons, cafetière italienne, bouilloire, grille-pain, fer à repasser, sèche-c
20568	Un appartement confortable dans un quartier vivant de Paris, à proximité du Père-Lachaise.  L'appartement, d'une surface de 47 m 2, se compose de 2 pièces : Une petite chambre avec penderie.  Un grand double salon, avec table à manger, bureau, télévision, lecteur dvd (et beaucoup de DVD), cheminée décorative.  Une grande cuisine, avec lave vaisselle, lave linge, une petite table pour manger dans la cuisine. Une salle de bain avec baignoire, et une fenêtre qui inonde la pièce de lumière.  De très bons commerces de bouche sont à proximité, rue des Pyrénées, qui vous propose un vaste choix d'épiceries typiques françaises : fromagers, cavistes, bouchers charcutiers, maraîchers, traiteurs... 3 supermarchés et une excellente boulangerie sont egalement tout proches.  Un charmant marché se tient les mercredis et samedis matin rue Belgrand, à 3 minutes à pieds. Le quartier propose aussi un très bon choix de cafés, bars et restaurants, il est aussi culturellement très vivant : Théâtre de la Coll	Un appartement confortable dans un quartier vivant de Paris, à proximité du Père-Lachaise.  L'appartement, d'une surface de 47 m 2, se compose de 2 pièces : Une petite chambre avec penderie.  Un grand double salon, avec table à manger, bureau, télévision, lecteur dvd (et beaucoup de DVD), cheminée décorative.  Une grande cuisine, avec lave vaisselle, lave linge, une petite table pour manger dans la cuisine. Une salle de bain avec baignoire, et une fenêtre qui inonde la pièce de lumière.  De très bons commerces de bouche sont à proximité, rue des Pyrénées, qui vous propose un vaste choix d'épiceries typiques françaises : fromagers, cavistes, bouchers charcutiers, maraîchers, traiteurs... 3 supermarchés et une excellente boulangerie sont egalement tout proches.  Un charmant marché se tient les mercredis et samedis matin rue Belgrand, à 3 minutes à pieds. Le quartier propose aussi un très bon choix de cafés, bars et restaurants, il est aussi culturellement très vivant : Théâtre de la Coll
20569	Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment on the 1rst floor of a classic parisian building. All the necessary equipment at your disposal (Wifi, washing machine, microwave, TV, cable, hob, fridge etc ...) In addition to the bed : air mattress with electric pump very thick and comfortable for 2 people.	Quiet and close to Père Lachaise cemetary in the lovely 11th district of Paris. By 100 meters of the nearest train station (Philippe Auguste), 5 minutes from Père Lachaise station and 10 minutes by bus from The place of Bastille. Charming and very quiet 2-room appartment on the 1rst floor of a classic parisian building. All the necessary equipment at your disposal (Wifi, washing machine, microwave, TV, cable, hob, fridge etc ...) In addition to the bed : air mattress with electric pump very thick and comfortable for 2 people. Ideally located in a quiet area, you will be minutes away from the famous Père Lachaise cemetary where you can visit the graves of Jim Morisson, Edith Piaf... and enjoy the shades of trees in summer. You will find all the grocery shops you need in the streets (Franprix, Casino) and a very good bakery (Les Bannetons de Charonne). For a good night, you can have drinks in the festive Oberkampf street (5 minutes by train) or party in the many bars of Bastille (10 minu
20570	Studio lumineux, cuisine séparée, au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, d'une résidence calme et propre.	Très joli studio, lumineux, 30 m2, avec cuisine séparée, salle de bain et double séjour, doté de tous conforts. Dans une Résidence calme et à 5 minutes du métro, il est situé en haut de Belleville, quartier sympa, doté des commerces, restaurants et bar. Studio lumineux, cuisine séparée, au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, d'une résidence calme et propre. Cuisine avec tout confort (machine à café, presse agrumes, grille pain, microonde et four), salle de bain, double séjours doté d'un vrais lit très confortable et d'un canapé lit, plus télé et internet. À 5 min du métro Télégraphe et Porte des Lilas. Lignes 11 (qui amène en plein centre et qui dessert les principales lignes de métro); 3bis, 7bis, tramway T3bis et divers bus. 6eme étage avec ascenseur. Résidence calme
20571	This charming fully furnished studio refurbished, located Haxo Street (75020) you will have a pleasant stay in Paris. Close to public transport and 200m from a lovely shopping site (Saint Fargeau) (Bakery, shops, supermarket), you can visit Paris and dine easily. Very bright, high ceilings, bright and very quiet. Impeccable kitchen and equipped with a refrigerator, coffee maker, dishes, cutlery, ceramic hob, microwave, but also complimentary coffee and tea furnace is at your disposal if you want to eat at home. The bathroom mosaic has a walk-in shower, a sink with storage, a dry towel and toilet radiator, and WC. The bed is provided by a very confortable sofa of 140cm for two people. The apartment is quiet, bright and warm, fully fitted solid oak flooring and has plenty of storage space, wardrobes, cupboards.	This charming fully furnished small flat is very quiet, cosy and bright. Near public transportation, it's a perfect spot for your trip in Paris. It has been just refurbished, so everything is brand new and clean! This charming fully furnished studio refurbished, located Haxo Street (75020) you will have a pleasant stay in Paris. Close to public transport and 200m from a lovely shopping site (Saint Fargeau) (Bakery, shops, supermarket), you can visit Paris and dine easily. Very bright, high ceilings, bright and very quiet. Impeccable kitchen and equipped with a refrigerator, coffee maker, dishes, cutlery, ceramic hob, microwave, but also complimentary coffee and tea furnace is at your disposal if you want to eat at home. The bathroom mosaic has a walk-in shower, a sink with storage, a dry towel and toilet radiator, and WC. The bed is provided by a very confortable sofa of 140cm for two people. The apartment is quiet, bright and warm, fully fitted solid oak flooring and has plenty of sto
20572	Logement atypique, couchage hors du commun. Appartement très calme et très lumineux. 	Logement atypique, couchage hors du commun. Appartement très calme et très lumineux.  Accès à la télé, internet (wifi box orange) machine à laver, cafetière Nespresso (capsules offertes) Très disponibles pour échanger avant et pendant la réservation.  Quartier animé, magasins ouverts tous les jours même tard le soir. Restaurants à proximité. Rue très passante Métro 2 : Ménilmontant (150m) Métro 3 : Rue St Maur
20573	>> L'appartement se constitue d'un séjour-cuisine, une chambre, une salle de bain, un wc séparé, une grande terrasse.  Situé dans une cour parisienne pavée, il est très calme et le chant des oiseaux vous accompagnera durant votre séjour. La cuisine est idéale pour cuisiner et vous prendrez plaisir à prendre votre petit déjeuner ou diner sur la terrasse.  >> The apartment is a living room-kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, separate toilet, large terrace. Set in a traditional Parisian paved courtyard, it is very quiet and the birds singing will accompany you during your stay. The kitchen is ideal for cooking and you will enjoy to take your breakfast or dinner on the terrace.	Appartement idéal pour un couple, très lumineux, décoration vintage, vous pourrez y cuisiner et vous détendre sur sa grande terrasse.  A deux pas de la Campagne à Paris, à 5 minutes du Père Lachaise, à 10 minutes de la Place de la République. Apartment ideal for a couple, very bright, vintage decor, you will be able to cook and relax on the large terrace. Close to La Campgane à Paris, 5 minutes from Père Lachaise, 10 minutes from the Place de la République. >> L'appartement se constitue d'un séjour-cuisine, une chambre, une salle de bain, un wc séparé, une grande terrasse.  Situé dans une cour parisienne pavée, il est très calme et le chant des oiseaux vous accompagnera durant votre séjour. La cuisine est idéale pour cuisiner et vous prendrez plaisir à prendre votre petit déjeuner ou diner sur la terrasse.  >> The apartment is a living room-kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, separate toilet, large terrace. Set in a traditional Parisian paved courtyard, it is very quiet and the birds singing w
20574		A deux pas du métro porte de bagnolet (ligne 3 )  l'appartement se compose d'une chambre (avec un lit 2 places), d'un salon avec canapé lit, d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain et d'un agréable balcon avec vue sur un petit jardin. Le quartier est très calme et très sur. Il y a un marché 2 fois par semaine ( mercredi et samedi ) et des petits commerçants très sympathique.   Franprix et boulangerie au pied de l immeuble. Ligne 3 à proximité : porte de bagnolet ou Gambetta.  T3 à porte de bagnolet.  A 10 min de république.  Velib en bas de l'immeuble.
20575		Very big loft available in Paris . My place is completely furnished kitchen with all utilities.  5 min walking distance from the subway and in the same street you have all kind of supermarkets and restaurants.Available for 1 year rent as well.   I'am looking for someone for a 6 month minimum stay starting the 1 of July 2015
20576	You will see lot of art'book and vintage things in my room , I hope you will enjoy!	1month minimum/ You will have a private room,  in a flat (42M2 at all) that you will share with a girl who studies cinéma.  It 's in a little street  close to the metro station GAMBETTA , you will be in a cool district close to every things ! You will see lot of art'book and vintage things in my room , I hope you will enjoy! internet i will be there to give the key and if you need anything my flatmate will be there ! quiet because its an old construction ! so you can listen music as you want if you close the window and in the same time you will not be distract by the neighborhood that a good deal  Ligne 3, or 3bis  bus (phone number hidden) 
20577	L'appartement est très agréable, et très ensoleillé. 2pièces, 45m² avec un salon, 1 chambre (avec grand lit), 1 cuisine équipée, 1 grande salle de bains et 1 grand balcon/terrasse faisant toute la longueur de l'appartement et sur laquelle il est plaisant de dîner ou de lire au soleil. Comme nous sommes d'insatiables cinéphiles, nous mettons à votre disposition notre DVDthèque (+ de 1500 titres) ! Le quartier est calme tout en étant proche de tous commerces. La rue (accessible en voiture) se termine en rue piétonne avec divers pubs / bars et restaurants très populaires et peu chers. 	A louer du 1/07 au 1/08. 45m², salon, chambre (avec lit double), cuisine équipée, grande SDB équipée, balcon/terrasse, grande DVDthèque, accès Internet.  Loyer : 900 euros pour le mois / Caution : 500 euros (chèque non encaissé) Accès Métro / Tramway L'appartement est très agréable, et très ensoleillé. 2pièces, 45m² avec un salon, 1 chambre (avec grand lit), 1 cuisine équipée, 1 grande salle de bains et 1 grand balcon/terrasse faisant toute la longueur de l'appartement et sur laquelle il est plaisant de dîner ou de lire au soleil. Comme nous sommes d'insatiables cinéphiles, nous mettons à votre disposition notre DVDthèque (+ de 1500 titres) ! Le quartier est calme tout en étant proche de tous commerces. La rue (accessible en voiture) se termine en rue piétonne avec divers pubs / bars et restaurants très populaires et peu chers. Outre diverses lignes de bus, le métro est situé à 5 minutes à pied (M° Porte de Montreuil - Ligne 9) et la ligne de Tramway 3b à 2 minutes à pied. Métro Nation
20578	Spacieux deux-pièces bien agencé, au 7e étage avec ascenseur, une vue magnifique, orienté plein sud. Chambre, cuisine équipée ouverte sur le séjour, grande salle de bains.	un appartement tranquille, bien connecté au métro, dans un quartier sympa, à deux pas du père lachaise, le marché au pied de l'immeuble, mais surtout, une vue superbe et du soleil dès qu'il y en a! parfait pour de petites vacances à deux! Spacieux deux-pièces bien agencé, au 7e étage avec ascenseur, une vue magnifique, orienté plein sud. Chambre, cuisine équipée ouverte sur le séjour, grande salle de bains. Tout l'appartement est laissé à la disposition des voyageurs.  Un rendez-vous pour le transfert des clés. Je ne serai pas présente pendant votre séjour. Un quartier calme, bien connecté de l'Est parisien. Tous commerces à proximité, quelques bars et restaurants sympa, le cimetière du Père Lachaise à deux pas. Métro ligne 2 Alexandre Dumas  Métro ligne 9 Charonne Bus 76
20579	Logement agréable et lumineux , cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, 2 chambres: une avec un lit double (160*200) et l'autre chambre avec 2 lits superposés. Etages élevés ce qui offre une belle vue dégagée.	Appartement de 70m2 dans le 20 ème arrondissement pour 4 personnes,  quartier vivant et agréable. Proche de toutes commodités, commerces, marchés, bars, restaurants, métro (ligne 9 et 3) bus (76, 26, 64) tramway. Logement agréable et lumineux , cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, 2 chambres: une avec un lit double (160*200) et l'autre chambre avec 2 lits superposés. Etages élevés ce qui offre une belle vue dégagée. . Le quartier est très sympa et animé sans être oppressant. Le 20ème est un grand village très riche en diversité.  Beaucoup de cafés, bars, restaurants En tout genre.   Proche du père Lachaise très agréable pour se promener et découvrir la dernière demeure de nombreuses célébrités. Si besoin de plus de verdure les abords du bois de Vincennes ne sont pas très loin non plus 10/15 mn de tramway ou 30 mn à pieds. On peut rejoindre le quartier de la Bastille en 20 mn de marche 40 mn jusqu'à châtelet. facile d'accès plusieurs moyens de transport à votre disposition; deux lignes de mét
20580	"hi! My name is Edith, I rent a room completely redone nine in a quiet area, building on the 6th floor with elevator in a 2 bedroom apartment 60 Sqm, a bathroom with bath, fully equipped kitchen, toilet, bedroom overlooks a private balcony.  I would allow for a pleasant stay in the center of Paris near the metro station ""Couronnes"", in a quiet park with a 2 min, cleanliness is the most important thing for me because I like to welcome my guests as should, I would have your disposal to advise you the best places to visit Paris and its monuments, partying, or go to the best restaurants for a good price, see you soon !"	"hi! My name is Edith, I rent a room completely redone nine in a quiet area, building on the 6th floor with elevator in a 2 bedroom apartment 60 Sqm, a bathroom with bath, fully equipped kitchen, toilet, bedroom overlooks a private balcony.  I would allow for a pleasant stay in the center of Paris near the metro station ""Couronnes"", in a quiet park with a 2 min, cleanliness is the most important thing for me because I like to welcome my guests as should, I would have your disposal to advise you the best places to visit Paris and its monuments, partying, or go to the best restaurants for a good price, see you soon !"
20581	Ce superbe appartement meublé avec goût, situé au rez-de-chaussée d'un bel immeuble, vous permettra de profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne, entre amis ou en famille. D'une surface de 44 m2, cet appartement bien agencé est parfait pour 3 personnes, avec une chambre double dotée d'un coin bureau et de nombreux rangements, et une chambre simple avec son espace bureau. Le salon est idéal pour se détendre avec ses deux fauteuils en cuir face à l'écran plat et son coin dînatoire. La cuisine est fonctionnelle et parfaitement équipée pour vivre comme à la maison. Enfin, vous pourrez profiter d'une belle salle de douche avec WC. 	Superbe appartement de 3 pièces sur 44 m2 doté de 2 chambres pouvant accueillir confortablement 3 personnes. Situé à deux pas du métro dans le très vivant 20ème arrondissement. Ce superbe appartement meublé avec goût, situé au rez-de-chaussée d'un bel immeuble, vous permettra de profiter pleinement de la vie parisienne, entre amis ou en famille. D'une surface de 44 m2, cet appartement bien agencé est parfait pour 3 personnes, avec une chambre double dotée d'un coin bureau et de nombreux rangements, et une chambre simple avec son espace bureau. Le salon est idéal pour se détendre avec ses deux fauteuils en cuir face à l'écran plat et son coin dînatoire. La cuisine est fonctionnelle et parfaitement équipée pour vivre comme à la maison. Enfin, vous pourrez profiter d'une belle salle de douche avec WC. Profitez pleinement de la vie parisienne en séjournant dans ce quartier très vivant, jeune et artiste qu'est le 20ème arrondissement.  L'appartement est situé à deux pas du métro Gambetta ou
20582	une maison individuelle  dans Paris au calme , avec jardin. Nous avons 3 chambres :  1 chambre avec 1 lit double (parentale)   1 chambre avec 1 lit simple    1 chambre avec 1 lit simple   et un matelas au sol.	Maison dans une cour fleurie. une maison individuelle  dans Paris au calme , avec jardin. Nous avons 3 chambres :  1 chambre avec 1 lit double (parentale)   1 chambre avec 1 lit simple    1 chambre avec 1 lit simple   et un matelas au sol. Métro à 5 mn. RER Nous sommes intéressés pour échanger sur la même période, France, Italie, Espagne... Uniquement maison Quartier riche en commerces et cafés. Rue calme Proche Ménilmontant. Metro ligne 9 et ligne 1. RER Nation
20583	Vue incroyable sur le Sacré Coeur et commerces tout proche. Les transports en commun sont au pied de l'immauble. L'immeuble est sécurisé par un veilleur de nuit et la journée les gardiens sont présents. 	Situé idéalement au pied du Sacré coeur, charmant studio dans un immeuble de standing. Métro Anvers, station Velib, Bus et commerces à proximité appartement au 2e etage avec ascenseur, gardien, digicode. Cuisine équipée  Salle de bain  Vue incroyable sur le Sacré Coeur et commerces tout proche. Les transports en commun sont au pied de l'immauble. L'immeuble est sécurisé par un veilleur de nuit et la journée les gardiens sont présents.  Les voyageurs pourront profiter d'un quartier touristique, dynamique, truffé de petits restos très sympas. A deux pas du sacré coeur, c'est l'endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris Rencontre à l'entrée de lieux et à la sortie, si possible. Nous resterons également disponible par téléphone pour nos hôtes pendant leurs séjours. Metro ligne 2 (Barbes ou Anvers) Metro ligne 4 (Barbes)
20584	I am offering my small but charming studio (duplex) in Paris. I'm often traveling for few days, because of my job . Very clean and sunny, it has queen size mezzanine bed , a little kitchen and a bathroom with shower. There is a little yard with lots of trees and flowers where you can have a rest, take your diner... The neighbourhood is really cool, trendy but still popular with a lot of parks, shops, bars and restaurants and famous frenches cafés. At 5 min of walk of the Pere Lachaise, you'll just have to walk 5 min from the subway Maraicher, Gambetta or Alexandre Dumas and you will be at 15 min by bus of Louvre.  Je loue mon studio (duplex) car je dois souvent m'absenter pour mon travail. Il est très lumineux, très propre et est équipé d'un lit double, d'une petite cuisine, et d'une salle de bain avec wc et douche. Il est situé au rez de chaussé dans une petite cour très calme où vous pourrez faire une sieste, diner... Le quartier est vraiment sympathique, branché, vivant et populaire	I am offering my small but charming studio (duplex) in Paris. I'm often traveling for few days, because of my job . Very clean and sunny, it has queen size mezzanine bed , a little kitchen and a bathroom with shower. There is a little yard with lots of trees and flowers where you can have a rest, take your diner... The neighbourhood is really cool, trendy but still popular with a lot of parks, shops, bars and restaurants and famous frenches cafés. At 5 min of walk of the Pere Lachaise, you'll just have to walk 5 min from the subway Maraicher, Gambetta or Alexandre Dumas and you will be at 15 min by bus of Louvre.  Je loue mon studio (duplex) car je dois souvent m'absenter pour mon travail. Il est très lumineux, très propre et est équipé d'un lit double, d'une petite cuisine, et d'une salle de bain avec wc et douche. Il est situé au rez de chaussé dans une petite cour très calme où vous pourrez faire une sieste, diner... Le quartier est vraiment sympathique, branché, vivant et populaire
20585	Close Père Lachaise, room tone blue sky, clear comfortable and very calm in nice apartment (80 m2) decorated with taste. Two Single beds also form a double bed. The bathroom is privative. The kitchen is well equipped and has a dishwasher. The pleasant and relaxing lounge has a plasma screen television. The owner leaves everything needed for a full breakfast in the kitchen and refrigerator. Close also to the neighbourhoods of Ménilmontant and Belleville with small typical cobbled streets. By Metro, you are 15 minutes from Notre Dame or Railway stations, North and East, and 20 minutes from Montmartre. We speak english. Attention, this structure accepts a minimum of 3 nights. Stefka and Alex	The bedroom is setup with 2 single beds which can be assembled into a double bed (180x200). We have full bed linen for both possibilities. The bathroom, adjacent and private, is equipped with a comfortable shower and washbasin. Close Père Lachaise, room tone blue sky, clear comfortable and very calm in nice apartment (80 m2) decorated with taste. Two Single beds also form a double bed. The bathroom is privative. The kitchen is well equipped and has a dishwasher. The pleasant and relaxing lounge has a plasma screen television. The owner leaves everything needed for a full breakfast in the kitchen and refrigerator. Close also to the neighbourhoods of Ménilmontant and Belleville with small typical cobbled streets. By Metro, you are 15 minutes from Notre Dame or Railway stations, North and East, and 20 minutes from Montmartre. We speak english. Attention, this structure accepts a minimum of 3 nights. Stefka and Alex The living room is a friendly sharing space. It offers a beautiful view of
20586	My flat is quiet and bright, overlooking on a natural garden, situated in a charming impasse at the end of which there is a hidden entry to the Pere Lachaise cemetery. The apartment is composed of a bedroom, a living room, a small cute kitchen, a bathroom and the the separate toilet.	A silent and lightly private bedroom, in a small appartement 
20587	Appartement (souplex) remis à neuf cette année, avec toutes les commodités nécessaires.  Très agréable à vivre et d'environ 75 m2 :  - Une grande pièce à vivre, salon avec deux canapés (dont un canapé-lit 2 places) et une cuisine (dont lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, machine à café, four, micro-onde, grille pain, bouilloire) avec son bar et ses chaises hautes. Petite particularité qui donne beaucoup de charme, des carreaux transparents au sol, donnant sur la chambre.  Un bureau est à disposition.  - La salle de bain et des toilettes séparées, au même niveau  - La chambre, accès par escalier en colimaçon, très cosy, disposant d'un dressing ouvert  Très lumineux, il se trouve au rez-de-chaussée avec une baie vitrée donnant sur la rue de Tourtille, très calme. Des rideaux voilés qui suffisent en journée ainsi que des plus épais pour le soir sont présents afin de préserver l'intimité. Une grille de fer est également installée à l'extérieur pour plus de sécurité, gérée par un interrupteur.	Rénové et décoré à ma façon, très cosy et agréable  Rez-de-chaussée, avec baie vitrée donnant sur la rue calme (rideaux voilés pour l'intimité)  Quartier vivant et populaire, Belleville (20e), que j'adore avec ses galeries d'art et toutes commodités Appartement (souplex) remis à neuf cette année, avec toutes les commodités nécessaires.  Très agréable à vivre et d'environ 75 m2 :  - Une grande pièce à vivre, salon avec deux canapés (dont un canapé-lit 2 places) et une cuisine (dont lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, machine à café, four, micro-onde, grille pain, bouilloire) avec son bar et ses chaises hautes. Petite particularité qui donne beaucoup de charme, des carreaux transparents au sol, donnant sur la chambre.  Un bureau est à disposition.  - La salle de bain et des toilettes séparées, au même niveau  - La chambre, accès par escalier en colimaçon, très cosy, disposant d'un dressing ouvert  Très lumineux, il se trouve au rez-de-chaussée avec une baie vitrée donnant sur la rue de Tourtille
20588	Appartement très calme et lumineux. Situé au 2ème étage il dispose d'un balcon, d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un salon spacieux. La salle de bain avec baignoire et la cuisine est entièrement équipée.	"Appartement de standing de 45m2 lumineux, calme, spacieux et confortable. 2 pièces + balcon pour 2 personnes. Appartement très calme et lumineux. Situé au 2ème étage il dispose d'un balcon, d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un salon spacieux. La salle de bain avec baignoire et la cuisine est entièrement équipée. Idéalement situé sur la place Gambetta avec metro et bus au pied de l'immeuble. Vous serez donc à 15 min du quartier de Bastille et 20 min d'Opera et des grands magasins. Échanges possible durant la durée du séjour. Hôte à disposition pour toutes requêtes. En plein cœur de l'agréable place Gambetta comptant un cinema, plusieurs boulangeries parisiennes et café bistrots. De nombreux commerces à proximité. Vous serez à 5 min a pied de l'historique ""cimetière du Père Lachaise"" où sont enterrés de grandes personnalités telles que Marcel Proust, Jean de la Fontaine, Molière, Edith Piaf, Honoré de Balzac, Oscar Wilde, Jim Morrison. Accès en metro ligne 3 station gambetta."
20589	30m2 apartment located in the 20th arrondissement, Belleville, center of Paris. 2 minutes from the metro. 15 minutes walk from Republic, Canal st Martin. Nice, young and lively neighborhood. Appart very bright, quiet Patio Fitted kitchen Double bed Bathroom with a bath Television   	30m2 apartment located in the 20th arrondissement, Belleville, center of Paris. 2 minutes from the metro. 15 minutes walk from Republic, Canal st Martin. Nice, young and lively neighborhood. Appart very bright, quiet Patio Fitted kitchen Double bed Bathroom with a bath Television   Metro Belleville line 2 or 11
20590	Spacious, bright and quiet 80 m2 Ménilmontant.  Ideal for a couple or with children. Large living room with views over the rooftops and church Ménilmontant. A large bedroom with a bed of 160 and a child's room with a single bed. Possibility to sleep on the sofa as in the living room is a real comfortable single bed. Bathroom with washing machine, separate lounge with gas stove, dishwasher. T.V, wifi ... This apartment is located 5min walk: Père Lachaise, Belleville Park and Oberkampf street where many restaurants, bars and concert hall. it is next to the metro Ménilmontant (line 2) that goes directly in 20 minutes Montmartre. a bus (the 96) will also directly in the neighborhood of St. Michel, Odeon. it is a family and neighborhood where also there are many artists' studios. 	Spacious, bright and quiet 80 m2 Ménilmontant.  Ideal for a couple or with children. Large living room with views over the rooftops and church Ménilmontant. A large bedroom with a bed of 160 and a child's room with a single bed. Possibility to sleep on the sofa as in the living room is a real comfortable single bed. Bathroom with washing machine, separate lounge with gas stove, dishwasher. T.V, wifi ... This apartment is located 5min walk: Père Lachaise, Belleville Park and Oberkampf street where many restaurants, bars and concert hall. it is next to the metro Ménilmontant (line 2) that goes directly in 20 minutes Montmartre. a bus (the 96) will also directly in the neighborhood of St. Michel, Odeon. it is a family and neighborhood where also there are many artists' studios. 
20591	"A few minutes from Place Edith Piaf (Paris 20), my studio is a ""souplex"" of 27 square meter.  The 4 windows overlook on the private garden on the building. For this reason, the flat is really quiet and peaceful, there is no noise from the street. With a real bed ( 140 * 190), a dining area , a kitchen area with induction cooker, a microwave/oven ... A bathroom with shower and washing machine."	"Hello ! I am glad to welcome you in my flat ! 5 mn from the Place Edith Piaf and beside 'Campagne à Paris', 'Père Lachaise cemetery', 'Buttes Chaumont', 'rue St Blaise', 'Ménilmontant', 'Belleville'... A few minutes from Place Edith Piaf (Paris 20), my studio is a ""souplex"" of 27 square meter.  The 4 windows overlook on the private garden on the building. For this reason, the flat is really quiet and peaceful, there is no noise from the street. With a real bed ( 140 * 190), a dining area , a kitchen area with induction cooker, a microwave/oven ... A bathroom with shower and washing machine. You can come alone or with an other person. For a third person ? Only a baby or a little child with its own bed could come.  I will do my best to welcome you and show you the studio. If I cannot, a friend of mine will welcome you and give you the keys.  The bed will be ready and I will let some bathroom towels for you. You will find in the studio a ""welcome book"" with recommandations, advices to fee"
20592	Notre appartement de 45m2, idéal pour 2 personnes, est composé de : - un grand salon/cuisine ouverte, baigné de lumière. Trois larges fenêtres illuminent la pièce aux tons sobres et élégants - une chambre avec grand lit double de 160 cm, espace bureau et rangement - une belle salle de bain, claire et spacieuse, avec douche et WC	Beau 2 pièces de 45 m2 contemporain, entièrement rénové, calme et très lumineux. Situé dans le 20ème, au pied du Métro et près de  Nation. Un nid de tranquillité pour se reposer après une journée de visite à Paris. * Ask me for the English version * Notre appartement de 45m2, idéal pour 2 personnes, est composé de : - un grand salon/cuisine ouverte, baigné de lumière. Trois larges fenêtres illuminent la pièce aux tons sobres et élégants - une chambre avec grand lit double de 160 cm, espace bureau et rangement - une belle salle de bain, claire et spacieuse, avec douche et WC Dans cet appartement, vous profiterez du logement entier. Le partie salon comprend un canapé cuir deux places (non convertible), deux fauteuils, une table basse, un petit bureau et une TV écran plat. L’accès Wifi et un PC portable (sans imprimante) sont à votre disposition. La partie cuisine est ouverte sur la pièce de vie. Elle est équipée d'un four (combiné four/micro-ondes), plaques induction, lave-vaisselle, réf
20593	Studio completely equiped, metro Telegraphe (ligne 11, 15 minutes from the city center with the metro) with an extraordinary view over all the city. Ten minutes by feet from the parc Buttes-Chaumont, the cemetery of Père-Lachaise, the quarters of Belleville, Ménilmontant and Oberkampf. 35 qm2, huge panoramic window, one sofa bed, internet illimited, kitchen with all you need (oven, micro-wave etc.), washing machine. Welcome !!	Studio completely equiped, metro Telegraphe (ligne 11, 15 minutes from the city center with the metro) with an extraordinary view over all the city. Ten minutes by feet from the parc Buttes-Chaumont, the cemetery of Père-Lachaise, the quarters of Belleville, Ménilmontant and Oberkampf. 35 qm2, huge panoramic window, one sofa bed, internet illimited, kitchen with all you need (oven, micro-wave etc.), washing machine. Welcome !!
20594	Vrai lit 2 places et un canapé pouvant accueillir une personne supplémentaire, sansfrais	    Ce deux-pièces accueillant et douillet peut accueillir deux personnes, voir une 3eme sur le canapé. En plein cœur de la campagne à Paris, il est à 2 pas du métro, du tramway et des commerces, dans un quartier calme.    Vrai lit 2 places et un canapé pouvant accueillir une personne supplémentaire, sansfrais Machine à laver, four et plaques électriques, vrai lit confortable,  Absente du logement durant la durée du séjour metro ligne3 tram 3b nombreuses lignes de bus
20595		Studio de 25 m2 avec vue sur le parc de Belleville composé d'une jolie pièce avec parquet et d'une cuisine séparée. Le quartier est très animé : vous découvrirez le vrai Paris tout en ayant rapidement accès aux sites touristiques les plus connus ! 
20596		Bonjour,  chambre à louer à la nuit dans un jolie F2 dans le 20ème à 100 mètre du métro ligne 11
20597	Le logement:  Un havre de paix dans l'Est de Paris, au cœur d'un quartier très connu pour son cimetière du Père Lachaise, l'un des plus célèbres au monde, mais également pour la réputation de ce coin de Paris à la fois chaleureux, animé et bon esprit. L'appartement a été entièrement rénové en Novembre 2014. Très lumineux, calme, dans un esprit ultra contemporain, ce superbe appartement de 72m2 a été décoré avec goût, mixant modernité et pièces vintage années 70's.  Vous aimerez sa vue dégagée, son charme typiquement parisien et sa décoration extrêmement cosy.  Idéal pour 4 personnes. Le séjour se compose d'une grande pièce à vivre ouverte sur une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, vaste plan de travail). Dans le grand séjour (30 m2), une table à manger pour 6 personnes, une magnifique bibliothèque d'architecte faite sur mesure, un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes et de jolis luminaires. Des livres d'art, des romans d'espionnage et des DVD : les amateurs auront de quoi	Le logement:  Un havre de paix dans l'Est de Paris, au cœur d'un quartier très connu pour son cimetière du Père Lachaise, l'un des plus célèbres au monde, mais également pour la réputation de ce coin de Paris à la fois chaleureux, animé et bon esprit. L'appartement a été entièrement rénové en Novembre 2014. Très lumineux, calme, dans un esprit ultra contemporain, ce superbe appartement de 72m2 a été décoré avec goût, mixant modernité et pièces vintage années 70's.  Vous aimerez sa vue dégagée, son charme typiquement parisien et sa décoration extrêmement cosy.  Idéal pour 4 personnes. Le séjour se compose d'une grande pièce à vivre ouverte sur une cuisine toute équipée (four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, vaste plan de travail). Dans le grand séjour (30 m2), une table à manger pour 6 personnes, une magnifique bibliothèque d'architecte faite sur mesure, un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes et de jolis luminaires. Des livres d'art, des romans d'espionnage et des DVD : les amateurs auront de quoi
20598		A very small but beautiful pied-a-terre in Paris. On a quiet back road, with no car transit and many beautiful plants and flowers. The  ground floor apartment is 13 sqm, very small, all white and very clean, it has all comforts and amenities: TV, int
20599		2 rooms, 5 beds flat with balcony. Close to subway (5 lines), shops, bakery, café... 15 min from Notre Dame, 20 min from Montmartre.
20600	Easy access to every touristic places of Paris. Near Bastille. Very quiet Very sunny Internet Access (Optical Fiber) + wifi 	We offer you a cosy and functional apartment on a quiet street in a lively district of Paris. Bathed in light, the livingroom opens onto a garden balcony where you can relax and lunch with the song of blackbirds. And Jim Morrison lives not far.... Easy access to every touristic places of Paris. Near Bastille. Very quiet Very sunny Internet Access (Optical Fiber) + wifi 
20601	Calme et spacieux, confortable et moderne, cet appartement tout équipé est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de votre séjour.	Très jolie appartement, situé au pied du métro et bénéficiant de tout le confort nécessaire ( wifi, Tv par cable, machine à laver, parking...). Dans un bel immeuble, au calme, vous profiterez de votre séjour dans un cadre des plus agréable. Calme et spacieux, confortable et moderne, cet appartement tout équipé est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de votre séjour. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout (wifi, TV, parking...) Je suis joignable par mail et téléphone avant, pendant et après votre séjour. Le métro le plus proche est Gambetta (métro 3) Si vous arrivez de l'aéroport de Roissy ou d'Orly, je peux vous proposer un chauffeur privé qui vous accueillera et vous amènera directement à l'appartement pour la somme de 60 euros.
20602	Ce logement, situé dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris, juste à côté du Père Lachaise, se trouve au 24ème étage et offre une vue imprenable sur tout le sud de Paris !	"Très bel F2 de 50m², très lumineux, tout confort, dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris. Situé au 24ème étage, il offre une vue unique sur tout le sud / sud-ouest de Paris, du bois de Vincennes à la Tour Eiffel !  Ce logement, situé dans le 20ème arrondissement de Paris, juste à côté du Père Lachaise, se trouve au 24ème étage et offre une vue imprenable sur tout le sud de Paris ! L'immeuble et l'appartement sont accessibles à des personnes handicapées. Un ami en fauteuil roulant a déjà séjourné 15j chez moi. Si je suis présente, j'échangerai volontiers avec les voyageurs, pour les conseiller et les orienter dans la capitale, et discuter sur nos expériences respectives de voyages. Le quartier a plusieurs facettes : - très ""familial"" dans les petites rues vers l'ouest, en direction du Père Lachaise - très cosmopolite le long du boulevard Davout Tous les magasins nécessaires se trouvent à 2 pas à pied, il y a notamment 2 boulangeries et une supérette au pied même de l'immeuble. Nombreux c"
20603		2 rooms, very welcoming, quiet, in a typical parisian building, near all commodities. Can receive 4 personnes. Located in a commercial street, near of Buttes Chaumont, the Bus 26, the lines Metro 11 & 2, less than 5 minutes walk. Line Metro 11  station Belleville or Pyrénées Line Metro 2 station Belleville Line Bus 26 (Gare Saint-Lazare & Gare du Nord) station Pyrénées-Belleville
20604	Come live La Vie En Rose in my spacious apartment in the heart of Ménilmontant!  With its cradle and the child’s bedroom, the place is perfectly adapted for a family on holidays with their baby or their young child.  You’ll appreciate for sure the living and the dining areas, with their colorful walls and design deco. The ground of the whole place is equipped with parquet, which gives it a lot of the Parisian charm.	In the charming neighborhood of the Père Lachaise Cemetery, in the very heart of Ménilmontant, come live La Vie En Rose like Edith Piaf used to do… Welcome to my spacious and colorful apartment, ideal for families, even with babies and young children Come live La Vie En Rose in my spacious apartment in the heart of Ménilmontant!  With its cradle and the child’s bedroom, the place is perfectly adapted for a family on holidays with their baby or their young child.  You’ll appreciate for sure the living and the dining areas, with their colorful walls and design deco. The ground of the whole place is equipped with parquet, which gives it a lot of the Parisian charm. The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need a
20605	Notre bel appartement vous accueille avec ses 5 mètres de baies vitrées qui s'ouvrent sur un grand salon avec cuisine ouverte décoré dans un esprit design et belle brocante. 	Notre bel appartement vous accueille avec ses 5 mètres de baies vitrées qui s'ouvrent sur un grand salon avec cuisine ouverte décoré dans un esprit design et belle brocante.  Dans quartier calme, à deux pas des boutiques et restaurants tendance de la rue de Charonne.
20606	C'est un appartement deux-pièces de 28m2, chaleureux et lumineux avec deux grandes fenêtres. Un petit salon cosy d'abord avec un canapé, fauteuils, bureau et table basse pour grignoter. Le canapé se déplie et peut recevoir deux autres personnes (c'est un couchage d'appoint donc moins confortable que le lit mais qui fera l'affaire pour quelques jours!) La cuisine est indépendante et donne sur le salon, entièrement équipée (frigo/congélateur, four plaques à induction, machine à laver, bouilloire et cafetière, et même un blender pour les adeptes des brunches et smoothies maison!) Puis nous passons à la chambre, joliment décorée et équipée d'un grand lit deux places. Des rideaux obscurcissent la chambre la nuit. L'accès au coin toilette (douche et lavabo) se fait directement depuis la chambre. Les toilettes ont l'avantage d'être séparés.	Charming 2pièces flat very well situated in the dynamic neighborhood of Ménilmontant, close to Republic, the Saint Martin Canal and the Père Lachaise cemetery! The apartment is bright, comfortable and fully equipped. Ideal for a couple!
20607	A two-roomed flat (35m2) with separate kitchen, refurbished 2 years ago. Located on the 2nd floor with lift. Fully equipped. 	"A fully equipped two rooms flat located in a charming ""village-like"" area in the 20th dictrict. Close to convenience stores, this is a quiet neighbourhood, two minutes walk away from metro and tramway. Everything for a successful stay in Paris! A two-roomed flat (35m2) with separate kitchen, refurbished 2 years ago. Located on the 2nd floor with lift. Fully equipped. The apartment is located in the Gambetta district at metro ""Porte de Bagnolet"" (line 3). Very convenient to get here from the airport. The city center is located only 15 minutes by metro (line 3 crosses the city from east to west). I will be there to welcome you and explain in detail the apartment and its rules. I will be back too for the check out. And what about sharing a coffee or a glass of wine together! English and japanese spoken. Charming ""village-like"" area. Very nice and quiet neighbourhood with all the convenience stores you need. The metro (Porte de Bagnolet - line 3) and tramway (Séverine) are accessible in tw"
20608	80m2, quiet and very luminous apartment in a modern building with intercom, caretaker and lift, 3/4 rooms, 2 balconies, open outlook, North/South double aspect, tenth and last floor, underground parking. Livingroom with balcony and large view onto Paris (Père Lachaise, Montmartre, La Défense, Tour Eiffel, Beaubourg, Mont Valérien, Panthéon…), television, telephon (Europ and  North America), internet wifi, large library. Bathroom, Shower room with WC, separate WC , bedroom 1 with tip-up  double bed (1,60), bedroom 2  day bed BZ (1,40) balcony, open view onto garden, 12th quarter and  Bois de Vincennes  and its Rocher, Filled out kitchen : gas/elec cooker, micro-waves, Linen & dish washers, Location : La Réunion area : between Charonne (11°), Père Lachaise (20°), and La Nation  place (11°, 12° et 20°), La Réunion place, des Vignoles street and  its typical cul-de-sacs. Access : by car from Périphérique, Porte de Montreuil or Porte de Vincennes exits, Metro line 9 Buzenval station (3'), l	80m2, quiet and very luminous apartment in a modern building with intercom, caretaker and lift, 3/4 rooms, 2 balconies, open outlook, North/South double aspect, tenth and last floor, underground parking. Livingroom with balcony and large view onto Paris (Père Lachaise, Montmartre, La Défense, Tour Eiffel, Beaubourg, Mont Valérien, Panthéon…), television, telephon (Europ and  North America), internet wifi, large library. Bathroom, Shower room with WC, separate WC , bedroom 1 with tip-up  double bed (1,60), bedroom 2  day bed BZ (1,40) balcony, open view onto garden, 12th quarter and  Bois de Vincennes  and its Rocher, Filled out kitchen : gas/elec cooker, micro-waves, Linen & dish washers, Location : La Réunion area : between Charonne (11°), Père Lachaise (20°), and La Nation  place (11°, 12° et 20°), La Réunion place, des Vignoles street and  its typical cul-de-sacs. Access : by car from Périphérique, Porte de Montreuil or Porte de Vincennes exits, Metro line 9 Buzenval station (3'), l
20609	At the corner of the 11th arrondissement (Bastille area) located in Menilmontant, the celebrated neighborhood of Edit Piaf and the Père Lachaise cemetary, my apartment is on the first floor of a classic six-story 19th century Parisian apartment building, situated just across the street from the birthplace of Maurice Chevalier.  The wooden floor apartment is 45-square meter (500 square feet) one-bedroom with an entryway, living room, bedroom and spacious kitchen. All the rooms are independent from each other. The apt offers a bohemian charm in tune with the surrounding neighborhood without forsaking modern amenities, including wireless internet and cable TV (including HBO and other international programs).	1BR/45m2, for 3. 19th century bldg in heart of Ménilmontant and Oberkampf. Bohemian charm inside and out. Great cafés, restaurants, shopping. 2 Minutes from métro and bus for easy access to Montmartre, Marais, Ile de la cité, Latin quarter. At the corner of the 11th arrondissement (Bastille area) located in Menilmontant, the celebrated neighborhood of Edit Piaf and the Père Lachaise cemetary, my apartment is on the first floor of a classic six-story 19th century Parisian apartment building, situated just across the street from the birthplace of Maurice Chevalier.  The wooden floor apartment is 45-square meter (500 square feet) one-bedroom with an entryway, living room, bedroom and spacious kitchen. All the rooms are independent from each other. The apt offers a bohemian charm in tune with the surrounding neighborhood without forsaking modern amenities, including wireless internet and cable TV (including HBO and other international programs). Free wifi Hifi Journalist and documentary pr
20610		Appartement agréable de trois chambres, salle de bains cuisine, grand salon et petit balcon. A 2 minutes du Pére-Lachaise, 10 minutes de République et du quartier Belleville-Ménilmontant. 
20611	L'appartement compte avec une entrée indépendante 	Le studio est situé dans une charmante maison avec tout type des commerces alentour: restaurants, supermarchés, etc. Le métro est à une minute à pied ainsi que le tramway 3b. Le quartier est très calme et vivant. L'appartement compte avec une entrée indépendante  Toutes les commodités sont comprises: Lits, Cuisine, Salle de bain, machine à laver, etc. Le quartier est très vivant et accessible Vous avez tout type de transports à côté: bus, tramway et métro.
20612	Ich liebe meine kleine Einzimmerwohnung, weil sie viel Charme und Ruhe ausstrahlt. Die drei Fenster lassen viel Licht in die Wohnung und am Abend taucht die Abendsonne sie in ein warmes Licht. Die Küche ist gut ausgestattet, wenn man will kann man sich hier etwas schönes kochen. Das tut dem Geldbeutel gut ;-) Ansonsten achte ich sehr auf Sauberkeit und Ordnung. Meine Gäste haben genug Platz um sich einzurichten und wohlzufühlen. Handtücher und Bettwäsche stelle ich zu Verfügung.	Vermiete ein kleines, schönes Einzimmerappartement in einem angenehmen Pariser Viertel, ideal um ein paar entspannte Tage in der Hauptstadt Frankreichs zu verbringen. Ich liebe meine kleine Einzimmerwohnung, weil sie viel Charme und Ruhe ausstrahlt. Die drei Fenster lassen viel Licht in die Wohnung und am Abend taucht die Abendsonne sie in ein warmes Licht. Die Küche ist gut ausgestattet, wenn man will kann man sich hier etwas schönes kochen. Das tut dem Geldbeutel gut ;-) Ansonsten achte ich sehr auf Sauberkeit und Ordnung. Meine Gäste haben genug Platz um sich einzurichten und wohlzufühlen. Handtücher und Bettwäsche stelle ich zu Verfügung. Ich bin immer für alle Fragen erreichbar und melde mich so schnell wie möglich zurück. Am besten über airbnb und bei ganz dringenden Angelegenheiten auch über das Handy. Das Zimmer liegt im 20ten Arrondissement, bei der Metrostation Gambetta, außerhalb des touristischen Getümmels, umgeben von vielen kleinen typischen französischen Geschäften und C
20613	calme, lumineux, proximité métro, quartier très agréable et sûr parking couvert	20 ème arrondissement, charmant studio calme, lumineux, équipé, entièrement refait à neuf Entrée, pièce principale, salle de bain avec douche et WC Connexion internet Place de parking au sous-sol de la résidence    calme, lumineux, proximité métro, quartier très agréable et sûr parking couvert cafés, restaurant, cinéma, théâtre, tous commerces  A l'accueil Métro ligne 3, station Gambetta
20614	Le logement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il excite en plus du vrai lit un matelas très confortable que vous pourrez l'installer. Chaque personne de plus après la deuxième personnes vous coutera 20 euros. Dans l'appartement, il y a une armoire que vous pourrez utiliser pour mettre vos affaires. Dans l'appartement il y a une chaine hifi que vous pourrez utiliser en sachant que le moins petit problème vous être responsable et vous être dans l'obligation de la rembourser cette chaine hifi. Vous pourrez l'utiliser à partir de 9 heurs du matin jusqu'à 22 heurs. Il y a une télévision. C'est la même règle que la chaine hifi. L'appartement une grande chambre, il se divise en un petit coin chambre et le petit coin salon. Il y a aussi un frigo, un four éclectique, un micro-onde, des vaisselles pour servir, et serviette, drap pour être (website hidden) y a pas de machine à lavé dans l'appartement, mais à 50 mètres de l'appartement, il existe une laverie.  	Bonjour,  je loue un super beau appartement de 30m² dans paris 20eme arrondissement. Il est neuf, meublé, internet, télévision, chaine hifi. L'appartement dispose d'une petite terrasse afin de bien profiter du soleil à Paris Le logement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il excite en plus du vrai lit un matelas très confortable que vous pourrez l'installer. Chaque personne de plus après la deuxième personnes vous coutera 20 euros. Dans l'appartement, il y a une armoire que vous pourrez utiliser pour mettre vos affaires. Dans l'appartement il y a une chaine hifi que vous pourrez utiliser en sachant que le moins petit problème vous être responsable et vous être dans l'obligation de la rembourser cette chaine hifi. Vous pourrez l'utiliser à partir de 9 heurs du matin jusqu'à 22 heurs. Il y a une télévision. C'est la même règle que la chaine hifi. L'appartement une grande chambre, il se divise en un petit coin chambre et le petit coin salon. Il y a aussi un frigo, un four éclectique, un mi
20615		Deux-pièces
20616		Nous louons les pièces principales d'un grand 2 pièces à Gambetta, au calme, dans une résidence sécurisée, propre et très agréable. Tous commerces à 10 mètres, métro à 50 mètres. A côté du père Lachaise et de parcs.
20617	Practical: wifi, washing machine	The flat is spacious (90m2) and very bright, facing south. You'll enjoy a wide living room, a small terrace and two bathrooms. My flatmate are two lovely 30 years old parisian who'll help you if needed! I have a double bed and I provide the sheets Practical: wifi, washing machine In addition to my room, you'll have access to the kitchen, the living room, the terrace and one of the two bathrooms. I'll be abroad but my flatmates should be here in case you need help! We live next to Gambetta in the 20th district which keeps growing as a more and more popular area of Paris. You'll be able to enjoy many bars and restaurants nearby. You'll also live next to the famous street of Ménilmontant. You can reach fancy places like La Bellevilloise, and the center of Paris is only 15mins away on the metro line 3. Last but not least, if you wanna pay a visit to Jim Morrison, Edith Piaf, Molière or Oscar Wilde, the lovely cemetry of Père Lachaise is two streets away! Gambetta station on metro line 3 is
20618	Apartment crossed by the light without direct screw screw with nice terrace, A large bed for two bedroom, sofa bed in the lounge for a person A fitted kitchen with oven / microwave, fridge and freezer, gas hob, wifi elevator, quiet ( 8th floor), tv	"Very pleasant : double bedroom , lounge with sofa bed, TV, balcony , parquet floor. Close to the "" Pere Lachaise "" , next to the metro ( 3) that gives you quick access to the ""central"" place de la République . Apartment crossed by the light without direct screw screw with nice terrace, A large bed for two bedroom, sofa bed in the lounge for a person A fitted kitchen with oven / microwave, fridge and freezer, gas hob, wifi elevator, quiet ( 8th floor), tv restaurants, the french bakerie, market, metropolitan, Pere Lachaise,...etc 3 minute walk to Père-Lachaise, 4 metro stops from the Place de la République, 6 metro stops from the Buttes Chaumont Park, 3 minutes walk from the "" campaign in Paris "","
20619	Lovely small flat located in Paris next to Philippe Auguste metro station. 28 square meters with an independent kitchen and a large bathroom. The flat has large windows and is oriented south-west, it is very light. This is the place I live in, I rent it while I'm on vacation, a friend in Paris will give you the keys. I rent it for at least 2 days (not less), it'll be clean and functional when you enter, please ensure that it'll be also when you leave. Enjoy your stay in Paris!	Lovely small flat located in Paris next to Philippe Auguste metro station. 28 square meters with an independent kitchen and a large bathroom. The flat has large windows and is oriented south-west, it is very light. This is the place I live in, I rent it while I'm on vacation, a friend in Paris will give you the keys. I rent it for at least 2 days (not less), it'll be clean and functional when you enter, please ensure that it'll be also when you leave. Enjoy your stay in Paris!
20620		Situé proche du quartier Ménilmontant, ce beau 3 pièces situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur et balcon sera l'endroit idéal pour vos séjours d'affaire ou de loisir dans la capitale. Accès direct par tramway ou métro à tous les lieux touristiques.
20621	We rent our lovely 2 rooms apartment, quiet and sunny in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, between Jourdain and Gambetta, in the neighbourhood of Belleville. The apartment is very quiet and the windows, which offer a large view over Paris until the Panthéon, overlook a shared garden on one part, and a yard on the other part. We have a fully equipped Kitchen with induction cooker, a modern oven, a coffee maker, wash machine and a dry cleaner.. We also have a Home Cinema and the Wifi.	We rent our cosy apartment of 40 m2, quiet and sunny, surrounded by a yard and a garden, with a beautiful view all over Paris.Fully-equipped kitchen. Next to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Parc de Belleville. Very pleasent area with friendly cafes. We rent our lovely 2 rooms apartment, quiet and sunny in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, between Jourdain and Gambetta, in the neighbourhood of Belleville. The apartment is very quiet and the windows, which offer a large view over Paris until the Panthéon, overlook a shared garden on one part, and a yard on the other part. We have a fully equipped Kitchen with induction cooker, a modern oven, a coffee maker, wash machine and a dry cleaner.. We also have a Home Cinema and the Wifi. Located in the middle of a very pleasant and typically parisian area, you'll find just at the foot of the building some shops, cafés, bars and restaurants, and also the market that comes in the street 2 times a week. For more quiet, the park of Belleville and t
20622	Ligne 1 arrêt porte de vincennes ou ligne 9 arrêt maraichers	Studio accueillant, calme et fonctionnel , idéal pour 2 personnes (canapé lit de bonne qualité, machine a laver, plaque de cuisson et four micro onde) A 5 minutes à pied de la station métro ligne 1 porte de vincennes, direct pour les Champs Elysées ou métro ligne 9 maraîchers Ligne 1 arrêt porte de vincennes ou ligne 9 arrêt maraichers Machine a laver, Tv, wifi Ligne 1 arrêt porte de vincennes ou ligne 9 arrêt maraichers
20623	Appartement de charme tout confort de 86m² situé dans le XXème arrondissement. Grand Salon | Cuisine américaine  Appartement donnant sur jardin paysager intérieur 	Nous disposons d'une chambre confortable, calme, toutes commodités. Situés dans le 20ème arrondissement, nous mettons à disposition notre espace de vie et notre bonne humeur! Appartement de charme tout confort de 86m² situé dans le XXème arrondissement. Grand Salon | Cuisine américaine  Appartement donnant sur jardin paysager intérieur Salon 2 salles de bain Balcon Wifi Machine à laver | Dressing séchant Pas d'animaux Pas de bruit après 22H30 en semaine Nous sommes un duo commissaire d'exposition/ingénieur en informatique.  Nous proposons de partager nos compétences et passions avec tous les résidents. Appartement, située au coeur d'un quartier familial et résidentiel, les environs proposent différents cadres ouverts à toutes les aspirations. L'atypisme bohème et chaleureux caractéristique du haut XXème arrondissement trouve ici une expression joviale et intimiste. Stations de métro: Jourdain, Télégraphe, Place des Fêtes, proche Gambetta, Porte de Bagnolet, Porte des Lilas. Bus: 96, 26
20624	Come and experience the young and trendy tremendous parisian life! As I frequently travel to France's countryside, I rent wy lovely self-decorated place in Paris. Located a minute from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, this is a 40m2 two bedrooms appartement. A 2 minutes walk from Gambetta's station on line 3 which will take you to the center of Paris. You are only 15 minutes away from the famous shopping spot the Galleries Lafayette and from the Opera. Gambetta is a convenient hub for bus and metro connections throughout Paris to St Michel, St Gemain , Luxembourg, Eiffel Tower and musée d'orsay. Two parks are by walking distance: the Buttes Chaumont and the Belleville Park. There is also a station with public bikes. The street is very quiet and the neighborhood safe, you won't have trouble sleeping since you won't hear a noise. Also, is has a traditionnal 1920 look. The main room has a comfy feeling with its big couch that can become a bed and accomodate two people. The appartement i	Quiet and cosy place in a lively neigborhood. 10 minutes from central Paris, easy access through line 3, close to metro stations. Can host up to 4, every thing is provided.  Come and experience the young and trendy tremendous parisian life! As I frequently travel to France's countryside, I rent wy lovely self-decorated place in Paris. Located a minute from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, this is a 40m2 two bedrooms appartement. A 2 minutes walk from Gambetta's station on line 3 which will take you to the center of Paris. You are only 15 minutes away from the famous shopping spot the Galleries Lafayette and from the Opera. Gambetta is a convenient hub for bus and metro connections throughout Paris to St Michel, St Gemain , Luxembourg, Eiffel Tower and musée d'orsay. Two parks are by walking distance: the Buttes Chaumont and the Belleville Park. There is also a station with public bikes. The street is very quiet and the neighborhood safe, you won't have trouble sleeping since you won'
20625	Downstairs the kitchen leads to a dining room with lots of natural light. There are two upstair rooms; one bedroom and an artist studio with book shelves on one side and a sofa for any extra guest. The toilet and the bathroom are downstairs with a shower fitted with a good quality high pressure shower head.	We are welcoming you in our beautiful haven tucked in the greenery of a little courtyard. This is a one-bedroom house with a big spare room fitted with a sofa for one. The house is equipped with all modern appliances and high speed internet. Downstairs the kitchen leads to a dining room with lots of natural light. There are two upstair rooms; one bedroom and an artist studio with book shelves on one side and a sofa for any extra guest. The toilet and the bathroom are downstairs with a shower fitted with a good quality high pressure shower head. Access to the whole house is included in the price. We will welcome you on the day of your arrival to give you the key to the house and provide you with all necessary details, but there will be no further interaction unless you need help or have a question. The house is part of a little cluster of a few more built in the same style in the last century. Neighbours are quiet and respectful. Fantastic public transport links to the city. The nearest
20626	The apartment is 23 meter square nicely equipped. There is one bedroom with a bed (120x180cm). In the living room there is a sofa bed and a kitchenette. The apartment can receive 3 persons. I specify the bathroom is small but usable.  There is the wifi and all the utilities to cook.	Charming 2 rooms apartment in a nice area in 20th district (Ménilmontant /Gambetta). It is a 23 meter square nicely equipped. There is one bedroom and  a living room with a kitchenette. The apartment is 23 meter square nicely equipped. There is one bedroom with a bed (120x180cm). In the living room there is a sofa bed and a kitchenette. The apartment can receive 3 persons. I specify the bathroom is small but usable.  There is the wifi and all the utilities to cook. The apartment is close to concert hall: La Bellevilloise and La Maroquinnerie.  This places offer some bar, restaurant and nightclub. You will find a lot of groceries.      The apartment is ten minutes' walk from the cemetery Père Lachaise and the park Buttes Chaumont.  Nearest subway station : Ménilmontant (Ligne 2) / Gambetta (Ligne 3) Nearest bus station : Ligne 96 bus stop Pyrénées Ménilmontant Ligne 26 bus stop Pyrénées Ménilmontant I provide sheets and towels. 
20627	Thank to its high position, the flat offers an amazing brightness. It features a lovely balcony covered up with grass and bamboo fences for more privacy. You will able to appreciate the sunrise and the calm from this panorama. Ideally located, the studio is fully furnished and will provide you the expected comfort for a perfect journey in Paris.	"The 20th district is nowadays one of the hottest and most popular spot in Paris. Thank to its alternative places to go out, eat and drink, you will experience either a calm, historical and animated neighborhood.  Nevertheless, prices are very friendly then you will be able to experience the real local Parisian lifestyle. A 5 minutes walk away will bring you to many grocery shops, bakeries, outdoor markets (twice a week), but also to the famous ""Père Lachaise"" cemetery . The area is perfectly served with metro, trams, buses and night buses. International Bus Station (Euroline, ID Bus in 10') République with Metro 3 (direct in 10') Bastille with Bus 61 (direct in 20') Montmartre with Metro 3&2 (20') Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysée with Bus 69 (direct in 30')"
20628	Very spacious, easy to move in, large kitchen, confortable bedrooms, a playing room is also available for kids. It is ideal for families looking for a haven between two long walks in the city of lights!	1290 sq foot apartment, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, very spacious, uncluttered decoration,big balcony full of flowers, very quiet and typical neighborhoods of Paris Very spacious, easy to move in, large kitchen, confortable bedrooms, a playing room is also available for kids. It is ideal for families looking for a haven between two long walks in the city of lights! You will have acces to the entire apartment; a typical neighborhood of Paris, the apartement is at walking distance of 2 ver lively marketplaces. You will be 5 minutes away form the famous Père Lachaise cemetery, not too far from Nation Place (45 min train to DinsneyLand Paris). You can also enjoy a nice glass of wine on Place de la Réunion, watching the baroque yellow fountain, having diner in the neversleeping Vignoles street. 5 subway stations : Alexandre Dumas and Buzenval 1 train sation to DisnayLand Paris (45 min) : Nation  Lots of buses
20629	I rent an apartment of 86 m2 with 3 beautiful rooms , including a child , in a very nice neighborhood of the capital. Apartment very bright with large windows and 2 large balconies with unobstructed view vis -à-vis . The apartment has an entrance , a beautiful fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , washing machine , oven , fridge, freezer , hob ) opening onto a living room of 30 m2 . The bathroom is with bathtub. The apartment is very quiet and surrounded by greenery. All rooms except 1 bedroom, open to balconies ! Internet access , TV with fiber broadband box . A 2 minute walk from the subway Telegraph . A 5 minutes walk from Jordan subway. The Telegraph subway is located 10 minutes by metro from Chatelet , center of Paris. Shops , bars, restaurants , Olympic swimming pool , cinema, theaters nearby. Parc des Buttes Chaumont nearby. Bed linen provided. Bath towels provided .	Very bright apartment with large windows and 3 large balconies with a view. Calm and greenery 12 minutes by subway from the center of Paris ! I rent an apartment of 86 m2 with 3 beautiful rooms , including a child , in a very nice neighborhood of the capital. Apartment very bright with large windows and 2 large balconies with unobstructed view vis -à-vis . The apartment has an entrance , a beautiful fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , washing machine , oven , fridge, freezer , hob ) opening onto a living room of 30 m2 . The bathroom is with bathtub. The apartment is very quiet and surrounded by greenery. All rooms except 1 bedroom, open to balconies ! Internet access , TV with fiber broadband box . A 2 minute walk from the subway Telegraph . A 5 minutes walk from Jordan subway. The Telegraph subway is located 10 minutes by metro from Chatelet , center of Paris. Shops , bars, restaurants , Olympic swimming pool , cinema, theaters nearby. Parc des Buttes Chaumont nearby. Bed linen provi
20630	The flat has two bedrooms (bed for one in each of them) that look onto the interior garden, a bathroom (washing-machine available), an equipped kitchen and a large living room, very luminous. Sofa bed (for two) and extra mattress available in the living room.	"3 rooms apartment (67m2), luminous and calm, in a very well connected area. 3rd floor, elevator and parking space.  2 beds 90x200 + 1 sofa bed 140x200, 1 mattress 90x200  Nice area, ideal for families and couples. The flat has two bedrooms (bed for one in each of them) that look onto the interior garden, a bathroom (washing-machine available), an equipped kitchen and a large living room, very luminous. Sofa bed (for two) and extra mattress available in the living room. The guests have access to the whole flat but to a small room that we use as a closet. We will be reachable any time by phone. In case or emergency, our neighbor and friend Alexis can help you. The neighborhood is very nice, familial and lively. Our street is calm and leads into ""rue d'Avron"", where all kinds of shops may be found (supermarkets, butchery, bakery, etc.), so as cafés and restaurants. There is a market two times a week close to our place. We are 15 minutes walk away from ""Père Lachaise"" cemetery, 15 minutes "
20631	The accommodation can welcome up to 4 people at the most. The apartment is equipped with all the necessity to live there comfortably. The flat is ideal to spend holidays in Paris.	"Nice flat in the center of Paris. The appartment is very close to the famous cemetry ""Père Lachaise"". Take advantage of its fully-equipped kitchen, and its closeness with the subway The accommodation can welcome up to 4 people at the most. The apartment is equipped with all the necessity to live there comfortably. The flat is ideal to spend holidays in Paris. The travelers have access to all the accommodation I am never present in the accommodation. I can on the other hand be reachable by telephone at any time. The travelers can benefit from numerous advice(councils) to facilitate their stay in the capital. Gambetta is a district of dynamic junior executives of the municipality of Paris 20. See this link to be made a more precise idea: (website hidden) Subway station Gambetta on line 3"
20632	Large and spacious apartment, bureau, large and small living , 2 bedrooms and two bathrooms(showers).  2 Water-closet : one in a shower room, another one separated.  Cable TV with canal+ (movies, sport), Internet WIFi. Complete kitchen. Washing machine;  Bedrooms:  one bedroom with queen size (1,60m) another with two separate or joined single beds depending on the use. Grand balcony (20m) with blind, tables and chairs for breakfast or meal.  2 elevators, doorwoman, digicode.	2 bedrooms & bathrooms. Office and small living In a popular and traditionnal district in Paris. To day in a process of gentrification mainly around the Place Gambetta. Three theaters, several restaurants, cinemas. Subway at 3 minutes on line 3. Large and spacious apartment, bureau, large and small living , 2 bedrooms and two bathrooms(showers).  2 Water-closet : one in a shower room, another one separated.  Cable TV with canal+ (movies, sport), Internet WIFi. Complete kitchen. Washing machine;  Bedrooms:  one bedroom with queen size (1,60m) another with two separate or joined single beds depending on the use. Grand balcony (20m) with blind, tables and chairs for breakfast or meal.  2 elevators, doorwoman, digicode. Total access to the apartment excepted private dressing room. We welcome always our guests and give the main guidelines. A parent or the doorwoman can receive the keys at the end of the stay. Guest could call us to our country house with our local phone. Popular and traditi
20633	Charmant petit 2  pièces calme lumineux , situé entre Nation et le Père Lachaise. 2 métros à moins de 5 minutes de l' appartement. Ligne 2 station Avron ou ligne 9 station Buzenval 28 m² 4ème étage sans ascenseur, vue dégagée, quartier calme et agréable. Très bien desservi par les transports et les commerces, restaurants, bars  etc..... A moins de 5 mn de l'appartement vous trouverez Rue d' Avron tous les commerces alimentaires : boulangeries, traiteur, fromager, Surgeler Picard, boucher, grand supermarché .....pharmacie, banque, et petits commerces de tous genres.   L'appartement est à 5 minutes de la place de la Nation et proche du célèbre cimetière du père Lachaise. Tous les mercredi et samedi vous avez un grand marché de fruits et légumes viandes, poissons ect ....à 5 minutes  à pieds. La vie de quartier est plutôt  calme et agréable vous avez du choix pour les restaurants brasseries etc..... Vous êtes a 15 minutes du sacré cœur au coeur de Montmartre ligne 2 directe.  A 15 minutes	 Charmant petit 2  pièces calme lumineux , situé entre Nation et le Père Lachaise. 2 métros à moins de 5 minutes de l' appartement. Ligne 2 station Avron ou ligne 9 station Buzenval 28 m² 4ème étage sans ascenseur, vue dégagée, quartier calme et agréable. Très bien desservi par les transports et les commerces, restaurants, bars  etc..... A moins de 5 mn de l'appartement vous trouverez Rue d' Avron tous les commerces alimentaires : boulangeries, traiteur, fromager, Surgeler Picard, boucher, grand supermarché .....pharmacie, banque, et petits commerces de tous genres.   L'appartement est à 5 minutes de la place de la Nation et proche du célèbre cimetière du père Lachaise. Tous les mercredi et samedi vous avez un grand marché de fruits et légumes viandes, poissons ect ....à 5 minutes  à pieds. La vie de quartier est plutôt  calme et agréable vous avez du choix pour les restaurants brasseries etc..... Vous êtes a 15 minutes du sacré cœur au coeur de Montmartre ligne 2 directe.  A 15 minute
20634	Our apartment is located on the second floor of a recent building, with an elevator. The apartment is quiet and strategically distributed: the main entrance leads to a spacious kitchen on the left and a vast living-room on the right. The living-room is very bright and a light curtain guarantees privacy.  The kitchen brings all modern confort: induction hob, convection oven, vent hood, washing-machine/dryer, dishwasher and all kind of small home appliance.  There are two sleeping-rooms in the second part of the apartment, as well as the bathroom (with a bathtube) and separate watercloset. From five minutes walking, you can find numerous typical French restaurants, bars, cafes and even nightclubs, concert halls, theaters and a cinema (MK2). There are also lots of shops, particularly in the rue des Pyrénées. The famous Pere-Lachaise graveyard is about sept minutes walking and the beautiful Buttes-Chaumont park is about fifteen minutes walking. The Gambetta metro station (L3) is six minute	Our apartment is located on the second floor of a recent building, with an elevator. The apartment is quiet and strategically distributed: the main entrance leads to a spacious kitchen on the left and a vast living-room on the right. The living-room is very bright and a light curtain guarantees privacy.  The kitchen brings all modern confort: induction hob, convection oven, vent hood, washing-machine/dryer, dishwasher and all kind of small home appliance.  There are two sleeping-rooms in the second part of the apartment, as well as the bathroom (with a bathtube) and separate watercloset. From five minutes walking, you can find numerous typical French restaurants, bars, cafes and even nightclubs, concert halls, theaters and a cinema (MK2). There are also lots of shops, particularly in the rue des Pyrénées. The famous Pere-Lachaise graveyard is about sept minutes walking and the beautiful Buttes-Chaumont park is about fifteen minutes walking. The Gambetta metro station (L3) is six minute
20635	Very nice apartment, bright with the sun all afternoon (south west) but nice and cool in summer because it is well ventilated with three windows. The apartment offers a clear view of Paris and surrounding areas (you can even see the hills of Versailles and the Eiffel tour), and it is very quiet (I have the feeling of having no neighbors). It overlooks a small garden and a very low traffic street. The apartment is on the 4th floor ( not tiring). The apartment is 20m ² with an entrance / kitchen and a dining table. In the bedroom / livingroom there are a small table and a  very comfortable bed (it is a bz with big mattress) convertible sofa. The bathroom is very clean with a shower and a window. The kitchen is fully equipped and there is an internet connection. The painting of the apartment has just been redone. I love this apartment, it is so quiet that manages to escape from Paris and I can sleep with the windows open. The best time is at sunset, seen stunning Parisian sky and at the n	At the heart of Ménilmontant, old typical district of Paris. Lovely appartment, bright, views of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. Quiet, overlooking a garden. Located on a street with lots of cafes and restaurants. Ideal and romantic for a couple. Very nice apartment, bright with the sun all afternoon (south west) but nice and cool in summer because it is well ventilated with three windows. The apartment offers a clear view of Paris and surrounding areas (you can even see the hills of Versailles and the Eiffel tour), and it is very quiet (I have the feeling of having no neighbors). It overlooks a small garden and a very low traffic street. The apartment is on the 4th floor ( not tiring). The apartment is 20m ² with an entrance / kitchen and a dining table. In the bedroom / livingroom there are a small table and a  very comfortable bed (it is a bz with big mattress) convertible sofa. The bathroom is very clean with a shower and a window. The kitchen is fully equipped and there is an internet
20636		Ce studio est fonctionnel avec en prime un petit balcon plein sud! Situé à 2 pas de la place de la Nation donc accès à de nombreux métro, il est idéal pour visiter Paris et même ses environs (Bois de Vincennes par exemple).
20637	dans Paris, proche Rue Saint-Blaise, Père Lachaise,  accès à Porte de la Villette directement par tram, autolib au bas de l'immeuble, bus 57 pour Jardin des Plantes, Mosquée de Paris, bus 76 pour Bastille... Bus direct pour l'aéroport Roissy C. de Gaulle., tout proche station de bus Gallieni Eurolines! 	"Neuf et tout équipé, haut de plafond,charmant,lumineux, déco sympa et parquet. 51 m2,1 chambre avec lit double,1chambre lit simple.Piano, livres...Parfait pour un couple avec enfant, ou trois amis pas compliqués.Possibilité de mettre un lit de bébé. dans Paris, proche Rue Saint-Blaise, Père Lachaise,  accès à Porte de la Villette directement par tram, autolib au bas de l'immeuble, bus 57 pour Jardin des Plantes, Mosquée de Paris, bus 76 pour Bastille... Bus direct pour l'aéroport Roissy C. de Gaulle., tout proche station de bus Gallieni Eurolines! idées de restaurants agréables, bons et pas trop chers, idées théâtre et cinéma Quartier populaire et simple avec des coins sympas : rue Saint-Blaise avec ses rues pavéesses restaurants sympathiques, une belle galerie, rue de Bagnolet nous trouvons le sympathique café théâtre concerts ""l'Ogresse"", la Flèche d'Or, Mama Shelter, rue des Vignoles, avec ses nouveaux cafés et boutiques branchées... Porte de Bagnolet : Tram 3bis, Métro 3 (une stati"
20638	Nice apartement of 47m2,1 parental bedroom with double bed, 1 bedroom with simple bed, 1 living room. Beautiful bathroom with shower cubicle and toilets, reacheable by the parental room. Lots of natural light, south-est exposure. Kitchen equiped with fridge, laundry machine, micro wave oven and induction plate. French television, Hi-fi stereo system, internet access with ethernet or Wi-fi. Very quiet street in an busy neighborhood.	3 rooms, quiet and cozy, in a nice neighborhood of Paris, with easy access to the subway and bus lines. Nice apartement of 47m2,1 parental bedroom with double bed, 1 bedroom with simple bed, 1 living room. Beautiful bathroom with shower cubicle and toilets, reacheable by the parental room. Lots of natural light, south-est exposure. Kitchen equiped with fridge, laundry machine, micro wave oven and induction plate. French television, Hi-fi stereo system, internet access with ethernet or Wi-fi. Very quiet street in an busy neighborhood. On the fifth floor, no elevator, secured building with two front doors. Owner living nearby, available for advices about the city and the neighborhood. English spoken. Very busy neighborhood, with all stores around, clothes, foods such as market gardner, butcher, fishstall, cheesemonger and wine merchant at 150m. Tobacconist, banks, pharmacy and hospital around the Gambetta square. Cinema and theatre at the corner. Lots of pubs, restaurants and cafés-bistr
20639	Large private outdoor garden & terrace with a BBQ grill. One Double bedroom with bathroom (Shower & Bath) 1 single Bedroom. Toilets up & down. Easy access to subway lines. Apartment is very quiet at night, a relaxing place to let your mind rest!  Cosy place to relax after a busy day in Paris. Shopping magasin Printemps 2 mn walking, restaurants and Bois de Vincennes with beautiful lake 10mn walk perfect for running! Gym one block away. 	Charming townhouse with private garden and terrace in Paris. Cozy, comfortable, and spacious. Nearby Bois de Vincennes and Nation. Easy access to subway lines. The house is very quiet day & night.  WI Fi Free access and Cable TV International. Large private outdoor garden & terrace with a BBQ grill. One Double bedroom with bathroom (Shower & Bath) 1 single Bedroom. Toilets up & down. Easy access to subway lines. Apartment is very quiet at night, a relaxing place to let your mind rest!  Cosy place to relax after a busy day in Paris. Shopping magasin Printemps 2 mn walking, restaurants and Bois de Vincennes with beautiful lake 10mn walk perfect for running! Gym one block away. The whole house will be yours. We have a cat 'Yoshi', she will be in the house while you are there, she is most of the time outside and very independent except for food bien sûr. We will meet you at the house when you arrive and show you around. Bois de Vincennes & the lake Markets places: St Mandé on Thursday & Su
20640	Appartement jeune, propre et vivant ! Un couloir desservant toutes les pièces rend cet appartement très fonctionnel ! Balcon.	Bonjour!   Quartier agréable et secure. Proche toute commodités. Près des Buttes Chaumont et du Parc de Belleville Métro Télégraphe à 150m: ligne 11 Chambre lumineuse dans une coloc jeune et accueillante! Appartement jeune, propre et vivant ! Un couloir desservant toutes les pièces rend cet appartement très fonctionnel ! Balcon. Une chambre privée avec un lit double et des rangements, balcon. Une cuisine toute équipée: machine à laver, four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur, toasteur, bouilloire, plaques de cuisson. Une salle de bain avec lavabo et baignoire, rangements. Un WC séparé. Je suis pour la rencontre et le dialogue ! Et pour le respect de l'intimité de chacun. J'aime sa sécurité et son côté populaire et chaleureux ! Métro Télégraphe: ligne 11 (République en 7mn, Châtelet en 15mn) Tramway 3b Porte des Lilas Bus 60, 48
20641	You have two separate bedrooms.  A shower room with toilet. A dining space with a table for 4, and a sofa. Fully equiped kitchen. In each bedroom you a cupboard and a bed of size 140x200.	A very easy going and alive street near with music bars and fine restaurants. The three rooms at first floor flat have the comfort you need for a stay in  Paris at two or four. A little kitchen for any cooking need. The metro? Ménilmontant of course! You have two separate bedrooms.  A shower room with toilet. A dining space with a table for 4, and a sofa. Fully equiped kitchen. In each bedroom you a cupboard and a bed of size 140x200. You have a landline phone in the flat to reach us anytime. After booking, I communicate all our phone numbers: mine, the one of my husband, the one of my trustful cooperator. No excuse to say I am not... reachable! During arrival time, I supervise the work of my cooperators as I cannot personally receive all the guests despite I would like it. From the landline you can do Free calls to French landlines and mobiles and to landlines of 100 countries. The inhabitants of the building are very nice and you will live with Parisians people. We like the very aliv
20642	"Appartement de 43m3 Pour 2 personnes, au deuxième étage (sans ascenseur) Très calme et lumineux. Je vous accueil chez moi, vous aurez accès à tout. Ce n'est donc pas un appartement ""hotel"" mais bien l'appartement d'une parisienne 43m3 flat, for 2 persons 2nd floor (no lift) realy quiet and bright. It's my flat so it's not an ""hotel"" flat, but the flat of a rel parisian."	"Appartement de 45m3 très calme sur cour, double vitrage, lumineux. Quartier offrant les meilleurs facilitées de déplacement. Une vraie vie de quartier, Supermarché, Boulangerie, et tout commerce en bas de l'immeuble. de nombreux restaurants. Appartement de 43m3 Pour 2 personnes, au deuxième étage (sans ascenseur) Très calme et lumineux. Je vous accueil chez moi, vous aurez accès à tout. Ce n'est donc pas un appartement ""hotel"" mais bien l'appartement d'une parisienne 43m3 flat, for 2 persons 2nd floor (no lift) realy quiet and bright. It's my flat so it's not an ""hotel"" flat, but the flat of a rel parisian. Wifi Tv Machine à lavé le linge / washing machine Four / Oven Micro onde / Micro wave Plaque induction / Induction plate Bouilloire électrique / Kettle Machine a cahé Nespresso / Nespresso coffe Machine Refrigerateur / Fridge Seche cheveux / Hair dryer Fer à repassé / Iron Linge de maison fourni / Household linen Ordinateur PC / computer  Je serais sur place pour vous accueillir et "
20643	Our appartment, is a 45m2 1 bedroom appartement, you will have access to the bedroom with a king size bed, the living room, a fully equipped kitchen, including dishwahsing machine a small bathroom.	We are proposing our apartment while away on vacation, it offers a living room, bedroom and fully equipped kitchen. It located in a lively neighbourhood rich with local shops, restaurant and café. Our appartment, is a 45m2 1 bedroom appartement, you will have access to the bedroom with a king size bed, the living room, a fully equipped kitchen, including dishwahsing machine a small bathroom. Jourdain neighborhood is a truly friendly and authentic Parisien area, protected from the crowed parts, it is filled with small local shops, restaurants and cafés. There is also a market on Sunday in the nearby Place des Fêtes.  5 mn from the appartment by foot, is the large parc of Buttes Chaumont, where people from the neighboor come to have picnic and spend time with family and friends.   Underground ligne 11 will take to Republique in 10 min and Chatelet 15min. From Republic or Chatelet stations you can connect to almost any other subway lines in Paris. Subway line 11, Jourdain station.
20644	Maison de plein pied dans un vieux passage parisien. Cours privative, fleurie et cosy. Grand espace intérieur chaleureux. Tranquille, où les oiseaux et les chats se plaisent...	A full foot loft in a typically Parisian passage. With raised and flowery privative courtyard. Big cosy space with exposed beams, mocked furniture, paints on walls and carpets on ground. Real haven of peace : the country side into Paris.
20645	IDEAL FOR A FAMILY. 65sq meter  very luminous appartment, comfortable and practical. Spacious living room, with convertible sofa, quiet sunny balcony. Fully equipped eat-in kitchen. Kids' room for 2. Bedroom with double bed. Bathroom with tub. Separate toilet. On the 4th floor, with a lift. Up to 6 people. 	Our appartment is ideally located in a true Parisian area. Family friendly as well as lots to do if you fancy eating out or having a drink down the road... Paris is all yours, by foot, bicycle or metro! IDEAL FOR A FAMILY. 65sq meter  very luminous appartment, comfortable and practical. Spacious living room, with convertible sofa, quiet sunny balcony. Fully equipped eat-in kitchen. Kids' room for 2. Bedroom with double bed. Bathroom with tub. Separate toilet. On the 4th floor, with a lift. Up to 6 people. Bed linen and towels provided. Please use anything you need and replace it if empty. Toys, etc. We are happy to answer any question about your stay in Paris. Two minutes away from famous Pere Lachaise cemetery. Everything you need just down the road: grocery stores, fresh food market, bakery shops, organic food stores, etc. Children playareas. Trendy restaurants and cafes also down the road.. 2 Metro stations close by: Alexandre Dumas (line 2) or Buzenval (line 9). RER Nation 15 minut
20646	Very nice one bedroom flat in the east of Paris, with a dining area, lounge area and tastefully arranged room, on the 2nd floor of a  3 floor building, just steps from the Père Lachaise cemetery, and not far from the cool areas of paris, Oberkampf , Ménilmontant, etc.  It's more fun and cheaper than the hotel!  The flat is decorated in  a contemporary yet cosy style. The flat has high ceilings, traditional french windows, a lounge with a large sofa, kitchen and separate dining room, and a shower room. The flat is a quick walk from the metro lines 3bis and 11. The M11 will take you directly to the place de la République, but also straight to the Hôtel de Ville (City Hall of Paris), where it is just a short walk to Notre Dame de Paris, Le Marais and the Latin Quarter. For all informations: Address, price, amenities ... You know what you have to do! Enjoy your stay!	Very nice one bedroom flat in the east of Paris, with a dining area, lounge area and tastefully arranged room, on the 2nd floor of a  3 floor building, just steps from the Père Lachaise cemetery, and not far from the cool areas of paris, Oberkampf , Ménilmontant, etc.  It's more fun and cheaper than the hotel!  The flat is decorated in  a contemporary yet cosy style. The flat has high ceilings, traditional french windows, a lounge with a large sofa, kitchen and separate dining room, and a shower room. The flat is a quick walk from the metro lines 3bis and 11. The M11 will take you directly to the place de la République, but also straight to the Hôtel de Ville (City Hall of Paris), where it is just a short walk to Notre Dame de Paris, Le Marais and the Latin Quarter. For all informations: Address, price, amenities ... You know what you have to do! Enjoy your stay!
20647	Habité par une famille avec 2 enfants (6 et 10 ans), l'appartement appartient à une Designer norvégienne. Régulièrement pris comme décor pour photo de magazine. La terrasse de plus de 40m2 lui donne un côté unique à Paris, surtout en été !	Habité par une famille avec 2 enfants (6 et 10 ans), l'appartement appartient à une Designer norvégienne. Régulièrement pris comme décor pour photo de magazine. La terrasse de plus de 40m2 lui donne un côté unique à Paris, surtout en été ! 45€ en taxi de l'aéroport de Roissy Charle de Gaule 25€ en taxi de l'aéroport d'Orly Appartement de qualité pour voyageurs en couple ou avec enfants, respectant les lieux Quartier familiale et très sympa A 2 pas de Nation, l'appartement est bien situé. 
20648	27 square meters Charming Personnal Original Good location	RENTALS MINIMUM ONE WEEK (300euros). One bedroom apartment (27 square meters), located in the east of Paris, in a very nice and lively neighborhood (Gambetta), this typical Parisian appartment (Haussmannian style) is very light and calm. 27 square meters Charming Personnal Original Good location the whole apartment. I'll give the guests my phone number in case of any request during their stay. Very nice. Lively Lots of food shops, cafés, restaurants, bars,etc... The location is very convenient for metro and buses :  Five minutes by foot from the famous Père Lachaise cemetery. Five minutes from the place Gambetta and the  Gambetta metro station (line 3) Direct Metro line 3 to Place de la Republique, to the famous Garnier Opera house and  to the “Grand magasins” Parisian famous department stores. Direct Buses 61, 69 and 96 to Le marais/ Chatelet  place de la Bastille, and Louvre museum (Notre-dame cathedral, the Seine river banksides)and direct bus 26 to the famous Buttes Chaumont Park. 
20649	Si vous aimez le vintage et les vides-greniers,  ce refuge parisien est idéal.  Pas de télé : obligés de sortir, vous serez.  Pas de micro-ondes : en cuisine, vous ferez mijoter.  	Si vous aimez le vintage et les vides-greniers,  ce refuge parisien est idéal.  Pas de télé : obligés de sortir, vous serez.  Pas de micro-ondes : en cuisine, vous ferez mijoter.   Les Buttes Chaumont, le Père-Lachaise, le Parc de Belleville sont à 10 minutes à pied.  Tout pour vivre un hymne à l'amour dans le cadre authentique et raffiné d'Hôtel Mimi, pour un séjour inoubliable dans le Paris d'Edith Piaf… Ménilmontant fait vibrer mon coeur depuis toujours.  Si vous avez la main verte, arrosage des plantes sur le balcon pour une ambiance bucolique en plein coeur de la ville, à gagner après 6 étages à pied vite oubliés !  Regorgeant de ruelles pavées et d'adresses gourmandes côtées ( le Roseval place Maurice Chevalier ), de salles de concerts intimistes à la programmation pointue ( à La Maroquinerie, vous y verrez jouer John Cale ou Kim Gordon des Sonic Youth ), de stands exotiques au marché de Belleville ou de bons produits du terroir rue de Pyrénées. Le bus 96 vous fait traverser la c
20650	The appartment is made of a large living room with open kitchen and 2 separate bedrooms (2 double beds + 1 child bed). We had a crush on this appartment, and we have had it totally refurbished in 2013. We love it very much and take great care of it. We hope you will enjoy it as well!  It is located in a typical parisian builduig from the early 20th century. 3 rooms / 70 m² :  - SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM & OPEN KITCHEN (35 m²). Table for 6 pers.  - BEDROOM 1 : smaller bedroom with comfortable double bed (140x190cm) - BEDROOM 2 : larger bedroom with quality sofa bed (140x190cm), baby bed (60x120xm) and changing table. Small balcony over Ménilmontant St with a view over the Church of Ménilmontant - perfect for smokers! - BATHROOM with italian shower and toilet. Double-glazed windows in all rooms.	Shiny, charming & spacious apartment w/ 2 bedrooms A great location in the typical and lively district of Ménilmontant, close to Père Lachaise, Belleville and trendy Oberkampf. A spot to enjoy parisian day- and nightlife!             The appartment is made of a large living room with open kitchen and 2 separate bedrooms (2 double beds + 1 child bed). We had a crush on this appartment, and we have had it totally refurbished in 2013. We love it very much and take great care of it. We hope you will enjoy it as well!  It is located in a typical parisian builduig from the early 20th century. 3 rooms / 70 m² :  - SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM & OPEN KITCHEN (35 m²). Table for 6 pers.  - BEDROOM 1 : smaller bedroom with comfortable double bed (140x190cm) - BEDROOM 2 : larger bedroom with quality sofa bed (140x190cm), baby bed (60x120xm) and changing table. Small balcony over Ménilmontant St with a view over the Church of Ménilmontant - perfect for smokers! - BATHROOM with italian shower and toilet. Do
20651	"Français - English Dans une allée de la ""Campagne à Paris"", en rez de jardin dans une maison individuelle, charmant studio de 25 m2 rénové en été 2011, meublé, calme, pour 2/4 personnes.  Une chambre avec un lit double et une télévision-DVD, un espace salon pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires dans un canapé-lit. Il y est aussi possible de dîner, table ajustable, chaises. La chambre possède aussi une grande armoire et des étagères. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur-congélateur, de plaques vitro céramique, d'un four à micro-ondes, de vaisselles et d'ustensiles de cuisine en tous genres. La salle de bain comprend une douche, un lavabo et des WC. Jardin ombragé de bambous, muni d'un barbecue. Possibilité de dîner dehors. Situé à 2 minutes du métro Ligne 3, ce logement est idéalement situé grâce aux nombreux commerces à proximité mais aussi pour se rendre rapidement sur les sites touristiques parisiens, notamment le cimetière du Père Lachaise à 5 minutes. Equipements : WI"	"Français - English Dans une allée de la ""Campagne à Paris"", en rez de jardin dans une maison individuelle, charmant studio de 25 m2 rénové en été 2011, meublé, calme, pour 2/4 personnes.  Une chambre avec un lit double et une télévision-DVD, un espace salon pouvant accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires dans un canapé-lit. Il y est aussi possible de dîner, table ajustable, chaises. La chambre possède aussi une grande armoire et des étagères. La cuisine est équipée d'un réfrigérateur-congélateur, de plaques vitro céramique, d'un four à micro-ondes, de vaisselles et d'ustensiles de cuisine en tous genres. La salle de bain comprend une douche, un lavabo et des WC. Jardin ombragé de bambous, muni d'un barbecue. Possibilité de dîner dehors. Situé à 2 minutes du métro Ligne 3, ce logement est idéalement situé grâce aux nombreux commerces à proximité mais aussi pour se rendre rapidement sur les sites touristiques parisiens, notamment le cimetière du Père Lachaise à 5 minutes. Equipements : WI"
20652	Appartement très mignon et très calme situé au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. La chambre est située côté cour, ce qui vous assure calme et tranquillité durant votre séjour. Je peux accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes durant le séjour avec le grand lit pour 2 et un canapé-lit pouvant aussi accepter 2 autres personnes..	Très bel appartement cosy de 43m2 dans une belle résidence du 20ème arrondissement. Situé tout près du métro Gambetta et de nombreux commerces...L'appartement est à environ 10 minutes à pied du cimetière du Père Lachaise.. Appartement très mignon et très calme situé au deuxième étage avec ascenseur. La chambre est située côté cour, ce qui vous assure calme et tranquillité durant votre séjour. Je peux accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes durant le séjour avec le grand lit pour 2 et un canapé-lit pouvant aussi accepter 2 autres personnes.. L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec télévision et internet, wifi.. La cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un frigidaire, d'un micro-ondes, plaque vitrocéramique, congélateur, lave linge et lave vaisselle...Entièrement équipé !! Je serais heureux de vous accueillir à votre arrivée pour vous présenter l'appartement et vous montrer sur un plan comment circuler dans Paris avec les transports en commun ainsi que des recommandations sur les commerces et restaur
20653	The full view on East Side of Paris, a nice living room with a big window and a balcony reachable from the bedroom, the livingroom and  the kitchen where you can watch the life of Paris	Welcome to my house, located on the East-Side of Paris, near Place de la Nation. You will be located on the 8th Floor, with a East-facing panorama, perfect for a sunny breakfast. The full view on East Side of Paris, a nice living room with a big window and a balcony reachable from the bedroom, the livingroom and  the kitchen where you can watch the life of Paris Pretty much everything in the house, but not my wardrobe. I will not be there, but I am making a map with nice places around there. Lots of shop, calm neighborhood, easy acces to a lot of public transports, from Nation you will be able to go easily everywhere in Paris and it's the closest/fasest place from Paris to Disneyland Paris I've got a private parking lot, so no problem for a car.
20654	L'appartement est orienté plein ouest. Magnifiques couchers de soleil dans le salon en fin d'après midi !	Belle chambre disposant d'un lit double dans un appartement de trois pièces douillet et charmant. Cuisine équipée et accès internet haut débit.  Nombreuses possibilités de rangement et très facile d'accès par le métro ou le bus! L'appartement est orienté plein ouest. Magnifiques couchers de soleil dans le salon en fin d'après midi ! On vous laisse une petite liste avec les endroits sympas pour diner, prendre un verre, se balader dans le quartier !
20655	L 'appartement est de 35m2 .Mon logement est unique car il est à la fois cosy , confortable , chic , épuré et agréable à vivre . L'appartement donne sur la cour intérieure et pas sur le boulevard , vous serez au  calme.  Quartier en pleine expansion ,  situé proche du parc de Belleville, du cimetière du Père Lachaise mais également de la rue Oberkampf (rue avec de multiples restos et  de bars sympas).  L'appart comprend 3 pièces: la chambre  avec un  grand lit ,  un salon avec un canapé lit qui peut dépanner pour 2 personnes ; la cuisine/salon  avec table, poufs ,  cuisine au gaz, vaisselle...; et la salle de bain  avec une douche.. Draps et serviettes fournis. Vous êtes les bienvenus dans mon joli appartement deux pièces pouvant accueillir confortablement 2 personnes voir 4 personnes.  L’appartement, est situé  entre le quartier Ménilmontant et celui de Belleville . L'appartement est situé au 3 ème étage.	Welcome to Paris ,  Magnifique 2 pièces au coeur du quartier de Belleville Ménilmontant .  Appartement haussmannien , tout équipé:parquet et cheminée d'origine  .  Proche métro + commerces, restos , marché , bars, boites de nuit et salles de concert L 'appartement est de 35m2 .Mon logement est unique car il est à la fois cosy , confortable , chic , épuré et agréable à vivre . L'appartement donne sur la cour intérieure et pas sur le boulevard , vous serez au  calme.  Quartier en pleine expansion ,  situé proche du parc de Belleville, du cimetière du Père Lachaise mais également de la rue Oberkampf (rue avec de multiples restos et  de bars sympas).  L'appart comprend 3 pièces: la chambre  avec un  grand lit ,  un salon avec un canapé lit qui peut dépanner pour 2 personnes ; la cuisine/salon  avec table, poufs ,  cuisine au gaz, vaisselle...; et la salle de bain  avec une douche.. Draps et serviettes fournis. Vous êtes les bienvenus dans mon joli appartement deux pièces pouvant accueillir
20656	"A former building's furnished flat at the 2nd floor. In a quiet and gently street. It has recently  been renovated but the flat keeps its ""parisian look"" with a wood floor and a fireplace.  There is one large bedroom with two simple beds wich can be gathered in one. In the sunny living, there is a sofa bed for a short stay child or adult (the living room is not too big and the sofa bed take place in it). Access to the kitchen by the living.  Little shower room but functional. Kitchen : -Fridge  -Sink -Kitchenware -Flatware, glasses, mugs,... -Ceramic hob -Washing machine (no dish machine) + arrangment for clothes in the bedroom You will be alone in the flat but I live in Paris so I'll be there for your arrival and for any other informations. "	"Lovely little parisian flat in a nice and lively neighborhood. A former building's furnished flat at the 2nd floor. In a quiet and gently street. It has recently  been renovated but the flat keeps its ""parisian look"" with a wood floor and a fireplace.  There is one large bedroom with two simple beds wich can be gathered in one. In the sunny living, there is a sofa bed for a short stay child or adult (the living room is not too big and the sofa bed take place in it). Access to the kitchen by the living.  Little shower room but functional. Kitchen : -Fridge  -Sink -Kitchenware -Flatware, glasses, mugs,... -Ceramic hob -Washing machine (no dish machine) + arrangment for clothes in the bedroom You will be alone in the flat but I live in Paris so I'll be there for your arrival and for any other informations.  20th district is one of the bigest in Paris , your area is quiet and nice.  If you want to take a break in you borough, you can go to the Cimetery of Père Lachaise where are buried Gui"
20657	"Sunny apt. with double exposure, renovated in 2013. The apartment is furnished with a tasteful combination of design and vintage furniture - ideal to receive a couple.  In Summer & Spring the terrace invites  you to eat outside. But there are also plenty of cafés and restaurants on Avenue Gambetta who allow you to discover ""la cuisine française"" or why not ""mondiale""   And last not least, on the ground floor of the building the big PLUS: a very large Monoprix with a delicious fresh food counter open till 10pm (rare in Paris)  "	"Top 9th floor 50 sqm appt overlooking Paris, elevator.  Living, open kitchen, Bedroom with en suite bath. separated WC,  12 sqm terrace ideal for eating outdoor, elevator.  Close to  Père Lachaise cemetery, Place Gambetta, shops, Metro. Sunny apt. with double exposure, renovated in 2013. The apartment is furnished with a tasteful combination of design and vintage furniture - ideal to receive a couple.  In Summer & Spring the terrace invites  you to eat outside. But there are also plenty of cafés and restaurants on Avenue Gambetta who allow you to discover ""la cuisine française"" or why not ""mondiale""   And last not least, on the ground floor of the building the big PLUS: a very large Monoprix with a delicious fresh food counter open till 10pm (rare in Paris)  The guest disposes of the entire flat via e-mail in English, French or German The Avenue Gambetta is a large tree-lined avenue and the main artery of a typical Parisian neighborhood, bustling and alive with multiple cafes bistros a"
20658	Cet appartement au charme ancien est situé au 5 étages (sans ascenseur). Il vous offre une agréable surface compacte et bien conçue et une grande tranquillité grâce à ses fenêtres toutes équipées du double vitrage.	Au cœur de Paris, situé entre le 11ème et le 20ème (donc très bien desservi), mon appartement est situé dans les Hauts d'Oberkampf, un des quartiers les plus animés et dynamiques de la capitale où la gentillesse et la serviabilité sont de mise. Cet appartement au charme ancien est situé au 5 étages (sans ascenseur). Il vous offre une agréable surface compacte et bien conçue et une grande tranquillité grâce à ses fenêtres toutes équipées du double vitrage. Mon appartement est un charmant Studio lumineux à Paris de 38 m², dont 10 m² de mezzanine.  La mezzanine n’est pas accessible à la location, car je loue mon appartement pendant mes vacances et j’y entrepose par conséquent quelques affaires pour vous laisser de la place. Je laisse donc à votre disposition le bas de 28m² toutefois vous bénéficiez de la hauteur de plafond (4 m) ce qui n’est pas négligeable et de la lumière du velux qui donne dans la salle à manger. Ce quartier aux airs de petit village offre une palette de possibilités à
20659	46m² appartment ideal for a young couple! 3min away from Gambetta subway station, and 15/20min from Hôtel de ville by metro, it is ideally located if you want to live like a real parisien. Only 10min away from the best places to go out in Paris (Parmentier, Oberkampf...). Charming Haussman building, kitchen fully equiped (oven, dishwasher, washing machine and drier...). Bathroom with a tub. Very friendly young owner (me) which will leave you some french cooking specialties as welcome gifts and a list of the best restaurants and shops of the neighboorhood. (website hidden)	46m² appartment ideal for a young couple! 3min away from Gambetta subway station, and 15/20min from Hôtel de ville by metro, it is ideally located if you want to live like a real parisien. Only 10min away from the best places to go out in Paris (Parmentier, Oberkampf...). Charming Haussman building, kitchen fully equiped (oven, dishwasher, washing machine and drier...). Bathroom with a tub. Very friendly young owner (me) which will leave you some french cooking specialties as welcome gifts and a list of the best restaurants and shops of the neighboorhood. (website hidden)
20660		Very nice and confortable apartment 20min walking from the center, near the beautiful neighbourhood of Belleville. The apartment is composed of 2 bedrooms and a spacious living room with a 
20661	"The STUDIO 19m2 is located in ""Menilmontant"". This cozy and typical small Parisian studio apartment ( 19m2 ), IS on the first floor of a nice building. Fully renovated in 2010, You Will find all you need to feel like home. There is a luxury sofa bed (140 * 200), a bar and a functional kitchen. Linen Provided IS. Area Located in menilmontant, by the Pere Lachaise Cimetery. More Than A typical room in Hotel and cheaper year, discover Paris by living a real Parisian life! This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your stay, and during this stay I will do my best to help you if needed, for any advice, taxi booking or anything else. Don’t hesitate to ask me any question concerning the apartment and the organisation of your stay in Paris. Hope to see you soon! "	"The STUDIO 19m2 is located in ""Menilmontant"". This cozy and typical small Parisian studio apartment ( 19m2 ), IS on the first floor of a nice building. Fully renovated in 2010, You Will find all you need to feel like home. There is a luxury sofa bed (140 * 200), a bar and a functional kitchen. Linen Provided IS. Area Located in menilmontant, by the Pere Lachaise Cimetery. More Than A typical room in Hotel and cheaper year, discover Paris by living a real Parisian life! This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your stay, and during this stay I will do my best to help you if needed, for any advice, taxi booking or anything else. Don’t hesitate to ask me any question concerning the apartment and the organisation of your stay in Paris. Hope to see you soon! "
20662	"Charmant studio de 25 m2 tout équipé: TV, Wifi, lave-linge séchant... Très fonctionnel au design modern, ce studio est à 2 pas des Buttes-Chaumont, 10 min de république, 15 min de Chatelet, et 20 min de Notre-Dame, et est également très proche de tous transports (Metro, bus et tram) et de tous commerces (franprix, monoprix, tabac, pharmacie, boulangeries, boucheries...) 5min des Buttes-Chaumont 10min de République et du cimetière du Père Lachaise  15min de Châtelet et de Notre-Dame Je reste entièrement joignable pour les voyageurs durant tout leur séjour. Mon cartier est très populaire. Il y reigne une ambiance familiale très agréable Tous types de transports sont très rapidement accessibles. Metro, bus et tramway. L'accès au studio se fait pas les stations ""place des fêtes"" ou ""Jourdain"""	Charmant studio de 25 m2 tout équipé: TV, Wifi, lave-linge séchant... Très fonctionnel au design modern, ce studio est à 2 pas des Buttes-Chaumont, 10 min de république, 15 min de Chatelet, et 20 min de Notre-Dame, et est également très proche de tous transports (Metro, bus et tram) et de tous commerces (franprix, monoprix, tabac, pharmacie, boulangeries, boucheries...). Literie, linge de toilette et produits de base assurés. Charmant studio de 25 m2 tout équipé: TV, Wifi, lave-linge séchant... Très fonctionnel au design modern, ce studio est à 2 pas des Buttes-Chaumont, 10 min de république, 15 min de Chatelet, et 20 min de Notre-Dame, et est également très proche de tous transports (Metro, bus et tram) et de tous commerces (franprix, monoprix, tabac, pharmacie, boulangeries, boucheries...) 5min des Buttes-Chaumont 10min de République et du cimetière du Père Lachaise  15min de Châtelet et de Notre-Dame Je reste entièrement joignable pour les voyageurs durant tout leur séjour. Mon cart
20663	Très bien situé, nombreux commerces, restaurants, galeries d'artistes à proximité. Calme. Transports en commun vers centre ville tout près.  Alternatives: Détente dans notre jardin privatif ou le Parc  de Belleville, promenades.	Appt entier 76 m², pour 6 personnes, traversant : séjour, cuisine équipée, chambre 1 avec un grand lit, chambre 2  et chambre 3 (= bureau) avec 2  x 2 lits jumeaux, situé dans résidence avec jardin privatif arboré jouxtant Parc de Belleville. Très bien situé, nombreux commerces, restaurants, galeries d'artistes à proximité. Calme. Transports en commun vers centre ville tout près.  Alternatives: Détente dans notre jardin privatif ou le Parc  de Belleville, promenades. L'appt. entier est à votre disposition.  Strictement non-fumeur, mais si vous vous donnez la peine de descendre dans le jardin... Accueil, check-in, check-out par moi-même ou par une personne habitant dans le même immeuble. Quartier d'artistes, très international. Nombreux commerces et restaurants. Promenez-vous dans les rue(lle)s ce quartier à la fois pittoresque, calme et - par endroits - branché Station de métro ligne 2 Couronnes ou Ménilmontant à 300 m. Plus Bus N° 96 très pratique: Hôtel de ville 15 min; Notre Dame / 
20664	My space is unique as I am a graphic designer and every object has been chosen with attention ! A lot of art books. Great light. Quality furniture.	For cat lovers only ! Stay in my small artistic apartment with my cat. Loves hugs, food and talks a lot so be ready. You have a bedroom, a bathroom with shower and a living room with an open kitchen.  Plenty of art books. Quality furniture. My space is unique as I am a graphic designer and every object has been chosen with attention ! A lot of art books. Great light. Quality furniture.
20665	Beautiful apartment close to the cemetery Pere Lachaise, and just 10 minutes to Republique on the métro line 3. (And just 35 from Disneyland!) Enjoy the comfort of a home while you visit or pass through. There are two beds which comfortable sleep four people. A beautiful home located near the Square Edith Piaf, with a little terrace.  This wonderful one-bedroom apartment was renovated in 2013, and tastefully mixes old-world furniture with modern comfort. The quiet bedroom features a king-size bed (160x200), and a large closet, and a regular couch, which sleeps five total. The kitchen is fully equiped with a refrigerator, oven, stove, dishwasher and a washing machine with dryer.	I sublet a private bedroom in a large house with a garden. It's a cosy and quiet apartment with a common terrace and a kitchen. It is a quiet place, with large windows and well located just four stations from the center of Paris, near Pere Lachaise. Beautiful apartment close to the cemetery Pere Lachaise, and just 10 minutes to Republique on the métro line 3. (And just 35 from Disneyland!) Enjoy the comfort of a home while you visit or pass through. There are two beds which comfortable sleep four people. A beautiful home located near the Square Edith Piaf, with a little terrace.  This wonderful one-bedroom apartment was renovated in 2013, and tastefully mixes old-world furniture with modern comfort. The quiet bedroom features a king-size bed (160x200), and a large closet, and a regular couch, which sleeps five total. The kitchen is fully equiped with a refrigerator, oven, stove, dishwasher and a washing machine with dryer. Large livingroom, kitchen, bathroom, (website hidden) and WIFI.
20666	"Appartement bien agencé avec les toilettes séparés, salle de bain, salon, chambre et petite cuisine équipée. Il donne d'un coté sur une cour et de l'autre sur les toits et le cimetière, ce qui assure une tranquillité que seuls les oiseaux viennent ""déranger"". "	"Situé entre le métro Gambetta et le Cimetière du Père-Lachaise, l'appartement est calme et lumineux. Sa superficie est de 33 m2, au 5e étage dans un immeuble Haussmannien. Cuisine équipée, machine à laver, Internet, draps et serviettes fournis. Appartement bien agencé avec les toilettes séparés, salle de bain, salon, chambre et petite cuisine équipée. Il donne d'un coté sur une cour et de l'autre sur les toits et le cimetière, ce qui assure une tranquillité que seuls les oiseaux viennent ""déranger"". L'appartement entier sera a votre disposition pendant la semaine où je pars en vacances (du lundi 27 juillet au samedi 1er aout). Vous pourrez  me joindre tout au long de votre séjour pour toute question ou renseignement. Native de ce quartier, j'en aime tout le dynamisme et le bien-être qu'il procure au quotidien. Cinéma de l'autre coté de la place Gambetta, La Maroquinerie et La Bellevilloise (entre autres) à 10 min à pied pour sortir, nombreuses boulangerie et supérettes, des squares et "
20667	A very charming sunny studio (south-east) with a balcony of about 50 feet, ideal to have breakfast or a simple coffee after dinner. The surface of the studio is 28 sqm, perfect for a small family or a couple/friends. located on the 3rd floor of a very  secure building (code and intercom at the entry).  	This studio is located in the east of Paris near Gambetta and Père Lachaise in the 20th Arrt, a very nice and charming family area and with many parisien urban walks to do! It's 15 min top from the center of Paris and China town by Metro or Bus.  A very charming sunny studio (south-east) with a balcony of about 50 feet, ideal to have breakfast or a simple coffee after dinner. The surface of the studio is 28 sqm, perfect for a small family or a couple/friends. located on the 3rd floor of a very  secure building (code and intercom at the entry).  The whole studio is available to the guests. The kitchen is fully equiped with a fridge, a cooking area , a micro-wave and dishes. The bathroom is equiped with a bathtub and toilets, towel and hairdryer, shampoo, soap and cream. Clean sheets and cover as well as mattresses will be available for additional persons. I will be there to welcome you and help you start your journey in Paris! I will be also very available during your stay if you need a
20668	Last Floor, unoverlooked, unobstructed view, very shiny	"Refurbished, last floor, unoverlooked. Luminous, Sun ensure you a gentle wake-up and the unobstructed view on the trees from ""Père lachaise"" is appeasing ! Please, take car of my flat, hope you enjoy it as muche as I am ;) Last Floor, unoverlooked, unobstructed view, very shiny Transportation and Shops nearby, view on ""Père Lachaise"", close to bars and restaurants (Ménilmontant station) but quite calm nevertheless. Take a bike (Velib) to go in town center, 45mn of a very nice walk or less than 15mn by bike ;) Near line 3 (Père lachaise) and line 2 (Philippe Auguste). 1h max from airport (Roissy CDG)."
20669	Appartement cosy et refait à neuf. Vous apprécierez sa cuisine toute équipée, la salle de bain avec baignoire, le lit douillet et tout neuf (matelas fibertex avec ressorts ensachés). A 2 pas de la station de métro et des commerces. En face d'un parc. L'appartement est très calme et se situe au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble. Le chauffage se trouve dans chaque pièce, vous vous sentirez au chaud même en plein hiver.  Sur place je fournis les serviettes, le gel douche, shampooing et dentifrice.  Cosy flat nearby Nation. The flat is located in a very popular and animated area where you can easily access to the shops and the subway. It is extremely calm and you can enjoy the park just in front of it. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishes, washing machine, fridge). The bathroom comes with a bathtub, I provide you with all linen (sheets and towels), shower gel, shampoo, tooth paste. There are heaters in every room which are quick and powerful, you will feel warm whenever you come. We wish you 	Appartement cosy et refait à neuf. Vous apprécierez sa cuisine toute équipée, la salle de bain avec baignoire, le lit douillet et tout neuf (matelas fibertex avec ressorts ensachés). A 2 pas de la station de métro et des commerces. En face d'un parc. L'appartement est très calme et se situe au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble. Le chauffage se trouve dans chaque pièce, vous vous sentirez au chaud même en plein hiver.  Sur place je fournis les serviettes, le gel douche, shampooing et dentifrice.  Cosy flat nearby Nation. The flat is located in a very popular and animated area where you can easily access to the shops and the subway. It is extremely calm and you can enjoy the park just in front of it. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishes, washing machine, fridge). The bathroom comes with a bathtub, I provide you with all linen (sheets and towels), shower gel, shampoo, tooth paste. There are heaters in every room which are quick and powerful, you will feel warm whenever you come. We wish you 
20670	Very bright and big space	One room to rent in a big parisian loft where 8 friendly people live together with respect. / Une chambre à louer dans un loft occupé par 8 personnes très responsables, qui travaillent la semaine et sont très sympas. Very bright and big space Easy access - central.  Easy from Charles de Gaulle airport. / Pas loin de la Gare de Lyon. Facile depuis le RER qui mène à Charles de Gaulle. Very lively neighborhood, great nightlife and supermarket all around. 1 minute walking distance from subway.
20671	A safe haven in the heart of Parisian life. A loft spirit.  2 double bedrooms (1 en-suite) and one single bed in the living area, comfortable beds.  The bedrooms and the large open living space with a fully-equipped kitchen have direct access to the garden.	Spacious 2 bedroom apartment, loft style with a beautiful garden, situated in a calm courtyard 5 min walk from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery. Charming location, public transport around the corner, ideal to discover Paris with your family or friends. A safe haven in the heart of Parisian life. A loft spirit.  2 double bedrooms (1 en-suite) and one single bed in the living area, comfortable beds.  The bedrooms and the large open living space with a fully-equipped kitchen have direct access to the garden. It's a beautiful apartment on the ground floor in a private calm courtyard.  Ideal and comfortable for 2 to 5 people. I will welcome you to the apartment and if I am unavailable I will arrange for a friend to be at your disposal. You can contact me by Airbnb, telephone and e-mail. Charming and lively neighbourhood, 5 min walk from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery.  Cafes, restaurants, bakers, supermarkets, pharmacy, and other stores at less than 2min walk. Local fresh produce market every Wednesd
20672		l'appartement est calme et lumineux , avec le soleil le matin , le balcon y abrite de nombreuses plantes , il y a une chambre et un salon, un lit deux places dans chaque , le salon accueille deux canapés et  est transformable en chambre indépendante
20673	very parisian style appartement, marble cheminées, bathroom with bath, wc separated, internet wifi, very confortable and cosy 	 2 room appartement, typical parisian appartement, with cheminée in each room, wood floor, ornement, Can welcome 2 to 4 persons, near the subway gambetta, 7 mins of pere lachaise. WC separated, bathroom with bath. very parisian style appartement, marble cheminées, bathroom with bath, wc separated, internet wifi, very confortable and cosy  equiped kitchen, wc separated, Living room with big sofa bed very confortable really!  A bedroom with desk and bed two places. i will leave you my phone number for any questions you have in the area, that will help you to enjoy your trip The atmospher of the real paris, the bistro of the area, the fromage shop, italien trator, three very cool bar to have a coffee or a drink or a meal, nearby the best baguette in france the gahna baguette! metro lign 3 stations, Gambetta 4mins lign 3bis , station Pelleport 4mins lign 11, station jourdain 6mins bus 96, 26
20674	Very bright and pleasant flat	Nice two-rooms flat of 35m2 with bedroom, living room and , very bright, comfortable (tv, internet), ideal for 2 adults (and 1 child). Quiet and pleasant, 5 min by walk to the metro (line 1, line 2, line 9) between Nation, Avron and Buzenval. Very bright and pleasant flat Four metro lines nearby, many restaurants and cool bars.
20675	Apartment conveniently equipped with sliding walls that allow following your desire or need to create a second bedroom or enlarge the living room. Pleasure of bathing and cooking with gas. Flat is situated at the 5th floor with elevator.	Lovely 45m2 2 bedrooms apartment located near Pere Lachaise, close to bustling Oberkampf district, 15 minutes walking from République, Canal Saint Martin & Bastille. Enjoy this restful 2 bedrooms, living room, bath tub & equipped kitchen. Apartment conveniently equipped with sliding walls that allow following your desire or need to create a second bedroom or enlarge the living room. Pleasure of bathing and cooking with gas. Flat is situated at the 5th floor with elevator. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly. Free Internet/Wifi connection will enable you to stay connected. We will give you a warm welcome on the spot in order to help you settle down in the best way and we will be happy to reply to all of your questions and give you the best advices. Perfectly situated at the crossroads of very lively neighborhoods, Republique, Bastille, Oberkampf, it offers a great starting point for balla
20676	Cosy and fully equiped, this 2 room appartment of 46m2 sleeps up to 4 people.	"Located near the Buttes-Chaumont and Belleville park, this flat has a big main bedroom and a cosy living room with a converted sofa. Open kitchen, bathtub, separated toilets. On the 2nd floor with elevator in a nice residence with concierge. Metro 11 Cosy and fully equiped, this 2 room appartment of 46m2 sleeps up to 4 (website hidden), wifi, open kitchen with oven, coffee machine and microwave, bathroom with bath and washing machine/dryer, separated toilet. Email or phone (can speak French, English and Spanish) Relaxed and popular area, in the heights of Paris, well-known to be Edith Piaf's neighborhood. Many stores and market of fresh products every sunday morning. Nice bars and restaurants in the main streets ""rue des Pyrénées"" and ""rue de Belleville"".   2mn away from the closest station ""Pyrénées"" and ""Jourdain"" (Metro 11). Bus line 26 just down the flat. The Metro 11 is direct to ""République"", ""Rambuteau"" (Le Marais), ""Hôtel de Ville"" and ""Châtelet"". The Bus 26 is direct to ""Botza"
20677	Renting a nice apartment (Haussmann type) located 10 minutes from central Paris by Metro. Large (95m2), bright, and comfortable, it is perfect for families. It consists of a lounge (sofa bed for one person), a large kitchen / dining room, two double bedrooms (bed of 160cm and 2 de 0,8Ocm), a bathroom with spacious shower and separate toilet . It is located in metro Ménilmontant in the 11th arrondissement, 5 minutes walk from the cemetery of Pere Lachaise (Landmark), at 5 minutes walk from the gardens of Belleville, and from street Oberkamf (for nightlife). Velib stations' and Autolib (bike and car self-service) very close to the building. We provide linens (sheets and duvets) and a fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave and plates. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine. You will have access to the internet, we also have two televisions and a DVD player	Renting a nice apartment (Haussmann type) located 10 minutes from central Paris by Metro. Large (95m2), bright, and comfortable, it is perfect for families. It consists of a lounge (sofa bed for one person), a large kitchen / dining room, two double bedrooms (bed of 160cm and 2 de 0,8Ocm), a bathroom with spacious shower and separate toilet . It is located in metro Ménilmontant in the 11th arrondissement, 5 minutes walk from the cemetery of Pere Lachaise (Landmark), at 5 minutes walk from the gardens of Belleville, and from street Oberkamf (for nightlife). Velib stations' and Autolib (bike and car self-service) very close to the building. We provide linens (sheets and duvets) and a fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave and plates. The apartment is also equipped with a washing machine. You will have access to the internet, we also have two televisions and a DVD player
20678	Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 1900, l'appartement indépendant, d'une surface de 57m2, est orienté à l'ouest. Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces calme et lumineux avec un double salon/living room, une grande chambre comportant un petit dressing/bureau.  La cuisine indépendante est équipée : four, gr frigo- congélateur, bouilloire, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle, micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière Nespresso, vaisselle, verres, couverts, etc etc La salle de bains est petite et fonctionnelle : double lavabo,douche à l'italienne.  Literie, couettes,oreillers , draps, serviettes et gants de toilette sont fournis. Le chauffage central ainsi que la fourniture d'eau chaude sont assurés par une chaudière individuelle. L'appartement est en bel état (parquet ancien, moulures, cheminée dans la chambre) et  joliment (website hidden), internet Live-box, Air Port.  Couchage: un lit double (2mx1m,60) très confortable + canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon. 	    L'appartement a une superficie de 57 m2 grand salon/living room, parquet/cheminée, moulures,  grande chambre. Cuisine séparée bien équipée. Salle d'eau douche italienne. Il est lumineux et calme au  3ème étage ouest d'un immeuble 1900 avec ascenseur    Situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble 1900, l'appartement indépendant, d'une surface de 57m2, est orienté à l'ouest. Il s'agit d'un 3 pièces calme et lumineux avec un double salon/living room, une grande chambre comportant un petit dressing/bureau.  La cuisine indépendante est équipée : four, gr frigo- congélateur, bouilloire, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle, micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière Nespresso, vaisselle, verres, couverts, etc etc La salle de bains est petite et fonctionnelle : double lavabo,douche à l'italienne.  Literie, couettes,oreillers , draps, serviettes et gants de toilette sont fournis. Le chauffage central ainsi que la fourniture d'eau chaude sont assurés par une chaudière individuelle. L'appartement 
20679	The flat to rent is located in 20th district of paris, near Père-Lachaise. The district is very nice.  The apartment is situated a few minutes from the metro Alexandre Dumas, on line 2 of the subway. The apartment itself is sunny, quiet and really charming.  There is one bedroom with one double bed and a sofa in the living room ( bed for one person)  Sheets are provided for the bed. the kitchen is equiped. 	Ce deux pièces très lumineux et calme, a une jolie vue sur les toits des maisons environnantes. Il est situé dans une jolie impasse pavée typique du XX arrondissement de Paris près du cimetière du Père Lachaise et à 5mn du métro Alexandre Dumas. The flat to rent is located in 20th district of paris, near Père-Lachaise. The district is very nice.  The apartment is situated a few minutes from the metro Alexandre Dumas, on line 2 of the subway. The apartment itself is sunny, quiet and really charming.  There is one bedroom with one double bed and a sofa in the living room ( bed for one person)  Sheets are provided for the bed. the kitchen is equiped. L'appartement est situé tout près de la ligne 2 du métro, station Alexandre Dumas. Et de la ligne de bus 76 qui va directement au Louvre en passant par le marais et Châtelet. 
20680	36 m2 apartment with internet, washing machine, microwaves, electric oven. Very well soundproofed. Sunny all day. Close to shops: bakery, supermarket... restaurants and bars nearby and good nightlife thanks to the famous oberkampf street and its bars. fruits and vegetables market every tuesday and friday morning. Close to the belleville park when you can make un picnic if the weather will be good. the chinese district of Belleville and the Père Lachaise cemetery are 10 minutes walk from here. Menilmontant subway (line 2)  at least 5minutes and Bus 96 at least 2minutes. Perfect for a couple.	36 m2 apartment with internet, washing machine, microwaves, electric oven. Very well soundproofed. Sunny all day. Close to shops: bakery, supermarket... restaurants and bars nearby and good nightlife thanks to the famous oberkampf street and its bars. fruits and vegetables market every tuesday and friday morning. Close to the belleville park when you can make un picnic if the weather will be good. the chinese district of Belleville and the Père Lachaise cemetery are 10 minutes walk from here. Menilmontant subway (line 2)  at least 5minutes and Bus 96 at least 2minutes. Perfect for a couple.
20681	The place is comfortable and tasteful, it is an architect's home with a beautiful view on the North-Eastern side of Paris. It is composed by a main space, which gathers various uses (living room, kitchen area and study), and a separate quiet room, used as the guests' bedroom. It fits comfortably up to two guests. There's also a balcony, where one can spend some lovely evenings during the summer.	Stylish comfortable apartment in an elegant quiet residence complex with garden, near Place Gambetta. Nice view. Lively commercial neighborhood, with cultural and historical attractions.  The place is comfortable and tasteful, it is an architect's home with a beautiful view on the North-Eastern side of Paris. It is composed by a main space, which gathers various uses (living room, kitchen area and study), and a separate quiet room, used as the guests' bedroom. It fits comfortably up to two guests. There's also a balcony, where one can spend some lovely evenings during the summer. Guests will have access to the living room and TV, the bathroom, the kitchen area for coffee or tea (no meals) and fridge, and the balcony.  There will be little interaction with the guests, since home is also my office, and I am pretty busy almost all the time. But I'll be very glad to give my guests all the help or information they might need about sightseeing or getting around, or any other details of the P
20682	Grand appartement avec 3 chambres séparées, salon lumineux et convivial, logement non fumeur. Bien isolé donc pas trop chaud en été ce qui est idéal.	Chambre dans bel appartement confortable Paris 20 très bien desservi par les lignes de métro, bus et tram. Non fumeur. Grand appartement avec 3 chambres séparées, salon lumineux et convivial, logement non fumeur. Bien isolé donc pas trop chaud en été ce qui est idéal. Les voyageurs auront accès à toutes les parties communes ainsi bien sur qu'à la chambre louée. Peut être le 1 er jour pour leur montrer les lieux et faire connaissance :) Appartement proche du très connu quartier de Belleville ainsi que de celui des Buttes Chaumont.  Tous commerces à proximité ( environ 3 à 5 minutes a pied). Très bien desservi par la ligne 11 qui permet de se déplacer dans tout le centre de Paris et de ses beaux quartiers! Accès au centre de Paris via la ligne de métro 11 en moins de 15 minutes! Ligne de métro : 11  Bus : 61 , 96 et 48 Ligne de tram : 3b
20683	Charming studio in a Parisian pedestrian street. Little but comfortable ! Super clean :) No smoking place. The studio was redone a year ago. Surface: 204 sq ft. (19m2).  Fitted kitchen. (fridge, ceramic hob, microwave oven, hood, blender) Internet (ethernet + wifi) hair dryer, towels, iron, ironing board, vacuum cleaner, blender, microwave oven. Linen.  Built-in cupboard. In this district quiet and alive, popular and conducive to walking, you will find all amenities available nearby.  In daily life, at 3 min walk, you will find a laundromat, a dry-cleaner, a bio supermarket, a supermarket, and a traditional market every thursday and sunday between from 7:00 am to 2:30 pm. In the same proximity, you have also good restaurants, and concert halls. 	It's a little studio, but it's comfortable and very clean, in an atypical pedestrian street in Paris. The studio was redone a year ago. It's a no smoking place. Charming studio in a Parisian pedestrian street. Little but comfortable ! Super clean :) No smoking place. The studio was redone a year ago. Surface: 204 sq ft. (19m2).  Fitted kitchen. (fridge, ceramic hob, microwave oven, hood, blender) Internet (ethernet + wifi) hair dryer, towels, iron, ironing board, vacuum cleaner, blender, microwave oven. Linen.  Built-in cupboard. In this district quiet and alive, popular and conducive to walking, you will find all amenities available nearby.  In daily life, at 3 min walk, you will find a laundromat, a dry-cleaner, a bio supermarket, a supermarket, and a traditional market every thursday and sunday between from 7:00 am to 2:30 pm. In the same proximity, you have also good restaurants, and concert halls. Everything I will do my best to welcome you personally and explain you all the funct
20684		light quiet room in 50 square meters appartment in north XXth discrict. bathroom & kitchen to share with easy going french guy who speaks fluent english, spanish, portuguese and some german.
20685	Bel appartement de 3 pièces (50 m2) au cœur du quartier Gambetta apprécié pour ses commerces et restaurants.  Appartement ancien rénové et décoré avec goût situé dans une rue très calme. Il dispose de deux chambres séparées avec deux lits doubles (140x190), un dressing indépendant, une salle de bain avec WC, une cuisine totalement équipée et un salon.	Bel appartement parisien 3 pièces pouvant accueillir 4 personnes (2 chambres doubles). Situé dans une rue très calme du 20 eme arrondissement, à deux pas du Père Lachaise et 50 m du métro ligne 3. Profitez du charmant quartier de Gambetta Bel appartement de 3 pièces (50 m2) au cœur du quartier Gambetta apprécié pour ses commerces et restaurants.  Appartement ancien rénové et décoré avec goût situé dans une rue très calme. Il dispose de deux chambres séparées avec deux lits doubles (140x190), un dressing indépendant, une salle de bain avec WC, une cuisine totalement équipée et un salon. L'appartement est loué dans son intégralité pour 1 à 4 personnes N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour toutes questions. Nous sommes disponibles à tout moment :) Localisé dans le quartier de Gambetta, notre appartement est situé à proximité immédiate du Père Lachaise. Le quartier de Gambetta est apprécié pour la qualité de ses commerces et sa proximité avec le centre de Paris. Le métro ligne 3 vous permet 
20686		Studio de 20m2  à Maraichers dans un quartier populaire et agréable.Proche de tous commerces. Le studio est très lumineux. Il dispose d'un lit double avec possibilité de couchage supplémentaire; d'une cuisine équipée; d'une salle de bain moderne.
20687	Beautiful apartment located in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, is suitable for passenger-tourist students, or workers, seminarians. Very quiet part of life I moved into the apartment will make you believe you are in your own apartment. Be prepared! we will offer you a pleasant stay.   see you soon !!	Beautiful apartment located in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, is suitable for passenger-tourist students, or workers, seminarians. Very quiet part of life I moved into the apartment will make you believe you are in your own apartment. Be prepared! we will offer you a pleasant stay.   see you soon !! You will be doing all your errands or shopping, do not worry there is a beautiful mall Near the apartment. Added to this is the mini-super markets near the apartment. You have Metro tram 9 and T3b 2 minutes walk from the house; you also have the Metro and Tramway  T3a and T3b a 10 minute walk from the house.
20688	Very spacious flat with a open kitchen on the living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully fitted : oven, fridge, microwave, hot plate, dishwasher, etc.  In the bathroom, a wash machine is available if needed during long stay. The sofa bed in the living room allow to stay at 4 people in the flat. Meanwhile the apartment is  very light,  blockout curtains and store prevent light to awake you up in the morning. The flat is almost soundproof. Inside,  we barely don't heard anything from outside or neighbors flats.	35m² flat: bedroom, living room and bathroom,  tout équipé et confort. Bright, spacious, fully fitted kitchen, at 15m from the subway station, nearby the center of Paris, the perfect place to enjoy a Parisian stay ! Very spacious flat with a open kitchen on the living room, a bedroom and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully fitted : oven, fridge, microwave, hot plate, dishwasher, etc.  In the bathroom, a wash machine is available if needed during long stay. The sofa bed in the living room allow to stay at 4 people in the flat. Meanwhile the apartment is  very light,  blockout curtains and store prevent light to awake you up in the morning. The flat is almost soundproof. Inside,  we barely don't heard anything from outside or neighbors flats. You will be allow to live in the flat as if it would be yours. I want my to host to feel free to behave as if they were at home. I will welcome them in the apartment and be present the day of leaving.  Also, I can come pick my host at the airport or tr
20689	Un appartement très clair orienté plein sud. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Très bien distribué. Calme avec double vitrage 	"3 pièces 80m2 à 2 pas du Père Lachaise-Ménilmontant, au pied du métro Pelleport et du marché.  Appartement d'une illustratrice-voyageuse, très fonctionnel et très  lumineux. Il  est très  accueillant avec une capacité de logement de  3 personnes Un appartement très clair orienté plein sud. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Très bien distribué. Calme avec double vitrage L'ensemble de l'appartement est disponible. Un petit guide des bonnes adresses se trouvera là à votre arrivée : où acheter les meilleurs produits dans le quartier ! Quartier très vivant et typique avec beaucoup de petits commerces. Métro ""Gambetta"" à 5 mn à pied qui dessert en direct  les principaux axes dans Paris : Chatelet, République et Opéra."
20690	Appartment to rent with a small garden in Paris. A big dining room with an open kitchen and two rooms. Available for four people maximum. Nice area close by the center of Paris and near by metro stations. Very calm and cosy. Hello I propose you this apartment of 43 m2 with a big lounge (show) understanding (including) a kitchen area giving onto a small garden in Paris. Two rooms(chambers) (with two beds 2 places(squares) + 1 read 1 place) and a bathroom. A cooking(kitchen) with refrigerator, oven and plates(patches) in the lounge(show) you will have a TV and the WiFi access. Sheets and towels(briefcases) are supplied. Very quiet, clear and warm, this apartment is situated in the district living on Belleville. Easy access since the Gare du Nord station (ideal since Eurostar or airport Roissy CDG) thanks to the bus 26 which is direct. Two subway stations are situated a few minutes away from(before) the apartment Belleville on line 2 and line 11 Pyrenees on line 11. You will find in the d	Hello I propose you this apartment of 43 m2 with a big lounge armchair reads 2 places understanding an equipped kitchen area giving onto a small garden in Paris. Two rooms with a bed 2 places + 1 read 1 place, a bathroom with toilet Appartment to rent with a small garden in Paris. A big dining room with an open kitchen and two rooms. Available for four people maximum. Nice area close by the center of Paris and near by metro stations. Very calm and cosy. Hello I propose you this apartment of 43 m2 with a big lounge (show) understanding (including) a kitchen area giving onto a small garden in Paris. Two rooms(chambers) (with two beds 2 places(squares) + 1 read 1 place) and a bathroom. A cooking(kitchen) with refrigerator, oven and plates(patches) in the lounge(show) you will have a TV and the WiFi access. Sheets and towels(briefcases) are supplied. Very quiet, clear and warm, this apartment is situated in the district living on Belleville. Easy access since the Gare du Nord station (idea
20691	L'appartement est très calme tout comme le quartier dans lequel il est situé. Vous serez à Paris intramuros sans avoir la sensation de l'être. La cuisine est équipée de 2 plaques de cuisson, d'un four et d'un réfrigérateur (mais pas de micro-onde). Il y a également beaucoup de choses pour cuisiner (mixeur, moules, plats...). La machine à laver est située dans la cuisine. Les produits alimentaires de première nécessité sont disponibles. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. Il y a un couloir dans l'entrée avec porte manteaux et placard de rangement. Les draps et deux petites serviettes de toilettes sont fournis. Les rideaux sont occultants et vous pourrez dormir dans le noir quasi complet.	Studio très calme et cosy à deux rues de la campagne à Paris. Il se compose d'un couloir d'entrée avec placard, d'une pièce principale avec lit en mezzanine, d'une cuisine, et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC. L'appartement est très calme tout comme le quartier dans lequel il est situé. Vous serez à Paris intramuros sans avoir la sensation de l'être. La cuisine est équipée de 2 plaques de cuisson, d'un four et d'un réfrigérateur (mais pas de micro-onde). Il y a également beaucoup de choses pour cuisiner (mixeur, moules, plats...). La machine à laver est située dans la cuisine. Les produits alimentaires de première nécessité sont disponibles. La salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire. Il y a un couloir dans l'entrée avec porte manteaux et placard de rangement. Les draps et deux petites serviettes de toilettes sont fournis. Les rideaux sont occultants et vous pourrez dormir dans le noir quasi complet. Ce quartier très agréable et entouré de nombreux commerces (boulangeries, bouche
20692	Derniers étages d'un bel immeuble hausmannien. Parfait refuge pour être au calme après des journées trépidantes dans la capitale.  Non fumeurs, pas d'animaux. Les Buttes Chaumont, le Père-Lachaise, le Parc de Belleville sont à 10 minutes à pied.  Tout pour vivre un hymne à l'amour dans le cadre authentique et raffiné d'Hôtel Mimi, pour un séjour inoubliable dans le Paris d'Edith Piaf… 	Derniers étages d'un bel immeuble hausmannien. Parfait refuge pour être au calme après des journées trépidantes dans la capitale.  Non fumeurs, pas d'animaux. Les Buttes Chaumont, le Père-Lachaise, le Parc de Belleville sont à 10 minutes à pied.  Tout pour vivre un hymne à l'amour dans le cadre authentique et raffiné d'Hôtel Mimi, pour un séjour inoubliable dans le Paris d'Edith Piaf… Belles rencontres avec les différentes cultures. Quartier populaire et authentique avec une belle qualité de vie au quotidien. Nombreux bars et restaurants et boutiques tendance. Bus 96 pratiquement au pied de l'immeuble. Bus 26 et 69, métros Ménilmontant et Gambetta à dix minutes à pied.
20693	Very small but all you need to spend few days in Paris. Neighborhood is quiet, the flat is at the fisrt floor and the windows open on a little yard.	This little flat will bring all you need for a lovely journey in Paris. Except wi-fi!! I know... but hey, you don't come in Paris to log in Facebook isn't it? ;) 2 minutes from the métro, 15 (in métro) to get to the center. Very small but all you need to spend few days in Paris. Neighborhood is quiet, the flat is at the fisrt floor and the windows open on a little yard. Everything If I'm in Paris during the stay, I'll be glad to be there if you need.
20694	The apartment is located in a large 1920s building in red brick. Is on the 3rd floor with an elevator, has 35 m2 with a living room and a bedroom with parquet floor and large windows. The kitchen well equiped (oven, hob, microwave, toaster, coffee machine etc ...) and the bathroom has a sink, a large shower, a washing machine and a window overlooking the courtyard interior. The room is facing the courtyard, very quiet, with a double bed and a large wardrobe. The living room includes a comfortable double sofa bed and a library with many books available !!!	Welcome to this typical parisian neightbord. There are a couple of good bars and music venues around the 20th, but its main attraction is definitely the Père Lachaise Cemetery, where the likes of Jim Morrison, Edith Piaf, and Chopin are buried. The apartment is located in a large 1920s building in red brick. Is on the 3rd floor with an elevator, has 35 m2 with a living room and a bedroom with parquet floor and large windows. The kitchen well equiped (oven, hob, microwave, toaster, coffee machine etc ...) and the bathroom has a sink, a large shower, a washing machine and a window overlooking the courtyard interior. The room is facing the courtyard, very quiet, with a double bed and a large wardrobe. The living room includes a comfortable double sofa bed and a library with many books available !!! The apartment is in the villa Gagliardini, and by walking you can reach: -Turist places 10 minutes walking to Pere Lachaise Cemetery and 10 minutes from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. metro line
20695		Grande chambre dans un très grand appartement de 120 m2 en plein centre de Paris, au métro Jourdain.  Location tout le mois d août.
20696	Room available in beautiful 90 m2 apartment. Your room is 10 m2 and includes: futon, wifi, large 1 window, small desk, wardrobe... The apartment includes: 1 balcony, 1 shared bathroom with shower, bathtube and washing machine, 1 toilet room, large living room with couch, table and large TV. The kitchen includes oven, hot plates, toaster, microwave, fridge...	We sublet a room in a flatshare of 3 people The room is available.  Two other people : one young woman working as a editor, one young man working in the bank sector, Room available in beautiful 90 m2 apartment. Your room is 10 m2 and includes: futon, wifi, large 1 window, small desk, wardrobe... The apartment includes: 1 balcony, 1 shared bathroom with shower, bathtube and washing machine, 1 toilet room, large living room with couch, table and large TV. The kitchen includes oven, hot plates, toaster, microwave, fridge... Two people are living here : one young woman working as a editor, one young man working in the bank sector. in their thirties. The neighborhood is very safe, calm and at the center of Paris. In the 20th district, next to the numerous bars of Menilmontant and Belleville. It is 15 minutes walking from Parc des Buttes Chaumont Nearest Metro are Jourdain, Gambetta or Menilmontant. Very accessible to travel throughout the city. Tube : Jourdain, Gambetta or Menilmontant. Bus
20697	Our flat has 2 bedrooms, one living room , a bathroom , separated toilets, full equiped kitchen that you can use to cook . For your comfort we can provide you sheets and towels .  Our wifi s working very fast ,. Close to the appartment you can find a supermarket, bakeries, boucher, parmacies .... Just ask us for any information you need !!!	You will have a room with a real single bed just for you . You will be able to use our clean bathroom , separated toilets and full equiped kitchen .  As the appartment is not directly on the street you room is very quiet with view on a little garden Our flat has 2 bedrooms, one living room , a bathroom , separated toilets, full equiped kitchen that you can use to cook . For your comfort we can provide you sheets and towels .  Our wifi s working very fast ,. Close to the appartment you can find a supermarket, bakeries, boucher, parmacies .... Just ask us for any information you need !!!
20698	L'appartement est situé au premier étage et accessible par digicode. Il dispose d'une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse avec cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée. La chambre située sur cour est très tranquille. L'immeuble de 6 étage est très paisible.  	Appartement situé dans un quartier du 20è très vivant avec tous les commerces et commodités sur place. Le parc des Buttes Chaumont est à deux pas. Le logement de 45m2, entièrement rénové avec chambre sur cour est calme, lumineux et très fonctionnel. L'appartement est situé au premier étage et accessible par digicode. Il dispose d'une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse avec cuisine intégrée entièrement équipée. La chambre située sur cour est très tranquille. L'immeuble de 6 étage est très paisible. Vous aurez accès à tout le logement. Côté cuisine vous pourrez utiliser les appareils électroménager, hormis le four électrique. Dans la salle de bain, l'utilisation de la machine à laver ne sera pas autorisée. Vous trouverez le code wifi dans l'appartement à votre arrivée, ainsi que le fonctionnement de l'alarme. Vous serez accueilli (e)(s) à votre arrivée. Je serai joignable pour tout renseignement. Le quartier de Belleville est très vivant et animé, il  offre à tous moments de la journée de no
20699	French apartment 100m2  . 11th Arondissement. Nice and calm room. Very fast wifi and home phone. A big bright living room, with a little balcony, a separated kitchen, toilets, a big bathroom with a bath. I rent a 13m2 room with a confortable bed, calm with a big window and a wall unit closet. The building is a typical Parisian style classic and chic, the apartment is at the 4th floor with elevator. 	Vacationers, Travellers or Students – are you looking for well priced and short term accommodation that is clean and contract free? I provide nightly, weekly or monthly rented, comfortably furished bedrooms to share in 100 m2  French apartment 100m2  . 11th Arondissement. Nice and calm room. Very fast wifi and home phone. A big bright living room, with a little balcony, a separated kitchen, toilets, a big bathroom with a bath. I rent a 13m2 room with a confortable bed, calm with a big window and a wall unit closet. The building is a typical Parisian style classic and chic, the apartment is at the 4th floor with elevator.  Separate kitchen, separate WC and shared bathroom, fast wifi and living room are provided.  I have a few map book and guidebook of Paris. I can also help you for your visit of this amazing city and show you good tips, areas to visit, good exhibitions to see and I can book you to some nightlife events too and also any help in any kind, like emergency or any problems. W
