6600	Ce très joli petit studio au design moderne est très accueillant, confortable et architecture sous les toits très original. Totalement refait à neuf, il est situé dans un immeuble de standing en plein coeur de Paris à 100m du métro Grands Boulevards. Le studio est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le quartier branché et dynamique des Grands Boulevards, à 2min à pied du métro Grands Boulevards. Il est à deux pas de nombreux bars, magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), de restaurants parmi les meilleurs de Paris, et proche des principales attractions de Paris (Musées, Opéra, Montmartre...). L'appartement est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble de standing sous les toits, il est très calme car donnant sur cour.  L'appartement est joliment décoré - d'inspiration moderne, avec tout le confort dont vous aurez besoin : Hi-Speed Wifi, Télévision, Cuisine Equipée, Literie de haute qualité, Salle de bain design. L'appartement est idéalement desservi par les transports en commun, notamment l	Ce très joli petit studio au design moderne est très accueillant, confortable et architecture sous les toits très original. Totalement refait à neuf, il est situé dans un immeuble de standing en plein coeur de Paris à 100m du métro Grands Boulevards. Ce très joli petit studio au design moderne est très accueillant, confortable et architecture sous les toits très original. Totalement refait à neuf, il est situé dans un immeuble de standing en plein coeur de Paris à 100m du métro Grands Boulevards. Le studio est situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le quartier branché et dynamique des Grands Boulevards, à 2min à pied du métro Grands Boulevards. Il est à deux pas de nombreux bars, magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), de restaurants parmi les meilleurs de Paris, et proche des principales attractions de Paris (Musées, Opéra, Montmartre...). L'appartement est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble de standing sous les toits, il est très calme car donnant sur cour.  L'appartement est jolimen
6601		Joli studio meublé de 20 m2 avec une touche orientale situé à 200 mètres de la rue des Martyrs dans le 9ème arrondissement de Paris et à 10minutes à pied du Sacré Coeur, de Montmartre.
6602	The studio is on the fourth floor, with elevator. It's approximately 30m2. The main room is 18m2. The kitchen opens on to the main room. The bathroom has a bath with a shower in it, sink, toilet and shelving for your toiletries. Please note that the studio is non-smoking and that during july and august, the minimum length of stay is 5 nights. The studio is for two. More than two people will not be accepted... 	Spacious and so typically Parisian! This studio is located in one of Paris’s most well-known pasty & bakery districts, and is less than 5 mins by foot from the Montmartre cable car. Open the window and enjoy the view on the sacré-Coeur of Montmartre. The studio is on the fourth floor, with elevator. It's approximately 30m2. The main room is 18m2. The kitchen opens on to the main room. The bathroom has a bath with a shower in it, sink, toilet and shelving for your toiletries. Please note that the studio is non-smoking and that during july and august, the minimum length of stay is 5 nights. The studio is for two. More than two people will not be accepted... Guests have access to the 30m2. They can use all of the appliances in the apartment (ex: kettle, microwave, gas cooker, oven, television…). With the exception of the washing machine that is out of order. I can be contacted by telephone for any questions that you may have during your stay. Accessibility: here are a few distances in “mi
6603	Come live in a typical Parisian apartment From beautifully crafted , you will love its spacious and chic , contemporary décor : polished wooden parquet herringbone , delicate paintings , woodwork, antique moldings, fireplaces, each room of the apartment is full of artefacts hétéroclytes , brought by the owners on their travels . The apartment is very bright, all rooms comprennant at least one window . A wrought iron balcony typical of Paris along the whole apartment with an exceptional view over the rooftops of Paris . The apartment comprises: - an entrance that opens directly onto a kitchen, contemporary where you can enjoy a drink in the bar or party at breakfast table - A large living room, cozy with a fireplace and beautiful moldings, bathed in light with 2 door - window overlooking the rooftops of Paris - Conducive to reverie with a lovely spacious office library , a fireplace , a piano, a glass table air sandblasted, tables and authentic fireplace with mirror. The centerpiece of 	Come live in a typical Parisian apartment. Beautifully crafted, you will love its spacious and chic, contemporary décor: You will enjoy a view of the main monuments of Paris: Eiffel Tower, Sacré heart ! Come live in a typical Parisian apartment From beautifully crafted , you will love its spacious and chic , contemporary décor : polished wooden parquet herringbone , delicate paintings , woodwork, antique moldings, fireplaces, each room of the apartment is full of artefacts hétéroclytes , brought by the owners on their travels . The apartment is very bright, all rooms comprennant at least one window . A wrought iron balcony typical of Paris along the whole apartment with an exceptional view over the rooftops of Paris . The apartment comprises: - an entrance that opens directly onto a kitchen, contemporary where you can enjoy a drink in the bar or party at breakfast table - A large living room, cozy with a fireplace and beautiful moldings, bathed in light with 2 door - window overlooking
6604	This apartment benefits from an excellent location in central Paris, perfect for visiting or business purposes. Decorated in a modern style, this apartment is the perfect haven in the hustle and bustle of the 9eme arrondissement.	Conveniently located on Rue Boulevard Montmartre in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, this apartment is perfect for sightseers and business travellers alike. This apartment benefits from an excellent location in central Paris, perfect for visiting or business purposes. Decorated in a modern style, this apartment is the perfect haven in the hustle and bustle of the 9eme arrondissement. Guests will have access to the whole studio, which is equipped with it's own high speed wi-fi internet connection, television and phone which has free calls to landlines all over the world (full details available on request). I or someone I trust will check you in to this apartment, meeting you at the building at a time which is convenient for you. During check in you will have the opportunity to ask questions about the apartment/area etc. Following check in the guest(s) will be allowed to use the apartment at their own leisure, I am available via telephone, Airbnb message or e-mail in the case of any furt
6605	It's a love nest of 22m2, ideal for couples who want to live a true parisian experience ! Saddly, there is no space for a third guest to stay. There is a comfortable living area and kitchen with basic equipment at your disposal: washer dryer machine, induction cooktop, mini oven. There are two large windows, the flat is very bright all day long !  The room area is cozy, with a comfy matress and pillows. You will be provided always freshly washed bedding.  The bathroom is small but convenient. You will be provided q-tips, shower gel, clean towels, makeup remover pad. The flat is equiped with fiber optic internet. I hope you'll feel as well as me in this charming flat ! Enjoy your stay and bon voyage !	Lovely flat of 22m2, ideal for couples who want to live a true parisian experience. Perfectly situated: five minutes walk from the basilic of Sacre Coeur, ten minutes walk from Rue des Martyrs and its organic delis, restaurants and cosy coffee shops. It's a love nest of 22m2, ideal for couples who want to live a true parisian experience ! Saddly, there is no space for a third guest to stay. There is a comfortable living area and kitchen with basic equipment at your disposal: washer dryer machine, induction cooktop, mini oven. There are two large windows, the flat is very bright all day long !  The room area is cozy, with a comfy matress and pillows. You will be provided always freshly washed bedding.  The bathroom is small but convenient. You will be provided q-tips, shower gel, clean towels, makeup remover pad. The flat is equiped with fiber optic internet. I hope you'll feel as well as me in this charming flat ! Enjoy your stay and bon voyage ! I live in this apartment during the yea
6606	Emplacement idéal: Pigalle/Moulin Rouge/Sacré-Coeur - 3 à 7min Boulevards Haussmann/Opéra - 12min Charmant Appartement 2 pièces, RDC donnant sur une jolie coure intérieure où le calme accompagnera vos nuits. Capacité de 2/3 personnes max. Tout équipé (WIFI, TV, lave-linge/sèche-linge,  Salon cosy avec espace cuisine Chambre séparée liée à la salle d'eau. A proximité: - Divers bars, night clubs tels: Bus palladium, Carmen, Chez Moon, La Machine... - Supermarket: Carrefour, Franprix, Monoprix...  Mais aussi pelins de petits restaurants à tester dans le quartier des abesses ou encore le long de la rue saint-georges/montmartre. L'embarras du choix, pour un appartement à choisir :) 	Home :) Emplacement idéal: Pigalle/Moulin Rouge/Sacré-Coeur - 3 à 7min Boulevards Haussmann/Opéra - 12min Charmant Appartement 2 pièces, RDC donnant sur une jolie coure intérieure où le calme accompagnera vos nuits. Capacité de 2/3 personnes max. Tout équipé (WIFI, TV, lave-linge/sèche-linge,  Salon cosy avec espace cuisine Chambre séparée liée à la salle d'eau. A proximité: - Divers bars, night clubs tels: Bus palladium, Carmen, Chez Moon, La Machine... - Supermarket: Carrefour, Franprix, Monoprix...  Mais aussi pelins de petits restaurants à tester dans le quartier des abesses ou encore le long de la rue saint-georges/montmartre. L'embarras du choix, pour un appartement à choisir :) Concernant le commentaire évoquant un problème avec la douche, sachez que celle-ci a été remplacée pour notre plus grand bonheur!
6607	Superbe appartement, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, confortable et décoré avec goût, récemment refait à neuf, situé dans le très tendance 9ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé. L'appartement est lumineux et très calme, il dispose d'une belle vue sur une partie de la cour du Musée de la Vie Romantique, à deux pas de l'appartement.  On peut également voir la pointe de la Tour Eiffel s'illuminer tous les soirs.  Proche de toutes commodités, nombreux cafés, restaurants pour aller dîner. De nombreux théâtres et cinémas à proximité, ainsi que des boutiques de créateurs pour un shopping. L'appartement peut accueillir dans la chambres 2 personnes. - 1 lit 2 places de 160 x 200  - Cuisine entièrement équipée : four, micro-ondes, frigo et congélateur, grille pain, machine à café à capsules.... - Salle de bain avec douche italienne et WC: linge de toilette, savon, gel douche, draps et serviette de bain à votre disposition et sèche-cheveux.  - Spacieuse chambre à coucher avec un gran	Superbe appartement, confortable et décoré avec goût, au 4ème étage,  situé dans le très tendance  9ème arrondissement à Paris. L'appartement est lumineux et très calme. Proche de toutes commodités, cafés, restaurants, théâtres et cinémas. Superbe appartement, au 4ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, confortable et décoré avec goût, récemment refait à neuf, situé dans le très tendance 9ème arrondissement de Paris, idéalement situé. L'appartement est lumineux et très calme, il dispose d'une belle vue sur une partie de la cour du Musée de la Vie Romantique, à deux pas de l'appartement.  On peut également voir la pointe de la Tour Eiffel s'illuminer tous les soirs.  Proche de toutes commodités, nombreux cafés, restaurants pour aller dîner. De nombreux théâtres et cinémas à proximité, ainsi que des boutiques de créateurs pour un shopping. L'appartement peut accueillir dans la chambres 2 personnes. - 1 lit 2 places de 160 x 200  - Cuisine entièrement équipée : four, micro-ondes, frigo et congéla
6608	My appartement is located to Rue Pigalle where there are lots of Cabarets · Nightclubs · Bars · Popular · Underground Scene  and Nightlife. this place is just perfect for those who want to visit Paris for short time.	I have an Apartment in one of the most attractive places in Paris which is very suitable for tourists! You have access to 3 metro lines (the nearest metro is just 2 minutes walk) and there are lots of bars, night clubs, cafe and restaurants around. My appartement is located to Rue Pigalle where there are lots of Cabarets · Nightclubs · Bars · Popular · Underground Scene  and Nightlife. this place is just perfect for those who want to visit Paris for short time.
6609	This is a studio of 25 m² for two persons, located between Galeries Lafayette and Pigalle. It is on the 4st floor, without elevator. Completely renovated in 2014, this is a small place full of charm, quiet, very functional, well equipped. The studio consists of one large room  an open living space, a bathroom (shower + toilet + hairdryer), washing machine and kitchen. The sofa converts into a bed. In the kitchenette: a small fridge, a microwave, coffee maker, and all that it takes to cook and eat meals for 2 people. In the living space: a television with hdmi cable (mac only). The studio is equipped with fiber optic internet connection and unlimited wifi. There is also a stereo allowing you to connect your tablet or smartphone. Towels and linen are included. 	This is a studio of 25 m² for two persons, located in rue de Clichy. This is a studio of 25 m² for two persons, located between Galeries Lafayette and Pigalle. It is on the 4st floor, without elevator. Completely renovated in 2014, this is a small place full of charm, quiet, very functional, well equipped. The studio consists of one large room  an open living space, a bathroom (shower + toilet + hairdryer), washing machine and kitchen. The sofa converts into a bed. In the kitchenette: a small fridge, a microwave, coffee maker, and all that it takes to cook and eat meals for 2 people. In the living space: a television with hdmi cable (mac only). The studio is equipped with fiber optic internet connection and unlimited wifi. There is also a stereo allowing you to connect your tablet or smartphone. Towels and linen are included.  Ligne 13 Métro Liège I want to have conversation with them before. In front of Le Casino de Paris. Between les Galeries Lafayette and Pigalle Ligne 9 / Saint Laz
6610	Charming  apartment in south Pigalle.  Ideal  flat for a romantic stay in Paris. In a typical Haussman Parisian building, 37 square meters flat, 2 rooms, a kitchen  with all you need to cook a nice french dishes, and a bathroom the flat is calm, sixth floor with an elevator. A lot of trendy bars, restaurants, club and shops in the neighborhood. 	Cosy and charming  apartment in south Pigalle.  Ideal  flat for a romantic stay in Paris. In a typical Haussman Parisian building, 37 square meters flat, 2 rooms, a kitchen  with all you need to cook a nice french dish, and a bathroom Charming  apartment in south Pigalle.  Ideal  flat for a romantic stay in Paris. In a typical Haussman Parisian building, 37 square meters flat, 2 rooms, a kitchen  with all you need to cook a nice french dishes, and a bathroom the flat is calm, sixth floor with an elevator. A lot of trendy bars, restaurants, club and shops in the neighborhood. Entire apartment  Breakfast Towels, soap and Shampoo. I'll be glad to give you all my favorites places in my district, but also the nice places to see which are only known by the Parisians!  South Of Pigalle is very trendy area in the historic center of Paris. 10 minutes walk to Opéra and 15 to Montmartre and Batignolles central in Paris and very easy to access. 5 min walk give you access to  métro 2 and 13 (Place 
6611	Hello everyone,  I rent a 4 bedroom French apartment 100m2, penthouse with one floor in the 9th Arrondissement. There is also a possibility to sleep on the convertible couch.  Nice and calm rooms.  There is Very fast wifi and home phone. A big bright living room, a separated kitchen, toilet, 2 bathroom. The rooms are equipped with brand new very good double sized bed. Each rooms have a big window and a unit closet. The building is a typical Parisian style classic and chic in a safe area, the apartment is at the 5th floor with elevator.	Hello everyone, I'm renting my 4 bed room apartment this summer.  Its a very well located area, very central.  The apartment is perfect for a family or a group of friends. The space is big, enlighten and all equipped. Please read the details Hello everyone,  I rent a 4 bedroom French apartment 100m2, penthouse with one floor in the 9th Arrondissement. There is also a possibility to sleep on the convertible couch.  Nice and calm rooms.  There is Very fast wifi and home phone. A big bright living room, a separated kitchen, toilet, 2 bathroom. The rooms are equipped with brand new very good double sized bed. Each rooms have a big window and a unit closet. The building is a typical Parisian style classic and chic in a safe area, the apartment is at the 5th floor with elevator. The guest have access to the entire apartment. There is no restrictions. I will be there to welcome you and show yo the flat. Also if you have special requests let me know in advance..  I live very close to the apart
6612	Très calme, entouré de deux cours, l'une commune, l'autre privée. 	Loft avec terrasse privative en plein centre de Paris, dans un quartier animé et trendy. Cet appartement est parfait pour une famille et idéalement situé, à proximité de 4 lignes de métro différentes . Très calme, entouré de deux cours, l'une commune, l'autre privée. Habituellement, nous faisons en sorte de remettre les clés aux voyageurs en main propre, pour leur présenter le logement.  Si nous ne pouvons pas nous coordonner, nous les laissons à une personne qui vous les remettra directement. Quartier très vivant, et très central. Très bien desservi par les transports. Nous sommes entourés de beaucoup de restaurants, du très simple (et déjà délicieux) au très très bon. Nous vous laisserons une liste détaillée. Métros 4 (château d'eau), 8 et 9 (bonne nouvelle), 7( poissonnière)
6613	The apartment is located in Montmartre at 1 minute walking from the beautiful Sacre Coeur. Newly renovated, the apartment is 50 m2, has one bedroom with a king size bed, one large living room with double sofa bed and an open kitchen fully equipped. 	The apartment is located in Montmartre at 1 minute walking from the beautiful Sacre Coeur. Newly renovated, the apartment is 50 m2, has one bedroom with a king size bed, one large living room with double sofa bed and an open kitchen fully equipped.  The apartment is located in Montmartre at 1 minute walking from the beautiful Sacre Coeur. Newly renovated, the apartment is 50 m2, has one bedroom with a king size bed, one large living room with double sofa bed and an open kitchen fully equipped. 
6614	Located in the 9th district, my appartment is under the roofs of a typical parisian building. It's very bright and calm, windows facing South.  The flat is divided in two separate parts on each side of the living room, with doors, which ensure a total privacy of the room. It has been recently renovated. The room to rent has space, light and it's own bathroom with shower. It's around 25 meters/square.  There is a large closet and a desk. The room has it's own flat screen tv with cable (more than 140 international channels) and a dvd/blu-ray player.  The bed is queen-size, ideal for two. I can also add an extra bed for a child. The kitchen is shared and has all the equipment to cook. Oven and micro-wave. There's a washer for laundry. Sheets and towels are provided. There's high speed (28Mbps) internet and wifi in all the flat. The neighborhood is very safe, between Grands Boulevards and Montmartre, both at a walking distance. There's a metro station at 50 meters. Around the block is the 	Located in the 9th district, my appartment is under the roofs of a typical parisian building. It's very bright and calm, windows facing South.  The flat is divided in two separate parts on each side of the living room, with doors, which ensure a total privacy of the room. It has been recently renovated. The room to rent has space, light and it's own bathroom with shower. It's around 25 meters/square.  There is a large closet and a desk. The room has it's own flat screen tv with cable (more than 140 international channels) and a dvd/blu-ray player.  The bed is queen-size, ideal for two. I can also add an extra bed for a child. The kitchen is shared and has all the equipment to cook. Oven and micro-wave. There's a washer for laundry. Sheets and towels are provided. There's high speed (28Mbps) internet and wifi in all the flat. The neighborhood is very safe, between Grands Boulevards and Montmartre, both at a walking distance. There's a metro station at 50 meters. Around the block is the 
6615	"With a lot of light, this 60 sq. meters apartment is a pleasant place to live in, and perfect for a family: 2 independent rooms, one living room with dining table and a fully equipped kitchen. You can see the sky, the trees and a little bit of Sacré coeur top from its 3rd floor -with a lift-. A well known district that reveals its traditional « gems""  when you stroll along its narrow streets, to discover its coffee places, restaurants and wine bars, its small food and exclusive fashion shops… Nearby, you’ll find numerous specialty food stores (bakeries, fruit halls, cheese and organic produce) as well as supermarkets. On fridays, there is a fresh food market close by. The trendy Rue des Martyrs is 5 mn away. Plenty of coffee shops and restaurants also. To get an extra feeling of night life, you’ll find 3 famous concert places close by: Le Trianon, La Cigale, Le Divan du Monde "	"Ideally located only 200 meters away from the steps leading to the Sacré-coeur, this typically parisian apartment gives access to the neighborhood of Montmartre within a short walking distance. A well known district . With a lot of light, this 60 sq. meters apartment is a pleasant place to live in, and perfect for a family: 2 independent rooms, one living room with dining table and a fully equipped kitchen. You can see the sky, the trees and a little bit of Sacré coeur top from its 3rd floor -with a lift-. A well known district that reveals its traditional « gems""  when you stroll along its narrow streets, to discover its coffee places, restaurants and wine bars, its small food and exclusive fashion shops… Nearby, you’ll find numerous specialty food stores (bakeries, fruit halls, cheese and organic produce) as well as supermarkets. On fridays, there is a fresh food market close by. The trendy Rue des Martyrs is 5 mn away. Plenty of coffee shops and restaurants also. To get an extra fee"
6616	"Our flat has everything you need : really charming and modern, 43m2 in very good conditions. Very calm and pleasant place with a courtyard side. On the first floor, the flat disposes of 2 rooms : 1 bedroom and 1 living room + 1 bathroom with a shower and a washing machine, separate toilets and 1 kitchen full equipped (fridge, microwave, oven, radio...) Flat with lot of charm : parquet floor, fireplace... Free internet connection with wi-fi access. It is located at the bottom of ""rue des Martyrs"" in a shopping town, 10 minutes walk to ""Galeries Lafayette"" and 20 minutes to the ""Sacré-Coeur"" (Montmartre). 1 kilometre from ""l'Opéra Garnier and ""Saint-Lazare"" train station. Near places to visit :  Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayettes The Opéra Garnier Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur Pigalle The jardin des Tuileries and le Louvre Very near ""Cadet"" - line 7 (200meters) and ""Notre-Dame-de-Lorette"" - line 12 (400meters) metro stations, we also have bike stations in our street. Our flat is "	"You chose Paris and its complaining, chauvinistic, agressive and grey people. Congratulations! You will have a memorable trip between subway crush, pollution and trafic jam. Fortunately it never rains here... Our flat has everything you need : really charming and modern, 43m2 in very good conditions. Very calm and pleasant place with a courtyard side. On the first floor, the flat disposes of 2 rooms : 1 bedroom and 1 living room + 1 bathroom with a shower and a washing machine, separate toilets and 1 kitchen full equipped (fridge, microwave, oven, radio...) Flat with lot of charm : parquet floor, fireplace... Free internet connection with wi-fi access. It is located at the bottom of ""rue des Martyrs"" in a shopping town, 10 minutes walk to ""Galeries Lafayette"" and 20 minutes to the ""Sacré-Coeur"" (Montmartre). 1 kilometre from ""l'Opéra Garnier and ""Saint-Lazare"" train station. Near places to visit :  Grands Boulevards and Galeries Lafayettes The Opéra Garnier Montmartre and the Sacré Coe"
6617	Beautiful parisian apartment, crossing and sunny,  ideally located three hundred meters from Montmartre in a very pleasant and lively neighborhood .  Parisian charm and refined decoration, it has two rooms and every comfort.  Stays from two nights, luxury upscale interior for this quiet and cozy place.  Ideal for keeping their independence and enjoy a wonderful stay in our beautiful capital	Beautiful parisian apartment, crossing and sunny,  ideally located three hundred meters from Montmartre in a very pleasant and lively neighborhood .  Parisian charm and refined decoration, it has two rooms and every comfort.  Stays from two nights, luxury upscale interior for this quiet and cozy place.  Ideal for keeping their independence and enjoy a wonderful stay in our beautiful capital
6618		Confortable studio pour 2 personnes situé au pied de la butte Montmartre. Calme et lumineux, il est au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur) avec une vue imprenable sur le Sacré Cœur.  Idéal pour passer quelques nuit romantiques au cœur de Paris!
6619	"Old wood floors, fireplace, very hign ceilings with moldings: built in 1830's this apartment has character and the charm of the ""ancient"".  It is on the corner of two narrow streets (La Bruyère & La Rochefoucauld) with lots of tall double windows making it both bright and quiet despite being on the 2nd floor.  With its two bathrooms (only one toilet) and three bedrooms, plus a vast living room and dining room, it can comfortably accomodate up to 6 people.  Both main beds have ergonomic (Lattoflex) mattresses.   Situated in an old building with very thick walls, the apartment stays naturally cool in the summer evenings, the way old homes do in the countryside.  Which is definitely a plus in case of a heat wave!"	"This spacious (130 M2) 5-room apartment has preserved the rare charm of 1830's (moulding, parquet, fireplace) n a neighborhood that is very central (between Sacré Coeur & Galeries Lafayette) without being touristic. Close to 3 subways. Lots of great boutiques, gourmet food shops, and fine restaurants.   Old wood floors, fireplace, very hign ceilings with moldings: built in 1830's this apartment has character and the charm of the ""ancient"".  It is on the corner of two narrow streets (La Bruyère & La Rochefoucauld) with lots of tall double windows making it both bright and quiet despite being on the 2nd floor.  With its two bathrooms (only one toilet) and three bedrooms, plus a vast living room and dining room, it can comfortably accomodate up to 6 people.  Both main beds have ergonomic (Lattoflex) mattresses.   Situated in an old building with very thick walls, the apartment stays naturally cool in the summer evenings, the way old homes do in the countryside.  Which is definitely a plus"
6620	The apartment is located in a beautiful and peaceful square, away from the city noise.  It has one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room, for 4 persons maximum. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of the building without elevator. 	Central location in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood, near the Opera Garnier. The apartment is located in a beautiful and peaceful square, away from the city noise.  It has one bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room, for 4 persons maximum. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of the building without elevator.  Bathroom and kitchen with all amenities, Wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer,... You could reach me or my brother by email if you need any information. We will be here to help you. You could find a lot of great restaurants, bars, theaters,... in the neighborhood and a lot of food shops and supermakets to live a very parisian experience.  It's easy walking distance from a lot of great parisian places like the Opera (15min), the Grands Boulevards and the passages (5min), Montorgueuil (15min), South Pigalle and Martyrs street (10min). Several subway and bus stations: - Subway: Line 7 (cadet ; poissonnière ) / Line 8 (bonne nouvelle) / Line 9 (bonne nouvelle) - Bus: Lin
6621		appartement 40 m2 , avec deux chambres chacune avec un lit double , salon cuisine séparé par un bar .. salle de bain avec baignoire  calme lumineux et cosy
6622	Appartement de 105 m2 avec 3 chambres et une salle de bains capable d'acceuillir 5/6 personnes avec tout  le confort moderne. Situé au coeur de Paris dans le 9ème arrondissement, l'appartement est au pied de Montmartre et tout proche d'Opéra. En étage élevé avec ascenseur, il garantit à ses hôtes un grand calme : petit immeuble avec un seul appartement par étage, chambres sur cours et double vitrage partout.  Entièrement rénové en 2006, il bénéficie d'un équipement très complet, TV DVD Internet bien entendu, mais aussi tout le matériel  ménager souhaitable, lave linge lave vaisselle sèche linge  etc... 	Appartement de 105 m2 avec 3 chambres et une salle de bains capable d'acceuillir 5/6 personnes avec tout  le confort moderne. Situé au coeur de Paris dans le 9ème arrondissement, l'appartement est au pied de Montmartre et tout proche d'Opéra. En étage élevé avec ascenseur, il garantit à ses hôtes un grand calme : petit immeuble avec un seul appartement par étage, chambres sur cours et double vitrage partout.  Entièrement rénové en 2006, il bénéficie d'un équipement très complet, TV DVD Internet bien entendu, mais aussi tout le matériel  ménager souhaitable, lave linge lave vaisselle sèche linge  etc... 
6623	Appartement cosy, très calme où il fait bon observer les toits parisiens et les premiers rayons du soleil au petit matin. Proche de nombreux commerces, en plein centre de Paris.  Proche de Pigalle, Montmartre, Opéra, Les Quais de Seine.  Dans l'appartement, deux lits convertibles qui forment un canapé dans la journée et un lit superposé. Accès à internet.  Cuisine équipée ( four-micro ondes), machine à café, plaque à induction.  Machine à laver.	Joli petit logement de 19m2 situé au 3ème étage  d'une rue calme au coeur du 9ème arrondissement.  - Situé entre Pigalle, Opéra et le Quais de Seine.  - De nombreux commerces, restaurants et bars à proximité.  - rue piétonne. Appartement cosy, très calme où il fait bon observer les toits parisiens et les premiers rayons du soleil au petit matin. Proche de nombreux commerces, en plein centre de Paris.  Proche de Pigalle, Montmartre, Opéra, Les Quais de Seine.  Dans l'appartement, deux lits convertibles qui forment un canapé dans la journée et un lit superposé. Accès à internet.  Cuisine équipée ( four-micro ondes), machine à café, plaque à induction.  Machine à laver. Accès à tout l'appartement. je vous accueil personnellement. très beau quartier parisien, idéal pour aller au restaurant, dans un bar ou simplement pour flâner. En plein centre de Paris. Proche de la ligne 12 Notre dame de Lorette  et de la ligne 7 Cadet.
6624	Logement tout équipé dans un immeuble résidentiel  tout proche des hauts lieux touristiques à seulement 50 mères du métro Pigalle. logement pouvant accueillir 8 personnes avec 7 vrais lits(possibilité pour une 9ème personne avec 25€ de supplément par nuit). salon, 3 chambres,  cuisine toute équipée, salle de bains, serviettes et linges fournis, accès internet haut débit, PC et tél gratuits, tv câblée....	à 50 mètres du M° Pigalle, hauts lieux touristiques, appartement entier, 3 chambres  un salon, 7 vrais lits pour 8 personnes, wifi haut débit, PC, imprimante, scan et tél gratuits, tv,cuisine toute équipée, serviettes et linges fournis, salle de bain Logement tout équipé dans un immeuble résidentiel  tout proche des hauts lieux touristiques à seulement 50 mères du métro Pigalle. logement pouvant accueillir 8 personnes avec 7 vrais lits(possibilité pour une 9ème personne avec 25€ de supplément par nuit). salon, 3 chambres,  cuisine toute équipée, salle de bains, serviettes et linges fournis, accès internet haut débit, PC et tél gratuits, tv câblée.... - 3 chambres avec 7 vrais lits pouvant accueillir 8 personnes, (possibilité pour une 9ème  avec 25€ de supplément par nuit) - Salon équipé  - PC de bureau avec accès internet, imprimante, scanner, grande télé câblée - Salle de bains - Cuisine équipée - communications téléphoniques gratuites. - les serviettes et les draps fournis - Rencontr
6625		Offers charming rooms 2 - 5 minutes from Montmartre, 5 minutes from Moulin Rouge, 10 minutes from Opera Garnier and 15 minutes walk from the Louvre;
6626	Located between Montmartre and the Opera district and the “Galeries Lafayettes”, between metro Saint-Georges and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge)  We offer in a beautiful typical Parisian building, a beautiful 3-room apt. Apartment of 65 m2 including:  A dining room, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom with bath and shower and a large bedroom overlooking a quiet small garden.  The apartment was renovated in 2012 	    Great apartment ideally located in South Pigalle next to Montmartre and Galleries Lafayette. 65 sqm including  spacious bedroom, kitchen, living room, dining room, bathroom. This private & charming classic Parisian flat offers you the most ideal Parisian living experience!    Located between Montmartre and the Opera district and the “Galeries Lafayettes”, between metro Saint-Georges and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge)  We offer in a beautiful typical Parisian building, a beautiful 3-room apt. Apartment of 65 m2 including:  A dining room, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, large bathroom with bath and shower and a large bedroom overlooking a quiet small garden.  The apartment was renovated in 2012 From the two main Paris airports (Orly and Roissy)  The simplest solutions are:  - Either the RER B from these airports. Stop at the Gare du Nord and take the connection by metro line 2 in La Chapelle. Get off at Pigalle. You have arrived  - Either the Air France bus (stop at the Arc de Triom
6627	Looking for a unique large designer loft in Paris?  Renting our  103sqm (1150sqft) parisian loft, located in Montmartre, one of Paris most popular and romantic districts. The loft is conveniently located within walking distance of the entertainment districts of the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur Basilica and picturesque cobbled streets. The spacious flat is newly renovated and fully furnished with contemporary design. The living area and dining is one large 50sqm space all glazed on one side overlooking a calm courtyard with trees. It has 2 bedrooms with king size beds and storage, 1 baby room, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, 2 toilets, a fully equipped kitchen. There is a full entertainment system (with cable TV, wifi, dvd player, radio, etc.) and the flat is located within 2 mns walk of supermarkets, metro stations (Abesses & Pigalles) and a large range of entertainment facilities & restaurants.  It can sleep 4 people (we also have an inflatable double bed so an extra couple could	Spacious designer loft in Paris, superb location in Montmartre, one of Paris most popular and romantic districts. Looking for a unique large designer loft in Paris?  Renting our  103sqm (1150sqft) parisian loft, located in Montmartre, one of Paris most popular and romantic districts. The loft is conveniently located within walking distance of the entertainment districts of the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur Basilica and picturesque cobbled streets. The spacious flat is newly renovated and fully furnished with contemporary design. The living area and dining is one large 50sqm space all glazed on one side overlooking a calm courtyard with trees. It has 2 bedrooms with king size beds and storage, 1 baby room, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, 2 toilets, a fully equipped kitchen. There is a full entertainment system (with cable TV, wifi, dvd player, radio, etc.) and the flat is located within 2 mns walk of supermarkets, metro stations (Abesses & Pigalles) and a large range of entertainmen
6628	Update-Long bookings more than welcome! Sixth floor without elevator but nice way up!  You got an oven, micro, everything you may need in the kitchen! There's a super view of Sacre Coeur and all sunset are amazing (when its not cloud!) Two lil balconies in a 30m for your own, bathtub, wc, fully equipped kitchen, and big convertible sofa into a bed.  Bed size is 120x190 and the convertibles is 140x200, there's bed clothing and towels disposed for you. People sometimes use the little one for couples and the other for a friend or a second couple, other people do opposite... feel free to cuddle your partner or wake up with sunshine in a bigger bed!  There's no washing machine just because you got an eco laundry just on the other side of the street.  And also markets are just down in the corner or at rue de maubeuge with rue rochechuart (carrefour market).  Oh! And an amazing fresh market on friday at Square Anvers, I recommend it! It's 5-10 minutes walking from Gare du Nord, so easy!  Clos	Nice view of sacre coeur! Very clam studio, homy, and perfect for a couple or two friends visiting Paris or just a good weekend.  Also you have a big convertible coach if need, two lil balconies and ps2 (who knows!)  Decorated myself all for you Update-Long bookings more than welcome! Sixth floor without elevator but nice way up!  You got an oven, micro, everything you may need in the kitchen! There's a super view of Sacre Coeur and all sunset are amazing (when its not cloud!) Two lil balconies in a 30m for your own, bathtub, wc, fully equipped kitchen, and big convertible sofa into a bed.  Bed size is 120x190 and the convertibles is 140x200, there's bed clothing and towels disposed for you. People sometimes use the little one for couples and the other for a friend or a second couple, other people do opposite... feel free to cuddle your partner or wake up with sunshine in a bigger bed!  There's no washing machine just because you got an eco laundry just on the other side of the street.
6629	Sunny studio under the rooftops. View of Paris guaranteed.	Sunny studio with kitchen, bathroom, washing machine, ironing equipment...The studio gets a lot of sun and has a nice view on Paris city. Suitcases and other heavy items can be left before arrival  and after departure (until 9PM), with the concierge. Sunny studio under the rooftops. View of Paris guaranteed. The travelers have the entire studio to themselves and are the only occupants. Very cosy neighborhood right next to Montmartre. Many theatres, an old market on friday and normal markets are just in the street. Close to gare to Nord (train to England). Gare de l'Est and Gare st Lazart (trains to Normandy). It is well connected to many subway lines.
6630	"Perfectly located in one of the trendiest district of the capital, you'll easily run into most famous places (Opera, Montorgueil, Vendôme)  Best suited for couples, this cozy apartment will provide you all necessary comfort and furniture needed. The whole place will be yours.  All equipment will be at your disposal:  Full equipped kitchen, Dishes, Washing machine, TV, Wifi (fibre optic network), Iphone Stereo Speaker .. Don't miss the opportunity to live in one of the busiest streets of shops and cafes to be found in the capital ""Rue du Faubourg Montmartre"" has kept, despite the years, its old-fashioned charm with its traditional market, shops, many typical Parisian cafes, lively bars, cabarets and Theatres ! Located 5 min walk from Opera. The closest metro station is ""Grand Boulevard"" on line 8, but metro ""Saint-lazare"" is very near also."	"Nice and charming flat in the center of Paris. Situated at the 4th floor of an old building, sunny and quiet. Fully equipped.  Five minutes walk from Opera, Musée Grévin, Galeries Lafayette. One king-size bed, sofa and single bed Perfectly located in one of the trendiest district of the capital, you'll easily run into most famous places (Opera, Montorgueil, Vendôme)  Best suited for couples, this cozy apartment will provide you all necessary comfort and furniture needed. The whole place will be yours.  All equipment will be at your disposal:  Full equipped kitchen, Dishes, Washing machine, TV, Wifi (fibre optic network), Iphone Stereo Speaker .. Don't miss the opportunity to live in one of the busiest streets of shops and cafes to be found in the capital ""Rue du Faubourg Montmartre"" has kept, despite the years, its old-fashioned charm with its traditional market, shops, many typical Parisian cafes, lively bars, cabarets and Theatres ! Located 5 min walk from Opera. The closest metro st"
6631	Beautiful newly renovated shared apartment located in the historical center of Paris, between the Opera Garnier and Place Vendome. It is located on the 5th floor in a beautiful building located between the Place de l'Opéra and Place Vendôme. The apartment with an area of approximately 20m2. It is equipped with a spacious living room with very comfortable sofa bed (6,52/5,24) and fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It is equipped WI-FI/Télévision. - Access to the metro station: 1 min: M 3, 7, 8 Opera 4 min 8 M, 12, 14 Madeleine Location is ideal for shopping (rue du Faubourg St. Honoré, Place Vendôme, Galeries Lafayette ... less than 5 minutes walk). The French Comedy, Royal Palace, Olympia, the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Gardens are less than 5min walk also. 	Beautiful newly renovated shared apartment located in the historical center of Paris, between the Opera Garnier and Place Vendome. It is located on the 5th floor in a beautiful building located between the Place de l'Opéra and Place Vendôme. The apartment with an area of approximately 20m2. It is equipped with a spacious living room with very comfortable sofa bed (6,52/5,24) and fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. It is equipped WI-FI/Télévision. - Access to the metro station: 1 min: M 3, 7, 8 Opera 4 min 8 M, 12, 14 Madeleine Location is ideal for shopping (rue du Faubourg St. Honoré, Place Vendôme, Galeries Lafayette ... less than 5 minutes walk). The French Comedy, Royal Palace, Olympia, the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Gardens are less than 5min walk also. 
6632	MINILOFT OPERA è situato nello splendido quartiere 2/GRANDS BOULEVARDS della città di París. Il posto ideale per visitare la città Se volete trascorrere le vostre vacanze in città, ma volete dormire sonni tranquilli, MINILOFT OPERA è l'appartamento perfetto. Non avrai soltanto a disposizione tutti i comfort di MINILOFT OPERA, ma anche una terrazza di 19 m2 con vista sulla città. Potresti vivere senza Internet per un paio di giorni ... ma preferisci un appartamento con wi-fi. Sarà a disposizione durante il tuo soggiorno.	Romantico e lussuoso miniloft su avenue de l'opera, nel cuore della Parigi più esclusiva. Arredato con molta attenzione ai particolari, ultimo piano con ascensore e terrazza di 20 mq. A pochi passi da Place Vendome, gli champs elysees MINILOFT OPERA è situato nello splendido quartiere 2/GRANDS BOULEVARDS della città di París. Il posto ideale per visitare la città Se volete trascorrere le vostre vacanze in città, ma volete dormire sonni tranquilli, MINILOFT OPERA è l'appartamento perfetto. Non avrai soltanto a disposizione tutti i comfort di MINILOFT OPERA, ma anche una terrazza di 19 m2 con vista sulla città. Potresti vivere senza Internet per un paio di giorni ... ma preferisci un appartamento con wi-fi. Sarà a disposizione durante il tuo soggiorno. Supplemento di 50 € per ogni arrivo dalle 18h alle 20h00, supplemento di 100 euro dalle 20h alle 22h Delizioso miniloft per 2 persone, al centro di Parigi, a due passi da place Vendome e de l'Opera, al piano attico con terrazza panoramica 
6633	* Hausmann-era flooring and moldings * Bright and quiet * Separated living room * Fully equipped kitchen * WiFi Internet access * Washing machine/dryer * Elevator/lift	Beautiful, sunlit, quiet apartment with original Hausmann-era flooring and moldings. Fantastically located near Opera, Galleries Lafayette, Printemps, Montmartre, Sacre Coeur, South Pigalle, rue des Martyrs and several metro lines. * Hausmann-era flooring and moldings * Bright and quiet * Separated living room * Fully equipped kitchen * WiFi Internet access * Washing machine/dryer * Elevator/lift * Fantastically located near Opera, Galleries Lafayette, Printemps, Montmartre, Sacre Coeur, South Pigalle and rue des Martyrs * Quiet inner courtyard * Happy to provide insiders tips about Paris best sights, restaurants and bar * Several guide books left in the apartment to be freely used * Host reachable via email, text and phone * Extremely Parisian neighborhood * 2-minute walk to rue des Martyrs, a traditional, lively Parisian market street with lots of good restaurants, bakeries, green grocers and shops * 5-minute walk to South Pigalle, the new hip district of Paris, with many cool shops,
6634		Bienvenue à Paris !  Situez dans le 9ème arrondissement mon appartement vous accueille dans le centre de Paris pour votre voyage. Très bien desservi (métro Saint-Georges à moins de 300m) vous serez idéalement placé pour découvrir la ville.
6635	if you look for quality and spend good vacation, it's the place to rest ;)	"lovely situation & amazing deco: ""south of pigale"", martyrs, montmartre, opera, 3 rooms for couple wconveniences (escalator, wifi, tv, air conditioning +fan, lux kitchen +bath +good bed & couch...), green balcony with view on montmartre day & night,) if you look for quality and spend good vacation, it's the place to rest ;) The escalator works well, it was before with a code to access, but now we turn it off, it's more convenient ! I do not rent my homesweethome too often, it's not a business for me, i just make to make a big travel ! ... that's why i like to meet nice people for relation that will last over time ;) everything is close, really in the center of paris and montmartre village with shops and the view over paris ! line 12, subway saint georges i will tell you all the good place to go !;)"
6636	It's fully functional with a living room with a sofa, fully equipt kitchen, dining room, bedroom with queen sized bed, and a bathroom with a shower.  I would be thrilled to have you stay here and hope that you will enjoy your time in the flat as much as I do!	Charming, clean apartment in the heart of Paris.  It's a spacious apartment at 70m² (754 square feet)  that is very quiet, facing a private courtyard. It's fully functional with a living room with a sofa, fully equipt kitchen, dining room, bedroom with queen sized bed, and a bathroom with a shower.  I would be thrilled to have you stay here and hope that you will enjoy your time in the flat as much as I do!
6637	35 m2 apartement with a bedroom, a bathroom, a living room with an open kitchen fully equiped ( dish washer, washing machine and dryer, new flat screen tv, internet, phone, wifi). Private entry Very well located for tourists (at 100 meters from le moulin rouge and 500 m from Montmartre), close to 3 metro lines (2, 12 et 13): view of the moulin rouge from the bedroom (very close to the large French departement stores such as Galeries Lafayette). This apartment was the office of the Architect Théodore BALLU who designed this building as well as the Paris city hall and the Trinity church in the 19th century.	35 m2 apartement with a bedroom, a bathroom, a living room with an open kitchen fully equiped ( dish washer, washing machine and dryer, new flat screen tv, internet, phone, wifi). Private entry Very well located for tourists (at 100 meters from le moulin rouge and 500 m from Montmartre), close to 3 metro lines (2, 12 et 13): view of the moulin rouge from the bedroom (very close to the large French departement stores such as Galeries Lafayette). This apartment was the office of the Architect Théodore BALLU who designed this building as well as the Paris city hall and the Trinity church in the 19th century.
6638	A cozy little flat perfectly situated between the Opera Garnier, La Madeleine church and a two finest shopping centers Galleries Lafayette and  Printemps. Only 10 minutes walking to Louvre and Orsay  museums and avenue Champs-Elysees. A flat is fully furnished, very large bed for 2 persons, tv, internet... Kitchen  completely equipped, hot plate, fridge, microvawe with the oven, kettler... 7 th floor without no elevator is typical Hausmanian architecture for the top floors studios in center of Paris, and the toilet in front of the appartment which is a good and a very common solution for the most of a small apparrtments. The 8th district of Paris, where the flat is located,  is an historical area with a typical architecture of the Haussmanian style.  If you like nice restaurants with a typical french food, this is the perfect area for you. Many bakeries, cafees and bars, as well as famous Ladure and Fauchon are  in the bloc,  so you can enjoy  your  perfect parisian breakfast. And if y	A very charming flat perfectly situated between the Opera Garnier, La Madeleine church and a two finest shopping centers Galleries Lafayette and  Printemps. Only 10 minutes walking to Louvre and Orsay  museums and avenue Champs-Elysees. A cozy little flat perfectly situated between the Opera Garnier, La Madeleine church and a two finest shopping centers Galleries Lafayette and  Printemps. Only 10 minutes walking to Louvre and Orsay  museums and avenue Champs-Elysees. A flat is fully furnished, very large bed for 2 persons, tv, internet... Kitchen  completely equipped, hot plate, fridge, microvawe with the oven, kettler... 7 th floor without no elevator is typical Hausmanian architecture for the top floors studios in center of Paris, and the toilet in front of the appartment which is a good and a very common solution for the most of a small apparrtments. The 8th district of Paris, where the flat is located,  is an historical area with a typical architecture of the Haussmanian style.  If
6639	Unique architect appartment with 23 sqm  private terrasse in the heart of Paris!	Amazing  appartment with private terrace in the heart of Paris (9th district).  One bedroom. Experience the best parisian nightlife, the famous Moulin Rouge, the finest restaurants, the best pubs and the galeries Lafayette at walking distance!  Unique architect appartment with 23 sqm  private terrasse in the heart of Paris! Wifi, Cable TV My pleasure, just ask! Hipster neighborhood with many pubs, bars, cafés Large choice of excellent restaurants Location central in Paris (100m from subway) Rue des Martyrs Moulin Rouge Place Saint Georges Opéra Garnier Galeries Lafayette & Printemps Shopping malls All commodities 100m away Metro, bus stations, parking if needed
6640	The design is very contemporain! A great and comfortable bed will make you stay. The nice little bar is perfect to start an evening	Studio freshly renovated 1mn walk from Pigalle metro station. Equipped with style, containing a small kitchen with a bar, a lounge area, a bedroom slightly separated from the lounge and a nicely decorated bathroom. The studio view is over a garden. The design is very contemporain! A great and comfortable bed will make you stay. The nice little bar is perfect to start an evening As much as you want! We leave privacy but we are happy to help and advice Great bars and restaurant around. Close by Rue des Martyrs, few theaters, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, La basilique du Sacré Coeur Metro 2minutes away, Vélib(biking service), 15mn walk to St Lazard train station!!! It is great if you need to go to Versailles or Normandie (Deauville)!. Also, only 15min by underground (metro) to Gare du Nord! Great access to SOPI!!
6641	I welcome you in my one bedroom apartment of 30 m2 close to the Grands Boulevards and the Folies Bergères, in the heart of the 9th district whose reputation is already made ! And if you still hesitate, take a look at the pictures, they speak for itself ! 	This cosy cocoon in the heart of Paris greets you for your trip ! It can welcome 2 people and is ideally situated , close to 5 subway lines, next to the Grands Boulvards.  I welcome you in my one bedroom apartment of 30 m2 close to the Grands Boulevards and the Folies Bergères, in the heart of the 9th district whose reputation is already made ! And if you still hesitate, take a look at the pictures, they speak for itself ! The apartment is on the first floor without elevator of a building with a code and is secured by a security door. It is composed of a bedroom as a little white cocoon with a real 140 cm double bed , a bathroom with shower and toilet, a fully equipped kitchen (oven, electric stoves, extractor, robot. ..) with washer / dryer and a cozy and sunny living room with a little desk. WiFi access is available, and also a sound system to plug your own music. Towels and sheets are included. If I can't be personally here to welcome you, a friend of mine will be there at your arri
6642	Parisian flat, spacious and cosy, with a huge living and a nice decoration. Very quiet and sunny. Perfectly located in rue des Martyrs.	"Rue des Martyrs : 70m²/750ft² flat with 45m²/480ft² living, sunny and very quiet. Design decoration. Big bathtub and shower. Open-plan kitchen. Standing parisian building with elevator. 10min walk from Montmartre and Opera. Parisian flat, spacious and cosy, with a huge living and a nice decoration. Very quiet and sunny. Perfectly located in rue des Martyrs. Don't hesitate to ask us for nice places in the neighborhood. Very sought-after location, the rue des Martyrs is in the heart of the 9th district of Paris : ""village"" spirit, trendy yet with a family atmosphere. 7 bakers, 4 butchers, 8 greengrocers, 2 fish stores, Carrefour, Picard, Naturalia, Franprix... Many design shops, restaurants and bars (SOPI). 2min walk from métro NOTRE DAME DE LORETTE.  5min in bus / 15min walk from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.  10min walk from Gare Saint Lazare.  30min in metro from Gare Montparnasse (direct).  Many buses and metros very close (2,7, 12). 2min walk from car lot.  2min walk from taxi sta"
6643	Situé au premier, dans un petit immeuble (2 étages) fin XIXème l’appartement possède 2 chambres et un séjour cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, donnant sur les jardins.  A 10 minutes à pied des grands magasins, au centre du quartier des théâtres et proche de l’opéra.  Il est à proximité immédiate de supermarchés comme du marché de la rue Lepic ou de commerces traditionnels de la rue des Martyrs avec ses nombreux et exceptionnels commerces de produits régionaux, de vins... Nombreux restaurants à proximité, musées, discothèques... . 	        Situé en plein cœur du quartier historique , entre Montmartre et St Georges, tout près de Pigalle mais dans un calme absolu, appartement de charme sur cour intérieure arborée faisant face à l’ancien hôtel de Victor Hugo.        Situé au premier, dans un petit immeuble (2 étages) fin XIXème l’appartement possède 2 chambres et un séjour cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, donnant sur les jardins.  A 10 minutes à pied des grands magasins, au centre du quartier des théâtres et proche de l’opéra.  Il est à proximité immédiate de supermarchés comme du marché de la rue Lepic ou de commerces traditionnels de la rue des Martyrs avec ses nombreux et exceptionnels commerces de produits régionaux, de vins... Nombreux restaurants à proximité, musées, discothèques... . Plusieurs métros et bus à moins de 2 mn à pieds desservent directement les sites touristiques de la capitale. Une station vélib’ (location de vélos par la ville de Paris) est également accessible à moins de 3 mn à pieds. J
6644	Amazing renewed loft in the heart of Paris. Ground-floor with access to a nice and sunny court-yard (no window to the street). Kitchen fully equipped. Bathroom with italian shower. Internet provided. You will feel home in Paris 	35 square meters loft (31 with Carrez law) in the heart of Paris. Recently completely renewed and equiped with washing machine and home cinema! Located on the ground floor, amazing courtyard. Easy access to several subways. Amazing landlord Amazing renewed loft in the heart of Paris. Ground-floor with access to a nice and sunny court-yard (no window to the street). Kitchen fully equipped. Bathroom with italian shower. Internet provided. You will feel home in Paris Close to Notre-Dame de Lorette, the Trinité, Opéra, les grands magasins and les Grands boulevards, the flat is perfectly located to enjoy the city I'm totally available for any information or advices to find good restaurants, or nice Paris tours The neighborhood is perfect for restaurants or drinks. South Pigalle is the place to be when you want to be in quiet area but close to the best places to go out Line 7 and 12 at 5 mins of walk. Saint Lazare is at 10 min walking 3 Velib station at less than 2 min walking I'll try my be
6645	This apartment is located on rue d'Aumale in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, Saint-Georges district. It's a 1 bedroom apartment, 35 square meters, approximately 376 sqft. It lies on the 2nd floor with elevator, fully renovated 2 years ago with moulding and fireplace, it offers 1 living room, 1 dining room, 1 equipped and separated kitchen, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel (1 bed and 1 sofa bed). The nearest metro station is Saint-Georges.  The street is very quiet but you are close to Pigalle and Montmartre, a district very lively, the rue Lepic where Amelie Poulain film takes place, the very well known everyday market in rue Lepic, not so fare from la Butte Montmartre and la Place du Tertre. 10 minutes with the metro to the Champs-Elysees and the Opera district and its departments stores Le Printemps and les Galeries Lafayette. The district has many restaurants and the famous Moulin Rouge. The apartment is l	Beautiful typical Parisian apartment located in one go the most pretty street of the 9th arrondissement of Paris, Rue d'Aumale. Can welcome up 4 people, perfect place for a leisure or business trip. This apartment is located on rue d'Aumale in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, Saint-Georges district. It's a 1 bedroom apartment, 35 square meters, approximately 376 sqft. It lies on the 2nd floor with elevator, fully renovated 2 years ago with moulding and fireplace, it offers 1 living room, 1 dining room, 1 equipped and separated kitchen, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 4 people for leisure or business travel (1 bed and 1 sofa bed). The nearest metro station is Saint-Georges.  The street is very quiet but you are close to Pigalle and Montmartre, a district very lively, the rue Lepic where Amelie Poulain film takes place, the very well known everyday market in rue Lepic, not so fare from la Butte Montmartre and la Place du Tertre. 10 minutes with the m
6646	I’m renting my Parisian apartment for the summer.  It has a wonderful so called salon where you can enjoy a typical Parisian view.  As an attic flat you have all day long a light and charming atmosphere. Next to this you can find a bedroom with double bed for two persons, a small kitchen with fridge, microwave and kitchen sink as well as a comfortable bathroom with bathtub and a charming black piano to enjoy paris evenings with a glass of wine and classical music. 	Calm and Charming Parisian Flat. Located in upcoming 9th district. Close to Galeries Lafayette, Opera and lots of cute Bistros and Bars. Next to Rue Cadet with Bakery, Cheesemongers, Wine shops etc. I’m renting my Parisian apartment for the summer.  It has a wonderful so called salon where you can enjoy a typical Parisian view.  As an attic flat you have all day long a light and charming atmosphere. Next to this you can find a bedroom with double bed for two persons, a small kitchen with fridge, microwave and kitchen sink as well as a comfortable bathroom with bathtub and a charming black piano to enjoy paris evenings with a glass of wine and classical music.  The apartment is placed in the backyard of an historic, typical Parisian old building in the charming style of the whole city. That means you have relaxed and calm nights and mornings and you can hide a little bit from paris busy side.  My friend, who will give you the key will be able to help you, should you need anything and fe
6647		Notre appartement familial est situé au 6e étage sous les toits. Idéal pour une famille. Tous commerces à proximité, 6 stations de métro à moins de 10 minutes. Proche Montmartre, Opéra, gare du nord et gare de l'est.
6648		Une chambre disponible dans un appartement d'architecte en plein cœur d'un quartier branché de Paris. Large choix de restaurants, pubs, bars, magasins à proximité.  Bienvenue chez vous! Wifi / Internet Cable TV Le temps qu'il faudra. Avec plaisir pour partager de bons moments et vous faire découvrir la capitale... Large choix de restaurants, bars, pubs. Appartement au calme dans un quartier central de Paris. Metro Saint Georges Bus Parking dispo sur demande
6649		Chambre très simple mais cosy sur cour calme près des lignes 2 et 12 du métro et de Montmartre (Sacré Cœur). Simple but cosy room on quiet court close to all the places of interest (Sacré Coeur), my joint roommates are quiet and very nice. Je suis disponible pour toutes explications et renseignements à propos de mon quartier et de Paris I am available for any explanations and information about my district and about Paris Ligne 2 et 12
6650	One of a kind apartment in the center of Paris. Incredible light in artist like loft. Fits 2 people comfortably plus 2 in sofa-bed if needed. Fully equipped american kitchen. 	"Spacious and comfortable one bedroom apt in the hype neighbourhood of South Pigalle (15 min to Montmarte and Opera). Located in a calm street, close to commerce, services and major subway lines. Enjoy the fireplace in this high ceiling skylight loft! One of a kind apartment in the center of Paris. Incredible light in artist like loft. Fits 2 people comfortably plus 2 in sofa-bed if needed. Fully equipped american kitchen.  Close to supermarket and commerce.  South Pigalle is the new up and coming ""cool"" neighbourhood in Paris.  Main Bus and Metro lines located less than 5 minutes away.  Please take care of all furnitures. Do not spill drink or food on couches."
6651	The flat is clean and tidy. Small but laid out. Although it is one a room, there is txo part : the living room (with a mechanical removable bed in the ceiling) and the kitchen (with one cooktop).	"This Studio is in the center of Paris. By foot, you are at 15min to the Opera Garnier (and 20min to the bigs shops ""Galerie Lafayette"" and ""Printemps""), 20min to Monmartre and 20min to Châtelet - Les Halles. The flat is clean and tidy. Small but laid out. Although it is one a room, there is txo part : the living room (with a mechanical removable bed in the ceiling) and the kitchen (with one cooktop). You can dispose of the whole studio : kitchen, and set of kitchen utensil, an oven and the bathroom. Towels, liquid soap, shampoo and hairdryer are at your disposal PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE MAKING YOUR RESERVATION : Some personal stuff are at the top of the wardrobe. This is not for you, thanks for your understanding :) I'll be there if you need anything. Feel free to ask me some advices about your trip in Paris ! The metro stations are Cadet (line 7) and Grands Boulevards (line 8 and 9)"
6652	Hi! I'm renting my room in my flat where my spanish friend Miguel also lives.  I'll be traveling so don't hesitate because the house worth it. 	I'm renting my room for a short period in my 100sq meter apartment in the 9th district.  The house is really big and with tones of natural light as well as the room. The 9th district is simple perfect for young people, really secure and well located Hi! I'm renting my room in my flat where my spanish friend Miguel also lives.  I'll be traveling so don't hesitate because the house worth it.  We have every kind of french groceries. From traditional bakeries to cheese stores or even some of the best restaurants in town. Metro is Cadet or Poissoniere line 7. Big supermarkets are also close to the house.  Line 7 is just around the corner in the big and glorious Lafayette Street.  Also the 10th district is just sharing it's border with the part of the 9th where the house is located making it even more centrical.  Internet connection and great kitchen. 
6653		Studio refait à neuf situé à South-Pigalle
6654	Hi all This lovely Parisian apartment of 35 m2 is located in a mythical area of Paris: Pigalle, just next to Montmartre (2 mins walk). With a view on the Pigalle place, you will be directly immersed in the real Parisian life. In terms of amenities, this apartment full of charm and well prepared consists of an entrance, a separate kitchen, a lounge, a bedroom, a bathroom and separate toilets. Are at your disposal: -in the kitchen: oven, micro wave, plates cooking, coffeemaker, blender, pots and pans, etc. -in the bathroom: bath towels, sheets, hairdryer, iron. This lovely flat is in a building which needs some redecoration. At the site level, you be at two steps of other mythical places that are Montmartre and the Abbesses. To move, easy: the Metro, buses and bikes are just at the bottom. No worries about finding food, restaurants, bars, music and shopping : you will find anything you want! Here you will have a good time! Then see you very soon! Anne, your future host.	Hi all This lovely Parisian apartment of 35 m2 is located in a mythical area of Paris: Pigalle, just next to Montmartre (2 mins walk). With a view on the Pigalle place, you will be directly immersed in the real Parisian life. In terms of amenities, this apartment full of charm and well prepared consists of an entrance, a separate kitchen, a lounge, a bedroom, a bathroom and separate toilets. Are at your disposal: -in the kitchen: oven, micro wave, plates cooking, coffeemaker, blender, pots and pans, etc. -in the bathroom: bath towels, sheets, hairdryer, iron. This lovely flat is in a building which needs some redecoration. At the site level, you be at two steps of other mythical places that are Montmartre and the Abbesses. To move, easy: the Metro, buses and bikes are just at the bottom. No worries about finding food, restaurants, bars, music and shopping : you will find anything you want! Here you will have a good time! Then see you very soon! Anne, your future host.
6655	Magnifique appartement idéalement situé au coeur de Paris. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, il est composé d'une entrée, un salon avec une cuisine US aménagée, une grande chambre avec un lit 1m40, une salle d'eau avec baignoire, wc, machine à laver et sèche linge, et un balcon exposition plein (website hidden) grand écran, Wifi, Canal + 	Magnifique appartement de 45m2 au coeur de Paris. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, il est composé d'une entrée, un salon avec une cuisine US aménagée, une grande chambre avec un lit 1m40, une salle d'eau avec baignoire, wc, machine à la Magnifique appartement idéalement situé au coeur de Paris. Au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, il est composé d'une entrée, un salon avec une cuisine US aménagée, une grande chambre avec un lit 1m40, une salle d'eau avec baignoire, wc, machine à laver et sèche linge, et un balcon exposition plein (website hidden) grand écran, Wifi, Canal + Accès au logement entier avec balcon Jouxtant la Rue des Martyrs au pied du Sacré Coeur, célèbre pour ses animations, restaurants et commerces de proximité. Proche métros Pigalle (M12 et M2), Cadet (M7), Barbès (M4 et M2) et Gare du Nord (RER E, B et D, M5 et M4).
6656	"Right in the center of Paris (close to the Opéra / 10 mn). 5 mn walk to many metro lines (9/8/7/5/12 and RER A). Charming, sunny and calm. Elevator. Building has been fully renovated lately Bedrooms on silent court.  Ideal for 2+1 persons (family woks well, parents + kids). Wi fi + television with international chanels Nicely and trendy furnished.  For the ones who love to cook, kitchen has everything. Secured main door Sheets and bath linen supplied. Very attractiv and safe environment Lot of shops, restaurants and top of top right in front of the ""Salle des ventes Drouot"". Something to see in Paris. 5 mn from Musée Grévin. 15 mn from Sacré Coeur  10 mn from Opéra 15 mn from Louvre (walking distances)"	"Sunny, Sacré Coeur's view w/balcony 2 bedrooms on a quiet court Close to Drouot Auction House and many Subway stations Design and confortable furniture Feel like home ! Right in the center of Paris (close to the Opéra / 10 mn). 5 mn walk to many metro lines (9/8/7/5/12 and RER A). Charming, sunny and calm. Elevator. Building has been fully renovated lately Bedrooms on silent court.  Ideal for 2+1 persons (family woks well, parents + kids). Wi fi + television with international chanels Nicely and trendy furnished.  For the ones who love to cook, kitchen has everything. Secured main door Sheets and bath linen supplied. Very attractiv and safe environment Lot of shops, restaurants and top of top right in front of the ""Salle des ventes Drouot"". Something to see in Paris. 5 mn from Musée Grévin. 15 mn from Sacré Coeur  10 mn from Opéra 15 mn from Louvre (walking distances) Perfectly located. Close to Montmartre, Pigalle and ""Les Grands Boulevards"".  Le Printemps, Les Galeries Lafayette are "
6657	L'appartement est un 2 pièces composé d'un salon, d'une salle de bain, d'une chambre avec lit double et d'une cuisine. Apartment located close to Montmartre and Martyrs street with the lovely shops. Chambre / Bedroom - un lit d'une grande qualité / 1 bed 190 x 140cm Salon / Living room - 1 canapé lit (140cm) / Sofa bed - 1 télé HD / HD TV - amplis (possibilité de connecter PC et lecteur MP3) / amplifier (possibility to connect a PC or a MP3 player) - Internet Wifi gratuit / Free internet / WiFi  Cuisine / Kitchen - Plaque vitrocéramique 2 feux / Ceramic hob - Four micro ondes combiné / Micro-wave oven - Réfrigérateur et congélateur / Fridge & freezer - Machine expresso / expresso maker Salle de bain / Bathroom - 1 baignoire / 1 bath Fer à repasser + planche, Machine à laver.../ Flatiron + ironing board, washing machine, toaster... Les serviettes de bain et les draps sont à votre disposition (Towels and bed sheets will be provided) 	Appartement calme et ensoleillé situé en plein cœur de Paris, proche du Sacré Cœur et de la rue Martyrs célèbre pour ses nombreuses boutiques. L'appartement est un 2 pièces composé d'un salon, d'une salle de bain, d'une chambre avec lit double et d'une cuisine. Apartment located close to Montmartre and Martyrs street with the lovely shops. Chambre / Bedroom - un lit d'une grande qualité / 1 bed 190 x 140cm Salon / Living room - 1 canapé lit (140cm) / Sofa bed - 1 télé HD / HD TV - amplis (possibilité de connecter PC et lecteur MP3) / amplifier (possibility to connect a PC or a MP3 player) - Internet Wifi gratuit / Free internet / WiFi  Cuisine / Kitchen - Plaque vitrocéramique 2 feux / Ceramic hob - Four micro ondes combiné / Micro-wave oven - Réfrigérateur et congélateur / Fridge & freezer - Machine expresso / expresso maker Salle de bain / Bathroom - 1 baignoire / 1 bath Fer à repasser + planche, Machine à laver.../ Flatiron + ironing board, washing machine, toaster... Les serviettes
6658	My flat is on the second floor, very light,  facing south west with four large windows in a very spacious living room. ( 30 m2 )  It is a fully furnished with :  - a living room ( sofa , tables )  - a kitchen (washing machine and dishwasher) - a bathroom with bath - Two bedrooms with a larg bed in each  	I am renting my own flat for short stay periods.  I am located in Pigalle, the very famous  area named South Pigalle My flat is on the second floor, very light,  facing south west with four large windows in a very spacious living room. ( 30 m2 )  It is a fully furnished with :  - a living room ( sofa , tables )  - a kitchen (washing machine and dishwasher) - a bathroom with bath - Two bedrooms with a larg bed in each  I rent my full apartement  Internet connection included I speak english I try to do my best when my guests needs information.  I am  present for the ckecking in  and cheking out  I can assist you to explain the best way to come home. I can also advice you to get any information to make your trip easier.  I do really love my neighbourhood. Located rue Pierre Fontaine / paris 9eme in the center of a very famous area : south Pigalle, very popular and trendy. Always an open shop around when you forget something and  an amazing choice  of nice cafés and restaurants around.    
6659	Dans un bel appartement lumineux de 80 m², je vous propose une chambre spacieuse sur (website hidden) pied de Montmartre, dans la très animée (commerces, restaurants, bars, théatres) rue des  Martyrs. Chambre avec salle de bains attenante. L'appartement est situé au 4 étage. Très lumineux, haut de plafond avec moulures. Balcon filant verdoyant avec vue sur le Sacré Coeur Appelé SoPi (pour South Pigalle), le quartier de la rue des Martyrs situé au pied de Montmartre, est animé et paisible à la fois. La rue regorge de restaurants, bars, petits commerces, théâtres... Une vraie vie de village au cœur de Paris ! Montmartre et sa rue fameuse rue des Abesses sont à 2mn, l'Opéra Garnier et les cinémas, les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann sont à 5mn. Le tout à pied !  Stations Notre Dame de Lorette (ligne 12) et Pigalle (lignes 2 et 12) Appelé SoPi (pour South Pigalle), le quartier de la rue des Martyrs situé au pied de Montmartre, est animé et paisible à la fois. La rue regorge de resta	Dans un bel appartement lumineux de 80 m², je vous propose une chambre spacieuse sur (website hidden) pied de Montmartre, dans la très animée (commerces, restaurants, bars, théatres) rue des  Martyrs. Chambre avec salle de bains attenante. L'appartement est situé au 4 étage. Très lumineux, haut de plafond avec moulures. Balcon filant verdoyant avec vue sur le Sacré Coeur Appelé SoPi (pour South Pigalle), le quartier de la rue des Martyrs situé au pied de Montmartre, est animé et paisible à la fois. La rue regorge de restaurants, bars, petits commerces, théâtres... Une vraie vie de village au cœur de Paris ! Montmartre et sa rue fameuse rue des Abesses sont à 2mn, l'Opéra Garnier et les cinémas, les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann sont à 5mn. Le tout à pied !  Stations Notre Dame de Lorette (ligne 12) et Pigalle (lignes 2 et 12) Appelé SoPi (pour South Pigalle), le quartier de la rue des Martyrs situé au pied de Montmartre, est animé et paisible à la fois. La rue regorge de resta
6660	I rent a nice and quiet bed room, with a dopple bed, a cupboard, a desk and a hifi. The accomodation is about 9 square metres and leans in a cosy and clean parisian flat. You will share the flat with my mother, who is really nice and fun. She works most part of the time, so you won't see her so much ( from 11 am to 2am). You will find everything you might need in the flat: Wifi, a washing machine,a cooktop, an oven... the bathroom inclues a washbasin and a bath, and the toilets are separated. The price is pretty low for the district. We had a problem during the last month with the water, and we can't garantee you to have a hot shower since the morning! You'll may have to wait for the evening to have a big warm bath. The place is located in the 9th district, in a friendly and lively neighborhood, between Montmartre and Les Grands Boulevards. There is a bus stop just in front of the building, and four tube stations in the area, and you are closed of the center of Paris. The street where 	I rent a nice and quiet bed room, with a dopple bed, a cupboard, a desk and a hifi. The accomodation is about 9 square metres and leans in a cosy and clean parisian flat. You will share the flat with my mother, who is really nice and fun. She works most part of the time, so you won't see her so much ( from 11 am to 2am). You will find everything you might need in the flat: Wifi, a washing machine,a cooktop, an oven... the bathroom inclues a washbasin and a bath, and the toilets are separated. The price is pretty low for the district. We had a problem during the last month with the water, and we can't garantee you to have a hot shower since the morning! You'll may have to wait for the evening to have a big warm bath. The place is located in the 9th district, in a friendly and lively neighborhood, between Montmartre and Les Grands Boulevards. There is a bus stop just in front of the building, and four tube stations in the area, and you are closed of the center of Paris. The street where 
6661	"ONLY FEMALES - NO MALES Cozy 3-room apartment fully furnished, Paris 9, which I would like to share on a short term basis with independant females coming over to Paris and looking for a place to stay for a couple of nights Thank you to update your AirBnB profile with a PICTURE and some details about you before contacting me, I like to know who is gonna come to my place!  Whole apartment surface area: 48 sq. m 1 bedroom where I sleep WITH BATHROOM INSIDE TO BE SHARED 1 working room set up as a bedroom: with a thick futon single place. It is the place to offer  1 independent WC with a mirror and washbasin  1 living room with a fully equipped ""American"" kitchen than you can use Wooden floor (except in bathroom and kitchen)   Location:  Rue des Martyrs - Paris 9  3rd floor - no elevator  Courtyard view, clear Very quiet   Facing west   Renting fees:  54 Euros net / night  Facilities:  Large flat screen TV (82cm)  DVD player  Oven, Cooking plates, Microwave, Refrigerator with a freezer  Toa"	"Cozy 3-room apartment fully furnished, Paris 9, which I would like to share on a short term basis with independant females coming over to Paris and looking for a place to stay for a couple of nights ONLY FEMALES - NO MALES Cozy 3-room apartment fully furnished, Paris 9, which I would like to share on a short term basis with independant females coming over to Paris and looking for a place to stay for a couple of nights Thank you to update your AirBnB profile with a PICTURE and some details about you before contacting me, I like to know who is gonna come to my place!  Whole apartment surface area: 48 sq. m 1 bedroom where I sleep WITH BATHROOM INSIDE TO BE SHARED 1 working room set up as a bedroom: with a thick futon single place. It is the place to offer  1 independent WC with a mirror and washbasin  1 living room with a fully equipped ""American"" kitchen than you can use Wooden floor (except in bathroom and kitchen)   Location:  Rue des Martyrs - Paris 9  3rd floor - no elevator  Courty"
6662	Bonjour, Nous habitons le centre de Paris, dans un quartier très branché et très calme.  Ma femme est dermatologue, et je suis publicitaire retraité. Notre fille Anna vit et travaille à Manhatan et nous venons regulièrement aux USA. Notre appartement est très agréable. Il possède une belle terrasse avec une vue extraordinaire sur Paris. Nous sommes à 5 mn à pieds des commerçants, des musées, de l'opéra, des cinémas, du métro, des bus, de la gare qui va en Normandie.  Bruxelles est à 1H20 par le TGV, Londres 2H20, Amsterdam 3H, Lyon 2H, Marseille 3H. (email hidden) (phone number hidden) Hello, We live in the center of Paris, in a very trendy and very quiet district.  My wife is a dermatologist, and I am advertising retired. Our daughter Anna lives and works on Manhattan and we come regularly to the USA. Our apartment (110 squares meters) is very (website hidden) possesses a beautiful terrace with an extraordinary view on Paris. We are 5 mn to feet of the storekeepers, the museums, the o	Superbe appartement entièrement refait il y a 2 ans, situé entre l'Opéra et la rue des martyrs. Terrasse et vue sur les toits de Paris. Commerçants, métro, bus et taxis à moins de 5 mn. Théâtres, cinémas, music-hall quasiment au pied de l'immeuble. Accueil personnalisé et premier repas prêt. Tout le confort moderne. Wifi, télévision, hi-fi. Parking à proximité. Bonjour, Nous habitons le centre de Paris, dans un quartier très branché et très calme.  Ma femme est dermatologue, et je suis publicitaire retraité. Notre fille Anna vit et travaille à Manhatan et nous venons regulièrement aux USA. Notre appartement est très agréable. Il possède une belle terrasse avec une vue extraordinaire sur Paris. Nous sommes à 5 mn à pieds des commerçants, des musées, de l'opéra, des cinémas, du métro, des bus, de la gare qui va en Normandie.  Bruxelles est à 1H20 par le TGV, Londres 2H20, Amsterdam 3H, Lyon 2H, Marseille 3H. (email hidden) (phone number hidden) Hello, We live in the center of Paris, in a
6663	L’appartement, orienté plein Sud, est très ensoleillé et offre une jolie vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Vous pourrez apercevoir les Invalides, l’Opéra et la tour Montparnasse. Très calme car situé sur cour. Intégralement rénové en 2014, l'appartement est composé d'une cuisine américaine totalement équipée, d'une douche à l’italienne, d'un dressing, d'une grande chambre avec lit double (160*200) sur cours, le tout avec le charme de l’ancien (moulures, parquet, cheminée). Le quartier, entre Saint Georges et Pigalle, est vraiment très agréable, très animé, tout proche de Montmartre, du moulin rouge, avec une multitude de restaurants, bars, petits magasins. Vous pourrez flâner dans la rue des martyrs le dimanche, aller à pied à l’opéra ou aux Galerie Lafayette en 15 minutes, vous balader à Montmartre en un clin d’œil.  	Calme et lumineux deux pièces, intégralement rénové en 2014, idéalement situé dans le vibrant quartier de South Pigalle, près de Montmartre et du centre. Jolie vue dégagée sur Paris (Invalides, Opéra...) L’appartement, orienté plein Sud, est très ensoleillé et offre une jolie vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris. Vous pourrez apercevoir les Invalides, l’Opéra et la tour Montparnasse. Très calme car situé sur cour. Intégralement rénové en 2014, l'appartement est composé d'une cuisine américaine totalement équipée, d'une douche à l’italienne, d'un dressing, d'une grande chambre avec lit double (160*200) sur cours, le tout avec le charme de l’ancien (moulures, parquet, cheminée). Le quartier, entre Saint Georges et Pigalle, est vraiment très agréable, très animé, tout proche de Montmartre, du moulin rouge, avec une multitude de restaurants, bars, petits magasins. Vous pourrez flâner dans la rue des martyrs le dimanche, aller à pied à l’opéra ou aux Galerie Lafayette en 15 minutes, vous bala
6664	"Charmant studio lumineux avec mezzanine refait à neuf sous les toits d'un immeuble Haussmannien avec ascenseur.  Il dispose d' une petite terrasse (1m²) vue sur cour ensoleillée le matin. À deux pas des supermarchés et du marché rue Lepic vous pourrez facilement cuisiner à votre ""sauce"" des petits plats à la maison. Proche du Moulin Rouge (3mn à pied), du Sacré Coeur (10mn à pied) d'opéra, des Galeries Lafayette et du Printemps (10mn en bus) ou des Champs Elysée (10mn en métro), ce logement est idéal pour découvrir et profiter de la vie parisienne."	"Joli petit studio tout confort au 6ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien.  Situé près du Moulin Rouge et du Sacré-Cœur, à 3mn des métros et des commerces, ce 23m² avec canapé lit est idéal pour faire un passage à Paris. Charmant studio lumineux avec mezzanine refait à neuf sous les toits d'un immeuble Haussmannien avec ascenseur.  Il dispose d' une petite terrasse (1m²) vue sur cour ensoleillée le matin. À deux pas des supermarchés et du marché rue Lepic vous pourrez facilement cuisiner à votre ""sauce"" des petits plats à la maison. Proche du Moulin Rouge (3mn à pied), du Sacré Coeur (10mn à pied) d'opéra, des Galeries Lafayette et du Printemps (10mn en bus) ou des Champs Elysée (10mn en métro), ce logement est idéal pour découvrir et profiter de la vie parisienne. Les visiteurs pourront utiliser le four combiné (grill, convection et micro-ondes), la machine à café, la cuisine et tous ses équipements ainsi que les aliments de base. Douche avec (website hidden) et wifi.  Il"
6665	Lovée dans une cour arborée au calme, cette charmante chambre d'hôtes ( agrée par la Mairie de Paris et l'office du Tourisme) offre un accueil et bien être. Une véritable chambre avec bureau et dressing, un lit pour 2 adultes avec matelas à mémoire de forme, le tout, dans un appartement à la décoration raffinés ! Le petit déjeuner à la Française est biologique, avec croissants, pains aux chocolats, pains cuit tous les matins, jus d'orange frais pressé à la minute... Idéalement située entre Montmartre et l'Opéra/Lafayette, proche Pigalle, Drouot, théâtres, musées, bd Haussmann, grands magasins... Vous serez accueilli chaleureusement. ParisChambres est parfaite pour un séjour touristique à Paris, un week-end en amoureux ou un déplacement professionnel (bureau, câbles Mac, Wifi, possibilité d'impression). Le petit déjeuner vous sera servi dans le salon où délicatesses et gourmandises seront au rendez-vous. Lit double, bureau, TV écran plat, armoire dressing, à disposition sèche-cheveux, p	Paris 9°. ParisChambres, 1 chambre agrée par la Mairie de Paris  et l'office du tourisme. 1 lit pour 2 adultes non fumeur.  Salle de bain (soap, shampoo, coton...)& WC privatif, free wifi. Breakfast Bio offert !  Accueil, calme (sur cour-jardin), bien être, entre Montmartre et l'Opéra au Coeur du Paris Touristique, Musées,Théâtres.  Pas de supplément, pas de caution, pas de ménage. Tout inclus pour 130€/ nuit.  Le Petit déjeuner et taxes offerts. Joie, humour et art de vivre  garantie !!!! Lovée dans une cour arborée au calme, cette charmante chambre d'hôtes ( agrée par la Mairie de Paris et l'office du Tourisme) offre un accueil et bien être. Une véritable chambre avec bureau et dressing, un lit pour 2 adultes avec matelas à mémoire de forme, le tout, dans un appartement à la décoration raffinés ! Le petit déjeuner à la Française est biologique, avec croissants, pains aux chocolats, pains cuit tous les matins, jus d'orange frais pressé à la minute... Idéalement située entre Montmartre
6666	"Lovely 45 m2 flat, 1 bedroom with view on a balcony of 7 m2, 1 kitchen, 1 living-room , 1 mezzanine. Very calm appartement with wooden floor and decorated with taste. The flat is located in a very lively area in the 9th district of Paris (Saint Georges' quarter), an artist area with a lot of theaters, bars, restaurants,...  I live in this flat the whole year, I love this place and I love the area. I hope my guests will feel so much at home that they would like to come back! 2 minutes walk distance you can find the ""maison de la vie romantique"" and the former house of Georges Sand. 2 minutes walk distance you will be arriving in the famous ""rue des martyrs"", well known street for gastronomy, fashion restaurants and french delicatessen shops.  Within 15 minutes by foot, you will be discovering the butte Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge or the Opera House and the Galeries Lafayette.  The Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Garden or the Orsay Museum are 15 minutes away by subway. I will be delighted "	"Lovely 45 m2 flat, 1 bedroom with view on a balcony of 7 m2, 1 kitchen, 1 living-room , 1 mezzanine. Very calm appartement with wooden floor and decorated with taste. The flat is located in a very lively area in the 9th district of Paris (Saint Georges' quarter), an artist area with a lot of theaters, bars, restaurants,...  I live in this flat the whole year, I love this place and I love the area. I hope my guests will feel so much at home that they would like to come back! 2 minutes walk distance you can find the ""maison de la vie romantique"" and the former house of Georges Sand. 2 minutes walk distance you will be arriving in the famous ""rue des martyrs"", well known street for gastronomy, fashion restaurants and french delicatessen shops.  Within 15 minutes by foot, you will be discovering the butte Montmartre, le Moulin Rouge or the Opera House and the Galeries Lafayette.  The Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Garden or the Orsay Museum are 15 minutes away by subway. I will be delighted "
6667	The light and the view from the room is delightful, even in winter.	My spacious and charming apartment with exposed beams has a true city feeling! Can't beat the premium location (metro Grands Boulevards, ligne 9). Enjoy the charming master room with a speechless view, the private bathroom and more... The light and the view from the room is delightful, even in winter. You will have access to all of the apartment except for my room and bathroom! It's enough big for you to feel at home. Feel free to relax in the living room! Watch tv, make some food, share a glass of wine with me! Be yourself... I work a lot and I'm barely at home. Nevertheless, I'm always reachable by phone and if I'm around, always up for something.  This neighbourhood is a great way to get around in Paris! It's perfectly located. Walk to Montorgueil's market or climb Rue des Martyrs for some groceries. I usually have a coffee at KB's and walk to Montmartre then! Opera's big malls (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette) is 10 mins walk and Republique's same as. It's countless... Rue Montmar
6668	Le studio est un vrai bains de soleil !	Rue Saint Georges. Charmant studio au dernier étage (avec ascenseur) baigné de soleil ! Aucun vis à vis depuis les fenêtres. Cette studette tout confort est au cœur du quartier très recherché du 9' arrondissent. Métro Saint Georges à 1 minute. La studette vous accueillera comme si vous étiez chez vous ! Le studio est un vrai bains de soleil ! Le studio est parfaitement équipé. Frigo, micro onde, plaque de cuisson, casseroles, couverts, assiettes, verres, tasses... Télé, machine à café Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain. Ferre à repasser, sèche cheveux. Machine à laver le linge. Draps et serviettes. Tous les cafés et restaurants du quartier sont typiques du paris bobo ! Les charmants petits commerces ont fait du 9' arrondissent un quartier très recherché et la rue saint Georges est la rue la plus élégante. Metro saint georges à 1 min à pied. Roissy bus et RER AUBER à 10 min à pied
6669	Charming two bed rooms apartment on the first floor of an Haussmanian building. One living room with high ceilings and fireplace, plus one bedroom.  Recently renovated and tastefully decorated.  The living room has an overview on a quiet courtyard and the bedroom gives on a garden.  The location is in the best street of the  9th district, five minutes by walk from three metro stations : Pigalle, Saint-Georges, Notre-Dame-Lorette, Line 2 and 12.  Located right between Montmartre and Opéra, this apartement is an excellent central base for exploring different parts of Paris. Lovely restaurants around, many theatres and wide choice of groceries, bakeries, cafés in the street.  Great amenities in the apartment : heating, large shower, independant toilets, very confortable queen size bed (1,40 m x 2,00 m), washing machine, Wifi, hairdryer and fully equiped kitchen.  Bedlinen and towels are provided.  In this district you will feel a true parisian Cleaning Fees will be asked upon arrival:  st	Charming two bed rooms apartment on the first floor of an Haussmanian building. One living room with high ceilings and fireplace, plus one bedroom.  Recently renovated and tastefully decorated.  The living room has an overview on a quiet courtyard and the bedroom gives on a garden.  The location is in the best street of the  9th district, five minutes by walk from three metro stations : Pigalle, Saint-Georges, Notre-Dame-Lorette, Line 2 and 12.  Located right between Montmartre and Opéra, this apartement is an excellent central base for exploring different parts of Paris. Lovely restaurants around, many theatres and wide choice of groceries, bakeries, cafés in the street.  Great amenities in the apartment : heating, large shower, independant toilets, very confortable queen size bed (1,40 m x 2,00 m), washing machine, Wifi, hairdryer and fully equiped kitchen.  Bedlinen and towels are provided.  In this district you will feel a true parisian Cleaning Fees will be asked upon arrival:  st
6670	The kitchen: dishwasher, oven, microwave, waterboiler, coffee machine, washing machine and dryer, toaster, 4 cooktops and everything necessary for you to cook your french meals! The living room: a big table will allow you to have great meals with the family and friends. You will enjoy reading in the two chairs or listen to music with the hifi-system. Wifi is also available. 1st sleeping room: cosy, without windows, it has a 140x200 bed, a fan and a big closet. 2nd leeping room: a view on the little outside court, a 140x200 bed and a big closet. Office/TV room: in the basement, you will be able to enjoy the TV on the couch, work on the desk or use it as a 3rd sleeping room. The bathroom: it has a shower and a washbasin with a mirror. The toilet is sparated. 	With family or friends, this apartment is perfectly ordered and situated. In the very heart of paris with its boutiques, cafés and restaurants, monuments and all this culture, you will feel parisian as soon as you will put a foot in it... The kitchen: dishwasher, oven, microwave, waterboiler, coffee machine, washing machine and dryer, toaster, 4 cooktops and everything necessary for you to cook your french meals! The living room: a big table will allow you to have great meals with the family and friends. You will enjoy reading in the two chairs or listen to music with the hifi-system. Wifi is also available. 1st sleeping room: cosy, without windows, it has a 140x200 bed, a fan and a big closet. 2nd leeping room: a view on the little outside court, a 140x200 bed and a big closet. Office/TV room: in the basement, you will be able to enjoy the TV on the couch, work on the desk or use it as a 3rd sleeping room. The bathroom: it has a shower and a washbasin with a mirror. The toilet is spar
6671		Bonjour, L'appartement est lumineux, atypique et idéalement placé: proche des métros pour les principaux monuments. Montmartre et gare du nord à 10 min. Vue sur le sacré coeur et les toits de Paris. Cuisine équipée et tous commerce. Wifi.
6672	Appartement bourgeois au 5ème étage d'un Immeuble parisien (avec ascenseur)	Chambre indépendante dans grand appartement  Paris 75009, proche Montmartre et rue des Martyrs : 10 m², au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, douche, réfrigérateur... Chambre très lumineuse située à l'autre bout de l'appartement avec entrée séparée. Appartement bourgeois au 5ème étage d'un Immeuble parisien (avec ascenseur) à 2 pas de gare du Nord et des métro. Au pied de Montmartre Nous parlons les langues étrangères et avons voyagé à l'étranger animation et rue marchande (rue des Martyrs) toutes les courses peuvent être faites 24h sur 24h métro, velib et bus...
6673		You room is large and bright, next to the living room where you can hang out in comfy sofas, watching over a little park. You can use the kitchen and its facilities: fridge, oven, hot plate, washing machine. The bathroom is large, with sink and bath. We're pleased to greet open-minded, cautious and nice people. One of the flatmates will be around to help you if you need. The apartment is right between the 9th and 10th districts. They are famous for their trendy bars and restaurants. You'll find everything you need in a 2 minute walk: supermarkets, bars, restaurants, Vélib stations, Metro stations, banks, post office. You're 5 minutes away from the Opera by subway or bike. You're 10 minutes away from Pigalle on foot. 15 minutes away from Montmartre on foot. There is several Subway stations around (lines 7, 12, 8, 9, 4), several Vélib station, several bus stops, and a car-park
6674	Located in the heart of Paris, in the very appreciated district of St Georges, this beautiful apartment just renovated by architect is the perfect place to leave the real parisian life. In between restaurants, fancy boutiques, typical little shops, theatres, concert halls, ..., you'll have a busy stay... This 2 rooms apartments is located in the heart of Paris, in between the Opera district with its famous boutiques, and the magical Montmartre district. Here is the adress for you to appreciate the great location : 32 rue St Lazare, 75009 Paris. This apartment has just been renovated by a famous architect, provides luxury comfort. You'll have all the facilities, internet, free international phone calls, TV, books, fitted kitchen... On the 2nd floor of a charming building, on a beautiful courtyard, you'll have a peaceful and quiet stay. Being in the center of the Capital you can reach all the most popular areas in a few minutes by walking : Montmartre, Opéra, Le Marais, Le Louvre, ... We	Located in the heart of Paris, in the very appreciated district of St Georges, this beautiful apartment just renovated by architect is the perfect place to leave the real parisian life. In between restaurants, fancy boutiques, typical little shops, theatres, concert halls, ..., you'll have a busy stay... This 2 rooms apartments is located in the heart of Paris, in between the Opera district with its famous boutiques, and the magical Montmartre district. Here is the adress for you to appreciate the great location : 32 rue St Lazare, 75009 Paris. This apartment has just been renovated by a famous architect, provides luxury comfort. You'll have all the facilities, internet, free international phone calls, TV, books, fitted kitchen... On the 2nd floor of a charming building, on a beautiful courtyard, you'll have a peaceful and quiet stay. Being in the center of the Capital you can reach all the most popular areas in a few minutes by walking : Montmartre, Opéra, Le Marais, Le Louvre, ... We
6675		The perfect place if you are looking for a restful flat in an animated neighbourhood and want to live like a Parisian. At walking distance from trendy bars, restaurants, food stores and from famous attractions like Galeries Lafayette, Opera and more.
6676	L'appartement est composé d'un séjour avec un côté salon avec un agréable canapé d'angle et un côté salle à manger, d'une grande chambre (lit queen size) et d'une autre chambre avec lit une place avec la possibilité de le transformer en vrai deux places (queen size). La cuisine est toute équipée (four, four micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire, réfrigérateur/congélateur). Il dispose du WIFI et les draps de lit et de bain sont fournis. L'appartement est situé à proximité du métro 7 station Cadet et entre le quartier Saint-Georges et Montmartre.	Appartement cosy de 3 pièces dont 2 chambres ayant une capacité d'accueil totale de 4 couchages.  A proximité direct du métro Cadet et de tous commerces et à quelques mètres du quartier Montmartre et des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). On s'y sent vite comme chez soi. L'appartement est composé d'un séjour avec un côté salon avec un agréable canapé d'angle et un côté salle à manger, d'une grande chambre (lit queen size) et d'une autre chambre avec lit une place avec la possibilité de le transformer en vrai deux places (queen size). La cuisine est toute équipée (four, four micro-ondes, plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire, réfrigérateur/congélateur). Il dispose du WIFI et les draps de lit et de bain sont fournis. L'appartement est situé à proximité du métro 7 station Cadet et entre le quartier Saint-Georges et Montmartre. Par téléphone Quartier très commerçant et convivial avec un accès direct aux commerces (boucherie, épiceries, restaurants/bars, Carrefour Market
6677	22.0 m². - 3rd floor Notre Dame de Lorette Station Non smoker Pets not accepted Telephone line Internet included Cable Washer TV DVD    This cozy apartment of 22 sqm is located Rue Saint-Lazare, in a lively area of the 9th district of Paris. This charming studio furnished apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. This bright and quiet apartment on the 3rd floor without lift, has the necessary equipment for a successful stay in Paris (Vacuum cleaner, Cable, Iron, Internet included, washing machine, WIFI). Perfectly serviced by Parisian public transport (Loreto / M Notre Dame 12) you will find near numerous shops and services (Bakery, Brasserie, Cyber Café, Grocery, Laundry, Pharmacy, Restaurant, Supermarket). The building offers the following services: Concierge.	22.0 m². - 3rd floor Notre Dame de Lorette Station Non smoker Pets not accepted Telephone line Internet included Cable Washer TV DVD    This cozy apartment of 22 sqm is located Rue Saint-Lazare, in a lively area of the 9th district of Paris. This charming studio furnished apartment can accommodate up to 2 people. This bright and quiet apartment on the 3rd floor without lift, has the necessary equipment for a successful stay in Paris (Vacuum cleaner, Cable, Iron, Internet included, washing machine, WIFI). Perfectly serviced by Parisian public transport (Loreto / M Notre Dame 12) you will find near numerous shops and services (Bakery, Brasserie, Cyber Café, Grocery, Laundry, Pharmacy, Restaurant, Supermarket). The building offers the following services: Concierge. Located 5 minutes from the department stores, Saint Lazare train station , this apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris METRO 50m NOTRE DAME DE LORETTE LINE 12 , 10 minutes walk from the Gare Saint Lazare
6678		Studio  au coeur d Paris . Quartier très animé et sympa : quartier des théâtres . Dans le triangle  Grands boulevards-Richelieu Drouot - Cadet Proche de 3 gares  Refait et  très propre coin cuisine avec plaque . petite salle bain avec douche-  wc .
6679	This flat has been completly decorated recently by an interior architect.  It is very bright and calm.	The flat is in the center of Paris. It is very light and carrefully decorated. It is perfect for those who want to visit Paris by foot or by subway in a typical and charming flat ! This flat has been completly decorated recently by an interior architect.  It is very bright and calm. At anytime you could reach me to ask questions in order to make your travel perfect ! This district has the most number of restaurants of the town.  There are every where. The flat is also closed to a lot of typical groceries and shops. The flat has all the facilities and is very near all the subway lines and buses lines : - lign 9 : Richelieu Drouot ou Grands Boulevards - lign 7 : Le Peletier ou Cadet - lign 12 : Notre Dame de Lorette. You can reach the Louvre by 5 minutes by bus. By foot, every monuments is also very near.
6680	The apartment has been renovated in the summer of 2014. It includes a living room (living room / kitchen), a room with small balcony and comfortable bed and a bathroom (shower / WC). I precise that the view of the roofs is paid by 6 flights of stairs with no lift.	Functional and comfortable 28m² apartment overlooking the Sacré Coeur and the rooftops of Paris. It is conveniently located 5 minutes walk from Montmartre and 10 minutes by metro from the center of Paris. There are many shops nearby.       The apartment has been renovated in the summer of 2014. It includes a living room (living room / kitchen), a room with small balcony and comfortable bed and a bathroom (shower / WC). I precise that the view of the roofs is paid by 6 flights of stairs with no lift. - Refrigerator - Freezer - Oven / Microwave - Cooking - Kettle - Nespresso Machine - Washing Machine - TV (over 150 channels) - DVD Player - Internet / Wifi During your stay, you can reach me by email , via Airbnb , on my cell phone ( call or text) and via Whatsapp. There are many shops nearby bakeries, greengrocers, creamers, pharmacies, restaurants, caterers, supermarkets ... The apartment is ideally located : 5 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur, just 8 minutes walk from Pi
6681	Really nice appartment. In South Pigalle. Quiet and confortable. 5' from le Moulin Rouge, 10' to Montmartre or le Louvre. One bedroom and one double sofa-bed ( brand new), one (website hidden) set, wifi, a desk to work. full equipped kitchen. There are plenty of restaurants,  cafés, bakeries, supermarket around my place, metro and velib station. It's a very trendy area. Hobo's district.	Really nice appartment. In South Pigalle. Quiet and confortable. 5' from le Moulin Rouge, 10' to Montmartre or le Louvre. One bedroom and one double sofa-bed ( brand new), one (website hidden) set, wifi, a desk to work. full equipped kitchen. There are plenty of restaurants,  cafés, bakeries, supermarket around my place, metro and velib station. It's a very trendy area. Hobo's district.
6682	Small, cosy and bright studio with separate kitchenette and bathroom. Suitable for two people (one double convertible sofa)	In a quiet street conveniently located between the picturesque rue des Martyrs and the hip district of the 10th, close to Montmartre, this studio is an ideal pied-à-terre to visit Paris. Small, cosy and bright studio with separate kitchenette and bathroom. Suitable for two people (one double convertible sofa) In the central and hip district of the 9th arrondissement. In between Opera and Montmartre, close to the picturesque rue des Martyrs.  Lively area with many restaurant and bar venues.  Conveniently located in between Gare du Nord and Gare Saint Lazare. Close to Pigalle (line 2 and 12), Saint Georges (line 12), Anvers (line 2) and Gare du Nord (line 4 and 5)
6683	En plein coeur de Pigalle, studio récemment aménagé avec mezzanine. A deux pas des endroits touristiques et lieux branchés de Paris.	* 20m2, ground floor, recently newly renovated  * 1 bed for two person  * 1 sofa for two person PLEASE reserve at least 48h before your arrival Metro Pigalle (Ligne 2 ou 12) ou Blanche (Ligne 2) 15 min from the train station
6684		Ancien atelier d'environ 100m2 avec terrasse de 13m2 exposée plein sud. 
6685	L'appartement entièrement équipé et dans une rue au calme. A deux pas d'Opera et des grands magasins sur le boulevard Haussman, vous pourrez profiter des bars et rastaurant de Pigalle.	Trés charmant appartement deux pièces pouvant acceuillir jusqu'à 3 personnes. La chambre spacieuse possède un grand lit 2 places et un grand canapé lit dans le salon. Tout près des grands magasins et du centre de Paris. L'appartement entièrement équipé et dans une rue au calme. A deux pas d'Opera et des grands magasins sur le boulevard Haussman, vous pourrez profiter des bars et rastaurant de Pigalle. If you wish, I can show you what you need We can also go to some club at night if you're up to Very close from all the bar and the club of Pigalle, Montmartre but also 5 minutes away by feet from the big stores in opera/haussman (galleries lafayette...) Le métro est a 150m ainsi que plusieurs ligne de bus et des bornes de taxi. Proche aussi de la gare saint Lazare Subway and taxis are 2 minutes away. Even the train station saint Lazare and gare du nord
6686	Appartement typiquement parisien, avec poutres et parquet. Il est très agréable et très calme. Parfait pour profiter pleinement d'un séjour parisien!	Beau 2 pièces de 50m2, au centre de Paris, dans un quartier animé et commerçant, à 2 minutes à pieds des métros Grands Boulevards (9) et Cadet (7).  Cuisine équipée, lave-linge, internet. Très lumineux et agréable à vivre, idéal pour couple. Appartement typiquement parisien, avec poutres et parquet. Il est très agréable et très calme. Parfait pour profiter pleinement d'un séjour parisien! Un quartier très dynamique et vivant, avec beaucoup de petits restaurants, cafés, et commerces. Ligne 8 et 9 Grands Boulevards et 7 Cadet.
6687	Beautiful typical Parisian apartment, tons of light and extremely spacious (over 1,000 sqft) with wood floors throughout, working chimney, mirrors, crown moldings and large soundproof windows in every room! Double living space (living room and dining room), kitchen, bathroom and separate restroom (WC) and two separate bedrooms with double beds. A 5th person can fit on the comfortable couch if needed. • Located in the 9th District (South Pigalle), close to metros Blanche, Pigalle & Place de Clichy (lines 2, 12 & 13). Easy access (10mn) to gares du Nord; de l'Est & Saint-Lazare. Walking distance to the Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier, as well as Montmarte! You can see the Moulin Rouge from the window! • The apartment is on the 4th floor (w/o elevator), fully furnished, with WiFi, washing machine, concierge.  • Address: rue Pierre Fontaine, 75009 • Non-smoking!	Live like a true Parisian in this beautiful Parisian apartment! There are two bedrooms and a sofa. Centrally located with tons of restaurants &bars in the South Pigalle trendy neighborhood, and close to public transport as well as popular Montmarte. Beautiful typical Parisian apartment, tons of light and extremely spacious (over 1,000 sqft) with wood floors throughout, working chimney, mirrors, crown moldings and large soundproof windows in every room! Double living space (living room and dining room), kitchen, bathroom and separate restroom (WC) and two separate bedrooms with double beds. A 5th person can fit on the comfortable couch if needed. • Located in the 9th District (South Pigalle), close to metros Blanche, Pigalle & Place de Clichy (lines 2, 12 & 13). Easy access (10mn) to gares du Nord; de l'Est & Saint-Lazare. Walking distance to the Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier, as well as Montmarte! You can see the Moulin Rouge from the window! • The apartment is on the 4th fl
6688	"Nice flat, in a wonderful building, new whith a kitchen whith induction, microwave, nespresso café, waching machine, bathroom whith shower, very nice place near Opéra, Montmartre, big boulevards, galleries Lafayette and ""printemps gallery "". Direct access by tube to""Eiffel tower""and ""Champs élysées"", very quiet during the night and very authentic, whith a lot of restaurants, bars and theaters all around the place, this flaty in in the same street of ""les folies bergères""; You will really enjoy to be in the heart of Paris, living like parisians in a really cosy and totally renewed flat; Very easy to come from ""gare du nord""railway station, by foot and direct issue from CDG AIRPORT. If you want i can help you to find a good place to eat, visit or just have a drink and if you have any question, don't hesitate! Best regards, Vincent"	"Nice flat, in a wonderful building, new whith a kitchen whith induction, microwave, nespresso café, waching machine, bathroom whith shower, very nice place near Opéra, Montmartre, big boulevards, galleries Lafayette and ""printemps gallery "". Direct access by tube to""Eiffel tower""and ""Champs élysées"", very quiet during the night and very authentic, whith a lot of restaurants, bars and theaters all around the place, this flaty in in the same street of ""les folies bergères""; You will really enjoy to be in the heart of Paris, living like parisians in a really cosy and totally renewed flat; Very easy to come from ""gare du nord""railway station, by foot and direct issue from CDG AIRPORT. If you want i can help you to find a good place to eat, visit or just have a drink and if you have any question, don't hesitate! Best regards, Vincent"
6689		Nice and cosy 18sqm studio for up to 2 guests, in a private residence rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with great subway access to the whole city! The apartment is entirely refurbished and fully equipped.
6690		Appartement lumineux et plein de charme, équipé proche de tous commerces et des sites touristiques.
6691	Vue sur les toits de Paris, au soleil du matin, très calme,ancienne chambre de bonne réaménagée avec coin cuisine/frigo/réchaud. canapé lit 2 personnes, bureau, douche, internet, chauffage, climatisation. 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur.WC communs très propres sur le palier 	Ancienne chambre de bonne (13m2) réaménagée  dans immeuble bourgeois très calme. Vue sur les toits de Paris . Cuisine/frigo, une douche, canapé lit, bureau, vaisselle, internet/tel/tv au 6ème ss asc. Wc sur palier. Très propre.  Métro St Georges Vue sur les toits de Paris, au soleil du matin, très calme,ancienne chambre de bonne réaménagée avec coin cuisine/frigo/réchaud. canapé lit 2 personnes, bureau, douche, internet, chauffage, climatisation. 6ème et dernier étage sans ascenseur.WC communs très propres sur le palier  escalier principal sur rue sixième et dernier étage Location de 7 jours minimum J'habite à proximité immédiate de l'appartement. Je peux vous accueillir si vous le souhaitez. situé Place St Georges au pied du Moulin Rouge, prés Musée de la vie Romantique, Grands Boulevards, Grands Magasins, Opéra Garnier  métro ligne 2 métro place St Georges ou Notre Dame de Lorette gare St Lazare
6692	Hello  Welcome to Montmartre ! We offer a large bedroom with 2 beds, near Metro Anvers (line 2) / Avenue Trudaine, 5mn walk from the Butte Montmartre. The area is beautiful, charming, and calm, with a lot of cafés, boulangeries and terraces. The room is 30m2 (330 ft2) with a large chimney, with 2 beds. The building is a beautiful French Classical Haussman Style. The appartment is 80m2 (880 ft2), with beautiful parquet (wooden floor). There is a living Room, 3 Bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom (with a tub), and  a WC. We have WiFi + a washing machine at your disposal. Period : from August 14 to August 24 95 euros per night (WiFi + Water + Electricity + Housecleaner included)  See you soon ! Best regards Ombeline  	Hello  Welcome to Montmartre ! We offer a large bedroom with 2 beds, near Metro Anvers (line 2) / Avenue Trudaine, 5mn walk from the Butte Montmartre. The area is beautiful, charming, and calm, with a lot of cafés, boulangeries and terraces. The room is 30m2 (330 ft2) with a large chimney, with 2 beds. The building is a beautiful French Classical Haussman Style. The appartment is 80m2 (880 ft2), with beautiful parquet (wooden floor). There is a living Room, 3 Bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom (with a tub), and  a WC. We have WiFi + a washing machine at your disposal. Period : from August 14 to August 24 95 euros per night (WiFi + Water + Electricity + Housecleaner included)  See you soon ! Best regards Ombeline  
6693	Bel appartement de 40m2	Chambre à louer dans un appartement haussmannien situé dans un quartier très cool à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre, et à 10 minutes d'Opéra/Lafayette. Métro CADET ligne 7 à une minute à pied. Ma colocataire Anaïs sera ravie de vous accueillir ! Bel appartement de 40m2 Le salon, la salle de bain et la cuisine sont à votre disposition !
6694		"The flat is at the top flat and you can get access to the roof and have an amanzing view of Paris. It's a great location, in 9th ; with restaurants, bars and theatres all around.   You will live with my nice flat mates, with your own spacious room. You will get access to all the apartment except my flatmates' bedrooms. My flatmates will be happy to help you in important matters. Very distractful and parisian neighborhood Very close to Grands Boulevards with Printemps and Galeries Lafayettes Very close to 3 metro lines and a lot of buses lines.  Very easy to use the free bicycle ""Velib"" in Paris."
6695	This  bedroom of 20 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall Folies Bergère, between the Opera, Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Palace Royal and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned rooms. The decoration of the room is contemporary Jazz, it combines with taste the wood and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The room has a shower room and private toilet. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, bread, pastries ... The House is also equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, utensils necessary for a meal. It also offers all the latest technologies (flat screen TV, free WIFI), it also has a Nespresso coffee machine and kettle with a selection of teas and Nespresso capsules. Side bathroom, a walk-in shower, a hairdryer, and toiletries (shampoo, shower gel and	The Apartment is in a quiet street in the heart of Paris between the Opera, the department stores, Montmartre and the Louvre. It is decorated in a contemporary style that combines with taste wood and metal. It is located 3 minutes from metro This  bedroom of 20 sqm is located in a quiet street in the center of Paris, opposite the famous music hall Folies Bergère, between the Opera, Department Stores, Montmartre and the Covered Passages leading to the Palace Royal and the Louvre. It is located in a charming triplex Parisian nineteenth century building offering 3 air conditioned rooms. The decoration of the room is contemporary Jazz, it combines with taste the wood and metal. It is ideal for travelers seeking privacy, tranquility, comfort The room has a shower room and private toilet. Breakfast is included: Nespresso capsules, tea, chocolate, jam, orange juice Bio, bread, pastries ... The House is also equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, utensils necessary for a meal. It also offers
6696	Artistic flat in the hart of Paris. It's a very unique style. It's also near a lot of metro and buses's lines.	Very unique flat. It was orignaly several mades room (7) that we broke to built this flat.  It's an authentique parisien style.
6697	Room in a 3 rooms apartment - metro St Georges 75009, between Opéra and Montmartre.  Charming room located just a few steps away from Montmartre, Moulin Rouge and Galeries Lafayette.  The flat is located on the second floor with elevetor (very easy with your luggage). Very close (3 minutes walk) to metro station St Georges (Line 12) and 5 Minutes to Metro Pigalle (line 2). Nice area where you can find typical restaurants and boutiques. Central location from which you can go visit many touristic locations by foot or by bike (Velb Station below the appartment). The flat is fully equipped : TV, Internet (wifi), DVD player, hair dryer, washing machine, towels, bed sheets, toaster, oven, microwave, fridge etc. Sleeping :  - 1 queen size bed (2 persons)  Minimum reservations : 1 night  Security Deposit (refundable) : a security deposit of 100 € is required Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any question!	Room in a 3 rooms apartment - metro St Georges 75009, between Opéra and Montmartre.  Charming room located just a few steps away from Montmartre, Moulin Rouge and Galeries Lafayette.  The flat is located on the second floor with elevetor (very easy with your luggage). Very close (3 minutes walk) to metro station St Georges (Line 12) and 5 Minutes to Metro Pigalle (line 2). Nice area where you can find typical restaurants and boutiques. Central location from which you can go visit many touristic locations by foot or by bike (Velb Station below the appartment). The flat is fully equipped : TV, Internet (wifi), DVD player, hair dryer, washing machine, towels, bed sheets, toaster, oven, microwave, fridge etc. Sleeping :  - 1 queen size bed (2 persons)  Minimum reservations : 1 night  Security Deposit (refundable) : a security deposit of 100 € is required Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any question!
6698	Appartement de 70m2, tout équipé et tout confort, au pied des Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps Haussman et à 5 minutes de l'opéra Garnier (Shopping garantie !) Charme de l'endroit et animation du quartier ...	Ancien hotel particulier converti en appartements.  L’appartement de 70m2 composé d’un grand living room;cuisine totalement équipée (four, lave linge, frigo, congelateur), une chambre et sa salle de bain. Proximité Opéra Garnier et Grands magasins Appartement de 70m2, tout équipé et tout confort, au pied des Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps Haussman et à 5 minutes de l'opéra Garnier (Shopping garantie !) Charme de l'endroit et animation du quartier ... Quartier des grands magasins et du magnifique Opéra Garnier !
6699	Superb apartment of 64m2 with a double bedroom, a huge living room with a 2-person sofa bed, a modern kitchen, a bathroom and a dressing.  The must here is the view. Take you breakfast, have a dinner or just take a break in the sofa in front of Montmartre, the most famous mountain of Paris with the Sacré-Coeur at the top. This extraordinary view that no hotel could offer you is just exceptional and will make your stay in this flat unforgettable. The apartment is very spacious, newly furnished and freshly painted. It is at 4th floor (with elevator) of an authentic 19th century Haussman period building.  The neighborhood is just perfect for any people wanting to grasp a bit of the Parisian life: many restaurants, typical french shops, excellent bakeries... Every thing is just around the corner. There are two metro stations at less than 3 minutes of walk and they take you anywhere in Paris very rapidly.  	Superb apartment of 64m2 with a double bedroom, a huge living room with a 2-person sofa bed, a modern kitchen, a bathroom and a dressing.  The must here is the view. Take you breakfast, have a dinner or just take a break in the sofa in front of Montmartre, the most famous mountain of Paris with the Sacré-Coeur at the top. This extraordinary view that no hotel could offer you is just exceptional and will make your stay in this flat unforgettable. The apartment is very spacious, newly furnished and freshly painted. It is at 4th floor (with elevator) of an authentic 19th century Haussman period building.  The neighborhood is just perfect for any people wanting to grasp a bit of the Parisian life: many restaurants, typical french shops, excellent bakeries... Every thing is just around the corner. There are two metro stations at less than 3 minutes of walk and they take you anywhere in Paris very rapidly.  
6700	Very nice volume and relaxing atmosphere for this 75m² apartment, full of sun and located at the 4th floor without lift. When entering the apartment, you will enjoy the dining room and the fully equiped kitchen. You will be able to prepare and taste your favorite dishes. You will then enter the spacious living room with its meridienne (1 sleep X 90). Ideal place where flat TV, stereo system and wifi connection will allow a nice relaxing moments after your daily visits. The bedroom is overlooking a calm outside open space. It has a 160 king size bed and all the necessary storage space for your personal belongings. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub. Toilets are separated. 	My apartment is located in the heart of the rue des martyrs appreciated by locals for its famous food shops. From here you will be able to discover the trendy South Pigalle district and walk to the wonderful Butte Montmartre in just 15mn. Very nice volume and relaxing atmosphere for this 75m² apartment, full of sun and located at the 4th floor without lift. When entering the apartment, you will enjoy the dining room and the fully equiped kitchen. You will be able to prepare and taste your favorite dishes. You will then enter the spacious living room with its meridienne (1 sleep X 90). Ideal place where flat TV, stereo system and wifi connection will allow a nice relaxing moments after your daily visits. The bedroom is overlooking a calm outside open space. It has a 160 king size bed and all the necessary storage space for your personal belongings. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub. Toilets are separated. The entire apartment is at the disposal of guests. I am present most of the 
6701	The apartment is located on the 3rd floor and offers an ideal location to rest after spending the day visiting the capital. - A fully fitted and equipped kitchen: hotplates, oven, refrigerator as well as all that you need for cooking and eating: dishes, saucepans, cups, glasses - A double bed - Bathroom with shower, towel dryers and wc.	Apartment of 33m² in a beautiful Parisian building with digital entry code. Clear and calm. At the center of the lively corner of 9th arrondissement : close to all amenities, restaurants, theatres, Opéra and Marais. Ideal location. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor and offers an ideal location to rest after spending the day visiting the capital. - A fully fitted and equipped kitchen: hotplates, oven, refrigerator as well as all that you need for cooking and eating: dishes, saucepans, cups, glasses - A double bed - Bathroom with shower, towel dryers and wc. The apartment is located in the Opéra/ Grands Boulevards district, in an animated town of 9th arrondissement of Paris. Many bars and cafes and restaurants nearby the apartment. Grand Rex, many theatres, Folies Bergères, pedestrian streets, etc. Ideal for curious gastronomes and tourists who wish to discover a very living district of the capital. The apartment is well desserved by public transports and constitute an ideal base
6702	30sqm apartment , great location , near several subway lines and bus in the center of the right bank. Living room with kitchen : sofa bed + 1 room with real bed (140). Overlooking quiet courtyard . Apartment ideal for one or two people, but the sofa bed can accommodate 2 more people. It will cost a small fee. The apartment consists of a living room with window, an open bar with high chairs and kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. The living room : -Canapé - Tv, international channels , Internet / Wifi -Table Room 4 places The room has a real bed 140X190cm . The kitchen includes an oven / microwave, Nespresso coffee machine , kettle and toaster ceramic hob. You will find when you arrive, all you need for breakfast (tea, coffee ...) Linen is provided (sheets , blankets, towels / bath) You will find in the bathroom of the home products (soap , shampoo, body lotion ) and a hairdryer. You are all familiar with the Sacred Heart and of Montmartre , 15 minutes walk from the department stores and the	Charming 2 rooms very quiet and bright, well furnished, located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building in center Paris. central, very well connected , close to all amenities and touristic places. Closest subway : Cadet. 30sqm apartment , great location , near several subway lines and bus in the center of the right bank. Living room with kitchen : sofa bed + 1 room with real bed (140). Overlooking quiet courtyard . Apartment ideal for one or two people, but the sofa bed can accommodate 2 more people. It will cost a small fee. The apartment consists of a living room with window, an open bar with high chairs and kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. The living room : -Canapé - Tv, international channels , Internet / Wifi -Table Room 4 places The room has a real bed 140X190cm . The kitchen includes an oven / microwave, Nespresso coffee machine , kettle and toaster ceramic hob. You will find when you arrive, all you need for breakfast (tea, coffee ...) Linen is provided (sheets , blankets, towels
6703	"Rental Furnished Apt 95  m2 for Vacation or Business. Close Opéra, Montmartre, 5 th  Floor, Elevator. 3 Bedrooms, comfortable, quiet, bright. Large Living-room, Open Kitchen fully equipped, TV, DVD, Internet.  Location: This apartment is located in the core of the old Parisian Romantic district called ""Nouvelle Athènes"", on a quiet square, but in a nice area for the gourmets, surrounded by fashion shops, art galleries and trendy restaurants ; near the Grands Boulevards and close to the Montmartre Hill. It has been Paris' theater district since Louis XIV and daily lliving and working places for XIXe century writers, musicians and artists such Frederic Chopin, Georges Sand, Eugène Delacroix, Guy de Maupassant, … For those who like to shop, the famous department store, the Galeries Lafayette is in walking distance. * The bright and cosy main room has apparent beams and is furnished with leather sofa, armchairs and large TV  flat screen with free DTV channels combined with Bluray and DVD p"	"Paris 9e : Montmartre/Opéra  4 rooms/95 m2 upon square with trees : shops restaurants Beams wooden floor confortable quiet, large & light space  5th floor/Lift/Air conditioning  Scenic view on Paris antique roofs/ Metro Bus & Municipal Bicycles Rental Furnished Apt 95  m2 for Vacation or Business. Close Opéra, Montmartre, 5 th  Floor, Elevator. 3 Bedrooms, comfortable, quiet, bright. Large Living-room, Open Kitchen fully equipped, TV, DVD, Internet.  Location: This apartment is located in the core of the old Parisian Romantic district called ""Nouvelle Athènes"", on a quiet square, but in a nice area for the gourmets, surrounded by fashion shops, art galleries and trendy restaurants ; near the Grands Boulevards and close to the Montmartre Hill. It has been Paris' theater district since Louis XIV and daily lliving and working places for XIXe century writers, musicians and artists such Frederic Chopin, Georges Sand, Eugène Delacroix, Guy de Maupassant, … For those who like to shop, the fam"
6704	Although it is close to touristic places, the apartment is very quiet, the street is a calm one. 4 bedrooms and fully equipment flat.	Located in South Pigalle, at walking distance from many touristic sites, the apartment is in a beautiful quiet street. 115 sqm, 4 bedrooms, including one for under 7 Although it is close to touristic places, the apartment is very quiet, the street is a calm one. 4 bedrooms and fully equipment flat. You will have access to all commodities in the house, including its equipments : wifi, TV, DVD, laundry,.. We will not be able to welcome you, but we'll do our best to answer your questions and make you stay pleasant.  We'll leave you all information about what to do and where to go out during your stay. The area is at walking distance of many places of interest : Montmartre, Opera, gare Saint Lazare, Galeries Lafayette It is also one of the best places to have a drink or dinner. 2 buses are very close and take you to Opéra, the Louvre, Saint Germain, Chatelet,... 3 metro lines are also at a few minutes.
6705	Cozy & trendy decor. Kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom. 3rd floor. Sunny all day.	Charming and bright apartment in the heart of the 9th district. Ideal for visiting Paris, near the Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Opéra. free WIFI Cozy & trendy decor. Kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom. 3rd floor. Sunny all day. Free wifi, washing machine, oven, blender, coffee maker. Parisian addresses. Number emergency The most fashionable district of Paris, very nice, charming, hospitable people. Many shops, bars, cafes, restaurants & shops. Notre Dame de Lorette (ligne 12) Cadet (ligne7) Anvers (ligne 2) Lot of bus station.
6706	At the fifth floor, this recently renovated apartment is a quiet and bright 55 m2 place, perfect for a couple with or without children. There are 1 bedroom, 1 double-living w/ two sofa beds (x2 people per bed) and american kitchen and 1 bathroom. The bedroom has TV with international channels and free unlimited speed wifi connection. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, microwave, oven, fridge, etc).	Located in one of Paris' most thrilling neighbourhoods,this recently renovated 55 m2 offers a stunning view on le Sacre-Coeur. At the fifth floor, this recently renovated apartment is a quiet and bright 55 m2 place, perfect for a couple with or without children. There are 1 bedroom, 1 double-living w/ two sofa beds (x2 people per bed) and american kitchen and 1 bathroom. The bedroom has TV with international channels and free unlimited speed wifi connection. The kitchen is fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine and dryer, microwave, oven, fridge, etc). Pillows, towels and linen are facilities free of charge. There is coffee machine as well as a juicer available. The apartment has all you need for a comfortable, self catering stay. If you have any specific request, don't hesitate to ask. Metro station: Anvers (line 2) or Pigalle (line 12). You are at walking distance from Gare du Nord, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre.
6707	I offer you my apartment in the heart of Paris to promixite (boulevards, the big rex, of opera, department stores, the museum grevin) shopping street montmartre and younger with a wide range of restaurant and bar coffee. Apartment in a beautiful building on the courtyard of 19 m2 ideally distributed and rebuilt nine. Stay bright and spacious overlooking 2 courtyard with three large windows double glazing. This studio very quiet with cupboards and ensuite bathroom. A separate kitchen fitted and equipped rooms. Kitchen with oven, Microwave, Freezer + Réfigérateur, Food processor, Blender, etc ... Washing machine, iron, ironing board available. With this formula, I keep the enjoyment of the sofa (seullement for the night), my time spent outside and the layout of the apartment will make you feel at home. Metro: Grand Boulevard younger Bus stop 67,85,76 Provence montmartre suburb.	I offer you my apartment in the heart of Paris to promixite (boulevards, the big rex, of opera, department stores, the museum grevin) shopping street montmartre and younger with a wide range of restaurant and bar coffee. Apartment in a beautiful building on the courtyard of 19 m2 ideally distributed and rebuilt nine. Stay bright and spacious overlooking 2 courtyard with three large windows double glazing. This studio very quiet with cupboards and ensuite bathroom. A separate kitchen fitted and equipped rooms. Kitchen with oven, Microwave, Freezer + Réfigérateur, Food processor, Blender, etc ... Washing machine, iron, ironing board available. With this formula, I keep the enjoyment of the sofa (seullement for the night), my time spent outside and the layout of the apartment will make you feel at home. Metro: Grand Boulevard younger Bus stop 67,85,76 Provence montmartre suburb.
6708		The flat is located right in the heart of Paris. The area is full of restaurants and theaters.  It is 5 min from Montmartre or Galeries Lafayettes. 3 metro stations nearby. The flat is a typical parisian apartment, confortable and fully equipped.
6709	The studio is very comfortable, with a comfortable double bed, a fully-equiped kitchen, a bathtub and a sunny balcony to have breakfast in the morning or drinks in the evening.	Nice studio in South Pigalle (SoPi). Ideal for a couple staying in Paris. Enjoy the morning sun having breakfast on the balcony. 100m to the metro station (Lines 2 and 12), 5 minutes to Montmartre, lots of shops, bars, restaurants in the area The studio is very comfortable, with a comfortable double bed, a fully-equiped kitchen, a bathtub and a sunny balcony to have breakfast in the morning or drinks in the evening. There is an elevator to access the appartement. If you need help to move around in Paris, do not hesitate to ask for recommendations! South Pigalle is one of the very best spots to visit Paris. Walk to the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, and enjoy the restaurants and bars of a lively neighborhood. The metro station Pigalle (lines 2 and 12) is a 100 meters from the appartment. You will be able to move around everywhere in Paris easily.
6710	Situation idéal a 100m des galerie lafayette et a moins de 5 mn a pieds de l'opéra quartier sympa et appartement tres calme	"Superbe appartement neuf avec équipement haut de gamme et climatisé 2 pièces métro ""chaussée d'antin - La Fayette "" ligne 7 et 9 au pieds de l'immeuble. grand magasin opéra accessible à pieds en 5 mn. Situation idéal a 100m des galerie lafayette et a moins de 5 mn a pieds de l'opéra quartier sympa et appartement tres calme LIGNE METRO 7 ET 9 AU PIED DE L'APPARTEMENT  quartier très vivant et super agréable très bien situer en plein centre de paris métro ligne 7 et 9 a 1 mn a pied et  bus aéroport opéra à 5 mn a pieds "
6711	5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, 1 Living and Dining Area, Sleeps : 10	The flat (5bds/3bths) is close to multiple metro stops and very central. 10mn walk to Sacré-Coeur and the Montmatre district, nearby Gare du Nord (RER train to CDG airport). You'll be at a walking distance of many top spots (Opéra, Louvre, ...). 5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, 1 Living and Dining Area, Sleeps : 10 Our apartment is located in the chic and hip lower Montmartre neighbourhood. Situated just off the famous shopping and dining street, Rue des Martyrs, you will find something to tickle every taste bud. From trendy cafés and coffee shops to atmospheric restaurants, you will not be short for ideas of places to eat and drink when you stay here. The neighbourhood is also home to many antique shops, vintage clothing stores, epicieries, booksellers, fishmongers, fruit stands and more. This area is a paradise for shoppers and gourmands alike.  By Metro, bus or Vélib’, you can easily access  all top spots of Paris such as the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre Museum, Notre Dame and more! Nearest mét
6712		Appartement central, proche de l'Opéra Garnier, des Grands Magasins et de Pigalle. Profitez également de la proximité de la rue des Martyrs Appartement typiquement parisien avec parquet et moulures comptant 2 belles chambres Calme et lumineux
6713	L'appartement est idéalement situé au Nord Est de Paris.  Desservi par l'Eurostar, le Thalys et plusieurs métros et RER, vous aurez la chance de pouvoir vous déplacer très facilement dans Paris. À pied, vous pourrez vous rendre dans le quartier Montmartre en 10 minutes environ et au Sacré Coeur en continuant 10 minutes supplémentaires ! À deux pas du métro Barbès, vous retrouverez la ligne 2 et 4 qui desservent Paris du Nord au Sud et de l'Ouest vers l'Est.  A quatre pas de la Gare du Nord, vous retrouverez les lignes 4 et 5 ainsi que les RER B (Aéroport Charles de Gaulle) et D + Eurostar et Thalys. L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement est idéal pour un couple. Il est équipé et dispose de nombreuses commodités.  Cafetière Cappuccino Nespresso Machine à laver Bouilloire Micro-ondes Baignoire Ascenseur Chaine HI-FI Platine vinyle Draps et serviettes de bain sont fournis.	The apartment is close to Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys). You can access to Montmartre in 10 min of walk. Functional, well equipped and cosy : put your suitcase and enjoy Paris !  Metro Ligne 2, 4, 5  RER B (Airport Charles de Gaulle) & RER D L'appartement est idéalement situé au Nord Est de Paris.  Desservi par l'Eurostar, le Thalys et plusieurs métros et RER, vous aurez la chance de pouvoir vous déplacer très facilement dans Paris. À pied, vous pourrez vous rendre dans le quartier Montmartre en 10 minutes environ et au Sacré Coeur en continuant 10 minutes supplémentaires ! À deux pas du métro Barbès, vous retrouverez la ligne 2 et 4 qui desservent Paris du Nord au Sud et de l'Ouest vers l'Est.  A quatre pas de la Gare du Nord, vous retrouverez les lignes 4 et 5 ainsi que les RER B (Aéroport Charles de Gaulle) et D + Eurostar et Thalys. L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  L'appartement est idéal pour un couple. Il est équipé et dispose de nombreuses commodités.  Ca
6714	"One room appartment (36 squaremeters) dated 70s with separated kitchen and bathroom. VERY QUIET & VERY BRIGHT  Nice decoration, well equipped.  I've been living here for 3 years and it's just great to live in the center of Paris, without hearing the noise ! You can see the sky, the sun comes in the morning durind spring and summer. My neigbours are very nice and quiet. 4th floor with an elevator ! Wifi / nice Hi fi/ many french books (art, literature,etc... / good music... Bathroom: you can take baths after a long day of walking (the bathub looks old, some stubborn stains it is very clean !)  Kitchen : everything you need! washer machine, nice tea from Mariage Frères, small owen, microwave, big fridge... The bedroom is seperated from the living room thanks to a nice shelf. The two person bed is very confortable (hard mattress!) Sun blind and flap. I provide Sheets and towels. The flat is ideally located, ""rue de Rochechouart"" : 9ème arrondissement- very safe and quiet.  The SACRÉ COEUR"	"One room appartment (36 squaremeters) dated 70s with separated kitchen and bathroom. VERY QUIET & VERY BRIGHT  Nice decoration, well equipped.  I've been living here for 3 years and it's just great to live in the center of Paris, without hearing the noise ! You can see the sky, the sun comes in the morning durind spring and summer. My neigbours are very nice and quiet. 4th floor with an elevator ! Wifi / nice Hi fi/ many french books (art, literature,etc... / good music... Bathroom: you can take baths after a long day of walking (the bathub looks old, some stubborn stains it is very clean !)  Kitchen : everything you need! washer machine, nice tea from Mariage Frères, small owen, microwave, big fridge... The bedroom is seperated from the living room thanks to a nice shelf. The two person bed is very confortable (hard mattress!) Sun blind and flap. I provide Sheets and towels. The flat is ideally located, ""rue de Rochechouart"" : 9ème arrondissement- very safe and quiet.  The SACRÉ COEUR"
6715	calme, lumineux	charmant studio situé au pied de la butte Montmartre, Métro Pigalle, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, au calme dans un quartier animé, idéalement situé pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris calme, lumineux toutes commodités : métro (lignes 2 et 12) - bus 30 , 67, 54
6716	1 double bed Charming (balcony, south, appearing wood, wooden floor, designed with oak) Quiet Please note there it is 7th floor without a lift 48 rue Condorcet	Well located in Paris : near Pigalle, Anvers, Montmartre, Sacré Coeur. Sunny, with balcony, south orientated. 9e arrondissement.  1 double bed Charming (balcony, south, appearing wood, wooden floor, designed with oak) Quiet Please note there it is 7th floor without a lift 48 rue Condorcet Wifi Bathroom with toilet and bathtub Kitchen with oven, washing machine and dishwasher via airbnb or whats app or email or text messages. I usually send a message just before you arrive with the access details. 
6717	I have been living in this place for four years now and I still enjoy it as much as when I moved in. The flat as some cachet with its exposed beams that are really typically parisians.  I regard my flat as a better place than most hotels room and cheaper. It is luminous and you'll have access to everything needed for a pleasant stay in Paris. 	Nice and luminous flat in South-Pigalle. You will enjoy this little flat for it is luminous, close to everything in Paris and it has the cachet of typical parisian flats with its exposed beams. I'm sure you'll like it and comments will confirm.    I have been living in this place for four years now and I still enjoy it as much as when I moved in. The flat as some cachet with its exposed beams that are really typically parisians.  I regard my flat as a better place than most hotels room and cheaper. It is luminous and you'll have access to everything needed for a pleasant stay in Paris.  Visitors will have access to a two places bed, a kitchen to fix you with a quick meal, a microwave, a bathroom with all the needed equipment, and there is a launderette down the building. There is a fast Wi-Fi availiable. Bas news, my hifi system died lately.  Unfortunatly I will not be in Paris while I'm renting my flat, but every thing will be taken care of. You'll have access to my personnal cell pho
6718	Petite chambre de 10m carré  avec un lit en mezzanine pour 1 personne dans un grand appartement ancien de 90 M carré. Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement, quartier central de Paris, entre l'Opéra, Montmartre et République. Fenêtre avec vue dégagée  sur cour et les toits parisiens. Salle de douche individuelle.  WC commun pour tout l'appartement.  Accès à internet.  4ème étage avec ascenseur.  Chambre calme et ensoleillée. Style très simple : peinture blanche,meuble en bois et parquet ancien. Penderie, bureau.  Accueil dans une ambiance familiale ( 2 enfants : 19 et 11 ans). Petit déjeuner servi dans la salle à manger . Possibilité d'accéder à la cuisine.  Immeuble dans une petite rue avec de nombreux magasins, restaurants, bars et café parisiens.  Plusieurs lignes de Métro et de bus à proximité. Métro le plus proche : Cadet ( 3minutes). Accès simple et rapide pour les musées et lieux touristiques. Idéal pour visiter Paris.  	Petite chambre de 10m carré  avec un lit en mezzanine pour 1 personne dans un grand appartement ancien de 90 M carré. Situé dans le 9ème arrondissement, quartier central de Paris, entre l'Opéra, Montmartre et République. Fenêtre avec vue dégagée  sur cour et les toits parisiens. Salle de douche individuelle.  WC commun pour tout l'appartement.  Accès à internet.  4ème étage avec ascenseur.  Chambre calme et ensoleillée. Style très simple : peinture blanche,meuble en bois et parquet ancien. Penderie, bureau.  Accueil dans une ambiance familiale ( 2 enfants : 19 et 11 ans). Petit déjeuner servi dans la salle à manger . Possibilité d'accéder à la cuisine.  Immeuble dans une petite rue avec de nombreux magasins, restaurants, bars et café parisiens.  Plusieurs lignes de Métro et de bus à proximité. Métro le plus proche : Cadet ( 3minutes). Accès simple et rapide pour les musées et lieux touristiques. Idéal pour visiter Paris.  
6719	This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. The living-room, the dining-room and the master bedroom windows open on a small balcony overlooking the street. The two other bedrooms overlook a lovely courtyard. All the windows are double-glazed. The master bedroom and the living-room both have a small balcony (two people can stand on it). This sumptuous 120 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated by an interior architect in Dec 2012. It features three separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. It is organized as such : the entrance hall first leads to the very spacious living-room, wonderful with its refined moldings and its high ceiling. It features a large angle couch, a coffee table and two comfortable design pouffes around an elegant decorative marble chimney. An audio system for iPod / iPhone is at your disposal and a DVD player. The living-room communicates with the living-r	       Astonishing 3-bedroom 120 sqm apartment to rent in the lovely 9th district of Paris. Suitable for six people, this apartment is comfortable, spacious, sumptuous, renovated by an interior architect, we love it ! This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. The living-room, the dining-room and the master bedroom windows open on a small balcony overlooking the street. The two other bedrooms overlook a lovely courtyard. All the windows are double-glazed. The master bedroom and the living-room both have a small balcony (two people can stand on it). This sumptuous 120 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated by an interior architect in Dec 2012. It features three separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. It is organized as such : the entrance hall first leads to the very spacious living-room, wonderful with its refined moldings and its high ceiling. It features a large angle co
6720	The apartement (about 60 m2), is fully equipped : - 42 pouces TV, great stéreo system, Wii U :) - a complete kitchen : Nespresso machine, wok, pans, blender, freezer, traditional oven, micro-wave oven, an insane amount of glasses mugs and cups... but mostly a dish washer (washing powder included) ! - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and washing machine ! - 1 toilet with shower and sink (even though the shower is a bit small, having it on top of the tub is great during morning rush...)	Nicely furnished 2 bedroom apartment in the lively neighborhood of the Moulin Rouge.  Typically Parisian with molded ceilings and wooden floors, my apartment can accommodate up to 4 persons The apartement (about 60 m2), is fully equipped : - 42 pouces TV, great stéreo system, Wii U :) - a complete kitchen : Nespresso machine, wok, pans, blender, freezer, traditional oven, micro-wave oven, an insane amount of glasses mugs and cups... but mostly a dish washer (washing powder included) ! - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and washing machine ! - 1 toilet with shower and sink (even though the shower is a bit small, having it on top of the tub is great during morning rush...) Guests can enjoy the entire apartment (but 1 locked closet ;), it's entertainment system and can use basic grocery and personal care products available. The apartment is situated in the up and coming neighborhood of South Pigalle (SoPi...), with plenty of restaurants, bars, and of course the famous Moulin Rouge. From here you
6721	Completely reviewed in a colorful and functional style, charming 1 bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor of a beautiful condominium located few steps from the Grands Boulevards.  The apartment offers a bedroom with double bed (130cm large), a living room with fully equipped open kitchen, sofabed for 2 persons (130cm large), a dining table, a beautiful modern bathroom with toilet, large storage space in the hallway. It overlooks a quiet courtyard.	Charming 2 bedroom recently renovated in a colorful, functional style. Calm, cute and steps from Grands boulevards making it the ideal starting point for exploring Paris! Completely reviewed in a colorful and functional style, charming 1 bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor of a beautiful condominium located few steps from the Grands Boulevards.  The apartment offers a bedroom with double bed (130cm large), a living room with fully equipped open kitchen, sofabed for 2 persons (130cm large), a dining table, a beautiful modern bathroom with toilet, large storage space in the hallway. It overlooks a quiet courtyard. You will be welcome by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether he will be present or not. Perfectly situated 5 minutes walk from Metro lines 7, 8 and 9, and located just behind the famous Folies Bergeres, you can wa
6722	Il est vraiment très bien situé, dans le coeur du 19eme 18eme	"Découvrez ce Studio de 20m2 haussmannien au rez de chaussé,moderne et épuré dans un quartier très animé et commerçants. Rez de Composé d'une kitchenette aménagée et dune grande pièce à vivre avec une hauteur de plafond de 3m de haut,une salle de bain avec douche et toilette. Il est vraiment très bien situé, dans le coeur du 19eme 18eme Meilleur tatoueur de paris ""tintin"" et à 2min a pieds, on peux se rendre au stations de métro: Blanche, Place de clichy, Pigalle, Abesses à pied    Très bon restaurants, a moindre coût ! Métro: blanche"
6723	le couchage est prévu pour 2 personnes sur un canapé-lit (très confortable), petite cuisine séparée bien équipée, salle de douche et toilettes, Internet, TV  	Ce studio en duplex, très calme, recemment rénové est situé en plein centre de Paris proche de l'Opéra et des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette et Printemps) Il est au 4eme et 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble calme de bon standing, le couchage est prévu pour 2 personnes sur un canapé-lit (très confortable), petite cuisine séparée bien équipée, salle de douche et toilettes, Internet, TV Métro : Opéra ou Richelieu Drouot - (lignes 3, 7, 8) RER : AUBER (A)
6724	 Welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of authentic parisian quarter.  25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue du Faubourg Montmartre offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazing shops, galleries and craftshops.  In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris : the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place de la Concorde, the Grand and the Petit Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and so many other famous monuments. Grand studio de 38m² , 2ème étage sans ascenseur, très au calme situé au dans une cour arborée à 5 minutes à pied des grands boulevards  Il est composé d'une grande pièce principale lumineuse grâce à ses  2 belles fenêtres La partie chambre est séparée du salon par une cloison mobile. Vrai lit pour 2 personnes Canapé d'appoint dans la partie salon Cuisine indépendante équi	 Welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of authentic parisian quarter.  25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue du Faubourg Montmartre offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazing shops, galleries and craftshops.  In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris : the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place de la Concorde, the Grand and the Petit Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and so many other famous monuments. Grand studio de 38m² , 2ème étage sans ascenseur, très au calme situé au dans une cour arborée à 5 minutes à pied des grands boulevards  Il est composé d'une grande pièce principale lumineuse grâce à ses  2 belles fenêtres La partie chambre est séparée du salon par une cloison mobile. Vrai lit pour 2 personnes Canapé d'appoint dans la partie salon Cuisine indépendante équi
6725	Bel appartement dans un quartier bourgeois, au 3eme étage.L'appartement est composé d'un salon avec un lit et une cuisine américaine entierement équipée, couloir, une chambre avec un grand lit double, une salle de bain avec douche et baignoire , wc séparé.  Appartement entierement équipé avec tous les facilités pour un séjour idéal. Il peut acceuillir 3 personnes (1 Lit simple dans le séjour et un lit double dans la chambre)	Un charmant appartement : une chambre avec le lit double, un salon avec cuisine ouverte, canapé et un matelas supplémentaire pour une personne, WC séparé, grande salle de bain et un dressing.  L'appartement est à 5 min à pied du Moulin Rouge! Bel appartement dans un quartier bourgeois, au 3eme étage.L'appartement est composé d'un salon avec un lit et une cuisine américaine entierement équipée, couloir, une chambre avec un grand lit double, une salle de bain avec douche et baignoire , wc séparé.  Appartement entierement équipé avec tous les facilités pour un séjour idéal. Il peut acceuillir 3 personnes (1 Lit simple dans le séjour et un lit double dans la chambre) A 3 minutes à pied du Moulin Rouge un de quartiers les plus animés à Paris avec des nombreux bars, clubs, restaurants pour découvrir le mode de vie Parisien. A 2 minutes à pied de la Place de Clichy : une fameuse place parisienne avec des multiples restaurants, un casino et des bars inoubliables. A 8 minutes à pied des Galerie
6726	75 mètres carré de charme typique parisien, avec moulures, parquet, cheminée et très belle hauteur sous plafonds (3,3 mètres) 1 chambre avec un lit neuf + 1 canapé lit pour 2 personnes Possibilité de mettre à disposition tout le matériel pour bébé / enfant petit (chaise haute, lit, baignoire, jouets,table à langer...) Photos supplémentaire sur demande	Très bel appartement haussmanien de 75 mètres carrés, en plein cœur du quartier Saint Georges-Martyrs, à 10 min de Montmartre et des Grands Magasins Profitez du balcon pour le petit déjeuner, avec sa vue imprenable sur l'Eglise de la Trinité 75 mètres carré de charme typique parisien, avec moulures, parquet, cheminée et très belle hauteur sous plafonds (3,3 mètres) 1 chambre avec un lit neuf + 1 canapé lit pour 2 personnes Possibilité de mettre à disposition tout le matériel pour bébé / enfant petit (chaise haute, lit, baignoire, jouets,table à langer...) Photos supplémentaire sur demande Quartier familial et calme, avec nombreux restaurants et endroits sympa pour sortir Nombreux commerces de proximité de qualité Proche Gare Saint Lazare + lignes de métro (phone number hidden)) Stations Vélib et Autolib à 30 mètres Nombreux bus
6727	A convertible sofa and 2 bunk beds. Ideally for a couple with children.	Studio situated at the 6th floor of a 1930s building, with elevator. It is composed of a little entrance, bathroom with shower, separed kitchen, and a main room of approx 15 sq meters. It has lot of light and very quiet. Wooden floor. A convertible sofa and 2 bunk beds. Ideally for a couple with children. The flat is at The heart of The very Nice area of Trudaine and rue des Martyrs. Walking distance from montmartre and Pigalle. The area is perfect for High quality food shopping, cafés, restaurants and designers little Shops. It very green : big trees and public garden. Metro stations : Anvers, Cadet, Barbes, Pigalle. Bus vers le centre :85 ; vers Étoile : 30 ; vers Tour Eiffel : 42 Gare du Nord -SNCF à 10 minutes à (website hidden) pratique du quartier
6728	The apartment is very bright and quiet, on a charming courtyard, located at 6th floor has windows on both sides.	Cosy apartment located in the Montmartre area, in 9th arrondissement of Paris,  15 min walking from Gare de l'Est & 5 min from Gare du Nord (Eurostar access and direct link to CDG airport).  
6729	2 double bed-rooms, one bathroom (shower and bathtub), fully equiped kitchen, living room. There is also one cotbed for a baby.	Charming 85sqm flat, newly furbished, decorated by an architect in the center of Paris.  Located the fancy 9th arondissement, walking distance to Opera, Louvre, Montmartre.  2 dble bed-rooms and 1 cotbed for a baby. 2 double bed-rooms, one bathroom (shower and bathtub), fully equiped kitchen, living room. There is also one cotbed for a baby. You will have the entire flat for yourselves. I will be happy to welcome you at your arrival and give you advices to discover Paris ! The apartement is very calm, no noise at all. It is very close by walking distance to Opera, the Louvre, Montmartre, Saint-Lazare etc. You will be in one of the most wanted district in Paris, with several very good restaurants, food markets... Very central, several metro stations (lines 12, 7, 8, 9) and several buses. The closest metro station is Notre Dame de Lorette.
6730	This 90 m2, very quiet, spacious and haussmanian is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the trendy 'South Pigalle' neighborhood, between the Moulin Rouge and the Place Saint Georges. The apartment is located on the first floor of a peaceful building (built back in 19th century). The apartment includes: a completely equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, stove, oven, grill, machine, toaster) ; a large 20m2 living/dining room equipped with a large sofa, a table for 6, a fireplace and two French window to the courtyard. The flat offers 3 rooms, each offering a double bed and some storage. A bathroom includes a bath, a sink and a washing machine. The toilets are separate. At your disposal: Wifi, TV, Playstation and sound system. Thanks to its new restaurants, bars and terraces, the neighborhood was recently branded as SoPi (South Pigalle). It develops an arty, Bohemian and festive spirit. Once playground of Toulouse Lautrec and George Sand, 	One sweet room with storage and double bed available in the most trendy district of Paris - bars, restaurant, museums -. You can do everything walking! No need to take public transportation! This 90 m2, very quiet, spacious and haussmanian is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the trendy 'South Pigalle' neighborhood, between the Moulin Rouge and the Place Saint Georges. The apartment is located on the first floor of a peaceful building (built back in 19th century). The apartment includes: a completely equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, stove, oven, grill, machine, toaster) ; a large 20m2 living/dining room equipped with a large sofa, a table for 6, a fireplace and two French window to the courtyard. The flat offers 3 rooms, each offering a double bed and some storage. A bathroom includes a bath, a sink and a washing machine. The toilets are separate. At your disposal: Wifi, TV, Playstation and sound system. Thanks to its new restaur
6731		Belle chambre dans un lumineux appartement de 90m2 situé au carrefour des métros Pigalle / Anvers / Notre Dame-de-Lorette.  Proche tout commerces, restaurants et bars. Idéal pour un jeune couple.
6732		Chambre très lumineuse de 15m2 dans appartement de 80m2 situé au centre de Paris dans le 9e. Très bien desservi par les transports en communs dont bus, métros, gares. Quartier très vivant avec boutiques, cafés, bars, restaurants, théâtres et marchés.
6733	L’appartement est situé en plein cœur de la rive droite, au pied de l’Opéra de Paris et à quelques mètres des Galeries Lafayette. Récemment rénové, il est à quelques pas des principales attractions parisiennes mondialement connues telles que le Louvre, l’Opéra Garnier et à proximité du quartier de la Bourse et dans l'autre sens le quartier des Martyrs. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine indépendante toute équipé, d'une salle de bain et d'une pièce principale avec un lit et un canapé. 	L’appartement est situé en plein cœur de la rive droite, au pied de l’Opéra de Paris et à quelques mètres des Galeries Lafayette. Récemment rénové, il est à quelques pas des principales attractions parisiennes mondialement connues telles que le Louvre, l’Opéra Garnier et à proximité du quartier de la Bourse et dans l'autre sens le quartier des Martyrs. L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine indépendante toute équipé, d'une salle de bain et d'une pièce principale avec un lit et un canapé. 
6734	Cozy studio, 22 m2, including: - Separate equipped kitchen, oven, washing machine, etc. - Very bright lounge with views of Sacré Coeur, Equipped with a sofa bed, bed size 160. internet, wifi, TV - Bathroom with shower and toilet. 6th floor - no elevator  Studio cosy, 22 m2, comprenant : - cuisine séparée toute équipée, four, machine à laver, etc - salon très lumineux avec vue sur Sacré Coeur, Équipée d'un canapé lit, lit taille 160. internet, wifi, TV - salle de bain avec douche et wc. 6eme étage - pas d'ascenseur	Small charming T1, 22 m2,  Perfect for your escapades in Paris ! Dream location in the 9th, very central, 10 minutes walk from the most beautiful places : Pigalle, Montmartre, Opera, Haussmann, Canal St Martin Flat at The 6th floor without elevator :) Cozy studio, 22 m2, including: - Separate equipped kitchen, oven, washing machine, etc. - Very bright lounge with views of Sacré Coeur, Equipped with a sofa bed, bed size 160. internet, wifi, TV - Bathroom with shower and toilet. 6th floor - no elevator  Studio cosy, 22 m2, comprenant : - cuisine séparée toute équipée, four, machine à laver, etc - salon très lumineux avec vue sur Sacré Coeur, Équipée d'un canapé lit, lit taille 160. internet, wifi, TV - salle de bain avec douche et wc. 6eme étage - pas d'ascenseur Sheets, towels included Draps, serviettes de toilette inclus Accueil, guides de Paris et bonnes adresses du quartier recommandées par la propriétaire. métro ligne 7 - Poissonnière Station vélib Bus (phone number hidden) : arrêt 
6735	2 rooms for 2 persons in a historique area, completely in center of Paris. At 5/10 minutes by foot to the louvre. Close to Tuileries, Concorde, Champs Elysées, Les Halles Châtelet.Typic parisian apartment, quiet and clear, 40 meter square. The kitchen ( with a washing machine) is separate with a window, A salon and a bedroom with internet and a Tv. The bathroom and the toilet are separates and independents. You are alone in the apartment. The apartment is totally free. I'm not there during the location.  The Louvre museum, Garden Palais Royal, Opéra, Le Vaudeville or Le Grand colbert typic french restaurant. Best Japonese restaurant Rue Saint-Anne, Garden les Tuileries. Several beautiful shop, The 2 Big famous shop center Les Galeries Laffayette et Le Printemps next to Opéra. Station BOURSE line 3 at 2 minutes by foot, station QUATRE_SEPTEMBRE line 3 2 minutes too. Station RICHELIEU-DROUOT line 9 Several BUS line 20, 29, 39. From the aeroport the is a bus to OPERA and 2 stops until QUA	Ce 2 pièces accueillant est  typique. Il peut accueillir  2 personnes dans une rue centrale de Paris à 5mn  du Louvre. Grande cuisine, salle de bain /WC sont indépendants.  Profitez d'un emplacement idéal et de sa proximité avec le métro/ bus à 2mn ! 2 rooms for 2 persons in a historique area, completely in center of Paris. At 5/10 minutes by foot to the louvre. Close to Tuileries, Concorde, Champs Elysées, Les Halles Châtelet.Typic parisian apartment, quiet and clear, 40 meter square. The kitchen ( with a washing machine) is separate with a window, A salon and a bedroom with internet and a Tv. The bathroom and the toilet are separates and independents. You are alone in the apartment. The apartment is totally free. I'm not there during the location.  The Louvre museum, Garden Palais Royal, Opéra, Le Vaudeville or Le Grand colbert typic french restaurant. Best Japonese restaurant Rue Saint-Anne, Garden les Tuileries. Several beautiful shop, The 2 Big famous shop center Les Galeries Laff
6736	The apartment has undergone a renovation in 2013.  The building is Haussmann style, very safe with entry pass and intercom. The area is 33 sq. meters, with wooden floors. It looks onto a courtyard, which makes the apartment very quiet.  The main room has a double bed, a sofa, a desk and is equipped with a flat screen TV.  The kitchen is equipped : oven, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and coffee machine. Clean sheets and towels will be provided. Naturally, the apartment has high speed internet Wifi !	Very nice studio  (33 sq. meters) in a traditional Haussmann style building in a great location (Paris 9th district). Located on the third floor (no elevator) of a very safe building, the apartment looks onto a quiet courtyard. The apartment has undergone a renovation in 2013.  The building is Haussmann style, very safe with entry pass and intercom. The area is 33 sq. meters, with wooden floors. It looks onto a courtyard, which makes the apartment very quiet.  The main room has a double bed, a sofa, a desk and is equipped with a flat screen TV.  The kitchen is equipped : oven, hot plates, microwave, fridge/freezer and coffee machine. Clean sheets and towels will be provided. Naturally, the apartment has high speed internet Wifi ! Located on the third floor, and reached by a wide wooden staircase, this apartment, in common with many historic properties in Paris, has no elevator. Keys and building access pass will be given at the beginning of the stay. If you have any questions, please a
6737	Studio entièrement refait à neuf et situé dans le Paris authentique, proche des grands boulevards, du grand rex et de l'opéra garnier. Le studio est situé au rez de chaussée, au calme car il donne sur l'impasse Ambroise Thomas. Il peut accueillir 4 personnes et dispose d'un couchage 2 places en mezzanine et d'un canapé convertible 2 places. Salle de bains avec douche, lavabo et toilettes. La cuisine est ouverte et entièrement équipée (four multifonctions, plaques vitrocéramiques, lave-linge...) machine à café nespresso et capsules offertes. La télévision câblée, le téléphone international et le wifi sont à disposition. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Vous serez au cœur du quartier des théâtres, proche du grand rex et des folies bergères. De nombreux bars, bistrots et restaurants se trouvent dans ce quartier animé. Les lignes de métro 8 et 9 vous amèneront directement à la tour Eiffel, aux Champs Elysées ou aux Galeries Lafayette. L'accès à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle par la gare	Studio entièrement refait à neuf et situé dans le Paris authentique, proche des grands boulevards, du grand rex et de l'opéra garnier. Le studio est situé au rez de chaussée, au calme car il donne sur l'impasse Ambroise Thomas. Il peut accueillir 4 personnes et dispose d'un couchage 2 places en mezzanine et d'un canapé convertible 2 places. Salle de bains avec douche, lavabo et toilettes. La cuisine est ouverte et entièrement équipée (four multifonctions, plaques vitrocéramiques, lave-linge...) machine à café nespresso et capsules offertes. La télévision câblée, le téléphone international et le wifi sont à disposition. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Vous serez au cœur du quartier des théâtres, proche du grand rex et des folies bergères. De nombreux bars, bistrots et restaurants se trouvent dans ce quartier animé. Les lignes de métro 8 et 9 vous amèneront directement à la tour Eiffel, aux Champs Elysées ou aux Galeries Lafayette. L'accès à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle par la gare
6738	Small studio, very bright, functional and equipped for two people on the 6th floor (no elevator).  housing  Nine, Studio 12 qm has been fully renovated by a decorator. Ideally situated, facing south, in a quiet street in the 9th district of Martyrs, between Opera and Montmartre.	Small studio, very bright, facing south, in a beautiful Parisian building. Central location near many attractions. Many shops, cafes and restaurants nearby. View of the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. Small studio, very bright, functional and equipped for two people on the 6th floor (no elevator).  housing  Nine, Studio 12 qm has been fully renovated by a decorator. Ideally situated, facing south, in a quiet street in the 9th district of Martyrs, between Opera and Montmartre. Equipment  - Equipped kitchenette (hotplates, fridge, oven, table, kettle, toaster, cutlery ...)  - Bathroom (shower, WC, wash hand ...)  - Living / dining room (sofa bed-Futon)  - Wifi  - Many Cupboards  - Linen and towels provided Exchanges with travelers  By email and telephone neighborhood  A few steps away from Montmartre and Galeries Lafayette department stores ... Opera, with all shops (bakeries, cheese, market gardeners, fishmongers, butchers ...).  Many cafés nearby the apartment.  
6739	"Our place is our soul. We love to decorate it with personality. We take time to find objects that have an history, a soul. We love warmth and serenity, we try to make people feel comfortable.  We like plants, we put them in order to bring some nature in an urban environment. We are very lucky because we live in our favorite ""arrondissement"" (district) in Paris = the 9th arrondissement, which is for us the most authentic and charming district, with an immediate access to Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) / Abbesses (my grand-parents got married at ""Eglise des Abbesses"", the Church in Abbesses). The ""9th"" (as Parisan say) is a charming and quiet area with great restaurants, wonderful buildings, marvelous parks and garden, markets, supermarkets, swimming pool (down the street), very convenient for people coming from GARE DU NORD (5 minutes walking).  The apartment is 85 square meters with a balcony, 8 large windows (very bright).  It is a 2nd floor with elevator in a 18th century building apartmen"	"Lovely apartment with immediate access to Montmartre, Batignolles, Grands Magasins.  Wonderful area (restaurants, gardens, shops, streets).  Our place is our soul. We love to decorate it with personality. We take time to find objects that have an history, a soul. We love warmth and serenity, we try to make people feel comfortable.  We like plants, we put them in order to bring some nature in an urban environment. We are very lucky because we live in our favorite ""arrondissement"" (district) in Paris = the 9th arrondissement, which is for us the most authentic and charming district, with an immediate access to Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) / Abbesses (my grand-parents got married at ""Eglise des Abbesses"", the Church in Abbesses). The ""9th"" (as Parisan say) is a charming and quiet area with great restaurants, wonderful buildings, marvelous parks and garden, markets, supermarkets, swimming pool (down the street), very convenient for people coming from GARE DU NORD (5 minutes walking).  The apar"
6740	This studio is a typical Parisian unique-room apartment. As it is my main residence, it is very cosy & functional, you will find everything you need for your accommodation: fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, a double bed + a sofa bed for two...	"Functional & cosy studio in the heart of the 9th Arrondissement, between the Opera Garnier and the Sacré Coeur, between Pigalle and Montmartre, 5 minutes away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"", perfect for your stay. This studio is a typical Parisian unique-room apartment. As it is my main residence, it is very cosy & functional, you will find everything you need for your accommodation: fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, a double bed + a sofa bed for two... Guests will have access to everything the apartment is equipped with (TV, Internet, domestic electrical goods, cooking tools etc), except of course for my personal effects. The studio is to rent as an Entire Place meanwhile I will be staying next door, available to help you with anything you need. The neighborhood is incredibly lively and is packed with shops, markets, restaurants... If you like to walk, you can go to the Opera Garnier, the Boulevard Haussmann, the Sacré Coeur, Montmartre, Pigalle, the Canal Saint Martin and more in"
6741	L'appartement est un studio de 30 m2, au 2ème étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur.  Il est confortable, lumineux et chaleureux. Il est composé d'une pièce à vivre, donnant sur rue, d'une  cuisine américaine équipée et d'une salle de bain. La cuisine est équipée de : cuisinière vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur avec petit compartiment de congélation, cafetière et nécessaire pour petits déjeuners, grille-pain, micro-ondes, nécessaire de cuisine. Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et W.C. Le séjour est équipé d'un canapé lit futon dépliant pour 2 personnes ainsi qu'un futon 1 personne en guise de fauteuil, d'une télévision écran plat. Un sèche cheveux, une table et un fer à repasser sont mis à votre disposition. Nos tarifs ne comprennent pas le ménage de fin de séjour, effectué par vos soins. En cas de non respect de cette clause, un forfait ménage de fin de séjour, d'un montant de 50 euros sera retenu sur la caution. SERVICES Les serviettes de toilette ainsi que les draps sont fournis. Le n	Charmant studio en plein cœur de Paris, situé dans un quartier  commerçant, proche de l'Opéra et à 2 pas des grands magasins Galeries Lafayette.  Idéal pour allier culture, tourisme et shopping...  Lafayette gourmet à 5 minutes de l'appartement L'appartement est un studio de 30 m2, au 2ème étage d'un immeuble sans ascenseur.  Il est confortable, lumineux et chaleureux. Il est composé d'une pièce à vivre, donnant sur rue, d'une  cuisine américaine équipée et d'une salle de bain. La cuisine est équipée de : cuisinière vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur avec petit compartiment de congélation, cafetière et nécessaire pour petits déjeuners, grille-pain, micro-ondes, nécessaire de cuisine. Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et W.C. Le séjour est équipé d'un canapé lit futon dépliant pour 2 personnes ainsi qu'un futon 1 personne en guise de fauteuil, d'une télévision écran plat. Un sèche cheveux, une table et un fer à repasser sont mis à votre disposition. Nos tarifs ne comprennent pas le ménage
6742	Position plain SUD donc Sole ! Ascenseur juste au 6 ème Possibilité de capacité D'accueil enfants (lit bébé) et lit adulte aussi avec supplément..  Étage n pas habité Donc réserve pour vous.. :-)  Comme beaucoup de bâtiments en style haussmannien, le toilettes sont dans le couloir, mais le plancher n est pas habité donc il est privée! la douche (voir photo) est situé dans le studio!	Superbe appartement à quelques min. de Galerie la Fayette,Gare du Nord et de L’Est. Ce 20 M2 on été entiérement rénové,propre et chaleureux.plain sud! En plus vous pouvez profiter de la vue sur square montholon et de Notre Trattoria Piccola Toscana.. Position plain SUD donc Sole ! Ascenseur juste au 6 ème Possibilité de capacité D'accueil enfants (lit bébé) et lit adulte aussi avec supplément..  Étage n pas habité Donc réserve pour vous.. :-)  Comme beaucoup de bâtiments en style haussmannien, le toilettes sont dans le couloir, mais le plancher n est pas habité donc il est privée! la douche (voir photo) est situé dans le studio! Bureaux avec Compiuter,Imprimante,WiFi ,TV, Frigo, micro ondes, machine café et thé machine a lavé et sèche linge  Sèche cheveux Salviettes etc ..etc.. Sì ! Avec plaisir. ;-) Opera , Galleries la Fayette , Grand boulevard. . Metro ligne 7 cadet o ligne 13 Notre dame de lorette Gare du Nord et Est . Il y a un parking payant en face Comme beaucoup de bâtiments en
6743	Chambre de 16m2 , lit simple dans charmant appartement ancien ( tomettes,parquet,moulures,cheminées) au centre de Paris ,2e étage sur cour.  Appartement de 80m2 (salon,sejour,2 chambres)+entrée,toilettes,cuisine et salle de bains.  Petite salle de bain avec baignoire d'angle donnant sur une des chambres)  Petite cuisine bien équipée (réfrigérateur,congélateur,lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant,four,four micro ondes, machine à café espresso..)  Décoration sobre , authentique et raffinée.  Quartier tres central proche Opéra- grands boulevards,Martyrs,Montorgueil et Faubourg Saint Denis.  Proche station Metro (ligne 8 et 9.) Room of 16m2, single bed in a charming old apartment (floor tiles, flooring, moldings, fireplaces) in the center of Paris, 2nd floor courtyard. 80m2 apartment (living room, living room, 2 bedrooms) + entry, toilet, kitchen and bathroom. Small bathroom with corner bath overlooking one of the rooms) Small but well equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, was	Chambre de 16m2 , lit simple dans charmant appartement ancien ( tomettes,parquet,moulures,cheminées) au centre de Paris ,2e étage sur cour.  Appartement de 80m2 (salon,sejour,2 chambres)+entrée,toilettes,cuisine et salle de bains.  Petite salle de bain avec baignoire d'angle donnant sur une des chambres)  Petite cuisine bien équipée (réfrigérateur,congélateur,lave vaisselle, lave linge séchant,four,four micro ondes, machine à café espresso..)  Décoration sobre , authentique et raffinée.  Quartier tres central proche Opéra- grands boulevards,Martyrs,Montorgueil et Faubourg Saint Denis.  Proche station Metro (ligne 8 et 9.) Room of 16m2, single bed in a charming old apartment (floor tiles, flooring, moldings, fireplaces) in the center of Paris, 2nd floor courtyard. 80m2 apartment (living room, living room, 2 bedrooms) + entry, toilet, kitchen and bathroom. Small bathroom with corner bath overlooking one of the rooms) Small but well equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, was
6744	"You've always dreamt of a little ""pied-à-terre"" in Paris. Studioguelma can be just that and yours for a week, a month or more. Situated in the heart of bohemian Paris, at the foot of Montmartre, precisely between lively and colorful Pigalle and trendy Abbesses, this will make for your perfect Parisian nest. It's perfectly romantic and very cosy. A fully-equipped freshly refurbished 20sqm studio flat, on the third and last floor of a 1800's building, in a leafy courtyard, off a little no-through street, 1 minute walk from Metro Pigalle. The flat is composed of an entrance/kitchenette, a large separate room with a double-bed (160x200) and a separate shower room with toilets. WiFi, TV with DVD player. Artists such as Maurice Utrillo, Gino Severini, Georges Braque and Raoul Dufy lived and worked at that very address. TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY OF YOUR STAY IN PARIS TO IMPROVE YOUR FRENCH : As fully-qualified and experienced language trainers, we also offer one-to-one intensive French lessons - I"	"You've always dreamt of a little ""pied-à-terre"" in Paris. Studioguelma can be just that and yours for a week, a month or more. Situated in the heart of bohemian Paris, at the foot of Montmartre, precisely between lively and colorful Pigalle and trendy Abbesses, this will make for your perfect Parisian nest. It's perfectly romantic and very cosy. A fully-equipped freshly refurbished 20sqm studio flat, on the third and last floor of a 1800's building, in a leafy courtyard, off a little no-through street, 1 minute walk from Metro Pigalle. The flat is composed of an entrance/kitchenette, a large separate room with a double-bed (160x200) and a separate shower room with toilets. WiFi, TV with DVD player. Artists such as Maurice Utrillo, Gino Severini, Georges Braque and Raoul Dufy lived and worked at that very address. TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY OF YOUR STAY IN PARIS TO IMPROVE YOUR FRENCH : As fully-qualified and experienced language trainers, we also offer one-to-one intensive French lessons - I"
6745		Located at the foot of Montmartre, in the heart of the trendy and historic 9th district of Paris, come discover this duplex, calm and cosy.  Fully equipped kitchen, spacious bathroom with italian shower. Close to public transportations. 
6746	Large and bright room with two large windows overlooking on a courtyard.  Equipped kitchen with fridge, washing machine, electric hob, small oven, dishes and utensils. Dining area with table and chairs. In a corner of the room 1 double bed, storage, TV, WIFI. Separate shower room with toilet and sink.	A real concoon, near place Clichy, charming  studio of 18m2, at the 4th floor (with elevator) of a stone building with a doorkeeper. Ideal for a couple. Very quiet. Large and bright room with two large windows overlooking on a courtyard.  Equipped kitchen with fridge, washing machine, electric hob, small oven, dishes and utensils. Dining area with table and chairs. In a corner of the room 1 double bed, storage, TV, WIFI. Separate shower room with toilet and sink. Linen provided (sheets, towels...). Basic food and hygiene at your disposal. Final cleaning included. Check in on site, we will give you the keys.... You will be in this lively Place Clichy, theaters, cinemas, the famous Moulin Rouge, near Abbesses, the Sacré Coeur ... Many shops, cafes, restaurants. Metro Place Clichy - Line 2: direct to Champs Elysées, Parc Monceau, cimetery Père Lachaise ... - Line 13: Direct  from St Lazare and Montparnasse train station,  to go directly to Stade de France, Champs Elysées, Invalides, Bon M
6747	"Au coeur de Paris, superbe appartement trés calme. Situé dans une rue typiquement  Parisienne. Tres joliement meublé, récement rénové. Capacité de couchage, 2 personnes, il est idéal pour un couple. Grand lit confortable, draps et serviettes fournis. Cuisine toute équipée, Frigo,congelateur, micro ondes, four, ""Nespresso"", cafetiere , toaster. Fourni également fer à repasser, planche à repasser, machine à laver , et connection internet haut débit! Situé vers la place St Georges dans un bel immeuble typiquement parisien, au 3eme étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est très clair et vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Calme (sur cour),  La place St georges et ses alentours sont un point de départ idéal pour vos excursions parisiennes.  C'est un endroit très chic, avec la rue des martyrs, parfaite pour sortir manger dans des brasseries authentiques de la capitale.  Vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds le quartier montmartre, ou l'Opéra Garnier.  galeries lafayette .Le métro le plus proche: St"	"Au coeur de Paris, superbe appartement trés calme. Situé dans une rue typiquement  Parisienne. Tres joliement meublé, récement rénové. Capacité de couchage, 2 personnes, il est idéal pour un couple. Grand lit confortable, draps et serviettes fournis. Cuisine toute équipée, Frigo,congelateur, micro ondes, four, ""Nespresso"", cafetiere , toaster. Fourni également fer à repasser, planche à repasser, machine à laver , et connection internet haut débit! Situé vers la place St Georges dans un bel immeuble typiquement parisien, au 3eme étage sans ascenseur. L'appartement est très clair et vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Calme (sur cour),  La place St georges et ses alentours sont un point de départ idéal pour vos excursions parisiennes.  C'est un endroit très chic, avec la rue des martyrs, parfaite pour sortir manger dans des brasseries authentiques de la capitale.  Vous pourrez rejoindre à pieds le quartier montmartre, ou l'Opéra Garnier.  galeries lafayette .Le métro le plus proche: St"
6748	Appartement atypique et chaleureux entièrement refait à neuf en 2012 par un architecte intérieur. Une cloison coulissante sépare l'espace nuit du salon.	Studio lumineux et très calme de 30 m2 au 2ème et dernier étage surplombant une jolie cour arborée. À 2 pas de Montmartre et du boulevard Haussmann, profitez d'un véritable havre de paix au cœur de Paris. Appartement atypique et chaleureux entièrement refait à neuf en 2012 par un architecte intérieur. Une cloison coulissante sépare l'espace nuit du salon. Wifi Cuisine équipée (four, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur, lave-linge) Quartier très animé avec ses nombreux bars, restaurants, cinémas et commerces. Métro Cadet (ligne 7) à 1 minute. Métro Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (ligne 12) à 5 minutes. Métro Grands Boulevards (ligne 9) à 8 minutes. Gare du Nord à 8 minutes. Gare de l'Est à 10 minutes. Gare du Saint-Lazare à 15 minutes.
6749	Rénové en 2014, l'appartement de 142m2 est très design et accueillant. Particularités : la cuisine ouvre sur le balcon-terrasse orienté plein ouest, soleil garanti pour l'apéro, et vue sur les toits de Paris ... La suite parentale, calme sur cour, a propre TV et sa salle de bains + toilettes. En tout, trois chambres avec lit 2 places. Deux salons, l'un côté salle-à-manger et cuisine, l'autre côté cour, plus cocooning, avec grande télé, comporte deux canapés de 1m/2m (2 couchages de plus sans supplément), Emplacement rêvé, aussi proche des Grands magasins que du sacré-coeur ! Une foule d'endroits sympas accessibles à pieds. Très bien desservi par les transports, tous commerces et restaurants à proximité. Les amis qui viennent s'y sentent toujours bien ... !	Appartement rénové par architecte, mêlant Haussmanien-moderne. Quartier très animé (nombreux théâtres concerts) près Montmartre, Opéra, St Lazare. Tous commerces et transports à proximité. 3 chambres à lit double, 2 salons (poss 2 couchages en plus). Rénové en 2014, l'appartement de 142m2 est très design et accueillant. Particularités : la cuisine ouvre sur le balcon-terrasse orienté plein ouest, soleil garanti pour l'apéro, et vue sur les toits de Paris ... La suite parentale, calme sur cour, a propre TV et sa salle de bains + toilettes. En tout, trois chambres avec lit 2 places. Deux salons, l'un côté salle-à-manger et cuisine, l'autre côté cour, plus cocooning, avec grande télé, comporte deux canapés de 1m/2m (2 couchages de plus sans supplément), Emplacement rêvé, aussi proche des Grands magasins que du sacré-coeur ! Une foule d'endroits sympas accessibles à pieds. Très bien desservi par les transports, tous commerces et restaurants à proximité. Les amis qui viennent s'y sentent to
6750	In the very heart of SoPi, 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Opera and the Grands Magasins, a nice, large (140m2) and bright family flat fully renovated in 2014. The living room is around 40m2 and will pamper you from the start. It includes lounge area with quality sofa bed, flat screen TV, cable,  as well as a dining area for up to 12 guests. The room is bathed in sunlight thanks to its three large French windows overlooking the street. The open kitchen is fully equipped with vitroceramic stovetop and oven, dishwasher, electric coffee maker and kettle, toaster, large fridge with freezer, dishes, utensils and all the cutlery needed for hosting a dinner. A large hallway with closets leads to the other rooms in the apartment, which can accommodate up to 8 guests total. There are 4 bedrooms, a bathroom with a large shower, a laundry corner equipped with washer and dryer, a smaller bathroom with a bathtub, ans 2 separate toilets. The master bedroom has a queen-size bed (160x200). The two other b	Large and very comfortable apartment ideally located in SoPi, very luminous. There are 4 bedrooms (1 with a double bed, 1 with a convertible double bed, 2 with 2 single beds . Very nice location on a square with trees. 2nd Floor with lift. In the very heart of SoPi, 10 mn walk from Montmartre, Opera and the Grands Magasins, a nice, large (140m2) and bright family flat fully renovated in 2014. The living room is around 40m2 and will pamper you from the start. It includes lounge area with quality sofa bed, flat screen TV, cable,  as well as a dining area for up to 12 guests. The room is bathed in sunlight thanks to its three large French windows overlooking the street. The open kitchen is fully equipped with vitroceramic stovetop and oven, dishwasher, electric coffee maker and kettle, toaster, large fridge with freezer, dishes, utensils and all the cutlery needed for hosting a dinner. A large hallway with closets leads to the other rooms in the apartment, which can accommodate up to 8 gu
6751	The great volume of each room and the very well designed floor plan will bring you peace and 	"Enjoy this magnificent typically Parisian apartment, brand new and decorated with taste, located in a quiet street within a lively neighborhood. 5min walk from Montmartre and 1min walk from coffee places and shops in famous ""rue des martyrs"".  The great volume of each room and the very well designed floor plan will bring you peace and  Guests will have access to the entire flat. We are available via email anytime. Quiet street within a lively Montmartre neighborhood. Touristic places as well as coffee places and small shops streets  The flat is 10 min walk from Gare du Nord through ""rue de Dunkerque"" and 5 min walk from gare saint lazare. 3 min from métro Anvers (Ligne 2) or 5 min  from Pigalle (ligne 12)."
6752		SoPi South Pigalle, quartier bobo. Loue jolie chambre dans bel appart 100 m2.
6753	Une décoration contemporaine pour une unisurface de plein pied où chaque espace de vie (chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bains) est bien délimité pour un usage agréable et aéré. 	Charmant grand studio de 41 m2 idéalement situé près de tous commerces et restaurants aux pieds de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur à deux pas de Pigalle et du Moulin Rouge. Proche de Paris centre des lieux de shopping et des monuments. Son emplacement offre toutes les commodités pour une vie typiquement parisienne. L'appartement est entièrement équipé pour un confort maximum et un séjour inoubliable. Une décoration contemporaine pour une unisurface de plein pied où chaque espace de vie (chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bains) est bien délimité pour un usage agréable et aéré. Appartement entier Yveline sera votre hôte et fera de son mieux pour vous faciliter votre séjour. Hautement touristique, le quartier de Montmarte et ses alentours offre un Paris authentique avec son ambiance villageoise et son patrimoine historique incomparable. De nombreux et célèbres peintres ont laissé une atmosphère d'Art et de détente qui font de ce quartier un des plus visités au monde. De nombreuses stations d
6754	Charming 2 rooms flat, perfect for 2.  Fully equipped , calm and bright.	Very well located to enjoy Paris sightseeing and typical Parisian life.  You can do everything by walk !  Easy access from Gare du Nord. Charming 2 rooms flat, perfect for 2.  Fully equipped , calm and bright. I won't be there while you'll be in my flat, but I'll be very glad to give you good tips (restaurants, bars, walks...). Typical Parisian neighborhood close to Montmartre, Pigalle, Opéra, Galeries Lafayette.  Easy access from Gare du Nord (10 minutes walk). 3 metro lines very close :  Anvers, line 2 Notre-dame-de-lorette, line 12 Cadet, line 7
6755	Appartement haussmannien d'environ 90 m² qui a beaucoup de charme grâce ses tomettes de l'époque, son parquet ancien, ses jolis plafonds, sa belle cheminée et la grande luminosité qui s'y installe en partie grâce à sa hauteur (4ème étage). Il se constitue :   - d'une grande chambre avec un lit King size,  - d'un grand salon très aéré avec un canapé lit d'angle 2 places,  - d'une salle à manger semi-ronde (original !),  - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire,  - d'une bibliothèque/bureau contenant également un canapé lit 2 places,   - d'une cuisine (lave-vaisselle à disposition) accompagnée d'une buanderie avec grand réfrigérateur et lave-linge.  L'appartement est équipé d'un triple-vitrage et d'un binôme volets/rideaux occultant apportant un confort optimal pour s'y reposer la nuit. Sa situation est idéale : à deux pas de la rue des Martyrs avec ses nombreux commerçants tous intéressants et différents les uns des autres, à peine à 10 minutes à pied de Pigalle, des grands boulevards, de l	    Appartement haussmanien spacieux et lumineux. Sa situation est idéale pour visiter Paris. Je fais de mon mieux (propreté/rangement, informations/communication, remise des clés  ) pour que vous passiez un bon séjour chez moi !    Appartement haussmannien d'environ 90 m² qui a beaucoup de charme grâce ses tomettes de l'époque, son parquet ancien, ses jolis plafonds, sa belle cheminée et la grande luminosité qui s'y installe en partie grâce à sa hauteur (4ème étage). Il se constitue :   - d'une grande chambre avec un lit King size,  - d'un grand salon très aéré avec un canapé lit d'angle 2 places,  - d'une salle à manger semi-ronde (original !),  - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire,  - d'une bibliothèque/bureau contenant également un canapé lit 2 places,   - d'une cuisine (lave-vaisselle à disposition) accompagnée d'une buanderie avec grand réfrigérateur et lave-linge.  L'appartement est équipé d'un triple-vitrage et d'un binôme volets/rideaux occultant apportant un confort optimal p
6756	Peaceful and sunny appartement in the 9e district. It  is located close to : - major touristical sites : Opera, Montmartre and Moulin Rouge are just a few minutes walk away - public transportation : metro lines 2, 7, 8, 9, 12 and buses provide direct access to Eiffel Tower, Le Louvre, Quartier Latin, Notre-Dame, and many others. - 3 velib' stations to discover Paris by Bike for only 1€/day - major shopping sites like Parisian stores, Les Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps - Parisian life : great restaurants and food shops, local wine bars, clubs, cinemas, theatres, supermarkets and in our opinion one of the best boulangeries in Paris. Enjoy !	Appartement situé dans le quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes (9e arrondissement), à proximité de Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra, de l'animation des Grands Boulevards et des grands magasins. Entièrement rénové, calme et ensoleillé pouvant accueillir 4 pesonnes (1lit + 1grand canapélit). Succulente boulangerie tout près. Enjoy ! Peaceful and sunny appartement in the 9e district. It  is located close to : - major touristical sites : Opera, Montmartre and Moulin Rouge are just a few minutes walk away - public transportation : metro lines 2, 7, 8, 9, 12 and buses provide direct access to Eiffel Tower, Le Louvre, Quartier Latin, Notre-Dame, and many others. - 3 velib' stations to discover Paris by Bike for only 1€/day - major shopping sites like Parisian stores, Les Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps - Parisian life : great restaurants and food shops, local wine bars, clubs, cinemas, theatres, supermarkets and in our opinion one of the best boulangeries in Paris. Enjoy ! Transport : Métro Cadet,
6757	Charming studio located Rue du Faubourg Montmartre in one of the most lifeful areas of Paris! Kind-of-artist style, very luminous (three large windows and three mini balcony), the flat is 20m² and can welcome two persons (perfect for a couple). It is fully furnished with a nice bathroom (with shower, toilets, vanity unit), a cute kitchenette (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, kitchen equipments,..) and a large convertible double bed couch! Free WIFI is also available (hotspot). Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  The flat is under the roof at the last floor, accessible with an elevator. It has a great (!) view of the Sacré Coeur (and the Parisian roofs  of Montmartre), the Folies Bergères, and...the Eiffel Tower! (the half top of it but still !)  The place is in the middle of the area of Grands Boulevards, well known for being full of theatres, cabaret and music halls. It is the arts district of Paris with man	Charming studio located Rue du Faubourg Montmartre in one of the most lifeful areas of Paris (my favorite area)! With a great view on both the Eiffel Tower and the Sacré Cœur, it is a 20sqm flat, fully equiped, and perfect for a first stay in Paris! Charming studio located Rue du Faubourg Montmartre in one of the most lifeful areas of Paris! Kind-of-artist style, very luminous (three large windows and three mini balcony), the flat is 20m² and can welcome two persons (perfect for a couple). It is fully furnished with a nice bathroom (with shower, toilets, vanity unit), a cute kitchenette (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, kitchen equipments,..) and a large convertible double bed couch! Free WIFI is also available (hotspot). Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  The flat is under the roof at the last floor, accessible with an elevator. It has a great (!) view of the Sacré Coeur (and the Parisian roofs  of Montmart
6758	It's a nice and clean flat in a old building (typical Parisian), though the furniture is a bit basic.  33 m2, with two rooms (bedroom and living room separated by a small wall). Caution : it's on the fifth floor with no elevator. You need to take the stairs. South oriented with plain view on Paris ! Very typical. Actually I'm in the process of selling the flat, so I just decided to rent it on Aribnb as my long term renter just left the flat. Which will be sold in september. So i'll rent it until the 15th of september. The area is really nice around Rue des Martyrs Rue Cadet and Rue Rochechouart. You are really downtown. 15 min walk to Montmartre.	New! In an old building, choose my quiet flat (33 m2) in passage Briare, 50m from Cadet metro. On the 5th floor, it's bright and sunny. Whether or not you know Paris, it's ideally situated, 10 min from Montmartre, Chatelet and Opera. It's a nice and clean flat in a old building (typical Parisian), though the furniture is a bit basic.  33 m2, with two rooms (bedroom and living room separated by a small wall). Caution : it's on the fifth floor with no elevator. You need to take the stairs. South oriented with plain view on Paris ! Very typical. Actually I'm in the process of selling the flat, so I just decided to rent it on Aribnb as my long term renter just left the flat. Which will be sold in september. So i'll rent it until the 15th of september. The area is really nice around Rue des Martyrs Rue Cadet and Rue Rochechouart. You are really downtown. 15 min walk to Montmartre. All the flat is rented. I will welcome you and get the key back. You can call me, I live in another area of Par
6759	One block (only) separates you from the underground (line 2 and 12). Train Station Access : - 10 min from Gare du Nord - 20 min from Gare de Lyon - 10 min from Gare de St Lazare	A few steps from the Moulin Rouge, the apartment has a stunning view of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment has a 80 square meter surface of Haussmann type. It has a washing machine, dishwasher, TV and three comfortable bedrooms. One block (only) separates you from the underground (line 2 and 12). Train Station Access : - 10 min from Gare du Nord - 20 min from Gare de Lyon - 10 min from Gare de St Lazare Montmartre Sacré Coeur Moulin Rouge St George area All Pigalle'Bar (!)  Many (french) restaurants 4 Supermarkets
6760		L'appartement fait 70m2 (loi Carrez), très proche à pied du métro Trinité (1min), Pigalle (5min) et St Lazare (7min), une rue très calme, Haussmannienne, proche des Galeries Lafayette.  Idéal pour les familles ou les groupes d'amis! Métro Trinité sur la ligne 12 ou métro Pigalle sur la ligne 2, ainsi que la gare saint lazare qui est très proche. Il y aussi beaucoup de bus, une station vélib et un point de taxis sur la place de la Trinité.
6761	Original living place on 4th floor, with cool furnitures and decoration. Open US kitchen on dining space and living room. 1 parents bedroom and 1 kids bedroom. Separate toilets and bathroom.	Central Paris, 80sqm, 2 bedrooms, many activities from touristic to cultural ones. The trendiest and coolest of 9th, hip places and restaurants around. Happy to provide tips around the flat. Nearest Metro are Pigale & Notre Dame de Lorette (5mn walk) Original living place on 4th floor, with cool furnitures and decoration. Open US kitchen on dining space and living room. 1 parents bedroom and 1 kids bedroom. Separate toilets and bathroom. Full place. Any informations you require to have the best experience of the neighborhood will be provided. One of the best spot in the 9th, with trendy restaurants and cafes on Trudaine's avenue and Martyrs street. Walking distance to Montmartre as well as Opera area. All transportation means, metro, bike, buses...
6762		Situé sur les grands boulevards, à 5 min des Galeries Lafayettes, et des Printemps, ainsi qu'à 10 min de la Place de l'Opéra, petit studio de 20m2 équipé.  La Gare du Nord se situe à moins de 10 min à pieds.
6763	Our  house is located in a quiet courtyard within one of Paris nicest areas. Nicely decorated and full of surprises, we're offering our 17 square meters extra room.  Although it is below ground level, direct light is coming in from the glass ceiling. If you need privacy, no problem, shutters will prevent the light from disturbing you. The room is very well isolated and ventilated. It's perfect for a couple.	Cosy extra room in lovely HOUSE in the heart of the right bank. Very calm, with its own yard, it is located just below Montmartre and Pigalle, a block away from the village-like rue des Martyrs, famous for its shops  and restaurants. Our  house is located in a quiet courtyard within one of Paris nicest areas. Nicely decorated and full of surprises, we're offering our 17 square meters extra room.  Although it is below ground level, direct light is coming in from the glass ceiling. If you need privacy, no problem, shutters will prevent the light from disturbing you. The room is very well isolated and ventilated. It's perfect for a couple. Guests will have access to their own room and bathroom, as well as to the living room and kitchen, which are all in one volume. During your stay, our house is your house.  We'll be more than happy to help you around, share our Parisian tips and offer coffee or tea when you rise. Our neighborhood offers everything we wanted to have around while living in
6764	"Ideally located in ""SoPi"" (South Pigalle) in the St Georges-Martyrs neighbourhood, the apartment is a beautifully laid out classic Parisian apartment (60m2 or 646ft2) with high ceilings, traditional mouldings, lovely French ""point de Hongrie"" parquet floors, marble fireplaces, authentic French cafe table and wicker chairs, etc.  The apartment also has a new kitchen and new bathroom (with a new hot water boiler providing excellent hot water supply (to the full-sized bathtub) and allowing you to keep the flat warm and cozy).  The apartment is bright and overlooks both the street and the courtyard from the first floor (one floor above the ground floor) and the building has a bicycle/stroller room in the ground floor so there is no need to carry up or store those items in the flat. Since the apartment has two aspects, a terrific cross-breeze keeps the apartment cool with fresh air on hot days/nights. The bright apartment comprises a large entry foyer, two (2) good bedrooms (each with a new"	"Stay in very classic (yet fully modern) Parisian apartment which is ideally located with great access to transport in a fantastic and safe cool and hip neighbourhood; great new restaurants, cafes, bakeries, stores etc. (without the loud night life!). Ideally located in ""SoPi"" (South Pigalle) in the St Georges-Martyrs neighbourhood, the apartment is a beautifully laid out classic Parisian apartment (60m2 or 646ft2) with high ceilings, traditional mouldings, lovely French ""point de Hongrie"" parquet floors, marble fireplaces, authentic French cafe table and wicker chairs, etc.  The apartment also has a new kitchen and new bathroom (with a new hot water boiler providing excellent hot water supply (to the full-sized bathtub) and allowing you to keep the flat warm and cozy).  The apartment is bright and overlooks both the street and the courtyard from the first floor (one floor above the ground floor) and the building has a bicycle/stroller room in the ground floor so there is no need to car"
6765	"Lively Neighborhood  Feels like a french village in Paris  Many shops and restaurants Quiet Apartment - construction 19th century  1 bedroom apartment with convertible couch   Perfect for short-stays and ""feet on the ground"""	Comfortable apartment in Montmartre area with a friendly and knowledgeable host seeks short-stay visitors. This shared space features a sofa-bed for guests. >Lively Neighborhood  Feels like a french village in Paris  Many shops and restaurants >Qu
6766	Our apartment is 75 m² in the heart of Paris, between the 9th and the 10th arrondissement, rue du faubourg Poissonnière. The apartment is located (email hidden)ly district : many bars and restaurants of all kinds (French, Italian, Turkish, Lebanese, Thai, etc.)., Bios stores, small markets, etc.. A grocery store in front of the apartment is open from 8h to 22h every day. This is an area where you feel completely safe. We are located at: - 2 min walk from metro Poissonnière - 5 min walk from the Grand Rex, the Grévin museum, the Folies Bergeres, the Grands Boulevards and the Gare du Nord. - 10 minutes walk from the department stores on Boulevard Haussmann, the Opera Garnier, Montmartre (Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge) - 15 minutes metro and walk from the Louvre / the Tuileries / The Palais Royal - 20 minutes walk from the Gare St Lazare - 25 minutes by taxi from the airport Charles de Gaulle Our apartment in double exposure on street and courtyard, on the first floor is very spacious with ex	Welcome ! Our apartment is 75 m² in the heart of Paris. The apartment was completely renovated in 2010. It is quiet and bright, located on the 1st floor, it overlooks a courtyard.  Our apartment is 75 m² in the heart of Paris, between the 9th and the 10th arrondissement, rue du faubourg Poissonnière. The apartment is located (email hidden)ly district : many bars and restaurants of all kinds (French, Italian, Turkish, Lebanese, Thai, etc.)., Bios stores, small markets, etc.. A grocery store in front of the apartment is open from 8h to 22h every day. This is an area where you feel completely safe. We are located at: - 2 min walk from metro Poissonnière - 5 min walk from the Grand Rex, the Grévin museum, the Folies Bergeres, the Grands Boulevards and the Gare du Nord. - 10 minutes walk from the department stores on Boulevard Haussmann, the Opera Garnier, Montmartre (Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge) - 15 minutes metro and walk from the Louvre / the Tuileries / The Palais Royal - 20 minutes walk 
6767	l appartement est d un calme absolu 	I suggest living with travelers I give my bedroom. I specify that I stay with you in the apartment, we shall thus live together! Welcome    I give a bedroom and the possibility of taking a shower thus to use the bathroom.
6768	A big room, a big lounge , a simple bathroom. Very quiet. 3rd floor NO LIFT.	Charming apartment.Close to stores  and Opera. A very big room for two people (king Size bed)and a convertible Bed-sofa for two. Kitchen.Bathroom shower, toilet. 3rd floor / no lift, I help for luggage Very quiet and secure.Near Montmartre. A big room, a big lounge , a simple bathroom. Very quiet. 3rd floor NO LIFT. Access to the entire Apt, Kitchen fully equipped but there is no oven and microwave for the moment, french tradition ;). 3rd Floor but no lift ( call me for a help if needed with your luggages) I will be happy to help you during your holidays in Paris. My Cell Phone will be a 24/7 online! Near Montmartre, near The Louvre museum, near the Opera Garnier near the Galeries Lafayettes, near heaven ! Center of Paris, full of subway lines and many bus, easy access to everywhere. Direct RER line to euro-DisneyLand. NO PARTY, NO FIESTA .
6769		Dans le quartier de la rue des Martyrs, tout près de Montmartre, au calme dans une jolie cour, une chambre avec salle d'eau au 1er étage d'une maison atypique. Accueil familial et chaleureux, avec deux chats. Accès à toute la maison, cuisine incluse.
6770	"The studio is very comfortable and cosy with exposed wooden beans. There is a living room downstairs, with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom. Both of this room are separated.  When you go up, there is a double bed.  Le studio est confortable et cosy. Il y a une salle de bain, et une cuisine séparée de la pièce principale. Le lit est ""perché"" en mezzanine ce qui permet une véritable pièce à vivre."	"In the center of Paris, a typical parisian studio of 20m2 is available for two persons. The apartment is located between the Opera and Montmartre, and the metro station is at 2 minutes by foot. The flat is calm, comfortable with a lovely mezzanine.  The studio is very comfortable and cosy with exposed wooden beans. There is a living room downstairs, with a fitted kitchen and a bathroom. Both of this room are separated.  When you go up, there is a double bed.  Le studio est confortable et cosy. Il y a une salle de bain, et une cuisine séparée de la pièce principale. Le lit est ""perché"" en mezzanine ce qui permet une véritable pièce à vivre. You have an access to the Wifi and to the washing machine I am very pleased to answer to any questions. I give all the instructions to come from the airport or the train station to my apartment, and I give you a list of ""good things"" to visit, eat, and drink in Paris !  What I really like is that I live in a very calm apartment, but my neighborhood i"
6771	L'appartement est constitué de deux anciennes chambres de bonnes réunies ainsi que des anciennes parties communes désormais privatisées. Il est donc un peu bizarrement conçu, mais très confortable malgré tout !  A noter que la baignoire est située sous-pente et qu'il n'est pas possible de s'y tenir debout.  La chambre est la pièce la plus spacieuse. Meublée de manière sobre, elle est plutôt charmante avec ses deux velux et sa bibliothèque.  La salle à manger est une petite pièce bien conçue, avec une table pouvant accueillir trois personnes ; de profondes étagères construites dans la pente du toit contiennent le réfrigérateur, le congélateur, la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine.  L'appartement n'est pas équipé de téléviseur, mais une connexion en Wi-Fi est disponible, ainsi qu'une petite radio portative.  Dans l'entrée, on trouve le coin cuisine, la baignoire fermée d'une porte coulissante et les toilettes séparées.	Atypique! Deux petites pièces mansardées en plein cœur de Paris avec vue sur les toits, double exposition nord/sud. Très calme et lumineux, grands placards. 7 ème étage sans ascenseur dans un immeuble propre et sécurisé (deux codes d'accès) Une chambre avec un lit deux places / deux lits une place Une salle à manger avec une table et trois chaises Coin cuisine entièrement équipé (plaques de cuisson, mini-four, réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-linge), petite baignoire et toilettes indépendantes L'appartement est constitué de deux anciennes chambres de bonnes réunies ainsi que des anciennes parties communes désormais privatisées. Il est donc un peu bizarrement conçu, mais très confortable malgré tout !  A noter que la baignoire est située sous-pente et qu'il n'est pas possible de s'y tenir debout.  La chambre est la pièce la plus spacieuse. Meublée de manière sobre, elle est plutôt charmante avec ses deux velux et sa bibliothèque.  La salle à manger est une petite pièce bien conçue, avec
6772	Timbered roof ceiling - 2 main rooms on 2 levels. Plenty of light Entirely refurbished Super quiet Can sit extra 2 people on sofa bed for short stays. 5th floor with elevator	This is a unique opportunity to stay in an artist mini loft in Paris. Located in the same building as legendary Folies Bergeres, this super quiet 2-floor mini loft has a view of the tip of Eiffel Tower. Convenient and central, magic and soulful. Timbered roof ceiling - 2 main rooms on 2 levels. Plenty of light Entirely refurbished Super quiet Can sit extra 2 people on sofa bed for short stays. 5th floor with elevator Kitchen with induction plaque, fully equipped bathroom, mixed oven, fridge, wifi, TV, DVD, Boiler, Toaster, Coffee Machine... No laundry machine but there is a lavomatic round the corner. depending on my availability, you might have to deal with my lovely parents :-) It's in the same building as folies bergeres where Josephine Baker used to dance, and for which the musical Cabaret was originally composed. The neighborhood is very central and lively, with plenty of supermarkets and also the lively Marché Cadet nearby.Plenty of nice bars and restaurants. 2 metro stations, wi
6773	The apartment is fully furnished with two seperate bedrooms fitted with double beds, which is ideal if you are 2 couples or even a group of friends.  They both have a wall of closets, and a typical parisian chimney with a mirror on it.  The apartment has a living room and dining room area with a table that seat up to 8 people, ideal for dinners! When it is warm and sunny the apartment's best asset is it's terrace which is exposed to the sun from morning to evening. The terrace is equipped with a table fitting up to 8 people, plants and deckchairs for reading and napping during the day, and perfect for an apéro in the evening... 	Charming 2 bedroom flat on the 5th floor of an haussmanien building. Located in the centre of Paris by the bonne nouvelle metro station (email hidden)ly neighbourhood. Enjoy the large terrace.  The apartment is fully furnished with two seperate bedrooms fitted with double beds, which is ideal if you are 2 couples or even a group of friends.  They both have a wall of closets, and a typical parisian chimney with a mirror on it.  The apartment has a living room and dining room area with a table that seat up to 8 people, ideal for dinners! When it is warm and sunny the apartment's best asset is it's terrace which is exposed to the sun from morning to evening. The terrace is equipped with a table fitting up to 8 people, plants and deckchairs for reading and napping during the day, and perfect for an apéro in the evening...  Acess to fully furnished kitchen, dishwasher and washing machine, internet & books. The other room will be occupied In the heart of Paris, Poissonniere is one of the old
6774	Apartment in the heart of Paris, located in the 9th district. Ideal for a couple or a single person, this studio is on the 5th floor with elevator in an old hotel. It is very cosy, quiet and pleasant. Renovated in January 2013, this apartment is fully furnished. The modern bathroom has a bath, washbasin,  WC, dry towel and washing machine . The main room with parquet floor is equipped with an open kitchen with 2 hot plates, sink, expresso machine, microwave, toaster, cupboards, sofa bed, coffee table, TV and internet. The large window overlooking a courtyard offers sunshine in the morning in the room. All amenities are around: supermarket, restaurant, bar, cinema... Subway lines 8, 9 are just outside of the building (Richelieu- Drouot station) as buses 67, 74, 85. Subway lines 3, 7, 12 and buses 20, 29, 39 are only 5 minutes walk. Two Vélib stations are also nearby. It is very easy to move in Paris and it is possible to do almost everything by walk in the heart of Paris. The apartment 	Appartement en plein centre de Paris, se situant dans le 9ème arrondissement (limite 2ème) dans le bas des Grands Boulevards au croisement du Boulevard Haussemann et du Boulevard des Italiens. Apartment in the heart of Paris, located in the 9th district. Ideal for a couple or a single person, this studio is on the 5th floor with elevator in an old hotel. It is very cosy, quiet and pleasant. Renovated in January 2013, this apartment is fully furnished. The modern bathroom has a bath, washbasin,  WC, dry towel and washing machine . The main room with parquet floor is equipped with an open kitchen with 2 hot plates, sink, expresso machine, microwave, toaster, cupboards, sofa bed, coffee table, TV and internet. The large window overlooking a courtyard offers sunshine in the morning in the room. All amenities are around: supermarket, restaurant, bar, cinema... Subway lines 8, 9 are just outside of the building (Richelieu- Drouot station) as buses 67, 74, 85. Subway lines 3, 7, 12 and buses 
6775	Cet appartement est composé de 2 pièces: une chambre de 12m² et un salon de 20m².  Il y a 4 couchages: un lit de 140x190 dans la chambre et un canapé convertible de 200x200 dans le salon.  La cuisine est petite mais fonctionnelle: 2 plaques de cuisson, un four micro-onde, un grand réfrigérateur et congélateur, vaisselle pour 6 personnes. Dans le salon vous trouverez un canapé convertible, 2 tables basses, un fauteuil 6 chaises, une table pliante et une télé. Dans la chambre un grand placard est à disposition.  La salle de bain dispose d'une douche et d'un WC. This apartment has 2 rooms: a 12sqm and a livingroom of 20sqm.  You wiIl find 4 beddings : a 140x190 bed in the bedroom and a double sofa-bed 200x200 in the living room.  A small but practical kitchen: 2 hotplates, a oven/microwave, a fridge and a freezer, dishes for 6 persons  In the living room you will find a double sofa, 2 coffee tables, a armchair, a folding table, 6 chairs and a TV.  In the bedroom, a closet. The bathroom ha	Beau 2 pièces à proximité du Sacré Coeur. Profitez du calme de cet appartement en plein coeur du 9e avec ses restaurants, ses bars et activités touristiques  Enjoy a beautiful & quiet flat in the heart of Paris restaurants, bars and sight seeing Cet appartement est composé de 2 pièces: une chambre de 12m² et un salon de 20m².  Il y a 4 couchages: un lit de 140x190 dans la chambre et un canapé convertible de 200x200 dans le salon.  La cuisine est petite mais fonctionnelle: 2 plaques de cuisson, un four micro-onde, un grand réfrigérateur et congélateur, vaisselle pour 6 personnes. Dans le salon vous trouverez un canapé convertible, 2 tables basses, un fauteuil 6 chaises, une table pliante et une télé. Dans la chambre un grand placard est à disposition.  La salle de bain dispose d'une douche et d'un WC. This apartment has 2 rooms: a 12sqm and a livingroom of 20sqm.  You wiIl find 4 beddings : a 140x190 bed in the bedroom and a double sofa-bed 200x200 in the living room.  A small but pract
6776	This lovely studio with a sober and elegant decoration is fully-equipped and functional, thus letting you make the most of your stay in Paris. You will not get bored in this bustling area of the Grands Boulevards. Located at the ground floor of the building, street oriented, the apartment remains calm and bright. Everything has been thought to optimize the large studios’ space. Thus the kitchen has been installed near the apartment entrance. It offers all the necessary equipments, many storage facilities and a dining space. A large mirror stands on the opposite wall to offer depth to the room. The lounge side offers a comfortable space. The high windows half way tinted let pass the light and keep the privacy of the studio. The contemporary furniture, including a double bed very well fit in this mini-loft.  The stairs lead to an original mezzanine with a glass barrier. It has a 90 cm single bed and a storage compartment. Finally, under the mezzanine, the tiled bathroom is a light mix be	This lovely studio with a sober and elegant decoration is fully-equipped and functional, thus letting you make the most of your stay in Paris. You will not get bored in this bustling area of the Grands Boulevards. Located at the ground floor of the building, street oriented, the apartment remains calm and bright. Everything has been thought to optimize the large studios’ space. Thus the kitchen has been installed near the apartment entrance. It offers all the necessary equipments, many storage facilities and a dining space. A large mirror stands on the opposite wall to offer depth to the room. The lounge side offers a comfortable space. The high windows half way tinted let pass the light and keep the privacy of the studio. The contemporary furniture, including a double bed very well fit in this mini-loft.  The stairs lead to an original mezzanine with a glass barrier. It has a 90 cm single bed and a storage compartment. Finally, under the mezzanine, the tiled bathroom is a light mix be
6777	Duplex très lumineux entre un SoPi branché et la butte Montmartre touristique. Notre appartement est aux 5 et 6eme étages -avec ascenseur- au calme d' une cour. Appartement typique et généreux de 63m2, proche de toutes commodités, ligne M 2 et ligne M 4. Nous partageons cet appartement avec ma soeur, il s'agit d'un appartement idéal pour une famille. Toutes les pièces de vie: cuisine, salon, salle de bain et 2 toilettes à disposition. L'ordinateur est dans le salon et peut être accessible pour internet. Nous serons joignables par téléphone et par mail. Dans le grand concours international pour s’imposer sur la carte des lieux qui comptent, le quartier parisien situé au sud de Pigalle vient de franchir une étape symbolique: un article du Wall Street Journal l’a récemment proclamé quartier le plus excitant de Paris. Son épicentre est la rue des Martyrs, une longue rue en pente qui débouche au nord sur le boulevard Rochechouart et qui est devenue en quelques années la vitrine du néo-Paris	Appartement sur 2 étages lumineux de 63m2, dans le 9ème arrondissement (métro Anvers et Barbès), juste à côté de Montmartre. Cheminées à l'ancienne, parquet en bois, cuisine familiale avec vue sur la tour Eiffel, charmante salle de bain avec baignoire, 2 lits doubles très confortables et super emplacement! Beaucoup de restaurants très sympas, proche commodités. Proximité Gare du Nord et de l'Est avec RER, à deux pieds du métro ligne 4&2 (parcourant Paris d'Est en Ouest et du Nord au Sud). Duplex très lumineux entre un SoPi branché et la butte Montmartre touristique. Notre appartement est aux 5 et 6eme étages -avec ascenseur- au calme d' une cour. Appartement typique et généreux de 63m2, proche de toutes commodités, ligne M 2 et ligne M 4. Nous partageons cet appartement avec ma soeur, il s'agit d'un appartement idéal pour une famille. Toutes les pièces de vie: cuisine, salon, salle de bain et 2 toilettes à disposition. L'ordinateur est dans le salon et peut être accessible pour interne
6778		Gorgeous 80sq meters flat in the heart of Paris (Metro Cadet / Bonne Nouvelle).  10 minutes walk from the Eurostar, 10 minutes walk from Galleries Lafayette, 10 minutes walk from Canal St Martin, 10 minutes walk from la Bourse, 10 minutes walk from Montmartr. An amazing place to live a proper Parisian experience in a trendy district. You will love going to the  5th floor, balcony, full of light. Contemporary design. 2 rooms, super-king-size bed and child bed. Bath and full equipped Kitchen.
6779	Very quiet and bright apartment. Bedroom with queen size bed, desk, book shelves and balcony.  Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, gas cooker, oven, coffeepot...) and separate living room with TV and speakers, and balcony with an outdoor table and 2 chairs. We also have a two layer air-bed  which can be installed in the living room (electric pump, very comfortable). Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine.	In charming neighborhood of South Pigalle,5 minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur and very well connected to Metro(2,7,12).Our apartment is fully-furnished with 1 bdr, bathroom,kitchen and living room with a balcony.Close to plenty of cafés,bars,restaurants Very quiet and bright apartment. Bedroom with queen size bed, desk, book shelves and balcony.  Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, gas cooker, oven, coffeepot...) and separate living room with TV and speakers, and balcony with an outdoor table and 2 chairs. We also have a two layer air-bed  which can be installed in the living room (electric pump, very comfortable). Bathroom with bathtub and washing machine. Very lively neighbourhood. 100 meters to rue des Martyrs which has many shops, cafés and restaurants. 5 minutes walk to Montmartre, Abesses and Sacré Coeur. 15 minutes to the department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps). 
6780	Hello, Large 3 bedroom apartment of 120 m2 completely renovated in the center of Paris and the famous pedestrian Montorgueil district full of shops, bars and restaurants. 3 real bedrooms with real beds are waiting for you.	Hello, Large 3 bedroom apartment of 120 m2 completely renovated in the center of Paris and the famous pedestrian Montorgueil district full of shops, bars and restaurants. 3 real bedrooms with real beds are waiting for you.
6781	The flat is at 6th floor (with elevator till fifth floor ) very nice hausmanian building ,Windows are on the court yard side therefor very quiet .	Nice 25m2 confortable flat. Quiet and bright .Very central.  Everything you need for a good stay in Paris... The flat is at 6th floor (with elevator till fifth floor ) very nice hausmanian building ,Windows are on the court yard side therefor very quiet . we have a 140cm bed with a large dressing. next to it a large couch ,a desk ,a tv. kitchen side with induction plates ,fridge ,wicro wave oven ,nespresso machine ... bathroom with shower ,toilette and a waching machine . The subway Poissonniere line no 7 is next to the building. The trains stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est are at 6mns walk range
6782	A five-room apartment of 95sqm, very bright and quiet perfect to spend a few days in Paris, with your family or for a business trip.  Located rue Richer in the 9th arrondissement, this flat is in a very nice area of entertainment and shopping. The nineteenth century building is full of charm and there is a lift. In the surronddings, the Folies Bergère or the Trévise theater are just a few minutes by foot. This apartement is protected from the noise by not being on the street side of the building but it stays very bright. The dining room si connected to the living room and both are very cocoon.  The kitchen open on the living room and is fully equipped: a oven, a dish washer, a coffee machine, boiler... This apartement is perfectly sized for 4 persons. The first bedroom has a big bed 160x200 cm and could be the parents' bedroom. The second one has two small beds of 90x180 cm convertible in a big one 160x200 cm and could be the children's bedroom or the friends.  There are two bathrooms 	A five-room apartment of 95sqm, very bright and quiet perfect to spend a few days in Paris, with your family or for a business trip. A five-room apartment of 95sqm, very bright and quiet perfect to spend a few days in Paris, with your family or for a business trip.  Located rue Richer in the 9th arrondissement, this flat is in a very nice area of entertainment and shopping. The nineteenth century building is full of charm and there is a lift. In the surronddings, the Folies Bergère or the Trévise theater are just a few minutes by foot. This apartement is protected from the noise by not being on the street side of the building but it stays very bright. The dining room si connected to the living room and both are very cocoon.  The kitchen open on the living room and is fully equipped: a oven, a dish washer, a coffee machine, boiler... This apartement is perfectly sized for 4 persons. The first bedroom has a big bed 160x200 cm and could be the parents' bedroom. The second one has two smal
6783	The flat is extremely quiet and peaceful because it's on a courtyard but it's in a really nice & central area	"Ideal Flat for a couple + 1 kid or 4  friends.  Centrally located right in the middle of the trendy ""rue des Martyrs""  Walking distance to 4 underground stations.  You can even  sleep 4 since there is a single sofa bed in the living room. The flat is extremely quiet and peaceful because it's on a courtyard but it's in a really nice & central area The flat has the best situation if you want to enjoy the parisian way of life, It's close to the best parisian boulangeries and cheeses stores, walking distance to bars & restaurant "
6784	Ce trois-pièces accueillant peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.  Dans le centre de Paris, dans une rue calme, à proximité des Galeries Lafayette, du Louvre, de l'Opéra Garnier, du Musée Grévin. Le métro se trouve à 300 mètres. Local à vélos au RDC. Mon logement comporte un salon, deux chambres spacieuses avec un lit double chacune, une salle de bain rénovée, et une cuisine équipée. Il est situé en plein cœur de Paris, permettant d'aller partout facilement en transports en commun, et de se promener à pied également. Le quartier est vivant, comporte de nombreux commerces, restaurants, théâtres, etc ... Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement. Je laisse des affaires dans une seule armoire. La vaisselle pour les voyageurs est indiquée. Il est au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur. Je suis en déplacement durant l'été. Néanmoins, l'appartement est préparé avant l'arrivée de chaque voyageur. Le quartier est extremement vivant, mais l'appartement est dans une rue calme permettant de se repose	Ce trois-pièces accueillant peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes.  Dans le centre de Paris, dans une rue calme, à proximité des Galeries Lafayette, du Louvre, de l'Opéra Garnier, du Musée Grévin. Le métro se trouve à 300 mètres. Local à vélos au RDC. Mon logement comporte un salon, deux chambres spacieuses avec un lit double chacune, une salle de bain rénovée, et une cuisine équipée. Il est situé en plein cœur de Paris, permettant d'aller partout facilement en transports en commun, et de se promener à pied également. Le quartier est vivant, comporte de nombreux commerces, restaurants, théâtres, etc ... Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement. Je laisse des affaires dans une seule armoire. La vaisselle pour les voyageurs est indiquée. Il est au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur. Je suis en déplacement durant l'été. Néanmoins, l'appartement est préparé avant l'arrivée de chaque voyageur. Le quartier est extremement vivant, mais l'appartement est dans une rue calme permettant de se repose
6785	L'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé (marchés, commerces, restaurant, vie nocturne...). L'appartement se compose d' un salon chambre ( avec un lit double ) et d’un petit grenier aménagé avec un lit 2 places. L'appartement a également une grande salle de bain. 	Studio typiquement parisien avec tomettes au sol et poutres apparentes au plafond, beaucoup de cachet dans un coin très prisé de Paris. Au plaisir de vite vous accueillir. Charming typic studio in beautiful place in Paris :) L'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé (marchés, commerces, restaurant, vie nocturne...). L'appartement se compose d' un salon chambre ( avec un lit double ) et d’un petit grenier aménagé avec un lit 2 places. L'appartement a également une grande salle de bain. L'appartement est doté de tous les appareils nécessaires à la vie quotidienne: four, micro-ondes, machine à laver le linge, ventilateur, TV, internet. Les draps, couverture et oreillers sont mis a disposition, fraîchement lavés après le passage de chaque visiteur. Le soir, l'immeuble est très calme et le salon donne sur une vue des toits de Paris et la tour eiffel, sans vis-à-vis. Le 9ème arrondissement de Paris est un quartier typiquement parisien, très calme mais entouré de tout ce 
6786		"In the heart of the historical center of Saint Georges next to Moulin Rouge and Montmartre, I invite you to stay in a charming apartment. Located  in a very hip area called South Pigalle (""SOPI"") : plenty of restaurants, coffees, bars, shops Very close from subway. 3 metro stations near the appartment (less than 2 minutes by walk)"
6787	Au troisième étage d’un immeuble parisien, ce studio récemment rénové vous séduira par son raffinement, sa tranquillité, son confort, et sa situation privilégiée dans le quartier de la Madeleine, avec tous les commerces à proximité. Le linge , les serviettes et draps de bain sont fournis. 	Charmant studio pour deux personnes dans un immeuble typiquement parisien au coeur du shopping et de la vraie vie parisienne ! Au troisième étage d’un immeuble parisien, ce studio récemment rénové vous séduira par son raffinement, sa tranquillité, son confort, et sa situation privilégiée dans le quartier de la Madeleine, avec tous les commerces à proximité. Le linge , les serviettes et draps de bain sont fournis. nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. L’appartement est situé à deux minutes à pied de la très chic Place de la Madeleine, célèbre pour son Eglise, son théâtre et ses prestigieuses adresses comme Fauchon et Hediard. Vous avez accès aux grands magasins du Boulevard Haussmann , au palais Garnier, à la place Vendôme et à la Place de la Concorde.  De nombreux commerces et boutiques se trouvent en bas de l’immeuble.  Au croisement de plusieurs lignes de métro vous pourrez vous déplacer à votre gré dans la capitale. Paris est à vous ! Métro Havre Caumartin Ligne 9 les clefs s
6788	The apartment is 48m², and is located 2 minutes walk from Metro Anvers, close to Montmatre’s restaurants and bars.  It is on the last floor of a typical haussmanian building. It is a very cute and romantic place. Secure building with lift, entrance, main room with double sofa-bed, fully equipped and modern American kitchen, bathroom with bath and washer-dryer, bedroom with large double bed and plenty of  storage space.  Internet and Cable TV access included.  My apartment is very sunny because of the exposure but also beacause of its numbered windows : 2 in the living room, 2 in my room and 1 in the bath room. The neighbourhood is very cool. There are lots of bars, restaurants and stores. It is a very lively part of town. There are also lots of nice food stores and supermarkets. The Sacré Coeur (the white church on top of Montmartre) is just right there. And you have to walk 10 min. to get to the Moulin Rouge. I will welcome you to give you my keys, explain you how the apartment works,	A beautiful apartment ideally located, just in Montmartre and close from metro lines 2 & 4 et bus line 85. Located on the last floor, lots of lights (5windows) bathtub, kitchen w. counter, that is the perfect Parisian apartment. The apartment is 48m², and is located 2 minutes walk from Metro Anvers, close to Montmatre’s restaurants and bars.  It is on the last floor of a typical haussmanian building. It is a very cute and romantic place. Secure building with lift, entrance, main room with double sofa-bed, fully equipped and modern American kitchen, bathroom with bath and washer-dryer, bedroom with large double bed and plenty of  storage space.  Internet and Cable TV access included.  My apartment is very sunny because of the exposure but also beacause of its numbered windows : 2 in the living room, 2 in my room and 1 in the bath room. The neighbourhood is very cool. There are lots of bars, restaurants and stores. It is a very lively part of town. There are also lots of nice food stores
6789	VERY NICE AREA , NEAR TO GO ANYWHERE Apartment new, clear, contemporary style. 85 M2 Large clear area, TV, Wifi, Free Phone in France. Separate kitchen: dishwasher, induction hob, oven, fridge freezer, microwave A large WC Bathroom with bath 1 room with a bed 2 people and TV- Tel 1 room with a bed 2 people. 4th floor with elevator, very well maintained building. Main entrance with  2 codes ( pass with key ) Metro Grand Boulevard 50 meters. A few steps from the Opera Garnier, Lafayette, Grand Boulevard, Republic, scholarship and Gallery Place Vendome. Close to cafes and restaurants and many cinemas. Metro, bus and RER very close Safe area. Auto Lib : Rent a car by hour, just in front of the building, could be very interesting. Perfect for family trip or business trip. Possibility Maid. no noise and many windows	Beautiful apartment very bright, very quiet, spacious with 85m2 for 2 bedrooms, a beautiful kitchen with table and dishwasher, LARGE LIVING ROOM. FOR YOUR COMFORT A LADY COMES ON TUESDAY AND FRIDAY TO 90 MINUTES + / - FREE OF HOUSEHOLD (on my charge) VERY NICE AREA , NEAR TO GO ANYWHERE Apartment new, clear, contemporary style. 85 M2 Large clear area, TV, Wifi, Free Phone in France. Separate kitchen: dishwasher, induction hob, oven, fridge freezer, microwave A large WC Bathroom with bath 1 room with a bed 2 people and TV- Tel 1 room with a bed 2 people. 4th floor with elevator, very well maintained building. Main entrance with  2 codes ( pass with key ) Metro Grand Boulevard 50 meters. A few steps from the Opera Garnier, Lafayette, Grand Boulevard, Republic, scholarship and Gallery Place Vendome. Close to cafes and restaurants and many cinemas. Metro, bus and RER very close Safe area. Auto Lib : Rent a car by hour, just in front of the building, could be very interesting. Perfect for f
6790	"Big flat (34m2), renovated, spacious, lovely equipped with a bed for 2(""bed-cupboard""), TV, large sofa (sofa-bed), table, internet. Very calm & lighted (on courtyard). In a convivial district & stratégic : near Opéra & Galeries Lafayettes, close to St Lazare, and on the other side you have ""rue des Martyres"", ""Pigalle"", I will greet you with all the confort needed! Subway : Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) et Le Peletier (L7), far from 5 minutes to Métro Anvers (L2) & far from 7 minutes to Richelieux Drouot (L8 & 9)"	"Big charming flat, very classy, ideally located in the center of the capital... Big flat (34m2), renovated, spacious, lovely equipped with a bed for 2(""bed-cupboard""), TV, large sofa (sofa-bed), table, internet. Very calm & lighted (on courtyard). In a convivial district & stratégic : near Opéra & Galeries Lafayettes, close to St Lazare, and on the other side you have ""rue des Martyres"", ""Pigalle"", I will greet you with all the confort needed! Subway : Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) et Le Peletier (L7), far from 5 minutes to Métro Anvers (L2) & far from 7 minutes to Richelieux Drouot (L8 & 9)"
6791	Large nice apartment well located, close to Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge. Shops opened until late at night, good restaurants, theatres, cinemas and subway nearby. On the last floor, sun, quiet, view of the roof and the Sacre Coeur. Beautiful place that has just been renovated, furnished and fully equipped (washing machine, bathroom with bath, separated toilets and Wi-Fi). Two charming bedrooms, good exposition, large living space with opened kitchen and a mezzanine (possibility of 2 beddings), living room with a 2 persons sleeping-couch and alibrary/office. A place where you will feel good. The perfect place to discover Montmartre district, Sacre Coeur Basilica or spend the evening in the Moulin Rouge. You can also walk south and arrive very fast to the Opera and the Louvre. The apartment itself is pleasant, you can spend the day looking up at the sky and relaxing. 	Large nice apartment well located, close to Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge. Shops opened until late at night, good restaurants, theatres, cinemas and subway nearby. On the last floor, sun, quiet, view of the roof and the Sacre Coeur. Beautiful place that has just been renovated, furnished and fully equipped (washing machine, bathroom with bath, separated toilets and Wi-Fi). Two charming bedrooms, good exposition, large living space with opened kitchen and a mezzanine (possibility of 2 beddings), living room with a 2 persons sleeping-couch and alibrary/office. A place where you will feel good. The perfect place to discover Montmartre district, Sacre Coeur Basilica or spend the evening in the Moulin Rouge. You can also walk south and arrive very fast to the Opera and the Louvre. The apartment itself is pleasant, you can spend the day looking up at the sky and relaxing. 
6792		With 330 m² in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods of Paris, the luxury triplex is truly an oasis of calm and voluptuousness: four bedrooms, three bathrooms, home cinema, 4K TV, fiber optics Internet, full kitchen, master entrance. South Pigalle has become one of Paris' trendiest neighborhoods with exclusive local designers, celebrated restaurants and wonderful shops, from small boutiques to the grand department stores. The studio is a block from the Rue Lepic market, where you can shop for some of the city's best cheese, wine, baguettes and pastries like a true local. We are a block from BLANCHE metro station and two blocks away from PIGALLE station. There are several bus routes and the VELIB' bike stand is directly in front of the studio. A quick, 5-minute ride will take you to Galeries Lafayette or the stunning Paris Opera (Garnier) as well as the Japanese quarter (Rue St. Anne), where you can find Paris' best ramen shops.
6793	Lovely mordern apartment with two double bedrooms and two ensuite bathrooms. There is a fully equiped kitchen where you will be able to prepare savorous meals. There is also a large living room and a separate dining area.  The flat is 100sq meters	Lovely double bedroom apartment. Recently renovated at a very high standard. It's the perfect spot to enjoy your stay in the heart of Paris. Lovely mordern apartment with two double bedrooms and two ensuite bathrooms. There is a fully equiped kitchen where you will be able to prepare savorous meals. There is also a large living room and a separate dining area.  The flat is 100sq meters Everywhere ! I am available to help you with anything 24/7 :) ! Looking forward to meeting you The flat is located in a new trendy and up and coming neighborhood close to la Rue des Martyrs... The street is busy and lively with many food markets, supermarkets, little shops with local artisanal products that sell ham, cookies, fish, meat, fruits and amazing french bread! I will give you a list of very cool places... My favorite is L'Hotel Amour. Only neighborhood in Paris where shops are still open on Sundays! It is a few minutes away from Sacre Coeur which is a wonderful place to visit! Quite difficult t
6794		Bel appartement de 60 m2  idéalement situé au cœur du Paris touristique. A 200m du musée Grévin et des Grands Boulevards, 300m de Pigalle, 800m de l'Opéra et des Grands magasins, et 800 m de Montmarte. Il domine les toits de Paris. 
6795	The Galeries Lafayette apartment is encompassed in a neighborhood full of history. As the name suggests, it is within walking distance to one of the most internationally known department stores. And a few steps in the other direction, one finds themselves on the famous boulevard designed by the Napoleon's urban planner, Baron Von Haussmann. The two bedroom apartment is ideal for those looking for bit a luxury and class during their holiday stay in Paris. THE APARTMENT The entry leads to a beautiful courtyard lined with plants and flowers, already setting the tone of tranquility and relaxation. Entering directly into the salon, furnished with lush leather sofas and contemporary decor, one is feels welcomed from the very beginning. The adjoining dining room is flooded with light due to the floor to ceilings windows, that look onto another courtyard. The large and spacious kitchen, equipped with modern appliances, allows you to prepare your favorite French recipes. The breakfast bar area 	Within walking distance to one of the most internationally known department stores, this two bedroom apartment is ideal for those looking for bit a luxury and class during their holiday stay in Paris. The Galeries Lafayette apartment is encompassed in a neighborhood full of history. As the name suggests, it is within walking distance to one of the most internationally known department stores. And a few steps in the other direction, one finds themselves on the famous boulevard designed by the Napoleon's urban planner, Baron Von Haussmann. The two bedroom apartment is ideal for those looking for bit a luxury and class during their holiday stay in Paris. THE APARTMENT The entry leads to a beautiful courtyard lined with plants and flowers, already setting the tone of tranquility and relaxation. Entering directly into the salon, furnished with lush leather sofas and contemporary decor, one is feels welcomed from the very beginning. The adjoining dining room is flooded with light due to the 
6796	This dream apartment is located in the center of Paris, at La Madeleine, a chic and famous area that combines amazing shopping spots, the main Parisian touristic sights (Concorde, Champs Elysées nearby)  as well as beautiful green spaces. (the Famous Tuilleries Gardens). -THE APARTMENT -  The apartment is bright, spacious, very peaceful and modern with a touch of vintage. To sum up, it is comfortable and charming as much as a nice hotel suite would be. The double bed is a king size bed and is extremely comfortable. There is also big sofa where an extra person can easily sleep. You will also find a plasma large TV with DVD player. The kitchen is fully equipped, with all you need to cook ! (Microwave, a oven/grill, dishwasher, washing machine, a toaster, a refrigerator with freezer and more...) Bathroom: a spacious and nice marble bathroom with a bathtub or shower and sink A separated toilet. - AROUND YOU - The neighborhood is chic and sure and the building is also very safe thanks to th	This dream apartment is located in the center of Paris, at La Madeleine, a chic and famous area that combines amazing shopping spots, the main Parisian touristic sights (Concorde, Champs Elysées nearby)  as well as beautiful green spaces. (the Famous Tuilleries Gardens). -THE APARTMENT -  The apartment is bright, spacious, very peaceful and modern with a touch of vintage. To sum up, it is comfortable and charming as much as a nice hotel suite would be. The double bed is a king size bed and is extremely comfortable. There is also big sofa where an extra person can easily sleep. You will also find a plasma large TV with DVD player. The kitchen is fully equipped, with all you need to cook ! (Microwave, a oven/grill, dishwasher, washing machine, a toaster, a refrigerator with freezer and more...) Bathroom: a spacious and nice marble bathroom with a bathtub or shower and sink A separated toilet. - AROUND YOU - The neighborhood is chic and sure and the building is also very safe thanks to th
6797	Adorable pied-à -terre , a ten minute walk from Montmartre and Pigalle , the Opera , the department stores and the Louvre, and especially at the corner of the Rue des Martyrs , one of the busiest streets Paris , with its shops, restaurants, renowned artisans ... This apartment of 25 m2 has a bedroom with a double real bed room, a living area with a sofa bed , a bathroom with shower, a separate toilet, a desk and a kichnette equipped. Recently renovated by an architect, and pleasantly furnished, it offers all lovers of Paris , a small nest full of charm in the attic , in the courtyard of a building typical of the 19th century . Staying here, you will discover one of the liveliest areas of Paris, every day of the year. The apartment is located 10 minutes walk from the Grands Boulevards and the hippest bars of the moment . The 5th floor without elevator, this quiet apartment is ideal for a couple or a couple with a child. 3 metro stations are within 500m :  Notre- Dame de Lorette, Pelleti	Adorable pied-à -terre , a ten minute walk from Montmartre and Pigalle , the Opera , the department stores and the Louvre, and especially at the corner of the Rue des Martyrs , one of the busiest streets Paris , with its shops, restaurants, renowned artisans ... This apartment of 25 m2 has a bedroom with a double real bed room, a living area with a sofa bed , a bathroom with shower, a separate toilet, a desk and a kichnette equipped. Recently renovated by an architect, and pleasantly furnished, it offers all lovers of Paris , a small nest full of charm in the attic , in the courtyard of a building typical of the 19th century . Staying here, you will discover one of the liveliest areas of Paris, every day of the year. The apartment is located 10 minutes walk from the Grands Boulevards and the hippest bars of the moment . The 5th floor without elevator, this quiet apartment is ideal for a couple or a couple with a child. 3 metro stations are within 500m :  Notre- Dame de Lorette, Pelleti
6798	Typique atelier d'artiste parisien de 50m2 à la décoration vintage chic, comprenant au rdc une grande pièce à vivre cosy et chaleureuse de 30m2. La cuisine est ouverte sur cet espace où se situe la salle à manger et le salon ( avec un canapé 3 places transformable en confortable lit).  L accès à l'étage se fait par un charmant escalier en colimaçon en bois. La chambre, très claire, donne sur l ensemble de l'atelier. La salle de bain, équipée d'une baignoire, jouxte la chambre et est également ouverte.  L'espace est très lumineux grâce aux larges baies ainsi que la verrière.  Pas d'inquiétude si vous venez en hiver, l'espace est très bien chauffé.  L'immeuble est gérée par une gardienne et est situé dans un quartier très animé avec de nombreux bars, restaurants et commerces ainsi que de nombreuses stations de bus et de velib. Il est desservi par deux lignes de métro.  L atelier garde cependant tout son calme et sa quiétude car il se situe dans une voie privée: la campagne à Paris!!  	La campagne à Paris: Atelier d artiste en duplex très lumineux au pied de Montmartre, salon salle à manger avec cuisine équipée au rdc plus chambre et salle de bain avec baignoire à l'étage. Situé dans voie privée très calme dans quartier animé très bien desservi par les transports  Typique atelier d'artiste parisien de 50m2 à la décoration vintage chic, comprenant au rdc une grande pièce à vivre cosy et chaleureuse de 30m2. La cuisine est ouverte sur cet espace où se situe la salle à manger et le salon ( avec un canapé 3 places transformable en confortable lit).  L accès à l'étage se fait par un charmant escalier en colimaçon en bois. La chambre, très claire, donne sur l ensemble de l'atelier. La salle de bain, équipée d'une baignoire, jouxte la chambre et est également ouverte.  L'espace est très lumineux grâce aux larges baies ainsi que la verrière.  Pas d'inquiétude si vous venez en hiver, l'espace est très bien chauffé.  L'immeuble est gérée par une gardienne et est situé dans un 
6799	Le but est que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous. Nous avons pris un plaisir certain à meubler  notre appartement l'an passé : il fait 60m2 Le bâtiment est typiquement parisien. Concernant l'appart : 1 grande chambre avec un lit double 1 seconde chambre avec un canapé convertible  Dans la grande pièce à vivre, le canapé est également convertible en lit double. (Mais franchement pas terrible) Nous laissons à la disposition de nos notes des serviettes de bains, les draps et couette, et sèche cheveux. A discrétion vous trouverez aussi du savon et du shampoing.	I can give you some tips for party, art exposition, concert, restaurants or food. All you need shops and markets nearby. Hello and welcome to our home! We will make sure that you feel comfortable and have a wonderful stay. Either in French, Spanish or English, please do not hesitate to ask anything to turn your visit into great souvenirs! Overall it’s a very personal and unique apartment with all the necessary items to make your trip to Paris a different one. We are not professional renters, and we are also learning with our guests the best way to host, and we are sure that there is always something to improve. Since we started this, over the past months we've added a lot of new things, suggestions from guests, and also new ideas . We are sure that you will like the place. But most of all, we are really interested that you come to love and enjoy Paris as we do.
6800		This beautiful apartment is ideally situated to visit the capital. In the famous street of the Martyrs, between the Opera, Montmartre and the moulin rouge! You'll find all the storekeepers that you need (butcher's shop, poissonerie..) Lovely place !
6801	The studio is located rue Jean-Baptiste Pigalle, which is a trendy street full of life but the studio is very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard. It is on the 3rd floor, with no lift. The studio is furnished with modern facilities and a personal decoration. I welcome you in my home, so you will enjoy every part of it. Should you wish to cook, the kitchen is fully equipped.	In the heart of Paris, in the trendy Pigalle district, you will find a lovely studio for two people, right between Montmartre and the Galerie Lafayette. I hope you will enjoy your stay at home, do not hesitate to contact me for any information ! The studio is located rue Jean-Baptiste Pigalle, which is a trendy street full of life but the studio is very quiet as it overlooks a courtyard. It is on the 3rd floor, with no lift. The studio is furnished with modern facilities and a personal decoration. I welcome you in my home, so you will enjoy every part of it. Should you wish to cook, the kitchen is fully equipped. Guests will have access to the whole apartment. I will do my utmost to ensure that you have everything you need. You will find a guest book with my favorites places in the neighborhood and advice for your stay. This apartment offers comfortable and quiet accommodation in the 9th district of Paris.  You are in the heart of Paris : Pigalle and its night clubs, Place Blanche and 
6802	Je vous propose un appartement en parfait état, complètement refait en 2014 et idéalement (website hidden) se situe aux galeries lafayettes,opéra. accès direct en bus de l'aéroport charles de gaulle. à 10 min de la madeleine et 15 min du louvre.	right in the center of paris the flat is brand new you will love to visit opera,vendome,louvre,madeleine,walking from this flat!! Je vous propose un appartement en parfait état, complètement refait en 2014 et idéalement (website hidden) se situe aux galeries lafayettes,opéra. accès direct en bus de l'aéroport charles de gaulle. à 10 min de la madeleine et 15 min du louvre. en plein coeur de paris,1 minutes des galeries lafayettes,10 minutes de la madeleine,3 minutes des grands boulevard,15 minutes  du louvre i propose you a flat close to opera,galeries lafayettes,all redone in 2015 close to madeleine and louvre restaurants dans tout le secteur!! métro chaussée d'antin ou trinité
6803		Nice and cosy 20sqm studio for up to 2 guests, in a private residence rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, between the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, with great subway access to the whole city! Entirely refurbished and fully equipped. Ground Floor
6804	Standard-Zimmer mit Doppelbett für 2 Personen, 24-Stunden-Rezeption • Telefon • Haartrockner • Bad & WC im Zimmer • Satelliten-TV • Flachbild-TV • Wecker  Andresse des Hotels: Hôtel Antin Saint-Georges 21, rue Notre Dame de Lorette 75009 Paris (website hidden) 	Standard-Zimmer mit Doppelbett für 2 Personen, 24-Stunden-Rezeption • Telefon • Haartrockner • Bad & WC im Zimmer • Satelliten-TV • Flachbild-TV • Wecker  Andresse des Hotels: Hôtel Antin Saint-Georges 21, rue Notre Dame de Lorette 75009 Paris (website hidden)  Das Hotel liegt nur 150m von Metrostation St.Georges entfernt. In wenigen 100m von Hotel findet man auch zahlreiche Restaurants und Cafés sowie Einkaufsmöglichkeiten. In der unmittelbaren Umgebung sind auch zahlreiche Sehenswürdigkeiten vorhanden wie Galeries Lafayette, Kabarett Folies Bergère, Veranstaltungssaal Casino de Paris, Musée Grévin (Wachsfigurenkabinett), Notre-Dame-de-Lorette, Dreifaltigkeitskirche La Trinité...  Metrostation St.Georges  Das Zimmer ist bereits gebucht vom (phone number hidden) Sie können aber auch ein anderes Datum buchen. Bitte prüfen Sie die Verfügbarkeit auf der Website des Hotels! Bitte Standard-Doppelzimmer mit 3 Übernachtungen im Anfrageformular eingeben! Ich werde den Zeitraum ensprechend ände
6805	Bibelots, tableaux, objets et livres d'art animent l'espace. C'est un lieu de vie imaginé par un artiste peintre, actif dans son atelier mitoyen. 	À 1 minute des grands boulevards. Loft de 40m2 avec 6 fenêtres sur cour arborée et calme. Entrée avec penderie, séjour avec canapé lit et cuisine ouverte. Chambre avec portes coulissantes sur séjour et salle d'eau séparée par un ilot dressing. Bibelots, tableaux, objets et livres d'art animent l'espace. C'est un lieu de vie imaginé par un artiste peintre, actif dans son atelier mitoyen. Entrée individuelle depuis un escalier sur cour commune. Si souhaité, l'artiste peintre peut rencontrer les voyageurs dans son atelier pour leur fournir d'avantage d'informations sur l'appartement et le quartier. Quartier animé avec beaucoup de restaurants, théâtres, grands magasins, cinémas, le musée Grévin, l'hôtel des ventes Drouot et les charmants passages couverts. A 10 minutes de l'Opéra Garnier. A 15 minutes du Centre Pompidou, du musée du Louvre, du Moulin Rouge et de Montmartre A 1 minute du métro Bonne Nouvelle et d'une station de Taxi sur le Boulevard. A 15 minutes des gares Saint Lazare, Gar
6806	Our flat is not an Haussmann style flat, it's more like a little loft with a high celling, exposed beams and waxed concrete floor. That's why it has a lot of character  We have a lot of space, thanks to our numerous storage unit.  It has been renovated recently. It is very luminous thanks to the south-west exposure, and also quiet. It has a lot of storage unit, and a dressing, that you can use. A double bed is located on the mezzanine, it give the impression to sleep in a cocoon. Bathroom with a shower and a bathtub. The toilet is separate from the bathroom. Fiting: Internet, hi-fi system, television, games console, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, kettle, vacuum cleaner, crockery, coffee machine	Hi! We are a young couple who fell in love for this studio-loft located in the heart of Paris in the 9th district. Bright, peaceful and spacious, it has a view on the rooftop of Paris and the Eiffel Tower (background) Our flat is not an Haussmann style flat, it's more like a little loft with a high celling, exposed beams and waxed concrete floor. That's why it has a lot of character  We have a lot of space, thanks to our numerous storage unit.  It has been renovated recently. It is very luminous thanks to the south-west exposure, and also quiet. It has a lot of storage unit, and a dressing, that you can use. A double bed is located on the mezzanine, it give the impression to sleep in a cocoon. Bathroom with a shower and a bathtub. The toilet is separate from the bathroom. Fiting: Internet, hi-fi system, television, games console, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, kettle, vacuum cleaner, crockery, coffee machine You will have access to all the flat, except a part of the mezz
6807	Charming studio on the hill of Montmartre Live like a true Parisian in your own home, quiet, in a sought after residential neighborhood Located in the courtyard of a very chic Haussmannian building    Available equipment:   The studio has just been renovated. It is located on ground floor of the courtyard of the building. No window overlooking the street which makes it quiet and safe. The studio has a kitchenette with electrical stove, refrigerator (with an ice compartment) (No washing machine but on the same block are a dry cleaning and a laundry), nesspresso machine (coffee not included) A lounge with a convertible sofa and a dining table with 2 chairs A bathroom with shower and toilet   Facilities and additional services: Bed linen and towels are provided Cleaning is done before and after your arrival by a professional housekeeper. fibre wifi very high speed/ 4G reception is good Electrical heating   Check in and check out:   i'm very flexible on that it depends only if there is som	Charming studio on the hill of Montmartre New Parisian Studio for 2 travelers. All new furnished. Located on ground floor 5 min walking to montmartre and Sacré coeur Area. Rich, Safe,  Quiet and Trendy area ! Charming studio on the hill of Montmartre Live like a true Parisian in your own home, quiet, in a sought after residential neighborhood Located in the courtyard of a very chic Haussmannian building    Available equipment:   The studio has just been renovated. It is located on ground floor of the courtyard of the building. No window overlooking the street which makes it quiet and safe. The studio has a kitchenette with electrical stove, refrigerator (with an ice compartment) (No washing machine but on the same block are a dry cleaning and a laundry), nesspresso machine (coffee not included) A lounge with a convertible sofa and a dining table with 2 chairs A bathroom with shower and toilet   Facilities and additional services: Bed linen and towels are provided Cleaning is done befor
6808		Studio de 20 mètres carrés Paris 9ème Au bas de Montmartre, proche métros, bus, et tous commerces Situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, Sans ascenseur, mais très clair une fois les escaliers grimpés, Avec 1 Velux sur ciel et 2 fenêtres sur cour!
6809	Logement calme et lumineux en plein coeur de Paris. 	Studio 25m2, lumineux proche sacré Coeur et moulin rouge. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Cuisine fonctionnelle. Lit deux places. Petit balcon fleuri. Appartement calme. Quartier vivant et branché, proche restaurants et bars. Logement calme et lumineux en plein coeur de Paris. Quartier vivant et central. Proche Moulin Rouge,  5 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, à deux pas des commerces, lieux de vie et de nuit. Métro Pigalle (Ligne 12 et 2) ou Blanche (Ligne 2)
6810	Renovated and comfortable studio for 2 people in the heart of Paris, at the foot of the Opera Garnier, Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). Rue de la Paix, place Vendôme (with famous jewelers and French luxury brands) and place de la Madeleine (known for its gastronomy: Ladurée, Pierre Hermé, Fauchon) are all very close by. The studio is an old maid room under the roof, which has been very recently renovated. It is small but comfortable and well furnished: internet with a fast speed Wifi connection, sofa bed for 2 people 140/190cm with a good quality mattress, air conditioning A/C, kitchenette (2 electric rings, microwave and convection oven, fridge / freezer, dishwasher, washing machine / dryer, flatiron and ironing board) and a bathroom (large shower, restroom, furniture and hair dryer). The apartment is located on the 5th and last floor without elevator, however the staircase is wide and accessible. I can also help you with your luggage without any problem. The building 	Renovated and comfortable studio for 2 people in the heart of Paris, at the foot of the Opera Garnier, Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). Rue de la Paix, place Vendôme and place de la Madeleine are all very close by. Renovated and comfortable studio for 2 people in the heart of Paris, at the foot of the Opera Garnier, Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps). Rue de la Paix, place Vendôme (with famous jewelers and French luxury brands) and place de la Madeleine (known for its gastronomy: Ladurée, Pierre Hermé, Fauchon) are all very close by. The studio is an old maid room under the roof, which has been very recently renovated. It is small but comfortable and well furnished: internet with a fast speed Wifi connection, sofa bed for 2 people 140/190cm with a good quality mattress, air conditioning A/C, kitchenette (2 electric rings, microwave and convection oven, fridge / freezer, dishwasher, washing machine / dryer, flatiron and ironing board) and a bathroom (large s
6811		Entièrement équipé, 2chambres séparées, Entrée , cuisine, sale de bain avec baignoire, WC. Un véritable chez soi en plein paris pour vos séjours professionnel et touristique Le meilleur accueil vous sera réservé .
6812		Je propose mon petit studio de 16 m2 avec un canapé lit 2 places très confortable, une kitchenette et une salle d'eau avec douche et WC. Quartier très agréable proche opera, galerie lafayette (grands magasin) et proche de la rue des martyrs.
6813	Studio of 15 m² mezzanine, bright, comfortable, modern and classic view on street, very clean, nine Equipment: Refrigerator, stove and microwave are new. Combined shower and toilet, closets and storage. WIFI. Towels and linen provided. Excellent location in the center of Paris, 5 minutes Walking from the Place de l'Opera, 10 minutes Walking from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur.  The area is ideal for going out day and night, close to many monuments, theaters, concert halls and department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Fashion Stores, etc..). Lively neighborhood, with supermarkets and shops nearby. 10 minutes Walking from the Gare Saint Lazare Metro, RER and bus less than 5 minutes. Extremely functional, the apartment is perfect for short stays of sightseeing or business in Paris (weekends, days, weeks) and longer stays of several weeks or months.	Studio of 15 m² mezzanine, bright, comfortable, modern and classic view on street, very clean, nine Equipment: Refrigerator, stove and microwave are new. Combined shower and toilet, closets and storage. WIFI. Towels and linen provided. Excellent location in the center of Paris, 5 minutes Walking from the Place de l'Opera, 10 minutes Walking from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur.  The area is ideal for going out day and night, close to many monuments, theaters, concert halls and department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, Fashion Stores, etc..). Lively neighborhood, with supermarkets and shops nearby. 10 minutes Walking from the Gare Saint Lazare Metro, RER and bus less than 5 minutes. Extremely functional, the apartment is perfect for short stays of sightseeing or business in Paris (weekends, days, weeks) and longer stays of several weeks or months.
6814	The apartment is located on the 5th floor. 2 The rooms are equipped with large TVs with unlimited internet, and (a high-tech musical equipment perfect for music lovers! The living room features a large sofa in white leather with a high gamma sleeping for 2 people. It opens onto a balcony. A cozy bar where you can have meals, separated from the kitchen, but also a folding table is available. The kitchen contains a particularly large double refrigerator, a dishwasher, a real oven, and microwave, The bedroom, very cozy, with a large bed, a large wardrobe, a dresser and a large TV. The bathroom is very luxurious, all marble, contains two sinks, a bathtub and a separate shower cabin. The toilets are separated The floor is covered with a beautiful parquet	Apartment, real jewel, luxuriously fitted out in a luxurious building in full center of Paris, completely air-conditioned, bright, quiet, suits perfectly for 4 people The apartment is located on the 5th floor. 2 The rooms are equipped with large TVs with unlimited internet, and (a high-tech musical equipment perfect for music lovers! The living room features a large sofa in white leather with a high gamma sleeping for 2 people. It opens onto a balcony. A cozy bar where you can have meals, separated from the kitchen, but also a folding table is available. The kitchen contains a particularly large double refrigerator, a dishwasher, a real oven, and microwave, The bedroom, very cozy, with a large bed, a large wardrobe, a dresser and a large TV. The bathroom is very luxurious, all marble, contains two sinks, a bathtub and a separate shower cabin. The toilets are separated The floor is covered with a beautiful parquet The apartment is close  famous department stores Galeries Lafayette on Bo
6815	In a tourist area, 3 minutes from the metro ANVERS, short-term rental or weekly. Which can accommodate 1 to 5 people (30m2). Haussmann building with code & intercom. The apartment is located on the ground floor of the quiet courtyard of the building. Ideally situated at the foot of Montmartre, Trudaines Avenue and mythical rue des Martyrs. Lively (restaurant, department store, bakery, market, shops, bar ...). The subway ANVERS takes you directly to the Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Palais des Congrès, Place Clichy, Parc Monceau, Nation, Pere Lachaise. Velib 'near. Cadet Metro Station serves the M7 line, and from here guests can reach the Louvre Museum within just 7 minutes. The surrounding area boasts a wealth of great restaurants, bars and shops for guests to enjoy. with: - Washing machine - Refrigerator / freezer - Microwave - Coffee Maker - Vacuum - Towels, bed linen duvet - Separate shower room & WC - Electric Heating - Separate toilets - Sofa bed big comfort 2 guest - WIFI Interne	Nestled in the northern part of central Paris is this warm and inviting apartment. Guests can enjoy the convenience of home comforts, such as free Wi-Fi, laundry facilities and a flat-screen TV. In a tourist area, 3 minutes from the metro ANVERS, short-term rental or weekly. Which can accommodate 1 to 5 people (30m2). Haussmann building with code & intercom. The apartment is located on the ground floor of the quiet courtyard of the building. Ideally situated at the foot of Montmartre, Trudaines Avenue and mythical rue des Martyrs. Lively (restaurant, department store, bakery, market, shops, bar ...). The subway ANVERS takes you directly to the Champs Elysees, Eiffel Tower, Palais des Congrès, Place Clichy, Parc Monceau, Nation, Pere Lachaise. Velib 'near. Cadet Metro Station serves the M7 line, and from here guests can reach the Louvre Museum within just 7 minutes. The surrounding area boasts a wealth of great restaurants, bars and shops for guests to enjoy. with: - Washing machine - R
6816	Sechoir a cheveux, fer a repasser,  draps et serviettes sont fournis, de + il y a un lavromatic juste en bas de l'immeuble	I'm renting a charming rooftop flat in montmartre. 6th floor/elevator with everything you need to enjoy your stay in Sopi(south Pigalle) I will be happy to give you all my tips in this very attractive area of Paris next to Opéra And Montmartre  Sechoir a cheveux, fer a repasser,  draps et serviettes sont fournis, de + il y a un lavromatic juste en bas de l'immeuble en metro, Pigalle est la plus pratique  mais aussi Trinité ou St George en RER A station Auber et il ya le Roissybus qui vous depose a Opera (10mns a pieds)ou metro il y a un parking payant un peu plus haut dans la rue mais pas dans l'immeuble
6817	The 3 charming and luxury guest rooms are located in the heart of Paris between the Butte Montmartre, the big stores, the Paris Opera and the covered passages and galleries leading to the Palais Royal and the Louvre. Ideally situated in the center of Paris near to 3 train stations (Gare de l’Est, Gare du Nord and Gare Saint Lazare) and close to the most beautiful momuments of the capital , that’s here an idyllic place for all visitors who want to discover or rediscover Paris hosted in a private parisian home. Located in an elegant apartment of a typical parisian building that was constructed in 1830, les3chambres are an invitation for many walks, cultural visits and for shopping. Metro and Veli’b stations are located within walking distance.	Luxury and charming B&B located in the center of Paris, between Montmartre and the Louvre via the covered passages, with an private ensuite bathroom and toilets decorated in shades of eggplant color and saffron yellow. The 3 charming and luxury guest rooms are located in the heart of Paris between the Butte Montmartre, the big stores, the Paris Opera and the covered passages and galleries leading to the Palais Royal and the Louvre. Ideally situated in the center of Paris near to 3 train stations (Gare de l’Est, Gare du Nord and Gare Saint Lazare) and close to the most beautiful momuments of the capital , that’s here an idyllic place for all visitors who want to discover or rediscover Paris hosted in a private parisian home. Located in an elegant apartment of a typical parisian building that was constructed in 1830, les3chambres are an invitation for many walks, cultural visits and for shopping. Metro and Veli’b stations are located within walking distance. You will have access to your 
6818	L'appartement est situé dans une belle rue du 9ème arrondissement dans le centre de Paris, bordée de beaux immeubles. Il est très clair, avec des fenêtres dans toutes les pièces (y compris dans la salle de bains) et des vues dégagées sur tout Paris : le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, la Tour Eiffel, la façade arrière de l'Opéra ; il est calme car tourné vers une belle cour intérieure et situé au 6è étage, sans vis-à-vis. Il est constitué d'une entrée, d'une cuisine tout équipée, d'une belle chambre avec un lit neuf de 200x160 et une armoire, d'un beau salon avec cheminée ancienne, canapé, fauteuil, belle table de repas ; une salle de bains avec double vasque et baignoire douche. Le sol est de parquet ancien. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion wifi. Cet appartement convient à des gens calmes et respectueux, désireux d'un lieu de séjour agréable et bien situé dans le centre de Paris, à proximité de l'Opéra et du Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, au centre des métros Liège (ligne 13), Place de Cl	L'appartement est situé dans une belle rue du 9ème arrondissement dans le centre de Paris, bordée de beaux immeubles. Il est très clair, avec des fenêtres dans toutes les pièces (y compris dans la salle de bains) et des vues dégagées sur tout Paris : le Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, la Tour Eiffel, la façade arrière de l'Opéra ; il est calme car tourné vers une belle cour intérieure et situé au 6è étage, sans vis-à-vis. Il est constitué d'une entrée, d'une cuisine tout équipée, d'une belle chambre avec un lit neuf de 200x160 et une armoire, d'un beau salon avec cheminée ancienne, canapé, fauteuil, belle table de repas ; une salle de bains avec double vasque et baignoire douche. Le sol est de parquet ancien. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion wifi. Cet appartement convient à des gens calmes et respectueux, désireux d'un lieu de séjour agréable et bien situé dans le centre de Paris, à proximité de l'Opéra et du Sacré Coeur de Montmartre, au centre des métros Liège (ligne 13), Place de Cl
6819	Typiquement parisien, lumineux, confortable, calme, l'appartement (68m2, au 4e étage avec ascenseur) est situé dans un bâtiment classé de 1850...Le plus: toutes les fenêtres donnent sur la rue des Martyrs, le ciel et une magnifique cour pavée avec des arbres et une pelouse ! 	Dans la rue la plus charming de Paris, appartement cozy, dans propriété du 19e siècle, avec vue sur des arbres centenaires. A 5mn du Sacré Coeur, ambiance village, petits restaurants, jolies boutiques, bistrots typiques...Unique !  Typiquement parisien, lumineux, confortable, calme, l'appartement (68m2, au 4e étage avec ascenseur) est situé dans un bâtiment classé de 1850...Le plus: toutes les fenêtres donnent sur la rue des Martyrs, le ciel et une magnifique cour pavée avec des arbres et une pelouse !  Vous pouvez profitez de tout l'appartement, dans le respect du règlement intérieur et de la tranquillité des voisins.  Je vous accueille moi-même, vous montre l'appartement et vous donne les clefs. J'habiterai dans un autre appartement de la propriété, je peux donc être très réactive en cas de besoin et serai joignable sur portable 24h sur 24.   Journaliste depuis 22 ans dans un grand magazine féminin, j'ai toujours de très bonnes adresses à donner (mode, déco, beauté etc.) Rebaptisé So
6820	Duplex apartment 5and 6th floor without elevator. 5th: bedroom with 2 single beds and a stork bed, shower room with WC. These are children's beds, but they are adult size.  6th large bright living room with views over the rooftops and Montmartre, sofa bed, kitchen opening onto a small terrace of 5m.  Double bed under the roof, dressing room, bathroom with separate wc and mezzanine. 	Duplex apartment 5and 6th floor without elevator. Large bright living room with views over the rooftops and Montmartre and a small terrace. Duplex apartment 5and 6th floor without elevator. 5th: bedroom with 2 single beds and a stork bed, shower room with WC. These are children's beds, but they are adult size.  6th large bright living room with views over the rooftops and Montmartre, sofa bed, kitchen opening onto a small terrace of 5m.  Double bed under the roof, dressing room, bathroom with separate wc and mezzanine.  The apartment is equipped with wifi, wii console, stereo, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher and other appliances. This is our main apartment you will find inside our business, books and CDs, games for children 7-11yrs. The apartment is located in a semi-pedestrian street with all kinds of shops.  Ideally located 5min walk from the Passage des Panoramas, Hard Rock Café and Grevin Museum, à15min the Royal Palace, the Louvre, the Opera Garnier and Pigalle and 20min of the
6821	"This is a large private room in a classic Parisian style apartment!  Located on the 2nd floor (3rd floor if you're from the U.S.), this space used to be the living room before being turned into a bedroom, so there are 2 large door/windows that open up to a balcony.  An excellent place to stay if you want the full ""living in Paris"" feeling. The apartment is shared with 2 other kind renters, one from Germany and the other from Uruguay. "	"1 private room available in a classic Parisian apartment in the trendy SoPi (South Pigalle) area.  Loads of great restaurants, bars and clubs as well as the Moulin Rouge and Sacre Coeur within minutes by foot.          This is a large private room in a classic Parisian style apartment!  Located on the 2nd floor (3rd floor if you're from the U.S.), this space used to be the living room before being turned into a bedroom, so there are 2 large door/windows that open up to a balcony.  An excellent place to stay if you want the full ""living in Paris"" feeling. The apartment is shared with 2 other kind renters, one from Germany and the other from Uruguay.  The guests have acces to a fully supplied kitchen, as well as bathroom and shower that is shared with the other renters.   Towels and shower amenities are provided. There is also a washer machine for your dirty laundry. I will not be present during your stay, however the other renters in the apartment will help you with anything you may nee"
6822	In the very center of Paris near Haussman / Opera, close to 5 different metro stations, numerous coach lines and free Paris' bikes, the flat offers you a very good location to explore Paris! All amenities in the neighborhood, and close to good and trendy nightlife in a very quiet street. Spacious and luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, nice furniture, typical parisian style with cheminées and mirrors! 3rd floor, unfortunately no elevator, but building truly charming. The flat has internet, cable TV, canal+, but no smoking and no parking.  1 bedroom with double bed, 1 bathroom, 1 equipped kitchen and a very nice living room with separate lounge and dinner places.   The room is wide, very quiet with window on court, an office, storage space. Double bed with excellent quality Dunlopillo mattress. Bathroom with tub and shower, recently repainted. Fully equipped kitchen with oven, toaster, food robot, steamer, microwave ...   Immerse yourself in the heart of Parisian life, and enjoy a qu	In the very center of Paris near Haussman / Opera, close to 5 different metro stations, numerous coach lines and free Paris' bikes, the flat offers you a very good location to explore Paris! All amenities in the neighborhood, and close to good and trendy nightlife in a very quiet street. Spacious and luminous, with moulding, wooden floor, nice furniture, typical parisian style with cheminées and mirrors! 3rd floor, unfortunately no elevator, but building truly charming. The flat has internet, cable TV, canal+, but no smoking and no parking.  1 bedroom with double bed, 1 bathroom, 1 equipped kitchen and a very nice living room with separate lounge and dinner places.   The room is wide, very quiet with window on court, an office, storage space. Double bed with excellent quality Dunlopillo mattress. Bathroom with tub and shower, recently repainted. Fully equipped kitchen with oven, toaster, food robot, steamer, microwave ...   Immerse yourself in the heart of Parisian life, and enjoy a qu
6823	Our place is a three bedrooms appartement that has just been refurbished in december 2014. Its situated  Rue Richer, on the first floor. It faces the street and the courtyard. Its a typical parisien appartment with sculpted moldings on the ceilings, fireplaces and renovated wooden floors. its about 105 meters sq.	You'll have your own cosy bedroom with its own shower and sink, and of course! a very confortable real bed in our 3 bedrooms appartement located in the Theater district near the OPERA HOUSE and the Galeries Lafayette. That's Central Paris! Our place is a three bedrooms appartement that has just been refurbished in december 2014. Its situated  Rue Richer, on the first floor. It faces the street and the courtyard. Its a typical parisien appartment with sculpted moldings on the ceilings, fireplaces and renovated wooden floors. its about 105 meters sq. Our appartment  just a friendly place! Guest are welcome stay in our living room to rest or read a book or interact with us. Our guests are welcome to ask us for any information they need, we are meanly at home in the morning and in the evening. Le LOUVRE museum, as the Opera House are at walking distance and you'll find plenty of restaurants, bars and trendy shops around the corner in our safe neighborhood.  Our district has 5 subway lines 
6824		1-pièce très central, à coté de Montmartre, Gare du Nord et Grands Boulevards. Rénové, très calme avec vue jardin pouvant loger 2-3 personnes.  
6825	An ideally situated apartment, right in the heart of Paris, in Montmartre quarter, very close to the Sacre Coeur. Completely renovated, this apartment of 35 m2 offers you all the comfort and conveniences that any tourist may expect during his stay in Paris. The apartment is situated on the third floor of a very quiet building. It has two rooms:  The living room with a comfortable sofa bed (140 x 200), TV with all the cable channels (Free), a convertible coffee table that you may use for your meals when converted, a stereo, free WI-FI. The open kitchen (American style) is fully equipped with oven, microwave, fridge with freezer compartment, washing machine, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, ceramic hob ....) The separate bedroom has a comfortable new bed (140 X 200) and lockers. Supplied sheets. Cot on request. A shower room with toilet offers as well all the needed comfort (hair dryer, towels ...) Parquet floor in the living room and the bedroom. The apartment is located in an inner cou	An ideally situated apartment, right in the heart of Paris, in Montmartre quarter, very close to the Sacre Coeur. Completely renovated, this apartment of 35 m2 offers you all the comfort and conveniences that any tourist may expect during his stay in Paris. The apartment is situated on the third floor of a very quiet building. It has two rooms:  The living room with a comfortable sofa bed (140 x 200), TV with all the cable channels (Free), a convertible coffee table that you may use for your meals when converted, a stereo, free WI-FI. The open kitchen (American style) is fully equipped with oven, microwave, fridge with freezer compartment, washing machine, toaster, kettle, coffee machine, ceramic hob ....) The separate bedroom has a comfortable new bed (140 X 200) and lockers. Supplied sheets. Cot on request. A shower room with toilet offers as well all the needed comfort (hair dryer, towels ...) Parquet floor in the living room and the bedroom. The apartment is located in an inner cou
6826	It is a ground floor apartment to rent in Paris, in a typical Paris stone building. Bright and very quiet apartment, thanks to its double exposition overlooking two courtyards. 100 sqm2. rental apartment in Paris with one large living / dining room under a bright veranda. There are also 2 large bedrooms with a fireplace (one King size bed, one queen size bed), a large bathroom with a bathtub and a second bathroom with a walk-in shower. In the living room the sofa is convertible into a king size bed. The kitchen is exceptionally large for Paris and fully furnished. You will find that this Paris apartment is truly charming, convenient for its location and so is the perfect apartment to rent for discovering Paris.	This Paris apartment is truly charming, convenient for its location and is the perfect apartment to rent for discovering Paris. In the middle of the artistic area, near theatres and cafes. Sleeps six people. It is a ground floor apartment to rent in Paris, in a typical Paris stone building. Bright and very quiet apartment, thanks to its double exposition overlooking two courtyards. 100 sqm2. rental apartment in Paris with one large living / dining room under a bright veranda. There are also 2 large bedrooms with a fireplace (one King size bed, one queen size bed), a large bathroom with a bathtub and a second bathroom with a walk-in shower. In the living room the sofa is convertible into a king size bed. The kitchen is exceptionally large for Paris and fully furnished. You will find that this Paris apartment is truly charming, convenient for its location and so is the perfect apartment to rent for discovering Paris. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay availab
6827	Studio très calme, au premier étage, donnant sur une petite terrasse privée et accessible. Refait à neuf en 2012, il est équipé d'un grand lit (160) avec literie neuve, où vous aurez plaisir à vous reposer après avoir goûté à l'animation du quartier.	Studio très calme, au premier étage, donnant sur une petite terrasse privée et accessible. Refait à neuf en 2012, il est équipé d'un grand lit (160) avec literie neuve, où vous aurez plaisir à vous reposer après avoir goûté à l'animation du quartier. Le Sacré Cœur, la place du Tertre et ses peintres sont à moins d'un quart à pied, en passant par des petites rues typiques. A deux pas du studio, bonnes boulangeries, supermarchés ouverts tard le soir, nombreux cafés et restaurants toutes saveurs et toutes gammes de prix. Shopping tout proche, nombreux magasins ouverts le dimanche. Cinémas, théâtres, boîtes de nuit… Journaliste, je me ferai un plaisir de vous détailler mes meilleures adresses et de composer avec vous un circuit adapté à vos désirs (spécial enfants, culturel, littéraire, insolite, incontournable…) en vous conseillant sur les meilleurs moyens de transports. Si vous le souhaitez, ma fille étudiante pourra vous accompagner ou garder vos enfants (service payant). Nous parlons t
6828	"I am the owner of a flat in Montmartre, located ""Rue Rodier"" in the 09th arrondissement (Metro : Anvers),  in a 19th century walk up building. The flat is on the first (no lift) and last floor of a 'small house' in the courtyard of a typical Parisian building. It is quiet and full of light.  It can sleep 3 people.  The neighborhood is safe and full of shops, restaurants, and bars. The apartment is  - a few minute walk from Montmatre and the famous church : Le Sacre Coeur - a few minute walk from the Opera district (Garnier Opera and The Lafayette and Le Printemps department store)  This apartment is equipped with a living room, a kitchen,  a mezzanine, a bathroom with WC, unlimited high speed internet access, cable TV.  The living room is sunny, it has 1 double glassed windows on the roof and 2 double glassed window facing courtyard. It is furnished with : sofa trundle bed for 1 people, dining table for 4 people, phone, cable, TV, wardrobe, hard wooden floor.  The open kitchen is equip"	"I am the owner of a flat in Montmartre, located ""Rue Rodier"" in the 09th arrondissement (Metro : Anvers),  in a 19th century walk up building. The flat is on the first (no lift) and last floor of a 'small house' in the courtyard of a typical Parisian building. It is quiet and full of light.  It can sleep 3 people.  The neighborhood is safe and full of shops, restaurants, and bars. The apartment is  - a few minute walk from Montmatre and the famous church : Le Sacre Coeur - a few minute walk from the Opera district (Garnier Opera and The Lafayette and Le Printemps department store)  This apartment is equipped with a living room, a kitchen,  a mezzanine, a bathroom with WC, unlimited high speed internet access, cable TV.  The living room is sunny, it has 1 double glassed windows on the roof and 2 double glassed window facing courtyard. It is furnished with : sofa trundle bed for 1 people, dining table for 4 people, phone, cable, TV, wardrobe, hard wooden floor.  The open kitchen is equip"
6829		stylish studio, bright and full equiped with a double bed for up two people maximum, bathroom, kitchen, gated residence, in a quiet street near a lively and trendy area. Three metro stations nearby. Montmartre and Opera are fifteen minutes by walk.
6830	Calm and comfortable room on the last floor in a residential and living neighborhood.	Charming cosy clear and calm room for 2 people. Very well situated near Montmartre, the Opera and the Grands boulevards in the center of the 9th district. Last floor with view over the Paris roofs. Calm and comfortable room on the last floor in a residential and living neighborhood. Easy and direct contact through email and mobile phone. I will be in Paris and available during your stay. If you want, it will be a pleasure to give you ideas for your visits aswell as varied practical tips. The ninth Paris district is particularly varied, you can find museums (Musée de la Vie romantique, Musée Gustave Moreau), many theatres (Théâtre de Paris, Casino de Paris, Théâtre du Mogador), department stores (Printemps, Galeries Lafayette) and varied modern shops. The room is very well situated: BUS : lines 74, 67 and 68 (to central Paris) METRO : lines 2 and 12 TRAIN : Saint-Lazare train station (15 min walking distance) and Gare du Nord (10 min by metro)
6831	Apparental beams, courtyard, parisian building and THE perfect and quite location are our qualities. Plus, the apartment is well decorating, with our own stuff like a real parisian appartment (not as a location apartment) and every body feel good at our home!	Really cosy apartment in the best neighborhood ever ! You have the most fabulous restaurants and theaters (Folies Bergères, Musée Grévin...) just near by and the flat is just perfect for 2/3 people ! And we are very good guides of Paris!    Apparental beams, courtyard, parisian building and THE perfect and quite location are our qualities. Plus, the apartment is well decorating, with our own stuff like a real parisian appartment (not as a location apartment) and every body feel good at our home! We are very welcoming people and we really want to help you to see the best of Paris. We can't interact so much (we'll be in another country during your stay) but we'll let you our personnalised guide and good tips ! It's a really dynamic neighborhood thanks to the theaters, restaurants and pubs near by but our small street is really calm, in a hausmannian building.  You can go to the Louvre or Notre Dame or Sacré Coeur by walking  (20min max) or you have 4 metro's line around. It's really in t
6832	Typically quarter. Many frenchy bars and restaurants.  Opéra, Louvre and Sacré Coeur Montmartre for 10 minutes walking or subway.	Room just above the flat of the properties. Independent access. Quiet, cosy.  Typically quarter. Many frenchy bars and restaurants.  Opéra, Louvre and Sacré Coeur Montmartre for 10 minutes walking or subway.
6833	 Nice room in a shared apartment, charming and very well located. The apartment is 40 square meters: there are two rooms, one is occupied by Chloe, my roommate. There is a common lounge, a small fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a small tub. We leave all our stuff, and you will experience the time of your stay in Paris with our objects and our personal decoration :) We live in a very very charming living area (cafes, restaurants, shops, museums ...) 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Grands Boulevards. The apartment is very quiet, bright, charming, overlooking a beautiful courtyard. unlimited wifi and television. For more information, do not hesitate to contact me! 	 Nice room in a shared apartment, charming and very well located. The apartment is 40 square meters: there are two rooms, one is occupied by Chloe, my roommate. There is a common lounge, a small fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a small tub. We leave all our stuff, and you will experience the time of your stay in Paris with our objects and our personal decoration :) We live in a very very charming living area (cafes, restaurants, shops, museums ...) 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Grands Boulevards. The apartment is very quiet, bright, charming, overlooking a beautiful courtyard. unlimited wifi and television. For more information, do not hesitate to contact me! 
6834	Lovely room in a 2 bedrooms flat in the heart of Paris, perfectly located in a nice, cosy and lively neighborhood. I'm an art student, welcome!  Typical parisian flat : wooden floors, freshness and cleanness, on the 2nd floor of an Haussmanian building. Maximum intimacy : rooms are separated by the living room.  Travellers have access to common parts : living room, kitchen (fully equiped), tropical bathroom and obviously toilets.  Brunch definitely is a possibility, along with exhibition and going out kind of advice or go for a drink or a tea... Or intimacy if you prefer.  Location is perfect for moving through paris (metro lines 7, 12, 8, 9), many shops and restaurants, french bakeries, and bars and clubs, but also nice parks.  The flat is 15 min by foot from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), but also from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette, or the Canal St Martin.  Also you will find many bus lines.  Enjoy! // Charmant appart 3 pièces au cœur de Paris, idéalement situé à proximité de plusieurs sta	We rent a room in a beautiful appartment in a super lively neighbourhood in the 9ème Arr. of Paris.  
6835	Il est unique car bien situé, confortable et pas très cher.	Ce petit studio sous les toits est confortable et plein de charme (poutres apparentes). Il possède une mezzanine pour dormir, ce qui lui permet d'avoir une pièce de vie indépendante. Il se situe à un emplacement idéal, entre Montmartre et Opéra. Il est unique car bien situé, confortable et pas très cher. 3 lignes de metro toute proche. Quartier entre Montmartre et Opera, présence de nombreux commerces, bars et théâtres. De nombreuses lignes de métro sont proches : 3, 7, 8, 9, 12 et 13 5 ème étage sans ascenseur.
6836		Dans une rue calme du quartier branché de SoPi, cet appartement d’architecte peut accueillir deux personnes, trois sur demande. Terrasse aménagée de 20m2 et prestations de qualités. Le quartier est jeune et animé, restos, marché bio, bars, musées...
6837	Very spacious Haussmannian apartment (~100 square meters) with a very spacious bedroom facing the quiet residence, offering a very comfy king size bed.  The living room facing the Grands Boulevard will be the perfect place to relax while looking at parisians pass by quietly (you won't hear a thing, thanks to a double double window we just installed). The kitchen is fully furnished with a brand new american fridge and Miele washer/dryer.	A very spacious and quiet apartment with great amenities in the heart of Opera and the Grands Boulevards.  The neighborhood is beautiful during the day and offer a great nightlife as well. Walking distance to the Louvres, the Opera Garnier, Republique, rue Montorgueuil, Chatele, you're surrounded by tasty restaurants an trendy places to have drinks The place offers spacious a living room and bedroom with a king size bed and chimney, a fully furnished kitchen (Miele washer/dryer) and bathroom. Very spacious Haussmannian apartment (~100 square meters) with a very spacious bedroom facing the quiet residence, offering a very comfy king size bed.  The living room facing the Grands Boulevard will be the perfect place to relax while looking at parisians pass by quietly (you won't hear a thing, thanks to a double double window we just installed). The kitchen is fully furnished with a brand new american fridge and Miele washer/dryer. You will have access to the bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and li
6838	"Great one bedroom apartment in a very well maintened building. Perfectly suited for one person or a couple. Charming atmosphere, close to all kinds of shops and nice cafes. Located in a very central area, between Montmartre and Opera, walking distance from the ""grands boulevards"". Clean, modern with  a large livingroom, a bedroom (very quiet), separate kitchen (with dishwasher), separate toilets, new bathroom with tub. Wireless internet (but no TV!). Bedlinen and towels are provided. "	"Great one bedroom apartment in a very well maintened building. Perfectly suited for one person or a couple. Charming atmosphere, close to all kinds of shops and nice cafes. Located in a very central area, between Montmartre and Opera, walking distance from the ""grands boulevards"". Clean, modern with  a large livingroom, a bedroom (very quiet), separate kitchen (with dishwasher), separate toilets, new bathroom with tub. Wireless internet (but no TV!). Bedlinen and towels are provided. It's very easy to come to my place and very convenient to visit and enjoy Paris. Plenty of subway stations : Anvers (sacre-coeur), Notre-Dame de Lorette, Cadet (line 7, line 12, line 2, line 4), 10 minutes walk from the Gare du Nord, Grands Boulevards (metro line 8 and 9), Velib (bike you can rent in Paris if you have a credit card with a chip), bus 85 : just walk out the door! Gare Saint Lazare, from you can go to Versailles Castle, Deauville... is 2 stops away.  Plenty of bars and restaurants in the stre"
6839		Beautiful 2-story loft perfectly situated near Madeleine and Opéra with two rooms, two bathrooms and a very spacious living room. 2 minutes walk from major metro lines and 5 minutes away from the Louvre and the Champs-Elysées. You'll love it :) 
6840	"Its surface is 44 m2. Double Exposure: North room / lounge for South 5 Large windows (2 in bedroom, 2 in living room, one in the kitchen) SOUND double glazing throughout. The apartment is very quiet, bright and sunny. It gives off the lounge onto a courtyard (the view passes over a building) and the other on the place Gustave Toudouze. This place is busy but very easy to protect noise: there are two double windows, each double glazing. It was designed with fine materials. The decor is neat. Comfort has been thought of down to the smallest details. High-speed Internet phone free on all fixed and portable French, and to 56 destinations. Electric heating controlled by two thermostats. Sheets, bath robes, towels, tablecloths provided A sliding wall thickness can be derived, thus separating the living room. The district: The apartment is located in the heart of the 9th, in the Saint Georges, known as the ""New Athens"" district from the 19th century, inhabited at that time by an intellectual "	"Its surface is 44 m2. Double Exposure: North room / lounge for South 5 Large windows (2 in bedroom, 2 in living room, one in the kitchen) SOUND double glazing throughout. The apartment is very quiet, bright and sunny. It gives off the lounge onto a courtyard (the view passes over a building) and the other on the place Gustave Toudouze. This place is busy but very easy to protect noise: there are two double windows, each double glazing. It was designed with fine materials. The decor is neat. Comfort has been thought of down to the smallest details. High-speed Internet phone free on all fixed and portable French, and to 56 destinations. Electric heating controlled by two thermostats. Sheets, bath robes, towels, tablecloths provided A sliding wall thickness can be derived, thus separating the living room. The district: The apartment is located in the heart of the 9th, in the Saint Georges, known as the ""New Athens"" district from the 19th century, inhabited at that time by an intellectual "
6841	This large apartement has wooden floors and classical Parisian architecture. The room has closet space as well as space in the desk for personal items The living room, dining room kitchen and bathroom are available to use especially with the convinience of having some of the best store for fresh produce and artisinal products just down the street.	Beautiful room in a charming typical Parisian apartment. A large, comfortable bed and antique desk in the room for your use. There is a big window overlooking the  courtyard. You have access to a large living space as well as kitchen and bathroom. This large apartement has wooden floors and classical Parisian architecture. The room has closet space as well as space in the desk for personal items The living room, dining room kitchen and bathroom are available to use especially with the convinience of having some of the best store for fresh produce and artisinal products just down the street. Just south of Pigalle and Montmarte, less than a five minute walk from both. This apartment is located in a great part of the 9th arrondissement of Paris, just off Rue Des Martyrs which is full of great restaurants and places to buy fresh produce. On Friday afternoon there is an open air market just up the street at Anvers. Less than a ten minute walk from metro stops: Cadet on line 7, Anvers on lin
6842		Au coeur de Paris, proche de Montmartre, un studio cosy dans un quartier populaire et vivant : restaurants, jardins, proche du (website hidden), WiFi, lave linge, cuisine équipée. Ascenseur et digicode
6843		njour,  Nous vous accueillons dans un studio à Pigalle, il convient pour 3. Son grand avantage est sa position géographique dans Paris. Hi,  We are happy to welcome you in a Studio in Pigalle, it's a 3 person studio in the center of Paris.
6844	This apartment has a terrific location, right next to the Gare St. Lazare, a busy commercial district during the day, but calm and quiet at night.  The room is large, over 20 m2, with great morning and evening light through windows east and west and, as it is on an upper floor, the light floods in not blocked by neighboring buildings. Double windows on street for quiet when you want it, and on an inner courtyard.  The place has a newly renovated kitchen, bath, hardwood floors.  There are radiators in every room, a nice bathtub, gas stove.  No mailboxes or interphones.  The concierge delivers the mail in the mornings.  So, the place is private in the old school Parisian way.  The daughter of the guy who owns the whole building lives in the building so it is well kept up.	Sunny room the size of a studio - St. Lazare/Opera.  Light/airy quiet (4th floor). Newly renovated kitchen/bath and hardwood floors.  Fully furnished with fully equipped kitchen.  Great neighborhood for transport, central but not touristic... This apartment has a terrific location, right next to the Gare St. Lazare, a busy commercial district during the day, but calm and quiet at night.  The room is large, over 20 m2, with great morning and evening light through windows east and west and, as it is on an upper floor, the light floods in not blocked by neighboring buildings. Double windows on street for quiet when you want it, and on an inner courtyard.  The place has a newly renovated kitchen, bath, hardwood floors.  There are radiators in every room, a nice bathtub, gas stove.  No mailboxes or interphones.  The concierge delivers the mail in the mornings.  So, the place is private in the old school Parisian way.  The daughter of the guy who owns the whole building lives in the building
6845	This apartment of 25 m², is located rue du Faubourg Poissonniere in the 10th arrondissement (limit 9th arrondissement) on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful 19th century building without elevator and it sleeps 4 people. Very quiet, bright and comfortable. It is conveniently located (close to the Sacre Coeur, the Opera, and the center of Paris). The nearest metro station is Metro Poissoniere. This apartment is equipped with: washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building without elevator is equipped with: security code. Possibility of parking nearby. Rate is for two people. provide additional 10 euros for another person FOR DAY. a deposit of 250 euros is required. 	This apartment of 25 m², is located rue du Faubourg Poissonniere in the 10th arrondissement (limit 9th arrondissement) on the 5th floor (no elevator) of a beautiful 19th century building without elevator and it sleeps 4 people. Very quiet, bright and comfortable. It is conveniently located (close to the Sacre Coeur, the Opera, and the center of Paris). The nearest metro station is Metro Poissoniere. This apartment is equipped with: washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building without elevator is equipped with: security code. Possibility of parking nearby. Rate is for two people. provide additional 10 euros for another person FOR DAY. a deposit of 250 euros is required. 
6846	Beautiful Parisian apartment, very light and spacious (approx. 1,000 sqft) with wood floors throughout, working chimney, mirrors, crown moldings and large soundproof windows in every room! Double living space (living room and dining room), kitchen, bathroom and seperate restroom (WC), walking closet and two seperate bedrooms. • Located in the 9th District, close to metros Blanche, Pigalle & Place de Clichy (lines 2, 12 & 13). Easy access (10mn) to gares du Nord; de l'Est & Saint-Lazare. Walking distance to the Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier, as well as Montmarte! You can see the Moulin Rouge from the window! • The apartment is on the 4th floor (w/o elevator), fully furnished, with WiFi, washing machine, concierge. The bedroom for rent is very spacious and bright (approx. 250 sqft).  • Address: rue Pierre Fontaine, 75009 • Non-smoking! I have lived in Paris all my life, I will be thrilled to help you discover this beautiful city as a true Parisian by giving you the best addres	This is a spacious bedroom in a large typical Parisian apartment in the center of the  trendy 9th district. Beautiful Parisian apartment, very light and spacious (approx. 1,000 sqft) with wood floors throughout, working chimney, mirrors, crown moldings and large soundproof windows in every room! Double living space (living room and dining room), kitchen, bathroom and seperate restroom (WC), walking closet and two seperate bedrooms. • Located in the 9th District, close to metros Blanche, Pigalle & Place de Clichy (lines 2, 12 & 13). Easy access (10mn) to gares du Nord; de l'Est & Saint-Lazare. Walking distance to the Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier, as well as Montmarte! You can see the Moulin Rouge from the window! • The apartment is on the 4th floor (w/o elevator), fully furnished, with WiFi, washing machine, concierge. The bedroom for rent is very spacious and bright (approx. 250 sqft).  • Address: rue Pierre Fontaine, 75009 • Non-smoking! I have lived in Paris all my life, 
6847	Comfortable 14 sqm independent guest room with a real mattress sofa bed looking over the quiet courtyard, in a spacious and nicely furnished 80 sqm apartment: large living room, dining room, retro bathroom with a tub, well-equipped kitchen	Located in the sought-after area of rue des Martyrs with its tasty restaurants and stores, 2 steps away from Montmartre, Opera and department stores, spacious and comfortable apartment with fine furnishing. Ideal for a taste of parisian life! Comfortable 14 sqm independent guest room with a real mattress sofa bed looking over the quiet courtyard, in a spacious and nicely furnished 80 sqm apartment: large living room, dining room, retro bathroom with a tub, well-equipped kitchen Access to the whole apartment and equipment : wifi, TV & Sound, dish washer, washing machine. Access to the bathroom through the main bedroom (but I wake up very early in the morning...), independent toilets. Living in Paris for 25 year and in the neighborhood for 8 years, I can help you find the adresses which match your taste. If you want, I can also make myself available in evenings and week-(website hidden) Georges, SoPi, rue des Martyrs : the neighborhood for those your like live performance, fashion and fo
6848		This appartement is very near the Gare du Nord (5-7 mn by foot) and also near some metro stations lines. So the situation is very practical.  It's on the 5th floor, with an elevator.
6849	In middle of paris ,really calm and close to everything.	2 rooms flat in middle of paris.  close to irish pubs,hard rock café,theatre,rex disco club,restaurant,bars. you rent the all living room,with a double bed,the kitchen,and the mezzanine with a double bed.U 'll share the flat with a nice couple 28 . In middle of paris ,really calm and close to everything. the living room with mezzanine ,the kitchen,bathroom,shower,internet 100 mega,washing mashine. the couple Pierre frensh, fluent English and his English girlfriend will leave u in peace ...they stay in their own room when their are in the flat. But you can ask advice for going out... everything close... METRO GRAND BOULVARD at 15 MNS From north train station,to the euro star to London...
6850	** 40 m² (430 sqf) Authentic & cosy parisian apartment (entire) with great sun light exposure ideal for 2 guests (1 couple) located in the very heart of the Paris, between Montmartre and the Opera house.  ** It is composed as follows : > 1 very sunny bedroom: comfortable king size (140x190 cm) bed, dressing, window view on a quiet street & rooftops, en-suite bathroom with shower. > 1 spacious living-room with a fully furnished open kitchen : 2 windows, small sofa, TV & free wifi, 4 people dinning table, fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher, 4 induction plates, multi function oven, very large fridge & freezer, kettle, toaster). > Cupboards in hall for clothes & shoes > Separate toilets, vacuum cleaner, and washing machine ** The apartment is just steps away from great restaurants, bars, and nearby to sites such as Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette & Printemps shopping stores, Opera House. You can also retire from the hustle of city life in the lovely Montholon square, a few mete	** 40 m² (430 sqf) Authentic & cosy parisian apartment (entire) with great sun light exposure ideal for 2 guests (1 couple) located in the very heart of the Paris, between Montmartre and the Opera house.  ** It is composed as follows : > 1 very sunny bedroom: comfortable king size (140x190 cm) bed, dressing, window view on a quiet street & rooftops, en-suite bathroom with shower. > 1 spacious living-room with a fully furnished open kitchen : 2 windows, small sofa, TV & free wifi, 4 people dinning table, fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher, 4 induction plates, multi function oven, very large fridge & freezer, kettle, toaster). > Cupboards in hall for clothes & shoes > Separate toilets, vacuum cleaner, and washing machine ** The apartment is just steps away from great restaurants, bars, and nearby to sites such as Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette & Printemps shopping stores, Opera House. You can also retire from the hustle of city life in the lovely Montholon square, a few mete
6851	"QUIET STREET FAR FROM TRAFIC,WELL LOCATED.  LARGE LIVING ROOM and open kitchen  AND 1 ROOM With 1 KINGSIZE BED (2 p)  and in the Living room :  1 SOFA BED (2 p)+ 1 bed (1p) FANTASTIC AND ROMANTIC VIEW on the superbe ""Maison Bourgeoise""with big lovely garden where""VICTOR HUGO"" used to visit his conquest...you can hear birds singing in the trees who changes the color according the season..."	"Very Quiet and bright apartment 50m2 for 5p.(3 Beddings)spacious living-room with Garden View in a trendy  close to many little nice shops, Food, DESIGNERS ,GALERIES, Vintage shops. Tasty and GASTRONOMIC Restaurants just down the street. QUIET STREET FAR FROM TRAFIC,WELL LOCATED.  LARGE LIVING ROOM and open kitchen  AND 1 ROOM With 1 KINGSIZE BED (2 p)  and in the Living room :  1 SOFA BED (2 p)+ 1 bed (1p) FANTASTIC AND ROMANTIC VIEW on the superbe ""Maison Bourgeoise""with big lovely garden where""VICTOR HUGO"" used to visit his conquest...you can hear birds singing in the trees who changes the color according the season... DIGICODE-INTERCOM-2nd Floor-INTERNET FREE ACCES. You can find all the inquieries about What to do in PARIS in the apartment . YOU CAN JOIN ME ALL THE TIME DAY AND NIGHT. QUARTER QUIET NIGHT AND DAY , the street CITÉ CHARLES GODON is a little and lovely Old-street  , with many children's school all around. It's a family neighbourg with many Artist-studios, and director"
6852		Private double room in a big apartment to share with two nice students at the 5th floor right in front of the Sacre Coeur.  It's in the middle of Monmartre, great neighborhood full of restaurants and bars.  Metro: Anvers (line 2)
6853	Clair et calme, dans une petite voie privée piétonnière proche de la rue des Martyrs et du square d'Anvers, notre appartement se situe à 2 pas de Montmartre, dans le quartier branché du SoPi (South of Pigalle). Il est au 1er étage sans ascenseur, d'un petit immeuble de 6 étages construit en 1896. Il se compose de : - une cuisine ouverte sur un belle pièce à vivre de 27m2, avec moulures et cheminée, espaces salle à manger et salon. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire avec congélateur, d'un four, d'une machine à laver le linge et d'une table avec chaises de bar.  - une chambre de 13m2 avec un lit double king size (160x200cm), un grand placard avec penderie dont une partie vous sera réservée et d'un vélo elliptique - une salle de bains avec baignoire, toilettes, sèche-serviettes et machine à laver le linge. ************* Clear and calm , in a small private pedestrian street near the Rue des Martyrs et the square d'Anvers, our apartment is at 5mn walking from Montmartre, in the trendy S	Dans voie privée piétonnière typique très calme proche Rue des Martyrs, à 5mn à pied de Montmartre (M°Anvers), appart 58m2 idéal 1 pers ou couple. Cuisine ouverte sur belle pièce à vivre de 27m2 avec moulures et cheminée, chambre avec lit double. Clair et calme, dans une petite voie privée piétonnière proche de la rue des Martyrs et du square d'Anvers, notre appartement se situe à 2 pas de Montmartre, dans le quartier branché du SoPi (South of Pigalle). Il est au 1er étage sans ascenseur, d'un petit immeuble de 6 étages construit en 1896. Il se compose de : - une cuisine ouverte sur un belle pièce à vivre de 27m2, avec moulures et cheminée, espaces salle à manger et salon. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigidaire avec congélateur, d'un four, d'une machine à laver le linge et d'une table avec chaises de bar.  - une chambre de 13m2 avec un lit double king size (160x200cm), un grand placard avec penderie dont une partie vous sera réservée et d'un vélo elliptique - une salle de bains avec ba
6854	on the 3rd floor of a small building, this 40m2 apartment has been completely renovated. Very nice and functional, open kitchen to the living room allows guests to enjoy the living room. The sleeping area consists of a bedroom with canopy, a dressing room and a bathroom offering high quality services will be perfect for your stay in Paris.	This lovely apartment has just been fully renovated. Ideally located in a lively and very nice street, it is close to many attractions (Opera, department stores, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge ...) on the 3rd floor of a small building, this 40m2 apartment has been completely renovated. Very nice and functional, open kitchen to the living room allows guests to enjoy the living room. The sleeping area consists of a bedroom with canopy, a dressing room and a bathroom offering high quality services will be perfect for your stay in Paris. Travelers have access to kitchen facilities (hob, fan oven, large fridge / freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer We love to talk with travelers, give them tips of the neighborhood and Paris in general. Street Rochechouart is a very lively street. Nearby: bars, restaurants, grocery stores, supermarkets, convenience stores, shops ... Culture is not left since the Montmartre district is only fifteen minutes walk. The Cadet metro line 7 is 2 minutes walk from 
6855	Rent a nice flat renewed in Paris Montmartre (vacation rentals) YOU rent it for our OWN private stay! LATE check-in/ EARLY check-out are possible and free GROUND FLOOR IN A SAFE AND QUIET COURTYARD 1br - 270ft² - Short-Term Rental in Romantic Montmartre, Paris (Paris Montmartre) Rent a cozy flat renewed with the french old-fashioned touch in a charming neighborhood at Paris Montmartre  1 small bedroom (bed linen included), 1 living-room with a sofa-bed, kitchen (with dish washer) and a kitchen table for saving money sometimes (instead of spending 50$/lunch/person in paris restaurant), bathroom with shower (towels included), washing machine, hair dryer, toilets, little desk.  25m² (270sq ft) secured door Can accomodate up to 4 people The comforts of a hotel: towels, sheets, wifi With the warmth and privacy of home.  NO EXTRA FEE rue marcadet 75018 Paris, France On the ground floor in a safe and quiet courtyard of a typical Parisian residence JUST FEW BLOCKS FROM SACRE COEUR CHURCH IN MO	Bel appartement rénové et confortable dans une résidence typique et au calme Rent a nice flat renewed in Paris Montmartre (vacation rentals) YOU rent it for our OWN private stay! LATE check-in/ EARLY check-out are possible and free GROUND FLOOR IN A SAFE AND QUIET COURTYARD 1br - 270ft² - Short-Term Rental in Romantic Montmartre, Paris (Paris Montmartre) Rent a cozy flat renewed with the french old-fashioned touch in a charming neighborhood at Paris Montmartre  1 small bedroom (bed linen included), 1 living-room with a sofa-bed, kitchen (with dish washer) and a kitchen table for saving money sometimes (instead of spending 50$/lunch/person in paris restaurant), bathroom with shower (towels included), washing machine, hair dryer, toilets, little desk.  25m² (270sq ft) secured door Can accomodate up to 4 people The comforts of a hotel: towels, sheets, wifi With the warmth and privacy of home.  NO EXTRA FEE rue marcadet 75018 Paris, France On the ground floor in a safe and quiet courtyard 
6856	La situation géographique est un réel atout, situé en plein coeur de Pigalle, dans ce quartier très vivant et notamment réputé pour sa vie nocturne, le rez de chaussée sur cours est très appréciable et offre la possibilité d'être au calme !	La situation géographique est un réel atout, situé en plein coeur de Pigalle, dans ce quartier très vivant et notamment réputé pour sa vie nocturne, le rez de chaussée sur cours est très appréciable et offre la possibilité d'être au calme ! Vous aurez accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement (cafetière nespresso, bouilloire, lave vaisselle et lave linge ...) Sauf cas exceptionnel, je vous accueillerai personnellement et je serai joignable par téléphone et par mail Le quartier offre de multiples possibilités : -tourisme et visites : à 5mn de la butte Montmartre, à 100m du célèbre Moulin Rouge, proche du quartier de l'Opéra  -shopping à 10mn à pied des Grands Magasins   -détente avec de nombreux restaurants, bars,  thêatres,salles de spectacle et cinémas (5mn du Pathé Wepler) -proximité de la rue des martyrs, rue réputée en magasins de bouche, nombreuses boulangeries, boucheries, épiceries fines et bio. Proche des commerces de première neccesité :  laverie, pressing, alimentation, b
6857	This apartment is located in the upper side of the 10th district of Paris. You are very close to Montmartre. Historically, this area was an artist’s district. Painters, dancers and writers lived there. The impressive Sacre Coeur Basilica is nearby, and in Place du Tertre you will still find poetry, several artists and typical restaurants. Also in this location is the famous Moulin rouge. In this area you find plenty of restaurants, cafés and typical boutiques. It’s a perfect place to discover Paris. And if it’s night life you seek, you’ll find it in the Pigalle district. Very well served by metro, you can reach all the areas of Paris very easily from this location. This apartment offers comfortable and quiet accommodation in the heart of Paris.  The living room with open kitchen has a dining table and a sofa. There is also free internet wifi, a flat screen TV and a Wii. The kitchen has a washing machine, a combination microwave oven, a fridge, a toaster, an electric kettle for coffee a	Cosy apartment ideally located in the heart of Paris, near Montmartre & Moulin Rouge and 5 min from Gare du Nord (Eurostar access and direct link to CDG airport) &15 min from Gare de l'Est. It's the perfect flat for a romantic journey in Paris ! This apartment is located in the upper side of the 10th district of Paris. You are very close to Montmartre. Historically, this area was an artist’s district. Painters, dancers and writers lived there. The impressive Sacre Coeur Basilica is nearby, and in Place du Tertre you will still find poetry, several artists and typical restaurants. Also in this location is the famous Moulin rouge. In this area you find plenty of restaurants, cafés and typical boutiques. It’s a perfect place to discover Paris. And if it’s night life you seek, you’ll find it in the Pigalle district. Very well served by metro, you can reach all the areas of Paris very easily from this location. This apartment offers comfortable and quiet accommodation in the heart of Paris.
6858	Logement tout juste refait à neuf très fonctionnel, nombreux rangements. Ventilateurs électriques. Parquet au sol, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle,  four combiné micro-ondes,  tv, internet wifi, douche spacieuse, double vitrage aux fenêtres, équipement bébé ( lit parapluie,  baignoire,  chaise haute).  L'appartement donne sur une rue calme et sur une cour. Notre appartement est situé au calme dans un quartier magique pour découvrir Paris ! Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous en plein coeur de Paris. Vous pouvez aller au Louvre à pied situé tout près !	Trois pièces tout neuf 50 m2 parfaitement équipé en plein coeur de Paris à 100 mètres de la Madeleine et des grands magasins dans quartier prestigieux. Très calme, lumineux, 5e étage ascenseur. Beau parquet, très bonne literie deux chambres Bon canapé convertible dans salon Logement tout juste refait à neuf très fonctionnel, nombreux rangements. Ventilateurs électriques. Parquet au sol, lave-linge séchant, lave-vaisselle,  four combiné micro-ondes,  tv, internet wifi, douche spacieuse, double vitrage aux fenêtres, équipement bébé ( lit parapluie,  baignoire,  chaise haute).  L'appartement donne sur une rue calme et sur une cour. Notre appartement est situé au calme dans un quartier magique pour découvrir Paris ! Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous en plein coeur de Paris. Vous pouvez aller au Louvre à pied situé tout près ! Logement entier Présents au départ et à l'arrivée ou notre représentant Quartier prestigieux entre les Grands magasins, l'Opéra, la Madeleine, le Louvre, les Tuile
6859	On the top floor, facing Notre Dame de Lorette church and with a view on parisian roofs, it is a perfect spot for couple who want to make the most of Paris and have a very romantic appartment with their own terrace.	In the heart of Paris, at the bottom of Montmartre and less than 10 minutes from many key places of Paris (Galeries Lafayette, Opera, Saint Lazare, Grands Boulevards) our appartement is a lovely place with a huge terrace (25 m2), facing south.
6860	"Appartement idéal pour les séjours de courte durée, il est équipé comme un hôtel en mieux, bien agencé et climatisé, celui-ci est bien entretenu pour votre confort. Il est situé en plein centre de Paris : Opéra, Madeleine, Bourse, Grands Boulevards.... Apartment ideal for short stays , it is equipped as a hotel and better , well appointed and air-conditioned , it is well maintained for your comfort. It is located in the center of Paris : Opéra, Madeleine , Bourse, Grands Boulevards .... Metro station "" Richelieu - Drouot"""	"Charmant petit deux pièces entierement rénové, climatisé et très bien agencé à votre disposition en plein centre de Paris dans un quartier priviligié entre Bourse, Opéra et Madeleine. Immeuble de 300 ans classé ""Monument Historique Appartement idéal pour les séjours de courte durée, il est équipé comme un hôtel en mieux, bien agencé et climatisé, celui-ci est bien entretenu pour votre confort. Il est situé en plein centre de Paris : Opéra, Madeleine, Bourse, Grands Boulevards.... Apartment ideal for short stays , it is equipped as a hotel and better , well appointed and air-conditioned , it is well maintained for your comfort. It is located in the center of Paris : Opéra, Madeleine , Bourse, Grands Boulevards .... Metro station "" Richelieu - Drouot"" A l'appartement entier. Dès votre arrivée, je serai présent sur place pour vous acceuillir et vous remettre les clés. Upon arrival, I will be there to welcome you and give you the keys. Charming small two-room fully renovated, air condition"
6861	This charming apartment lies just 5 minutes walk from the Gare du Nord, Sacre Coeur and Pigalle. It’s located on a quiet street in the trendy and chic 9th arrondissement. Avenue Trudaine and Rue des Martyrs are on the doorstep, with their collection of lively, local restaurants, bars and cafes, gorgeous boutiques, vintage shops and independent food shops from heaven (Rose Bakery, Hotel Amour, Corso, Le Carmen, KB Cafeshop, Le Pantruche). We’ve compiled a list of our favourite local hangouts to help you make the most of your stay in this delightful neighbourhood. The apartment is full of life and colour. With high ceilings, original coving, fireplaces, wooden floors and stylish decor you’ll hopefully feel as cosy and Parisian as it makes us feel. It’s clean and very comfortable, yet it’s a LIVED-IN apartment with it’s own quirks and uniqueness (including a few scuffs and scratches it's picked up over the years, and a few walls could do with a lick of paint where it's peeling a bit, whic	This charming and spacious apartment 5min walk from Montmartre and Gare du Nord on a quiet street in the hip area of the 9eme. With three rooms it can accommodate 6 people. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and corner bath.  This charming apartment lies just 5 minutes walk from the Gare du Nord, Sacre Coeur and Pigalle. It’s located on a quiet street in the trendy and chic 9th arrondissement. Avenue Trudaine and Rue des Martyrs are on the doorstep, with their collection of lively, local restaurants, bars and cafes, gorgeous boutiques, vintage shops and independent food shops from heaven (Rose Bakery, Hotel Amour, Corso, Le Carmen, KB Cafeshop, Le Pantruche). We’ve compiled a list of our favourite local hangouts to help you make the most of your stay in this delightful neighbourhood. The apartment is full of life and colour. With high ceilings, original coving, fireplaces, wooden floors and stylish decor you’ll hopefully feel as cosy and Parisian as it makes us feel. It’s clean and very co
6862	it s a typich parisien appartment with many decorative things and furniture coming from brittany . Large bed for two persons. it s very calm. Foreigners are welcome	Stay in my lovely appartment very close from Montmartre(5 mn),  very easy to come from the airport(5mn from Gare du Nord) The apartment,  includes a beautiful dining room,a large bedroom, bathroom, kitchen completely furnished, ,wifi, TV and smile:) it s a typich parisien appartment with many decorative things and furniture coming from brittany . Large bed for two persons. it s very calm. Foreigners are welcome I will be present to meet you , to give you the key, to advice you . During the day , i won t be at the appartment. So you will be an acces to all the appartment. The night , i will sleep in the dining room. I have a very good feedback of my last booking. i answer to your request very quickly!!check my stat ;) I use whats app Montmartre is very close, many restaurants and bar very good situation in paris with 3 subways lines 2, 4, 7  and one RER line at 5 minutes   I love my appartment and hope to host you quickly I m a serieus and confident guy Feel free to contact me for more 
6863	17m2 studio in the center of paris, quiet and close to all transportation. Studio de 17m2 au centre de paris , quartier tranquille et proche de tous les transports.	Charming Studio of 17 m2, very well located in the 09 th arrondissement (Metro Cadet and Grands Boulevards), in the center of Paris and with all the services, restaurants, metro ect ...  Free wifi. Charmant Studio de 17 m2 , très bien situé dans le 09 ième arrondissement (Metro Cadet ou Grands Boulevards) , près du centre de Paris et près de tous les services , restaurants , métro ect... Wifi internet . 17m2 studio in the center of paris, quiet and close to all transportation. Studio de 17m2 au centre de paris , quartier tranquille et proche de tous les transports. Metro Cadet ou Grand boulevard.
6864	It's a beautiful apartment in the 9 district of Paris.  Near Pigalle/ Montmartre/ Opéra/ Grands Magasins. Near Subways line 12/2/9 ; Velib (city bikes) / Taxis  55 M 2 at the second floor, bright place with very big windows, lovely balcony and a parquet flooring. The main space is a 33m² living room, a open kitchen equipped and one bedroom with a large bed (160 cm). The living space is comprised of a full size sofa bed, dining area, table and chairs. Your private bathroom consists of a bathtub, sink and toilets. For your added comfort wifi, tv, dvd, ipod speakers are available. Towels and linen (first day) are provided. Enjoy your stay! I rent this appartment when i'm out of town, so please have a look at the calendar just to make sure if it is available before contacting me. If you don't know Paris: it's a very central location: perfect start for your long discovery days of the city of lights!	It's a beautiful apartment in the 9 district of Paris.  Near Pigalle/ Montmartre/ Opéra/ Grands Magasins. Near Subways line 12/2/9 ; Velib (city bikes) / Taxis  55 M 2 at the second floor, bright place with very big windows, lovely balcony and a parquet flooring. The main space is a 33m² living room, a open kitchen equipped and one bedroom with a large bed (160 cm). The living space is comprised of a full size sofa bed, dining area, table and chairs. Your private bathroom consists of a bathtub, sink and toilets. For your added comfort wifi, tv, dvd, ipod speakers are available. Towels and linen (first day) are provided. Enjoy your stay! I rent this appartment when i'm out of town, so please have a look at the calendar just to make sure if it is available before contacting me. If you don't know Paris: it's a very central location: perfect start for your long discovery days of the city of lights!
6865	Merci de laisser le logement tel que vous le trouvez à votre arrivée, c'est-à-dire : ne pas dégrader la chambre. Eviter les nuisances sonores trop bruyantes en jour de semaine.	Merci de laisser le logement tel que vous le trouvez à votre arrivée, c'est-à-dire : ne pas dégrader la chambre. Eviter les nuisances sonores trop bruyantes en jour de semaine. Pour accéder à la chambre située au 6ème étage de de l'immeuble, on passe par un ascenseur puis l'accès à la chambre est direct. Nous sommes disponibles à tout moment en cas de besoin. Placé au centre ville, l'immeuble se trouve à deux pas des restaurants et des boutiques. Inutile de prendre la voiture pour se déplacer : tout est à proximité et accessible à pieds. Le logement est aussi à proximité de la gare RER (Gare du Nord) ainsi que du Métro et des bus.
6866	"Loft on the ground floor, composed of one big bedroom of 15m2, one main room of 30 m2, with an open cuisine fully furnished, one large table in wood for dinners, a living room + one bathroom. Great location and perfect ""Pied à terre"" for a romantic week end in Paris!   I can welcome 2 people (a couple), or a couple with one kid if you have an extra bed for him. There is a very positive energy in the flat, much light and it is very quiet. However, it is only 1 minute walk from the shopping and restaurants well known street ""Rue des martyrs"", and only 5 minutes walk away from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur.  I love the place I live in and would be happy to make people find a  nice place to stay in Paris while I m discovering the rest the world! "	"I rent a charming Parisian loft of 52 m2, on the ground floor, in the deep center of Paris, in the 9th area, ""rue des Martyrs"" 5 minutes away walk from Pigalle and Montmartre.  Loft on the ground floor, composed of one big bedroom of 15m2, one main room of 30 m2, with an open cuisine fully furnished, one large table in wood for dinners, a living room + one bathroom. Great location and perfect ""Pied à terre"" for a romantic week end in Paris!   I can welcome 2 people (a couple), or a couple with one kid if you have an extra bed for him. There is a very positive energy in the flat, much light and it is very quiet. However, it is only 1 minute walk from the shopping and restaurants well known street ""Rue des martyrs"", and only 5 minutes walk away from Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur.  I love the place I live in and would be happy to make people find a  nice place to stay in Paris while I m discovering the rest the world! Notre Dame de Lorette metro/or Pigalle/or Cadet/Pelletier. Very easy a"
6867	Typical Parisian apartment for rental, cozy furnished 4 room, 93m2, in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, the Theatre district, Grands Boulevards, Opera, Department stores 10 minutes walk. Features: 2 Bedrooms (2 double beds), double living room, entrance hall, fitted kitchen, bathroom and shower, Internet, TV ... perfectly located in the heart of Paris. Many restaurants and theaters nearby. Location Paris downtown, subway, bus, near the Gares du Nord, East and St. Lazare. 	Typical Parisian apartment for rental, cozy furnished 4 room, 93m2, in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, the Theatre district, Grands Boulevards, Opera, Department stores 10 minutes walk. Features: 2 Bedrooms (2 double beds), double living room, entrance hall, fitted kitchen, bathroom and shower, Internet, TV ... perfectly located in the heart of Paris. Many restaurants and theaters nearby. Location Paris downtown, subway, bus, near the Gares du Nord, East and St. Lazare. 
6868	Its fantastic location. its configuration on 2 floors. Its ability to accommodate large groups (up to 13).  (on 55 square meters so be aware that if you are 12 or 13 people it would feel more like camping).  PLEASE WE HAVE BEEN HAVING ISSUE WITH NOISY TENANTS!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BE QUIET AND RESPECTFUL OF NEIGHBORS	Comfortable Clean Safe Loft Air Conditioned Newly Remodeled-OPERA-VENDOME Fantastic Location. Air Conditionned, Home Comfort, Sleeps Up To 12 People ( 1 large bed, 2 2 people foldable couches, 3 foam matresses (4 people), and 3 inflatable mattresses. Its fantastic location. its configuration on 2 floors. Its ability to accommodate large groups (up to 13).  (on 55 square meters so be aware that if you are 12 or 13 people it would feel more like camping).  PLEASE WE HAVE BEEN HAVING ISSUE WITH NOISY TENANTS!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BE QUIET AND RESPECTFUL OF NEIGHBORS the whole apartment,equipped kitchen with pots pans etc, towels and linens. Lets coordinate for your arrival. Please let us know yoour exact arrival time so we can be there when you arrive.  Please call us if you have any delays or changes so we don t wait for nothing!! Regular check in time is 2pm and check out time is 11am. However when the place is available before or after we can be flexible. When you arrive in Paris jus
6869	3 bedrooms with double beds (one with a mezzanine) Flat is 5 mn away from Montmartre, very quiet though located in the very active 9th arrondissement. Last floor, 3 balconies with great view on Montmartre and view on the center of Paris Fully renovated 2 years ago Fully equiped 2 bathrooms 	3 bedrooms (one with a mezzanine) with 3 double beds +  beds for small children Flat is 5 mn from Montmartre.  6th (and last) floor with 3 balconies. Located in the 9th arrondissement but very quiet!! Fully renovated 2 years ago. 2 bathrooms    3 bedrooms with double beds (one with a mezzanine) Flat is 5 mn away from Montmartre, very quiet though located in the very active 9th arrondissement. Last floor, 3 balconies with great view on Montmartre and view on the center of Paris Fully renovated 2 years ago Fully equiped 2 bathrooms Less than 5 mn away from Gare du Nord (very convenient from/to the airports or to catch any train in Paris. Multiple subway (email hidden) walk. We had to cancel a reservation once as my wife suffered from a serious condition when waiting our second child. We helped the guests find another flat. 
6870	Large Balcony at the last floor with an incredible view. 	In one of the most trendy and lively street of Paris, Rue des martyrs, a big appartement of 1500 sq ft, 3 bedrooms, and 2 bathrooms.  As you can see from the photographs, this is a home, it is not designed for the sole purpose to rent.  Large Balcony at the last floor with an incredible view. 
6871		Logez au cœur du quartier des Abbesses, proche de la fameuse rue Lepic, à 1 minute du Moulin Rouge dans ce studio baigné de lumière, refait à neuf et tout équipé. L'espace y est optimisé et la décoration sobre et contemporaine. Si vous voulez venir à 4, le même studio est à louer à l'étage du dessous ; pratique pour venir entre amis ou avec des ados. Vous voyagez ensembles, tout en gardant une certaine intimité.
6872		Very practical and cosy studio of 17 m2  well-located (next to Rue des Martyrs, close to a handful of cafes and shops) on a small and quiet street.  Well-organized and comfortable. Internet wifi. Ideal for couple !
6873	The ground floor has an open floor plan, with a combined living room/kitchen  and a bedroom with its own sliding door to the courtyard. The first floor (2nd floor in American English) has three bedrooms, one of which have double beds. The first floor also has a living room and two bathrooms. The second floor has the master bedroom with a double bed and gives out onto a terrace.  The loft is set back from the street, and therefore almost no noise can be heard from the courtyard. 	The loft is 3 stories of 160 m2, with floor-to-ceiling windows looking out onto a private courtyard of 80 m2, shared with another family. It was formerly a printing house, and is a combination of early 20th century and contemporary architecture. The ground floor has an open floor plan, with a combined living room/kitchen  and a bedroom with its own sliding door to the courtyard. The first floor (2nd floor in American English) has three bedrooms, one of which have double beds. The first floor also has a living room and two bathrooms. The second floor has the master bedroom with a double bed and gives out onto a terrace.  The loft is set back from the street, and therefore almost no noise can be heard from the courtyard. All the loft except a small dressing The neigbours across the courtyard will be there The neighborhood is residential, with several excellent restaurant choices, and there are several supermarkets and cafés nearby. The apartment is a short walk from the infamous Grands B
6874	"QUALITY: Ralph Lauren Towels & sheets and  DESIGN furnitures in a  Spacious Studio ( Prouvé table , Mathieu wall-lamp, Le Corbusier window, white-washed wall-floor, Marimekko curtains...) in the heart of Paris. All is walking distance!   Organic materials ( Farrow & Ball walls, classe A refregirator, non toxic wall floor...) overlooking one of the most charming courtyard of the 9th( Georges Sand's house, atelier d'artiste, 4 private gardens). Chopin, Renoir Victor Hugo and François Truffaut area. Ipod speakers. High speed Internet. Paris Bikes (Velib') in the street. very peaceful, birds singing...   In the heart of the trendy and alive 9th (rue des Martyrs, le ""quartier des Romantiques""): just nearby Hotel Amour, Rose Bakery organic restaurant, Delmontel best baguette of Paris, amazing Spring restaurant.... Montmartre: 10 minutes walking, Amelie Poulain area, Les Abesses, Romantic life museum, Chopin 's house, Van Gogh, Renoir 's houses nearby, Nijinsky ballroom, Francois Truffaut's a"	"QUALITY: Ralph Lauren Towels & sheets and  DESIGN furnitures in a  Spacious Studio ( Prouvé table , Mathieu wall-lamp, Le Corbusier window, white-washed wall-floor, Marimekko curtains...) in the heart of Paris. All is walking distance!   Organic materials ( Farrow & Ball walls, classe A refregirator, non toxic wall floor...) overlooking one of the most charming courtyard of the 9th( Georges Sand's house, atelier d'artiste, 4 private gardens). Chopin, Renoir Victor Hugo and François Truffaut area. Ipod speakers. High speed Internet. Paris Bikes (Velib') in the street. very peaceful, birds singing...   In the heart of the trendy and alive 9th (rue des Martyrs, le ""quartier des Romantiques""): just nearby Hotel Amour, Rose Bakery organic restaurant, Delmontel best baguette of Paris, amazing Spring restaurant.... Montmartre: 10 minutes walking, Amelie Poulain area, Les Abesses, Romantic life museum, Chopin 's house, Van Gogh, Renoir 's houses nearby, Nijinsky ballroom, Francois Truffaut's a"
6875	"Enjoy your Parisian stay completely in this nice apartment near Montmartre and the lively street ""rue des Martyrs"". Located on the 4th floor with elevator, you will there find everything you need for your comfort: A room on the courtyard side for two people with a double bed and a big walk in closet, as well as a fan.  A cosy living room with a TV and Wifi. A kitchen fully equiped with a bar, an induction stove, micro-wave, a Nespresso machine, a kettle, a toaster and a dishwasher. A bathroom with a shower and a loo. This apartment is waiting for you!"	"Enjoy your Parisian stay completely in this nice apartment near Montmartre and the lively street ""rue des Martyrs"". Located on the 4th floor with elevator, you will there find everything you need for your comfort: A room on the courtyard side for two people with a double bed and a big walk in closet, as well as a fan.  A cosy living room with a TV and Wifi. A kitchen fully equiped with a bar, an induction stove, micro-wave, a Nespresso machine, a kettle, a toaster and a dishwasher. A bathroom with a shower and a loo. This apartment is waiting for you!"
6876	The bedroom and its private bathroom take part in a typical familial haussmannian apartment (180 m2) in the centre of Pigalle.  The bedroom is 14 m2 and the bed's dimensions are 140x200. Coffee/tea machine in the bedroom.	The bedroom and its private bathroom take part in a spacious
6877		Studio mezzanine de 23m2, situé à deux pas de la gare Saint-Lazare, des Galeries Lafayette et du Printemps. Lumineux et aéré.
6878	Very practical studio with all comfort, close to the most famous sites of Paris, in a calm street. Surface : 33 m². Ground floor.	"Charming apartment in Paris 9th district close to Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Sacré Cœur, Opera..  15 mn far from the Champs Elysées metro station ""place de Clichy"" at 50 meters (lignes 2 and 13) Very practical studio with all comfort, close to the most famous sites of Paris, in a calm street. Surface : 33 m². Ground floor. You can contact me anytime for further details.  Hope to see you soon Quiet street located close to Place de Clichy and the Moulin Rouge.  Many bars, shops, restaurants and night clubs nearby Train station Place de Clichy located at 50 meters (lignes 2 and 13) easy to reach airports and main districts in the heart of Paris"
6879	Bright, functional and design you will feel at home! The studio is very pleasant and just renovated. Located on the 5th floor, you can enjoy sunshine all day long! The building is very quiet. You will not hear any noise even with the windows ouvertes.L'immeuble is very quiet and protected by a code. In a 28m² surface, it consists of a lounge / kitchen, a bathroom and a sleeping area with a real bed for 2, which is separated from the living room by a spacious couch. You will find every comfort! The kitchen is fully equipped with washer machine, small oven, induction hob. The bathroom is small but practical, shower gel and towels will be provided. The studio is also equipped with WiFi. There are numerous trade nearby: bakeries, greengrocers, creamers, pharmacies, restaurants, caterers, supermarkets ...	Lovely Large Studio renovated and bright in the heart of 9th district. It's a beautiful historic building in a quiet street, with lots of french restaurants and facilities, nearby Pigalle/Moulin Rouge/Montmartre/Opera/Grands Boulevards. Enjoy Paris ! Bright, functional and design you will feel at home! The studio is very pleasant and just renovated. Located on the 5th floor, you can enjoy sunshine all day long! The building is very quiet. You will not hear any noise even with the windows ouvertes.L'immeuble is very quiet and protected by a code. In a 28m² surface, it consists of a lounge / kitchen, a bathroom and a sleeping area with a real bed for 2, which is separated from the living room by a spacious couch. You will find every comfort! The kitchen is fully equipped with washer machine, small oven, induction hob. The bathroom is small but practical, shower gel and towels will be provided. The studio is also equipped with WiFi. There are numerous trade nearby: bakeries, greengrocers,
6880		Maison XIXe à l'arrière d'un immeuble dans une cour avec des arbres dans un cartier central de Paris. Une partie de la maison a été rénovée, l'autre parti est plus ancienne, mais élégante.
6881	The kitchen: it is situated next to the entry and has an oven, water boiler, coffee pot, two electric cooktops, fridge, toaster and all you need to cook your french meals! The living room: this is the place where you will feel the artistic atmosphere created by the big paintings on the wall from the owner. You will find two chairs to watch the TV, a transformable table for 4 people, wifi and a closet. The sleeping room: you will find a 140x200 bed, a bedside table and a hifi system. The bathroom: it has a shower, a washbasin with mirror and a toilet.	In the ninth district with its grands boulevards, boutiques and multicultural spots, this little apartment will be your cocoon. Having been decorated by an artist, you will be surprised by its practicality and its flair... The kitchen: it is situated next to the entry and has an oven, water boiler, coffee pot, two electric cooktops, fridge, toaster and all you need to cook your french meals! The living room: this is the place where you will feel the artistic atmosphere created by the big paintings on the wall from the owner. You will find two chairs to watch the TV, a transformable table for 4 people, wifi and a closet. The sleeping room: you will find a 140x200 bed, a bedside table and a hifi system. The bathroom: it has a shower, a washbasin with mirror and a toilet. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available via phone and email. Opéra Garnier, Folie Bergère, Grands Boulevards, Montmartre, place de la Madeleine, Bourse, ... Metro service 7 station Cadet, service 3 a
6882		Charmant Studio de 25m² à deux pas de Notre Dame de Lorette
6883		Located between Pigalle and Montmartre, We're happy to host you for the first time in our lovely 55m2 You will fall in love with the neighborhood (restaurants, pub, typical french market...) Metro stations next to the street (Anvers, Cadet)
6884		Large classic Hausmanian building, 125 sq. meters, with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large living room with marble fireplace, decorative mouldings, parquet floor. Completely refurnished in 2013 . Lots of nice restaurants around. 50m from rue des martyrs. Access to entire appartment I will meet personally the different if I am in Paris at that time. I have plenty of books and recommendations/tips for food shopping visits others, let me know in advance what you are looking for, I can help customize your stay Very nice and safe place to live in Paris. Lots of foodshops and restaurants around. Montmartre is 10 minutes walk or 3 metro stations. Opera is 10 minutes walk. Very easy to reach all areas in Paris as it is right in the center of the town. Lots of buses and metro around. Opera 10 minutes walk. Gare du nord train station  15 minutes walk. Saint lazare train station I don't have a tv, only a beamer for videos. Je parle français. Parlo Italiano. I speak english. I can deutsch verstanden (
6885	Hi Everyone, We would be really happy to welcome you into our lovely, spacious studio which is ideally situated near to Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps: 200m) and Opera as well as being very close to the popular areas of Pigalle and Montmatre. The apartment is fully furnished and consists of a large room with a sofabed, a large kitchen and a beautiful en-suite bathroom. It is on the 5th floor (with lift) of a classic Haussmann style building. This clean, light and spacious apartment is the perfect place for you stay during your visit. You can discover Paris and all it has to offer whilst having somewhere comfortable and relaxing to come back to at the end of the day. Do not hesitate to ask any questions regarding the flat, the city, or anything else, we would be very happy to help you ! Julie & Alex 	Hi Everyone, We would be really happy to welcome you into our lovely, spacious studio which is ideally situated near to Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps: 200m) and Opera as well as being very close to the popular areas of Pigalle and Montmatre. The apartment is fully furnished and consists of a large room with a sofabed, a large kitchen and a beautiful en-suite bathroom. It is on the 5th floor (with lift) of a classic Haussmann style building. This clean, light and spacious apartment is the perfect place for you stay during your visit. You can discover Paris and all it has to offer whilst having somewhere comfortable and relaxing to come back to at the end of the day. Do not hesitate to ask any questions regarding the flat, the city, or anything else, we would be very happy to help you ! Julie & Alex 
6886	Build around a terrace, living rooms with high ceilings give the impression of being in a house.  It comprises  2 rooms with 140x200 cm beds,  1 living room with sofa bed (130X190cm)  1 bathroom with shower  1 kitchen-dining room (23 M2). The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, hob, dishwasher, microwave ...  Bed linen and towels are provided. Shampoo and soap as well. The apartment is on the first floor (no lift)	Halfway between the Opera and Montmartre, typical Haussmann apartment of 70 m2 with terrace of 18 m2.  The apartment is very quiet but close to shops, restaurants and department stores. Build around a terrace, living rooms with high ceilings give the impression of being in a house.  It comprises  2 rooms with 140x200 cm beds,  1 living room with sofa bed (130X190cm)  1 bathroom with shower  1 kitchen-dining room (23 M2). The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, hob, dishwasher, microwave ...  Bed linen and towels are provided. Shampoo and soap as well. The apartment is on the first floor (no lift) Guests have access to the entire apartment except for a few closets The apartment is the ideal place to enjoy Paris on foot: 800 m from the Opera and department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps) 800 m, 600 m from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur and the districts of Montmartre and Abbesses.  Next to the apartment rue des Martyrs offers a multitude of shops and a supermarket. The apartm
6887	Located at the 6th and top floor of a typical mid 19th century building, the apartment has an elevator and is 150m2. It includes a big living room with an open kitchen, a master suite with bathroom and toilets, two kid rooms with their own bathroom and toilet; a mezzanine. The mezzanine is used for TV and also features a convertible sofa if an extra room is needed. Despite being in the heart of Paris, the flat is extremely quiet and very light and sunny thanks to its 11 windows and 4 roof windows. It has a unique 360° roof top view and a secret view on Montmartre from the mezzanine! The 4.50m high ceiling in the living room is will make you feel as if you were in a big house, on the roofs. The kitchen is fully equipped; we also have a washing machine and a tumble dryer, high speed Internet and TV. Our loft was fully renovated in March 2013. It took several months of work with an amazing architect and a team of builders. Passionate by architecture and decoration, we've been very involve	Located at the 6th and top floor of a typical mid 19th century building, the apartment has an elevator and is 150m2. It includes a big living room with an open kitchen, a master suite with bathroom and toilets, two kid rooms with their own bathroom and toilet; a mezzanine. The mezzanine is used for TV and also features a convertible sofa if an extra room is needed. Despite being in the heart of Paris, the flat is extremely quiet and very light and sunny thanks to its 11 windows and 4 roof windows. It has a unique 360° roof top view and a secret view on Montmartre from the mezzanine! The 4.50m high ceiling in the living room is will make you feel as if you were in a big house, on the roofs. The kitchen is fully equipped; we also have a washing machine and a tumble dryer, high speed Internet and TV. Our loft was fully renovated in March 2013. It took several months of work with an amazing architect and a team of builders. Passionate by architecture and decoration, we've been very involve
6888		Trois-pièces lumineux, dernier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien du 9e arrondissement, proche de l'Opéra. La chambre est à l'étage sous les toits, avec un lit 2 places. Profitez de sa proximité avec les lignes du métro parisien et du charme du lieu... Cuisine aménagée, réfrigérateur + congélateur Proche du quartier des grands magasins et de l'Opéra Garnier, de l'église de la Trinité et de celle de la Madeleine... Proche de la gare Saint-Lazare, métros (phone number hidden), RER A et E à moins de 10 minutes à pied
6889	Charmant grand studio, romantique avec poutres apparentes. 32m² très calme ensoleillé se composant d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine américaine et d'une salle de bain avec WC tout équipé pour un usage quotidien avec fibre optique, grille-pain, bouilloire, plaques vitrocéramiques et four. L'ensemble de l'appartement est à la disposition des voyageurs, accès privé et sécurisé par un code d'accès pour la porte sur rue puis une clef électronique dans le hall et bien sur une clef pour la porte d'entrée. L'appartement est au 1er étage sans ascenseur. NB : Une table et ses 4 chaises ont été ajoutées depuis la prise de ces photos.	Charmant grand studio, romantique avec poutres apparentes. 32m² très calme ensoleillé au 1er étage avec un grand salon, une cuisine américaine et une salle de bain avec WC. Charmant grand studio, romantique avec poutres apparentes. 32m² très calme ensoleillé se composant d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine américaine et d'une salle de bain avec WC tout équipé pour un usage quotidien avec fibre optique, grille-pain, bouilloire, plaques vitrocéramiques et four. L'ensemble de l'appartement est à la disposition des voyageurs, accès privé et sécurisé par un code d'accès pour la porte sur rue puis une clef électronique dans le hall et bien sur une clef pour la porte d'entrée. L'appartement est au 1er étage sans ascenseur. NB : Une table et ses 4 chaises ont été ajoutées depuis la prise de ces photos. Idéalement situé, vous pourrez, de notre appartement, vous rendre en cinq minutes à Pigalle et le Moulin Rouge puis en empruntant les petites rues qui grimpent sur la Butte Montmarte atteindre la Ba
6890	Beautiful, clean, nice studio in the center of Paris.  3rd floors with elevator, internet, tv, sheet, bath towels, washing machine....  Kitchen is fully equipment.  Close to La Madeleine, Opera, Les Tuileries, avenue des Champs Elysées, Grands magasins, Pigalle....  Very nice area if you want to visit Paris. and close to everything.  Possibility to have a child bed, a cleaning lady, guide, food... (add cost ) NOTE: Passport copy at the arrival is required ______________________________________________________	Enjoy this beautiful flat in the center of Paris.  Close to Place de la Madeleine, Louvre, Tuileries, department stores.  Perfect for a couple or friend to visit Paris or a business trip..  Enjoyable, calm, accessible and light..  Beautiful, clean, nice studio in the center of Paris.  3rd floors with elevator, internet, tv, sheet, bath towels, washing machine....  Kitchen is fully equipment.  Close to La Madeleine, Opera, Les Tuileries, avenue des Champs Elysées, Grands magasins, Pigalle....  Very nice area if you want to visit Paris. and close to everything.  Possibility to have a child bed, a cleaning lady, guide, food... (add cost ) NOTE: Passport copy at the arrival is required ______________________________________________________
6891		This flat is at the 6th floor of an Haussmanien building. Tw
6892		2/3 pièces refait à neuf comprenant 1 chambre, 1 salon, 1 cuisine indépendante et salle de bain avec sanitaire. Au calme donnant sur cour. Idéalement situé à 2 min à pied de la rue des Martyrs et à 10/12 min à pied des Grands Magasins Haussmann. La très reconnue rue des Martyrs est à deux pas avec des fromagers, des charcuteries et de petits restaurants pour ravir vos papilles. Dans la journée vous pourrez aller flâner dans le quartier des Grands Magasins sur le boulevard Hausmann à 10 min à pied du logement. Un peu plus haut dans le quartier vous pourrez  profiter de la vie nocturne du quartier de Pigalle. Le métro le plus proche est à environ 50 m,  c'est l'arrêt St Georges sur la ligne 12 mais il y a aussi Pigalle sur la ligne 2. La ligne 7 Le Peletier est à 4 min du logement.  Le bus 74 est à 2min (arrêt St Georges) Le logement est aussi seulement à 3 stations de la gare St Lazare par la ligne 12 et à 3 stations de la gare du Nord.
6893	Up to 4 people. 1 large bed, 2 small beds and a convertible sofa. 	"Nice 2 bedroom flat (3 beds in total) in a very lively neighborhood. Right next to Montmartre, Sacre coeur and the ""moulin rouge"". 10 min wal to St Lazare.  In a very lively neighborhood with many restaurants bars and anything you might need! Up to 4 people. 1 large bed, 2 small beds and a convertible sofa.  Internet, basic commodities. Actually, the flat is fully furnished and has all basic things you need.  To be arranged!  Pigalle ! Between the 18th and the 9th.  Right next to the ""butte montmartre"", the ""Sacré Coeur"", and the ""moulin rouge"".  It is extremly lively and well connected (metro stop only 10 meters away from the flat).  Metro number 12 (green) and 2 (blue) "
6894	Studio micro mais unique, avec déco originale, sur cours calme.  Idéal pour profiter de Paris. Au cœur des théâtres (30 salles de spectacles dans le quartier à moins de 10mn à pieds), vie culturelle, transports, restaurants...	Mini-Studio calme, 1 pièce, pour 1 ou 2 personnes (maxi), au cœur de Paris 9,  à 2 pas des Grands Magasins, Opéra, théâtres, Musée de la Vie Romantique. Studio calme donnant sur cours arborée. Mini cuisine, Mini douche, Mini-lit (140), Maxi charme Studio micro mais unique, avec déco originale, sur cours calme.  Idéal pour profiter de Paris. Au cœur des théâtres (30 salles de spectacles dans le quartier à moins de 10mn à pieds), vie culturelle, transports, restaurants... Accès à tout le studio, indépendant, vous êtes entièrement chez vous! A la demande je serai à l'accueil des voyageurs, ensuite je serai absent pendant le séjour. Le quartier dit de la nouvelle Athènes (un quartier spécial du 9em), avec son architecture, ses théâtres, son Opéra, ses grands magasins (Printemps, Galleries Lafayette), cinéma, musées, restaurants... nombreux métros, bus, trains : lignes 12, 13, 14...RER A, E, Gare Saint Lazare...Parking à 50m... j'aime le théâtre, le cinéma, l'architecture,  le vélo et balad
6895	Perfect for a couple or a family. Two bedrooms (one for a couple, an another for 1 or 2 children, with a height bed and a aditional bed on the floor where can also sleep adults). Aditional sofa in the leaving room. A fully equiped big kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and separate WC and a big leaving room.   4TH FLOOR NO ELEVATOR AND NO AC. But no need to take your stuf for children, there is everything you need here : baby bed, baby bath seat and WC, short walk to the lavatory, stroller if you need...   CHARGES : 110€ for 4 people - 120 for 5 people.  Deposit 650 euros. Towels +  Sheets are provided Cleaning fee 50 euros    This apartment is occupied 2 weeks per month, that's why it is a real home with everything you need inside. Email reception ADSL Internet and WIFI	Charming quiet, sunny and secure apartment with all confort, 65M2, situated in the 9th district just near the Moulin Rouge, 2 mn from the subway Perfect for a couple or a family. Two bedrooms (one for a couple, an another for 1 or 2 children, with a height bed and a aditional bed on the floor where can also sleep adults). Aditional sofa in the leaving room. A fully equiped big kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and separate WC and a big leaving room.   4TH FLOOR NO ELEVATOR AND NO AC. But no need to take your stuf for children, there is everything you need here : baby bed, baby bath seat and WC, short walk to the lavatory, stroller if you need...   CHARGES : 110€ for 4 people - 120 for 5 people.  Deposit 650 euros. Towels +  Sheets are provided Cleaning fee 50 euros    This apartment is occupied 2 weeks per month, that's why it is a real home with everything you need inside. Email reception ADSL Internet and WIFI Everything ! Next to various store, cafés, restaurants but in a quiet and s
6896	Sacré-Coeur, one of the most picturesque areas of Paris. The Sacré-Coeur dominates Montmartre in all its splendor. To get there, take the cable car to the square and enjoy magnificent views of Paris and the surrounding area. So why not stay in a seasonal rental apartment? The Sacré-Coeur, one of the most touristy districts in Paris The unmissable Butte Montmartre is home to the Sacré-Coeur and offers tourists a journey into a buzzing Paris. The starting point for a trip back in time, the district has several attractions. Run by the Benedictines, the Sacré-Coeur Basilica has a tiny piece of land planted with vines. Every year, at harvest time, the neighborhood organizes the Fête des Vendanges, attracting many visitors and craftspeople in order to promote the products of the land. Not far from the vineyard stands the former house of Dalida, just before the legendary Lapin Agile cabaret. Shows are still held there. Thanks to its perfect exposure and the light available, Montmartre attract	Close to the Sacre Coeur and Place des Abbesses. Discover this comfortable flat of 43m2 rencently renovated . Sacré-Coeur, one of the most picturesque areas of Paris. The Sacré-Coeur dominates Montmartre in all its splendor. To get there, take the cable car to the square and enjoy magnificent views of Paris and the surrounding area. So why not stay in a seasonal rental apartment? The Sacré-Coeur, one of the most touristy districts in Paris The unmissable Butte Montmartre is home to the Sacré-Coeur and offers tourists a journey into a buzzing Paris. The starting point for a trip back in time, the district has several attractions. Run by the Benedictines, the Sacré-Coeur Basilica has a tiny piece of land planted with vines. Every year, at harvest time, the neighborhood organizes the Fête des Vendanges, attracting many visitors and craftspeople in order to promote the products of the land. Not far from the vineyard stands the former house of Dalida, just before the legendary Lapin Agile c
6897	20 m2 Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possi	Hello, You are looking for a good place to spend some days in Paris ? My place is very well located, 5 mn from Sacré Coeur! It is a nice studio full equipated, with furnitures, machin washed and internet! Don't hesitate if you have any question 20 m2 Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / L2 Many books of Paris available. Possibility for a third person to sleep. Internet The place is located in a small street, close to many shopping, grocery, bars. It is a typical area of Paris. Metro L12 / 
6898		Quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes ,au pied de la butte Montmartre Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité . Rue très calme. appartement de 140 m2 avec ascenseur au 4ème étage, très clair  Cuisine toute équipée. 3 chambres , deux pièces commune
6899	This studio  on the 6 floor without lift but good for exercices. and very quiet ,They are Sofa lit shower ,micro onde,wifi internet, paper toilet towels,bedsheet, caserol, coffe maker  grille pain ,salt ,olive huile, etc you can cook  because the flat near to big carrefour supermarket ,like to your house, They are big Window very clair, and very Nice place, they are many restaurants, supermarket 24h.  	Our flat we are located center of paris and  in the 6flor with out lift but good for exercices .they have réfrigérateur ,grille,micro onde, tv ,heater, wifi. Sofa lit,and kitchen équipéed .Idéal for 1 couple or 2 persons and looking for very wonderful city  here in Paris.  
