11100	Le logement Petit studio de 12 m² en excellent état. Situé au 2e étage d'un immeuble ancien (sans ascenseur) qui possède 1 petite cour intérieure. Appartement  propre et bien entretenu. Voisinage calme et vue sur la cour intérieure. Idéal pour une personne voyageant seule mais également accessible aux couples : le lit se déplie facilement pour accueillir une seconde personne (160 x 200). Il contient également un tiroir de rangement, où vous trouverez des draps et taies d'oreiller pour un 2e voyageur. Accès Wi-Fi. La cuisine offre plaque de cuisson, micro-ondes (pas de four), réfrigérateur avec espace congélateur, bouilloire, service de vaisselle et des ustensiles de cuisine. La salle de bains est séparée. Elle comprend WC, cabine de douche, lavabo, miroir, placard, porte-serviettes. Les savons et shampooings sont à votre disposition dans la douche. Apartment Small studio of 12 m² in excellent condition. Located on the 2nd floor of an old building (no elevator) has 1 small courtyard. Ap	12 m2. Quartier très agréable et commerçant, proche de la Tour Eiffel.  Stations de métro et taxi à quelques minutes à pied. 12 m2. Very nice commercial area, close to the Eiffel Tower. Metro stations and taxi a few minutes walk. Le logement Petit studio de 12 m² en excellent état. Situé au 2e étage d'un immeuble ancien (sans ascenseur) qui possède 1 petite cour intérieure. Appartement  propre et bien entretenu. Voisinage calme et vue sur la cour intérieure. Idéal pour une personne voyageant seule mais également accessible aux couples : le lit se déplie facilement pour accueillir une seconde personne (160 x 200). Il contient également un tiroir de rangement, où vous trouverez des draps et taies d'oreiller pour un 2e voyageur. Accès Wi-Fi. La cuisine offre plaque de cuisson, micro-ondes (pas de four), réfrigérateur avec espace congélateur, bouilloire, service de vaisselle et des ustensiles de cuisine. La salle de bains est séparée. Elle comprend WC, cabine de douche, lavabo, miroir, pla
11101	Cool and old school rooftop apartment with views of the Eiffel Tower. - 1 big living room + open kitchen  - 1 bathroom - View on the Eiffel Tower - Many windows - Real bed - Movie projector - Dish washer - Washing machine	Typical Parisian apartment, architecturally styled in the 15th arrondissement.  2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom w/ bathtub, 1 kitchen open onto large living room (40sqm). Apartment includes: - free wifi - 50m from Commerce metro (8) - vinyl player! Cool and old school rooftop apartment with views of the Eiffel Tower. - 1 big living room + open kitchen  - 1 bathroom - View on the Eiffel Tower - Many windows - Real bed - Movie projector - Dish washer - Washing machine
11102	L'appartement est situé sur deux étages dans un petit immeuble calme, et donne sur une petite cour. 	"Situé dans le quartier d'Alésia, cet appartement de 22m2 tout équipé est l'endroit idéal pour passer un agréable séjour parisien.  L'appartement est situé sur deux étages dans un petit immeuble calme, et donne sur une petite cour. Le quartier d'Alésia est bien desservi par les transports: - Ligne 4 arrêt Alésia à 5 min - RER B arrêt ""Denfert Rochereau"" à 10min (accès à l'aéroport d'Orly et Charles de Gaulle) Le quartier d'Alésia est bien desservi par les transports: - Ligne 4 arrêt Alésia à 5 min (accès à la gare Montparnasse) - RER B arrêt ""Denfert Rochereau"" à 10min (accès à l'aéroport d'Orly et Charles de Gaulle)"
11103		Flat of 60m2 with 3 room and one bedroom for guests,
11104	My 25 sq. meters studio apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet little street. Three windows bathe the apartment in light all day long. There is one double bed and an extra single mattress on the floor. 	Enjoy my bright and quiet apartment in the heart of Paris. Discover Paris, stress-free... My 25 sq. meters studio apartment is located on the first floor in a quiet little street. Three windows bathe the apartment in light all day long. There is one double bed and an extra single mattress on the floor.  Access to the whole studio I will welcome my guests and answer their questions.  My studio is located in a very friendly and safe neighborhood in the south of Paris. Nearby, you will enjoy strolling in very nice typical parisian streets, in the Vanves flea market, or the old book market, or just relax and sunbathe in the park. The best bread in Paris, Max Poilâne is just down the street. Bakery, bucher, wine merchant, grocery stores are within 2 minutes walk.  Tram 3a stop Brancion (5 minutes) Metro 13 stop porte de Vanves (7 minutes) Metro 12 stop Convention (10 minutes)  Bus 95 (1 minute): This line crosses Paris from south to north. It goes through Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-Des-Pré
11105	Hello everyone, As the owner of this property located on the 32nd and top floor (with elevator but two last floor on foot), I will welcome you in this very calm and very bright apartment located in an upscale and family-oriented neighborhood. As you can see, the view is unique. You can see a large part of Paris from the window and you may admire incredible sunset over the city. You will find many shops and restaurants, an open-air market, tons of cafes, lovely haussmannian buildings, a very lively yet extremely secure neighborhood. SPECIFICATIONS :  One bedroom with queensize bed.  One living-room with one sofa beds.   Kitchen in the living room with everything needed for cooking and eating.  Bathroom with toilet.  380 square feet - 35 square meters LOCATION :  Two steps away from the river Seine.  10 minutes away from the Eiffel tower.  15 minutes away from LATIN QUARTER / NOTRE-DAME.  15 minutes away from CHAMPS-ELYSEES / CONCORDE / OPERA.  20 minutes away from CHATEAU DE VERSAILLES 	Hello everyone, As the owner of this property located on the 32nd and top floor (with elevator but two last floor on foot), I will welcome you in this very calm and very bright apartment located in an upscale and family-oriented neighborhood. As you can see, the view is unique. You can see a large part of Paris from the window and you may admire incredible sunset over the city. You will find many shops and restaurants, an open-air market, tons of cafes, lovely haussmannian buildings, a very lively yet extremely secure neighborhood. SPECIFICATIONS :  One bedroom with queensize bed.  One living-room with one sofa beds.   Kitchen in the living room with everything needed for cooking and eating.  Bathroom with toilet.  380 square feet - 35 square meters LOCATION :  Two steps away from the river Seine.  10 minutes away from the Eiffel tower.  15 minutes away from LATIN QUARTER / NOTRE-DAME.  15 minutes away from CHAMPS-ELYSEES / CONCORDE / OPERA.  20 minutes away from CHATEAU DE VERSAILLES 
11106	Cosy studio cœur du 15 ème  plein sud ! Situé à proximité immédiate du centre hyper branché Beaugrennelle,  et des transports en commun, à côté de la Tour Eiffel, des quais...  Cuisine équipée et douche hydromassante...Welcome ! Calme, grande baie vitrée, proche tous commerces et transport  ( métro Charles Michel... ) , ce studio ensoleillé, entièrement refait à neuf de 15 m²  au 7è étage avec double-ascenseur est très confortable : dans le salon, vous trouverez  de nombreux rangements dont un dressing avec miroir et canapé convertible neuf et TV Led ; sa cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave-linge, réfrigérateur, congélateur 4* et four micro-onde-grill .  Entrée sécurisée avec porte blindée et (website hidden) salle d'eau équipée d'une cabine de douche hydromassante ainsi que son sèche serviette est très fonctionnelle.    A proximité immédiate des commerces ( grand monoprix au pied de l'immeuble et du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle juste sous l'immeuble ) , vous serez à deux p	Cosy studio cœur du 15 ème  plein sud ! Situé à proximité immédiate du centre hyper branché Beaugrennelle,  et des transports en commun, à côté de la Tour Eiffel, des quais...  Cuisine équipée et douche hydromassante...Welcome ! Cosy studio cœur du 15 ème  plein sud ! Situé à proximité immédiate du centre hyper branché Beaugrennelle,  et des transports en commun, à côté de la Tour Eiffel, des quais...  Cuisine équipée et douche hydromassante...Welcome ! Calme, grande baie vitrée, proche tous commerces et transport  ( métro Charles Michel... ) , ce studio ensoleillé, entièrement refait à neuf de 15 m²  au 7è étage avec double-ascenseur est très confortable : dans le salon, vous trouverez  de nombreux rangements dont un dressing avec miroir et canapé convertible neuf et TV Led ; sa cuisine est entièrement équipée: lave-linge, réfrigérateur, congélateur 4* et four micro-onde-grill .  Entrée sécurisée avec porte blindée et (website hidden) salle d'eau équipée d'une cabine de douche hydroma
11107	Our great 97m² 3/4 rooms apartment is accessible through an elevator. You can enjoy the whole apartment, very functional, with : - its fully equipped kitchen (including dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, filter coffee machine, fridge, freezer, induction hob),   - 2 bedrooms (one is furnished with a brand new (July 2015) sofa bed with a very comfortable mattress) - 1 bathroom and 1 shower room  - 2 independant toilets  -  A sofa bed in the living room (with a less comfortable mattress -- a new sofa-bed with a very comfortable mattress has been ordered to be received at the end of July 2015) can welcome 2 people.  - 2 small balconies, in a very nice  neighborhood (supermarket, bakery, bars, shops, restaurants ....) - You can watch television with cable channels and enjoy a DVD with the DVD drive. A radio and CD player is also at your disposal. - WI-FI access House linen (sheets, blankets or duvet/quilt, duvet/quilt covers, pillow case, towels, dish towels) is included.  A parking spac	Located in a quiet street, our great 3/4 rooms apartment can welcome up to 6 people with the comfort of 2 bathrooms, in a very nice neighborhood. The subway and several bus lines are very close and a parking space is available in the building. Our great 97m² 3/4 rooms apartment is accessible through an elevator. You can enjoy the whole apartment, very functional, with : - its fully equipped kitchen (including dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, filter coffee machine, fridge, freezer, induction hob),   - 2 bedrooms (one is furnished with a brand new (July 2015) sofa bed with a very comfortable mattress) - 1 bathroom and 1 shower room  - 2 independant toilets  -  A sofa bed in the living room (with a less comfortable mattress -- a new sofa-bed with a very comfortable mattress has been ordered to be received at the end of July 2015) can welcome 2 people.  - 2 small balconies, in a very nice  neighborhood (supermarket, bakery, bars, shops, restaurants ....) - You can watch television wit
11108	Welcome to my charming and cosy studio apartment. It sleeps 2 people and is located on the 1rd French floor of a charming 19th century building. My studio flat is fully furnished: unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator, microwave and serving pieces, Also provided: bed linens, towels and hair dryer. The apartment features a confortable double bed, with the possibility to welcome a 3rd guest thanks to a small sofa bed.	Welcome to my charming and cosy studio apartment. It sleeps 2 people and is located on the 1rd French floor of a charming 19th century building. My studio flat is fully furnished: unlimited high speed internet access with wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator, microwave and serving pieces, Also provided: bed linens, towels and hair dryer. The apartment features a confortable double bed, with the possibility to welcome a 3rd guest thanks to a small sofa bed. Quartier Convention, Vaugirard, very nice, markets, parcs, shopping... near metro ligne 8, 13, 6, 4... at 10 min from Champs de Mars / Tour Eiffel, Quai de Seine, Montparnasse, Saint Germain Des Près...
11109		2 pièces très calme, sur cour, au 3ème étage d'un appartement ancien. Tout équipé et central. Très bien desservi.
11110	New York architects renovated and designed this space for their own occasional use. Not surprisingly it has been ingeniously used to make a sunny, very livable apartment. It has white painted walls and simple but modern furnishings. The cupboard-lined entrance hall widens out into a dining area and then into a small but well equipped kitchen with dishwasher. The living room features a polished wood floor, a comfortable double sofa bed, and a TV. The bedroom has twin beds the can be combined to make a king-size bed. The kitchen has a gas cook-top, dishwasher, microwave oven, and a clothes washer/dryer.There is also a dining table and chairs in the kitchen area. The bathroom has a tub and shower attachment; the toilet is separate. A washing machine and dryer are also available. The apartment has gas central heating.	"This is a charming rooftop apartment in the ""Parisian's Paris"". This delightful residential neighborhood offers specialty food stores, cafes and restaurants close by, not to mention the bustling street markets. New York architects renovated and designed this space for their own occasional use. Not surprisingly it has been ingeniously used to make a sunny, very livable apartment. It has white painted walls and simple but modern furnishings. The cupboard-lined entrance hall widens out into a dining area and then into a small but well equipped kitchen with dishwasher. The living room features a polished wood floor, a comfortable double sofa bed, and a TV. The bedroom has twin beds the can be combined to make a king-size bed. The kitchen has a gas cook-top, dishwasher, microwave oven, and a clothes washer/dryer.There is also a dining table and chairs in the kitchen area. The bathroom has a tub and shower attachment; the toilet is separate. A washing machine and dryer are also available. Th"
11111		Bonjour! Hello ! Hi ! Situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble gardé. Très lumineux dans un quartier agréable, proche du métro ligne 12 (station Convention), des commerces, et du périphérique. Located in a quiet and friendly arrondissement, close from the Metro (Line 12 - station Convention), market on every Sunday, shops and Périphérique close by. Je vous souhaite un agréable séjour à Paris. Have a nice stay in Paris ! David
11112		People often say that my flat has the chalet feel -- all wood and warm rugs. It's just a few metro stops from the Eiffel Tower (you can see the top of the tower from the bedroom, at night it shimmers!). And there's a big balcony with plants too. All the flat. Washing machine, dishwasher, coffee machine, kettle, toaster, ironing board and iron, some cupboards (the others will be closed), television, wifi. I let the flat out when away for work or holidays. So I will unfortunately not be on site, but available via email of course. The flat is in the 15th, a quiet part of southwest Paris. There are lovely restaurants just a few steps away, a delicious boulangerie, butcher and food shops. And the market comes right at the foot of my building every Wednesday and Saturday. The flat is just a couple of minutes away from a metro stop on line 8 which takes you to the Eiffel Tower in 10 minutes, the centre in 20 minutes, and the east of Paris in half an hour. It's one of the best metro lines in t
11113	Idéalement situé, très lumineux et disposant d'un grand balcon avec vue dégagée, orienté Sud-Ouest. Proche du Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles.	Idéalement situé, très lumineux et disposant d'un grand balcon avec vue dégagée, orienté Sud-Ouest. Proche du Parc des Expositions de Porte de Versailles. Tout le nécessaire pour vivre dans de parfaites conditions, cuisine équipée, machine à laver, draps de bain... Partant à l'étranger quelques temps, les échanges se feront par mail, des personnes de confiances seront présentes pour l'accueil et le départ des voyageurs. Quartier très calme et agréable. Nombreux commerces, très variés. Possibilité de sortir la nuit en toute sécurité. Très bien desservi, métros Convention (ligne 12) et Plaisance (ligne 13), bus 62 et 95.  L'ordinateur n'est pas inclus dans la location.
11114	2p, 35 m2, in an appart hotel Adagio with car parking, 75015 Paris, next to Porte de Versailles. The tramway, at feet of aparthôtel, lets you join the metro. This one may be also reached in 7-8 mn by foot. 1 living-room with separated little kitchen equipped with a dishwasher, microwave oven, ... and with two divan-beds,  1 bedroom with twin bed and a desk, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, Cupboards and wardrobes in the entrance hall and in the bedroom, Reception speaking different langages 24 h/24, bed and bath sheets furnished, laundry service, lounge dining-room for breakfast if necessary, All convenient stores, restaurants and pizzerias are in the neibourhood and, a few distance farther, delicatessen and a supermarket.  Aquaboulevard center - with cinema ( a dozen halls), an aquatic tropical park, squash,... - (email hidden) by foot in the same street.	2p, 35 m2, in an appart hotel Adagio with car parking, 75015 Paris, next to Porte de Versailles. The tramway, at feet of aparthôtel, lets you join the metro. This one may be also reached in 7-8 mn by foot. 1 living-room with separated little kitchen equipped with a dishwasher, microwave oven, ... and with two divan-beds,  1 bedroom with twin bed and a desk, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, Cupboards and wardrobes in the entrance hall and in the bedroom, Reception speaking different langages 24 h/24, bed and bath sheets furnished, laundry service, lounge dining-room for breakfast if necessary, All convenient stores, restaurants and pizzerias are in the neibourhood and, a few distance farther, delicatessen and a supermarket.  Aquaboulevard center - with cinema ( a dozen halls), an aquatic tropical park, squash,... - (email hidden) by foot in the same street.
11115		Typical charming Parisian flat at two minutes from the Eiffel tower at the Seine River. Modern decoration in an authentic building of the 19th century.
11116	Very bright flat located in the 15th arrondissement, 5mn from Montparnasse station (metro 4,6, 12, 13) and close to Eiffel Towel  and Quartier Latin. This former artist workshop, decorated with my paintings, includes:  - living room, - kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle)  - bathroom  - 2 bed rooms ( one with double bed and the other with double bed + single bed)  Very quiet neighbourhood, close to all amenities	Cet atelier de peintre a été aménagé en loft art décoratif avec mes peintures. Very bright flat located in the 15th arrondissement, 5mn from Montparnasse station (metro 4,6, 12, 13) and close to Eiffel Towel  and Quartier Latin. This former artist workshop, decorated with my paintings, includes:  - living room, - kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle)  - bathroom  - 2 bed rooms ( one with double bed and the other with double bed + single bed)  Very quiet neighbourhood, close to all amenities
11117	Nice modern flat. The building is in the parisian style. The flat is very calm and there is an elevator (4th ground). There is a big living-room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. There is a large bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Wifi, TV, Radio, DVD player, kitchen equipped, washing machine hair dryer, towels...etc.. Situated near the Montparnasse district, the Rue de Rennes and the Montparnasse boulevard.  The Montparnasse Station is very closed with subway lines 4,6,12,13. The place is amazing with theaters, restaurants, cinemas, nightclubs and it's just near Saint-Germain-des-Près and the Invalides. 	Nice modern flat. The building is in the parisian style. The flat is very calm and there is an elevator (4th ground). There is a big living-room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. There is a large bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. Wifi, TV, Radio, DVD player, kitchen equipped, washing machine hair dryer, towels...etc.. Situated near the Montparnasse district, the Rue de Rennes and the Montparnasse boulevard.  The Montparnasse Station is very closed with subway lines 4,6,12,13. The place is amazing with theaters, restaurants, cinemas, nightclubs and it's just near Saint-Germain-des-Près and the Invalides. 
11118		Agréable appartement chaleureux et très calme dans le 15ème arrondt de Paris. Très bien équipé. Il est situé dans un quartier familial et plein de charme! Vous pourrez profiter du Parc Brassens, du marché aux livres anciens, etc. Proche transports Wifi, Baignoire, tout l'équipement de la cuisine
11119	[[ Studio Description ]] Paris Montparnasse Cosy Studio is a family-friendly, high-class condo - converted clean and modern apartment, reserved exclusively for you and your party, providing cozy, comfortable stay for your family, couple or friends.  Home-away-from-home;  Stay at Paris Montparnasse Cosy Studio, where cleaner environment and convenient location are offered for the cost less than that of the comparable hotels, and start making precious memories in Paris! Happy Traveling~! :-)	*Montparnasse Studio* is a family-friendly, high-class condo - converted clean and modern apartment, reserved exclusively for you and your party, providing cozy, comfortable stay for your family, couple or friends. [[ Studio Description ]] Paris Montparnasse Cosy Studio is a family-friendly, high-class condo - converted clean and modern apartment, reserved exclusively for you and your party, providing cozy, comfortable stay for your family, couple or friends.  Home-away-from-home;  Stay at Paris Montparnasse Cosy Studio, where cleaner environment and convenient location are offered for the cost less than that of the comparable hotels, and start making precious memories in Paris! Happy Traveling~! :-) [[ Amenities ]] -With a Double Bed and comfortable Sofa Bed for two persons, it accommodates up to 4 guests.  -Prepare your own meals anytime at its fully equipped kitchen -  refrigerator, electric rice cooker, induction range, microwave oven, electric kettle, toaster, complete sets of tab
11120	"Apartment located 2km away from the Eiffel Tower and 1km away from La Seine. Two metro stations are located less than 5min away from the apartment, allowing you to be in the center of the ""Quartier latin"" or at Notre-Dame cathedral in 10min(the historical Paris, heart of the parisian life, full of restaurants, charming little shops...). If you are a tennis lover, note that you will be 5 minutes away from the Roland-Garros tennis courts. The apartment: 25m². 1 big sofa-bed. 1 bathroom. 1 (website hidden). Heater.  Little private patio, 10 m². Sheets and towel included. Pets allowed. Access for people with a reduce mobility. Apartment is all furnished. Access code and security guard at the entrance of the building. Around the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : a very good bakery is just at the corner, and at 2 minutes, in the rue du Commerce, there are supermarkets, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... There's also a very nice small publ"	"Apartment located 2km away from the Eiffel Tower and 1km away from La Seine. Two metro stations are located less than 5min away from the apartment, allowing you to be in the center of the ""Quartier latin"" or at Notre-Dame cathedral in 10min(the historical Paris, heart of the parisian life, full of restaurants, charming little shops...). If you are a tennis lover, note that you will be 5 minutes away from the Roland-Garros tennis courts. The apartment: 25m². 1 big sofa-bed. 1 bathroom. 1 (website hidden). Heater.  Little private patio, 10 m². Sheets and towel included. Pets allowed. Access for people with a reduce mobility. Apartment is all furnished. Access code and security guard at the entrance of the building. Around the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : a very good bakery is just at the corner, and at 2 minutes, in the rue du Commerce, there are supermarkets, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... There's also a very nice small publ"
11121	"Au plein centre de Paris, cet appartement pour 4 personnes est idéalement situé pour se déplacer sur Paris. A 30 mètres de la station de métro « La Motte-Picquet Grenelle »… Métro: ligne 6, 8 et 10 Bus: 42, 80 5 min à pied de la tour Eiffel et du champ de Mars. A 5 stations de métro (10 min) des Champs-Élysées, Opéra, Montparnasse et Saint-germain des prés. Rue calme du 15ème arrondissement, perpendiculaire de la rue du commerce où se trouve un bon nombre de boutiques, supermarchés, cafés et restaurants. A proximité du nouveau centre commercial  ""BEAUGRENELLE"" (10 min à pied) où se trouvent une multitude de magasins, restaurants, salles de cinéma ... L'emplacement de l’appartement est parfait pour minimiser les temps de trajet pour découvrir Paris et ses monuments ... "	"Apt charmant, situé dans un quartier calme et sécurisé. A proximité de nombreux commerces, restaurants. Idéal pour se déplacer sur Paris. Desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro-bus pour découvrir Paris sans perte de temps dans les transports. Au plein centre de Paris, cet appartement pour 4 personnes est idéalement situé pour se déplacer sur Paris. A 30 mètres de la station de métro « La Motte-Picquet Grenelle »… Métro: ligne 6, 8 et 10 Bus: 42, 80 5 min à pied de la tour Eiffel et du champ de Mars. A 5 stations de métro (10 min) des Champs-Élysées, Opéra, Montparnasse et Saint-germain des prés. Rue calme du 15ème arrondissement, perpendiculaire de la rue du commerce où se trouve un bon nombre de boutiques, supermarchés, cafés et restaurants. A proximité du nouveau centre commercial  ""BEAUGRENELLE"" (10 min à pied) où se trouvent une multitude de magasins, restaurants, salles de cinéma ... L'emplacement de l’appartement est parfait pour minimiser les temps de trajet pour découvrir P"
11122		Bienvenue dans ce bel appartement dernier étage de 70m2, 2 chambres. Séjour cathédrale avec table à manger qui se transforme en billard. Salon confortable avec canapé électrique et écran 127 cm. Cuisine US équipé avec cave à vin. Très lumineux et confortable. Salle de bain avec baignoire et lave linge. Metro Cambronne ou La Motte-Picquet Grenelle. Ligne 6, 8 et 10.
11123		Appartement de charme à louer dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris dans une petite rue isolée au calme. 35 m2. Idéalement situé, à 30 sec de la rue de la convention proche de tout commerce. Mis à disposition de mon piano Sauter pour les musiciens.
11124	Nice and Big apartment with 4 bedrooms ideally situated in the South of Paris near Parc des Expositions.  Nice balcony  Situated on the 3rd ground (with elevator!), the apartment opens on a big lounge / dining room. The apartment is nicely furnished and equipped with TV, DVD, Canal , cable TV, video games and HI-FI. WiFi internet access. 4  bedrooms :  1 with a double bed (phone number hidden) bed rooms with a single bed, where a second bed can be install,  1 bedroom with a babybed.  If necessary, the coach in the leaving room can be transformed in a double bed.  All the necessary infant facilities are available (baby chair, crib, toys, child bike, etc...). 2 bathrooms one with shower and toilets, one with bath.  The kitchen is completely fitted out with a big refrigerator freezer, dishwasher, washing machine and oven with microwaves / heat /grill. Free access to washing machine and dryier.  	"Nice and Big apartment with 4 bedrooms and parking, ideally situated in the South of Paris near Parc des Expositions.  Easy access to all the main ""touristic places"" (Musée du Louvre, La concorde, Saint Germain, Opéra, Sacré Coeur...)   Nice and Big apartment with 4 bedrooms ideally situated in the South of Paris near Parc des Expositions.  Nice balcony  Situated on the 3rd ground (with elevator!), the apartment opens on a big lounge / dining room. The apartment is nicely furnished and equipped with TV, DVD, Canal , cable TV, video games and HI-FI. WiFi internet access. 4  bedrooms :  1 with a double bed (phone number hidden) bed rooms with a single bed, where a second bed can be install,  1 bedroom with a babybed.  If necessary, the coach in the leaving room can be transformed in a double bed.  All the necessary infant facilities are available (baby chair, crib, toys, child bike, etc...). 2 bathrooms one with shower and toilets, one with bath.  The kitchen is completely fitted out wit"
11125	Appartement dans une rue calme	Appartement dans une rue calme Wifi, internet haut débit Echange par mail pour par téléphone Quartier calme, à proximité du Parc Georges Brassens Métro Porte de Vanves ligne 13 Bus Porte de Vanves ligne 95 et 58 Tramway T3 A proximité des commerces, banque, pharmacie
11126		Appartement 2 pièces. 35m2. Idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement. 15 min de la Tour Effeil. 5 min de la Porte de Versailles. 1 chambre et 1 salon Canapé lit. Wi-(website hidden). Cuisine équipée. 200 mètres du Métro Boucicaut Ligne 8.  
11127	Appartement pratique (bien situé dans Paris, entièrement équipé, local à vélo intérieur gratuit disponible...), sécurisé, agréable ( balcon, lave-vaisselle, baignoire...), propre et calme.	Bel appartement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement, à 10 minutes à pieds de la tour Eiffel. Appartement pratique (bien situé dans Paris, entièrement équipé, local à vélo intérieur gratuit disponible...), sécurisé, agréable ( balcon, lave-vaisselle, baignoire...), propre et calme. Aide et conseils pour visiter la capitale vous seront proposés lors de l'accueil si besoin. Idéalement situé, cet appartement vous permettra de loger dans un quartier calme (au nord du 15e arrondissement) et d’accéder facilement à tous les lieux incontournables de Paris en transports en commun ou à pieds (une dizaine de minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel ou de la Statue de la Liberté par exemple). Proche des bouches de métro : - Dupleix (ligne 6) à 2 minutes à pieds - Emile Zola (ligne 10) à 3 minutes à pieds - La Motte Piquet Grenelle (lignes 6, 10 et 8) à 5 minutes à pieds L'appartement comporte deux chambres comprenant chacune un lit double. Possibilité de rajouter un couchage dans le salon pour deux personn
11128	This area is very safe. Perfect for a couple or two friends who want to visit Paris (or go shopping) and dont want to wast any time! 	This a cosy and intimate one room apartment on the 4th floor located 5 min walks away from the Eiffel Tower.  If you want to eat, leave and feel like a parisien this is the place for you. Everything you need from food shopping to museums are  This area is very safe. Perfect for a couple or two friends who want to visit Paris (or go shopping) and dont want to wast any time!  Fully furnished flat with full access to everything including shits, towels, hair dryier...to make your stay as confortable as possible. You have all the food shop you need just downstairs (bakery, supermarket etc.). There is plenty of local restaurant that I would recommand where you can eat french food but also typical Japanese barbecue or Korean food. Most museums and tourist attractions are either at a 15 minutes walk or 15 minutes away by metro. Near by you have 3 metro stops: Duplex Motte Picquet Avenue Emile Zola Bienvenue!
11129	Très charmant 2/3P typiquement parisien situé juste en face du Parc des expositions (Salon Agriculture, Automobile, Foire de Paris...) et des beaux spectacles du Palais des Sports... avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Cuisine indépendante équipée, salon avec wifi et bureau agréable, grande chambre avec lit en 160 ou 2 lits séparés selon vos besoins. Appartement en étage élevé avec ascenseur, digicode et sas d'entrée, dans un immeuble de cachet très lumineux sans vis-à-vis : ici vous vous sentirez bien et en sécurité !	Superbe 2/3P face Parc Expositions & Palais des Sports, vue Tour Eiffel M°12 direct Montparnasse 8' Concorde Tuileries 12' Madeleine 15' Butte Montmartre 30' M° 8 direct Invalides 12' Tour Eiffel 18'  Tram 3 Orly/Château Versailles Tram 2 Défense 20' Très charmant 2/3P typiquement parisien situé juste en face du Parc des expositions (Salon Agriculture, Automobile, Foire de Paris...) et des beaux spectacles du Palais des Sports... avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Cuisine indépendante équipée, salon avec wifi et bureau agréable, grande chambre avec lit en 160 ou 2 lits séparés selon vos besoins. Appartement en étage élevé avec ascenseur, digicode et sas d'entrée, dans un immeuble de cachet très lumineux sans vis-à-vis : ici vous vous sentirez bien et en sécurité ! Ce bel appartement est idéal pour visiter Paris comme pour y travailler : il se situe au pied du Metro Ligne 12 qui vous amène directement à  Montparnasse en 8 minutes, à l'Assemblée Nationale en 12 minutes, Concorde, Les Tuileries
11130	L'appartement est composé d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain + WC et d'un balcon ! Appartement très lumineux et balcon très agréable pour profiter des 1ers rayons de soleil. Mais comme la lumière se paye cher à Paris, 5ème étage sans ascenseur, parfait pour faire un peu de sport !	L'appartement est composé d'un salon, d'une chambre, d'une cuisine, d'une salle de bain + WC et d'un balcon ! Appartement très lumineux et balcon très agréable pour profiter des 1ers rayons de soleil. Mais comme la lumière se paye cher à Paris, 5ème étage sans ascenseur, parfait pour faire un peu de sport ! Accès à tout l'appartement, cuisine équipée (y compris machine Nespresso avec capsules fournies pour votre séjour), WIFI, ... Quartier tranquille et familial.  Nombreux magasins de toute sorte à proximité (dont un Monoprix ouvert jusqu'à 21h). Nombreux restaurants sympas à découvrir dans le quartier. Marché typique avec d'excellents produits, les mardis, jeudis et dimanches. Métro convention (ligne 12) à 300m  Porte de Versailles (Tram 2 & 3) à 800m
11131	Cet appartement de 40 M2, pour 2 ou 4 personnes est situé dans un emplacement au coeur de Paris ! Situé dans une rue calme, il est traversant et bénéficie de soleil tout au long de la journée.  L'appartement dispose de deux grandes chambres dont l'une fait office de salon avec Télévision/Hi-Fi  et un canapé lit  2 places de qualité. L'autre chambre possède un vrai lit  extrêmement confortable.  Un accès Wi-Fi en fibre optique est disponible. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin  : micro ondes, plaques induction, réfrigérateur, grille pain, cafetière Nespresso, machine à laver et sécher le linge.. et dispose d'un espace salle à manger.  La salle de bain/WC bénéficie de beaucoup de lumière naturelle, et possède une grande douche.	Cet appartement de 40m2 est situé dans le XVième arrondissement de Paris. Il se trouve au 6ième étages avec ascenseur d'un immeuble haussmannien. L'appartement est traversant et bénéficie de beaucoup de lumière naturelle et de vues dégagés. Cet appartement de 40 M2, pour 2 ou 4 personnes est situé dans un emplacement au coeur de Paris ! Situé dans une rue calme, il est traversant et bénéficie de soleil tout au long de la journée.  L'appartement dispose de deux grandes chambres dont l'une fait office de salon avec Télévision/Hi-Fi  et un canapé lit  2 places de qualité. L'autre chambre possède un vrai lit  extrêmement confortable.  Un accès Wi-Fi en fibre optique est disponible. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin  : micro ondes, plaques induction, réfrigérateur, grille pain, cafetière Nespresso, machine à laver et sécher le linge.. et dispose d'un espace salle à manger.  La salle de bain/WC bénéficie de beaucoup de lumière naturelle, et possède une gra
11132	The space is small and lovely. It is on the top floor, actually it is the sofa, so plenty of light comes inside from the windows. It is not something fancy but it is very cozy and provides all necessities so you will definitely feel like home. The bathroom and kitchen facilities are new and clean.	The space is small and lovely. It is on the top floor, actually it is the sofa, so plenty of light comes inside from the windows. It is not something fancy but it is very cozy and provides all necessities so you will definitely feel like home. The bathroom and kitchen facilities are new and clean. There is full access to the space, this includes bathroom the main room with kitchen facilities, dining table and bed sofa. Help is provided only via phone or email since I will be away during this period. Generally everything is very easy and accessible so there won't be any problem during your stay. The neighborhood is quite tranquil and friendly. There is no danger to walk around even at night time. There are places to shop, eat or drink a glass of wine in very close proximity. Metro station is only 3 minutes away. Additionally there are other transportation means around such as buses, tram, etc. There is a nice commercial area very close so you can do your shopping. The Eiffel Tower is ar
11133	L'appartement est clair , situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, avec ascenseur. Votre chambre est grande 15m2 avec un lit 2 places confortable ,une grande armoire penderie de rangement et une table-bureau; vous aurez accès à la salle de bain qui possède une fenêtre, aux wc  et, également.à la cuisine , pour préparer votre petit déjeuner et même votre diner le soir.  A votre disposition, cafetière et théière électriques, grille-pain,  four micro ondes, et un  réfrigérateur -congélateur.Vous avez l'usage d'un aspirateur, d'une planche et d'un fer à repasser et aussi d'un sèche-cheveux.Vous trouverez des draps repassés et du linge de toilette.  L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme d'un quartier très commerçant ( Franprix, Carrefour, Monoprix, Picard Surgelés et Bio c'bon ),  Vous avez 3 stations de métro très proches et aussi 4 lignes de bus ( (phone number hidden) ).Les restaurants sont nombreux, de tous niveaux.ainsi que les snacks de cuisine française , japonaise, ou vi	"You have at your disposal a comfortable bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom, in a very quiet street, close to a shopping street and close to all major public transportation and touristical sites. I shall get you the wiffi access code I am born in Paris and I like my town very much : so I hope to help you enjoy your stay My neighborhood is very quiet but alive, with many shops and coffee shops, and restaurants.  You can go shopping until 20h or 21h in the evening.   With bus, you go shopping to the street ""Rennes"",next to the station Montparnasse,  for ten minutes."
11134		Nice 39m² Two-room Appartment.  - Good situation and Easily accessible: Metro (Line 13), Tram (Lines 2 + 3), Buses, 500m from Paris' beltway - Internet, Large Format TV, cooking facilities + crockeries, Independant Bathroom + Toilets  Guests will have access to the equipped kitchen:  -2 electric cooktops,  - 1 microwave,  - 1 oven, - 1 Nespresso Coffee Machine (+1 extra filter coffee machine), - 1 bread machine, - 1 toaster, - 1 Cookeo I'd be happy to help you guys and give you all the info you need if i am not away. Pharmacy, grocery stores, tobacco shop, restaurants, fast food restaurants, car rentals are less than a 5 min walk from the doormat and open til 9-10pm For reservations during the week, please try to let me know in advance so that i can organize as i am usually working until 7-8pm
11135		A nice appartment, very well-located (near to Eiffel Tower).
11136	.Situé sur les quais du 15 e et juste à côté du nouveau centre commercial beaugrenelle. Cet appartement très equipé permet de recevoir 5 personnes avec un lit 160 , un canapé lit et un lit gonflable disponible. Aucun vis à vis et de grandes baies vitrées sur tout l appartement. Passez un séjour agréable dans un appartement sans vis à vis à la décoration moderne. Un gardien gère l'immeuble 7j/7 et 24h/24 vous pouvez donc faire appel à lui pour tous renseignements. Profitez aussi dans le quartier du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle, du parc javel A.Citroen à 5mn. Vous pouvez aussi vous rendre sur les Quais pour une promenade en bord de seine. Mon petit bonheur : la tour Eiffel étincelante quand je rentre du métro à chez (website hidden) de taxi à proximité  Métro ligne 10 . RER C  bus (phone number hidden) Gardien H24 double des clés pour les familles  Deux télévisions  Free internet Si possible a l arrivée et au départ  Le nouveau centre commercial beaugrenelle  Le parc javel just	.Situé sur les quais du 15 e et juste à côté du nouveau centre commercial beaugrenelle. Cet appartement très equipé permet de recevoir 5 personnes avec un lit 160 , un canapé lit et un lit gonflable disponible. Aucun vis à vis et de grandes baies vitrées sur tout l appartement. .Situé sur les quais du 15 e et juste à côté du nouveau centre commercial beaugrenelle. Cet appartement très equipé permet de recevoir 5 personnes avec un lit 160 , un canapé lit et un lit gonflable disponible. Aucun vis à vis et de grandes baies vitrées sur tout l appartement. Passez un séjour agréable dans un appartement sans vis à vis à la décoration moderne. Un gardien gère l'immeuble 7j/7 et 24h/24 vous pouvez donc faire appel à lui pour tous renseignements. Profitez aussi dans le quartier du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle, du parc javel A.Citroen à 5mn. Vous pouvez aussi vous rendre sur les Quais pour une promenade en bord de seine. Mon petit bonheur : la tour Eiffel étincelante quand je rentre du 
11137		Appartement 2 pièces chaleureux dans une belle résidence avec accès sécurisé à 2 min des quais André Citroën. 4ème étage avec ascenseur sur cour. Salon/Salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte, 1 chambre, salle de bain/WC. Wifi, machine à laver Quartier calme, avec des commerçants et des restaurants, à 10 min à pied du centre commercial Beaugrenelle. A 5 min à pied du parc André Citroën. A 2 min à pied des quais de Seine,  ballade jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel en 20 min. A 25 min de Versailles château en RER. A 2 min du métro 10 - Javel André Citroën A 2 min du RER C - Javel Accès rapide au bus 62, 72, 88
11138	The flat is located in the lively Javel area with restaurants, bars and the new mall in Paris: Beaugrenelle. There are two bedrooms and one is fully equipped for a baby (bed and changing table). The flat is perfect for a family (with one or two kids) or for two couples.	76m2 quiet apartment, two rooms with double bedrooms, a large living room, kitchen with view on a garden.  Near the Seine river with André Citroën Park at 200 meters, 20 min walk from Eiffel Tower (or one stop with RER C).   The flat is located in the lively Javel area with restaurants, bars and the new mall in Paris: Beaugrenelle. There are two bedrooms and one is fully equipped for a baby (bed and changing table). The flat is perfect for a family (with one or two kids) or for two couples. You will access to the entire apartment, fully equipped: -Bathroom with a bath, towels, soap, shampoo… -2 bedrooms with bed sheets -Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and kettle) -Washing machine -Free wifi -Baby equipment available: bed, highchair, bath -Recently renovated Echanging by email and phone. Depending on dates I will welcome you or friend of me. A pleasant neighborhood with André Citroen park, Seine riverside walk to Eiffel Tower,  Only one RER stop to Eiffel Tower. Beaugrenel
11139		Proche métro Convention et Boucicaut. Théâtre et commerces à deux pas. Nouveau Centre Beaugrenelle, rue du commerce... 5 min à pied du Parc Expo de la porte de Versailles. 15 min  de la Tour Eiffel. Appartement fonctionnel, confortable et lumineux
11140	 Perfect location for romantic stay in Paris This is a very quiet apartment at only 6 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower (rue Beatrix Dussane), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (12 min).  It's very easy to discover Paris from this location : bus, subway are very close. It is close to rue de Lourmel and Rue de Commerce. You ' ll find a lot of shops in a typical parisian life. French, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Lebanese and many other restaurants are within the walking distance from the flat. Traditional Parisian market with fresh products takes place on Wednesdays and Sundays (from 8AM to 2PM) from the Metro Dupleix along Boulevard de Greneille.  This is a safe and pleasant neighborhood    Apartment Description on the 4th floor The apartment is stylly furnished with a wooden floor in the bedroom and white resin in the kitchen and in the bathroom . In the bedroom, you ´ll find a 2 beds ( 80 x 200 cm ), a speed internet connection with the Wi-Fi, flat screen 	 Perfect location for romantic stay in Paris This is a very quiet apartment at only 6 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower (rue Beatrix Dussane), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (12 min).  It's very easy to discover Paris from this location : bus, subway are very close. It is close to rue de Lourmel and Rue de Commerce. You ' ll find a lot of shops in a typical parisian life. French, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Lebanese and many other restaurants are within the walking distance from the flat. Traditional Parisian market with fresh products takes place on Wednesdays and Sundays (from 8AM to 2PM) from the Metro Dupleix along Boulevard de Greneille.  This is a safe and pleasant neighborhood    Apartment Description on the 4th floor The apartment is stylly furnished with a wooden floor in the bedroom and white resin in the kitchen and in the bathroom . In the bedroom, you ´ll find a 2 beds ( 80 x 200 cm ), a speed internet connection with the Wi-Fi, flat screen 
11141	Bonjour,  Il est interdit de fumer à l'interieur du studio, vous pourrez utiliser le balcon dans ce cas. 	Studio de 35 m² situé au 15ème entre plaisance et convention, 2eme etage avec Ascenseur avec Balcon. Appartement très lumineux et agréable. Un coin cuisine et une salle de bain bien répartie. Tout l'appartement est retapé à neuf. Bonjour,  Il est interdit de fumer à l'interieur du studio, vous pourrez utiliser le balcon dans ce cas. Les stations Plaisance (Ligne 13) et convention (Ligne 12) sont à 6 minutes à pieds chacune. Vous pouvez aussi les rejoindre par le bus 62 qui passe devant l'immeuble. Il y a aussi le bus 95 et qui ramène dans un sens au trameway T3A, et dans l'autre sens à montparnasse(5 stations).
11142	The flat is on a quiet street, close to shops and transport. 20 minutes away from the Eiffel tower on foot It is quite spacious, on the groundfloor, but hasnt seen a decorator in a while the Room itself is not streetside. It has its own acces to the courtyard where you can enjoy a nice breakfast or cup of tea on the table outside while listening to the building breathe life. The bed is comfortable and spacious	As a student in Paris, I am renting out a nice, quiet room in my flat to be able to give the place a fresh lick of paint!  Students & travellers who don't mind old fashioned wallpaper and flaking paint are more than welcome ! The flat is on a quiet street, close to shops and transport. 20 minutes away from the Eiffel tower on foot It is quite spacious, on the groundfloor, but hasnt seen a decorator in a while the Room itself is not streetside. It has its own acces to the courtyard where you can enjoy a nice breakfast or cup of tea on the table outside while listening to the building breathe life. The bed is comfortable and spacious All the basics are there ! cooker/oven, microwave, fridge, cooking equipment washing machine/dryer, ironning board + iron  Flatscreen TV with home cinema are available in the living room. PC and printer are available as well if needed A Hi-Fi system is installed in the room, for any music fanatics And if you so wish, my guitars will be available if you fancy
11143	One bedroom with a double bed, private water closet, bathroom with a bathtub. Sunny living room with elegant furniture, a small balcony, indoor plants, a sofa-bed (2 people) & a TV with a DVD player. Fully equipped kitchen, and a washing machine for your clothes. WiFi Internet access.	*Close to the Salon de l'Automobile!* Comfortable apartment in a well-attended building :  for 2+2 people (bed+sofa-bed), close to the subway (line 8) and various stores & services. One bedroom with a double bed, private water closet, bathroom with a bathtub. Sunny living room with elegant furniture, a small balcony, indoor plants, a sofa-bed (2 people) & a TV with a DVD player. Fully equipped kitchen, and a washing machine for your clothes. WiFi Internet access. Towels and bad sheets are included. All household appliances are at your disposal : coffe machine, microwave, 4-burner stove, oven, dishwasher, etc. The apartment is yours during your stay: we will only be present on your arrival and departure to show you around ! We will keep in touch via mail and cellphone. Quiet, family-friendly neighborhood. 25 minutes tops from most of the must-see places : the Opéra & the luxury stores, the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre Museum, the Orsay Museum, the Marais district, the Montorgueil district..
11144	"Appartement: - ground floor only on inner courtyard / very calm no noise from street ;  - entry code security system;  - surface area: 43m2;  - 1 fully equipped kitchen;  - 1 living room with one double bed;  - 1 bedroom with two signle beds;  - 1 baby bed  - 1 bathroom for shower or bath with a washing machine, a dryer…;  - 1 WC;  - 1 secured garage for your car at 1 minute by foot; - unlimited Wi-Fi internet access;  - books and cook books;  - maps of Paris;  - sheets and towels included.  The apartment is sunny (windows all rooms) and calm. Location:  The 15th arrondissement is a typical Parisian district, very pleasant and quiet area. My street is calm and safe. My apartment is located just next to the famous shopping street ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find anything you need (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... ). There is also a very nice small public garden there.  At the Motte Piquet Grenelle station, "	"Appartement: - ground floor only on inner courtyard / very calm no noise from street ;  - entry code security system;  - surface area: 43m2;  - 1 fully equipped kitchen;  - 1 living room with one double bed;  - 1 bedroom with two signle beds;  - 1 baby bed  - 1 bathroom for shower or bath with a washing machine, a dryer…;  - 1 WC;  - 1 secured garage for your car at 1 minute by foot; - unlimited Wi-Fi internet access;  - books and cook books;  - maps of Paris;  - sheets and towels included.  The apartment is sunny (windows all rooms) and calm. Location:  The 15th arrondissement is a typical Parisian district, very pleasant and quiet area. My street is calm and safe. My apartment is located just next to the famous shopping street ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find anything you need (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... ). There is also a very nice small public garden there.  At the Motte Piquet Grenelle station, "
11145	L'appartement est propre et lumineux, dans un quartier calme et commerçant. A 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et au bord de la Seine, l'appartement est desservit par la ligne 6 du métro qui traverse Paris.  Idéal pour un couple ou un voyage entre amis, il est entièrement équipé et vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour dans la capitale.	Lovely appartement (40m2) 5 minutes walk from Eiffel Tower (Bir Hakeim subway). 1 room, 1 living room with a sleeping sofa, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom Very bright, the apartment is fully furnished with internet connexion. Safe and quiet neighborhood. Minimum 3 days booking L'appartement est propre et lumineux, dans un quartier calme et commerçant. A 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et au bord de la Seine, l'appartement est desservit par la ligne 6 du métro qui traverse Paris.  Idéal pour un couple ou un voyage entre amis, il est entièrement équipé et vous permettra de profiter pleinement de votre séjour dans la capitale. La totalité de l'appartement. The all apartment. Nous sommes joignables à tout moment par mail ou téléphone pour vous renseigner durant votre séjour. You can contact us whenever you need by mail or phone. Quartier calme, sur et commerçant. Safe and very parisian area with bakeries, fromageries down the street. Lots of nice restaurants and cafés around. The Eiffel Tower is 5 mi
11146		"Quiet room on court, in a large and charming flat, with a balcony with a view on the Eiffel tower.Possible access to a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with a bath tube, living room and dinning room. The flat is at a walking distance from the Eiffel tower and very close to the Seine river and to the Parc André Citroën. I will be very glad to help you to enjoy your stay in Paris, giving to you advices and adresses for a real parisian trip ! The flat is located in a very pleasant and quiet area, in the shopping street ""Saint Charles"", where you can find the moste delicate french food and wine.  You can walk to many places or have a bike ride to Eiffel Tower, musée du Quai Branly, musée Guimet, Palais de Tokyo for contemporary art, musée d'Orsay and many other spots. Seine river is at 5 minutes walk. Metro line 8 and 10 RER C Javel (direct to Eiffel Tower, Versailles Castle, Musée d'Orsay, Saint Michel...) Buses 42 (direct to Gare du Nord), 62, 88... Stations for Velib' bikes nearby"
11147	Totally furnished triplex family flat available capacity 6 personnes 3 beds for 2 persons and a nice lobby (+ additional convertible sofa)	Triplex, building 1900, 90 m2 3 independent bedrooms plus room with hammock  Triple living room (2 sofas, 1 convertible) Living-room with large volumes  Complete bathroom  Shower  Additional WC Nicely located and fully equipped floor 3 Totally furnished triplex family flat available capacity 6 personnes 3 beds for 2 persons and a nice lobby (+ additional convertible sofa) Excepted for a small bedroom (10 sqm) the flat is totally accessible please send either mail to (email hidden) or (phone number hidden) in case or a problem parc Georges Brassens residential and calm area close to the center the building is ancient and quite weakly insonorised; in order to quietly disfruit late time, just go upstairs bus 89 (Luxembourg) bus 62 (Alésia, or Parc André Citroen) bus 95 (Louvre, St Germain, Montparnasse) bus 88 (RER Denfert) métros Convention or Plaisance (lines 12/13) Recently refit apartment 3 beds for 2 persons, and a convertible sofa An additional convertible sofa in the living room ma
11148	appartement en hauteur, vue dégagée. Très agréable.	Bel appartement lumineux, vue dégagée. Pour 1, 2 ou 3 personnes chambre à coucher lit double et canapé double au salon. à 15 minutes de la tour Eiffel, des Invalides et du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et à proximité des commerces et restaurants. appartement en hauteur, vue dégagée. Très agréable.
11149	The studio is 33 sq meters and has a separate kitchen (including oven, microwave, boiler, pots, pan.. basically everything you need to cook and eat). The floor is brand new, as is the furniture. Wireless internet is included as well as a wide range of TV channels.  The bathroom is clean and wide (bathtub & washing machine inside). The Sofa is convertible and can eventually welcome 2 more guests !	My cosy studio will be your perfect landing place right in the middle of Paris and close to all of the main attractions: Eiffel Tower, Beaugrenelle shopping center, Champs Elysees and much more! The studio is 33 sq meters and has a separate kitchen (including oven, microwave, boiler, pots, pan.. basically everything you need to cook and eat). The floor is brand new, as is the furniture. Wireless internet is included as well as a wide range of TV channels.  The bathroom is clean and wide (bathtub & washing machine inside). The Sofa is convertible and can eventually welcome 2 more guests ! You will have access to the full apartment, therefore you'll be able to use the kitchen, bathroom and living room as you like. First contact by mail, then we can eventually talk on video before meeting in person to give you the keys. I will probably be around while you are enjoying Paris, either way I will have a friend help you should you have any problem with the studio :) Located in a safe neighborh
11150		Appartement au coeur du 15 ème arrondissement, à 2 mins à pied du Métro Vaugirard ou Convention (ligne 12).  Commerces à moins de 5 mins à pied. Appartemment situé à 25 minutes à pied de la Tour eiffel. Quartier et rue calmes ! Lovely area, quiet and with a lot of shops! Very close to the subway  :line 12 (stop  Convention or Vaugirard) , at 2 mins walk. 10 mins walk to the line 8 ( Stop: Commerce)  A lot of buses near the flat too!
11151	This typical parisian apartment is in a haussmanien style building and with wooden floor, on 3rd floor, with an elevator. Access code at the entrance of the building. Very well organized, it is a 506 ft² with a very quiet room with a double bed (sheets and towel included), a spacious lounge with a sofa-bed and with an open kitchen fully equipped, and a very nice bathroom. There are a washing machine and a dishwasher. Internet (WIFI) is available at a very high speed through the fiber. Moreover, a very big screen and a home-cinema allow to have a quiet evening. It is a pretty, clean, quiet and very SAFE area. Around the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : excellent bakeries, a supermarket just accross the street open from 8am until 11pm, the rue du Commerce that is a very well knonw street for shooping is at 5 minutes by walking (wine shops, cheese shops, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumeries... ) Walking distance from Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes : in late evening	This typical parisian apartment is in a haussmanien style building and with wooden floor, on 3rd floor, with an elevator. Access code at the entrance of the building. Very well organized, it is a 506 ft² with a very quiet room with a double bed (sheets and towel included), a spacious lounge with a sofa-bed and with an open kitchen fully equipped, and a very nice bathroom. There are a washing machine and a dishwasher. Internet (WIFI) is available at a very high speed through the fiber. Moreover, a very big screen and a home-cinema allow to have a quiet evening. It is a pretty, clean, quiet and very SAFE area. Around the apartment, you will find all the commodities you need : excellent bakeries, a supermarket just accross the street open from 8am until 11pm, the rue du Commerce that is a very well knonw street for shooping is at 5 minutes by walking (wine shops, cheese shops, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumeries... ) Walking distance from Eiffel Tower is 10 minutes : in late evening
11152		Joli studio de 22m2 situé dans le beau quartier convention dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Proche de tous commerce, tel que boulangerie,épicerie fine, supermarchés, fleuriste, fast food, tabac... A seulement 5min de la station convention,  
11153	"The Studio has been totally renovated this year. An architect helped us to get the best of the small 17m2 space we had, and we think the result is remarkable. It is located at the Ground Level of a typical ""Haussmannien"" Parisian building of the 19th century, so you will have no stairs to climb with your suitcase. The window shows on rue Nicolas Charlet, a quiet street of 15ème arrondissement."	"Just next to Montparnasse Tower : the most beautiful view of Paris. Many transportations and all you need just around : Stores, Restaurants, Lafayette Department store and rue de Rennes for shopping. 20 min from Eiffel Tower and Notre-Dame... Enjoy ! The Studio has been totally renovated this year. An architect helped us to get the best of the small 17m2 space we had, and we think the result is remarkable. It is located at the Ground Level of a typical ""Haussmannien"" Parisian building of the 19th century, so you will have no stairs to climb with your suitcase. The window shows on rue Nicolas Charlet, a quiet street of 15ème arrondissement. Montparnasse neighborhood is animated. You will find all you need just around : many Restaurants, Cafés, Bars, Cinema, Theater, a Department Store, Supermarkets, a Traditional market and Convenience Stores. The central building of the area is a lonely skyscraper : Montparnasse Tower, from which you can admire the most beautiful view of Paris. Few tou"
11154	Très bel appartement parisien typique de 48m2, cosy, style boutique vintage. Très lumineux et silencieux. Situé au 4éme étage sans ascenseur. Distribution en étoile comprenant une grande chambre avec lit 160x200cm , un séjour / salle à manger, une grande cuisine séparée, une salle de bains et un dressing.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec évier, plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes/four, machine Nespresso ainsi que de nombreux rangements.  La salle de bain comporte douche, lavabo et toilettes ainsi que des serviettes propres à votre disposition. Il y a un sèche-cheveux.  Le salon est agréable avec parquet, un grand canapé convertible (il convient parfaitement à 2 enfants voire 2 adultes), table, chaises et télévision à écran-plat + Internet Wi-Fi gratuit. --- Typical and nice 48m2 parisian flat, very cosy, luminuous and quiet located in a small and very peaceful one-way street. 20-minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 20-minutes walk from Le Bon Marché. 4th floor by ste	Un agréable appartement dans lequel vous vous sentirez comme chez vous situé à très courte distance des principales attractions parisiennes : 10 min de la Tour Eiffel, 15 min de la place de la Concorde et des Champs Elysées ! Quartier vivant ! Très bel appartement parisien typique de 48m2, cosy, style boutique vintage. Très lumineux et silencieux. Situé au 4éme étage sans ascenseur. Distribution en étoile comprenant une grande chambre avec lit 160x200cm , un séjour / salle à manger, une grande cuisine séparée, une salle de bains et un dressing.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec évier, plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes/four, machine Nespresso ainsi que de nombreux rangements.  La salle de bain comporte douche, lavabo et toilettes ainsi que des serviettes propres à votre disposition. Il y a un sèche-cheveux.  Le salon est agréable avec parquet, un grand canapé convertible (il convient parfaitement à 2 enfants voire 2 adultes), table, chaises et télévision à écran-pla
11155	It is a fully equiped studio with everything you need. Sheets provided. The loo is on the landing.  Studio équipé avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin. Draps fournis. Toilette sur le palier.	Typical Parisian maid's room furnished with real bed. The loo is on the landing. 7th floor with lift not far from the Eiffel Tower. Petit studio meublé avec toilette sur le palier et ascenseur. Vrai lit. Proche Tour Eiffel. Quartier sympa. It is a fully equiped studio with everything you need. Sheets provided. The loo is on the landing.  Studio équipé avec tout ce dont vous avez besoin. Draps fournis. Toilette sur le palier. Not far on foot from the Eiffel Tower and Ecole Militaire. Great area with restaurants and bars not far. La Tour Eiffel est accessible à pied.  Des bars et restaurants à proximité. C'est un quartier tres sympa.  25 mins from Gard du Nord. Very accessible (Metro Cambronne and La Motte Piquet - 6, 8, 10).  3 stops from Montparnasse Station.  Acces par metro 6, 8, 10 - La Motte Piquet et Cambronne. 3 Stations de Montparnasse. 25 mins de Gare du Nord
11156	A quiet, bright, and fully furnished 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of Paris! 5 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. The neighborhood is very safe and lively. Just around the corner you can find many shops, restaurants and bars. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms with 2 queen sized beds, a spacious living-room, a small bathroom and a kitchen. Pillows, sheets, blankets and bath towels are provided. It is on the 3rd floor, there is no elevator in the building. Metro stations (line 6, 8 and 10) and bus stops are literally at the bottom of the apartment. The time for check-in and check-out is quite flexible, it can be discussed before arrival.  If you need advice of any kind, I am at your service at any day and time! :)	A charming 2BD, fully furnished and equipped, just 5min away from the Eiffel Tower by walk. Very lively neighborhood with many restaurants, shops & bars. Literally 1min away from metro station. It will allow you to enjoy the full parisian experience! A quiet, bright, and fully furnished 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of Paris! 5 minutes by walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. The neighborhood is very safe and lively. Just around the corner you can find many shops, restaurants and bars. The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms with 2 queen sized beds, a spacious living-room, a small bathroom and a kitchen. Pillows, sheets, blankets and bath towels are provided. It is on the 3rd floor, there is no elevator in the building. Metro stations (line 6, 8 and 10) and bus stops are literally at the bottom of the apartment. The time for check-in and check-out is quite flexible, it can be discussed before arrival.  If you need advice of any kind, I am at your service at any day and time! :
11157		Studio de 22m² entièrement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement à 15-20 min. de la tour eiffel à pied. Metro 13 (plaisance) et 12 (convention) à coté. Disponible à partir du 24 Juillet jusqu'au 15 septembre.
11158	On the ground floor, the flat can welcome 2 people. In the main room, you will find a confortable bed, a small kitchen with a ceramic hub, a microwaves and a kettle.  In the bathroom, there is a shower cubicle, a wc and a washing machine.  The 15th district is a safe area and you will be at 5 min from the metro station Boucicaut (line 8).	A cosy, ground floor apartment, in the heart of the 15th district of Paris. It has all you need: a confortable bed, kitchen, bathroom, supermarkets nearby. 5 min from the metro station Boucicaut and Convention On the ground floor, the flat can welcome 2 people. In the main room, you will find a confortable bed, a small kitchen with a ceramic hub, a microwaves and a kettle.  In the bathroom, there is a shower cubicle, a wc and a washing machine.  The 15th district is a safe area and you will be at 5 min from the metro station Boucicaut (line 8). I speak French, English, Portuguese and Vietnamese.  I will receive you and you can contact me by phone ou by mail. Dynamic and safe district, it's really easy to get to the center of Paris.  Metro 8 Boucicaut Metro 12 Convention  Bus 39, 62, 80 If you send me a request for the flat, please precise at what time you'd like to do the check in and the check out, I'll be able to answer you quickly and to organize better myself. Thanks in advance ! :
11159	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero. Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your towels. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique expe
11160	Cuisine ouverte sur Salon/Chambre équipé et meublé: frigo, plaques, four, presse-agrume, toaster, machine à laver, table haute + chaises, table de salon extensible + chaises, clic-clac confortable pour 2 personnes, matelas 1 personne aussi disponible. Mur extérieur consistant de 2 baies vitrées + balcons vous offrant une superbe vue des toits et monuments de Paris! A 50m du métro Dupleix (ligne 6) A 5 min à pied de La Motte Piquet Grenelle (ligne 6, 8 et 10) A 5 min à pied de Bir-Hakeim (ligne 6 et RER C) La ligne 6 peut vous conduire aux Champs Elysées en  10 min.  	Cuisine ouverte sur Salon/Chambre équipé et meublé: frigo, plaques, four, presse-agrume, toaster, machine à laver, table haute + chaises, table de salon extensible + chaises, clic-clac confortable pour 2 personnes, matelas 1 personne aussi disponible. Mur extérieur consistant de 2 baies vitrées + balcons vous offrant une superbe vue des toits et monuments de Paris! A 50m du métro Dupleix (ligne 6) A 5 min à pied de La Motte Piquet Grenelle (ligne 6, 8 et 10) A 5 min à pied de Bir-Hakeim (ligne 6 et RER C) La ligne 6 peut vous conduire aux Champs Elysées en  10 min.  
11161		Appartement en plein centre du 15eme. Vue sur de la Tour Eiffel, rue très commerçante et animée (saint Charles). A deux pas de Beaugrennelle (centre commercial), l'île des cygnes (Statue de la liberté), proche Invalides, quais de seine...
11162	Résidence typique des années 50 : meublée et décorée dans le même esprit... WIFI Lave linge+lave vaisselle Frigo Un placard vide Si possible l'occasion de la remise des clés sinon je laisse un petit vademaecum dans l'appartement. Tout à portée de main : 2 supermarchés dont un ouvert jusqu'à 22h y compris le dimanche ; plein de restaurants de tous types : cuisine française (le Buron, l'Os à moëlle), libanais (Al Wady) , espagnol (Casa Eusebio), Corse (Mare e monti) ; pharmacie ouverte 7 jours sur 7 ; Starbucks à 5 mn à pieds et plein d'autres bars sympa (carrefour Boucicaut). Ligne 8 (métro Lourmel) + bus 42 La ligne 8 dessert : l'Ecole militaire (tour Effeil), Invalides, Opéra, Bastille, République...	Ideal to visit Paris (near the Eiffel tower ; nice neighourhood : shops and metro downstairs (line 8 :  Lourmel) ;  double living room (with air conditioning) ; 3 bedrooms ; wifi ;  2 balconies (to have breakfast outside) ; very sunny (5th floor...)
11163	Beautiful Furnished Apartment All Equipped Quiet and with double exposure for access to Privatif Garden	Beautiful Furnished Apartment fully equipped. 15th Paris Porte de Versailles. Living room, Kitchen Dining Room , Bathroom . Near Metro, buses and trams . Ideal for visiting Paris and the rooms of the Porte de Versailles events + Palais des Sports Beautiful Furnished Apartment All Equipped Quiet and with double exposure for access to Privatif Garden Private access to housing I live near this property Contact easy At the heart of the very chic 15th Arrondissemnt of Paris , near the Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles and the Palais des Sports. Very lively area with many shops and restaurants Metro Line 12 Station Porte de Versailles Tram lines T2 and T3 Bus lines 39 , 80, 62, N 13 , N62 , Velib station taxis Best Home will be reserved
11164		'  Two cozy rooms in a quiet area close to Montparnasse and Convention. \ N  Can accommodate three people comfortably: room with a view of the Eiffel Tower, spacious kitchen, fully equipped, balcony.  '
11165	71m² refaits à neufs intérieur et extérieur.  Ce logement est mon petit nid, alors j'en ai pris grand soin. Il y a tout le confort moderne disponible; lave vaisselle, lave linge, micro-onde, Wifi par la Freebox. Le luxe est d'aller faire un petit plongeon dans la piscine du 30ème étage après une journée parisienne, ou de prendre un verre sur le balcon.	Gouttez au charme et au confort au 20e étage. Une des vues les plus exceptionnelles de Paris, depuis les deux terrasses de ce spacieux appartement. Plein sud et ouest pour suivre le soleil toute la journée. Entièrement refait à neuf cette année. 71m² refaits à neufs intérieur et extérieur.  Ce logement est mon petit nid, alors j'en ai pris grand soin. Il y a tout le confort moderne disponible; lave vaisselle, lave linge, micro-onde, Wifi par la Freebox. Le luxe est d'aller faire un petit plongeon dans la piscine du 30ème étage après une journée parisienne, ou de prendre un verre sur le balcon. L'immeuble est gardé 24h sur 24, par des agents de sécurité. Double digicode d'accès. Double accès depuis deux rues. Métro très proche. (Plaisance) Je suis joignable par mail ou téléphone pour tout renseignement, ainsi que des conseils pour le séjour. Paris est une ville que j'adore et j'aime donner des bonnes adresses et des idées de visites inédites et insolites. L'avantage du quartier est d'êt
11166	36m2 loft + 10m2 terrace in the 15th arrondissement. Last floor with elevator and views to the Eiffel tower., which is in 15-20min walking distance. Recently renovated, one bedroom with doublebed + sofa/doublebed in the living room.	36m2 loft + 10m2 terrace in the 15th arrondissement. Last floor with elevator and views to the Eiffel tower..
11167	B & B  VERY  BIG  TERRASE BEST  VEW  TOWER EIFFEL                                  PARIS  CENTER                                WIFI   PARKING    GYM   	B & B  VERY  BIG  TERRASE BEST  VEW  TOWER EIFFEL                                  PARIS  CENTER                                WIFI   PARKING    GYM   
11168	Appartement haussmannien, parquet, cheminée dans chaque pièce	Appartement comprenant : 2 chambres ( lits deux places) une salle de bain ( douche ) un grand salon, fonctionnel. Petit balcon, quartier très agréable et calme. Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes maximum. Accès wifi. Une télé dans une chambre plus une autre dans le salon. Metro lignes 6 et 13 a moins de 10mn Appartement haussmannien, parquet, cheminée dans chaque pièce Commerces à disposition
11169	In early 2010 this former Sewing workshop has been totally renovated and transformed into a LOFT by a group of Parisian Designers and Artist. It will make you live a unique experience in Paris ! We fondly call the apartment “La FASHION ROOM”. It is located on the ground level of a prestigious 19th century Parisian building. It is a one bedroom and will accommodate 2 or 3 persons, 325 square feet.  The apartment features :  a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen in Corian with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker (Nespresso), kettle, refrigerator,  cooking plates, pans, …    a dining area with a table and 2 chairs   a living area with a rocking chair   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed  with a mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a wardrobe   an Italian style shower room from BOFFI (shower, WC, sink, washer)    FREE WIFI PS : The apartment is full of light, it has 3 windows and 2 skylight (one over the kitchen /dining area 	This former Sewing workshop has been recently renovated and transformed into a LOFT by Parisian Designers and Artist. It will make you live a unique experience in Paris close to Pte de Versailles and Eiffel Tower ! 15 min walking. In early 2010 this former Sewing workshop has been totally renovated and transformed into a LOFT by a group of Parisian Designers and Artist. It will make you live a unique experience in Paris ! We fondly call the apartment “La FASHION ROOM”. It is located on the ground level of a prestigious 19th century Parisian building. It is a one bedroom and will accommodate 2 or 3 persons, 325 square feet.  The apartment features :  a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen in Corian with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker (Nespresso), kettle, refrigerator,  cooking plates, pans, …    a dining area with a table and 2 chairs   a living area with a rocking chair   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed  with a ma
11170	Appartement simple, sans raffinement décoratif mais fonctionnel et bien placé.	Petite chambre avec 2 lits superposés, un bureau, une salle de bain partagée avec la maisonnée, dans un appartement de 90m² au rez-de-chaussée à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel. Idéal pied à terre pour un séjour touristique et culturel pour deux amis. Appartement simple, sans raffinement décoratif mais fonctionnel et bien placé. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'entrée, à la cuisine, à la salle à manger / salon, à la chambre même, et aux 2 pièces sanitaires (toilettes, et salle de bain). Je parle anglais, italien, français, je peux ainsi conseiller les voyageurs sur les activités culturelles et touristiques présentes dans Paris et dans ses environs. Le quartier n'est pas le plus vivant de Paris, cependant il est proche de tout et connecté grâce aux métros 6, 8, 10, au RER C, et aux nombreux bus. L'appartement est situé juste à côté de la Tour Eiffel, du Trocadéro, des Invalides, notamment. Tous les types de commerces sont présents dans les environs : supermarché, McDonald's, Starbucks, etc. ; 
11171	An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 people is perfect for your family or business trips. You are in walking distance from Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is situated on the 1st floor with elevator. There is one bedroom with double bed and a lot of space for your clothes! Three wardrobes, one of which is along the wall with a mirror, are all at your disposal. In the living room you will find a sofa bed for two persons, TV , WIFI and a little table near sofa and a table for work. The room is brightful, big windows give a lot of light. The american kitchen is fully equipped : cooker, cofee machine, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine, etc… In the bathroom there is a shower as well as the toilet. Clean linen, sheets, towels, shampoo, toilet paper and shower gel are provided. Very lively commercial area with a lot of shops nearby. A little square is just in 2 minutes walking. Near the apartment you will find a wide range of amenities and services: bakery, supermarkets, banks, pha	An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 persons is perfect for your family or business trip. You are in walking distance from Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is situated on the 1st floor. An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 people is perfect for your family or business trips. You are in walking distance from Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is situated on the 1st floor with elevator. There is one bedroom with double bed and a lot of space for your clothes! Three wardrobes, one of which is along the wall with a mirror, are all at your disposal. In the living room you will find a sofa bed for two persons, TV , WIFI and a little table near sofa and a table for work. The room is brightful, big windows give a lot of light. The american kitchen is fully equipped : cooker, cofee machine, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine, etc… In the bathroom there is a shower as well as the toilet. Clean linen, sheets, towels, shampoo, toilet paper and shower gel are provided. Very lively co
11172	Очаровательная спальня на 5-ом этаже типичного парижского дома, в 10 минутах ходьбы от Эйфелевой башни. Комната с балкончиком, с беспроводным wi-fi. В комнате имеется двуспальная кровать, ночной столик большое зеркало и очень хорошая световая Лампа.	"Очаровательная спальня на 5-ом этаже типичного парижского дома, в 10 минутах ходьбы от Эйфелевой башни. Комната с балкончиком, с беспроводным wi-fi. В комнате имеется двуспальная кровать, ночной столик большое зеркало и очень хорошая световая Лампа. Туалет и ванна находятся раздельно.Вы можете пользоваться кухней с электрической печью, столовыми приборами, стиральной машиной, холодильником и морозильником. Постельное белье и полотенца входят в стоимость. Супермаркеты, пекарни и бистро находятся всего в нескольких шагах. А так же по средам и воскресеньям работает открытый рынок, который находиться в 3 минутах ходьбы. Квартира расположена в 100м от станции метро и в 200м от большого супермаркета. Тихий, спокойный район в 5ти минутах от парка, 10 минутах ходьбы от Эйфелевой башни. В нескольких шагах от метро,магазинов,и большого супермаркет""а. 2 станции метро Dupleix и Motte picquet de grenelle."
11173	WIFI Plancha 	Situé dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris, cet appartement de 30m² est vraiment l'idéal pour passer quelques jours dans la capital durant l'été. Vous pouvez également jouir d'un jardin aussi grand que l'appartement. A 5min du métro Convention. WIFI Plancha Chambre de 11m² avec un lit double et un matelas 1place supplémentaire. Rangements multiples, bureau. Cuisine avec four, micro-onde, plaques, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. Salle de bain avec douche, WC et lavabo. Jardin avec mobilier. Je suis disponible à vous aider et vous donner quelques conseils. Proche convention, porte de Versailles. Très calme Quartier avec de très bons restaurants. Quelques endroits vraiment atypiques à moins de 10min. Métro 12  Tram 2 et 3 Première machine à laver gratuite, puis 2euros par nettoyage. Attention: nous ne fournissons pas: serviettes de toilette, nécessaire de toilette. Pour les repas, certains produits vous seront disponibles comme les épices, le beurre, la confiture...
11174	Enjoy your stay in Paris like real parisians people with your friends or your family 	Very nice parisian apartment located in the center of Paris close to Eiffel Tower, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathroom, quiet and well equiped( machines, Internet WIFI) Metro or bus downstairs , restaurants and shoping around Enjoy your stay in Paris like real parisians people with your friends or your family  The day of your arrival, you have to pick up the key in a office in the 7th arr. If you arrive at the evening or the Week End , we have a place in the same area where you pick up the key. Please be quiet and respectful to neighborough and leave the place as clean as possible ( we will charge you 50 € HT if you leave a dirty apartment). Residential area but lively with restaurants and food shops. Quiet and sure area Metro, bus 
11175	Very charming bright 60m2 appartment with balcony at the 5ft and last floor (elevator) of an Haussmanian style building. Located in the 15th district in a safe,lively and typical area of Paris. Walking distance to the Eiffel tower and new Beaugrenelle mall. Subway,buses at 100m from the appartement. Les animaux ne sont pas acceptés Grand balcon pour les fumeurs Respect du voisinage	Very charming bright 60m2 appartment with balcony at the 5ft and last floor (elevator) of an Haussmanian style building. Located in the 15th district in a safe,lively and typical area of Paris. Walking distance to the Eiffel tower and new Beaugrenelle mall. Subway,buses at 100m from the appartement.
11176		          Nice appart brand new One bedroom very close from eiffel tower , beaugrenelle aera , very nice situated next to metro commerce  you will enjoy your trip in this amazing appartement brand new it s a new appartement available since febrary 
11177		    Grand studio de 28 m2 aménagé près de la Tour Eiffel et Champs Elysées entièrement insonorisé pour deux personnes.      
11178	This cozy apartment (355ft²) is perfect for couples who want to live an authentic Parisian experience. It is located in the very safe neighborhood ‘Tour Eiffel - Champs de Mars’.  The building is equipped with an electronic entry code as well as a doorman. The ground floor flat overlooks in a private courtyard. The area surrounding your Paris address is predominantly residential in character with a healthy mix of neighborhood commerce and conveniences. Only one block away you'll find a varied assortment of restaurants, cozy bistros, tea-rooms and brasseries. Each Wednesday and Sunday morning is a lively open-air farmer's market. Only 4 minutes walk to Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars park, and 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées. • BathroomLiving room The high ceiling living room has a sofa that converts to comfy full size bed, a flat TV screen with cable HD channels and stereo system. • Bathroom The bathroom contains a shower, a sink and a new washing machine. Towels are provided. 	This cozy apartment (355ft²) is perfect for couples who want to live an authentic Parisian experience. It is located in the very safe neighborhood ‘Tour Eiffel - Champs de Mars’.  The building is equipped with an electronic entry code as well as a doorman. The ground floor flat overlooks in a private courtyard. The area surrounding your Paris address is predominantly residential in character with a healthy mix of neighborhood commerce and conveniences. Only one block away you'll find a varied assortment of restaurants, cozy bistros, tea-rooms and brasseries. Each Wednesday and Sunday morning is a lively open-air farmer's market. Only 4 minutes walk to Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars park, and 15 minutes away from the Champs Elysées. • BathroomLiving room The high ceiling living room has a sofa that converts to comfy full size bed, a flat TV screen with cable HD channels and stereo system. • Bathroom The bathroom contains a shower, a sink and a new washing machine. Towels are provided. 
11179		Located in Cambronne, a quiet area of Paris (which is rare in this town), you will appreciate the good location of my room. Cafes, restaurant, bakers, gourmet trade, shopping center, public swimming pool etc, you will find all you need (is love). Located in Cambronne, a quiet area of Paris (which is rare in this town), you will appreciate the good location of my room. Cafes, restaurant, bakers, gourmet trade, shopping center, public swimming pool etc, you will find all you need (is love).
11180		Charmant deux pièces claire et calme à proximité des commerces
11181	Located in the heart of Paris: - Many shops, restaurants, supermarkets nearby - 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower - 5 minutes from Montparnasse - 10 minutes of Sait-Michel - 10 minutes from the Champs-Elysées Beautiful Parisian apartment of 60m, bright and quiet, completely renovated: - An entry with storage - One bedroom with double bed, a wardrobe, desk space TV, DVD - A double room with sofa + sofa bed, coffee table, cabinets, TV, Hi-Fi .. - A dining area (6 people) - A fully equipped kitchen (induction plates, microwave, fridge-freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine ...) + counter stools (3 people) - A bathroom (shower, toilet, washbasin, cupboard) - Separate toilet (toilet, sink) Address: 18 Rue Miollis 75015 Paris Transport: - Metro Cambronne (line 6) - Metro Ségur (line 10) - Metro Michel-Ange Auteuil (line 9) - Bus Lines: 80, 89 - Taxi station in front of the metro Cambronne - Station Velib and Autolib ' Fiber internet access, telephone and TV 110cm. Towels and shee	Located in the heart of Paris: - Many shops, restaurants, supermarkets nearby - 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower - 5 minutes from Montparnasse - 10 minutes of Sait-Michel - 10 minutes from the Champs-Elysées Beautiful Parisian apartment of 60m, bright and quiet, completely renovated: - An entry with storage - One bedroom with double bed, a wardrobe, desk space TV, DVD - A double room with sofa + sofa bed, coffee table, cabinets, TV, Hi-Fi .. - A dining area (6 people) - A fully equipped kitchen (induction plates, microwave, fridge-freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine ...) + counter stools (3 people) - A bathroom (shower, toilet, washbasin, cupboard) - Separate toilet (toilet, sink) Address: 18 Rue Miollis 75015 Paris Transport: - Metro Cambronne (line 6) - Metro Ségur (line 10) - Metro Michel-Ange Auteuil (line 9) - Bus Lines: 80, 89 - Taxi station in front of the metro Cambronne - Station Velib and Autolib ' Fiber internet access, telephone and TV 110cm. Towels and shee
11182	Just a step from the Eiffel Tower, in an area residential and very safe(sure) of the city of Paris, this bright 50 square meter studio is situated in the fifth floor of a modern building with two elevators.  Three big windows look onto gardens the peace of which is disturbed only by the singings(songs) of birds.  The very spacious studio is decorated with elegance, and equipped with a television screen of 50 ' with channels, HD, with a stereo system and with an unlimited access to wireless high-speed Internet, with a printer.  This Parisian apartment has a complete cooking(kitchen) which includes: electric microwave plate(patch), oven, oven, big refrigerator, freezer, kitchen sink, washing machine, iron, vacuum cleaner, barkeeper(coffeepot), kettle and toaster, contemporary dishes(crockery) and service parts of table.  The refreshed marble bathroom of a big shower, a spacious kitchen sink, a hairdryer, a bathroom linen and toilets. It also has a big bed in the cupboard, a bedding,big s	Just a step from the Eiffel Tower, in an area residential and very safe(sure) of the city of Paris, this bright 50 square meter studio is situated in the fifth floor of a modern building with two elevators.  Three big windows look onto gardens the peace of which is disturbed only by the singings(songs) of birds.  The very spacious studio is decorated with elegance, and equipped with a television screen of 50 ' with channels, HD, with a stereo system and with an unlimited access to wireless high-speed Internet, with a printer.  This Parisian apartment has a complete cooking(kitchen) which includes: electric microwave plate(patch), oven, oven, big refrigerator, freezer, kitchen sink, washing machine, iron, vacuum cleaner, barkeeper(coffeepot), kettle and toaster, contemporary dishes(crockery) and service parts of table.  The refreshed marble bathroom of a big shower, a spacious kitchen sink, a hairdryer, a bathroom linen and toilets. It also has a big bed in the cupboard, a bedding,big s
11183	WIFI, AC, heater, laundry service in the building sleep 4 people, 2 in bed (queen size) This apartment is only a few steps away from the Eiffel Tower, and 5 minutes away (by metro) from the Champs Elysees.  It is located on the last floor of a building with elevator, and it has a beautiful view over La Seine and the Trocadero... From this apartment, you will be able to reach all the major touristic sites such as Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre, the St. Germain district and Saint. Michel (Notre Dame), and even the Palace of Versailles, within a few minutes!  You will also be a close to the Rue Cler Market, which you might have heard of (Rick Steves made it famous!)  Unesco and  Australian Embassy are also in the close neighborhood... This apartment is perfect for a couple, for a family of 4. - metro Bir Hakeim, Eiffel Tower - 7th floor, with elevator - 430 ft2 large ( = 40 m2) - 2 to 4 people, 2 in beds - bedroom: queen size bed - living room: 1 very good	WIFI, AC, heater, laundry service in the building sleep 4 people, 2 in bed (queen size) This apartment is only a few steps away from the Eiffel Tower, and 5 minutes away (by metro) from the Champs Elysees.  It is located on the last floor of a building with elevator, and it has a beautiful view over La Seine and the Trocadero... From this apartment, you will be able to reach all the major touristic sites such as Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre, the St. Germain district and Saint. Michel (Notre Dame), and even the Palace of Versailles, within a few minutes!  You will also be a close to the Rue Cler Market, which you might have heard of (Rick Steves made it famous!)  Unesco and  Australian Embassy are also in the close neighborhood... This apartment is perfect for a couple, for a family of 4. - metro Bir Hakeim, Eiffel Tower - 7th floor, with elevator - 430 ft2 large ( = 40 m2) - 2 to 4 people, 2 in beds - bedroom: queen size bed - living room: 1 very good
11184	This charming and newly decorated apartment of 453sqf, is very spacious, luminous, clean and comfortable. Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 10 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. It sleeps 3 people in 2 Bedroom. This charming and newly decorated and refurbished apartment of 453sqf, is very spacious, luminous, clean and comfortable. Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 10 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. Situated on the 4th floor of a early 20th century typical parisian building, it sleeps 3 people in 2 different cosy bedrooms. THE LIVING ROOM is equipped with a big flat screen TV with a DVD player, many channels in English channels, high speed WIFI connection, Extremely luminous ans serene, it is decorated with originals photography of mine. THE MAIN BEDROOM is pure and zen. You have a big cupboard to tidy your belongings. THE SECOND BEDROOM is luminous and equipped with a big desk and anoth	This charming and newly decorated 4th floor, two bedroom apartment of 453sqf is very spacious, luminous, clean and comfortable. Very close to the Eiffel Tower - less than 10 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. This charming and newly decorated apartment of 453sqf, is very spacious, luminous, clean and comfortable. Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 10 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. It sleeps 3 people in 2 Bedroom. This charming and newly decorated and refurbished apartment of 453sqf, is very spacious, luminous, clean and comfortable. Totally close to Eiffel Tower - less than 10 min walking distance - this is the perfect place for a parisian experience. Situated on the 4th floor of a early 20th century typical parisian building, it sleeps 3 people in 2 different cosy bedrooms. THE LIVING ROOM is equipped with a big flat screen TV with a DVD player, many channels in English channels, high speed WI
11185	Quiet place with a lot of light, in the city center, close to Eiffel tower and Trocadero.	Entire appartment for rent (610 sq. feet / 57 m2) with a large living room with design furniture and a sofa-bed (2 persons), a charming balconey, a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom, separate toilets, a bedroom with a king size bed. SMOKE-FREE space Quiet place with a lot of light, in the city center, close to Eiffel tower and Trocadero. Fully equiped kitchen : microwave and electric ovens, induction cooker, dishwasher, fridge Wifi with optical fiber. No TV The flat is close to the Eiffel tower and Trocadero (15 min walk). The new Beaugrenelle shopping mall has opened nearby (10 min walk) with fashion stores, restaurants, movie theater, etc. Close to metro line 6 (Dupleix), line 8 and 10 (La Motte Picquet Grenelle)
11186	On a 4th floor (with elevator) of a lovely 1900's building you will find our big sunny apartment with: * a big bedroom with a king size bed * a living room with a pull-out sofa for another 2 people, a desktop for working and a chimney just to feel parisien :) * 2 lovely little balcons with a nice view * a big bathroom with a tub and a washing machine * a kitchen with all the comforts you need - an oven, a dish washer, a refrigerator and some surprises ;)... * and lots of Dorothee`s beautiful paintings for inspiration! The location is quite and safe, yet close to the Parisian life:  * only 15 min. walk from Eiffel tower and Montparnasse * 5 min. walk from 3 different major metro lines * near the rue du Commerce for shopping * near the Cambronne street, with bakeries, supermarkets, cheeses & wines stores, butcheries, cafés, organic food, bars and restaurants...  The hosts: We are not businessmen, we are artists: a painter and a filmaker and we spend most of our time abroad, that's why we	On a 4th floor (with elevator) of a lovely 1900's building you will find our big sunny apartment with: * a big bedroom with a king size bed * a living room with a pull-out sofa for another 2 people, a desktop for working and a chimney just to feel parisien :) * 2 lovely little balcons with a nice view * a big bathroom with a tub and a washing machine * a kitchen with all the comforts you need - an oven, a dish washer, a refrigerator and some surprises ;)... * and lots of Dorothee`s beautiful paintings for inspiration! The location is quite and safe, yet close to the Parisian life:  * only 15 min. walk from Eiffel tower and Montparnasse * 5 min. walk from 3 different major metro lines * near the rue du Commerce for shopping * near the Cambronne street, with bakeries, supermarkets, cheeses & wines stores, butcheries, cafés, organic food, bars and restaurants...  The hosts: We are not businessmen, we are artists: a painter and a filmaker and we spend most of our time abroad, that's why we
11187	Hello everyone, As the owner of this property located on the 7th and top floor (with elevator), I will welcome you in person in this very calm and very bright apartment located in an upscale and family-oriented neighborhood. A wonderful bakery (and many other more regular ones), two wine cellars, many shops and restaurants, a famous delicatessen, an open-air market, tons of cafes, lovely haussmannian buildings, a very lively yet extremely secure neighborhood. SPECIFICATIONS : One bedroom with queensize bed. One big living-room with two big sofa beds. One extra bed perfect for children, quite suitable for adults. Bathroom with bath tub. Kitchen with everything needed for cooking and eating. Separate toilet. 600 square feet - 55 square meters LOCATION : Two steps away from the river Seine. 10 minutes away from the Eiffel tower. 15 minutes away from LATIN QUARTER / NOTRE-DAME. 15 minutes away from CHAMPS-ELYSEES / CONCORDE / OPERA. 20 minutes away from CHATEAU DE VERSAILLES (thanks to a s	Please leave a message and WAIT FOR MY ANSWER before you send a reservation request, my calendar might not always be perfectly up-to-date and I'd rather have at least a small conversation with my future guests to prevent any bad surprise. Hello everyone, As the owner of this property located on the 7th and top floor (with elevator), I will welcome you in person in this very calm and very bright apartment located in an upscale and family-oriented neighborhood. A wonderful bakery (and many other more regular ones), two wine cellars, many shops and restaurants, a famous delicatessen, an open-air market, tons of cafes, lovely haussmannian buildings, a very lively yet extremely secure neighborhood. SPECIFICATIONS : One bedroom with queensize bed. One big living-room with two big sofa beds. One extra bed perfect for children, quite suitable for adults. Bathroom with bath tub. Kitchen with everything needed for cooking and eating. Separate toilet. 600 square feet - 55 square meters LOCATION :
11188		A well furnished studio apartment, of 36 m2 perfectly and conveniently tucked away in the Left Bank of Paris in the 15th arrondissement offering you a good comfy nest to explore Paris. The apartment is comfortably situated. Getting around is simple from this location as you will be just a few minutes away from two main underground stations (Commerce on line 8 and Charles Michel on line 10) not to mention all the Paris Buses. Residential and quiet neighbourhood, a few underground stations from the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Saint-Germain des Près. You will also be able to do some shopping as you will be only  5 minute walk from the newly created Beaugrenelle shopping center. This Studio apartment is on the 5th floor, very bright with view over the roofs.   The apartment includes: Balcony- with a table and two chairs to have breakfast if the weather is nice. Bedroom area - In the apartment you will find a comfy double bed, clean linen will be supplied Living room area – comfy couch, a l
11189		2-Room Apartment in nice neighborhood of Paris.  Very close to the subway station Vaugirard (line 12). There is a set bed in the living room. Gorgeous view on the Eiffel Tower.
11190	Welcome in our large and cosy apt in Paris! Our apt is large (77m² / 830 sq ft) and can welcome at least 5 people. We have 3 rooms : - a large living room, with 1 sofa in which you can sleep (140x190) and a futon (140x190) - a large bedroom (with a double-bed, 140x200) - a large bedroom for children (with a twin size bed, 90x190) + a kitchen (a bit tiny), a bathroom and a restroom Our apt is nicely decorated, notably with furniture and art objects from places we lived in (Madagascar, Morrocco...) Our apt is fully equipped: wifi, tv, dvd, desktop, washing mashine, dryer, dishwasher,  microwave, oven, hairdryer,... In particular, you have all what you need if you want to cook. And you can also use whatever basic stuff (coffee, sugar, flour, oil, pepper, etc.) you would need. And all our books, games, cds, dvds are at your disposal;-) The area is lovely, quiet and central Neighborhood is full of small shops and restaurants, including a good bakery and a mini-supermarket right down the bui	Welcome in our large and cosy apt in Paris! Our apt is large (77m² / 830 sq ft) and can welcome at least 5 people. We have 3 rooms : - a large living room, with 1 sofa in which you can sleep (140x190) and a futon (140x190) - a large bedroom (with a double-bed, 140x200) - a large bedroom for children (with a twin size bed, 90x190) + a kitchen (a bit tiny), a bathroom and a restroom Our apt is nicely decorated, notably with furniture and art objects from places we lived in (Madagascar, Morrocco...) Our apt is fully equipped: wifi, tv, dvd, desktop, washing mashine, dryer, dishwasher,  microwave, oven, hairdryer,... In particular, you have all what you need if you want to cook. And you can also use whatever basic stuff (coffee, sugar, flour, oil, pepper, etc.) you would need. And all our books, games, cds, dvds are at your disposal;-) The area is lovely, quiet and central Neighborhood is full of small shops and restaurants, including a good bakery and a mini-supermarket right down the bui
11191		1 chambre 1 salon cuisine bien équipée, appartement du bon etat
11192	We bought this place for our eldest son. In waiting for him to be old enough to take care and enjoy it, we designed it for our romantic escapades in Paris, without the children, or for our friends visiting from all around the world. Between those moments, we would be very happy to share with you the little nest we redesigned with high quality appliances and decorations.  We want you to feel in a special place for a special moment with the people you care and love. Enjoy a comfortable queen size and a sofa bed, with a real mattress, if you are more than 2 people. If you want to cook, a fully equipped kitchen, with a large fridge, freezer, a 3 fires stove, a real oven and a micro wave, a dishwasher, will help you to cook delicious meals. If you want to eat out every day, you are in the perfect neighborhood for appreciating Paris palace's pleasures. Or close to subways to discover the other ones that Paris offers.  After a long day of discoveries, you can relax in the huge shower. The WC 	We bought this place for our eldest son. In waiting for him to be old enough to take care and enjoy it, we designed it for our romantic escapades in Paris, without the children, or for our friends visiting from all around the world. Between those moments, we would be very happy to share with you the little nest we redesigned with high quality appliances and decorations.  We want you to feel in a special place for a special moment with the people you care and love. Enjoy a comfortable queen size and a sofa bed, with a real mattress, if you are more than 2 people. If you want to cook, a fully equipped kitchen, with a large fridge, freezer, a 3 fires stove, a real oven and a micro wave, a dishwasher, will help you to cook delicious meals. If you want to eat out every day, you are in the perfect neighborhood for appreciating Paris palace's pleasures. Or close to subways to discover the other ones that Paris offers.  After a long day of discoveries, you can relax in the huge shower. The WC 
11193	Studio apartment (28 m²/300 ft²) for sub-let for short visits. The studio is located on a quiet street near the busy and lively intersection La Motte-Picquet Grenelle. The Champ-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower are 10 minutes away by foot. Three metro lines, the 6, 8 and 10 stop at  La Motte-Picquet Grenelle. Several super-markets within two blocks allow for easy grocery and other shopping until 10 pm. The inner courtyard with tasefully arranged flower pots creates a feeling of peace after a busy day in Paris. Fully functional and equipped kitchen. Small dining table and separate desk. One bed suitable for a couple and a futon for an extra person is also available. High-speed wifi. Perfect location for food and wine enthusiasts. The block on the nearby rue de Lourmel has two wine sellers', an award-winning cheese shop, a rotisserie, one of the best Lebanese kebab shops in Paris, a grocer's with amazing fresh produce, and a fantastic bakery. There are some excellent, lesser-known restaurants wi	*** Summer opportunity *** I am looking to sublet the studio in August for a 14 day period or longer. The price is negotiable! Please email if interested. Studio apartment (28 m²/300 ft²) for sub-let for short visits. The studio is located on a quiet street near the busy and lively intersection La Motte-Picquet Grenelle. The Champ-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower are 10 minutes away by foot. Three metro lines, the 6, 8 and 10 stop at  La Motte-Picquet Grenelle. Several super-markets within two blocks allow for easy grocery and other shopping until 10 pm. The inner courtyard with tasefully arranged flower pots creates a feeling of peace after a busy day in Paris. Fully functional and equipped kitchen. Small dining table and separate desk. One bed suitable for a couple and a futon for an extra person is also available. High-speed wifi. Perfect location for food and wine enthusiasts. The block on the nearby rue de Lourmel has two wine sellers', an award-winning cheese shop, a rotisserie, one of t
11194	Vacations in Paris are possible for up to 5 people in this renovated two bedroom apartment located just few minutes away from the river Seine, And Eiffel Tower.  The only apartment on the 1st floor (with elevator) of the building, the front door opens onto a hallway lined with built-in closets for plenty of storage. Down the right side you will find a bathroom with separate WC, the first bedroom with a double bed and a large closet, and the large master bedroom leads off the courtyard, for quiet nights. Down the other side of the hall, through another door and pass the second bathroom with separate WC, is the open plan kitchen and large living area. The fully equipped kitchen has everything needed to prepare homecooked meals including a stovetop, microwave/oven combination, dishwasher, refrigerator, plates and utensils, pots and pans. There is a small bistro table with two chairs and a second table with four chairs for dining. You’ll also find a washing machine for your convenience. Th	Vacations in Paris are possible for up to 5 people in this renovated two bedroom apartment located just few minutes away from the river Seine, And Eiffel Tower.  The only apartment on the 1st floor (with elevator) of the building, the front door opens onto a hallway lined with built-in closets for plenty of storage. Down the right side you will find a bathroom with separate WC, the first bedroom with a double bed and a large closet, and the large master bedroom leads off the courtyard, for quiet nights. Down the other side of the hall, through another door and pass the second bathroom with separate WC, is the open plan kitchen and large living area. The fully equipped kitchen has everything needed to prepare homecooked meals including a stovetop, microwave/oven combination, dishwasher, refrigerator, plates and utensils, pots and pans. There is a small bistro table with two chairs and a second table with four chairs for dining. You’ll also find a washing machine for your convenience. Th
11195		Entre convention et parc Georges Brassens (ligne 12/tram) 6eme étage/ascenseur/lumineux/balcon table bistrot Double salon séjour  Cuisine américaine équipée avec lave vaisselle 3 chambres: ch 1: lit double, ch2: 2 lits simples ou lit double, ch3: 2 lits enfants Sdb lave/sèche linge, baignoire+douche Metro ligne 12 Tram T2 Bus 89 Proximité parc, rue commerçantes rue convention/Vaugirard Marche mardi, jeudi et dimanche Metro ligne 12 Tram T2 Bus 89
11196		Appartement avec une chambre et un salon, à côté de de la Tour Eiffel, 55 mètres carrés. 1 chambre double et un canapé lit dans le séjour. Cuisine/Salle de bain/ Toilette . A côté des Métros Volontaire, Cambronne, Vaugirard. Commerces de proximité
11197	"Our Home Is Located in the heart of Paris. It Is a typical 1900s-style apartment with high windows, fire places and wooden in EACH room floor. Fully refurbished 1 year ago, it's clean, cozy and full of ""character"" as it's Mainly furbished rooms with antics from shops and flea markets. This 60 sqm apartment peaceful and welcoming HAS large double living room, a bedroom and a bathroom equiped with a shower/bathtub. It offers all the compliances Including washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, a dining table, TV & DVD, Sony PC computer with internet & wifi, stereo. The building is quiet and perfect for relaxing After a long day of visits and discovery in the French capital. Our neighborhood Could not be more accessible. We are 3 minutes walk three subway stations, Which Will enable you to Be anywhere in Paris in 20 minutes. Also we are 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars Where You Can enjoy a nice picnic facing ""The Iron Lady!"" Our neighborhood offers a Variety "	"Our Home Is Located in the heart of Paris. It Is a typical 1900s-style apartment with high windows, fire places and wooden in EACH room floor. Fully refurbished 1 year ago, it's clean, cozy and full of ""character"" as it's Mainly furbished rooms with antics from shops and flea markets. This 60 sqm apartment peaceful and welcoming HAS large double living room, a bedroom and a bathroom equiped with a shower/bathtub. It offers all the compliances Including washing machine, fully equipped kitchen, a dining table, TV & DVD, Sony PC computer with internet & wifi, stereo. The building is quiet and perfect for relaxing After a long day of visits and discovery in the French capital. Our neighborhood Could not be more accessible. We are 3 minutes walk three subway stations, Which Will enable you to Be anywhere in Paris in 20 minutes. Also we are 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars Where You Can enjoy a nice picnic facing ""The Iron Lady!"" Our neighborhood offers a Variety "
11198		Charming Studio very equipped, perfect for a couple looking to spend a pleasant stay in the capital Paris. It is located 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. Close to all shops and excellent public transport.  
11199	"Amazing top floor flat very well located in a vibrant 15ème district area of Paris. You will be staying in a recently renovated flat newly furnished. You will enjoy a lovely flat with wooden floor, south-east exposition, little balcony with chairs, double glazing, double bed room with huge wardrobe, fully equiped kitchen with washing machine and separated bathroom. Facilities and comodities just next door, various supermarket and loads of buses (82, 39,75) and tube number 12 (going straight to Montmartre). My goal is to make your stay as unforgottable as possible and to make you enjoy your holidays in the city of love! I will personnaly recommend places to have dinner; have a drink and visits you should not miss depending on what you are looking for :) Don't hesitate to kep in touch I would be delighted to give you more information about my flat and the way I see ""the perfect stay in Paris"" :) hope to hear from you soon, Valentine"	We offer you this lovely top floor flat to spend a great stay in Paris. The flat has everything you need to enjoy the French capital :)  Amazing top floor flat very well located in a vibrant 15ème district area of Paris. You will be staying in a recently renovated flat newly furnished. You will enjoy a lovely flat with wooden floor, south-east exposition, little balcony with chairs, double glazing, double bed room with huge wardrobe, fully equiped kitchen with washing machine and separated bathroom. Facilities and comodities just next door, various supermarket and loads of buses (82, 39,75) and tube number 12 (going straight to Montmartre). My goal is to make your stay as unforgottable as possible and to make you enjoy your holidays in the city of love! I will personnaly recommend places to have dinner; have a drink and visits you should not miss depending on what you are looking for :) Don't hesitate to kep in touch I would be delighted to give you more information about my flat and t
11200		Studio très bien équipé à un emplacement privilégié: le meilleur point à Boulogne billancourt, à proximité de paris et à 5 min du métro. 
11201	(**FROM MARCH 2016 TO AUGUST 2016 , ONLY LONG STAYS) Hello! - SHARED APARTMENT with me!  (me in my bedroom, you guys on the couch/air mattress, as shown on pictures) Price 50euros for one person (couch) Price 70euros for two persons (air mattress) - FULL APARTMENT when i am not there. According to the time of the year, for one or two: Price 80/100eurosper night. In both cases, whether i am here or not, the sleeping accomodation don't change, they stay the same, as shown on plan and pictures. I am proposing, according to the different availibilites, MY SOFA BED IN THE LIVING-ROOM FOR ONE : MY HUGE COMFY AIR MATTRESS FOR TWO There will be a shared bathroom with a bathtub and a view on the EIFFEL TOWER (10min walking distance), a very nice balcony to have breakfast on (according to the weather), a personal TV with the sofa. Shared american kitchen. Possibility to use the washing machine. I do furnish bath towels, bath products, linen, tea/coffee, but not food. You can put stuff in the fri	(**FROM MARCH 2016 TO AUGUST 2016 , ONLY LONG STAYS) Hello! - SHARED APARTMENT with me!  (me in my bedroom, you guys on the couch/air mattress, as shown on pictures) Price 50euros for one person (couch) Price 70euros for two persons (air mattress) - FULL APARTMENT when i am not there. According to the time of the year, for one or two: Price 80/100eurosper night. In both cases, whether i am here or not, the sleeping accomodation don't change, they stay the same, as shown on plan and pictures. I am proposing, according to the different availibilites, MY SOFA BED IN THE LIVING-ROOM FOR ONE : MY HUGE COMFY AIR MATTRESS FOR TWO There will be a shared bathroom with a bathtub and a view on the EIFFEL TOWER (10min walking distance), a very nice balcony to have breakfast on (according to the weather), a personal TV with the sofa. Shared american kitchen. Possibility to use the washing machine. I do furnish bath towels, bath products, linen, tea/coffee, but not food. You can put stuff in the fri
11202		Little cosy 23m² studio near the Eiffel Tower. Beds : - 1 Queen Size Bed for 2 people - 1 Sofa-bed for 2 people Fully equipped, wifi available.
11203	안녕하세요 ^^  15구 지하철 6호선 bir-hakeim (에펠탑역),10호선 charle michel 버스 42번, 70번, 88번 에 있는 현대식 아파트  중앙난방(따뜻한물 잘나와용~), 24시간경비,무선인터넷, 취사 도구 그리고 몽빠르나스 타워가 보이는 전망좋은  스튜디오입니다.  에펠타워 도보 5분 , 오페라하우스, 샹젤리제거리, 앵발리드, 몽빠르나스 타워 , 루브르 , 오르세 박물관 등등 주요 관광지가 지하철로 15~20분 거리에 있구요  베르사유 궁전 가는 바로가는 RER 이 있는 역이라 한번에 (약 30분소요) 가실수 있어요 ~ 주변에 한국슈퍼가 3군데나 있구요 한국 식당도 많은 동네 입니다.  일반 큰슈퍼도 집과 가까운 거리에 있구요 집앞에는 특히 매일 (일요일 포함) 새벽 두시까지 하는 슈퍼가 있습니다 ^^  최근에 생긴 종합 쇼핑몰 도보 5분거리에 있어서 간단한 쇼핑도 손쉽게 하실수 있어요. 안전한 동네이고 안전한 아파트 입니다. 전망이 좋고 모든 광광지와 가까워서 여행하기  너무나 좋은 숙소 위치 이예요~ 	안녕하세요 ^^  15구 지하철 6호선 bir-hakeim (에펠탑역),10호선 charle michel 버스 42번, 70번, 88번 에 있는 현대식 아파트  중앙난방(따뜻한물 잘나와용~), 24시간경비,무선인터넷, 취사 도구 그리고 몽빠르나스 타워가 보이는 전망좋은  스튜디오입니다.  에필타워 도보 5분 오페라하우스, 샹젤리제거리, 앵발리드, 몽빠르나스 타워 , 루브르 , 오르세 박물관 등등 주요 관광지가 지하철로 15~20분 거리에 있구요  베르사유 궁전 가는 바로가는 RER 이 있는 역이라 한번에 (약 30분소요) 가실수 있어요 ~ 주변에 한국슈퍼가 3군데나 있구요 한국 식당도 많은 동네 입니다.  일반 큰슈퍼도 집과 가까운 거리에 있구요 집앞에는 특히 매일 (일요일 포함) 새벽 두시까지 하는 슈퍼가 있습니다 ^^  최근에 생긴 종합 쇼핑몰 도보 5분거리에 있어서 간단한 쇼핑도 손쉽게 하실수 있어요. 안녕하세요 ^^  15구 지하철 6호선 bir-hakeim (에펠탑역),10호선 charle michel 버스 42번, 70번, 88번 에 있는 현대식 아파트  중앙난방(따뜻한물 잘나와용~), 24시간경비,무선인터넷, 취사 도구 그리고 몽빠르나스 타워가 보이는 전망좋은  스튜디오입니다.  에펠타워 도보 5분 , 오페라하우스, 샹젤리제거리, 앵발리드, 몽빠르나스 타워 , 루브르 , 오르세 박물관 등등 주요 관광지가 지하철로 15~20분 거리에 있구요  베르사유 궁전 가는 바로가는 RER 이 있는 역이라 한번에 (약 30분소요) 가실수 있어요 ~ 주변에 한국슈퍼가 3군데나 있구요 한국 식당도 많은 동네 입니다.  일반 큰슈퍼도 집과 가까운 거리에 있구요 집앞에는 특히 매일 (일요일 포함) 새벽 두시까지 하는 슈퍼가 있습니다 ^^  최근에 생긴 종합 쇼핑몰 도보 5분거리에 있어서 간단한 쇼핑도 손쉽게 하실수 있어요. 안전한 동네이고 안전한 아파트 입니다. 전망이 좋고 모든 광광지와 가까워서 여행하기  너무나 좋은 숙소 위치 이예요~ 요리할 수  있는 기본 양념 
11204	"This 24 square meters (approx: 260 sqft) is a studio apartment, located on rue Tiphaine in the 15th arrondissement of Paris Commerce district.  It is on the 1st French floor without elevator and overlooks a quiet courtyard.  It consists of a living/dining room, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 4 people, for leisure or business travel. The apartment was completely renovated by an architect in 2011.  It is served by the metro station ""La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digicode - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Telephone - DVD player - Sofa bed 140 cm wide - Towels / linen - Refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board Surface of about 21 sqm - 226 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Southwest and is equipped with a double sofa bed 1"	"This 24 square meters (approx: 260 sqft) is a studio apartment, located on rue Tiphaine in the 15th arrondissement of Paris Commerce district.  It is on the 1st French floor without elevator and overlooks a quiet courtyard.  It consists of a living/dining room, a opened equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comfort to welcome up to 4 people, for leisure or business travel. The apartment was completely renovated by an architect in 2011.  It is served by the metro station ""La Motte-Picquet-Grenelle"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digicode - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - International TV channels - Telephone - DVD player - Sofa bed 140 cm wide - Towels / linen - Refrigerator - Freezer - Hob - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Dishwasher - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board Surface of about 21 sqm - 226 sqft. It has 2 windows facing Southwest and is equipped with a double sofa bed 1"
11205	"Le logement comporte une pièce spacieuse, une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine équipée, un petit balcon avec une vue sur la Tour Eiffel et un parking. Cet appartement correspond au besoin d'une famille de 3 à 4 personnes.  Situé entre 2 monuments incontournable de Paris la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides, vous aurez également le plaisir de faire vos achats dans la célèbre rue du commerce qui se trouve à 2 min de l'appartement.  La localisation de l'appartement vous permet d'être à la proximité de tous les types d'activités étant desservi par 3 lignes de métro et notamment la célèbre ligne aérienne( que vous pouvez voir du balcon) ""ligne 6 - Arrêt Cambronne ou Motte Picquet"". "	"Appartement 1 pièce (Studio), accueillant et chaleureux, de 35m² au 2ème étage avec ascenseur dans bel immeuble moderne.  L'appartement se trouve dans le 15ème arrondissement à proximité du célèbre hôtel des invalides et à 5 minutes du Champs de Mars Le logement comporte une pièce spacieuse, une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine équipée, un petit balcon avec une vue sur la Tour Eiffel et un parking. Cet appartement correspond au besoin d'une famille de 3 à 4 personnes.  Situé entre 2 monuments incontournable de Paris la Tour Eiffel et les Invalides, vous aurez également le plaisir de faire vos achats dans la célèbre rue du commerce qui se trouve à 2 min de l'appartement.  La localisation de l'appartement vous permet d'être à la proximité de tous les types d'activités étant desservi par 3 lignes de métro et notamment la célèbre ligne aérienne( que vous pouvez voir du balcon) ""ligne 6 - Arrêt Cambronne ou Motte Picquet"". Je mets à disposition à mes voyageurs la litterie et tout l"
11206	Charming Paris flat, with a bedroom incl a queen size bed, a living-room overlooking a cute courtyard, incl a sofa bed, small shower room inc toilets, separated kitchen.  Located in the residential 15th arrondissement of Paris, left bank, within walking distance to the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for a couple, a family or friends. I have a folding baby bed if needed. The flat is great for a couple with or without a baby or with children above 8, not really below as there are a few fragile, illadapted stuff for children aged 4/6. 3rd floor, NO lift. WIFI, fridge and freezer, oven, 2 cooking gaz fires, Nespresso machine, washing & drying machine, hair dryer. NO TV, no microwave nor dishwasher. Quiet area of Paris, easy access to all major point of interest thanks to 3 subway lines (10, 6 and 8), food and convenience store very close. One can find a few nice restaurants around. And the famous, Rue du Commerce, an old shopping street dating when Paris was still a group of villages in the early 19t	Charming Paris flat, with a bedroom incl a queen size bed, a living-room overlooking a cute courtyard, incl a sofa bed, small shower room inc toilets, separated kitchen.  Located in the residential 15th arrondissement of Paris, left bank, within walking distance to the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for a couple, a family or friends. I have a folding baby bed if needed. The flat is great for a couple with or without a baby or with children above 8, not really below as there are a few fragile, illadapted stuff for children aged 4/6. 3rd floor, NO lift. WIFI, fridge and freezer, oven, 2 cooking gaz fires, Nespresso machine, washing & drying machine, hair dryer. NO TV, no microwave nor dishwasher. Quiet area of Paris, easy access to all major point of interest thanks to 3 subway lines (10, 6 and 8), food and convenience store very close. One can find a few nice restaurants around. And the famous, Rue du Commerce, an old shopping street dating when Paris was still a group of villages in the early 19t
11207		20 m square flat, 15min from the Eiffel Tower by walking, all equiped, kitchen and bathroom, bed for 2 persons
11208	"Spacious 50 m2 flat with 1 bedroom in a prime paris location. There is a sofa-bed in the living room. Kitchen with all equipment. Free access to wireless internet and telephone (Free US, Canada and local calls) ""style haussmannien"" Flat, high ceilings, beautiful wooden floor, very homely and clean. Capacity : 1/4 persons   Entry-code, 3rd floor  Living Room: - Double-bed sofa - Wooden floor - iPod/iphone station  Bedroom: Queen size bed, headboard with storage compartment - Wardrobe available - 32'' flat screen with DVD Player - Beddings and towels are furnished - iPod/iphone station  The bathroom is big and well equipped- with a big bathtub- iPod/iphone station Toilet in the apartment and separated from the bathroom. Kitchen: - fully equipped (toaster, kettle, oven, fridge with freezer section, microwave oven) Surroundings The flat is situated in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, at 5 minutes walking distance of train station, and 15 minutes walking of Eiffel tower.  Location is great"	"Cozy apartment, clean and clam. With comfortable beds, good space for working with good internet connection.  Fully equipped kitchen with all you need! Bathroom and toilet fresh painted. New photos to be updated soon! Spacious 50 m2 flat with 1 bedroom in a prime paris location. There is a sofa-bed in the living room. Kitchen with all equipment. Free access to wireless internet and telephone (Free US, Canada and local calls) ""style haussmannien"" Flat, high ceilings, beautiful wooden floor, very homely and clean. Capacity : 1/4 persons   Entry-code, 3rd floor  Living Room: - Double-bed sofa - Wooden floor - iPod/iphone station  Bedroom: Queen size bed, headboard with storage compartment - Wardrobe available - 32'' flat screen with DVD Player - Beddings and towels are furnished - iPod/iphone station  The bathroom is big and well equipped- with a big bathtub- iPod/iphone station Toilet in the apartment and separated from the bathroom. Kitchen: - fully equipped (toaster, kettle, oven, frid"
11209	In the heart of the most family friendly and safe district of Paris, the 15th district. DESCRIPTION : Located on the second floor without lift, in a typical Parisian building secured by code.  LIVING ROOM :  Even though our living room offers some cool entertaining options, we still encourage you to get out and visit a little bit of Paris. - Sofa-Bed (accommodates two in bed position) - Internet Wifi  - Flat screen TV with cable TV - Folding diner table with 4 folding chairs DOUBLE ROOM: With a queen-size bed, this minimalist room is so cozy it’s the favorite spot of the cat.  CHILD'S ROOM:  - Middle high loft bed – Comfortably accommodates one adult, up to 80 kilos. (Not suitable for jumping. Please reserve the pillow fights for the double bed) - Extra mattress that can accommodate a child or an adult under the loft bed. - Reading space - Desk for studying (Hopefully your kids won’t need it during vacations) - Toys (yey!) KITCHEN :  Here you will find all appliances you need for your 	In the heart of the most family friendly and safe district of Paris, the 15th district. DESCRIPTION : Located on the second floor without lift, in a typical Parisian building secured by code.  LIVING ROOM :  Even though our living room offers some cool entertaining options, we still encourage you to get out and visit a little bit of Paris. - Sofa-Bed (accommodates two in bed position) - Internet Wifi  - Flat screen TV with cable TV - Folding diner table with 4 folding chairs DOUBLE ROOM: With a queen-size bed, this minimalist room is so cozy it’s the favorite spot of the cat.  CHILD'S ROOM:  - Middle high loft bed – Comfortably accommodates one adult, up to 80 kilos. (Not suitable for jumping. Please reserve the pillow fights for the double bed) - Extra mattress that can accommodate a child or an adult under the loft bed. - Reading space - Desk for studying (Hopefully your kids won’t need it during vacations) - Toys (yey!) KITCHEN :  Here you will find all appliances you need for your 
11210		Enjoy this charming appartment ( 30m²) close to everything ( 2 metro stations, shops, cinemas, square) on the first floor of a tiny house.
11211	STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double-glazed. The apartment is sound-proof, you will sleep in a very quiet environment, even if the bedroom windows give on the elevated railroad and the busy boulevard. You will have the pleasure to see the Eiffel Tower from the bedroom ! Note that the apartment is very secure as there is an alarm system. LAYOUT This lovely 40 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It can sleep up to four guests. The entrance gives on a small corridor giving on the main room. It has a convertible couch (two sleeps, 140x190), a flat television on the wall and a large closet with shelves. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, but it is separated from it with a beautiful bar and its seats, perfect to have diner. All the equipments are brand new and modern. The main room windows give on the back of the building. All the apartment is very well isolated from the outside noise, wether 	Very beautiful contemporary 1-bedroom 40 sqm apartment for four people to rent near the Eiffel Tower. Renovated in 2013, decorated with much taste, we love it !    STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double-glazed. The apartment is sound-proof, you will sleep in a very quiet environment, even if the bedroom windows give on the elevated railroad and the busy boulevard. You will have the pleasure to see the Eiffel Tower from the bedroom ! Note that the apartment is very secure as there is an alarm system. LAYOUT This lovely 40 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It can sleep up to four guests. The entrance gives on a small corridor giving on the main room. It has a convertible couch (two sleeps, 140x190), a flat television on the wall and a large closet with shelves. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room, but it is separated from it with a beautiful bar and its seats, perfect to have diner. All the 
11212	Bienvenue dans mon studio de 15m2! Vous y trouverez :  - kitchenette toute équipée (plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, four, micro-ondes, cuit-vapeur, robot, blender...) - Salle de bain avec lavabo, douche et WC - Rangements (commode et penderie) - Table avec rallonges, 2 tabourets, 2 chaises - Miroir mural - canapé-lit Au premier étage d'un immeuble donnant sur grande cour intérieure. Très calme (possibilité de dormir fenêtre ouverte), sans vis-à-vis, vue sur bel arbre et jardin entretenu. Voisins calmes et sympathiques. Accès immeuble : 2 entrées; digicode + gardienne (accueil 8:00-19:00 - Lundi à Vendredi / Samedi 8:00-10:00; possède un double des clés)	This studio of 15m2 is an ideal flat for a stay in the capital. Close to lot of shops, in 5 min walking of the subway, it is very quiet and functional, without towards and can welcome 2 persons.
11213	L'appartement est composé d'une chambre avec un grand lit de 160 cm et d'un canapé lit dans le salon pour accueillir 2 personne. Cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon. Appartement traversant et lumineux. Toilettes séparés et salle de bain avec baignoire.	Appartement moderne, refait à neuf à 2 pas de la rue du Commerce et au pied du métro Félix Fare (ligne 8). L'appartement peut recevoir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Très lumineux et fonctionnel, il saura vous séduire. L'appartement est composé d'une chambre avec un grand lit de 160 cm et d'un canapé lit dans le salon pour accueillir 2 personne. Cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon. Appartement traversant et lumineux. Toilettes séparés et salle de bain avec baignoire. Le métro Félix Faure est au pied de l'immeuble.  Quartier Commerce: rue très commerçante, tout près du Champs de Mars, de la Tour Eiffel, du nouveau Centre Beaugrenelle (cinémas). Boulangerie a pied de l'immeble, épicerie en face de l'immeble. l'appartement est vraiment au pied du métro Félix Faure, à 5 mn du métro Avenue Emile Zola ligne 10 et à 10mn à pied du métro La motte Picquet lignes 10, 8 et 6.
11214	My little India is a sweet home quiet and peace. From it you could see the Eiffel Tower.	Its a big room with the view on the Eiffel tower in a quiet area. There are kitchen, bathroom and wc separate. My little India is a sweet home quiet and peace. From it you could see the Eiffel Tower. Washing machine, I could speak english Many shops for food and shopping. Direct access by the subway Line 6 La motte-pisquet-grenelle. Very near from the Eiffel tower NO
11215	Ce deux pièces confortable et agréable est idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris et vous garantira un séjour réussit.  Equipements:  Côté cuisine: Réfrigérateur, four, plaque vitrocéramique, micro-ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles, cafetière, bouilloire, toaster, machine à laver  Côté salle de bain: Baignoire, sèche cheveux  Côté salon: Internet wifi, télévision ADSL Côté chambre: confortable lit deux places, meuble de rangement à disposition Autres: fer à repasser, aspirateur, ventilateur Le linge de maison est fourni pour la durée du séjour (drap et serviette)	Je viens de mettre mon chez moi sur air bnb, vous serez peut être les premiers. A bientôt! I've just put my home on air bnb, you could be the first. See you soon! Ce deux pièces confortable et agréable est idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris et vous garantira un séjour réussit.  Equipements:  Côté cuisine: Réfrigérateur, four, plaque vitrocéramique, micro-ondes, vaisselle et ustensiles, cafetière, bouilloire, toaster, machine à laver  Côté salle de bain: Baignoire, sèche cheveux  Côté salon: Internet wifi, télévision ADSL Côté chambre: confortable lit deux places, meuble de rangement à disposition Autres: fer à repasser, aspirateur, ventilateur Le linge de maison est fourni pour la durée du séjour (drap et serviette) A moins de cinq minutes à pied du métro et à proximité de plusieurs lignes de bus et de Vélib, vous pourrez vous rendre très facilement et rapidement à divers sites incontournables de la capitale: Parc des expositions, la gare Montparnasse, le jardin du 
11216		UN LOGEMENT DE 57 M2 SITUE AU 3eme ÉTAGE DE L'IMMEUBLE  UNE SALLE DE BAIN AVEC UNE DOUCHE DÉCORATION ITALIENNE DOUBLE VASQUE,SÈCHE SERVIETTES SERVANT DE CHAUFFAGE  L'APPARTEMENT EST SITUE DANS 1 RUE CALME  UN GRAND BALCON DE 10 M,4 CHAISES,1 TABLE
11217	"The Mayet features a living area, a kitchenette, a queen-size bed, and a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 22 m2  Ground Floor  Minimum Stay : 2 nights  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access  Digital Television"	"This former artist’s studio, located in the courtyard of a town house, is situated between Montparnesse and Le Bon Marché a few steps from Luxembourg Gardens in the heart of the prestigious 6th arrondissement of Paris... The Mayet features a living area, a kitchenette, a queen-size bed, and a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 22 m2  Ground Floor  Minimum Stay : 2 nights  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access  Digital Television This former artist’s studio, located in the courtyard of a town house, is situated between Montparnesse and Le Bon Marché a few steps from Luxembourg Gardens in the heart of the prestigious 6th arrondissement of Paris. Close to Musée du Luxembourg and "
11218	We are glad to share our cozy 40 sq m, when we are away. Perfect for friends and couples who like cooking while discussing and having a glass of vine with cheese!	"Cozy flat freshly renovated. Near Eiffel tower and ""place du commerce"". Many metro stations ! For 2 to 4 persons. Nice kitchen with bar. We are glad to share our cozy 40 sq m, when we are away. Perfect for friends and couples who like cooking while discussing and having a glass of vine with cheese! Nice and functional kitchen with:  - dishwasher  - Nespresso coffee machine  - oven  - wash machine 1 double bed with memory foam mattress 1 double confortable convertible sofa Located in the 15th arrondissement, the appartement is near ""champs de mars"" where the Eiffel tower is located. The museum of primitive arts of ""quai Branly"" is very interesting. We can recommend you many good restaurants and bars. Easy access from airport:   - from CDG: 1h10 (website hidden)   - from ORY: 40mins  (website hidden) Close to 3 metro stations on lines 6, 8, 10. Taxi station at place Cambronne. Any areas of Paris are reachable within 30 mins:  - 10 mins from trocadero (line 6)  - 15 mins from ""Arc de trio"
11219	2 pièces  - Chambre avec salle de bain, lit King size - Salon avec canapé en cuir deux places + Fauteuil - Table avec 5 chaises en cuir - Grand écran avec TV par satellite + Wifi Cuisine équipée avec plaque vitro-céramique, lave vaisselle, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, machine à laver, four, frigo, congélateur.  - Double vitrage, détecteur de fumé, parquet très calme et idéalement placé pour vos concerts et salons !	Charmant 2 pièces de 50m² à 100 mètres du Palais des sports - Porte de Versailles. 2 pièces  - Chambre avec salle de bain, lit King size - Salon avec canapé en cuir deux places + Fauteuil - Table avec 5 chaises en cuir - Grand écran avec TV par satellite + Wifi Cuisine équipée avec plaque vitro-céramique, lave vaisselle, machine Nespresso, bouilloire, grille pain, machine à laver, four, frigo, congélateur.  - Double vitrage, détecteur de fumé, parquet très calme et idéalement placé pour vos concerts et salons ! Profitez pleinement de cet appartement ! Par téléphone, par email, n'hésitez pas à me contacter, je ne serai pas parmi vous pendant votre séjour La proximité avec le palais des sports ! Restaurant chinois / Japonais / Italien / Marocain / Indien / Français  Idéal Palais des Sports / Porte de Versailles  Ligne Métro 12 Ligne Tram T2/T3A RAS
11220	Il y a un lit une place plus une chaufferette (c'est un matelas qui se déplie.  Donc possibilité de dormir à deux dans l'appartement même si vous allez être un peu serrés. 	Petite chambre de bonne au 8 ème étage sans ascenseur ! Propre , pas de draps ni de serviettes. Douche. Tout pour cuisiner. Toilettes sur le palier. A deux pas de la tour eiffel ! (métro bir hakeim)  Canapé 1 place + 1 autre couchette Il y a un lit une place plus une chaufferette (c'est un matelas qui se déplie.  Donc possibilité de dormir à deux dans l'appartement même si vous allez être un peu serrés.  Pas de draps ni de serviettes à disposition. Duvet obligatoire :)  Metro Bir Hakeim (Ligne 6) OU RER C (Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel)
11221	Lockable room Air conditioning Balcony/terrace Internet/WiFi TV Guest car park  DVD Player Features Swimming pool Spa Beachfront	Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email Lockable room Air conditioning Balcony/terrace Internet/WiFi TV Guest car park  DVD Player Features Swimming pool Spa Beachfront Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email Please check first foto with the property and you will see my email address there, i will wait your email
11222	Our lovely flat is offering you the opportunity to enjoy and love Paris at first stay. You are in the middle of Paris what give you access to every place and yet you can still enjoy calm and delighful moments in a typical Haussemanian building. 	Our charming 1 bedroom flat is located near the Eiffel Tower (SW of Paris) in a typical Paris building. Very sunny, calm and next to any transportation, it is ideal for couples. You just have to enjoy your trip there. Our lovely flat is offering you the opportunity to enjoy and love Paris at first stay. You are in the middle of Paris what give you access to every place and yet you can still enjoy calm and delighful moments in a typical Haussemanian building.  You will have access to the whole apartment as we leave it to you for your entire stay. Do never hesitate to ask us about anything, we'll be glad to help you! The flat is located near the « rue du commerce » (A very famous shopping street).  It is 8 minutes on foot from the “Beaugrenelle” mall and 10 minutes from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower.You can find anything you could want in the area and cafés are friendly! 3-minute walk from “Avenue Emile Zola” subway station (line 10), it is also 7-minute walk from « La Motte Pi
11223	4 chambres avec grand balcon sans vis à vis (vue Tour Eiffel et jardin) 	Renovated in 2015, calm and clear 1 Master bedroom, 2 bedrooms with bed 90 and 1 office with sofa bed 140, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, large living room, dining room, kitchen Terrace with table 6 people 1 Parking. 3 days rental minimum
11224	My comfortable , luminous and quiet two bedroom apartment has a true parisian feeling! It is centrally located on a quiet street, five minutes walk from the metro Convention ( line 12). Open-air market 3 times a week at the foot of the building.  	My comfortable , luminous and quiet two bedroom apartment has a true parisian feeling! It is centrally located on a quiet street, five minutes walk from the metro Convention ( line 12). Open-air market 3 times a week at the foot of the building.  
11225		Three bedrooms and a large living room in a bright apartment, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with a bathtub and a shower, two separate WC. Swimming pool for tenants and guests.  Safe neighborhood, open-air markets, nice shops and restaurants nearby with lots of vintage, retro and design furniture for a cosy, intimate & unique feeling! Walking distance from many spots! Super central! Walking distance from many spots! Super central! It’s just a short stroll to the Eiffel Tower (700m), the river Seine (250m), Quai Branly Museum (15 min), nearby Champs Élysées and Trocadero. Metro and bus routes gets you in minutes to the Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre, Montmartre, the Marais, and all the key sites in Paris. From the neighbouring RER station it's a direct, short ride to the Invalides, the Orsay Museum, the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame cathedral, or the outlying Château de Versailles in just 30 minutes. Supermarket Monoprix (2' walk) Franprix (3'walk) and all its local groceries etc (organic 
11226	A proximité de tout les attractions parisiennes	Appartement 2 chambres (1 lit double et 2 lits simples) idéalement situé en plein de coeur de Paris et au pied de la Tour Eiffel, commerces, marché typique parisien, transports (nombreux bus, metro, velib, autolib). Rue calme. Décoration cosy et charmante. Petite terrasse 3m2 A proximité de tout les attractions parisiennes Tour Eiffel, parc, commerces de proximité  (boulangerie, charcuterie, supérette), restaurants et bars, shopping rue du Commerce et centre commercial Beau grenelle, facilité d'accès à de nombreux sites touristiques La vie de quartier familiale et chaleureuse Les commerces et les nombreux restaurants et boutiques Metro ligne 6, 8 ou 10 Bus (phone number hidden) RER
11227	The apartment consists of one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a bath and toilet, a well-equipped kitchen, a living room, and a lobby.	"A cosy  apartment of 600 ft2, you will enjoy Paris life without any worries. The apartment consists of one bedroom with a double bed, a bathroom with a bath and toilet, a well-equipped kitchen, a living room, and a lobby. WIFI (optic fiber), towels, bed linen included, fan As a native Parisian, I will gladly provide tips and advice on museums, restaurants close to the apartment, and other place to have an unforgettable stay ! Don't hesitate to give me your visit information in order to ensure I can give you the best help. I'm looking forward having you ! The neighbourhood is nice and quiet with easy access to restaurants and shops. You will be 5 min by walk to the well-know ""rue du Commerce"".  The subway (line 8) is just 2 minutes away from the apartment, taking you to every place in the center of Paris. You can also find lines 12 and 10 in 10 min by walk. - 5 min from the Champ-de-Mars/Invalide/Eiffel Tower - 15 min to the Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe.  - 15 min to Tuileries and"
11228	The apartment is a comfy 38 sqm 2 rooms apartment, located on the 6th (top) floor of a quiet, very well maintained classic Haussmannian building.	In the quiet neighborhood of Montparnasse, yet just a walk or a few subway or bus stops away from almost anywhere, this comfy apartment is ze place for you to settle back and relax after a long day of fun in Paris! The apartment is a comfy 38 sqm 2 rooms apartment, located on the 6th (top) floor of a quiet, very well maintained classic Haussmannian building. BEDROOM The bedroom includes a double bed (160x200 cm²) and a desktop to set your laptop on. You will be provided clean, fresh linen and towels for your stay. LIVING ROOM The living room is equipped with a two-seater sofa, 2 footstools, a nice wooden table, and an entertainment station which includes a flat screen TV, cable TV, a Playstation3 with games and Blu-ray movies, and an audio system to play your music. KITCHEN The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove and oven, a big fridge with a freezer compartment and a washer. The utensils are available for your use. I only make my apartment available when I am away on a trip, so depen
11229		This nice renovated flat is composed with a room, a living room with a sofa bed, an equipped kitchen, bathroom with shower and toilets, central location close to metro and all shops, restaurants, bars around, 5 minutes walking to the parc des expos
11230	A lovely and spacious family apartment (about 1240 sq ft) with large bedrooms giving onto a beautiful courtyard.  	Enjoy our quiet,beautiful and spacious 3-bedroom apartment located in the heart of the 15th arrondissement in Paris.  Ideal for a couple with two children it is in a great neighborhood with cafés, restaurants and an outdoor market!   A lovely and spacious family apartment (about 1240 sq ft) with large bedrooms giving onto a beautiful courtyard.   You will have access to the whole apartment, with a thrice-weekly outdoor market just around the corner!  There is a huge beautiful park just a few blocks away.  Lots of shops, restaurants and cafés just around the corner.   We are right near the Convention metro stop
11231	Quartier très calme et proche de commerces, à dix minutes à pieds de la Porte de Versailles, à dix minutes en métro de Montparnasse, proche des lignes 12 et 8 du métro, tramway T2 et T3	Bien située dans le 15ème au sud de Paris à 20 min de la Tour Eiffel et 10 minutes de la Porte de Versailles, dans un quartier calme, chambre avec lit deux places dans grand appartement accueillant. 5ème étage. ascenseur. Cuisine équipée Quartier très calme et proche de commerces, à dix minutes à pieds de la Porte de Versailles, à dix minutes en métro de Montparnasse, proche des lignes 12 et 8 du métro, tramway T2 et T3 Accès à la cuisine de l'appartement Salle de bains et toilettes séparées
11232		Located in Paris 15e, close to the Eiffel Tour and Invalides, all important transport facilities. Modernity and elegance, terrace, close to restaurants and everything you need, still calm and residential.
11233		Chambre dans trois pièces de 45 m2. Aménagement plutôt atypique, cuisine type bateau, baignoire sabot, salon chaleureux avec mobilier personnel, pas de IKEA ou presque :). On s'y sent chez soi. Accès à une chambre de 14 m2 avec placard pour vos affaires. Nous partagerons le salon central, la cuisine et la salle de bain. Je peux vous indiquer mes petites adresses personnelles. De bon conseil dans le domaine culturel ( je suis artiste ) et gastronomique. Quartier agréable, très bien desservie et calme. Accès aux lignes de metro 13, 6, 4, 12 à 2 mn à pied. Accès à la gare Montparnasse également à  2 mn.
11234	The flat is located in a quiet street which has 	Nice area with a charming atmosphere: many restaurants, and the famous George Brassens Park, with its roses and antique book fairs. Have a look at the Santos Dumont villa, which is a street with small houses and flowered gardens right in the  middle of Paris !  Directions from PARIS MONTPARNASSE train station: - take bus 95 towards PORTE DE VANVES - stop at BRANCION-VOUILLE -walk 5 minutes to the flat
11235	One entrance with a WC, then a big living room (35m2 with kitchen and diner area), 2 bedrooms (around 12m2 each), and a nice an clean bathroom.	We rent our apartment during our vacation. Located in the 15th arrondissement, 10min walk from the Eiffel Tour. 1st floor of an hausmanian building,  One entrance with a WC, then a big living room (35m2 with kitchen and diner area), 2 bedrooms (around 12m2 each), and a nice an clean bathroom.
11236	L'immeuble est très calme (ce qui est plutôt rare à Paris!), l'appartement donne sur une cours intérieur, avec une jolie vue. Il est lumineux, et très bien situé. Le quartier est très bien fréquenté, aucun risque d'être ennuyé, et ce à n'importe quelle heure. Prenez simplement vos vêtements avec vous, je fournis les draps, et serviettes de toilette. Du café / thé sera à votre disposition pour mieux vous accueillir.  Vous avez un supermarché juste en face, et bars et très bons restaurants si vous n'aimez pas cuisiner ! Une épicerie est également proche, ouverte jusqu'à 2h du matin tous les jours. Bref, vous ne manquerez de rien! 	Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous, dans ce bel appartement dernièrement rénové. A quelques minutes seulement de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, vous pourrez profitez des meilleures balades parisiennes, tout en profitant d'un appartement calme, tout équipé, comme à la maison !  L'immeuble est très calme (ce qui est plutôt rare à Paris!), l'appartement donne sur une cours intérieur, avec une jolie vue. Il est lumineux, et très bien situé. Le quartier est très bien fréquenté, aucun risque d'être ennuyé, et ce à n'importe quelle heure. Prenez simplement vos vêtements avec vous, je fournis les draps, et serviettes de toilette. Du café / thé sera à votre disposition pour mieux vous accueillir.  Vous avez un supermarché juste en face, et bars et très bons restaurants si vous n'aimez pas cuisiner ! Une épicerie est également proche, ouverte jusqu'à 2h du matin tous les jours. Bref, vous ne manquerez de rien! L'appartement est accessible très facilement, situé à moins de 5min à pied de la
11237	If you are looking for a nice place to sleep in Paris, you are welcome in this studio on the 3rd floor of an hausmannian building with elevator .  You can sleep in a room all comforts. The place is full of charm: old parquet, mouldings, Prussian stove and has all the necessary equipment for comfort:  - TV + DVD player  - Wifi  - bathroom with bathtub  - washing machine  - dishwasher  The studio is located only 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 20 min from the Trocadéro.  Multiple transports are nearby: - 3 metro stations allow you to circulate in Paris very easily: * Dupleix (line 6) * La Motte Picquet Grenelle (lines 6,8 and 10) * Charles Michel (line 10) - bus 42 - RER C (Champs de Mars) - two Vélib stations are also nearby. To come to the apartment: - from Paris Orly Airport: take the shuttle Air France to Montparnasse then take underground line 6 and get off at Dupleix  - from Paris Charles de Gaulle: take the shuttle Air France to Charles de Gaulle Etoile then take undergr	Charming 30 m2 studio for rent (kitchen, bathroom with bath, separate toilet) near the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk), transport (6.8 and 10 subway lines and RER C), commodities (grocery stores, supermarkets, bakeries nearby) If you are looking for a nice place to sleep in Paris, you are welcome in this studio on the 3rd floor of an hausmannian building with elevator .  You can sleep in a room all comforts. The place is full of charm: old parquet, mouldings, Prussian stove and has all the necessary equipment for comfort:  - TV + DVD player  - Wifi  - bathroom with bathtub  - washing machine  - dishwasher  The studio is located only 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 20 min from the Trocadéro.  Multiple transports are nearby: - 3 metro stations allow you to circulate in Paris very easily: * Dupleix (line 6) * La Motte Picquet Grenelle (lines 6,8 and 10) * Charles Michel (line 10) - bus 42 - RER C (Champs de Mars) - two Vélib stations are also nearby. To come to the apartment: - from 
11238	48m2 With a living room / bedroom with a king size bed / a kitchen well equipped with oven, microwave, hot plates, dishwasher, washing machine… / a bathroom / a restroom.	Appartement for 2 very well located : 5 minutes by foot from the metro (3 lines), bus, supermarkets, restaurants…Just next to the Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower. In a little street rather quiet. 48m2 With a living room / bedroom with a king size bed / a kitchen well equipped with oven, microwave, hot plates, dishwasher, washing machine… / a bathroom / a restroom. Metro 6, 8, 10 Bus
11239	"General description of the apartment: This apartment of 80 square meters is a 3 rooms located rue Letellier, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris at a few steps from rue du Commerce. It includes a large living / dining room, two bedrooms, a dressing room, an open fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The apartment is located on the 6th floor and has an elevator. The decor is neat, it offers all modern amenities and can accommodate up to 4 people. It also has three balconies with table and chairs outside. It also has a breathtaking view of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is served by the metro station ""La Motte-Picquet -. Grenelle"" Equipments The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Central heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - Balcony terrace - Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee - kettle - Linen / towels - towels - Washing machine - Dryer - Dishwasher - vacuum - I"	"General description of the apartment: This apartment of 80 square meters is a 3 rooms located rue Letellier, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris at a few steps from rue du Commerce. It includes a large living / dining room, two bedrooms, a dressing room, an open fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The apartment is located on the 6th floor and has an elevator. The decor is neat, it offers all modern amenities and can accommodate up to 4 people. It also has three balconies with table and chairs outside. It also has a breathtaking view of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment is served by the metro station ""La Motte-Picquet -. Grenelle"" Equipments The following facilities are available to you: - digital code - Elevator - Central heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - Balcony terrace - Kitchen - refrigerator - freezer - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - Coffee - kettle - Linen / towels - towels - Washing machine - Dryer - Dishwasher - vacuum - I"
11240	Nid douillet très lumineux   situé au 4 ieme étage,dans une  rue calme ,ouvert  sur une terrasse plein sud.Vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour un agréable séjour  Bright studio of 24 m² with a small south facing terrace, kitchenette equipped, living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, TV located in a quiet street just two minutes walk from the Convention Metro (line 12). 	Nid douillet très lumineux   situé au 4 ieme étage,dans une  rue calme ,ouvert  sur une terrasse plein sud.Vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour un agréable séjour  Bright studio of 24 m² with a small south facing terrace, kitchenette equipped, living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, TV located in a quiet street just two minutes walk from the Convention Metro (line 12). Studio confortable pour deux personnes  Vous trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour un agréable séjour. Draps serviettes-Menage compris Possibilité de petit-déjeuner  Bathroom with shower, toilet and dressing. Sheets and towels. Cleaning included. Vous pouvez me contacter à tout moment pour conseils ou informations You can contact me at any time for advice or information. Le quartier se situe au croisement de la rue de convention et rue de Vaugirard bourré de commerces, cafés ,boutiques en tout genre. L'appartement est à 10 minutes à pied de la Porte de Versailles, du Parc des Expositions et du Palais des s
11241		Propose un appartement 75m2, à 2mn du métro Convention, au pied du marché, comprenant: 2 chambres, 1 grand séjour (dont un canapé convertible 2personnes), 1 SDB avec WC, 1 WC séparé , 1 dressing, 1 cuisine équipé (plaque vitro. , four, micro-onde...)
11242	It is very bright all day long.  The original parquet floor, the fine moldings and the chimney make this place very authentic.  This apartment is available for 4 persons.	Very relaxing and comfortable apartment on the 6th floor of a Parisian-style building with lift/elevator.  There are 2 bedrooms equipped with double beds. It is very bright all day long.  The original parquet floor, the fine moldings and the chimney make this place very authentic.  This apartment is available for 4 persons. The guests will be given access to the whole apartment. The dressing-room, however, will be kept locked for storing some personal things.  When you enter the apartment, a corridor leads to the living room, two bedrooms with double beds (one large bedroom on the road-side, and a smaller bedroom on the courtyard-side). The living room is very cosy. You will have TV with more than 20 channels, DVD player, iPod docking station, and many books on the shelves. This room, as the large bedroom, is flooded with natural light from 11am to 8pm.  The two bedrooms have double beds. Clean bed linen will be provided.  The kitchen is tiny but very practical. You will find all the e
11243	Foncitonal studio as designed by an interior designer.	Foncitonal studio as designed by an interior designer. 1 sofa bed, shower, toilet, kitchenette, fridge, kettle, induction cooker with 3 pans and a saucepan. Plates, glasses in hand, iron and ironing board. Wifi Store with automatic remote control I am very reactive to answer requests because I have access to the application and my emails on my phone. The area is very green and pleasant. Close to the Montparnasse Tower and a large park. Traders qualities in avoisinantes.Many street restaurants and cafes, pharmacies and bakers. Gaumont cinema next to the Metro Convention.  The metro line 12 Convention which is 7 minutes walk (4 minutes by bus) or Plaisance metro line 13 which is equidistant. Bus in front of the apartment and tram nearby. Ideal for a couple or a single person.
11244	"Calm, vast & luminous 70m² appartement in the center of the 15th Paris district, named ""Beaugrenelle"" (Metro Charles Michel / RER Javel). Located on the 5th floor of a high bulding, elevators. 10mn walk to the Eiffel Tower, the appartement is located at the foot of the Seine and surrounded by french & international-brands shops such as: food (famous ""La Patisserie des Reves"", Cojean, Noura, Hagen Daz etc), clothing (Maje, Sandro, Petit Bateau, Zara etc), retail shops, Darty, Starbucks, typical french and italian restaurants, cafés, terrass, hairdresser, spas, Guerlain fragrance boutique, OPI nails salon, Keller reknown open-ceiling swimming pool, cinema with ""Atmos"" sound design, bank, post office, taxis station, metro and buses. Great promenades to experience along the Seine river. The district is lively and welcoming. The luminated living room offers two large beige-tone couches in a warm and cosy atmosphere. A library collection will make you discover the french and ww authors. Larg"	"Located right in the stunning new ""Beaugrenelle"" district (15e, West of Paris) in front of the Seine, this 60m² apartment has been all renovated. You will enjoy a stay in that brand-new Paris district, highly visited by Parisian people, be charmed by the balades on the Seine river, visit the Eiffel Tower, love the french food restaurants located alongside and discover a great shopping area far from the rehash ""Grands magasins"". Calm, vast & luminous 70m² appartement in the center of the 15th Paris district, named ""Beaugrenelle"" (Metro Charles Michel / RER Javel). Located on the 5th floor of a high bulding, elevators. 10mn walk to the Eiffel Tower, the appartement is located at the foot of the Seine and surrounded by french & international-brands shops such as: food (famous ""La Patisserie des Reves"", Cojean, Noura, Hagen Daz etc), clothing (Maje, Sandro, Petit Bateau, Zara etc), retail shops, Darty, Starbucks, typical french and italian restaurants, cafés, terrass, hairdresser, spas, Gu"
11245	Independent studio, fully furnished in a quiet, typically Parisian, many shops nearby (rue du Commerce) 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower in 8mn walk from the Seine and the Ile aux Cygnes 3 minutes subway Commerce (line 8), 5 minutes from metro Lamotte Picquet Grenelle (line 8-10-6), you go very quickly to Opera, Champs Elysees, Saint Germain and very easy to Bastille and Versailles. You can also take the bus at a stop just below and within few minutes you arrive at the Louvre. This is a quiet area with nice shops nearby (clothing but also butchers, cheese shops, various supermarkets including organic, cafés, etc ...) and close to everything! You will find many public gardens in the area. The studio is on the 7th and last floor with elevator, it is very clear, its two windows face the courtyard overlooking the Eiffel Tower. You will have the sun in the morning when the clouds are not there! It consists of a main room with a real double bed which has its separate space. In this room	This is a nice and quiet place with view on the shining Eiffel Tower. In a quiet and safe area, with lots of restaurants and shops and close to almost everything you may want to see in Paris. Independent studio, fully furnished in a quiet, typically Parisian, many shops nearby (rue du Commerce) 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower in 8mn walk from the Seine and the Ile aux Cygnes 3 minutes subway Commerce (line 8), 5 minutes from metro Lamotte Picquet Grenelle (line 8-10-6), you go very quickly to Opera, Champs Elysees, Saint Germain and very easy to Bastille and Versailles. You can also take the bus at a stop just below and within few minutes you arrive at the Louvre. This is a quiet area with nice shops nearby (clothing but also butchers, cheese shops, various supermarkets including organic, cafés, etc ...) and close to everything! You will find many public gardens in the area. The studio is on the 7th and last floor with elevator, it is very clear, its two windows face the courtyar
11246	"The flat is well located in the 15th arrondissemt, in a street with all the shopping facilities (market, supermarket, butcher's ,baker's , caterer and excellent ""patisseries"". Only 15 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower."	"Nice Typical Parisian flat with 2 bedrooms ( a double bed in each) a living-room with a sofa bed. Ideal location:2 mn walk from Ch. Michel udg station (L.10):4 stops from R. Garros                           5 mn walk from Boucicaut udg station (L.8) The flat is well located in the 15th arrondissemt, in a street with all the shopping facilities (market, supermarket, butcher's ,baker's , caterer and excellent ""patisseries"". Only 15 mn walk from the Eiffel Tower. The neighbourhood is very convenient because it easy for the shopping . Nevertheless it's quite silent because of double glazing. it's very near 2 important stations:Ch. Michel (L.10) and Boucicaut (L.8). Moreover you can get to the flat by bus: N°42 and N°62. If you are driving, you can park your car on a parking  lot,5 mn walk from the flat. The bathroom with its shower , washbasin and toilet is not very convenient (a bit old-fashioned)  but very well-kept and very clean."
11247	If you are seeking of a nice quiet apartment in a central location, then this cute Art Deco Aparment suits you!! Also, please note that it has been retransformed by a home stager at the beginning of July 2015 to make it a real welcoming nest Walls have been painted in yellow in the main room and soda bed has been chosen for its quality and for its petrolum  blue colou While it was to rent for 3, it is now for 2 people as we want to give our guest the best confort! Situated in the appreciated 15 eme arrondissement, you ll reach the Eiffel Tower in 7 mn by feet from the (website hidden) just a fabulous place to see the 14TH of July FIREWORKS on Eiffel Tower!!!!! This first floor flat has its own entrance which gives the impression of privacy and self-containment, with flowers on the window-sills and no direct neighbours to disturb your stay. The appartment furnishings are modern, good quality and traditional with a simple classic taste and a soft lighting effect to make your stay as rela	An elegant One Room flat of character situated at the feet of Paris most emblematic monument and furnished with modern amenities that will allow really you to enjoy your stay!! After one year of long term rental, here is the flat back for short stay If you are seeking of a nice quiet apartment in a central location, then this cute Art Deco Aparment suits you!! Also, please note that it has been retransformed by a home stager at the beginning of July 2015 to make it a real welcoming nest Walls have been painted in yellow in the main room and soda bed has been chosen for its quality and for its petrolum  blue colou While it was to rent for 3, it is now for 2 people as we want to give our guest the best confort! Situated in the appreciated 15 eme arrondissement, you ll reach the Eiffel Tower in 7 mn by feet from the (website hidden) just a fabulous place to see the 14TH of July FIREWORKS on Eiffel Tower!!!!! This first floor flat has its own entrance which gives the impression of privacy 
11248		Bel appartement de 78m2,très lumineux et agréable à vivre,comprenant un grand séjour avec canapé d'angle,cuisine équipée,3 chambres et salle de bain.Les hôtes pourront profiter de tout l'appartement avec 1 chambre avec balcon sur la Tour Eiffel. Le 15ème est un quartier très calme et agréable dans lequel on se sent en sécurité. Métro : Ligne 8 et Ligne 12 Tram : T2 et T3 : accès Porte de Vincennes ou Porte d'Ivry  Bus : 62 jusqu’à Bibliothèque François Mitterand
11249	L’appartement est situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur.  Sa superficie est de 35m2 et peut recevoir 2 à 4 personnes (une chambre et un canapé lit confortables). Le linge et les serviettes de bain sont fournis. De plus, la cuisine est toute équipée.  L’accès au Wifi est gratuit et illimité. + TV.  D’autre part, vous y trouverez des commerces de bouche ainsi que des commerces de prêt à porter dans la rue du Commerce. 	L’appartement est situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur.  Sa superficie est de 35m2 et peut recevoir 2 à 4 personnes (une chambre et un canapé lit confortables). Le linge et les serviettes de bain sont fournis. De plus, la cuisine est toute équipée.  L’accès au Wifi est gratuit et illimité. + TV.  D’autre part, vous y trouverez des commerces de bouche ainsi que des commerces de prêt à porter dans la rue du Commerce. Pour vos déplacements, vous trouverez le métro au pied de l’immeuble (métro 10 Emile Zola) ou à 2 minutes à pied les lignes 10, 6 et 8 à la Motte Picquet Grenelle.  Une station de vélib et d’autolib sont également à proximité. Nous sommes présents pour vous accueillir et vous donner des conseils sur la capitale.  Quartier animé le jour, calme le soir. Brasseries typiquement parisiennes avec terrasses. Nombreuses boutiques  A proximité de monuments historiques Pharmacie ouverte 24h/24 7j/7
11250		1 rooms with a bed of 180x200, with its own shower, sink, large wardrobe and desk. Separate toilet. Living room with sofa bed 180x200, a fully equipped kitchen with microwave. Washing machine, dryer, vacuum cleaner. Wi-fi
11251		3 pièces 50m2 au 4e étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble haussmannien. Très ensoleillé aménagé avec goût ! Très cosy et pratique, il peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes (deux chambres et un canapé-lit). A 5min du Parc George Brassens et du métro. Cuisine équipée, lave-linge et sèche linge. Internet  Les voyageurs auront accès  l'appartement en entier.  L'appartement est mon logement principal. Je ne passerai donc pas de temps avec les voyageurs puisque je le loue lorsque je pars en voyage.  Par le métro: ligne 12 station Convention Par le bus: ligne 89 station Morillons-Dantzig Ligne 62 station Convention-Vaugirard Par le tram: ligne 3 station Georges Brassens L'appartement se trouve à seulement quelques minutes du Parc des Expositions de porte de Versailles !
11252	Appartement de 26m2 , moderne avec un balcon donnant sur une cour calme. Je dispose d'une pièce unique qui fait office de chambre à coucher ainsi que de cuisine. La salle de bain est séparée ainsi que les toilettes. Je dispose de :  - TV / Internet Haut Débit - Lave Linge - Lave vaisselle  - Frigo / Congélateur - Plaques électriques + Ustensiles de cuisines	Appartement de 26 m2 moderne et très lumineux disposant d'une longue  terrasse. Idéal pour un couple. Vous pourrez profiter de l'ensemble des équipements et plusieurs commerces et restaurants sont à proximité ! Métro 12 : Vaugirard ou Convention. Appartement de 26m2 , moderne avec un balcon donnant sur une cour calme. Je dispose d'une pièce unique qui fait office de chambre à coucher ainsi que de cuisine. La salle de bain est séparée ainsi que les toilettes. Je dispose de :  - TV / Internet Haut Débit - Lave Linge - Lave vaisselle  - Frigo / Congélateur - Plaques électriques + Ustensiles de cuisines Je suis disponible pendant l'intégralité de votre séjour (mail/sms/téléphone). Le quartier de Convention / Vaugigard est très vivant !  A moins de 5 min à pied vous avez :  - Restaurant :  Brasseries / Pizzas / Mac-Donald / KFC - Supermarché : Carrefour / Monoprix / Auchan - Autres : Pharmacie/ Opticien/ Banque / Fleuriste Centre Commercial : Beaugrenelle : 15 min à pied / 5 min avec le bus
11253		Single room in the south of Paris -Commerce (XVeme arr.) at 15 min from the Tour Eiffel. The room is free from the 20.08 to the 26.08 only.The flat is around 30m2, 2 rooms, big bathroom with bath.Fully furnished (beds, wardrobes, washing machine)
11254	Very convenient and recently refurbished  apartment for up to 6 people Very well located, central location, 3 subway lines (the station is La Motte Picquet grenelle) and 4 buses. Walking distance to go to Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, rue du Commerce (Gap, Zara, and a lot of shops), close to an outdoor market (Wednesday and Sunday), supermarkets... Shopping center Beaugrenelle at 10 minutes 15 minutes to go Saint-Germain / Champs-Elysées) by car or public transportation 2 rooms + 1 sofa in the living room: 1 King size bed , 2 one-place beds and one convertible sofa  1 dining kitchen with modern furnitures (oven, micro-wave...) 1 lounge / dining room Wifi Internet, TV cable (World TV channels) 1 Bathroom with bath, 1 independent closet  4th floor on 7, elevator Someone will take care of you at your arrival and departure Possibility to have a a cleaning lady during your stay (15 euros per hour) Possibility to have a parking place (EUR20 a day, EUR100 a week)	Closed to the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars, our recently-refurbished flat is perfect for up to 6 people (2 rooms, 1 new King size bed, 2 new one-place beds and a sofa in the living room). The flat is modern and well-equipped (Wifi, kitchen...). Very convenient and recently refurbished  apartment for up to 6 people Very well located, central location, 3 subway lines (the station is La Motte Picquet grenelle) and 4 buses. Walking distance to go to Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower, rue du Commerce (Gap, Zara, and a lot of shops), close to an outdoor market (Wednesday and Sunday), supermarkets... Shopping center Beaugrenelle at 10 minutes 15 minutes to go Saint-Germain / Champs-Elysées) by car or public transportation 2 rooms + 1 sofa in the living room: 1 King size bed , 2 one-place beds and one convertible sofa  1 dining kitchen with modern furnitures (oven, micro-wave...) 1 lounge / dining room Wifi Internet, TV cable (World TV channels) 1 Bathroom with bath, 1 independent closet  4th fl
11255		Our 850 sqft apartment is ideally located in a quiet area, 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower / Trocadero place. It suits well for 6 persons. French Art de vivre neighborhood (shopping, art galeries, coffees, delicatessen). Enjoy your stay like if you were a real Parisian.
11256	We invite you in our unique flat with an amazing view on the main monuments of the western Paris. The flat itself is very cosy and charming, the space is well-used and you will have all the equipments you would need (even girls' stuff for hair that we don't quite understand) :)	This fully equipped flat in the 25th floor, 10 minutes walk from Montparnasse, offers an amazing view on the North-Western part of the city: Clear view on Eiffel Tower, Invalides, La Defense, Montmartre… + You can swim in our great swimming pool :) We invite you in our unique flat with an amazing view on the main monuments of the western Paris. The flat itself is very cosy and charming, the space is well-used and you will have all the equipments you would need (even girls' stuff for hair that we don't quite understand) :) You will have a full access to 1 bedroom with a double bed, with a large walk-in wardrobe and a view on Eiffel Tower, the 'american kitchen' with a bar, opened to the living room, the bathroom and separated toilets. There is also a balcony offering an awesome view on many Parisian monuments where you can enjoy your time, and a (real) swimming pool in the 29th floor of the building... We will always be available for the guests if needed... The flat is 7 minutes far fro
11257	Vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel. Appartement très calme.  Secteur de Paris très recherché pour son emplacement. Situé au 12ème étage du bâtiment.	Situation exceptionnelle très près de la Tour Eiffel avec vue sur elle. Appartement de très bon standing . Proche de tous les sites à voir.Très bien deservi par les moyens de transport. Situé au 12ème étage du bâtiment. Vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel. Appartement très calme.  Secteur de Paris très recherché pour son emplacement. Situé au 12ème étage du bâtiment. L'appartement est totalement disponible. Par l'intermédiaire de Airbnb. Son emplacement proche de tout les sites à visiter Avec des commerces proches super marché phamacie docteur etc Vous avez le métro les bus Le RER
11258	The double lounge is fantastic : the space of 2 rooms turned into 1... We furnished it so you can have 2 very relaxing sofas (one is a white leather reclining sofa, the other one is a 3 people convertible). You also have some space to work (desk) and an area for your kids to play (a lot of our friends tell us that there are so many toys that this part of the lounge looks like a creche). The room has 3 big wardrobes (that you cannot see on the photo) and a king size bed (1m80 wide, who can beat that!!!) extremely comfortable! It has a direct access to the bathroom (also accessible through the corridor) where you can have a bath or a shower.  The toilets are separated from the bathroom, which is quite convenient. Finally, the kids' room is equiped with a baby bed, a changing table and  an extra wardrobe (+ more toys and books for kids). The kitchen is very functional, you can find there all the utensils you will need. It has a wahsing-machine (which is also a drier), and a dishwasher. --	Cosy double lounge and 2 bedrooms... finally a little space in Paris! All this in a recently refurbished apartment. You can come with friends (up to 7 adults) or with your family (baby bed and baby equipment available) The double lounge is fantastic : the space of 2 rooms turned into 1... We furnished it so you can have 2 very relaxing sofas (one is a white leather reclining sofa, the other one is a 3 people convertible). You also have some space to work (desk) and an area for your kids to play (a lot of our friends tell us that there are so many toys that this part of the lounge looks like a creche). The room has 3 big wardrobes (that you cannot see on the photo) and a king size bed (1m80 wide, who can beat that!!!) extremely comfortable! It has a direct access to the bathroom (also accessible through the corridor) where you can have a bath or a shower.  The toilets are separated from the bathroom, which is quite convenient. Finally, the kids' room is equiped with a baby bed, a changi
11259		Deux-pièces idéal pour un couple,  calme et très clair, entièrement équipé et fonctionnel. Au 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Quartier commerçant, accessible et rempli de petits bars restaurant sympas! Proche du parc des Exposition.
11260	An elegant Parisian apartment totally renovated and redecorated in 2015, with high ceilings and view on the internal courtyard. It is quiet and very bright. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with a lift. There’s a main room, a bathroom with a bath and shower screen, an open kitchen in the main room and a corridor with a cupboard.  Ideal for a couple or 2 friends, the couch is extremely confortable with a mattress on 14 cm wooden battens - 140 cm large, Bultex brand. The convertible couch uses the latest innovations in terms of installation, there are no cushions to take away, you just need to pull on the backrest and your bed is ready ! The apartment is equipped with  TV, internet with WIFI, heating plates, oven, coffee maker, microwave oven, toaster, kettle, nespresso, all the necessary equipment for your stay at “home away from home”. Bed linen and towels are provided. The apartment is less than 20 minutes from most of the most visited sites in Paris : the Eiffel tower, the 	In the heart of Paris, calm and bright apartment, entirely redecorated in 2015, located a few minutes’ walk or by metro from the most famous spots in Paris : the Eiffel Tower, Champs-Elysées,  Louvre, St Germain des Près, Notre-Dame... An elegant Parisian apartment totally renovated and redecorated in 2015, with high ceilings and view on the internal courtyard. It is quiet and very bright. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, with a lift. There’s a main room, a bathroom with a bath and shower screen, an open kitchen in the main room and a corridor with a cupboard.  Ideal for a couple or 2 friends, the couch is extremely confortable with a mattress on 14 cm wooden battens - 140 cm large, Bultex brand. The convertible couch uses the latest innovations in terms of installation, there are no cushions to take away, you just need to pull on the backrest and your bed is ready ! The apartment is equipped with  TV, internet with WIFI, heating plates, oven, coffee maker, microwave oven, to
11261	Small and peaceful room in my two bedroom flat where you can relax after a busy day exploring Paris. The room will suit young travelers not too fussy about 'hotel style' accommodation. The place I propose is more of a passing by surf on a couch style accommodation. Also I am organizing 'Explore Paris Street Art' in the summer time, if you are interested to take part of the adventure you can book it through this link: https://www.airbnb.com/experiences/194	Small private room in Paris 15th quarter, near Metro 'Porte de Versailles' line 12, in an old beautiful building. This is a fun and very Parisian part of the city with nice restaurants and cafes near by!  Small and peaceful room in my two bedroom flat where you can relax after a busy day exploring Paris. The room will suit young travelers not too fussy about 'hotel style' accommodation. The place I propose is more of a passing by surf on a couch style accommodation. Also I am organizing 'Explore Paris Street Art' in the summer time, if you are interested to take part of the adventure you can book it through this link: https://www.airbnb.com/experiences/194 Guests can have access to the toilet, shower, internet and tea or coffee. I am happy to advice visitors on where and how to go somewhere. The '15ème arrondissement', is a very nice part of Paris, this is a part of the city where people live so you will get a feeling of the Parisian lifestyle. It is very easy to go around by metro, bu
11262		Il s'agit d'un petit studio de 14m2, parfait pour une personne seule ou en couple.  Le logement est situé au rez-de-chaussée en face d'un grand parc, le Parc Georges Brassens. Le quartier est familial et tranquille.  Le studio est équipé d'un lit une place en hauteur sous lequel se trouve un canapé-lit deux places. Plusieurs espaces de rangements sont mis à disposition (bibliothèques, armoires, bureau). La kitchenette et la salle de bain (avec toilettes) sont de petites pièces à part.
11263		Rez de jardin, calme, sur cour, petite cuisine disponible, soleil l'après midi, magasins à proximité, restaurants et parc lit de plus disponible dans la chambre pour un enfant ...   idéal pour un WE à Paris du vendredi midi au lundi matin...
11264	Bonjour à tous,  Cet appartement de 40 m2 est idéal pour passer un agréable séjour en plein coeur de Paris. Tous les plus beaux sites de cette magnifique ville seront à votre portée à pied ou en métro. Entouré de jolies cours, le calme règne dans ce joli 2 pièces.  Situé au 4e étage vous pourrez voir tous les soirs le faisceau lumineux de la Tour Eiffel passer devant la fenêtre. Vous pourrez également goutez à la vie parisienne dans sa splendeur avec le marché prévu deux fois par semaine, ainsi que pour les accros du shopping l'ouverture du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle situé à 2 minutes à pied.	"Ce charmant deux pièces est situé dans une rue animée et commerçante, à 2 minutes du nouveau centre commercial ""Beaugrenelle"". A deux pas de la tour Eiffel, et accessible par de nombreux transports en commun. Très lumineux et et au calme, c'est un choix idéal ! Bonjour à tous,  Cet appartement de 40 m2 est idéal pour passer un agréable séjour en plein coeur de Paris. Tous les plus beaux sites de cette magnifique ville seront à votre portée à pied ou en métro. Entouré de jolies cours, le calme règne dans ce joli 2 pièces.  Situé au 4e étage vous pourrez voir tous les soirs le faisceau lumineux de la Tour Eiffel passer devant la fenêtre. Vous pourrez également goutez à la vie parisienne dans sa splendeur avec le marché prévu deux fois par semaine, ainsi que pour les accros du shopping l'ouverture du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle situé à 2 minutes à pied. Vous aurez à votre disposition l'internet sans fil afin de rester connecté au monde, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pou"
11265	Beautiful appartment when you will feel just like at home with a very quiet environment ans all the facilities (shopping market, bars, restaurants, etc...) very close.	"Beatiful appartment in a ""real"" Parisian area when you can taste French life just like Parisian people. Quiet and very near all the places to visit, go out, take a walk. It just has everything! Beautiful appartment when you will feel just like at home with a very quiet environment ans all the facilities (shopping market, bars, restaurants, etc...) very close. The appartment is at the center of the authentic Paris. All touristic places (Tour Eiffel, Louvre, Champs Elysées, Saint-Germain des Prés, Notre Dame) are accessible directly with the metro which is 3 minutes walking from the flat.  We will be there to tell you all the things you must know about the area and about the touristic places you can't miss! Lines 4, 5, 8, 9 are accessible "
11266		Center of Paris, cozy and romantic studio in a cute street, in front of Brassens garden. Excellent location, all walking distance: Bus (1 mn) Metro 12 13 T3a(8 mn) restaurants,supermarkets (2 mn) Close to all main attractions, 20-30mn by subway. 
11267	Calme et clair. Vue sur cours. 1er étage sans vis-à-vis. Calm and clear. View of progress. 1st floor, no neighbors in sight. Accès complet à l'appartement. Cuisine équipée : micro-ondes, machine à laver, plaques électriques, frigo..., Wifi gratuit, télévision câblée, enceinte pour produit Apple. Access to everything in the apartment. The kitchen is fully equipped (microwave, washing machine, electric hob, fridge ...). Free wifi, cable TV, speaker for Apple product. Mon agenda est flexible, je peux échanger avec tous les voyageurs par mail, à tout moment de la journée.  My agenda is flexible, I can share with all travelers by email at any time of the day. Quartier calme avec beaucoup de parcs, dont le parc André Citroën (A découvrir absolument).  Accès facile aux métro et bus. Proche de la rue du Commerce, rue piétonne, connue pour ses cafés et boutiques. Quiet area with many parks, including the André Citroën Park (Not to be missed). Easy access to metro and bus. Near Commerce Street, 	Studio 25m2, 1er étage, lumineux, calme, vue sur cours. Proche commerces, métro et Tour Eiffel. Tout confort. SDB, cuisine séparée avec machine à laver. Studio 25m2, 1st floor, bright, very quiet, overlooking the course. Close to shops, metro and Eiffel Tower. Comfort. Bathroom, separate kitchen with washing machine. Calme et clair. Vue sur cours. 1er étage sans vis-à-vis. Calm and clear. View of progress. 1st floor, no neighbors in sight. Accès complet à l'appartement. Cuisine équipée : micro-ondes, machine à laver, plaques électriques, frigo..., Wifi gratuit, télévision câblée, enceinte pour produit Apple. Access to everything in the apartment. The kitchen is fully equipped (microwave, washing machine, electric hob, fridge ...). Free wifi, cable TV, speaker for Apple product. Mon agenda est flexible, je peux échanger avec tous les voyageurs par mail, à tout moment de la journée.  My agenda is flexible, I can share with all travelers by email at any time of the day. Quartier calme ave
11268	Its two steps for montparnasse tower rie de rennes saint germain des pres and eiffel tower. Building very secure posh area lots of cab.	Near all the principal touristic monument of paris sait germain montparnasse tower invalides eiffel tower A lot of restaurants amenities ( bus subway taxi train) grosseries around and area very safe Its two steps for montparnasse tower rie de rennes saint germain des pres and eiffel tower. Building very secure posh area lots of cab. To all the flat wifi tv bathroom kitchen i can meet them and show them around Its up to them i will be around they can call me anytime Eiffeil tower Invalides  Saint germain des près and rue de rennes Malll LE BON MARCHE Big tower of montparnasse  Gallleries Lafayettes whatselse?? You have the train station gate montparnasse many buses and 4 different lignes of subway station:lignes 4,6,12,13 Im very clean organise u will really feel like homr
11269	A bright and cheerful spacious (120 m²) flat in a modern building located in the 15th arrondissement at Rue Millois known by the area of the Eiffel tower. The area is very quiet, safe and residential. The flat is just couple of minutes from metro station Cambronne (L6), 1,5 km from the Eiffel tower and close to la rue du commerce where you could do some shopping.	 A spacious flat (120 m2) within the amazing 15th district, with a wonderful view on Eiffel Tower. 8th level, with a nice terrasse, with 3 bedrooms!       A bright and cheerful spacious (120 m²) flat in a modern building located in the 15th arrondissement at Rue Millois known by the area of the Eiffel tower. The area is very quiet, safe and residential. The flat is just couple of minutes from metro station Cambronne (L6), 1,5 km from the Eiffel tower and close to la rue du commerce where you could do some shopping. Guests will have access to the full flat, wifi, terrace Nice restaurants, quiet, view on eiffel tower, many shops,  Metro Cambronne (L6) is at 2 minutes walking! Sèvres – Lecourbe (L6) is at 6 minutes from the flat (L6).  Also Ségur metro station (L10) is just 5 minutes from the flat.
11270	 (phone number hidden) The flat is located in a calm neighborhood ('Commerce'), and is well connected with public transportation (metro 6, 8, 10 + Velib). 10- 15 min walk away from the Eiffel tower. Located on the 2th floor with elevator,.The apartment Is Located At Corner 55 rue du commerce The apartment has 1 room, a dining room, an independent kitchen, separate restrooms, bathroom and a parking . The bedroom has a large, queen size bed (for 2). we have a large convertible couch in it (for 2)  in the living room .The kitchen is equipped. The neighborhood is family-friendly, with a typical parisian 'way of life' feel - There are several supermarkets within 5 minutes walking distance (including one that is open on sundays). Within that same 5 min walking range you will also find numerous restaurants. In terms of connectivity to all the main touristic attractions of the City : the neighborhood is extremely well connected - it probably explains why the 15th is the most populated arrondis	Cet appartement de 60 m² est très lumineux, calme et sans vis-à-vis. Au coin de la rue du Commerce (Paris 15), proche de toutes commodités et très facile d’accès, il est idéal pour visiter Paris. The flat is Located At Corner 55 rue du commerce. (phone number hidden) The flat is located in a calm neighborhood ('Commerce'), and is well connected with public transportation (metro 6, 8, 10 + Velib). 10- 15 min walk away from the Eiffel tower. Located on the 2th floor with elevator,.The apartment Is Located At Corner 55 rue du commerce The apartment has 1 room, a dining room, an independent kitchen, separate restrooms, bathroom and a parking . The bedroom has a large, queen size bed (for 2). we have a large convertible couch in it (for 2)  in the living room .The kitchen is equipped. The neighborhood is family-friendly, with a typical parisian 'way of life' feel - There are several supermarkets within 5 minutes walking distance (including one that is open on sundays). Within that same 5 mi
11271	"Bel appartement années 1950, 1 chambre calme avec lit simple. A 2mn du métro Lourmel (ligne8) et à 10 mn de la Porte de Versailles (ligne 12). l'appartement est très agréable. Cuisine équipée séparée.  Salle de bain confortable + WC séparé. L'appartement année 50 est très agréable, décoration minimaliste, tout équipé (internet, TV, audio, fer à repasser+planche). à 5 mn à pieds du magnifique parc Citroën, 10mn à pieds du parc Suzanne Lenglen (tennis, piste de courses à pieds), 5mn à pied du boulevard Victor :très belle balade en vélo (station Vélib' en bas de l'appartement) avec une architecture arts déco, allant jusqu'au parc Montsouris. accès appartement :Métro Lourmel, Balard,Boucicaut, porte de Versailles. tous commerce, café, restaurant à proximité. Les parcs dont spacieux et magnifiques. Le quartier Charles-Michel et son nouveau shopping center ""beaugrenelle"" vaut le détour (architecture à voir, salle de cinéma 3D La plus performante de paris), marches et commerçants gourmets son"	bel appartement années 1950, 1 chambre lit simple. A 2mn du métro Lourmel (ligne8) et à 10 mn de la Porte de Versailles (ligne 12). l'appartement est très agréable. Bel appartement années 1950, 1 chambre calme avec lit simple. A 2mn du métro Lourmel (ligne8) et à 10 mn de la Porte de Versailles (ligne 12). l'appartement est très agréable. Cuisine équipée séparée.  Salle de bain confortable + WC séparé. L'appartement année 50 est très agréable, décoration minimaliste, tout équipé (internet, TV, audio, fer à repasser+planche). à 5 mn à pieds du magnifique parc Citroën, 10mn à pieds du parc Suzanne Lenglen (tennis, piste de courses à pieds), 5mn à pied du boulevard Victor :très belle balade en vélo (station Vélib' en bas de l'appartement) avec une architecture arts déco, allant jusqu'au parc Montsouris. accès appartement :Métro Lourmel, Balard,Boucicaut, porte de Versailles. tous commerce, café, restaurant à proximité. Les parcs dont spacieux et magnifiques. Le quartier Charles-Michel et 
11272	Our flat is welcoming and very bright. It is well-furnished and not far from the areas of Montparnasse and Saint-Germain.	Welcome to your home ! We suggest a beautiful, bright and well-furnished parisian flat at Montparnasse. The apartment might welcome up to 5 persons, and is located near the shops, the metro, and not too far from the Eiffel Tower! Our flat is welcoming and very bright. It is well-furnished and not far from the areas of Montparnasse and Saint-Germain. You will have an access to all rooms of the apartment I am available at any time through my mobile phone, or facebook, if you have any question about the flat The 15th is a charming area in Paris, not far from the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, and very well deserved by the metro. People are very nice, and it's a very secure area. 7 minutes from the metro and 2 minutes from the Bus number 95, which goes to Montparnasse, Saint-Germain, Louvre, Jardin des Tuileries, and Opéra.
11273	"Nice flat ""studio"" at the heart of the 15th district of Paris, in a livened up street and with a lot of stores, well located for visiting the city. The flat has the advantage of a gorgeous sight of the Effeil Tower, the Invalides, ""la Défense""... You are 15 minutes walk of the Eiffel Tower, le Champs de Mars and la porte de Versailles. The appartement is also located close to the subway station Vaugirard, on line 12. This line will take you directly to Montparnasse, place de la Concorde, Saint-Lazare for your shopping et also Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. From subway line 6 at 10 minutes walk you reach from the Champs-Elysées avenue. Come in Paris for the 14 of july (National Day), you will watch the beautiful fireworks next the Effeil Tower, from the appartement!  This flat is modern, confortable and furnished. The kitchen is well equiped (microwave - fan oven, deep-freeze, washing machine, sheets, towel…) "	"Nice flat ""studio"" at the heart of the 15th district of Paris, in a livened up street and with a lot of stores, well located for visiting the city. The flat has the advantage of a gorgeous sight of the Effeil Tower, the Invalides, ""la Défense""... You are 15 minutes walk of the Eiffel Tower, le Champs de Mars and la porte de Versailles. The appartement is also located close to the subway station Vaugirard, on line 12. This line will take you directly to Montparnasse, place de la Concorde, Saint-Lazare for your shopping et also Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. From subway line 6 at 10 minutes walk you reach from the Champs-Elysées avenue. Come in Paris for the 14 of july (National Day), you will watch the beautiful fireworks next the Effeil Tower, from the appartement!  This flat is modern, confortable and furnished. The kitchen is well equiped (microwave - fan oven, deep-freeze, washing machine, sheets, towel…) "
11274	Un appartement bien fait de 25 m2, disposant d'une entrée, cuisine équipée, séjour avec canapé convertible pour deux personnes et table à manger, chambre avec un grand lit pour deux personnes et la salle de douche.	Ce deux-pièces simple, accueillant et fonctionnel permet d'accueillir deux personnes, avec éventuellement de jeunes enfants.  Situé dans un quartier calme, à côté du métro, de nombreux commerces à proximité, à 15 minutes porte à porte de l'Opéra.  Un appartement bien fait de 25 m2, disposant d'une entrée, cuisine équipée, séjour avec canapé convertible pour deux personnes et table à manger, chambre avec un grand lit pour deux personnes et la salle de douche. L'appartement est loué en entier.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, des plaques électriques, bouilloire et toute la vaisselle nécessaire.  Les draps et serviettes sont données selon le nombre de personne.  Le ménage est compris dans le prix total.  Un accès wifi est disponible. Vous pouvez me joindre à tout moment pour des conseils ou des informations supplémentaires. Pour les fans de shopping vous à deux pas de la rue du Commerce qui compte un très grand nombre de boutiques  Pour les fins gourmets vous adorerez la multitude de c
11275	Idéalement situé pour vos escapades parisiennes ! Double bed Bathroom with shower Kitchen with à micro wave, fridge, washing machine... Tv Wifi	Charmant studio Montparnasse, idéalement situé heart Paris. fonctionnel, lumineux, au pied des lignes de métro 6 et 12, bus 95. Salle de bain avec douche, kitchenette machine à laver le linge, coin nuit lit double, idéal pour vos séjours sur Paris ! Idéalement situé pour vos escapades parisiennes ! Double bed Bathroom with shower Kitchen with à micro wave, fridge, washing machine... Tv Wifi Proche Tour Effeil,  Invalides, accès gare Montparnasse et navettes aéroports Orly et Roissy Charles de Gaulle. Perfect location for you to experience the city of Paris. Au coeur du quartier Pasteur, célèbre par l'institut Pasteur et sa vie de quartier. 2 mn to Montparnasse railstation A 2 pas de la gare Montparnasse, au pied du Métro accès lignes 6 et 12. Bus 95.
11276		Studio de 25 m2, lumineux, idéalement situé (nombreux bus, métros, tramways à proximité) dans un petit immeuble très calme en plein cœur de Paris.  wifi, salle de bain et kitchenette Idéal si vous voyagez seul ou à deux.
11277	Original-Beschreibung durch den Gastgeber In einem typischen Pariser Hinterhof , ganz in der Nähe des Eiffelturms liegt dieses gemütliche zwei Zimmerhaus mit eigenem Eingang , Wohn und Schlafzimmer mit integrierter Kochnische und Bad ; Kuschelig und gemütlich , im Innenhof einer aus dem 17. jahundert stammenden Cordonnerie, mitten im Herzen von Paris, können sich von den anstrengenden Besichtigungen erholen...Sie haben WIFIanschluss moderner Platbildfernseher,sowie Stereoanlage.Die Kochnische ist für 4 Personen bestückt und Bettwäsche und Handtüscher sind vorhanden. Der Eiffelturm befindet sich in nur 8oo mtr Entfernung. 	Charmante Maisonnette en plein cœur de Paris, 25m carré, avec  salon, chambre à coucher indépendante, toute nouvelle salle de bain (photos récentes) et kitchenette. Wifi TV (en face du lit, n’apparaissant pas sur les photos) et stéréo . Bienvenue! Original-Beschreibung durch den Gastgeber In einem typischen Pariser Hinterhof , ganz in der Nähe des Eiffelturms liegt dieses gemütliche zwei Zimmerhaus mit eigenem Eingang , Wohn und Schlafzimmer mit integrierter Kochnische und Bad ; Kuschelig und gemütlich , im Innenhof einer aus dem 17. jahundert stammenden Cordonnerie, mitten im Herzen von Paris, können sich von den anstrengenden Besichtigungen erholen...Sie haben WIFIanschluss moderner Platbildfernseher,sowie Stereoanlage.Die Kochnische ist für 4 Personen bestückt und Bettwäsche und Handtüscher sind vorhanden. Der Eiffelturm befindet sich in nur 8oo mtr Entfernung.  Metro Charles Michel (ligne 10 Sud-Ouest de Paris) Bus 42 (direct Champs-Elysées et Tour Eiffel) ...
11278	15 m2	My studio is a cute and peaceful accommodation located just a few blocks away from the Eiffel Tower. It has a view on a nice little park & 2 metro stations nearby (Commerce and Charles Michels). It is a perfect nest for lovebirds in the city of love! 15 m2 My guest will have access to my whole apartment My neighborhood is very cute and peaceful but at the same time, you are really close to everything : metro stations, bus stations, supermarkets, pastries (typical french boulangeries), velib stations and a lot of bars, restaurants and shops ! And of course, it is located near the Eiffel Tower and makes it a perfect combination in Paris. Either Metro 8 ( Commerce ) or Metro 10 (Charles Michels) - which are both very near ( 3 minutes by foot)  Some buses also stop 20 metres away  There are also some velibs 50 metres away There are also other items at my visitor's disposal as a hair dryer or kitchen tools
11279	Le logement est un appartement type hausmanien avec cheminée, parquet et moulures. Il est refait à neuf. Le métro Lourmel est à 5 mn Ligne 8 très pratique elle traverse Paris.	Charmant 2 pièces 40 m2 haussmanien , refait à neuf, cheminée , moulures, cuisine équipée  1 er étage Métro Ligne 8 , 5 Mn à Pied Porte de Versailles. Le logement est un appartement type hausmanien avec cheminée, parquet et moulures. Il est refait à neuf. Le métro Lourmel est à 5 mn Ligne 8 très pratique elle traverse Paris.
11280	The apartment is located in a beautiful Parisian building from 1920 with an elevator. It is ideal for 4 people. A parking spot is also available for you for 10 € more by night. The apartment is composed of two large bright rooms and no building opposite. The first one is a beautiful room, stripped down and zen, in which there are a double bed and a wardrobe where you can store all your personal belongings. The second one is a really nice lounge with Parisian style. You have at your disposal a large sofa where you can relax after your day and which you can also turn into a bed for two. There is also a TV with cable and a table where you can eat with family and friends. You will find a large bathroom with a bathtub. Restroom are in the hallway, in another room. The kitchen is in a separate room and is fully equipped: coffee machine, fridge, oven, washing machine, etc. Linen, towels, pillowcases are provided . You have access to free wifi. The neighborhood is very lively and it is a busy 	This beautiful and comfy apartment for 4 people is perfect for your business trips or family vacations . It is located in a lively neighborhood in proximity to many shops , restaurants, ... The apartment is located in a beautiful Parisian building from 1920 with an elevator. It is ideal for 4 people. A parking spot is also available for you for 10 € more by night. The apartment is composed of two large bright rooms and no building opposite. The first one is a beautiful room, stripped down and zen, in which there are a double bed and a wardrobe where you can store all your personal belongings. The second one is a really nice lounge with Parisian style. You have at your disposal a large sofa where you can relax after your day and which you can also turn into a bed for two. There is also a TV with cable and a table where you can eat with family and friends. You will find a large bathroom with a bathtub. Restroom are in the hallway, in another room. The kitchen is in a separate room and is
11281	"Situated in a lovely residential neighborhood and not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars, we propose you our our home  as a lovely base from which to enjoy Paris especially for a larger group or family. The flat has two bedrooms; a dining room, living room, entry hall, a kitchen equipped with oven, fridge, and dishwasher as well as premium kitchen ware such as knives, pots and pans, etc; a bathroom including a shower, and clothes washer, and a separate toilet. Located in a lively residential area of Paris the flat provides easy access to food shopping, including an open market 3 days per week just a few meters from us. The neighborhood also features great local eateries, artisan bakeries, cheese mongers, fish mongers and butchers. The flat is also located near convenient transport options, including one metro stations in less than one minute walking, 4 bus lines, ""velib"" and ""autolib"" stations (bike and car hires) making it very easy to see all you would like to see in Pa"	"Situated in a lovely residential neighborhood and not far from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars, we propose you our our home  as a lovely base from which to enjoy Paris especially for a larger group or family. The flat has two bedrooms; a dining room, living room, entry hall, a kitchen equipped with oven, fridge, and dishwasher as well as premium kitchen ware such as knives, pots and pans, etc; a bathroom including a shower, and clothes washer, and a separate toilet. Located in a lively residential area of Paris the flat provides easy access to food shopping, including an open market 3 days per week just a few meters from us. The neighborhood also features great local eateries, artisan bakeries, cheese mongers, fish mongers and butchers. The flat is also located near convenient transport options, including one metro stations in less than one minute walking, 4 bus lines, ""velib"" and ""autolib"" stations (bike and car hires) making it very easy to see all you would like to see in Pa"
11282	Recently renovated flat, the location is perfect to visited Paris. Really quiet and practice, sure that your stay will be like you imagined!	"Hi ! Regular customer of Airbnb, it's my turn to propose my flat in Paris 15th. Perfect for 2 people,  Recently renovated flat, the location is perfect to visited Paris. Really quiet and practice, sure that your stay will be like you imagined! Wifi, perfect kitchen and bathroom, 140cm bed and big TV ! As possible i try to welcome my guests and it's with pleasure that I recomande good spots, restaurants and excursions in Paris. In a lively and shopping discrict you can find the famous ""Rue du Commerce"" just 5 minutes walk from the flat. 5 min in the other side there is the biggest mall of Paris (Baugrenelle). 3 metro lines permited to go everywhere in Paris quickly "
11283	Little lovely studio (13m²), close to the Eiffel Tour, entirely furnished and equipped, on the 1rst floor, in a lively nice area. 1 main room with a double sofa bed (140), 1 mezzanine with a double bed (140), 1  kitchenette (with a micro-wave oven which can be turned on oven, cooking sheet, refrigerator with a little freezer), 1 bathroom with a shower, 1 separate toilet into the studio. It’s a very bright studio (south exposure). Very convenient to visit Paris. In a nice area with restaurants and shops, and a large market twice a week. With internet and television. Warning : maximum 2 adults or 2 adults with 1 child. The building stairs are steep. You'll have to pay a deposit (300€ for a 1 to 3 weeks' rental), and we'll give it back to you at the end of your stay. NB : If the studio is not clean when you're leaving, you'll pay 40€ for the cleaning. 	Little lovely studio (13m²), close to the Eiffel Tour, entirely furnished and equipped, on the 1rst floor, in a lively nice area. 1 main room with a double sofa bed (140), 1 mezzanine with a double bed (140), 1  kitchenette (with a micro-wave oven which can be turned on oven, cooking sheet, refrigerator with a little freezer), 1 bathroom with a shower, 1 separate toilet into the studio. It’s a very bright studio (south exposure). Very convenient to visit Paris. In a nice area with restaurants and shops, and a large market twice a week. With internet and television. Warning : maximum 2 adults or 2 adults with 1 child. The building stairs are steep. You'll have to pay a deposit (300€ for a 1 to 3 weeks' rental), and we'll give it back to you at the end of your stay. NB : If the studio is not clean when you're leaving, you'll pay 40€ for the cleaning. 
11284	Cosy appartment with 2 balconies with panaromic Paris view & Eiffel Tower next to the  Montparnasse train station and all other transportations.  For one to six people. - 1 bedroom (with double bed) - 1 living room (with 2 sofa beds)  - 1 furnished kitchen  - 1 bath room and separate wc	Cosy flat with panoramic view of Paris & Eiffel Tower, very close from the subway and Montparnasse train station. 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 furnished kitchen and 1 bath room.  For one to six people. Cosy appartment with 2 balconies with panaromic Paris view & Eiffel Tower next to the  Montparnasse train station and all other transportations.  For one to six people. - 1 bedroom (with double bed) - 1 living room (with 2 sofa beds)  - 1 furnished kitchen  - 1 bath room and separate wc You'll have access to the entire apartment for you with everything you'll need. I remain at your disposal for any other informations.
11285	Le logement et tout neuf dans un quartier calme de Paris a proximité de la ligne 12 et 13 ainsi que du tramway 3a. Les chambres sont spacieuses et bien isolée. L'appartement est laissé propre avec tout équipements.	Le logement et tout neuf dans un quartier calme de Paris a proximité de la ligne 12 et 13 ainsi que du tramway 3a. Les chambres sont spacieuses et bien isolée. L'appartement est laissé propre avec tout équipements. Télévision et wifi à disposition De nombreux magasins à proximité ainsi que des restaurants et fast food.  Métro 13 Porte de Vanves (proche Montparnasse) Métro 12 Porte de Versailles Tramway 3a Arret Brancion ou Georges Brassens
11286		From Orly airport , take RER B to Denfert Rochereau and then line 4 towards Montrouge and get off at Montparnasse Bienvenue . From Charles de Gaulle airport , take RER B to Denfert Rochereau and then line 4 towards Montrouge and get off at Montparnasse Bienvenue.
11287	Nice space with recent parquet floor and white walls, cosy, bright and very quiet.	Ideally located in a quiet street nearby Montparnasse Station, the Invalides and the Quartier Latin.  Well connected by métr(phone number hidden)).  Perfect for a couple Nice space with recent parquet floor and white walls, cosy, bright and very quiet. Living room and bedroom for two people, bathroom with shower and wc. Very well located, near metro stations Duroc (lines 10 and 13), Falguière (line 12) and Saint Placide (line 4) and several bus stations (phone number hidden)), a lot of shops and restaurants in the streets, including Le Bon Marché, quiet and central area.
11288	L'appartement est un 3 pièces de 55m2. Il est idéal pour un couple avec leur 2 enfants. Le quartier est animé tout en restant calme. Métro Vaugirard (ligne 12) à 3mn et Commerce (ligne 8) à 6mn.  Le quartier de Vaugirard est un quartier de Paris très demandé par les familles. Les commerces y sont nombreux et c'est un point de départ idéal pour vos visites touristiques. A la fin d'une journée chargée, vous serez heureux d'arriver dans ce quartier calme et authentique à la fois. Le logement est facile d'accès: - plusieurs ligne de bus vous déposeront proche de l'appartement - les stations Vaugirard ou Convention (ligne 12) sont à 3mn à pied - la station Commerce (ligne 8) est à 7mn à pied 	L'appartement est un 3 pièces de 55m2. Il est idéal pour un couple avec leur 2 enfants. Le quartier est animé tout en restant calme. Métro Vaugirard (ligne 12) à 3mn et Commerce (ligne 8) à 6mn.  Le quartier de Vaugirard est un quartier de Paris très demandé par les familles. Les commerces y sont nombreux et c'est un point de départ idéal pour vos visites touristiques. A la fin d'une journée chargée, vous serez heureux d'arriver dans ce quartier calme et authentique à la fois. Le logement est facile d'accès: - plusieurs ligne de bus vous déposeront proche de l'appartement - les stations Vaugirard ou Convention (ligne 12) sont à 3mn à pied - la station Commerce (ligne 8) est à 7mn à pied Le quartier de Vaugirard est un quartier de Paris très demandé par les familles. Les commerces y sont nombreux et c'est un point de départ idéal pour vos visites touristiques. A la fin d'une journée chargée, vous serez heureux d'arriver dans ce quartier calme et authentique à la fois. Le logement est fa
11289	Our apartment is fully furnished and we believe you will find in it all that is necessary for a comfortable stay. From flat screen TV to Wi-Fi and satellite dish with english channels.	Modern 1 Bedroom Flat next to Eiffel Tower and the Seine river. The subway is a block away.  The place is big and very comfortable, lots of light. Building with 24H cameras. This Central Paris flat offers a peaceful retreat in town. Our apartment is fully furnished and we believe you will find in it all that is necessary for a comfortable stay. From flat screen TV to Wi-Fi and satellite dish with english channels. Full apartment.  In more details: 1.BRIGHT LIVING ROOM PROVIDES:  •Flat screen TV  •BLURAY  • Wi-Fi  •Double sofa(sofa bed)  •Glass dining table & chairs with pillows  2.FOR COMFORTABLE SLEEP OUR APARTMENT HAS:  •1 double bed  •1 sofa bed  •1 folding baby bed is available on demand •Clean bed linen for double & sofa bed  •Pillows  •Radiator in bathroom 3.THE KITCHEN CONTAINS:  •Toaster  •Kettle  •Microwave oven  •fridge freezer  •Washing machine •Tea, coffee, sugar    4.BATHROOM:  •Bathtub  •Towels  •Shampoo  •Shower gel  •Liquid soap  5.ESSENTIAL ITEMS:  • Hairdryer  • Cloth
11290		百年法式建築中，採光明亮、冬暖夏涼。 住戶皆為白領階級與有小孩的家庭，進出單純。 室內空間約40平方米，兩房一廳 本區治安良好、生活便利，附近就有超市、麵包店、Picard、郵局、Tabac、傳統市場（每週三、六日上午）與各類商店。 輕軌電車T3 號線Geroge Bressend、公車89號，距離地鐵站步行約5分鐘
11291	L'appartement, tout confort, est idéal pour les exposants ou visiteurs du parc des expos.  Pour tous les autres vacanciers l'appartement est tout aussi idéal car spacieux et très fonctionnel pouvant accueillir des enfants. Il est à quelques pas de la station de métro Portes de Versailles qui traverse La Capitale et du tramway.	Airport RCG. Bus connecting Paris-Opéra with Charles de Gaulle airport: Air-conditioned bus service between Paris(Opéra) and Charles De Gaulles airport(serving all terminals). Travel time: 75mn Where: 11 rue scribe 75009 Paris Dir. RCG: 5h15 to 00h30 Dir. Paris: 6h00 to 00h30 Frequency: 15-20mn Ticket: €11 Save time by purchasing your ticket in advance at all stations and automatic ticket machines.
11292		30m² appartment, 10 min from Eiffel Tower. You just have to walk for 3 minutes to reach the subway, and there are many  restaurants
11293	The apartment is quiet, well lit, and under the roof of a Parisian building. It can host 2 to 4 people: there are a comfortable bedroom and a mezzanine with a king size bed available.This place is ideal for a romantic stay or just to spend the weekend with friends.	Owned by architects, this cozy and original apartment is located in the heart of Paris. Come and enjoy the amazing view on the Eiffel Tower from the exposed-wooden-beam apartment. The apartment is quiet, well lit, and under the roof of a Parisian building. It can host 2 to 4 people: there are a comfortable bedroom and a mezzanine with a king size bed available.This place is ideal for a romantic stay or just to spend the weekend with friends. There are free Wi-Fi and basic food for breakfast (coffee, tea, jam) available as well. We will be thrilled to welcome you as soon as you arrive to show you around, recommend nice bars, restaurants you’d be interested in and answer all your questions! Happening neighborhood: Cambronne/ Motte Picquet Grenelle with many stores (open until 8pm) at a walking distance, terrace cafes, diverse types of restaurants, and a variety of food… The apartment is a seven-minute walk to the Eiffel Tower.  You can access the apartment via 3 Metro lines: -       Line
11294	Hello ! I propose you a cozy and quiet bedroom in  the 70 square meters apartment where I live. The apartment is on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building. There is an elevator and the access to the building is secured with an access code. There is also a concierge in the building.  The bedroom is 15 square meters. The bed is a  king size bed  equipped  with a comfortable Treca mattress. Ample storage place to unpack is available.  French breakfast is included : fresh pastries and traditional baguette direct from the bakery, coffee / tea / orange juice. The kitchen comes with a standard oven, cook-top,  washing machine,  fridge.   Hair dryer and fresh towels are provided. 	Hello ! I propose you a cozy and quiet bedroom in  the 70 square meters apartment where I live. The apartment is on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building. There is an elevator and the access to the building is secured with an access code. There is also a concierge in the building.  The bedroom is 15 square meters. The bed is a  king size bed  equipped  with a comfortable Treca mattress. Ample storage place to unpack is available.  French breakfast is included : fresh pastries and traditional baguette direct from the bakery, coffee / tea / orange juice. The kitchen comes with a standard oven, cook-top,  washing machine,  fridge.   Hair dryer and fresh towels are provided. • Bathroom is shared with me • Access to the fully equipped kitchen so you can cook if you want (utensils available, fridge, oven, kettle, toaster…). Numerous grocery stores nearby.  • Washing machine in the limit of one laundry every 4 days • High-speed Internet (Wi-Fi) is provided • Depending on countries, you
11295	Welcome to families. This is a family house so have all you need to cook, rest and have a pleasant time in Paris. Ideal for family with 2/3 kids.  It's also good  for 4 friends our 2 couples. Our preferred guests.. Nice couple up to 3 kids	Building with courtyard our apartment has   2 bedrooms: 1 double bed, 2 kids bunk bed + 1 huge convertible sofa in living room.  The apartment has 60 m2 in the heart of Paris 15, between subway Boucicaut(M8) and subway Convention (M12).Very quiet! Welcome to families. This is a family house so have all you need to cook, rest and have a pleasant time in Paris. Ideal for family with 2/3 kids.  It's also good  for 4 friends our 2 couples. Our preferred guests.. Nice couple up to 3 kids You have full access of the house. There is wireless and also a Mac computer that will be in one of the rooms for the guests. Sometimes we will be in Paris and available to receive the guests in the house and other times it will be the doorman that will give you the key and show you the apartment and we will be available by phone our email.  I love the sunday market in Convention; The square St Lambert just 3 minutes away from the house, is a perfect place to go run, catch sun and read; My street have all t
11296	Looking for a runaway for 2 in Paris?  A business trip ? Or a lovely stay in family in with your children ? Then you have just found the perfect match for you. With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! On the last floor you won't be disturbed by your neighbors. The mix between the modernity of the sofas and the tradition of the dining table create a very pleasant harmony. The wooden rounded table with it rustic looking chairs give a very particular charm to this room. You will be able to enjoy 2 armchairs and one large sofa to relax in front of the TV in the evening. This room is at the same time bright and colorful with light touches that warm this beautiful place. The sofa can turn itself in a bed and therefore welcome 2 more people. Kitchen is entirely equipped : cooker, oven, fridge, freezer, sink, micro waves, as all the cutlery and cooking accessories. This small practical kitchen will tickle your taste buds. Have a rest in a spacious bed	With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! Close to the metro line 6, Champs Elysees are 15 minutes away. It can welcome up to 4 people. Discover right now, this amazing flat with fully equipped kitchen  Looking for a runaway for 2 in Paris?  A business trip ? Or a lovely stay in family in with your children ? Then you have just found the perfect match for you. With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! On the last floor you won't be disturbed by your neighbors. The mix between the modernity of the sofas and the tradition of the dining table create a very pleasant harmony. The wooden rounded table with it rustic looking chairs give a very particular charm to this room. You will be able to enjoy 2 armchairs and one large sofa to relax in front of the TV in the evening. This room is at the same time bright and colorful with light touches that warm this beautiful place. The sofa can turn itself in a bed and 
11297	Baigné de lumière, du 16éme étage vous dominerez le tout Paris! A seulement 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et de la statue de la liberté ! Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple, mais avec avec un canapé lit situé dans le salon,il vous permettra d'étendre votre couchage jusqu'à 4 personnes.	Grand deux pièces cosy de charme situé rue Balard dans le 15 éme arrondissement (Metro Javel)  dans une grande résidence avec  vue panoramique. D'une superficie de 55m2, cet appartement tout équipé va vous permettre de profiter au maximum de votre séjour parisien. Baigné de lumière, du 16éme étage vous dominerez le tout Paris! A seulement 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et de la statue de la liberté ! Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple, mais avec avec un canapé lit situé dans le salon,il vous permettra d'étendre votre couchage jusqu'à 4 personnes. L'appartement se compose d'un grand salon avec salle à manger face à une grande baie vitrée pour admirer la vue panoramique. Dans cette pièce vous pourrez disposer d'une table ronde avec 4 chaises, d'un canapé lit , d'une table basse, d'un bureau d'un meuble bibliothéque TV avec TV (connexion internet). D'un long et large balcon avec à disposition des transats, une table et chaises pour prendre vos repas en admirant les couchers de 
11298		Au pied du parc Georges Brassens. Bus 62, 89, 95 Velib' (rent velo) Auotilib' (rent car) m. 13 Porte de Vanves
11299		15 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, lovely appartment, can hold four peolple; bed for 2 and sofa, or just 2.
11300		Bedroom in a quiet and recent apartment in Paris (15è arrt). You'll find three metro stops near the place (5-10 min walk) that will lead you anywhere you like! You will share the apartment with me and my cat. We are always glad to meet new people :) You may have access to all the rooms except the other bedroom. In my opinion, Airbnb is not just a way to find a good location for a cheaper price than a hotel: it's rather a way to meet people from different cultures and learn from each other. I would be glad to provide you with information and share my insights on Paris since I was born and raised in this beautiful city. Even if I have to work during week days we can still manage to share some time together This is a safe residential area with a lot of animations from the stores around. There are spacious avenues and the monumental Invalides, Ecole Militaire and Eiffel Tower within walkable distance (30 min) You may find three buses that stop right in front of the building and 3 metro sto
11301	Welcome to this very nice 2 room apartment 45m2, ideally located on the Avenue de Suffren , 150 meters from the UNESCO Headquarters, 5 minutes walk from the famous Champs de Mars, Avenue de Breteuil and the Ecole Militaire ( Eiffel tower) Service Included: Washing machine. Coffee machine TV international channels Wifi internet. Microwave, fridge / freezer, toaster (toasted sandwiches), gas stove. Bed linen & towels are included. One bedroom with double bed. Sofa bed in the lounge. Short-term rental Price: 120 eur / night 800 euro / week 2400 eur / month Nearby metro: Line 10 Station: Segur (a 30 meters) Line 6 Station : Sevres-Lecourbe ( 150 meters) You will then have access to great places in Paris, such as Arc de Triomphe, Trocadéro, Jardin des Plantes, Odeon. If you have any questions about the apartment, its location, please feel free to ask, and I will come back to you.	Welcome to this very nice 2 room apartment 45m2, ideally located on the Avenue de Suffren , 150 meters from the UNESCO Headquarters, 5 minutes walk from the famous Champs de Mars, Avenue de Breteuil and the Ecole Militaire ( Eiffel tower) Service Included: Washing machine. Coffee machine TV international channels Wifi internet. Microwave, fridge / freezer, toaster (toasted sandwiches), gas stove. Bed linen & towels are included. One bedroom with double bed. Sofa bed in the lounge. Short-term rental Price: 120 eur / night 800 euro / week 2400 eur / month Nearby metro: Line 10 Station: Segur (a 30 meters) Line 6 Station : Sevres-Lecourbe ( 150 meters) You will then have access to great places in Paris, such as Arc de Triomphe, Trocadéro, Jardin des Plantes, Odeon. If you have any questions about the apartment, its location, please feel free to ask, and I will come back to you.
11302	English: The apartment is located 5 minutes from the metro stations convention and portes de Vanves in Paris, 15th arrondissement. Very well located in a quiet street, plenty of shops around (bakeries, coffees, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc...). It consists of a bedroom (2 beds) and a living room(1 convertible bed), kitchen, bathroom and entrance. Well furnished  for a confortable stay and very luminous with many windows (4 in tot), double glazing!  Do not hesitate to contact us for more details. French:  L'appartement est situé  dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris.A 5 minutes à pied des station de Metro (convention et porte de Vanves) et à) 2 minutes da la station du Tram Brancion. L'appartement est composé d'une chambre à coucher (2 lits) et un séjour équipé d'un convertible. La cuisine est équipe d'une cuisinière, de deux fours, d'un frigo et des équipements de cuisine. La douche est séparée des toilettes.Un joli parc (Le parc Georges Brassens) est mitoyen de l'immeuble. des	English: The apartment is located 5 minutes from the metro stations convention and portes de Vanves in Paris, 15th arrondissement. Very well located in a quiet street, plenty of shops around (bakeries, coffees, supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc...). It consists of a bedroom (2 beds) and a living room(1 convertible bed), kitchen, bathroom and entrance. Well furnished  for a confortable stay and very luminous with many windows (4 in tot), double glazing!  Do not hesitate to contact us for more details. French:  L'appartement est situé  dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris.A 5 minutes à pied des station de Metro (convention et porte de Vanves) et à) 2 minutes da la station du Tram Brancion. L'appartement est composé d'une chambre à coucher (2 lits) et un séjour équipé d'un convertible. La cuisine est équipe d'une cuisinière, de deux fours, d'un frigo et des équipements de cuisine. La douche est séparée des toilettes.Un joli parc (Le parc Georges Brassens) est mitoyen de l'immeuble. des
11303	The flat is situated in the heart of Paris to only five minutes walk from Eiffel tower and less than ten from Invalides.  Very safety area in which you can walk late night without a problem. The flat has a spectacular view to the Eiffel tower and surrounded building. T	Private room in a 90 m2 apartment. Very close to Champ de Mars. Building from early 80s.  8th floor with lift; fully equipped, shared dressing room, kitchen, large living room and a balcony.  Two bed rooms. The flat is situated in the heart of Paris to only five minutes walk from Eiffel tower and less than ten from Invalides.  Very safety area in which you can walk late night without a problem. The flat has a spectacular view to the Eiffel tower and surrounded building. T The metro Cambronne is less than 200 metros away and there is a taxi station just in the corner. The building is adapted with accessibility for persons with reduced mobility. I can be present in the mornings and nights due to my work.  This a very central neighborhood really close to Champs de Mars, Invalides and Rodan museum. There is a street with lots of shops very close call Rue de Commerce with pharmacies, clothes and food available. Motte-Piquet has a lot of brasseries and cafes with diverse options of food.  Me
11304	Free internet Wifi and TV cable with international chanels available. You will find a great supermarket (G20) right at the entrance of the building.	New studio flat recently renovated (May2015) with balcony located near the Invalides dome and the Eiffel tower. This new studio is on the 5th floor with elevator and is overlooking a quiet garden. The area is safe and is close to all amenities like the famous Le Bon Marché.. Free internet Wifi and TV cable with international chanels available. You will find a great supermarket (G20) right at the entrance of the building. The nearest métro stations are Duroc (lines 10 and 13) and Sèvres Lecourbe (line 6).
11305	Proximity to Eiffel Tower and i'm speaking a good english language if you need informations about restaurants or sightseeing.	Conveniently located between Cambronne metro Motte Picquet 5min walk from the Eiffel Tower.  15 m2 on 5th floor without elevator; shower room with toilet, living room with sofa bed, kitchenette, TV and washing machine. Proximity to Eiffel Tower and i'm speaking a good english language if you need informations about restaurants or sightseeing. Quiet area with supermarket opposite the apartment and a lot of restaurants Subway 8 and 10, the both cross Paris and 2 stops at 50 meter from the appartment
11306		Connectée à 4 lignes de métro (6, 8, 10, 12), dans un quartier calme et commerçant, cette chambre lumineuse est pleine de charme. Le petit déjeuner inclus et l'accueil chaleureux qui vous attend rendront votre séjour à Paris inoubliable. 
11307	apartment completely equipped for 2 people: compound(made up) of a lounge(show) + TV. Fully-equipped kitchen + bathroom + combo washer-dryer. Intercom - Elevator	Cosy studio, equipped, situated at the heart  15th district of Paris, near the PARC DES EXPOSITIONS PORTE DE VERSAILLES, near EIFFEL TOWER, and near the lively area of MONTPARNASSE. Pleasant district, several shops apartment completely equipped for 2 people: compound(made up) of a lounge(show) + TV. Fully-equipped kitchen + bathroom + combo washer-dryer. Intercom - Elevator I CAN explain  all You need before and during your holidays.  numerous shops and restaurants.  near Montparnasse for the shopping or the cinema. Subway lines 12 station Voluntaires or Vaugirard + bus lines 39/70/89. Fast access to the main tourist monuments of Paris: Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars, the Champs-Elysées, the Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre, Montparnasse Tower, the Latin Quarter, of the Seine, The Cathedral Notre-Dame-de-Paris, Montmartre, the Sacred Heart. 40-euro domestic clan and laundry A 300-euro pledge will be asked and returned to the end of the stay
11308	The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 1920’s building made of red bricks which is protected as a historic monument. It consists of 3 rooms: - 1 master bedroom with 1 queen size bed and its attached bathroom - 1 children bedroom with 1 children size bed + 1 baby splitting bed - 1 large living room with 1 sofa bed, 1 large dining table + TV set. Every room has a window, overlooking the inside courtyard. The place is clean and quiet. The flat is ideal for families : baby bed, high chair, changing table, stroller and children games are available.	Appartement on the 2nd floor of a 1920’s building Ideally located in Paris center (15th arrondissement) Consists of 3 rooms: - 1 master bedroom with 1 double bed - 1 children bedroom with 1 children size bed - 1 living room with 1 sofa bed The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 1920’s building made of red bricks which is protected as a historic monument. It consists of 3 rooms: - 1 master bedroom with 1 queen size bed and its attached bathroom - 1 children bedroom with 1 children size bed + 1 baby splitting bed - 1 large living room with 1 sofa bed, 1 large dining table + TV set. Every room has a window, overlooking the inside courtyard. The place is clean and quiet. The flat is ideal for families : baby bed, high chair, changing table, stroller and children games are available. You will have access to the whole place, which is the home of our family: Caroline 31, Raphael 32, and our 2 children Ulysse and Brune. The appartement is intended for a family with a maximum of 4 adults, 1 chi
11309	TV, wifi, bedroom, wc, bathroom, fridge	Place Breteuil, place of turning of films. Very calm Haussmanien building with guardian. Entirely independent entry and spaces. Bathroom and (website hidden) and wifi. Double bed of 160 by 200 and another bed available. Housing not smoker. Breakfast in the (website hidden), wifi, bedroom, wc, bathroom, fridge Completely independent housing Métro : 6 (Sévres Lecourbe) and 10 (Ségur) or bus (Place Breteuil) or taxi (Place Breteuil)
11310		Situé au 65 rue Desnouettes, paris 15e. Métro Convention (M12), porte de Versailles (M12) ou Lourmel (M8).   Studio composé d'une pièce centrale avec canapé-lit et grand bureau, d'une cuisine américaine équipée, d'une salle de bain et d'un balcon.
11311		Located in nice shopping area, 1 mn walking to CONVENTION metro-bus station (14 min Saint-Germain-des-Prés, 19 min Eiffel Tower, 5 km bike Bois de Boulogne), charming apart. 60 m2, quiet (2 courtyard rooms  - double bed futon + bunk beds 2 pers.) You can access all the rooms. We are available if any answer : please phone or text us :) Located in nice shopping area, very close to metro & bus station CONVENTION - 1 mn walking Located in nice shopping area, very close to metro & bus station CONVENTION - 1 mn walking  (14 min Saint-Germain-des-Prés, 19 min Eiffel Tower, 5 km bike Bois de Boulogne), charming apart. 60 m2, quiet (2 courtyard rooms  - double bed futon + bunk beds 2 pers.)
11312	tres belle chambre avec tv wifi tres grand lit toilette à cote de la chambre ,télévision,je suis pres des commercants,des transports,des restaurants,je suis tout proche se montparnasse et de st germain des pres à 15mn de bus,possible, de se faire à manger ,et de la machine à laver,5mn de la porte de versailles,tout pres du parc goerges brassens,les brocantes sont à la porte de vanves.le métro est à 100m de la maison,il y as des trams et des bus qui vont à st germain des pres, de montparnasse et opéra; à la porte de versailles se trouve le parc des expositions.l'aéroport d'orly es à 20minutes,métro ligne 13 montparnasse, invalides, champs élysées direct	Gracieuse chambre avec grand lit et grande télé armoire 2commodes linge fourni et serviettes compris tres belle chambre avec tv wifi tres grand lit toilette à cote de la chambre ,télévision,je suis pres des commercants,des transports,des restaurants,je suis tout proche se montparnasse et de st germain des pres à 15mn de bus,possible, de se faire à manger ,et de la machine à laver,5mn de la porte de versailles,tout pres du parc goerges brassens,les brocantes sont à la porte de vanves.le métro est à 100m de la maison,il y as des trams et des bus qui vont à st germain des pres, de montparnasse et opéra; à la porte de versailles se trouve le parc des expositions.l'aéroport d'orly es à 20minutes,métro ligne 13 montparnasse, invalides, champs élysées direct vous pouvez avoir acces à internet et la cuisine toute équipée il est possible que dans la journée je suis disponible vous pouvez faire votre cuisine cuisine toute équipée mon quartier dispose de commercants ,boulangers,métro à 5mn à pied
11313	A ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, this gem is situated in an ideal area for your Parisian adventure. Newly renovated and in an authentic Parisian style building, this apartment is full of authenticity, charm, and plenty of modern amenities as well. On the first floor, it includes a bedroom with a double bed and a seriously comfortable fold out sofa bed in the living room. It also includes a recently renovated bathroom, full kitchen with plenty of appliances, and lots of handy cabinets and dressers for storage. With large French windows, modern design touches and plenty of sunlight, this is a wonderful home away from home. On top of the apartment itself and the location, which is right near the metro, there is a wonderful open air market right across the street which operates several days per week. Bienvenue à Paris, Welcome to Paris!	A ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, this gem is situated in an ideal area for your Parisian adventure. Newly renovated and in an authentic Parisian style building, this apartment is full of authenticity, charm, and plenty of modern amenities A ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, this gem is situated in an ideal area for your Parisian adventure. Newly renovated and in an authentic Parisian style building, this apartment is full of authenticity, charm, and plenty of modern amenities as well. On the first floor, it includes a bedroom with a double bed and a seriously comfortable fold out sofa bed in the living room. It also includes a recently renovated bathroom, full kitchen with plenty of appliances, and lots of handy cabinets and dressers for storage. With large French windows, modern design touches and plenty of sunlight, this is a wonderful home away from home. On top of the apartment itself and the location, which is right near the metro, there is a wonderful open air market
11314	It's a very cosy flat well furnished. You'll feel at home. It's very quiet. And you can enjoy your breakfast or you diner on the courtyard. There's one double  bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room for two people.	A two floors flat on the first and second floor. Decoration made with love while traveling around the world. Two nice courtyard to have a break between visits. 3 minutes from a shopping area, several parks around.
11315	The big inclined glass wall and the terrasse	This studio situated in Vaugirard, a calm area 4 minutes away from the metro station. Very sunny thanks to its glass wall. Sleeps 2 adults,Perfect for a couple.  Fully equipped kitchen, opens on a big terrasse where you can enjoy your meals. The big inclined glass wall and the terrasse Kitchen main room  WC, bathroom a cosy family neighberhood where you can find various shops and cafes, next to a cute parisian market every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday. 4 minutes away walking from the metro and bus station, where you can find numerous bus lines in addition to night buses dropping you 7 minutes away form the appartment  Easy to find parking spots
11316		2-pièces plein de charme, romantique et cosy pour se détendre après une journée de marche dans la capitale! A 35 min de la Tour Eiffel via la rue du Commerce A 5 min du Parc des expositions de porte de Versailles et du Palais des sports Vous pouvez préserver vos aliments personnels au réfrigérateur. Vous pouvez utiliser la machine à laver/ sèche linge si besoin. Accès libre à la télévision et internet, code wifi donné dès l'arrivée. Quartier commerçant et familial. Boulangerie, fleuriste, pharmacie, banque, primeur, tabac, poissonnerie, épicerie, coiffeur... Au pied de l'immeuble! Métro 12 à 6 min, arrêt porte de Versailles. Métro 8 à 8 min, arrêt Boucicaut. Tram 2 et 3a à 6 min, arrêt porte de Versailles. A 3 min en voiture du boulevard périphérique, sortie porte de la Plaine. Au deuxième étage, l'appartement est situé au dessus d'un bar latino peu bruyant. Cependant, si votre sommeil est léger, prévoir des bouchons d'oreilles.
11317	Très joli 2 pièces de 27 m2 situé dans le 15ème arrondissement. Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il est situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme, donnant sur cour. Proximité avec 2 lignes de métro et le centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Très joli 2 pièces de 27 m2 situé dans le 15ème arrondissement. Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il est situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme, donnant sur cour. Proximité avec 2 lignes de métro et le centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Très joli 2 pièces de 27 m2 situé dans le 15ème arrondissement. Idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il est situé au 1er étage dans une rue calme, donnant sur cour. Proximité avec 2 lignes de métro et le centre commercial Beaugrenelle. Métro Bousicault (ligne 8), Charles Michel (ligne 10) Métro Bousicault (ligne 8), Charles Michel (ligne 10) Métro Bousicault (ligne 8), Charles Michel (ligne 10)	This welcoming apartment was renovated in 2014, it is located on 1st floor and on the courtyard side. It is 27m2 divided in 2 pieces : a room and a living room with kitchen opened on the living room. Metro : line 10 (Charles Michel station or line 8 (Bousicault station)
11318	The flat is 70 sq m and your room is 10 sq m. The building is from the 1930's with nice ornaments on the ceilings and wooden floor.	If you're looking for a nice and quiet place to stay for a week in Paris or during a fair at Paris Expo, this is it ! I will be happy to host you and guide you to make the most of your stay in Paris. The flat is 70 sq m and your room is 10 sq m. The building is from the 1930's with nice ornaments on the ceilings and wooden floor. Besides your room and the common bathroom, you have access to the kitchen with all equipment and to the large living room where there is a TV. I will be happy to meet you and have a nice chat if you like or to live you as much privacy as you need. I'm fluent in English and German. The neighbourhood is calm and you can find everything you need within walking distance. 5 different supermarkets less than 5 minutes away. There are also a few restaurants and bars in the neighbourhood. To access the appartment, you can choose between 2 metro lines, 2 bus lines and 2 trolleybus lines. The appartment is located less than 30 minutes from the very center of Paris with t
11319	The appartment is cosy and in a central area, a very nice place from here you can visit Paris. 	Beautiful 37m2 one bedroom flat 3mns away from Montparnasse, in the center of Paris. Very well-connected and in an ideal situation to visit Paris. Sunny Appartment, fully equipped and furnished flat. Wifi and TV channels included. The appartment is cosy and in a central area, a very nice place from here you can visit Paris.
11320	Situé au coeur du 15eme arrondissement, ce pied-a-terre ´so chic´ dispose d'une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Cet appartement typiquement parisien, dans un immeuble Belle Epoque, vous procure calme et confort pour un sejour de charme. Il est doté de toutes les commodités qui rendront votre voyage agréable : cuisine parfaitement équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, TV, toilettes séparées, douche italienne, vastes rangements... Quartier très vivant avec de nombreux commerces de bouche à proximité. Vaste choix de brasseries et restaurants. Tarifs degressifs ( + frais de menage de 30€) : 85€ la nuit 300€ les 4 nuits (-15%) 485€ la semaine (-20%) Metro Vaugirard à 20m. Nombreux arrêt de bus à proximité. Station de taxis à 50m	Situé au coeur du 15eme arrondissement, ce pied-a-terre ´so chic´ dispose d'une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Cet appartement typiquement parisien, dans un immeuble Belle Epoque, vous procure calme et confort pour un sejour de charme. Il est doté de toutes les commodités qui rendront votre voyage agréable : cuisine parfaitement équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge séchant, TV, toilettes séparées, douche italienne, vastes rangements... Quartier très vivant avec de nombreux commerces de bouche à proximité. Vaste choix de brasseries et restaurants. Tarifs degressifs ( + frais de menage de 30€) : 85€ la nuit 300€ les 4 nuits (-15%) 485€ la semaine (-20%) Metro Vaugirard à 20m. Nombreux arrêt de bus à proximité. Station de taxis à 50m Je reste bien entendu disponible (mail, telephone) tout au long du sejour pour repondre a tous vos besoins, interrogations, soucis...
11321		Beautiful house near Montparnasse, with an Adults Room and a child(ren) room, a living room with a chimney, and a beautiful  15' to the Eiffel Tower by the metro, 10 to Montparnasse station. You can walk to parks and museums (Beautiful Musée Bourdelle for instance) and even to the Eiffel Tower. By metro (lines 12 Volontaires or 6 Pasteur).  By bus (n° 95) By car (then you need to find a space in th street)
11322	Rue du Théâtre Paris 15ème, métro Duplex ligne 6, Emile Zola ligne 10 et  proche de  la ligne du RER Javel, bus 42 directs aux Champs Elysées. Proximité tour Eiffel, 100 m de la Seine, 2 pas de rue de commerce tous commerces, grand et beau studio tout confort, refait à neuf, Design, haut de gamme, qualité, parquet, au 5ème ascenseur, ensoleillé : bien agencée avec nombreux rangements, jolie entrée avec portes miroirs coulissante, pièce avec un lit simple ; un canapé lit double; une table ; 4 chaises; 1 tabouret bar ; une grande armoire et une (website hidden) cuisine équipée : lave linge ; réfrigérateur/congélateur ; four-micro onde; plaque inox avec 3 feux à gaz et 1 électrique, salle de douche, WC séparés, chauffage collectif. Digicode et interphone. Local vélos.	Rue du Théâtre Paris 15ème, métro Duplex ligne 6, Emile Zola ligne 10 et  proche de  la ligne du RER Javel, bus 42 directs aux Champs Elysées. Proximité tour Eiffel, 100 m de la Seine, 2 pas de rue de commerce tous commerces, grand et beau studio tout confort, refait à neuf, Design, haut de gamme, qualité, parquet, au 5ème ascenseur, ensoleillé : bien agencée avec nombreux rangements, jolie entrée avec portes miroirs coulissante, pièce avec un lit simple ; un canapé lit double; une table ; 4 chaises; 1 tabouret bar ; une grande armoire et une (website hidden) cuisine équipée : lave linge ; réfrigérateur/congélateur ; four-micro onde; plaque inox avec 3 feux à gaz et 1 électrique, salle de douche, WC séparés, chauffage collectif. Digicode et interphone. Local vélos. Métros Bus RER Voiture Quartier animé : Centre Beaugrenelle, Boutiques, Cinémas, Bar, Restaurants Bowling, Piscine publique Métros Duplex ligne 6, Emile Zola ligne 10 et  proche de  la ligne du RER Javel, bus 42 directs aux 
11323	323 square foot, one bedroom apartment for rent in the CENTER OF PARIS. Bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom. Colonial style decoration. Rooms are full of light and apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher...) INCREDIBLE view of the EIFFEL TOWER. The neighborhood is very lively and is a typical parisian area close to all the stores. LE MARCHÉ (Market) is on Wednesdays and Sundays. 1min walk to Rue de LOURMEL : bakery, cafés, florist, seafood market, cheese shop, butcher shop, fresh fruit and produce store, french deli, lebanese deli, chinese deli. 4 min walk to Rue du COMMERCE : Fast food restaurants, French restaurants, bistros, boutiques (Sandro, Maje...) Visiting Paris by foot : 10 minute walk to the EIFFEL TOWER, 7 minutes to the CHAMPS DE MARS, 15 minutes to TROCADERO. Closest subway stations :       DUPLEIX (line 6) : 2 min walk                                                 LA MOTTE PICQUET (line 6 - 8 - 10) : 4 min walk                             	323 square foot, one bedroom apartment for rent in the CENTER OF PARIS. Bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom. Colonial style decoration. Rooms are full of light and apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher...) INCREDIBLE view of the EIFFEL TOWER. The neighborhood is very lively and is a typical parisian area close to all the stores. LE MARCHÉ (Market) is on Wednesdays and Sundays. 1min walk to Rue de LOURMEL : bakery, cafés, florist, seafood market, cheese shop, butcher shop, fresh fruit and produce store, french deli, lebanese deli, chinese deli. 4 min walk to Rue du COMMERCE : Fast food restaurants, French restaurants, bistros, boutiques (Sandro, Maje...) Visiting Paris by foot : 10 minute walk to the EIFFEL TOWER, 7 minutes to the CHAMPS DE MARS, 15 minutes to TROCADERO. Closest subway stations :       DUPLEIX (line 6) : 2 min walk                                                 LA MOTTE PICQUET (line 6 - 8 - 10) : 4 min walk                             
11324	Notre appartement est parfait pour une escapade à Paris, seul, en couple ou entre amis. Orienté plein sud, il reçoit une excellente luminosité grâce à une grande baie vitrée (avec un volet électrique et des rideaux). Il y a un lit deux places (mezzanine), un canapé clic clac pour deux places supplémentaires et un matelas gonflable si vous venez nombreux. Our apartment is perfectly suited for a weekend to discover Paris alone, with your beloved one or with friends. The sun is coming inside therefore luminosity is excellent thanks to a big window (with an electric shutter and curtains) There is a double bed and a BZ sofa plus an air mattress if you need it.	Near most Parisian monuments and a walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. Spacious, luminous and fully equipped. All necessary shops within walking distance. Proche de l'essentiel des monuments parisiens avec la Tour Eiffel à 15min de marche. Appartement spacieux, lumineux et entièrement équipé. Tous commerces à proximité.
11325	Looking for a runaway for 2 in Paris?  A business trip ? Or a lovely stay in family in with your children ?  Then you have just found the perfect match for you. With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! On the last floor you won't be disturbed by your neighbors. Flat is 60 m2. The mix between the modernity of the sofas and the tradition of the dining table create a very pleasant harmony. The wooden rounded table with it rustic looking chairs give a very particular charm to this room. You will be able to enjoy 2 armchairs and one large sofa to relax in front of the TV in the evening. This room is at the same time bright and colorful with light touches that warm this beautiful place. The sofa can turn itself in a bed and therefore welcome 2 more people. Kitchen is entirely equipped : cooker, oven, fridge, freezer, sink, micro waves, as all the cutlery and cooking accessories. This small practical kitchen will tickle your taste buds. Have a rest i	With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! Close to the metro line 6, Champs Elysees are 15 minutes away. It can welcome up to 4 people. Discover right now, this amazing flat with fully equipped kitchen  Looking for a runaway for 2 in Paris?  A business trip ? Or a lovely stay in family in with your children ?  Then you have just found the perfect match for you. With the Eiffel Tower only 7 minutes away by foot, this flat has an ideal location! On the last floor you won't be disturbed by your neighbors. Flat is 60 m2. The mix between the modernity of the sofas and the tradition of the dining table create a very pleasant harmony. The wooden rounded table with it rustic looking chairs give a very particular charm to this room. You will be able to enjoy 2 armchairs and one large sofa to relax in front of the TV in the evening. This room is at the same time bright and colorful with light touches that warm this beautiful place. The sofa can turn itse
11326	"Cosy studio flat and all the comfort for 2 people in the heart of Paris. Ideally located studio flat for 2 people in a lovely area at the heart of Paris, you will feel right at home in my cosy apartment! Cosy and nicely decorated studio flat (28m2), bright and airy, with all the commodities. It is composed of a living room,a fully equipped open kitchen area and a small bathroom with a shower, toilets and a sink with mirror and a hair dryer. towels and toiletries are provided. I will be showing you around the flat at your arrival and will answer all the questions you may have. Also I am reachable on the phone whenever, should you need during your stay. The flat is at walking distance from :  - Brand new Beaugrenelle shopping centre and cinema : 5 min walk  - Commerce street (lots of shops) : 8 min walk  - Eiffel Tower : 15 min walk  - Trocadero : 30 min walk  - Invalides : 30 min walk  Or a short metro ride!  Also lots of restaurants and ""bistros"", food shops, nice french bakeries and e"	Apartment is located in Paris's 15th district,it's so bustling and nCosy studio flat and all the comfort for 2 people in the heart of Paris. Ideally located studio flat for 2 people in a lovely area at the heart of Paris, you will feel right at home Cosy studio flat and all the comfort for 2 people in the heart of Paris. Ideally located studio flat for 2 people in a lovely area at the heart of Paris, you will feel right at home in my cosy apartment! Cosy and nicely decorated studio flat (28m2), bright and airy, with all the commodities. It is composed of a living room,a fully equipped open kitchen area and a small bathroom with a shower, toilets and a sink with mirror and a hair dryer. towels and toiletries are provided. I will be showing you around the flat at your arrival and will answer all the questions you may have. Also I am reachable on the phone whenever, should you need during your stay. The flat is at walking distance from :  - Brand new Beaugrenelle shopping centre and cinem
11327	Well furnished studio, modern, luminous, there is a dishwasher, a cleaning machine, a microwave, a small oven, an old sound system which can only use the audio in. The computer and printer won't be there.	Very functionnal and luminous, at fifth floor with elevator, it's so well deserved by bus and subways, you'll think you're near everything in Paris. 20 min from luxembourg and Saint-germain by foot, but also the Invalides. Well furnished studio, modern, luminous, there is a dishwasher, a cleaning machine, a microwave, a small oven, an old sound system which can only use the audio in. The computer and printer won't be there. Fifth floor, with elevator, fourth door on the left. I'm starting to work overseas, so if you need anything, call my sister. She lives nearby (5min by foot). Montparnasse is really my favorite place. At the junction of 14th, 15th, and 6th district, you'll see that you're also close to Saint-Germain and the 5th. Perfect to have a beer or shopping in the rue de Rennes, or having a good time in Luxembourg garden (10min by foot). And my favorite place, near the espace 102 gallery rue du cherche midi, best brunch in Paris. Very well served, you'll find subways (4,6,12,13
11328		Joli studio de 22 m2 situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble moderne. Dans un quartier agréable et sûr, proche des stations de métro Cambronne, Motte Piquet, Ségur, Emile Zola.. Entièrement équipé : frigo, plaques de cuisson, micro onde, TV, wifi...   Entièrement équipé : Télévision, wifi, enceinte, frigo, plaques de cuisson, micro ondes, sèche cheveux, savon et shampoing, drap de lit, serviette de douche. Le canapé-lit est adapté à un couchage quotidien.  Quartier agréable situé proche du Champ de Mars (footing) et de la Tour Eiffel, de la rue du Commerce (rue commerçante : Zara, H&M, Minelli, Maje, Monoprix...), de nombreux restaurants et bistrots.  Accès très facile : - Entre plusieurs lignes de métro : cambronne, motte piquet grenelle, émile zola, vaugirard (lignes 6, 8, 10, 12).  - Plusieurs stations de vélo à proximité. 
11329	This is a big room between a tour eiffel , Bathroom large living room  Wifi  Metro near 	This is a big room between a tour eiffel , Bathroom large living room  Wifi  Metro near 
11330	Well located, with beautiful view	Lovely and cosy studio (17m2) in 15th area of Paris beside Montparnasse tower. 7th floor without elevator!! Close to two main metro lines (line 6 and 12).20mnts walk to Eiffel tower. Close to everything (supermarket, backery, pharmacy, metro..) Well located, with beautiful view Main train station Close to the Montparnasse (vivant and alive arrondissement), but pasteur is so calm and peaceful by itself. line 6 and 12 in 100m from the appartement
11331	nous pouvons accueillir une personne, logement de 4 pièces spacieux très agréable; la chambre est équipée d'une table informatique pouvant servir de bureau; wifi environnement calme télévision à disposition dans le salon	chambre de 10 m2 dans appartement de 4 pièces sur balcon dans le 15ème; métro à deux pas, commerces à proximité; quartier très calme proche de la Tour Eiffel; appartement refait à neuf ainsi que la chambre, cuisine à disposition  nous pouvons accueillir une personne, logement de 4 pièces spacieux très agréable; la chambre est équipée d'une table informatique pouvant servir de bureau; wifi environnement calme télévision à disposition dans le salon salle de bain à partager, wc à partager; accès possible à la cuisine pour petit déjeuner ou réchauffer un plat, micro ondes, cafetière et bouilloire à disposition, grille pain; mon mari ou moi même serons présents pour vous accueillir; nous aimons échanger avec nos hôtes dans la bonne humeur et la convivialité quartier calme et agréable, très commerçant; la rue du Commerce est à côté parcs et jardins proches métro félix faure à 2 minutes à pied, ligne 8 bus à proximité également 88, 62 les vendredi et samedi  50€  réservation à partir de 2 nui
11332		Nearby the Eiffel Tower neighborhood, can host 4 people, 2 in the bedroom (king size)&2 in the living (sofa bed). Fully furnished kitchen, functional bathroom. Located  5 minute walk from metro line 8, 6 & 10 in a very live commercial street
11333	3 pièces très bien situé dans le 15e entre Porte de Versailles et Convention proche des transports en commun et de nombreux commerces.  Lovely flat very well located between Porte de Versailles and Convention close to public transport and shops. Nous vous proposons un très joli 3 pièces 55m2 situé au 6e étage sans vis-à-vis avec très belle vue sur un parc. Il est composé de deux chambres avec lits doubles + un canapé lit dans le salon pouvant ainsi accueillir 5 personnes maximum.  Il dispose d'un télé avec accès à un grand nombre de chaînes, un accès Internet en Wifi. La cuisine est entièrement équipée et fonctionnelle.  Frais de caution : 400 euros.  Flexibilité pour les heures d'arrivée et de départ.  Very nice 55m2 flat located on the 6th floor without vis-à-vis with beautiful view of a park. Two bedrooms with double beds and a sofa bed in the lounge and can accommodate up to 5 (website hidden) with access to a large number of channels, wifi Internet access. The kitchen is fully equ	3 pièces très bien situé dans le 15e entre Porte de Versailles et Convention proche des transports en commun et de nombreux commerces.  Lovely flat very well located between Porte de Versailles and Convention close to public transport and shops. 3 pièces très bien situé dans le 15e entre Porte de Versailles et Convention proche des transports en commun et de nombreux commerces.  Lovely flat very well located between Porte de Versailles and Convention close to public transport and shops. Nous vous proposons un très joli 3 pièces 55m2 situé au 6e étage sans vis-à-vis avec très belle vue sur un parc. Il est composé de deux chambres avec lits doubles + un canapé lit dans le salon pouvant ainsi accueillir 5 personnes maximum.  Il dispose d'un télé avec accès à un grand nombre de chaînes, un accès Internet en Wifi. La cuisine est entièrement équipée et fonctionnelle.  Frais de caution : 400 euros.  Flexibilité pour les heures d'arrivée et de départ.  Very nice 55m2 flat located on the 6th fl
11334	Big apartment with 2 bedrooms in the 15th district of Paris can accomodate 6 persons. You will enjoy our spacious and welcoming place situated in a friendly and calm area. This 70m² flat on the second floor with lift is 15 minutes away from Eiffel Tower. The vast living room, modern and well decorated is very bright. Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 persons, armchair, little table and TV.  There are two bedrooms with double beds. In the first one you will find a big wardrobe, in the second one there is an exit to the terrace with a table and chairs where you can make a sight seeing of Paris streets while having a breakfast.  The american kitchen is new and fully equiped with micro wave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, and so on. There is a high dinner table with high chairs for your food breaks. In the bathroom there is a lot of space, you will find here a bath, washing machine and towels. Toilet is separated.  Household linen, toilet paper, shampoo and shower gel are provided.  Situated 	Big apartment with 2 bedrooms in the 15th district of Paris can accomodate 4 persons. You will enjoy our spacious and welcoming place situated in a friendly and calm area.  Big apartment with 2 bedrooms in the 15th district of Paris can accomodate 6 persons. You will enjoy our spacious and welcoming place situated in a friendly and calm area. This 70m² flat on the second floor with lift is 15 minutes away from Eiffel Tower. The vast living room, modern and well decorated is very bright. Here you will find a sofa bed for 2 persons, armchair, little table and TV.  There are two bedrooms with double beds. In the first one you will find a big wardrobe, in the second one there is an exit to the terrace with a table and chairs where you can make a sight seeing of Paris streets while having a breakfast.  The american kitchen is new and fully equiped with micro wave, dishwasher, oven, fridge, and so on. There is a high dinner table with high chairs for your food breaks. In the bathroom there i
11335	Situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, l'appartement, très lumineux, a été entièrement rénové en septembre 2014. L'appartement se trouve au pied du métro Convention (ligne 12), idéal pour rejoindre l'hyper-centre de Paris, la gare Montparnasse en 5 minutes (d'où vous pouvez utiliser les lignes de cars Air France pour vous rendre facilement aux aéroports d'Orly et de Roissy CDG) et la gare St Lazare en 20 minutes. Vous pouvez aussi accéder à la tour Eiffel ou aux Invalides en 15/20 minutes à pied. Enfin, plusieurs lignes de bus ainsi qu'une borne de taxis se trouve à moins de 50m de l'immeuble. L'appartement se compose d'une entrée, d'un salon très lumineux (avec une vue très dégagée) avec TV et canapé-lit 2P pratique et confortable, d'une cuisine entièrement équipée (avec évier, plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, machine à café, micro-ondes/four, bouilloire, grille-pain), d'une salle de bain (douche, lavabo) avec WC séparés et d'une chambre spacieuse et très agréable. L'ensemble	Charmant 2 pièces tout équipé au pied du métro Convention (ligne 12) et des commerces. Très lumineux, l'appartement situé au 4ème étage a été refait à neuf en septembre 2014. Il convient parfaitement pour un couple ou une petite famille.                Situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, l'appartement, très lumineux, a été entièrement rénové en septembre 2014. L'appartement se trouve au pied du métro Convention (ligne 12), idéal pour rejoindre l'hyper-centre de Paris, la gare Montparnasse en 5 minutes (d'où vous pouvez utiliser les lignes de cars Air France pour vous rendre facilement aux aéroports d'Orly et de Roissy CDG) et la gare St Lazare en 20 minutes. Vous pouvez aussi accéder à la tour Eiffel ou aux Invalides en 15/20 minutes à pied. Enfin, plusieurs lignes de bus ainsi qu'une borne de taxis se trouve à moins de 50m de l'immeuble. L'appartement se compose d'une entrée, d'un salon très lumineux (avec une vue très dégagée) avec TV et canapé-lit 2P pratique et confortable
11336	Furnished studio (no smoking) on the 5th floor (lift) of a luxury building, bright south facing and situated in a quiet street with guard, digital code and intercom. Studio fully equipped bed for 2 people (possibility inflatable mattress or parking on request = 50 €/week), TV, DVD, laptop computer (+ internet) and telephone. Kitchen, bathroom (redone) with bath. Floored main room and entry. Central heating. Sheets provided. Pets not allowed. Towels not included! Metro: Vaugirard or Plaisance. RATP bus lines: (phone number hidden) and 95. Internet (Wifi) + phones at will to Europe, America and some countries of Asia and Africa.	Furnished studio (no smoking) on the 5th floor (lift) of a luxury building, bright south facing and situated in a quiet street with guard, digital code and intercom. Studio fully equipped bed for 2 people (possibility inflatable mattress or parking on request = 50 €/week), TV, DVD, laptop computer (+ internet) and telephone. Kitchen, bathroom (redone) with bath. Floored main room and entry. Central heating. Sheets provided. Pets not allowed. Towels not included! Metro: Vaugirard or Plaisance. RATP bus lines: (phone number hidden) and 95. Internet (Wifi) + phones at will to Europe, America and some countries of Asia and Africa.
11337	Large studio of 30 m2 ideally located, lots of services and shops nearby :  -Super Market opened every day in the Saint Charles street - bakery  - tobacco store - supermarket -Bars / restaurants / Pub (just few stops with the tube, many of them are in Saint Charles street) -Stores at rue du Commerce (from 2 stops with the tube) Only 5 minutes from docks (beautiful view of the Pont Mirabeau, Eiffel tower). The best places in Paris to visit are in 10 minutes by the underground (Eiffel Tower, Champs de mars, Invalides, Champs Elysées...etc). The nearest stations are Saint Charles stop, line 10 / Lourmel stop, line 8 / Or Javel stop, line RERC. In a building of recent construction, digicode and intercom with a magnificent view on the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. The main room which is the only one as you can see on the pictures includes a desk, coffee table, sofa bed, furniture tv, tv-dvd player and dvds, poufs, chairs. You will also find a bathroom with storage space, a kitchen (fridge	Large studio of 30 m2 ideally located, lots of services and shops nearby :  -Super Market opened every day in the Saint Charles street - bakery  - tobacco store - supermarket -Bars / restaurants / Pub (just few stops with the tube, many of them are in Saint Charles street) -Stores at rue du Commerce (from 2 stops with the tube) Only 5 minutes from docks (beautiful view of the Pont Mirabeau, Eiffel tower). The best places in Paris to visit are in 10 minutes by the underground (Eiffel Tower, Champs de mars, Invalides, Champs Elysées...etc). The nearest stations are Saint Charles stop, line 10 / Lourmel stop, line 8 / Or Javel stop, line RERC. In a building of recent construction, digicode and intercom with a magnificent view on the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. The main room which is the only one as you can see on the pictures includes a desk, coffee table, sofa bed, furniture tv, tv-dvd player and dvds, poufs, chairs. You will also find a bathroom with storage space, a kitchen (fridge
11338	Nous vous accueillons avec plaisir et convivialité pour un court (1 nuit minimum) ou long séjour à Paris. 	En plein coeur du 15e arrondissement à 10min du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles et à 15 min de la Tour Eiffel et de St Germain, charmant appartement de 2 pièces, clair et calme. Idéal pour couple. Cuisine équipée. Baignoire. WC séparé. Nous vous accueillons avec plaisir et convivialité pour un court (1 nuit minimum) ou long séjour à Paris. Disponible pour vous remettre les clefs en main propres, répondre à vos questions et vous informer sur les lieux touristiques si vous le souhaitez. En plein coeur d'un quartier familiale, commerçant, animé et tranquille. De nombreux cafés, restaurants, supermarchés et commerces aux pieds de l'immeuble. A 3 minutes à pieds de la station de métro Vaugirard. Nombreuses lignes de bus à proximité. Station de Vélib et Autolib à proximité. A 10 minutes du Parc des expositions de la Porte de Versailles. A 10 minutes du quartier touristique de Montparnasse et du quartier latin. A 20 minutes de Chatelet et du centre historique de Paris. Appartem
11339	The apartment is on the top floor of a typical Parisian building. It is a 400 square/ft light-filled studio, with three windows offering an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower, La Défense and the roofs of Paris.	Beautiful and peaceful studio overlooking the roofs of Paris and offering the most amazing view on the Eiffel Tower. Perfect for a short trip in Paris, alone, with lover/friends/kid. Very practical as well for business man/woman coming to Paris.  The apartment is on the top floor of a typical Parisian building. It is a 400 square/ft light-filled studio, with three windows offering an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower, La Défense and the roofs of Paris. It is located in the district of Montparnasse, which became famous in the 1920s (the Crazy Years) and the 1930s as the heart of intellectual and artistic life in Paris. Today, it is a mix of white-collar working in Montparnasse Tower, tourists and foreign business men passing trough Paris, young Parisians studying in universities and schools around. It's vibrant, safe and has everything you need: boulangerie, grocery stores, supermarket, pubs, restaurants, coffee shops, independent theater. Montparnasse is as well know for :  - the Montpa
11340		Grand deux-pièces au coeur de Paris, une chambre indépendante et un canapé-lit idéal pour les weekends couples/copains/solo!Dans une rue calme, à 10 min à pieds de la tour Eiffel! 3 lignes de métros proches pour se déplacer facilement et vivre Paris! en bus de la gare montparnasse ligne 88 en métro ligne 12 arrêt Vaugirard métro ligne 6 arrêt Cambronne ou la Motte-Piquet métro ligne 8 arrêt Commerce métro ligne 10 arrêt Emile Zola
11341	studio spacieux, confortable, calme pourtant en plein Paris. Très propre, refait à neuf. Bien sécurisée .	Studio ensolleillé refait à neuf, bien équipé , en face des bus allant aux principaux sites touristique de Paris en une dizaine de minutes. le centre des expositions de Versailles  est à 5 minutes à pied       studio spacieux, confortable, calme pourtant en plein Paris. Très propre, refait à neuf. Bien sécurisée . Bien desservie et donc facilement accessible. Situé à coté du Novotel   Dans le studio deux documents fait de façon à être bien guidés pour leur déplacements par rapport aux bus en face de l'immeuble. quartier très Français typiquement parisien Très bien desservie métro à 2 minutes. Plein de bus en face du studio qui desservent tout Paris et les sites touristique. Tour Effel à 10 minutes à pied, 5 minute en bus.(bus 80) Champs Elysées 10 minutes en bus.(bus 80) Pyramide du Louvre 15minute en bus (bus39) etc... Ventillateur pour les grosses chaleur
11342	You will definitely feel like you are at home, this is all what we wish you.	This large 2-bedroom apartment is a delight to come home to after a long day sightseeing and window shopping. Located on the 8th floor of a modern building, it overlooks the Eiffel Tower and is a few steps away from the famous Champs de Mars.
11343	The apartment  has just been completely refurbished . With a lot of light and a full equipment, you will spend a unforgettable trip by living in this apartment. You'll be able to enjoy our garden, a very unique thing in Paris. But the real charm of the apartment is our location, the street we live in is a typical old Paris style.	The apartment is located in the 15th district of Paris center. The apartment is in the mean time beautiful and convenient. Compound with a luminous living room and equipped kitchen and bedroom,and we just constructed an Italian shower. The apartment  has just been completely refurbished . With a lot of light and a full equipment, you will spend a unforgettable trip by living in this apartment. You'll be able to enjoy our garden, a very unique thing in Paris. But the real charm of the apartment is our location, the street we live in is a typical old Paris style. soYou will have access to subway (Line 12 - Convention ; line 13 - Plaisance), bus (line 95 - 62 - 89) and Tramway. There is a lot of grocery shop all around the neighbor. You'll find the park Georges Brassens at 3 minutes from the apartment. The location is perfect, you can walking straight to the Eiffel Tower in only 20 minutes, even if you can use public transport to be there quicker. I interact as much as they want me to. I 
11344	            A 15 min de la Tour EIFFEL, à 10 min de Porte de Versailles, 25 min de Montmartre ! Quartier paisible et commerçant. 50 M2, salon, Salle à manger, 2 chambres (1 lit double,1 lit simple), cuisine ouverte, salle de bain.             L'appartement entier reste à disposition des voyageurs pendant toute la durée de leur séjour. Il est au premier étage sans ascenseur et comporte une chambre avec un lit 2 places, une deuxième chambre avec un lit 1 place, une pièce principale avec un canapé convertible,  une petite salle à manger. Salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparé ainsi qu'une cuisine. Nota : réservation pour Rolans Garros (du 19 mai au 7 juin) : accés direct par Métro ligne 10 (direction Boulogne (stations Porte d'Auteuil ou Boulogne Jean-Jaurès)  Métros sèvres Lecourbe 6 /Volontaires 12/Ségur 10. Pour les arrivées de Gare Montparnasse: prendre le métro ligne 6 jusqu'à Sèvres Lecourbe ou L12  jusqu'à Volontaires. Pour les arrivées de Gare de Lyon: prendre le Métro ligne 14 p	                A 15 min de la Tour EIFFEL, à 10 min de Porte de Versailles, 25 min de Montmartre ! Quartier paisible et commerçant. 50 M2, salon, Salle à manger, 2 chambres (1 lit double,1 lit simple), cuisine ouverte, salle de bain.                            A 15 min de la Tour EIFFEL, à 10 min de Porte de Versailles, 25 min de Montmartre ! Quartier paisible et commerçant. 50 M2, salon, Salle à manger, 2 chambres (1 lit double,1 lit simple), cuisine ouverte, salle de bain.             L'appartement entier reste à disposition des voyageurs pendant toute la durée de leur séjour. Il est au premier étage sans ascenseur et comporte une chambre avec un lit 2 places, une deuxième chambre avec un lit 1 place, une pièce principale avec un canapé convertible,  une petite salle à manger. Salle de bain avec baignoire, wc séparé ainsi qu'une cuisine. Nota : réservation pour Rolans Garros (du 19 mai au 7 juin) : accés direct par Métro ligne 10 (direction Boulogne (stations Porte d'Auteuil ou Boul
11345	Cosy, il a été aménagé pour accueillir du monde ! Dans la chambre, un lit à barreau pour un petit bout de chou et dans le salon une banquette qui se déplie si vous désirer inviter des amis ! 	Modern and vintage furnitures, overlooking the Eiffel Tower from the window. Come on with your friends, family or just two ...!  You will find a crib, a TV and all what you need to have a nice trip !!!!
11346	Une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel 	Moderne et cosy, cet appartement de 30 m2 est doté d'une chambre, salon avec canapé lit (4 pers).  Lumineux et avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel, il possède tout le confort avec un balconnet.  Quartier rue de Passy idéal à 5min de la Tour Eiffel et commerces.  Une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel  A 100 m du métro Passy et de bus divers Des conseils sur le quartier et les bons endroits à paris  La rue de Passy est vivante: magasins, café, restaurants  Métro Passy ou la muette Résidence sécurisée avec gardienne 
11347	Tés agreable, lumineux, essentiel. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour être complètement indépendant et confortable, dans un quartier vivant, commercant, et ou il y a tout, tout, tout.	Studio 23 m2pavé de tomettes rouges anciennes, sdb, kitchenette. Fibre internet Idéal pour 2 pers, 3/4 possible (sofabed). Situé dans le XVè, dans une rue commerçante et vivante, et près du nouveau beaugrenelle. M° lignes 8/10, RER C,bus très proches Tés agreable, lumineux, essentiel. Il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour être complètement indépendant et confortable, dans un quartier vivant, commercant, et ou il y a tout, tout, tout. Un quartier vivant avec un marché coloré 2 fois/semaine. Tous les commerces nécessaires en bas de la maison. Le centre Beaugrenelle tout neuf á 5 mn. La Seine, la statue de la liberté et la Tour Eiffel á portée de promenade! La fibre internet ds le logement. L'appartement est situé au 4éme étage de l'immeuble, sans ascenseur. La vie de quartier Le marché au pied de l immeuble 2 fois par semaine. Le centre commercial Beaugrenelle tout beau, tout neuf, et tous les petits commerces de la rue Saint Charles. Les cuisines du monde et de tres bons restuarants. La statue
11348	Cosy, avec une décoration plutôt épurée, bien équipé et refait à neuf en 2015, ce studio situé au 1er étage d'une résidence calme accueille aisément un couple ou deux amis dans ses 25m carré bien agencé. Il est propre, lumineux et dispose de tout ce dont vous avez besoin aussi bien dans la cuisine que dans la salle de bain.	Cosy, bien situé, propre et bien équipé, ce studio de 25m peut accueillir 2 adultes. Je met à disposition ce studio les week ends ou je m'absente, vous accueille avec plaisir et vous renseigne sur le quartier et Paris. Au plaisir! English, español Cosy, avec une décoration plutôt épurée, bien équipé et refait à neuf en 2015, ce studio situé au 1er étage d'une résidence calme accueille aisément un couple ou deux amis dans ses 25m carré bien agencé. Il est propre, lumineux et dispose de tout ce dont vous avez besoin aussi bien dans la cuisine que dans la salle de bain. Le logement entier sera à votre disposition. Je vous accueillerez mais serais absente pendant votre séjour. Néanmoins, je suis très disponible pour des échanges par téléphone ou mail. Je répondrais à toutes vos questions avec plaisir et vous indiquerez ce dont vous avez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Une boulangerie et un primeur à la porte de l'immeuble, ainsi que plusieurs supermarchés à moins de 5 minute
11349	Right next to the Parc des Expositions, in a calm and family friendly neighbourhood, you will enjoy the historical Coulée Verte. Several grocery stores are within walking distance (Casino, Carrefour, Naturalia). The bright appartment is located on the 6th and last level of the building, garanteeing calm and peace after a long Parisian day. It will take 15 minutes by métro for you to enjoy the city center and the best of what Paris has to offer.	Refurbished appartment with 2 bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom and 1 WC. 6th floor, no lift. Right next to the Parc des Expositions, in a calm and family friendly neighbourhood, you will enjoy the historical Coulée Verte. Several grocery stores are within walking distance (Casino, Carrefour, Naturalia). The bright appartment is located on the 6th and last level of the building, garanteeing calm and peace after a long Parisian day. It will take 15 minutes by métro for you to enjoy the city center and the best of what Paris has to offer. You will have access to the whole appartment. Both bedrooms benefit from great natural light. Each of them is furnished with double beds (140x200 et 160x200). You'll access the internet and a flat-screen connected tv. A washing machine is also available, as well as electric hotplates, micro-wave, mini-oven, coffee maker, kettle and a fridge/freezer.
11350		Très bel appartement bien situé, très proche de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides, très bien desservi par trois lignes de métro dans un quartier très vivant et idéal pour le shopping !
11351	Cosy and sunny, this very convenient studio will be ideal for a short stay in Paris, with all the comfort needed, just enjoy the view, the silence, the optic fiber high speed internet connection and the cable TV with more than 150  international channels like CNN ...	Sunny 40 sqm all equipped located in a secured building on the 9th floor with elevator . Internet, cable TV provided. Nice view. PARKING Top Location between the Montparnasse area and the Eiffel Tower. Come and relax in this peaceful nest! Cosy and sunny, this very convenient studio will be ideal for a short stay in Paris, with all the comfort needed, just enjoy the view, the silence, the optic fiber high speed internet connection and the cable TV with more than 150  international channels like CNN ... The flat is all yours :) I will welcome you at the apartment and explain you everything. A parking is available in the building  if you need ! Very nice area with restaurants, cafés, and good boulangeries :) Convenient location near Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. 40 euros supplement will  be asked in case of late arrival after 7 pm, early check in before 9 am, and on sundays and holidays. Check in not possible after 8 PM.
11352	Proche de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides, Montparnasse, vus avez un accès direct au Louvre en bus, au musée Rodin, ou encore au célèbre quartier de Saint-germain-des-prés. Idéalement situé si vous venez pour un salon ( il est situé à 2 stations de la porte de Versailles où se déroulent de très nombreux salons ).  Tout confort, cet appartement bénéficie d'une décoration soignée.   Il se compose de : - 1 grande pièce principale avec 1 lit pour 2 personnes - 1 canapé-lit et 1 lit d'appoint pour 1 personne selon les besoins. Cet agréable studio vous offre tout le confort dont vous avez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. En termes de transport, 3 lignes de métro se trouvent juste à proximité : - Sèves Lecourbe sur a ligne 6 - Volontaires sur la ligne 12 - SÉGUR sur la ligne 10 NB : Possibilité de parking sur place en supplément.  Je vous accueillerai personnellement à votre arrivée à Paris.  A très bientôt ! Frank	Proche de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides, Montparnasse, vus avez un accès direct au Louvre en bus, au musée Rodin, ou encore au célèbre quartier de Saint-germain-des-prés. Idéalement situé si vous venez pour un salon ( il est situé à 2 stations de la porte de Versailles où se déroulent de très nombreux salons ).  Tout confort, cet appartement bénéficie d'une décoration soignée.   Il se compose de : - 1 grande pièce principale avec 1 lit pour 2 personnes - 1 canapé-lit et 1 lit d'appoint pour 1 personne selon les besoins. Cet agréable studio vous offre tout le confort dont vous avez besoin pour passer un agréable séjour à Paris. En termes de transport, 3 lignes de métro se trouvent juste à proximité : - Sèves Lecourbe sur a ligne 6 - Volontaires sur la ligne 12 - SÉGUR sur la ligne 10 NB : Possibilité de parking sur place en supplément.  Je vous accueillerai personnellement à votre arrivée à Paris.  A très bientôt ! Frank
11353	There is free internet Wifi, TV cable with international chanels available, air conditioning, fridge, microwave, hotplates, hair dryer, iron, water boiler and coffee machine.	Cosy studio flat recently renovated (May2015) with balcony located near the Eiffel Tower and rue du Commerce in the 15th district. This new studio has air conditioning and is on the top floor (8th) with a lift. The area is safe and lively with lots of shops and restaurant There is free internet Wifi, TV cable with international chanels available, air conditioning, fridge, microwave, hotplates, hair dryer, iron, water boiler and coffee machine. Walking distance to bars, restaurants, shopping and public transport. The neighborhood is lively but the studio is located on a quiet street. The Eiffel tower is about 10min walk from the studio. Nearest métro station: Avenue Emile Zola (line 10) Other métro station: La Motte Picquet Grenelle (line 8, 6 and 10)
11354	A beautiful apartment with a panoramic view of Paris (Including the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre, etc ...), it is centrally located in the 15th arrondissement, accessible by the Montparnasse train station. Totally renovated and decorated in 2014, the apartment is located in a high floor of a modern high-rise (with elevator) with access to a year-round indoor heated pool and solarium on the roof. Exceptional 360 degree view of Paris ! Charming apartment of 45 sqm, open kitchen area, 2 separate bedrooms (one bed 160cm by 200cm and one 140 cm by 180 cm) and a bathroom with a bath and shower. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 4 people. Facilities : bed linen, towels, dishes, satellite smart TV, WiFi, microwave, oven, modern glass stovetop, fridge, freezer, Nespresso, dishwasher, washer dryer, iron etc ... Magnifique appartement, vue panoramique sur Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Montmartre, etc...). Idéalement situé dans le 15eme arrondissement à proximité de la gare Montparnasse. To	A beautiful apartment with a panoramic view of Paris (Including the Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre, etc ...), it is centrally located in the 15th arrondissement, accessible by the Montparnasse train station. Totally renovated and decorated in 2014, the apartment is located in a high floor of a modern high-rise (with elevator) with access to a year-round indoor heated pool and solarium on the roof. Exceptional 360 degree view of Paris ! Charming apartment of 45 sqm, open kitchen area, 2 separate bedrooms (one bed 160cm by 200cm and one 140 cm by 180 cm) and a bathroom with a bath and shower. Ideal for a comfortable stay for 4 people. Facilities : bed linen, towels, dishes, satellite smart TV, WiFi, microwave, oven, modern glass stovetop, fridge, freezer, Nespresso, dishwasher, washer dryer, iron etc ... Magnifique appartement, vue panoramique sur Paris (Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Montmartre, etc...). Idéalement situé dans le 15eme arrondissement à proximité de la gare Montparnasse. To
11355	"Perfect for a family with two or three children. It has two separe bedrooms : one for a couple and one for two or three children... and a big living room with an additional sofa if needed The flat is in an ""Art deco building"", very rare in  Paris.  It is on a place with beautiful trees and in surrounded by parcs (Square Violet, Square du Commerce, Saqure Saint Lambert, Champs de mars etc...)... very nice places to make pique nique in the evening. It is closed to many shops, restaurants, bar, backeries with nice French baguette ! It is quiet, very sunny and in a very secure area. "	"80m2 confortable family flat, 10mn walk from Eiffel Tower and Quai de seine. The flat is surrounded by parcs, and it is closed to a lively street, with supermarkets, backeries, shops and restaurant. Very accessible my metro (N° 6, 8, 10) and buses Perfect for a family with two or three children. It has two separe bedrooms : one for a couple and one for two or three children... and a big living room with an additional sofa if needed The flat is in an ""Art deco building"", very rare in  Paris.  It is on a place with beautiful trees and in surrounded by parcs (Square Violet, Square du Commerce, Saqure Saint Lambert, Champs de mars etc...)... very nice places to make pique nique in the evening. It is closed to many shops, restaurants, bar, backeries with nice French baguette ! It is quiet, very sunny and in a very secure area. Guest will have access to a fully equiped kitchen. Sheets and towels will be provided. Cleaning is included in the price I will be there to welcome them and explain e"
11356		Charmant studio de 24 m2 avec cuisine moderne, salle de bain. Très bonne emplacement dans une rue calme à coté des métro dupleix et Motte Picquet ligne 8, 10 et 6 accès à une grande partie de Paris. Pas loin du nouveau centre commercial beaugrenelle.
11357		Apartment with 2 bedrooms, bathroom and a kitchen large enough to cook and sit down together. Nice view over the opposite, green area with all important stuff and access to several bus lines and métro in proximity. I speak German, English and French
11358		Charmant  2 pièces, très lumineux situé Paris 15ème, 15 min à pieds du Champs de Mars et 20 min d'Ecole Militaire. Commerces à proximité: centre commercial Beaugrenelle, rue du Commerce,., Idéal pour 4 personnes, ou un couple avec enfants.
11359		Dans un appartement du XVème arrondissement, une chambre avec un lit 2 places (clic-clac), une salle de bain - WC séparés et une cuisine (à partager). Si nécessaire un deuxième clic-clac dans le salon est disponible. Vous disposez d'un jeu de clef, d'une chambre personnelle. Vous partagez avec moi la salle de douche et les WC (serviettes de toilette fournies si vous voulez, mise à disposition du sèche-cheveux). Vous pouvez également utiliser la cuisine (ustensiles, ingrédients de base) et prendre vos repas sur place. Je suis disponible pendant votre séjour pour vous indiquer tout renseignement nécessaire, et pour passer du temps ensemble si vous le désirez. Le quartier est calme, résidentiel, avec tous commerces et marché à proximité. La gare Montparnasse est à 15 minutes à pieds. L'appartement se situe au métro Vaugirard (ligne 12), et proche également de Pasteur (ligne 6). Il est aussi desservi par les bus n° 88, 89 et 95.
11360		Cozy room in a duplex with 110m2 and 3 terraces, including one with a view over the Eiffel Tower. The flat is modern (4 bedrooms) and is at a 7th floor of the building. It is situated in javel (metro station, paris 15eme).
11361		Studio lumineux située à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel et à 3 minutes du métro. Le quartier Saint-Germain des Prés et les Champs-Elysés sont à 20 minutes. Quartier agréable. Quiet building, small studio,  one room, kichen, bathroom, light. Le logement est très bien placé pour découvrir Paris: 3 lignes de metro et des bus à proxmité. 
11362	This studio is ideal for single person or couple, located in a fascinating neighborhood in the heart of Paris-Montparnasse. Situated in a very convenient location, it's very easy to get around everywhere in Paris and the metro (Line 4, line 6, line 12, line 13) is literally 1 minute away from the studio. The studio is also surrounded by large varieties of restaurants (such as famous French restaurants: (la Coupole, la Rotonde, le Dôme, le Bar à Huitres, Creperie Josselin and le Relais de l'Entrecôte ), cinemas, pharmacy, supermarket, coffee shops and there’s also the famous Les Galleries Lafayette. All of the above are just 4 minutes away from the studio. Heating, hot water, fully equipped kitchen, fridge, a comfortable big bed, shower and toilet… Indeed, everything you need. No matter how you are planning to arrive, either by train, metro or taxi, from Roissy Charles De Gaulles, Orly or Beauvais, I can show you the quickest, the easiest and the less expensive way to get to the studio.	Studio furnished, 14 sqm, bright in quiet street. Ground floor. Shops, 2 minutes Montparnasse metro and bus.    -I provide sheets  - Sofa bed: 140x200 (2 people)  - Television  - Kitchen  - Shower  - Toilet  WIFI-wireless internet. This studio is ideal for single person or couple, located in a fascinating neighborhood in the heart of Paris-Montparnasse. Situated in a very convenient location, it's very easy to get around everywhere in Paris and the metro (Line 4, line 6, line 12, line 13) is literally 1 minute away from the studio. The studio is also surrounded by large varieties of restaurants (such as famous French restaurants: (la Coupole, la Rotonde, le Dôme, le Bar à Huitres, Creperie Josselin and le Relais de l'Entrecôte ), cinemas, pharmacy, supermarket, coffee shops and there’s also the famous Les Galleries Lafayette. All of the above are just 4 minutes away from the studio. Heating, hot water, fully equipped kitchen, fridge, a comfortable big bed, shower and toilet… Indeed, ev
11363	Hello We are a young Parisian couple and we are renting our studio in Paris, 6 minutes from the Convention tube station (line 12), 15th arrondissement, on rue de Vaugirard. This is a charming 25m ²  studio flat,  on the 7th floor with elevator, fully furnished. Positive point : Bright and charming with its own 3 balconies (yes, really!):  -a 6m² balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower (we really see it close) and the Montparnasse Tower, -a second 6m² balcony overlooking a small park -and a third 1m2 balcony overlooking the Vaugirard street,   The studio includes 1 living room with parquet: a wind-up mattress for two people, a table, chairs, a desk and a wardrobe. I need to specify that the mattres, has a very good quality and it has been bought in june 2013. Also we have very performant curtains, you can sleep very late, the light won't bother you. There is a kitchen (with dishwasher, small oven, 2 hotplate and fridge) and a bathroom / toilets (with shower and washing machine). High speed	Hello We are a young Parisian couple and we are renting our studio in Paris, 6 minutes from the Convention tube station (line 12), 15th arrondissement, on rue de Vaugirard. This is a charming 25m ²  studio flat,  on the 7th floor with elevator, fully furnished. Positive point : Bright and charming with its own 3 balconies (yes, really!):  -a 6m² balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower (we really see it close) and the Montparnasse Tower, -a second 6m² balcony overlooking a small park -and a third 1m2 balcony overlooking the Vaugirard street,   The studio includes 1 living room with parquet: a wind-up mattress for two people, a table, chairs, a desk and a wardrobe. I need to specify that the mattres, has a very good quality and it has been bought in june 2013. Also we have very performant curtains, you can sleep very late, the light won't bother you. There is a kitchen (with dishwasher, small oven, 2 hotplate and fridge) and a bathroom / toilets (with shower and washing machine). High speed
11364	A central location near the Eiffel Tower. A newly refurbished stylish apartment fully equipped  in a quiet and safe street near the metro. A one bedroom apartment with a large living & dining room. There is a queen size bed, a washer / dryer and a dish washer.	A newly refurbished stylish apartment fully equipped near the Eiffel Tower located in a quiet and safe street near the metro. A one bedroom apartment with a large living & dining room. There is a queen size bed, a washer / dryer and a dish washer. A central location near the Eiffel Tower. A newly refurbished stylish apartment fully equipped  in a quiet and safe street near the metro. A one bedroom apartment with a large living & dining room. There is a queen size bed, a washer / dryer and a dish washer. For security, there is a plated door, an intercom and there is a code on the building door. There will be someone to call in case of emergency and someone in the building most of the time. A very Parisian neighborhood with mostly young families. Very easy for everyday life, the surrounding area has every kind of shops and nice cafés or restaurants. The Champ de Mars  where the Eiffel Tower stands  is also a very nice Park to walk or have a picnic and famous to jog at. This location is v
11365	2 pieces, une chambre à coucher et un salon avec canapé-lit. Idéal pour couple. très pratique d'accès, métro, bus et RER  au pied de l'immeuble. 	2 pieces, une chambre à coucher et un salon avec canapé-lit. Idéal pour couple. très pratique d'accès, métro, bus et RER  au pied de l'immeuble.  WIFI inclus Je me rendrai disponible en cas de besoin pour mes hôtes.  quartier calme mais vivant. Petits restaurants au pied de l'immeuble. Le nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle avec son espace restauration, shopping et cinéma.  metro ligne 10 de nombreux bus
11366	I would like to invite you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris. Access by metro station 12 or 8 : Convention, Lourmel ou Porte de Versailles.	I would like to invit you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris.  I would like to invite you spend some time in my beautiful flat of 78 m2, with 3 private bedrooms, 1 bathroom,one big living room and one balcony of 15m2 in the heart of Paris. Access by metro station 12 or 8 : Convention, Lourmel ou Porte de Versailles.
11367	This 30 m² apartment is really cozy and quiet. In the kitchen you have a oven as well as a 4 burner induction hob if you wish to cook.	At 3 stations of Montparnasse, with direct line to Champs-Élysées (15 minutes), this quiet apartment is perfect for a few days trip to visit Paris. This 30 m² apartment is really cozy and quiet. In the kitchen you have a oven as well as a 4 burner induction hob if you wish to cook. I can come to pick you up at some station and bring you to the apartment. I can also give you some advices for the restaurants nearby, where to do shopping, or even how to go to the most touristic places. At five minutes by feet you have access to the metro 13, which leads directly to the Champs-Elysées and to Montparnasse (and then almost everywhere in Paris from Montparnasse).
11368	L'appartement est vraiment au calme et proche de la Tour Eiffel. Il y a la possibilité de s'installer sur le balcon même pour manger ou prendre un verre. 	 F1 plein de charme situé à Paris 15 ème proche de la Tour Eiffel et de la Seine.  Tout confort  avec jolie balcon donnant sur jardin au calme. Parking privé sous terrain. Tous commerces, restaurants et cinéma à proximité. Tous transports L'appartement est vraiment au calme et proche de la Tour Eiffel. Il y a la possibilité de s'installer sur le balcon même pour manger ou prendre un verre.  Ascenseur et parking sous terrain privatif Je suis très réactive pour échanger pour des questions avec les voyageurs. Le quartier est vraiment très sympa  tous transports à proximité
11369	A beautiful apartment, in a very nice location. Living room is wide, and there are 3 bed rooms, we are pleased to rent to out AirBnB guests. There is a code to enter the main gate, and an interphone to enter the building and elevator.  If you come to Paris to go sightseeing, to do shopping, for business  of the most charming city, this apartment is just what you need! You're sincerely welcome! You'll access the entire apartment with a kitchen,a living room, 2 bathrooms and 3 bedrooms.  I won't be be with you in the apartment, but living close to it. If you have any problem, i should be there as fast as possible.	"A beautiful apartment,  in a very nice location. 10 minutes by walk from the EIFFEL TOWER and Champ de Mars. Metro station ""La Motte-Picquet Grenelle"" is right in front of the building, and it is one of the most convenient of the city，line 6,8 and 10 A beautiful apartment, in a very nice location. Living room is wide, and there are 3 bed rooms, we are pleased to rent to out AirBnB guests. There is a code to enter the main gate, and an interphone to enter the building and elevator.  If you come to Paris to go sightseeing, to do shopping, for business  of the most charming city, this apartment is just what you need! You're sincerely welcome! You'll access the entire apartment with a kitchen,a living room, 2 bathrooms and 3 bedrooms.  I won't be be with you in the apartment, but living close to it. If you have any problem, i should be there as fast as possible. Towels, bed sheets, shampoo is provided.  We offer WIFI internet.  I enjoy travelling and always eager to meet new people.   The "
11370		Petit 2 pièces comprenant 1 chambre avec lit deux places , 1 petite cuisine. Le salon est composé d'un canapé convertible pour 2 personnes.  Rue Calme dans le quartier animé de Convention.  Magnifique terasse de 15 m2 vue sur la Tour Eiffel. de nombreux commerces de proximité. Quartier vivant. Métro Convention ligne 12
11371	All the comfort you'll need	Located in the heart of Paris, close to touristic sites (effeil tower, montparnasse, Invalides, champs elysees) and commodities (subway and bus) Metro Pasteur, perfect for a couple even with a kid All the comfort you'll need Completely available to provide Help I can find everything i need within 5 minutes walk (supermarket, subway, bus) and i'm close to a hospital in case of emergency. The neighborhood is very calm and i can see the effeil tower every time i walk out the subway by bus and subway (lign 6 and 12)
11372	I propose a luminous and lovely apartment in a charming neighborhood.  The building is very quite and calm and the apartment overlooks to a courtyard. It has no elevator.  You have access to the kitchen that has all the accommodations (a coffee machine, a teapot, plates, cutlery, etc.), the shower (my water heater is super efficient!), internet access and WIFI. The bed is a 90 × 190 cm, great for one person but it also fits for two.  My apartment is tiny, but comfy.  The toilets are on the floor and it's shared with two other girls. They're constantly cleaned by the concierge.	I offer a tiny and cozy space suitable for two a walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. I propose a luminous and lovely apartment in a charming neighborhood.  The building is very quite and calm and the apartment overlooks to a courtyard. It has no elevator.  You have access to the kitchen that has all the accommodations (a coffee machine, a teapot, plates, cutlery, etc.), the shower (my water heater is super efficient!), internet access and WIFI. The bed is a 90 × 190 cm, great for one person but it also fits for two.  My apartment is tiny, but comfy.  The toilets are on the floor and it's shared with two other girls. They're constantly cleaned by the concierge. All the basic room accommodations. Please note that you'll have to bring your own towels. I'm always available if you have any questions or advice. I'll be giving you my mobile phone, so you can contact me.  As I speak Spanish, English, French and Italian it won't be difficult for us to communicate ! I live in a very charming
11373	Un shopping Carrefour city est situé juste en bas de l'immeuble, ouvert de 8h à 21h en semaine et de 9 à 13 h le dimanche. Le bus 91 pour Montparnasse passe en face de l'immeuble, le tramway T3 à 5 mn traverse le sud d'est en ouest,il rejoint le T2 pte de Versailles pour aller jusque la Défense,ainsi que  le métro porte de Vanves ligne 13 la plus longue ligne de Paris qui va du sud au nord. Vous êtes à quelques mn de la porte de Versailles là où se déroule de nombreux salons. Le parc Georges Brassens à 5mn, le théâtre MONTFORT,  promenade footing, une piscine à quelques mn, Tous les commerces à 5mn Rue Brancion, cafés, restaurants et le célèbre et unique marché du livre d'occasion de Paris,les samedis et dimanches toute la journée.	A l'entrée vous avez la kitchenette tout équipée, puis la pièce principale avec bar américain, canapé lit de qualité, bureau + retour 3 tiroirs, TV, bibliothèque, et l'accès à la SDB avec placard, douche wc et lavabo le tout spacieux, ergonomique. Un shopping Carrefour city est situé juste en bas de l'immeuble, ouvert de 8h à 21h en semaine et de 9 à 13 h le dimanche. Le bus 91 pour Montparnasse passe en face de l'immeuble, le tramway T3 à 5 mn traverse le sud d'est en ouest,il rejoint le T2 pte de Versailles pour aller jusque la Défense,ainsi que  le métro porte de Vanves ligne 13 la plus longue ligne de Paris qui va du sud au nord. Vous êtes à quelques mn de la porte de Versailles là où se déroule de nombreux salons. Le parc Georges Brassens à 5mn, le théâtre MONTFORT,  promenade footing, une piscine à quelques mn, Tous les commerces à 5mn Rue Brancion, cafés, restaurants et le célèbre et unique marché du livre d'occasion de Paris,les samedis et dimanches toute la journée. Vous serez
11374	Logement typiquement parisien Haussmannien avec parquets, moulures, cheminées... Petit appartement où l'on se sent bien. Ce deux pièces comporte une entrée, toilettes séparées de la salle de bain, une cuisine (avec plaques électriques, four, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso), un salon, une grande chambre, une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le quartier est à la fois familial et en même temps avec tout ce que l'on souhaite : bar, restaurant, shopping, tous commerces. A 5 min a pied du champs de mars, 15 min en métro d'opéra, Grands boulevards, 15/20 min en métro Louvre, Saint germain des prés...  Très facile d'accès, ligne 8 et 10 station La Motte piquet, Ligne 6 station Cambronne  Quartier à la fois familial et en même temps avec tout ce que l'on souhaite : bar, restaurant, shopping, tous commerces. A 5 min a pied du champs de mars, 15 min en métro d'opéra, Grands boulevards, 15/20 min en métro Louvre, Saint germain des prés...  Très facile d'accès, ligne 8 et 10 stati	Logement typiquement parisien Haussmannien avec parquets, moulures, cheminées... Petit appartement où l'on se sent bien. Ce deux pièces comporte une entrée, toilettes séparées de la salle de bain, une cuisine (avec plaques électriques, four, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, machine à café Nespresso), un salon, une grande chambre, une salle de bain avec baignoire. Le quartier est à la fois familial et en même temps avec tout ce que l'on souhaite : bar, restaurant, shopping, tous commerces. A 5 min a pied du champs de mars, 15 min en métro d'opéra, Grands boulevards, 15/20 min en métro Louvre, Saint germain des prés...  Très facile d'accès, ligne 8 et 10 station La Motte piquet, Ligne 6 station Cambronne  Quartier à la fois familial et en même temps avec tout ce que l'on souhaite : bar, restaurant, shopping, tous commerces. A 5 min a pied du champs de mars, 15 min en métro d'opéra, Grands boulevards, 15/20 min en métro Louvre, Saint germain des prés...  Très facile d'accès, ligne 8 et 10 stati
11375	This tipical parisian apartment is located of the North of the 15th district. Steps from Invalides and Eiffel tower, perfect for a romantic stay. This Fully renovated flat is located on the Third  floor set back into a quite and pacefull courtyard. Ideal for two people, 2 seperate rooms with One bathroom (35 square meters) One double bed in the bedroom  Fully equiped kitchen:- Microwave /Oven /Nespresso coffee maker/ Refrigirator /freezer/All dishes cutlery and glaces/ hot plates Bathroom : large italian shower,sink, wc, towel warmer, towel and linens, washing and dryer machine.  Free high speed wifi/flat screen câble TV (more Than 100 channels)	This tipical parisian apartment is located of the North of the 15th district. Steps from Invalides and Eiffel tower, perfect for a romantic stay. This Fully renovated flat is located on the Third  floor set back into a quite and pacefull courtyard. This tipical parisian apartment is located of the North of the 15th district. Steps from Invalides and Eiffel tower, perfect for a romantic stay. This Fully renovated flat is located on the Third  floor set back into a quite and pacefull courtyard. Ideal for two people, 2 seperate rooms with One bathroom (35 square meters) One double bed in the bedroom  Fully equiped kitchen:- Microwave /Oven /Nespresso coffee maker/ Refrigirator /freezer/All dishes cutlery and glaces/ hot plates Bathroom : large italian shower,sink, wc, towel warmer, towel and linens, washing and dryer machine.  Free high speed wifi/flat screen câble TV (more Than 100 channels) . . Nice area, close from famous places ( 10 min walking from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides)
11376	My apartment is located at the 3rd floor of an old Parisian building (with elevator) and has a spacious, cosy, living room, an open, modern, fully equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine) and a large kitchen table.  There is 1 large bedroom with a comfortable, double bed (queen size) which can also be used as 2 single beds. It has an en-suite space with a sink and room for personal toiletries. A separate bathroom designed in concrete with a walk-in shower, toilet and small sink. 	My modern, comfortable, large apartment (60m2) in the lively Convention neighbourhoud will give you the real Parisian experience.  My apartment is located at the 3rd floor of an old Parisian building (with elevator) and has a spacious, cosy, living room, an open, modern, fully equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine) and a large kitchen table.  There is 1 large bedroom with a comfortable, double bed (queen size) which can also be used as 2 single beds. It has an en-suite space with a sink and room for personal toiletries. A separate bathroom designed in concrete with a walk-in shower, toilet and small sink. Upon arrival I will show you around in the apartment and provide you with useful tips for the neighbourhood. During your stay, you'll have the apartment for yourself and can contact me whenever there is a need. The neighbourhood is residential but very lively, with lots of shops, bars and restaurants. Do not forget to visit the big food market where fr
11377	a quiet, cosy and sunny place to rest, the charm of an old building with a small private shared garden.	"cosy quiet 2 rooms  (55m2 - 4th floor, stairs) living-room, bedroom, equipped kitchen, bath room, separate WC. Furnished, fully equipped, perfect condition, ideal for 2-3 persons (convertible sofa 2 in living room, 1-2 in bed room). TV, WiFi access. a quiet, cosy and sunny place to rest, the charm of an old building with a small private shared garden. sets of towels-laundry, soaps... basic kitchen equipment washing machine useful cupboards are indicated with signs providing the keys and checking on leaving If necessary tel exchanges one ""local village"" within Paris limits, very quiet and safe area. Many shops, bars and restaurants just ""around the corner"", a new shopping center (Beaugrenelle) with cinemas 1 metro station away  or 15minutes walk. Champ de Mars/tour Eiffel 15 minutes walking distance. 3 Metro Stations located close to the building Commerce: line 8 ; Emile Zola: line 10 ; Motte-Piquet grenelle: line 6.  Extremely convenient to go everywhere in Paris. In addition 3 close b"
11378	Appartement très lumineux au 3 ème étage d'une rue calme comprenant: - Un cuisine dans laquelle vous pourrez manger - Un grand salon avec un canapé convertible - Une grande chambre avec un lit de 160x200 - Toilettes et salle de bain séparés 	Appartement de 55 m2 se situant à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel dans le 15 ème arrondissement. Le quartier est très agréable avec beaucoup de magasins et petits restaurants. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous.               Appartement très lumineux au 3 ème étage d'une rue calme comprenant: - Un cuisine dans laquelle vous pourrez manger - Un grand salon avec un canapé convertible - Une grande chambre avec un lit de 160x200 - Toilettes et salle de bain séparés  Vous aurez accès à: - l'ensemble du logement pour la durée de votre séjour - le Wifi Vous pourrez me contacter sur mon téléphone à tout moment si vous avez besoin d'informations ou de conseils. Le 15 ème arrondissement et plus précisément notre quartier est considéré comme l'un des quartiers les plus appréciables de Paris. Vous y trouverez calme, mais aussi une ambiance de village. A 300m se trouve l'une des rues les plus commerçante de Paris (Rue du Commerce). De l'appartement il vous faudra simplement: - 10 min à pied 
11379	Entièrement refait à neuf en Mai 2014, vous y trouverez des moulures, du parquet et une cheminée qui font tout le charme des appartements parisiens.  Cet appartement est équipé avec : une machine à laver le linge, un lave-vaisselle, un four, les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL. Oui! Vous pourrez vous rendre à pied à la Tour Eiffel, sur les berges le long de la Seine, au Louvre, musée d'Orsay et encore plein d'autres monuments parisiens! L’emplacement est idéal pour découvrir la ville des lumières. Vous avez vraiment la possibilité de rejoindre toutes les grands lieux de Paris en moins de 20 minutes : Le Louvre, le musée d’Orsay, le musée Rodin (15min), Notre Dame de Paris (20minutes), le Marais… L'appartement est idéal pour 2 personnes (1 chambre avec 1 lit 2 places + 1 canapé convertible très confortabledans le séjour), il est parfaitement décoré et vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous. Vous aurez également la possibilité de prendre vos	Beau 3 pièces confortable de 58m2, situé dans le quartier La Motte Piquet / Violet / Commerce dans le 15ème arrondissement. Proche de la Tour Eiffel. Spacieux et ensoleillé, il est au 5ème étage d'un immeuble ancien avec ascenseur. Entièrement refait à neuf en Mai 2014, vous y trouverez des moulures, du parquet et une cheminée qui font tout le charme des appartements parisiens.  Cet appartement est équipé avec : une machine à laver le linge, un lave-vaisselle, un four, les chaines cablées, la télévision, un accès internet haut débit illimité, WIFI ADSL. Oui! Vous pourrez vous rendre à pied à la Tour Eiffel, sur les berges le long de la Seine, au Louvre, musée d'Orsay et encore plein d'autres monuments parisiens! L’emplacement est idéal pour découvrir la ville des lumières. Vous avez vraiment la possibilité de rejoindre toutes les grands lieux de Paris en moins de 20 minutes : Le Louvre, le musée d’Orsay, le musée Rodin (15min), Notre Dame de Paris (20minutes), le Marais… L'appartement 
11380	Why compromise? Dominate Paris from this 7th floor apartment, with beautiful views over the city (Montmartre; Eiffel Tower) on the northeast-facing patio... But when you get tired of the bustle, move to the other, southeast-facing patio, which overlooks a unique, quiet greenbelt, and relax to the birdsong in the giant century-old trees. There aren't many places in Paris where you can disconnect from the noise and bustle, and reconnect with nature, without having to be far from the action. This is one of them. Hop on the metro (lines 8 and 12) or the new Paris tramway (lines T2 and T3), to zip on over to the eiffel tower (10 minutes away), the Champs-Elysées (14 minutes), the Louvre (15 minutes), Notre-Dame and the latin quarter (17 minutes), or the shopping district (16 minutes). If you're traveling by car, the Boulevard Périphérique (Paris beltway) is two blocks away: easy to reach, yet just far enough that you don't have to hear it. Park Andre Citroen is just 4 blocks away. Inside, e	A haven of peace and greenery in Paris!  Superb 3 bedroom apartment with 2 terraces real 7th and last floor (with elevator) of a quiet and modern residence. View on the new green cast! Why compromise? Dominate Paris from this 7th floor apartment, with beautiful views over the city (Montmartre; Eiffel Tower) on the northeast-facing patio... But when you get tired of the bustle, move to the other, southeast-facing patio, which overlooks a unique, quiet greenbelt, and relax to the birdsong in the giant century-old trees. There aren't many places in Paris where you can disconnect from the noise and bustle, and reconnect with nature, without having to be far from the action. This is one of them. Hop on the metro (lines 8 and 12) or the new Paris tramway (lines T2 and T3), to zip on over to the eiffel tower (10 minutes away), the Champs-Elysées (14 minutes), the Louvre (15 minutes), Notre-Dame and the latin quarter (17 minutes), or the shopping district (16 minutes). If you're traveling by c
11381	The apartment has a very nice view on the Eiffel Tower. You can appreciate the view from the sofa. It is 30min walk to Eiffel Tower.	"Cosy 40m2 apartment located in the 15th district of Paris (75015). It has 1 bedroom (double bed) and one living room with a convertible sofa (2 people can sleep in it). The bathroom and toilets are separated. The kitch is fully equiped with a big fridge, oven, microwave and washing machine. The neighborhood is very nice, there are restaurants, bars, cafés and supermarkets. The metro is 10 meters from the apartment. The flat has a very nice view on the Eiffel Tower. You can appreciate the view from the sofa. Metro line 8 ""Balard"" station Tramway T3 Balard station"
11382	Two bedroom: one of them will be available from mid-June to end of August.  A living room furnished with two convertible couch: to accomodate more guests. A small but fully equipped kitchen: we love cooking. A bathroom with toilet.	This is the flat of two French students; loving art & music and meeting new people from all over the world. Combined we are able to speak French, German, Spanish. We enjoy a social lifestyle and have a lot of fun daily. Two bedroom: one of them will be available from mid-June to end of August.  A living room furnished with two convertible couch: to accomodate more guests. A small but fully equipped kitchen: we love cooking. A bathroom with toilet. We would be glad to facilitate your journey in Paris: either helping you to find the best spots to visit or to invite you to join us during our various activities in the capital. Located in the charming 15th district of paris, our flat is close to the Eiffel tower, various shopping streets and to the Seine docks. The district landscape is composed of old Haussmannian style building (typicla from Paris), refreshing parks and direct acces to the center of Paris. We have a direct access to Ligne 8 (the longest metro line in Paris and basically c
11383	Everything you want, we have !	Very charming and perfect flat for a romantic week !  Close to the eiffel tower, you ll find bikes and the subway within 1 mn walk from our building. But it is still unexpectedly calm. Everything you want, we have ! You ll have acces to the whole flat (bedroom kitchen, bathroom, dinning room) A friend of us will be available if you need anything (evens advices for tourism). If you forgot to take your pic with the Eiffel tower, no problem, it s 4 mn walk. Also close to Invalides and quite a few museums. The subway is IN FRONT of our building s door (but not under our windows ;) )
11384	Close to Montparnasse, Invalids, and the Eiffel Tower: this studio offers direct access to the Champs Elysees, the Louvre (by bus) and Saint-Germain des Prés. Very convenient for fair and exhibition visitors: close to Porte de Versailles, where most of the exhibitions take place. This 25m² studio can accommodate 2 people. 	Close to Montparnasse, the Eiffel Tower and Invalids. 25m² studio located in a very calm area (day and night). Fully equipped, clean and practical with a lovely terrace, it can accommodate 2 people. Close to Montparnasse, Invalids, and the Eiffel Tower: this studio offers direct access to the Champs Elysees, the Louvre (by bus) and Saint-Germain des Prés. Very convenient for fair and exhibition visitors: close to Porte de Versailles, where most of the exhibitions take place. This 25m² studio can accommodate 2 people. One big room with a double sofa-bed. Terrace access with table and chairs. Really quiet, no noise during the day or at night. Plus, no direct neighbour (office next door, above is another terrace). I’m a cleaning addict, meaning this studio is very clean. This is a very nice studio offering all the comfort you need to enjoy your stay in Paris. Amenities: fridge, gas stove with 2 rings, oven, cutlery, frying pans, saucepans, plates, mugs, glasses, bowls, washing machine, va
11385		Come to enjoy this well located flat (50m²)! With many transportation facilities, it s easy to reach main locations in Paris  10 mn to Montparnasse 20mn to Parc des Expositions, Champs Elysées & able to host until 4 person (bed + sofa-bed)! To 5 mn from the subway station Plaisance (line 13) To 10 mn from the tram station Porte de Vanves (line 3a) To 2 min from bus stop (lines n°62, n°95) + Vélib, Autolib parks close to the flat
11386	Well, what I like most is the fact you can have light at any time of the day. You have both independent and fully equipped bathroom and kitchen (with cocktail glasses). The living room is bright and you can plug the speakers if you want a nice atmosphere. As regards the room, it is quite cosy and you will have a lot of room for you stuff.	This 2-room apartment has an independent kitchen. It is very light and comfortable. You will be 2 minutes away from metro station Pasteur (lines 12 & 6) and close to many restaurants, stores and bars. Well, what I like most is the fact you can have light at any time of the day. You have both independent and fully equipped bathroom and kitchen (with cocktail glasses). The living room is bright and you can plug the speakers if you want a nice atmosphere. As regards the room, it is quite cosy and you will have a lot of room for you stuff. My flat is all yours! I have just changed the internet connection and it works perfectly well now! Well, I am just starting using airbnb, so I guess it would be as they wish! Do not hesitate to contact me if you need further information or have any question. I am also flexible with the check-in and check-out times. The apartment is located in a nice area, in South-West Paris, in the middle of the very safe and lively 15th district. Everything you may nee
11387	L'appartement dispose de loggias extérieures dans un immeuble de caractère. Il est très lumineux. Il est extrêmement bien placé au centre de Paris avec 3 lignes de métros à moins de 5 min à pied. L'environnement proche est très calme. Tous les commerces à proximité immédiate.	60 m² Paris 15ème - Commerce, Métro 6-8 et 10 proximité immédiate. Appt très lumineux au 6ème étage avec asc dans un magnifique immeuble en brique. Rue calme, pas de bruit. 1 ch avec lit double, 1 ch avec 2 lits enfants, 1 canapé lit double. L'appartement dispose de loggias extérieures dans un immeuble de caractère. Il est très lumineux. Il est extrêmement bien placé au centre de Paris avec 3 lignes de métros à moins de 5 min à pied. L'environnement proche est très calme. Tous les commerces à proximité immédiate. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement sans restriction. Nous serons en vacances à 5h de Paris pendant le séjour. Nous serons joignable par téléphone sans soucis. Il s'agit du quartier Commerce de Paris XV, réputé pour sa qualité de vie, sa proximité avec tous les commerces. On se rend à la Tour Eiffel en 20 min à pied (ou 5 min en métro). Il y a également le centre commercial Beaugrenelle accessible à 10 min à pieds pour le shopping. De nombreux parcs et squares pour
11388	proche de la tour Eiffel et des transports en commun multiples (métro, bus, tram, velib, rer, autolib) à proximité ( 5 minutes à pieds)	Venez nous voir et partager notre vie familiale si vous le souhaitez dans un quartier calme du XV proche de la Tour Eiffel : commerces et transports à proximité immédiate. Vous logerez dans l'une des cinq chambres de notre grand appartement. proche de la tour Eiffel et des transports en commun multiples (métro, bus, tram, velib, rer, autolib) à proximité ( 5 minutes à pieds) vous pourrez utiliser la cuisine si vous le souhaitez. j'adore voyager et serai heureuse de pouvoir m'enrichir de votre culture. Un quartier très agréable : tout à proximité : un supermarché, une bonne boulangerie, une rue commerçante un grand jardin pour flâner  et la seine  tout à côté pour la longer jusqu'à la Tour Eiffel métro ligne 10 arrêt javel André Citroën RER ligne c arrêt javel bus 62/42/88
11389	You will find :  - a small bathroom (shower) - a small kitchen (electric cooking plates, microwave, oven) - main room : bed for 2 (very comfortable), couch  - balcony : perfect for breakfasts in the sun 	Very cute and sunny one room flat on the 3rd floor of a modern parisian building with a balcony, nearby Beaugrenelle (shoppinh spree!). Between metro lines 8 & 10. In a calm and family district, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (15min). I am at your disposal should you need any information about the district and Paris ! Happy to help. A very pleasant, authentic and calm district, with nice places to eat, have a drink and shop (the Beaugrenelle shopping center is 3 min away). Easy to get around Paris :  - 3 min walk from Charles Michels - metro line 10 - 5 min walk from Félix Faure _ metro line 8 - 10 min walk from Dupleix - metro line 6  Taxi station place Charles Michels (3 min) Several velib stations in the area. This is the flat I currently live in, so you will find my stuff in it ;)
11390	Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Double Sofa Bed)  Floor: 3rd floor - with small elevator (1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from main floor)  Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro station) Surface area: 334 sq.ft. / 31m2 Very convenient location for tourism and also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipment & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets close by. Subway Station is BIR-HAKEIM (line 6) or RER station 	A nice and cozy Parisian apartment close to the Eiffel Tower. Apt for 4 people - located next to the Eiffel Tower  Sleeps: 4 people (1 Double bed + 1 Double Sofa Bed)  Floor: 3rd floor - with small elevator (1st floor in Europe means 1 flight of stairs from main floor)  Subway: Tour Eiffel (RER station) or Bir-Hakeim (metro station) Surface area: 334 sq.ft. / 31m2 Very convenient location for tourism and also for a longer stay. Very good value and the brand new equipment & services in the apartment will be appreciated. The owner of this property works in the tourism industry in Paris - and takes good care of his guests. LOCATION  This location is ideal for touring the monuments of Paris, shopping and fine dining. This elegant Paris apartment is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower, the Seine river, Trocadero, Invalides & Champs de Mars. Great restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood. You will also find all the typical french shops and stores and several supermarkets c
11391	Open Apartment all furnished (TV, Internet and so on ...) with one king bed and a big couch. Perfect apartment fit 4 persons.	Beautiful apartment, perfect location heart of Montparnasse.  10 seconds from subway station ODESSA, 1 min from Tour Montparnasse. Open Apartment all furnished (TV, Internet and so on ...) with one king bed and a big couch. Perfect apartment fit 4 persons. Heart of Montparnasse.  10 seconds from subway station ODESSA. 1 Min from Tour Montparnasse. 1 Min from Gaité street. (famous for its theaters, bars and restaurants ) 2 min from Train Station Gare Montparnasse.
11392		Renovated apartment in a charming residence close to the Gare Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for tourism thanks to numerous nearby subway line ( 4,6,10,12 and 13) or for work . You will have access to: -Internet WIFI -TV -stereo -Hotplate and Microwave -refrigerator -hair dryer -Iron -washing machine We'll see you at check -in and check-out for the keys. The area is lively with many cafes , bars , restaurants, the theater of the Rue de la Gaite . Despite this atmosphere, the apartment is quiet and you do not tighten disturbed. You will be next to the 6th district and Luxembourg. Well connected to the center: Metro 4 , 6, 12 to St -Germain -des-Prés , Châtelet , St- Michel RER B ... 15 minutes to Orly and Roissy ( Roissy bus and coach AIR FRANCE) - No pets
11393		Studio à louer du 1 er au 30septembre 2015 Il est situé au 15ème arrondissement de Paris, au 3ème étage avec ascenseurs. Bon quartier.  Il est bien équipé et meublé.  une pièce principale avec clic clac - moquette  Un balcon Salle de bain avec lavabo, douche Une télé HD Table basse et deux chaises. Une bibliothèque - Grand placard  Une plaque chauffante Electrique  Un réfrigérateur Ventilateur
11394		Bel appartement de 2 pièces refait entièrement à neuf en juin 2015.  - Chambre avec lit 2 places (1m20) - Salon avec canapé convertible 2 places (1m40) - Cuisine entièrement équipée - Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne Situé dans le 15ème à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, commerces très proches.
11395	Roomy studio apartment, third floor with elevator. Quiet and bright. Overlooks the inner courtyard. Sunny balcony. Big kitchen, fully equipped, including dishwasher. Bathroom with bathtub, separate toilet. WiFi. Shared pool in the building, with free access from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.	"Next to the Parc Georges Brassens, near metro Convention, roomy studio apartment, 33m2, quiet and sunny, with balcony and shared pool in the building. All stores nearby,  nice and safe area. Roomy studio apartment, third floor with elevator. Quiet and bright. Overlooks the inner courtyard. Sunny balcony. Big kitchen, fully equipped, including dishwasher. Bathroom with bathtub, separate toilet. WiFi. Shared pool in the building, with free access from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. NIce and safe neighborhood. Next to Parc Georges Brassens, ideal for a morning run or a picnic . All traditional shops and restaurants nearby. Local supermarket open till 10 p.m. Large market 3 times a week. Most tourist sights are only a few metro stations from the apartment. Metro line 12 : ""Convention"" metro station (5 minutes walking) Tramway T3a : ""Georges Brassens"" tram station (5 minutes walking) Bus 62 : ""Place Charles Vallin"" bus stop (3 minutes walking) Taxi station next to Convention metro station"
11396		Jolie studio dans le 15ème, proche du nouveau C.Commercial Beaugrenelle 2min à pied, 15min à pied Tour Eiffel & Trocadéro.  Proche tout commerce et rue calme. Station de métro Charles Michel (ligne 10) 2min à pied, Boucicaut (ligne 8) 8min.
11397	Confortable et accueillant, cet appartement deux pièces dispose de tout ce qui est nécessaire pour se sentir chez soi : un grand lit confortable, de nombreux rangements, une cuisine équipée et un salon chaleureux. Idéal pour un couple ou un binôme qui souhaite passer quelques jours à Paris. Less than 10 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, enjoy a comfortable and welcoming 2 rooms apartment. All confort needed is provided and you will stay only 15 minutes away with the metro from the main cultural and historical spots of Paris. The district, as well as the flat, is a family and welcoming one, with lots of shops and a big shopping mall close to the place, though you can easily reach popular and lively places. Several metro, bus and train lines are easily available as well. Le logement est loué entier, il dispose de : - une entrée,  - un salon/salle à manger (canapé, petite télé, grande table),  - une petite cuisine (microondes, grille pain, bouilloire, four électrique, plaque	Less than 10 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower, enjoy a comfortable and welcoming 2 rooms apartment. All confort needed is provided and you will stay only 15 minutes away with the metro from the main cultural and historical spots of Pari
11398	Bright and clean apartment, composed of three rooms, a large living room with a balcony, a spacious kitchen and a bathroom.	Private bedroom in a charming and bright apartment in the 15 arrondissement of Paris. Many transportations within 5 minutes walk. Calm and safe neighborhood. Bright and clean apartment, composed of three rooms, a large living room with a balcony, a spacious kitchen and a bathroom. Guests will have access to all the commodities. Two nice roommates will be happy to give you tips for your journey in Paris. Calm, safe and familial neighborhood. Metro line 12 and line 8. Many Bus, and Velib station.
11399	Charming 1bdr apt for 4 (42m2), in a safe and lively neighborhood of Paris, a few minutes walk from Porte de Versailles, Aquaboulevard, Rue de Commerce, Beaugrenelle Mall…  A dining room & an equipped open kitchen: mixed oven (microwave + pulsed air), blender, electric kettle, toaster, fridge-freezer, and washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine,  dining table (4 to 10). A room with 1 double size bed A living room with a large corner couch/bed (for 2), a TV (Cable), Internet - Wifi – Wii	Very charming 42 sqm apt for 4, in a safe and lively neighborhood of Paris XV.  Located in a very peaceful dead-end alley, this very confortable and luminous flat has 1 bdr, a living room (couch bed for 2), a dining room with an open equipped kitchen Charming 1bdr apt for 4 (42m2), in a safe and lively neighborhood of Paris, a few minutes walk from Porte de Versailles, Aquaboulevard, Rue de Commerce, Beaugrenelle Mall…  A dining room & an equipped open kitchen: mixed oven (microwave + pulsed air), blender, electric kettle, toaster, fridge-freezer, and washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine,  dining table (4 to 10). A room with 1 double size bed A living room with a large corner couch/bed (for 2), a TV (Cable), Internet - Wifi – Wii Everything except personal items (beauty products, clothes, documents...) I love to meet with people from all around the world. But I can interact with you as little or as much as you would like. That is up to you :) The 15th arrondissement (Rive Gauche) 
