3600	The large windows in each room are on the court side (not on the street - so it is very quiet while being in an animated street).  It is composed of - 1 room with a double-bed   - 1 room with 2 single beds - a large living room, with a sofa convertible into a confortable double-bed - 1 Fully-equiped kitchen (oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, washing machine, hotplate and fridge),  - a dining place - a nice bathroom (bath / shower) with separate toilets The price includes water, electricity, towels and bed linen.  We love our apartment with its lovely typical Parisian neighborhood, and we will make sure you will have a great time there as well. 	The large windows in each room are on the court side (not on the street - so it is very quiet while being in an animated street).  It is composed of - 1 room with a double-bed   - 1 room with 2 single beds - a large living room, with a sofa convertible into a confortable double-bed - 1 Fully-equiped kitchen (oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, washing machine, hotplate and fridge),  - a dining place - a nice bathroom (bath / shower) with separate toilets The price includes water, electricity, towels and bed linen.  We love our apartment with its lovely typical Parisian neighborhood, and we will make sure you will have a great time there as well. You will have the full apartment available for you. There are no shared rooms or other shared parts of the apartment.  *********************************************************************** THE AREA *********************************************************************** You should enjoy the place if you're looking for an area: - appealing for to
3601	Great apartment, Parisian style, very quite, parquet flooring, pretty building with elevator. 	Very cute Parisian apartment in an amazing neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, bar, bakery, pastry, shopping, close to all historic places. Great apartment, Parisian style, very quite, parquet flooring, pretty building with elevator.  Internet, Wifi, washer-dryers, dishwashers, TV, stereo. Great neighborhood, 5 minutes walking distance from the Invalides and the Seine, 10 minutes walking distance from the Musée du Grand Palais and Quay Branly, the Champs Elysée, the Eiffel Tower, the Place de la Concorde and other historic places. Great area with a lot of restaurants, shopping, groceries and bakeries. RER, Bus, subway, Air France Car from Orly airport: stop Station Invalides
3602	This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests.  The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. Pets may be allowed with prior permission.	A 140 square meter apartment in one of the best neighborhoods in Paris. Great view, great food, great fun. Parks, French bakeries and bistros, organic markets, public transportation, all in easy walking distance. This warm space in the heart of Eiffel Tower area offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests.  The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work. Pets may be allowed with prior permission. This apartment is organized in a Duplex. Couples have been happy here, there are 3 divided rooms with 3 bathrooms. *Check-In time: 3pm / Check-Out time: 10am  *Other times might be available depending on the previous guests check out and next guests check in times. If you want to explore the vibrant culture of Paris , this is the neighborhood for you. Rue Cler was recently rate
3603	The flat is on the 2nd floor with elevator. It has a large living room with an open kitchen, a big bedroom with a comfortable bathroom and separated toilets. Total is 65 sqm (700 sq ft). LIVING ROOM The sofa is a convertible and can be used as an extra bed. There’s a little balcony for the smokers. A large table for up to 8 persons BEDROOM Queen size bed Large Closet KITCHEN: Fully equipped: Oven and micro-wave Dishwasher Hoover Heaters Coffee maker Clean sheets, linens, towels and shampoos are provided. Free Internet access (Wifi) 	Very nice flat of 65 sqm located in a small and quiet street between the invalides and the Eiffel Tower. It is the best location to visit Paris: safe, clean and beautiful, it is surrounded by great restaurants, boutiques, and touristic places. The flat is on the 2nd floor with elevator. It has a large living room with an open kitchen, a big bedroom with a comfortable bathroom and separated toilets. Total is 65 sqm (700 sq ft). LIVING ROOM The sofa is a convertible and can be used as an extra bed. There’s a little balcony for the smokers. A large table for up to 8 persons BEDROOM Queen size bed Large Closet KITCHEN: Fully equipped: Oven and micro-wave Dishwasher Hoover Heaters Coffee maker Clean sheets, linens, towels and shampoos are provided. Free Internet access (Wifi) I’ll do my best to answer any request or question you may have as soon as possible. It is the best location if you want to visit Paris. It is very safe, clean and beautiful. It is surrounded by great restaurants, bouti
3604	Entièrement refait  à neuf l'appartement situé dans un bâtiment classé offre le charme de l'ancien dans un des quartier le plus recherché de Paris; a côté des ministères, des invalides, de la tour Eiffel , de saint germain des prés .... 	quartier prestigieux luxueux et calme de Paris, à 200 m des INVALIDES, 10 mn de la TOUR EFFEIL, 10mn de SAINT GERMAIN DES PRES, ce magnifique appartement se trouve au Dernier étage avec ascenceur d'un immeuble classé .  un  emplacement ideal ! Entièrement refait  à neuf l'appartement situé dans un bâtiment classé offre le charme de l'ancien dans un des quartier le plus recherché de Paris; a côté des ministères, des invalides, de la tour Eiffel , de saint germain des prés ....  plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus , situées à moins de 5 mn de marche permettent un accès aisée à tous les sites remarquables de Paris  L'accueil est systématiquement assuré par l'hôte des lieux qui fournira tous les renseignements pour assurer aux voyageurs un séjour réussi . Au plein coeur du 7 eme arrondissement , a deux pas de l'assemblée nationale, des invalides, du quartier saint germain des près ... du musée Rodin ... de la tour Eiffel .... plusieurs lignes de métro ( 13 et 9 ) à moins de 5mn de l'appart
3605	The apartment is very chic and light with high ceilings and tall windows in every room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the rooms are all spacious and elegantly decorated. The most important aspect of the apartment however, is that it is only a few minutes walk from the beautiful Eiffel tower, located in one of Paris' most famous and affluent neighbourhoods. More photos can be viewed on request!	An elegant fresh and parisian apartment one bloc behind the Eiffel Tower and ten minutes walk from Avenue Montaigne (the capital's most well known street for high fashion) and Champs Elysees, perfect for shoppers! Great location for museums and too. The apartment is very chic and light with high ceilings and tall windows in every room. The kitchen is fully equipped and the rooms are all spacious and elegantly decorated. The most important aspect of the apartment however, is that it is only a few minutes walk from the beautiful Eiffel tower, located in one of Paris' most famous and affluent neighbourhoods. More photos can be viewed on request! Guests will have access to the master bedroom (although arrangements can be made for the other 2 bedrooms for a charge if more people want to stay), the bathroom, separate toilet and kitchen. Guests may use all the equipment in the kitchen including washing machine and there is also a washing machine/dryer available.  I will be there to greet gues
3606	Very nice 1-bedroom apartment in the very center of Paris, 55 m² (592 ft²). The loft has been renovated a year ago with an interior designer. Its brightness, very high ceiling, and parquet flooring make it a unique spot for a confortable stay in Paris. You will enjoy a 30m² living-room and open kitchen, a cosy bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom and private toilettes. The apartment is fully equipped : Internet High speed Wifi, flat screen Lcd TV, DVD Player, PS3, Ipod player (Apple Airplay). You will benefit from a perfect location, close to everything you could need : shops, restaurants, buses, subway.  Have a walk at Les Invalides, find the best ingredients for a perfect French meal at le Bon Marché, and spend the day wandering in Saint Germain des Prés! Everything is at a five-minute-walking distance. For more details feel free to ask. I will be glad to give you advices if you need anything! 	Very nice 1-bedroom apartment in the very center of Paris, 55 m² (592 ft²). The loft has been renovated a year ago with an interior designer. Its brightness, very high ceiling, and parquet flooring make it a unique spot for a confortable stay in Paris. You will enjoy a 30m² living-room and open kitchen, a cosy bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom and private toilettes. The apartment is fully equipped : Internet High speed Wifi, flat screen Lcd TV, DVD Player, PS3, Ipod player (Apple Airplay). You will benefit from a perfect location, close to everything you could need : shops, restaurants, buses, subway.  Have a walk at Les Invalides, find the best ingredients for a perfect French meal at le Bon Marché, and spend the day wandering in Saint Germain des Prés! Everything is at a five-minute-walking distance. For more details feel free to ask. I will be glad to give you advices if you need anything! 
3607	In a 18th century building very 'bourgeois' style, our very bright flat is on the 2nd floor with a lift. You will enjoy the spacious living room and the 3 bedrooms of our typical parisian flat. Live-in fully equipped kitchen, one bathroom. 120 m2 en plein coeur du 7eme arrondissement, proche Musée d'Orsay, idéalement situé pour accueillir une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants Le quartier est central pour visiter tous les monuments et les musées de Paris	"Our 120 sqm flat is very welcoming for a family, matching a couple with 2 or 3 kids. Please enjoy your stay in the heart of our city, next to the Musée d'Orsay in a very quiet and typical street of Paris In a 18th century building very 'bourgeois' style, our very bright flat is on the 2nd floor with a lift. You will enjoy the spacious living room and the 3 bedrooms of our typical parisian flat. Live-in fully equipped kitchen, one bathroom. 120 m2 en plein coeur du 7eme arrondissement, proche Musée d'Orsay, idéalement situé pour accueillir une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants Le quartier est central pour visiter tous les monuments et les musées de Paris Fully furnished, with all internet connexion, TV cable and free long distance calls included. Next to the ""Solferino"" metro station, the flat is located in a very quiet and ""bourgeois"" style street. You will enjoy walking next to the Seine, visiting museums (Musée d'Orsay, 2 minutes) and art galleries of the area. Very close to many parisian "
3608	It is a newly renovated flat with separate rooms and bathrooms; with a lot of light and a nice view over the surrounding area. The buildings interior is spectacular by itself. You can come up by stairs or elevator, but I recommend to use the stairs at least once. There you can witness a huge open staircase winding along the walls next to paintings and hunting trophies (beware of the brown bear ;) ) The proximity to many of the most important attractions in Paris. Just outside is the Place des Invalides, which is enclosed by the Invalides Dome and has a view on the Eiffel tower, Petit and Grand Palais. To the other side there is the Assemblee Nationale and the Musee d'Orsay and a bit further south you can find the Musee Rodin with its beautiful gardens.	We live on the last floor (with elevator) in a renovated flat of a hotel particulier (old aristocratic town house) in the beautiful St. Germain. Just out of the house is Invalides, Musee Rodin and Invalides station connects you to the rest of Paris. It is a newly renovated flat with separate rooms and bathrooms; with a lot of light and a nice view over the surrounding area. The buildings interior is spectacular by itself. You can come up by stairs or elevator, but I recommend to use the stairs at least once. There you can witness a huge open staircase winding along the walls next to paintings and hunting trophies (beware of the brown bear ;) ) The proximity to many of the most important attractions in Paris. Just outside is the Place des Invalides, which is enclosed by the Invalides Dome and has a view on the Eiffel tower, Petit and Grand Palais. To the other side there is the Assemblee Nationale and the Musee d'Orsay and a bit further south you can find the Musee Rodin with its beauti
3609	Located in one of the most presitgious street of the capital (and very luxurious building) the appartement comprises of an entrance, a water closet, a large living room overlooking rooftops, a spacious kitchen (equipped but not exhaustively), a bright and very comfortable bedroom (newly furbished) and a bathing room with another WC, small but fully functionnal. 	70m2 appartement on the 5th and last floor (with elevator). Very spacious, lots of light, panoramic view above rooftops. 50m away from Assemblée Nationale and Invalides, 2min walk to quai de Seine, 10min to Eiffel Tower and St Germain...
3610	Large 3 rooms Apartment, Beds for 6 people sleeping in 3 different rooms: In 2 Bedrooms sleeps 4 + In 1 Living-room sleeps 2, Exceptional location really at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in the best area of Paris, frontier of Arrondissement 7 &  Arrondissement 15 on the edge of Champs-de-Mars Park.  From this place you can visit Paris mainly by walk! The apartment is very quiet, bright, safe and clean. Surface: 75 Square Meters = 807 Square Feet. (75 m2 = 807 Ft2). EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION / BEST DISTRICT: This is a perfect location to visit the Paris main tourist places by walk or metro. You are located very centrally, in the nicest district of Paris, really at the feet of the Eiffel Tower, a very beautiful and very safe place. The Eiffel Tower is located in the park Champs-de-Mars and the apartment is located at the edge of it.  So, if you want to visit Paris by walk, you will definitely choose this place! Plus you will stay in a very high level standing district (equivalent to NYC Centr	Large 3 rooms Apartment, Beds for 6 people sleeping in 3 different rooms: 2 Bedrooms sleeps 4 + 1 Living-room sleeps 2, Exceptional location at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in the best area of Paris, frontier of Arrondissement 7 &  Arrondissement 15 Large 3 rooms Apartment, Beds for 6 people sleeping in 3 different rooms: In 2 Bedrooms sleeps 4 + In 1 Living-room sleeps 2, Exceptional location really at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in the best area of Paris, frontier of Arrondissement 7 &  Arrondissement 15 on the edge of Champs-de-Mars Park.  From this place you can visit Paris mainly by walk! The apartment is very quiet, bright, safe and clean. Surface: 75 Square Meters = 807 Square Feet. (75 m2 = 807 Ft2). EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION / BEST DISTRICT: This is a perfect location to visit the Paris main tourist places by walk or metro. You are located very centrally, in the nicest district of Paris, really at the feet of the Eiffel Tower, a very beautiful and very safe place. The Eiffel Tow
3611		Flat 1 bedroom (430 sq  ft), parisian Art Deco, relaxing and fully equiped  Ideally located, close to the Eiffel Tower (5 minutes)/Champs Elysées , Alma Marceau  (10 minutes) Cosy neighborhood food markets, shops, bakeries, restaurants around.
3612	Very cute studio in the 7th arrondissement , on the 3rd floor. 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars , 15 minutes walk from Champs Elysee. Very well connected to subway (ligne 8 ecole militaire or tour maubourg stops) and buses. Really famous pedestrian street (rue cler) 2 mins walking with fruits market, cheese shop, wine shop, supermarket, many restaurants and cafes with terraces.  shower The kitchen equipment includes: ceramic hobs, oven/ grill, microwave , fridge and freezer, plates, cutlery, glasses, cooking utensils.	Very cute studio in the 7th arrondissement , on the 3rd floor. 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars , 15 minutes walk from Champs Elysee. Very well connected to subway (ligne 8 ecole militaire or tour maubourg stops) and buses. Really famous pedestrian street (rue cler) 2 mins walking with fruits market, cheese shop, wine shop, supermarket, many restaurants and cafes with terraces.  shower The kitchen equipment includes: ceramic hobs, oven/ grill, microwave , fridge and freezer, plates, cutlery, glasses, cooking utensils.
3613	----------> THE DISTRICT: It is located close to the national monument of Invalides, the Rodin Museum and the famous rue de Sèvres in the luxurious 7th district. We live  in a calm dead street on a sunny Haussmann building, at 4th floor with elevator. ----------> YOUR  ROOM: You'll sleep in a nice single room, overlooking a quiet courtyard, with very comfortable bedding (90/190) and it's own private en-suite bathroom.  There is a sink, a bidet, a bathtub with shower, it's provided with a hair dryer and towels.  You have a small writing desk, an electric- kettle and a bar frig. So you have a whole room/ bathroom of 20 m2 .  This is not a room to accommodate a couple, it's suitable for one adult only but it could suit (sleigh bed) two kids travelling with their parents who would book the other room we rent. ______________________________________ FRENCH -----------> LE QUARTIER:  En plein coeur de Paris, près des Invalides et des commerces de la rue de Sèvres, dans le luxueux 7 ème arrond	Welcome to our 160 sqm apartment!  You'll sleep in a quiet room with its own private en suite bathroom and comfortable bedding. Breakfast is included. Free WIFI. Metro Duroc (250m). It's a safe, chic & central district to discover Paris. ----------> THE DISTRICT: It is located close to the national monument of Invalides, the Rodin Museum and the famous rue de Sèvres in the luxurious 7th district. We live  in a calm dead street on a sunny Haussmann building, at 4th floor with elevator. ----------> YOUR  ROOM: You'll sleep in a nice single room, overlooking a quiet courtyard, with very comfortable bedding (90/190) and it's own private en-suite bathroom.  There is a sink, a bidet, a bathtub with shower, it's provided with a hair dryer and towels.  You have a small writing desk, an electric- kettle and a bar frig. So you have a whole room/ bathroom of 20 m2 .  This is not a room to accommodate a couple, it's suitable for one adult only but it could suit (sleigh bed) two kids travelling wit
3614	Nice and cheap apt near Eiffel Tower (Eiffel Tower and its Park are 5min away walking) Perfect for a single or a couple visiting Paris. Convenient Transportation: 3 metro lines downstairs (lines 6,8,10) at Metro Stop Ecole Militaire or La Motte-Picquet Grenelle  Very convenient to come from both airports and to go anywhere in Paris.  Champs-Elysees, Invalides and Latin quarter is 10 to 15 min max   Farmer market downstairs on wednesdays and sundays  Restaurant and bars downstairs  Grocery stores, bakeries and good cafes right downstairs Internet network in the Apt	Nice and cheap apt near Eiffel Tower (Eiffel Tower and its Park are 5min away walking) Perfect for a single or a couple visiting Paris. Convenient Transportation: 3 metro lines downstairs (lines 6,8,10) at Metro Stop Ecole Militaire or La Motte-Picquet Grenelle  Very convenient to come from both airports and to go anywhere in Paris.  Champs-Elysees, Invalides and Latin quarter is 10 to 15 min max   Farmer market downstairs on wednesdays and sundays  Restaurant and bars downstairs  Grocery stores, bakeries and good cafes right downstairs Internet network in the Apt
3615	"This charming newly renovated duplex is located in one of the oldest and most desirable areas of Paris close to Saint -Germain des Prés , the Seine and the Jardin des Tuileries. The building dates from the 17th century and the facade is classified as "" historical monument "". The apartment is very quiet, overlooking a lovely small courtyard maintained."	"In the heart of the antique district , this apartment with exposed beams, filled with charm will seduce you and make you become parisian during your stay! This charming newly renovated duplex is located in one of the oldest and most desirable areas  This charming newly renovated duplex is located in one of the oldest and most desirable areas of Paris close to Saint -Germain des Prés , the Seine and the Jardin des Tuileries. The building dates from the 17th century and the facade is classified as "" historical monument "". The apartment is very quiet, overlooking a lovely small courtyard maintained. We will always be contacted during your stay Subway stations (Rue du Bac, St Germain) , buses and taxis are very close."
3616	Big windows looking into a quiet courtyard! The apartment is relaxing and quiet, but with lively decoration, a stereo, and a full bookcase.	A bright, airy studio right between Invalides and the Eiffel tower.  On a quiet street near La Tour Maubourg Metro station and steps from a cute cobblestone neighborhood (La Rue Cler). Three big windows and one little one. Big windows looking into a quiet courtyard! The apartment is relaxing and quiet, but with lively decoration, a stereo, and a full bookcase. The apartment has a full kitchen and a laundry machine.  Sheets and towels are provided.  Please message me if you have any other questions! Cobblestone streets with great restaurants and boulangeries, next to the Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, and the Rodin Museum.  All accessible after a 10-minute walk though the neighborhood 5 minute walk to La Tour Maubourg/Ecole militaire
3617	L'appartement est confortable et offre un charme rétro parisien.  Il est pourvu d'un lit double et d'un canapé lit double. L'appartement est idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes ou pour un couple souhaitant recevoir pendant leur séjour.	Appartement pour 4 personnes, décoré classique (inspiration style louis XV) Son emplacement est idéal pour profiter des beaux jours dans un quartier calme et recherché.  En rez de chaussée, vous pourrez profiter de la fraîcheur de sa cour. L'appartement est confortable et offre un charme rétro parisien.  Il est pourvu d'un lit double et d'un canapé lit double. L'appartement est idéal pour une famille de 4 personnes ou pour un couple souhaitant recevoir pendant leur séjour. Les invités auront accès à tous l'appartement hormis un petit placard fermé à clef. J'attendrai les invités sur place pour m'assurer que tout est en place pour leur séjour et leur présenter l'appartement. Le quartier est un des plus beaux de Paris. Situé dans le cœur historique de Paris, vous avez, tout proche de vous, l'hôtel des invalides, l'école militaire, le champs de mars et la tour Eiffel. De l'autre côté, vous êtes à moins de 10 min du bon marché puis le très typé quartier Saint Germain. Musées, monuments, re
3618		Une pièce de 17m2 . Bien situé dans une rue calme très proche du métro et du commerce .  Une cuisine bien équipée , un canapé lit très confortable,  table basse  (website hidden): 6 ème étage AVEC ascenseur
3619	charming appartment in Central Paris,  20m². 5 min from the Tour Eiffel and from the Invalides, 15 min from the Champs-Elysées. very well located	"charming appartment in Central Paris,  20m². 5 min from the Tour Eiffel and from the Invalides, 15 min from the Champs-Elysées. very well located TV, bathroom, kitchen, washing machine (washing detergent is provided), small bar I stay available during your stay to answer all of your questions. Appartment located in one of the most famous streets in Paris : rue Saint-Dominique. This street connects the Champ de Mars / Tour Eiffel to Saint-Germain, going through the Invalides, many embassies and ministries. Many touristic places can be reached on foot (Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées, Invalides, pont Alexandre III, Grand Palais, Concorde, Tuileries, Arc de Triomphe, musée Rodin, musée du Quai Branly, etc...). Lively neighborhood (for example the ""rue Cler"" is at 2 minuts on foot). metro line 8 (station ""La Tour Maubourg"" or ""Ecole Militaire""), or metro line 9 (10 min from station ""Alma-Marceau"") bus line 69 (station ""Saint-Pierre du Gros Caillou""), bus lines 80 and 92 (station ""Bosquet Saint"
3620	Bonjour et bienvenue, Je mets à disposition ce bel appartement meublé de 2 pièces pour des séjours de courte durée. Il se situe au 2eme étage et a été entièrement rénové et peut héberger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Vue sur cour et vue sur la rue. Il comprend: - Un salon avec canapé lit et cuisine americaine - Une chambre à coucher avec un lit double et une salle de bain à l'intérieur de la chambre -Un lit bébé sur demande (sans coût supplémentaire)           En ce qui concerne les équipements: TV satellite, internet en wifi, lave linge, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, grill, grille pain, bouilloire, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux,chauffage,climatisation( la climatisation est sur demande/sans coût supplémentaire) Les draps et les serviettes de bain sont fournis.                  Situation géographique:  Rue de l'Université est une rue très calme qui se trouve à: - 200 mètres du musée du Quai de Branly - 300 mètres de la tour eiffel - 5 minutes des Champs Elysées Commodités: A proximité de toutes l	Bonjour et bienvenue, Je mets à disposition ce bel appartement meublé de 2 pièces pour des séjours de courte durée. Il se situe au 2eme étage et a été entièrement rénové et peut héberger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Vue sur cour et vue sur la rue. Il comprend: - Un salon avec canapé lit et cuisine americaine - Une chambre à coucher avec un lit double et une salle de bain à l'intérieur de la chambre -Un lit bébé sur demande (sans coût supplémentaire)           En ce qui concerne les équipements: TV satellite, internet en wifi, lave linge, lave vaisselle, micro ondes, grill, grille pain, bouilloire, fer à repasser, sèche cheveux,chauffage,climatisation( la climatisation est sur demande/sans coût supplémentaire) Les draps et les serviettes de bain sont fournis.                  Situation géographique:  Rue de l'Université est une rue très calme qui se trouve à: - 200 mètres du musée du Quai de Branly - 300 mètres de la tour eiffel - 5 minutes des Champs Elysées Commodités: A proximité de toutes l
3621	The apartment is on the top floor (6th) of a small building with a lift.There is a code to enter into the building. The entire apartment is double-glazed, which provides a very quiet place. This furnished apartment of 33 m for 4 persons is located on rue Valadon, one bedroom apartment (double bed) and also a sofabed. The kitchen is open on the living room. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and toilet. Cosy and charming apartment. Very well located in the 7th with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower.	"This amazing apartment of 33 square meters for 4 persons with one bedroom is very well located a few steps from Eiffel Tower and Invalides. The apartment is on the top floor (6th) of a small building with a lift.There is a code to enter into the building. The entire apartment is double-glazed, which provides a very quiet place. This furnished apartment of 33 m for 4 persons is located on rue Valadon, one bedroom apartment (double bed) and also a sofabed. The kitchen is open on the living room. The flat has one bathroom with a shower and toilet. Cosy and charming apartment. Very well located in the 7th with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. the whole apartment over e-mail and phone This apartment is located in the 7th district, at few minutes of Invalides and Eiffel Tower. This district is very attractive by its shops and Market thanks to the ""Rue Saint Dominique"" and ""Rue Cler"". The nearest metros is line 8 at Tour Maubourg and Ecole Militaire. This line lead to Commerce, La Motte "
3622		Chambre avec lit double dans petit appartement rue Saint Dominique, commerçante, chic et animée. Idéalement située au coeur de Paris, elle est aussi très calme (donne sur cour). Nous partagerons la salle de bain et la cuisine :)
3623	Ce studio de 19m2 est très calme et lumineux. Il dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres équipées de volets électriques (1 dans la pièce principale et 1 dans la salle de bain). Une cave de 2 m2 est également mise à la disposition des locataires s'ils le souhaitent.	Ce studio de 19m2 est très calme et lumineux. Il dispose de 2 grandes fenêtres équipées de volets électriques (1 dans la pièce principale et 1 dans la salle de bain). Une cave de 2 m2 est également mise à la disposition des locataires s'ils le souhaitent. L'appartement est composé d'une salle de séjour/chambre avec canapé lit (avec un matelas pour couchage quotidien) pour 2 (dimensions 140 cm x 190 cm), un coin cuisine équipé (four/mircor-onde, machine nespresso, bouilloire, accessoire de cuisine...), une table de bar pour les repas et une salle de bains (douche, lavabo, WC, machine à laver). Des appareils ménagers sont également mis à la disposition des locataires (fer+ table à repasser, aspirateur) ainsi qu'un lit parapluie à disposition pour un couple avec enfant (forfait 4€/jour). Je reste disponible pour mes locataires, ils peuvent me solliciter s'ils le désirent.  Le 7ème est un quartier convivial et chaleureux qui a gardé son esprit village. Il y a peu d'immeuble, beaucoup de pe
3624	Un magnifique appartement rue des Saints Pères en plein quartier de Saint Germain des Prés à proximité immédiate des quais. Sur une surface de 95 m2 vous serez en toute quietude avec des immenses fenêtres et sa belle hauteur de 3M50 sous plafond.  Pour des balades en amoureux les nouveaux quais de Seine sont l'endroit où se rendre à Paris ! Le quartier de Saint Germain des Prés reste le quartier par excellence, ses librairies et ses fameux cafés Les deux Magots, Le cafe de Flore sont des endroits magiques qui traversent le temps sans prendre une ride. Il y a un arrêt de bus devant la porte de l'appartement !	Un magnifique appartement rue des Saints Pères en plein quartier de Saint Germain des Prés à proximité immédiate des quais. Sur une surface de 95 m2 vous serez en toute quietude avec des immenses fenêtres et sa belle hauteur sous plafond de 3M50. Un magnifique appartement rue des Saints Pères en plein quartier de Saint Germain des Prés à proximité immédiate des quais. Sur une surface de 95 m2 vous serez en toute quietude avec des immenses fenêtres et sa belle hauteur de 3M50 sous plafond.  Pour des balades en amoureux les nouveaux quais de Seine sont l'endroit où se rendre à Paris ! Le quartier de Saint Germain des Prés reste le quartier par excellence, ses librairies et ses fameux cafés Les deux Magots, Le cafe de Flore sont des endroits magiques qui traversent le temps sans prendre une ride. Il y a un arrêt de bus devant la porte de l'appartement ! Une proximité immédiate avec les quais pour des balades en amoureux les nouveaux quais de Seine sont l'endroit où se rendre à Paris ! Le 
3625	65m2 de confort et de raffinement…..chez moi mais….chez vous!	Au coeur de la Rive Gauche et de l'aristocratique Faubourg Saint Germain,ce pied à terre récemment totalement restructuré par un architecte de renom est le lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris ou se reposer lors d'un séjour professionnel. 65m2 de confort et de raffinement…..chez moi mais….chez vous!
3626		Superbe appartement au coeur du 7ème arrondissement de Paris entièrement rénové et refait à neuf en avril 2015.
3627	This lovely lovely 55 square meter, faux one-bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement, on the 1st French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer/dryer combo, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV, dish washer.  BUILDING  This clean, impeccable 70’s high-end building has come back in style with a retro chic, and is equipped with two Security codes, elevator/escalator and concierge/ building guardian with full-time office hours. 	Newly redone, modern, chic, light, calm and airy, 41 square meter, faux one-bedroom, one bath in one of best parts of Paris. 20th century building, equipped with : a Washer/dryer combo, unlimited high speed WiFi, Cable TV, dish washer.       This lovely lovely 55 square meter, faux one-bedroom, one bath apartment is located in the 6th arrondissement, on the 1st French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : a Washer/dryer combo, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV, dish washer.  BUILDING  This clean, impeccable 70’s high-end building has come back in style with a retro chic, and is equipped with two Security codes, elevator/escalator and concierge/ building guardian with full-time office hours. Interaction by email, as well as my assistant, Lesley, will meet you at the apartment, show you around and answer any questions you may still have. Area: Rive Gauche Sèvre Babylone. This apartment is located in the stylish and
3628		My apartment is located in a tiny street near the Eiffel Tower (5 min's walk). You are in the heart of Paris, close to the main momuments (Musée d'Orsay, Invalides...). The neighborhood is very quiet and calm.  There're a lot of small shops around. My apartment is very close to the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower (5 minute's walk). There are so many monuments and museums to see around. Hôtel des Invalides, French National Assembly, Musée d'Orsay École Militaire, Musée du quai Branly, Musée Rodin, Musée Maillol.  The apartment block is very pleasant, the neighborhood very quiet. It's located on the 2nd floor, there is a small courtyard garden.  The apartment is very quiet, the kitchen is well kitted out: baking tray, microwave, dishwasher, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine... There is also a wifi internet connection and a TV. - 5 minute's walk from the main metro station: Ecole Militaire (line 8) - RER C: Champs de Mars - Tour Eiffel - Bus 92: Bosquet - Grenelle - Bus 82: Eco
3629	This flat is typically parisian. 6 persons can stay in its 52 m2 and 3 rooms.You'll be able to walk to the eiffel tower and invalides in about 5 minutes. The metro station at about 2 minutes for the rest of the city. This flat has 3 rooms that are the same size. One has a proper double bed, the others have convertible bed/coach for 2 persons each. You'll be able to sleep very well and quietly in all rooms. The laundry washing machine could help family as well as the equiped kitchen.	This flat is typically parisian. 6 persons can stay in its 52 m2 and 3 rooms.You'll be able to walk to the eiffel tower and invalides in about 5 minutes. The metro station at about 2 minutes for the rest of the city. This flat is typically parisian. 6 persons can stay in its 52 m2 and 3 rooms.You'll be able to walk to the eiffel tower and invalides in about 5 minutes. The metro station at about 2 minutes for the rest of the city. This flat has 3 rooms that are the same size. One has a proper double bed, the others have convertible bed/coach for 2 persons each. You'll be able to sleep very well and quietly in all rooms. The laundry washing machine could help family as well as the equiped kitchen. You'll access the entire apartment with a kitchen, a bathroom, and the laundry washing machine. I won't be be with you in the flat, but living close to it. If you have any problem, i should be there as fast as possible. And if i have time, and we enjoy each others I would not refuse a nice coff
3630	This beautiful large one-bedroom, ground floor apartment has 12 foot ceilings, a skylight, and is in one Paris' most sought after and upscale neighbourhoods, Saint-Germain-Des-Pres, in the famed 7th Arrondissement. Whether you take advantage of the many cafes, restaurants and lounges, or the world-renowned shopping at the boutiques both off an on Saint-Germain, there's something for everyone right at your doorstep.  Chez Vous is only a five minute walk from the historic Musee d'Orsay and the beautiful River Seine, 10 minutes from Le Louvre and 100 meters to the stunning Basilique Sainte-Clotilde!  The apartment features a separate open-concept bedroom with full-size bed and two single beds and a couch in the living room - perfect for couples, families, or to share with friends! The unique open-concept design features the shower and a sink in the main bedroom and separate toilet-room just off of the living room. To make your stay as comfortable as possible, this suite is features an equ	Beautiful one-bedroom apartment in very sought after and exclusive saint-germain-des-pres neighbourhood. This beautiful large one-bedroom, ground floor apartment has 12 foot ceilings, a skylight, and is in one Paris' most sought after and upscale neighbourhoods, Saint-Germain-Des-Pres, in the famed 7th Arrondissement. Whether you take advantage of the many cafes, restaurants and lounges, or the world-renowned shopping at the boutiques both off an on Saint-Germain, there's something for everyone right at your doorstep.  Chez Vous is only a five minute walk from the historic Musee d'Orsay and the beautiful River Seine, 10 minutes from Le Louvre and 100 meters to the stunning Basilique Sainte-Clotilde!  The apartment features a separate open-concept bedroom with full-size bed and two single beds and a couch in the living room - perfect for couples, families, or to share with friends! The unique open-concept design features the shower and a sink in the main bedroom and separate toilet-room
3631	Cutest studio for your stay in Paris. Located right In front of the eiffel tower, in the heart of Paris.   5 minutes from the Musee du Quai Branly, neighbouring the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de Paris, the studio has an exceptional location. Ideal for a couple coming to enjoy some vacation and live in a typical Parisian lifestyle. Completely furnished and very nicely redecorated. -Bus station, metro and RER train 5 mns from the building, a direct line to the Chateau de Versailles.  -Champs Elysees direct by bus, Metro or 15 minutes walking. 3 Paris style cafe, Bakery and supermarket across the street. The studio is located in a beautiful 'pierre de taille' building in the very international and 'bourgeois' 7eme arrondissement Many typical French stores in the neighborhood, famous 'rue Cler' 5 mns away.  Post office, ATM, and Bank office right across the street too.	Great Studio located at 150m of the Eiffel Tower.  The neighborhood is residential and has a lot of stores near by. The Champ de Mars just a minute away, the Rue Saint Dominique with the best market.  The Champs Elysées just 15 minutes walking ! Cutest studio for your stay in Paris. Located right In front of the eiffel tower, in the heart of Paris.   5 minutes from the Musee du Quai Branly, neighbouring the Louvre and the Musée d’Orsay, a few minutes from the Grand and Petit Palais, the Palais de Tokyo and the Musée d’art moderne de la Ville de Paris, the studio has an exceptional location. Ideal for a couple coming to enjoy some vacation and live in a typical Parisian lifestyle. Completely furnished and very nicely redecorated. -Bus station, metro and RER train 5 mns from the building, a direct line to the Chateau de Versailles.  -Champs Elysees direct by bus, Metro or 15 minutes walking. 3 Paris style cafe, Bakery and supermarket across the street. The studio is located in a beautifu
3632	Seventeenth century building with digicode and intercom. Quiet and peaceful Paris vacation apartment looking onto a flowered courtyard. First floor Paris falt to rent of 310 sq.ft with an open kitchenette. The living room is equipped with a double bed, and a table and chairs for two people. The marble bathroom contains a combination bath/shower and a toilet. This is an excellent apartment to rent for your stay in Paris.	"A Paris apartment rental situated in a neighbourhood where the most famous names in fashion and design have their shops. This lovely apartment is located in a 17th century building in Paris. Seventeenth century building with digicode and intercom. Quiet and peaceful Paris vacation apartment looking onto a flowered courtyard. First floor Paris falt to rent of 310 sq.ft with an open kitchenette. The living room is equipped with a double bed, and a table and chairs for two people. The marble bathroom contains a combination bath/shower and a toilet. This is an excellent apartment to rent for your stay in Paris. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay if any question or needs Apartment rental in Paris located between Montparnasse and Saint Germain des Près, this charming ""pied à terre"" will seduce every shopping addict! The most famous names in fashion and design have their shops in the neighborhood. ""Le Bon Marché"" , the equivalent o"
3633	This studio of 27 ㎡ is on the 8th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for couples, friends, and business trips. This studio is located in the uppermost floor making it free from squeaking noise of the floor.  It can sleep 2 people comfortably with:2 single beds(90X190) which can be a double bed. 	2 single beds, 1 bath/WC, kitchen, sleeps up to 2.  Fully furnished studio apartment of 27 m2 in 7eme arrondissement, the apartment is located on the famous streer Saint Dominique and just steps from the eiffel tower. This studio of 27 ㎡ is on the 8th floor with an elevator, fully furnished, great natural light and is ideal for couples, friends, and business trips. This studio is located in the uppermost floor making it free from squeaking noise of the floor.  It can sleep 2 people comfortably with:2 single beds(90X190) which can be a double bed.  You will have full usage of all the equipments in the apartment during your stay. The apartment is fully equipped as followed: ・Bathroom : Bathtub, Hair dryer, towels(2 sizes big&medium), hand towels, bathroom mat, towel dryer, weight scale and toilet papers. ・Living room & Bedroom : 2 single beds with bedding, spare linens&towels, alarm clock, wardrobe with hangers, iron&ironing board, drying rack and safe, TV, DVD player, stereo, telephone(
3634	Libre pour une location tout le mois de juillet au prix de 3100€ ATTENTION: L'appartement complet n'est libre à la location que pour le mois de Juillet !	A flat for you, with three rooms, 6th floor, very clear, kitchen, bathroom, wc, free in july ONLY FOR THE WHOLE MONTH AT 3500 € .Beautiful old house. Very good district, near musée d'Orsay, Saint Germain des Prés, Tuileries, Louvre. Near bus, metro.  Libre pour une location tout le mois de juillet au prix de 3100€ ATTENTION: L'appartement complet n'est libre à la location que pour le mois de Juillet !
3635	Charming apartment, very sunny with lovely views in a beautiful area of Paris.	In one of the most beautiful district of Paris (7th) charming apartment with a living room, a dining room and two bedrooms with kitchen. Unobstructed views and sun. Charming apartment, very sunny with lovely views in a beautiful area of Paris. Just 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes by bus from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. The Louvre Museum and the Latin Quarter are less than 30 minutes by subway. You will find around the house all the shops you need and many nice restaurants. We would be interested in an exchange with an apartment or a house in San Francisco. Extremely pleasant and totally on. The subway is 100 meters away and you have many bus outside the house. You can do all your shopping on foot in typical Parisian boutiques. A 30 minute taxi ride from Orly airport and 50 minutes from Roissy airport. The apartment is located 100 meters from Ecole Militaire Metro station. We have a cat. Also the apartment is highly not recommended for people allergi
3636		This is a charming  45sqm apartment in the heart of prestigious and very animated La Motte Piquet Grenelle disctric, 5 minutes walking from Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Champ de Mars sites.
3637	Your period in Paris will be unforgettable, not just because of the city wonders, but also because your apartment will be just as fantastic. Welcome to the Beautiful and Stylish Saint Germain apartment! Walk with me through each room as we unveil its beauty. This 88-sqm property was entirely renovated just recently and it holds fine finishing thoroughly. Leave your shoes at the entrance hall and sense the warmth of the wooden flooring. The dining area, with its vintage-design table, talks to the modernly equipped kitchen in a symbiotic manner. To cook will amuse you and make you feel at home. After all, it's your home in Paris! The bathroom will provide you the royal comfort one seeks to crown a magnificent day wondering through the majestic Paris. The living room will fill your senses with joy, books and high technology. The bedrooms will provide a sound sleep, up to one couple in each bedroom. 	A refined apartment for refined guests. Placed steps away from the Saint-Germain-des-Prés Abbey, this two-bedroom apartment will delight your eyes and enrich your parisian experience. Your period in Paris will be unforgettable, not just because of the city wonders, but also because your apartment will be just as fantastic. Welcome to the Beautiful and Stylish Saint Germain apartment! Walk with me through each room as we unveil its beauty. This 88-sqm property was entirely renovated just recently and it holds fine finishing thoroughly. Leave your shoes at the entrance hall and sense the warmth of the wooden flooring. The dining area, with its vintage-design table, talks to the modernly equipped kitchen in a symbiotic manner. To cook will amuse you and make you feel at home. After all, it's your home in Paris! The bathroom will provide you the royal comfort one seeks to crown a magnificent day wondering through the majestic Paris. The living room will fill your senses with joy, books and
3638	VUE SUPERBE 	Deux chambres vue ; pour 3/ ou 4 lit d appoint 4 eme personne VUE SUPERBE Paris 7 près du métro et musée des invalides vue exceptionnelle et calme
3639	The apartment is located in a quiet building and offer a full view to the Eiffel Tower from the living room. It is just 1min away from Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, 5-minute walk from the subway (La Motte Piquet Grenelle). The apartment is conveniently situated between 2 neighborhoods (7th and 15th). Both charming and offering a large choice of restaurants and pubs.  Guests have their own private bedroom with shared access to the bathroom (bath tub), living room and fully equipped kitchen, with all plates, utensils, etc. All bed linen and towels are provided.	Enjoy a private room close to the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Beaugrenelle Mall. The apartment is located in a quiet building and offer a full view to the Eiffel Tower from the living room. It is just 1min away from Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, 5-minute walk from the subway (La Motte Piquet Grenelle). The apartment is conveniently situated between 2 neighborhoods (7th and 15th). Both charming and offering a large choice of restaurants and pubs.  Guests have their own private bedroom with shared access to the bathroom (bath tub), living room and fully equipped kitchen, with all plates, utensils, etc. All bed linen and towels are provided. Deposit: 500€
3640	"A charming one bedroom flat (27m2) on the 1st floor of a quiet building, overlooking a courtyard. Separated bedroom with a bed for 2 people, and a big love-seat ""relax"". Spacious kitchen fully equipped with a bar (fridge, freezer, washing machine, microwave,cooker).  Shower room with WC. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet with many green spots, the famous Eiffel Tower is 5 mins away. Metro station Ecole Militaire (on line 8) is only a few steps from the apartement, plus many buses stops that can drive you to any famous places within 15 minutes (Invalides, Notre Dame, Tuileries, Opéra, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Champs Elysées, Trocadéro...)"	"5 mins from Eiffel Tower, a charming one bedroom flat (27m2) on the 1st floor of a quiet building, overlooking a courtyard. A charming one bedroom flat (27m2) on the 1st floor of a quiet building, overlooking a courtyard. Separated bedroom with a bed for 2 people, and a big love-seat ""relax"". Spacious kitchen fully equipped with a bar (fridge, freezer, washing machine, microwave,cooker).  Shower room with WC. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet with many green spots, the famous Eiffel Tower is 5 mins away. Metro station Ecole Militaire (on line 8) is only a few steps from the apartement, plus many buses stops that can drive you to any famous places within 15 minutes (Invalides, Notre Dame, Tuileries, Opéra, Saint Germain, Saint Michel, Champs Elysées, Trocadéro...) Guests have access to the entire flat. I will welcome you for check in and come back for check out. And you can reach me by phone or email during your stay in case you need anything."
3641	Situé près des principaux monuments touristiques d'un des plus beaux quartiers de Paris. Linge de maison, wi-fi gratuit et capsules Nespresso dans un studio équipé. Le lit est un canapé lit pour 2 personnes. Je serai présent pour le check in et check out. La beauté de l'architecture et la proximité du métro, des commerces et des restaurants. Ligne 8 du métro ou bus 80, 92 et 82 Linge de maison, wi-fi gratuit et capsule Nespresso dans un studio équipé. Je serai présent pour le check in et check out. La beauté de l'architecture et la proximité du métro, des commerces et des restaurants. Ligne 8 du métro ou bus 80, 92 et 82	Small studio located in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, very quiet (4th floor courtyard overlooking the Eiffel Tower) and close to transports and the main tourist attractions.
3642	renting my studio  21 rue du gros caillou 75007 Paris next to park champ de mars 10 mins walk from metro( ecole militaire) one month 1000 euros ( water , electricite , , internet ,wifi) 23m2 , digi code,2nd floor with lift, open kitchen, sofe bed, bath tub ,tv , toilet and bathroom separated, ,,,,, deposition : see with owner for photos, plz mail me pay advanced before moved in  contact chiao: (phone number hidden)                            (email hidden)                            (website hidden) 	renting my studio  21 rue du gros caillou 75007 Paris next to park champ de mars 10 mins walk from metro( ecole militaire) one month 1000 euros ( water , electricite , , internet ,wifi) 23m2 , digi code,2nd floor renting my studio  21 rue du gros caillou 75007 Paris next to park champ de mars 10 mins walk from metro( ecole militaire) one month 1000 euros ( water , electricite , , internet ,wifi) 23m2 , digi code,2nd floor with lift, open kitchen, sofe bed, bath tub ,tv , toilet and bathroom separated, ,,,,, deposition : see with owner for photos, plz mail me pay advanced before moved in  contact chiao: (phone number hidden)                            (email hidden)                            (website hidden) 
3643	The apartment is very well equipped: refrigerator, hob, hood, microwave, dishwasher and washing machine. It includes TV, WiFi and also everything you need: Nespresso coffee machine , kettle and toaster. In your linens, towels of higher quality, bathrobes, hair dryer , iron and ironing board. WIFI CODE INSIDE THE APARTMENT AND WIFI CODE ON THE OUTSIDE WORK THROUGHOUT FRANCE . INCLUDES THE HOUSEHOLD OF THE APARTMENT ONCE A WEEK WITH CHANGE AND LAUNDRY OF LINEN AND TOWELS.	"Lovely new apartment on the first floor . You will be delighted to stay there for its unique location ,close to the Musée d'Orsay , Maillol, Rodin, Louvre. You will find every comfort. After a busy day, guests will enjoy a comfortable hotel bed 5*. The apartment is very well equipped: refrigerator, hob, hood, microwave, dishwasher and washing machine. It includes TV, WiFi and also everything you need: Nespresso coffee machine , kettle and toaster. In your linens, towels of higher quality, bathrobes, hair dryer , iron and ironing board. WIFI CODE INSIDE THE APARTMENT AND WIFI CODE ON THE OUTSIDE WORK THROUGHOUT FRANCE . INCLUDES THE HOUSEHOLD OF THE APARTMENT ONCE A WEEK WITH CHANGE AND LAUNDRY OF LINEN AND TOWELS. You will be delighted to stay in this nice neighborhood where you will find supermarket, better cheese in Paris and catering on the street. There are 2 steps rue du Bac ; "" Le Bon Marché"", ""L'épicerie fine de Paris"", one of the best pastry shop in Paris : ""La patisserie des r"
3644	Magnifique prestations intérieures  travaux très très bon standing	Beau et grand studio de 30m2 au cœur du quartier de l'avenue de Breteuil proche Bon Marché - Immeuble de bon standing, quartier agréable et calme tout en étant proche des monuments de Paris. Ce studio vous laissera de bon souvenir À très bientôt Magnifique prestations intérieures  travaux très très bon standing Je suis à votre disponibilité durant le séjour pour vous donner tout les bons plans du moment quartier musées boutiques et autres divertissements La proximité de tout Paris Métro bus taxi, autolib, vélib tout est au pied de l'immeuble
3645		Charmant 2 pièces, très lumineux et au calme. Proche du Champs de Mars et de l'animation de la rue Cler (rue piétonne, nombreux restaurants).   Nombreux transports à proximité, bus direct depuis la gare Montparnasse (15min).  Pas d'ascenceur : 2ème étage 1 grand lit 160x200 + matelas gonflabe disponible si besoin
3646		This flat is on the heart of Paris. On the art galleries steers if the 7' district. Just 1 block to river seine, louvres museum, orsay museum... By walk you can go easy to saint germain desires, Tuileries garden, champs élysées....
3647	This beautifully located property is on a 4th floor of a typical Parisian Building without elevator. Maximum for 3 guests. One double bed and a single sofa bed.	This is an unmissable property within walking distance of the iconic Tour Eiffel. This beautifully located property is on a 4th floor of a typical Parisian Building without elevator. Maximum for 3 guests. One double bed and a single sofa bed. The apartment is fully equipped with washing machine, dishwasher, microwave oven, double induction cooktop, refrigerator, iron, hairdryer, TV, DVD player, cable, radio/ CD and alarm clock. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance at an extra cost of €2,50 for bath towels and €1,50 for hand towels. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prep
3648	It is an 16 m² (172 sq ft) independent apartment ideally located to visit Paris on the last floor of a typical Parisian building fully renovated in 2015. It is furbished with a sofa bed, a table a wardrobe with large mirror doors, a small fully equipped small kitchen and a shower. It has a 26' TV and internet (wifi and cable).	Our appartment is closest to the Eiffel tower and easily connected to most touristic attractions such as Musée du Louvres or Musée d'Orsay but also to the shopping areas: Champs Elysées, Galeries Lafayette ... It is a typical Parisian stone building It is an 16 m² (172 sq ft) independent apartment ideally located to visit Paris on the last floor of a typical Parisian building fully renovated in 2015. It is furbished with a sofa bed, a table a wardrobe with large mirror doors, a small fully equipped small kitchen and a shower. It has a 26' TV and internet (wifi and cable). Independent access. with an intercom No elevator: you have to walk up to the 6th floor. We can help you with carrying your luggage. We will be happy to help you discover Paris if you have any question It is at the foot of the Eiffel tower (3 minute walk), in front of the Branly museum. Across the museum are the Seine river bank walk which can lead you to the Musée d'Orsay. Across the Seine river, you can walk through 
3649	Au pied de la tour effeil et des beaux quartiers avec bcp de restaurants et de commerces	Appartement de 35 m2 , rdc , comprenant 1 chambre lit 2 places ,  salon avec un canapé convertible ,cuisine américaine ,machine à laver , micro onde , table a manger pour 4 personnes machine à kf,  1 salle d'eau. Télé , internet , Tout refait à neuf au pied de la Tour Eiffel Au pied de la tour effeil et des beaux quartiers avec bcp de restaurants et de commerces Tour effeil , quartier de Paris à visiter absolument
3650		1bedroom apartment very near to Eiffel Tower. It is in very safe and nice location near seine river. It has one bed room, a living room, kitchen, bathroom and balcony.  The apartment is equipped with all furniture and kitchen utensils.  Fifth floor with elevator. Seine river at your doorstep!! Everything Feel free to contact anytime. Near metro 9 Alma Marceau and RER C  Pont de Alma
3651		Charming flat located  in the  center of Paris, in a pedestrian street ( rue cler ) with many shops, bakeries and restaurants.  The flat is at 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides, next to the tube station Ecole militaire. Many bus around to go to Champs Elisées, Opéra, Concorde, Madeleine, Montparnasse... The flat is composed of a separate bedroom with a double bed, a living room with an open kitchen fully equipped, cabled TV and Wifi, washing machine.
3652	Small but fully equipped and cosy place with great access to transports.	My small fully equipped 15m² apartment boasts huge soft bed, internet connection and a great Parisian student experience. But most importantly, you're less than 4min from three metro stations meaning you can get anywhere in no time. You will have full apartment to yourselves for your stay. Private toilet and shower served by a small hot water tank (heats up quickly). Kitchen corner for quick breakfast (with coffee machine working on capsules) but you also have everything you need to fix a simple dinner, but I would rather eat out - after all this is a city of 10 000 restaurants. And naturally, fresh towels and bedding will be supplied. You will be on your own in the apartment but I do stay in Paris so if you might need anything I will always be reachable for you. It's a great quiet area in the very heart of Paris. You have quite a few museums and the Invalides church (Napoleon!) in less than 20min by foot and every other point of interest can't take over 25 min to reach. (To give you a
3653	Very quiet place overlooking an interior courtyard	"Between the Invalides and the Eiffel tower, this 15m2 charming  fully equipped studio is perfect for a single person or a couple to enjoy Paris!    It is very bright and cosy at the 5th floor. Very quiet place overlooking an interior courtyard Access code 07A29 Contact Jessica (phone number hidden) Taxi, bus, metro  2 minutes By walk Near a supermarket ( Carrefour market), japanese restaurant down the building, sunny terrace at "" le café des officiers"", many brewery and trade ""rue Cler"""
3654		Appartement de 35 mètres carrés, quasi neuf, très bien situé, à 5 minutes à pied de la tour eiffel et des des invalides.
3655	L'appartement se situe au 1er étage, il n'y a pas d' ascenseur dans l'immeuble. Il se compose d'un beau salon éclairé par deux grandes fenêtres. Les fenêtres sont équipées de volets intérieurs en bois. Une belle cheminée, un canapé convertible qui peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un adulte.  Un bureau, une table de salle à manger et des fauteuils.  Une télévision avec des chaînes étrangères. Dans la chambre vous trouverez : - un lit double confortable en 160 cm, des placards, deux grandes fenêtres avec volets en bois, un joli écritoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, belle vaisselle. Une salle de bain avec fenêtre, équipée d'une douche et lavabo. Vous aurez l'internet haut débit dans tout l'appartement, nous vous fournissons des serviettes de toilettes et les lits sont préparés. Le quartier est très agréable pour des balades dans ses belles rues calmes, à pied vous rejoindrez la Seine, Saint Germain des près. Le métro Sèvres	Très bel appartement de 40m2 dans un bel immeuble du 17ème siècle, très confortable pour 2 personnes, lit d'appoint dans le salon. Décoration raffinée, meubles anciens, peintures. A deux pas du métro Sèvres Babylone et de Saint Germain des Près. L'appartement se situe au 1er étage, il n'y a pas d' ascenseur dans l'immeuble. Il se compose d'un beau salon éclairé par deux grandes fenêtres. Les fenêtres sont équipées de volets intérieurs en bois. Une belle cheminée, un canapé convertible qui peut servir de lit d'appoint pour un adulte.  Un bureau, une table de salle à manger et des fauteuils.  Une télévision avec des chaînes étrangères. Dans la chambre vous trouverez : - un lit double confortable en 160 cm, des placards, deux grandes fenêtres avec volets en bois, un joli écritoire. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge, belle vaisselle. Une salle de bain avec fenêtre, équipée d'une douche et lavabo. Vous aurez l'internet haut débit dans
3656	"The studio (just totally renovated) includes a main room, partially in double height (3m5O under ceiling = 11'6""), 2 big windows overlooking a pleasant courtyard, a well equipped kitchen (oven and microwave oven, electric cooktop, refrigerator, washing machine, barkeeper,  Nespresso coffee maker, toaster,  sofa and armchair, coffee table and round table for meal, cable TV, WIFI, and a mezzanine of 10m2, height under ceiling 1m78 (5'10""), big bed in 160 (5'10""). A small bathroom with shower and toilets in the ground floor. Iron and ironing board, vacuum cleaner. "	"Studio on courtyard, 22m2 + mezzanine 10m2, completely renovated, pleasant, very quiet, very well equipped, 2 people, just a step from the life in Paris, the Musées d'Orsay, Rodin, the ""Bon Marché"",  the Luxembourg garden, Saint Germain des Prés The studio (just totally renovated) includes a main room, partially in double height (3m5O under ceiling = 11'6""), 2 big windows overlooking a pleasant courtyard, a well equipped kitchen (oven and microwave oven, electric cooktop, refrigerator, washing machine, barkeeper,  Nespresso coffee maker, toaster,  sofa and armchair, coffee table and round table for meal, cable TV, WIFI, and a mezzanine of 10m2, height under ceiling 1m78 (5'10""), big bed in 160 (5'10""). A small bathroom with shower and toilets in the ground floor. Iron and ironing board, vacuum cleaner.  The apartment is located in a 18th century  building , containing 11 apartments all in all. To reach it, it is necessary to cross the entrance hall and to cross a second door which give"
3657	Very quiet area with garden, this is quite unique in the very centre of Paris.	Nice and cosy flat located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. Very famous location just near by the 6th as well. It is placed in the historical Oudinot Neighborhood  Very quiet area with garden, this is quite unique in the very centre of Paris. Télévision, cable, internet in the heart of the 7th arrondissement. Tube station, bus station just nearby
3658	Nice 2 rooms halfway Eiffel Tower-Invalides    Ideally located for visiting Paris, this beautiful 2 rooms is the perfect place for a successful stay.    This comfortable apartment on the 1st floor with elevator near the museums (Quai Branly, Orsay, Grand Palais, ...), places of attraction, restaurants, shops (rue Saint Dominique, Rue Cler, ...) you can explore on foot, by subway (2 minutes from the Invalides station), taxis and even ... in a carriage.    It has a room with a large closet, a living room with a very confortable sofa-bed, a kitchen and a bathroom (shower).    It is fully equipped and very well (new) with an oven, ceramic hob, dishwasher, washing machine, fridge with freezer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, blender and dry hair. It is also equipped with a HD TV station and internet access Wi Fi.    This lovely apartment is a perfect asset for a successful holiday in the capital.	Nice 2 rooms halfway Eiffel Tower-Invalides    Ideally located for visiting Paris, this beautiful 2 rooms is the perfect place for a successful stay.    This comfortable apartment on the 1st floor with elevator near the museums (Quai Branly, Orsay, Grand Palais, ...), places of attraction, restaurants, shops (rue Saint Dominique, Rue Cler, ...) you can explore on foot, by subway (2 minutes from the Invalides station), taxis and even ... in a carriage.    It has a room with a large closet, a living room with a very confortable sofa-bed, a kitchen and a bathroom (shower).    It is fully equipped and very well (new) with an oven, ceramic hob, dishwasher, washing machine, fridge with freezer, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, toaster, blender and dry hair. It is also equipped with a HD TV station and internet access Wi Fi.    This lovely apartment is a perfect asset for a successful holiday in the capital.
3659	Logement unique à Paris! Tres 	Logement unique à Paris! Situé dans le coeur de Paris, 7eme arrondissement, entre le palais des Invalides et la Tour Eiffel (champ de mars).  Le quartier offre plains des cafés, boutiques, supermarché, marché Bio. Bâtiment avec une jolie cour à l'intérieur et deux codes de sécurité. A 100m du metro: La Tour-Maubourg. Rer C: Invalides / Pont de l'alma Très proche de:  Trocadero, Champs Elysées, Musée d'Orsay, Grand Palais, Concorde, jardins des Tuileries.
3660	AMENTITIES: -Spacious open plan living, kitchen and dining area -Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom -Free high speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in the center of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire This charming apartment is located in the beautiful 7th arrondissement on the first floor of a secure, coded, residential apartment building without an elevator. Upon entering the apartment, you are greeted by the spacious living, kitchen and dining area. In the living area, you will find a comfortable sofa, which can be converted into a bed to accommodate a third guest. There is also a flat screen television with a mixture of English, French and other foreign language channels.  There is a dining table and four chairs where you can enjoy a delicious home cooked meal. The kitchen is also fully equipped for your stay - there is a 4-plate electric stove and oven, fridge/freezer, toaster, microwave, kettle; coffee machine and all of the utensils, crockery and cutlery y	40sqm, 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Open Living, Dining and Kitchen Area, Sleeps 4 AMENTITIES: -Spacious open plan living, kitchen and dining area -Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom -Free high speed WIFI and cable television -Peaceful and tranquil apartment in the center of Paris -METRO: Ecole Militaire This charming apartment is located in the beautiful 7th arrondissement on the first floor of a secure, coded, residential apartment building without an elevator. Upon entering the apartment, you are greeted by the spacious living, kitchen and dining area. In the living area, you will find a comfortable sofa, which can be converted into a bed to accommodate a third guest. There is also a flat screen television with a mixture of English, French and other foreign language channels.  There is a dining table and four chairs where you can enjoy a delicious home cooked meal. The kitchen is also fully equipped for your stay - there is a 4-plate electric stove and oven, fridge/freezer, toaster, micr
3661	Stay within close walking distance of Paris Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, Le Bon Marché and other major attractions. Quiet and safe residential neighborhood in the best part of the 7th arrondissement. Easy access across the capital with very close Metro stations (Ecole Militaire, Tour Maubourg, Invalides) and bus stops. The apartment is housed in a typical Parisian building. Clean, bright, comfortable and newly decorated our space is perfectly located for visiting all of major attractions and museums. The apartment has one bedroom, a comfortable living room with dining table, a separated kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a separated wc. You can be at the foot of the Eiffel Tower within 5 minutes of closing our door. You can walk to the Champs Elysées within 20 minutes and stroll in Le Marais within 15 minutes by bus. You will also find many of the best restaurants of Paris in the neighborhood (Christian Constant, l’Ami Jean, Jean-François Piège, Le Cinq, Ducasse…).  KEY FEATURES: * Pa	Stay within close walking distance of Paris Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, Le Bon Marché and other major attractions. Quiet and safe residential neighborhood in the best part of the 7th arrondissement. Stay within close walking distance of Paris Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, Le Bon Marché and other major attractions. Quiet and safe residential neighborhood in the best part of the 7th arrondissement. Easy access across the capital with very close Metro stations (Ecole Militaire, Tour Maubourg, Invalides) and bus stops. The apartment is housed in a typical Parisian building. Clean, bright, comfortable and newly decorated our space is perfectly located for visiting all of major attractions and museums. The apartment has one bedroom, a comfortable living room with dining table, a separated kitchen, a bathroom with shower and a separated wc. You can be at the foot of the Eiffel Tower within 5 minutes of closing our door. You can walk to the Champs Elysées within 20 minutes and stroll in Le Mar
3662		Appartement de 60 m2 , salon , 1 chambre , salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine equipee, wi fi et tv avec cable.
3663	Large 150m² apartment in a central location ideal for couples, families or groups of friends. This beautiful and bright accommodation with large windows and double balcony ideal for your breakfast under the Parisian sun is located on the 5th floor with elevator. We can olso propose you a parking spot (15 euro / night more). The apartment has three bedrooms. You have at your disposal: A double bed in a spacious and well decorated room with lots of storage. Two adult single beds located in a second room. Two children beds (up to 8 years) in a beautiful bright room A sofa bed In the large living room, where you will be able to relax, dine with your family or friends on a nice table made of wood. And you will have access to lots of storage space, a beautiful bookcase and everything you will need to enjoy your stay as a real parisian.  Regarding the multimedia tools you can use internet, WiFi, big screen TV, ... The kitchen is fully equipped, you will also have access to a beautiful bathroo	Beautiful nest of 150m² perfectly equipped.  Trendy area just across the square de la Tour Maubourg. Next to the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower, ...  Up to 6 people. Large 150m² apartment in a central location ideal for couples, families or groups of friends. This beautiful and bright accommodation with large windows and double balcony ideal for your breakfast under the Parisian sun is located on the 5th floor with elevator. We can olso propose you a parking spot (15 euro / night more). The apartment has three bedrooms. You have at your disposal: A double bed in a spacious and well decorated room with lots of storage. Two adult single beds located in a second room. Two children beds (up to 8 years) in a beautiful bright room A sofa bed In the large living room, where you will be able to relax, dine with your family or friends on a nice table made of wood. And you will have access to lots of storage space, a beautiful bookcase and everything you will need to enjoy your stay as a real paris
3664	Situé au cœur du quartier des Buttes Chaumont, notre appartement est perché au 7ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien. D'une superficie de 30m2, il est divisé en 2 pièces (chambre et salon) bénéficiant chacune d'un balconnet. Très lumineux et chaleureux la journée. La salle de bain bénéficie d'une baignoire et d'une fenêtre avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Cuisine séparée évitant les mauvaises odeurs dans l'appartement.	T2 lumineux aux pieds du Parc des Buttes-Chaumont (mairie du 19ème) situé au 7ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble années 30. Idéal pour  2 personnes. Proche métro, commerces, restaurants.. Situé au cœur du quartier des Buttes Chaumont, notre appartement est perché au 7ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien. D'une superficie de 30m2, il est divisé en 2 pièces (chambre et salon) bénéficiant chacune d'un balconnet. Très lumineux et chaleureux la journée. La salle de bain bénéficie d'une baignoire et d'une fenêtre avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Cuisine séparée évitant les mauvaises odeurs dans l'appartement. Le quartier des Buttes Chaumont est un quartier convivial typiquement parisien et résidentiel. Le parc est l'un des plus beaux de Paris, idéal pour se promener ou faire du sport. Le canal de l'Ourcq est à 1 station de métro ou une quinzaine de minutes à pied (bars, péniches, cinémas..) tout comme le Parc de la Villette : salles de concert, Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, disco
3665		Appartement typiquement parisien, à 2 pas des Buttes Chaumont, tout équipé, proche tous commerces, 1 chambre séparée. 30m2 S'ils le souhaitent Les Buttes Chaumont, le canal... Metro ligne 5
3666		Deux pièces à côté du parc des Buttes Chaumont, avec cuisine équipée et salle de bain. Séjour très agréable et une grande chambre confortable : un canapé lit pour 2 personnes et deux lits superposés. Vue jardin Commerçants et transports à proximité. 
3667	Independent room available in my apartment. The room can host two people. Near the parc of Buttes Chaumont and Canal de l'Ourcq. Close to metro Ourcq (l.5), Botzaris (l.7 bis), Place des fêtes (l.11) The apartment is cozy, 3 bedroom with a large kitchen, bathroom and toilets. The bedroom has a double bed. It is on the first floor of a quiet building. - Wifi - Everything you need to cook - Bathroom - Washing machine / dryer - Cupboard - TV - Metro Ourcq (l.5) - Metro Botzaris (l.7 bis) - Metro Place des fêtes (l.11)  - Vélib	Independent room available in a fully equipped apartment. The room can host two people. Near Buttes Chaumont and Canal de l'Ourcq. Nearby metro Ourcq (l.5), Botzaris (l.7 bis), Place des fêtes (l.11) Independent room available in my apartment. The room can host two people. Near the parc of Buttes Chaumont and Canal de l'Ourcq. Close to metro Ourcq (l.5), Botzaris (l.7 bis), Place des fêtes (l.11) The apartment is cozy, 3 bedroom with a large kitchen, bathroom and toilets. The bedroom has a double bed. It is on the first floor of a quiet building. - Wifi - Everything you need to cook - Bathroom - Washing machine / dryer - Cupboard - TV - Metro Ourcq (l.5) - Metro Botzaris (l.7 bis) - Metro Place des fêtes (l.11)  - Vélib - wifi - tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner : frigo, plaques, four, grands plan de travail etc. - salle de bain - machine à laver / sèche linge - placard de rangement - télévision  - Métro Ourcq (l.5) - Métro Botzaris (l.7 bis) - Métro Place des fêtes (l.11)  - Vélib
3668	Enjoy a nice, spacious and quiet room, in the 19th district of Paris . The apartment of 49m2 has a big balcony, the room has a comfortable bed for 2 persons. The apartment is very quiet and all the neighbors are friendly.	We are a young married couple in a nice flat of 50m2 in Paris - Buttes Chaumont.  You will stay in a comfortable room with a double bed. It is perfect for couple or single person.  You will have access to full equipment in a quiet and great area Enjoy a nice, spacious and quiet room, in the 19th district of Paris . The apartment of 49m2 has a big balcony, the room has a comfortable bed for 2 persons. The apartment is very quiet and all the neighbors are friendly. You will have access to all the parts of the apartment, the balcony, the kitchen, bathroom/toilets ... Easy to find a place for cars. We are at the second floor with an elevator. We offered our couch for Couhsurfing during many years so we are used to share with our guests.  It will be a pleasure to help you during your visit in the beautiful city of Paris. If you prefer to stay alone we will be more discret ! We also offer you a Map of Paris, plan of Metro and a Guide of the city.  The district is perfect, you are close to al
3669	Chambre spacieuse et confortable. Tranquillité. Internet fluide. Salle de bain et toilette individuelles.	Dans l'enceinte d'un beau duplex, grande chambre avec lit deux places et rangements. Accès à une douche et des WC privés. Au pied des Buttes Chaumont, près de La Villette, proche des gares du Nord et de l'Est et à 20' du centre. Chambre spacieuse et confortable. Tranquillité. Internet fluide. Salle de bain et toilette individuelles. Accès au premier niveau du duplex, soit: chambre et salle de bain personnelles.  Discrétion, respect de l'intimité de chacun, et convivialité. Beau Parc (le plus grand de Paris), commerces et toutes commodités à proximité, marché, métro et bus  -Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est-, Canal St Martin, Parc de La Villette. Métro Laumière, ligne 5. Bus (phone number hidden). Station de Vélib au pied de l'immeuble.
3670	Very calm, quiet and bright. You will feel like home here!	Room closed by curtains (about 12m2). Access to a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom. Very bright and calm apartment and neighborhood! You're welcome! :) Very calm, quiet and bright. You will feel like home here! The room will be only for you, and then in common, a kitchen, a living room, a bathroom and a balcony. We will be available if you need help or advices in Paris, before and during your trip. It's up to you! Close to the Buttes Chaumont (biggest parc in Paris) with inside a nice place to stay (Rosa Bonheur), a lot of local commerces (bakery,  butchery, florist, mini markets and little burger restaurants). Near Ourcq you can access to a lot of restaurants and bars. Metro : 7bis (Botzaris), 4 minutes walking 5 (Ourcq), 9 minutes walking descent 11 (Place des Fêtes), 10 minutes walking ascent Tramway : T3A (Butte du Chapeau Rouge) - 10 minutes Bus :  60 (Manin) If needed, it is possible to put a third bed in the room, the couch can also be changed in a bed. So, if it is needed,
3671	A deux pas du Parc des buttes Chaumont, dans le 19e arrondissement de Paris, à proximité du métro Laumière (ligne 5), studio meublé, tout confort, lumineux, avec balcon.  Le studio comprend une cuisine séparée équipée ainsi qu’une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, séparée.  La pièce principale, baignée de soleil, comprend un canapé-lit dépliant, plusieurs étagères, une connexion Internet haut débit.  	A deux pas du Parc des buttes Chaumont, dans le 19e arrondissement de Paris, à proximité du métro Laumière (ligne 5), studio meublé, tout confort, lumineux, avec balcon.  Le studio comprend une cuisine séparée équipée ainsi qu’une grande salle de bain avec baignoire et WC, séparée.  La pièce principale, baignée de soleil, comprend un canapé-lit dépliant, plusieurs étagères, une connexion Internet haut débit.  
3672	IDEAL to visit Paris center and subway 50m by remaining in the green thanks to the park, 25min Champs Elysées, 15 min of Opera and Gallery Lafayette, 25min Champs Elysées,7min Republique and Bastille Big crossing apartment 130m ² high status, sun, light, peace...  There are 3 rooms(chambers) with 2 sdb and 2 toilets sun I rent(praise) A ROOM(CHAMBER) REDONE FOR 15m ² peace looking onto own garden in 8 ° with PORCH without face to face with sun in the morning +internet wifi+téléphone unlimited for mobile(portable) +Salle of shower + TOILETS Many arrangements very pleasant to live blog photos: Roomtorentparis.blogspot fr Photographer / director / webmester Belgian / magnet cooks her(it) and to discuss....  I can talk you about Paris and visiting documentation! In luxury residence with terrace on the park of the Buttes Chaumont with a view of all Paris and Eiffel Tower  Great cuisine(Large kitchen) 22 m2 quite équipée+machine has to wash and hairdryer  Big stay 45 m2 with TV and cinema ch	IDEAL to visit Paris center and subway 50m by remaining in the green thanks to the park, 25min Champs Elysées, 15 min of Opera and Gallery Lafayette, 25min Champs Elysées,7min Republique and Bastille Big crossing apartment 130m ² high status, sun, light, peace...  There are 3 rooms(chambers) with 2 sdb and 2 toilets sun I rent(praise) A ROOM(CHAMBER) REDONE FOR 15m ² peace looking onto own garden in 8 ° with PORCH without face to face with sun in the morning +internet wifi+téléphone unlimited for mobile(portable) +Salle of shower + TOILETS Many arrangements very pleasant to live blog photos: Roomtorentparis.blogspot fr Photographer / director / webmester Belgian / magnet cooks her(it) and to discuss....  I can talk you about Paris and visiting documentation! In luxury residence with terrace on the park of the Buttes Chaumont with a view of all Paris and Eiffel Tower  Great cuisine(Large kitchen) 22 m2 quite équipée+machine has to wash and hairdryer  Big stay 45 m2 with TV and cinema ch
3673	This lovely room has all the amenities for a stay in Paris for one or two person. She has two single bed, cupboard available and a large desk. The bathroom and kitchen are shared. We will prepare the bed before your arrival providing the sheets every morning we also prepare a breakfast of French with fresh bread, croissants, jam and accompanied by salted butter caramel homemade and tea / coffee / chocolate / milk / orange juice, you can take a view of the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, to start your day! We will gladly exchange, share our knowledge, our great deals on Paris and its wonders and are always curious to discover a country or region through anyone. Located between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Canal ourcq you will find the tranquility you need while having close to many shops, bars, restaurants, outdoor activities in the channel ... We are also well served by several bus and subway located two steps away from the apartment and you will reach the center of Paris in less than 30	This lovely room has all the amenities for a stay in Paris for one or two person. She has two single bed, cupboard available and a large desk. The bathroom and kitchen are shared. We will prepare the bed before your arrival providing the sheets every morning we also prepare a breakfast of French with fresh bread, croissants, jam and accompanied by salted butter caramel homemade and tea / coffee / chocolate / milk / orange juice, you can take a view of the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, to start your day! We will gladly exchange, share our knowledge, our great deals on Paris and its wonders and are always curious to discover a country or region through anyone. Located between the Parc des Buttes Chaumont and Canal ourcq you will find the tranquility you need while having close to many shops, bars, restaurants, outdoor activities in the channel ... We are also well served by several bus and subway located two steps away from the apartment and you will reach the center of Paris in less than 30
3674		À deux pas du plus beau parc de Paris. Très jolie chambre dans un appartement donnant sur une cour intérieure verte et calme.  Vieux parquet, grande salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine, toilettes séparées. Très charmant et lumineux !
3675	  Metro : 11 et 7bis   Bus : 26    Velib : bikes to rent, provided by la Ville de Paris   We are close to some places to visit :  - Chatelet : 10 min  - Les champs Elysées : 20 min  - Canal St Martin : 15 min  - Moulin Rouge : 20 min  You can go by foot to visit place Edith piaf and Buttes chaumont  And close to many restaurants (japonaise restaurant, italian restaurant,Indian restaurant etc.).  No smoking inside the flat, but you can smoke in the nice building garden ...	  Metro : 11 et 7bis   Bus : 26    Velib : bikes to rent, provided by la Ville de Paris   We are close to some places to visit :  - Chatelet : 10 min  - Les champs Elysées : 20 min  - Canal St Martin : 15 min  - Moulin Rouge : 20 min  You can go by foot to visit place Edith piaf and Buttes chaumont  And close to many restaurants (japonaise restaurant, italian restaurant,Indian restaurant etc.).  No smoking inside the flat, but you can smoke in the nice building garden ... You can use wash machine. You can use also the kitchen (refrigerator, toaster, oven, hob, mixer, etc.). We have futon blanket and pillows (goose feathers).  We have Internet and Wi-Fi of course. My wife is in love with Paris and she'll love to give you a lot of advices on famous or ignored places (according to your choices ;-) to visit to make your trip unforgetable ! We'll be happy to host any kind of nationality to sympathize and receive advices to visit your country.
3676	Very nice and cosy appartment close to the Park of Buttes Chaumon You will have access to: - The room - The kitchen - Living Room - Bathroom / Toilet  	Great space & energy in this apartment! You will share it with Arthur, 27 year-old man, architect, good cook, very respectful with girls :) Charming mezzanine room, full equipped kitchen, bathroom with bath, great view on Parc des Buttes Chaumont!  Very nice and cosy appartment close to the Park of Buttes Chaumon You will have access to: - The room - The kitchen - Living Room - Bathroom / Toilet  One of the nicest parisian neighborhood ! Parc des Buttes Chaumont is the most romantic and beautiful of Paris. Big supermarket nearby. Public transportation : Metro Stations : Botzaris (l. 7bis) and Jourdain (l. 11).  Bus 26, 48, 60 Warm welcoming and always here to reply the best to your questions. the best neighborhood ! Parc des Buttes Chaumont is the most romantic and beautiful of Paris. Big supermarket nearby. Public transportation : Metro Stations : Botzaris (l. 7bis) and Jourdain (l. 11).  Bus 26, 48, 60
3677		Nice bedroom in a nice flat, next to the Buttes Chaumont park. Lovely neighborhood. The apartment is shared with Alban, really kind boy, english, spanish and frenck speaker. Free access to the kitchen Perfect place to discover Paris !
3678	You are coming in Paris to learn and speak French, isn't it? 	Ce petit studio tout équipé avec entrée privative se situe dans un environnement extrêmement calme et verdoyant, à un quart d'heure du Châtelet. You are coming in Paris to learn and speak French, isn't it?  En plus du studio, les voyageurs peuvent profiter du petit espace extérieur devant les deux fenêtres qui est présenté dans les photos, pour autant que le calme de la cour soit respecté et que les autres habitants de l'immeuble ne soient pas dérangés.   Le studio est totalement indépendant et non fumeur. Le studio est tout-à-fait indépendant.  Le quartier est merveilleux parce que c'est encore un vrai quartier populaire de Paris, où s'entremêlent l'habitat le travail et le commerce.  Il est très central : le métro Jourdain, à 5 minutes du studio,  dessert le Châtelet en 1/4 d'heure, et les bus 26 ou 48 conduisent aussi en 1/4 d'heure à la Gare du Nord d'où l'on peut prendre le RER pour Charles de Gaule et pour des tas de destinations.  Mais le charme du quartier vient de ce qu'il est
3679	Elegant 3-bedrooms Parisian flat (63 sqm) with all the amenities We hope you will feel at home  The bedrooms are described in the pics. We can provide you baby equipements (cot, chair, stroller, bathtub) on request  Sheets, duvets, towals (not ironed ...) available Shampu/shower gel, soap available Building with elevator         	Welcome to your apartement in Paris. All the comfort available (elevator, balcony, parking, 3 bedrooms, expresso). 5 min from 2 great Parisian Parks  (Buttes Chaumont and La Vilette), 20 min from the touristic center. Available until july Elegant 3-bedrooms Parisian flat (63 sqm) with all the amenities We hope you will feel at home  The bedrooms are described in the pics. We can provide you baby equipements (cot, chair, stroller, bathtub) on request  Sheets, duvets, towals (not ironed ...) available Shampu/shower gel, soap available Building with elevator          The entire place is at your disposal. Please take a look at the pictures :) If I am in Paris at the moment you come to visit, I will be happy to offer a coffee at your arrival and departure. And I will of course be available at other moments if you need some help This is one of the greenest neighborhoods in Paris. The public swimming pool just around the corner is a real asset during the summer and is also open during the col
3680		Appartement 2 pièces 33 mètres2, il est situé au 1er étages au fond d'une petite cour. Il dispose de 3 fenêtres, il est très lumineux.  L' appartement est à 20 mètres des buttes Chaumonts. Il se situe à 15 minutes du centre de Paris. 
3681	vue magnifique sur le sacré coeur	A 20 mètres du parc des buttes chaumont. duplex très calme. Vues magnifiques. balcon sans aucun vis à vis. cuisine américaine avec grand salon au dernier étage. Un vrai canapé lit se trouve dans le salon. 4 couchages adultes. Une chambre pour enfant. vue magnifique sur le sacré coeur vous aurez accès à toutes les parties du logement
3682	Nice residence overlooking a leafy courtyard.	Hello, I rent my apartment from 14.08 to 13.09. it's a nice Studio of 27m2, fully equipped (bathroom with bath, small kitchen and nice terrace where it makes good dinner). Close to the Buttes Chaumont, Villette and the Canal St Martin Nice residence overlooking a leafy courtyard. Well serviced apartment. Underground station: Ourcq (line 5: bring in Chinatown: Place d'Italie) and Place des fêtes (line 11 will take you to Châtelet) or Botzaris (line 7bis) The 75 bus (chatelet ) is at the foot of the building. the 60 bus (which will take you to Montmartre, or Menillemontant and the flea market of Clignancourt ) You will discover the most typical Parisian districts The 19th is a popular area with its markets (Place des Fêtes Friday and sunday). It is one of the two most beautiful parks in Paris: Buttes Chaumont (festival silhouette), the Parc de la Villette (many free or internationally renowned festival) which hosts among other Science City, the geode and Philharmonic) and gives on the ba
3683	district with shops. 10 minutes from central Paris (Chatelet) by subway.	4-room (three bedrooms : one whith a double bed, two with single bed), a large lounge, a fully equipped kitchen, one bathroom, one shower room, toilet room, balconies. district with shops. 10 minutes from central Paris (Chatelet) by subway. supermarket in front of the residential building, two minutes walking from Buttes Chaumont's park. subway and buses at five minutes walking. bars and restaurants for the keys lively area, typical parisian. by subway : line 11 station Pyrenees or Jourdain ; line 7 bis station Buttes Chaumont or Botzaris. By buses : lines 60, 48, 26. very bright apartmant, 6th floor, with (website hidden).
3684	"The studio is located in the rue de la Villette, the small ""hit street"" of 19e arrondissement, with its trendy shops, authentic cafes and very welcoming merchants. The proximity of the park (150 meters) makes the stay even more enjoyable: walking, jogging, free chi qong courses, and the legendary Rosa Bonheur for brunch or a drink surrounded by the trees."	"Studio 2nd floor, quiet, renovated, ideal for 2 people. Park entrance Buttes Chaumont (Rosa Bonheur bar and metro Botzaris), in the street of La Villette, very nice, with many shops and cafes. Rue de Belleville and Jourdain 5 '. The studio is located in the rue de la Villette, the small ""hit street"" of 19e arrondissement, with its trendy shops, authentic cafes and very welcoming merchants. The proximity of the park (150 meters) makes the stay even more enjoyable: walking, jogging, free chi qong courses, and the legendary Rosa Bonheur for brunch or a drink surrounded by the trees. The studio has a kitchen with hob, fridge; a very comfortable sofa bed and a nice shower. The toilets are private, on the landing just in front of the door. Living in rue de la Villette for 1 year, it is with pleasure that I welcome visitors and offer them, according to their wishes, a discovery of the nearby neighborhood. Rue de la Villette and in general, the area which is at the top of the Buttes Chaumont p"
3685	NOTRE APPARTEMENT DE 57 M² EST EQUIPE POUR RECEVOIR 2 PERSONNES. LES FENETRE DONNENT SUR UNE RUE PIETONNE ET SUR LES ARBRES. IL EST TRES CALME ET LUMINEUX. 	A 100 M DU PARC DES BUTTES CHAUMONT LUMINEUX, DANS IMMEUBLE RECENT AU 1ER ETAGE AVEC ASCENCEUR. TRES BIEN DESERVIT, A 11 MINUTES DU CENTRE DE PARIS AVEC LE METRO. AINSI QUE LES BUS POUR LES DIFFERENTES GARES. QUARTIER COMMERCANT ET ANIME NOTRE APPARTEMENT DE 57 M² EST EQUIPE POUR RECEVOIR 2 PERSONNES. LES FENETRE DONNENT SUR UNE RUE PIETONNE ET SUR LES ARBRES. IL EST TRES CALME ET LUMINEUX.  L'APPARTEMENT EST ENTIEREMENT LE VOTRE. ELECTROMENAGER A DISPOSITION TV EGALEMENT DANS LA CHAMBRE.NOUS VOUS DEMANDONS DE NE PAS FUMER A L'INTERIEUR NOUS PROPOSONS NOTRE APPARTEMENT LORSQUE NOUS PARTONS EN VACANCES. NOUS SERONS DONC TRIBUTAIRES DE NOTRE DEPART EN TRAIN OU AVION POUR ACCEUILLIR NOS VOYAGEURS  QUARTIER VIVANT ET ANIME. LE PARC EST A 100 METRES ET TRES APPRECIABLE POUR LA BALLADE. DE NOMBREUX CAFES,RESTAURANTS AUX ALENTOURS.  LES COMMERCES OUVRENT TARDS DANS LE QUARTIER, LES RUES PAVEES TYPIQUES DU VIEUX PARIS LES STATIONS DE METRO AUX ALENTOURS SONT A EGALES DISTANCES ET VOUS AVEZ LE 
3686	"Je vous propose mon appartement aux buttes-Chaumont, à 100m du plus grand parc parisien. Il est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble sécurisé, très calme dans une rue piétonne et donnant sur jardin. Ce nid douillet de 50m2 est entouré d'un confortable balcon de 12m2 avec vue dégagée sur Paris (La Géode, parc de la Villette). A 5 min des métros ""Jourdain"", ""Buttes-Chaumont"" et ""Botzaris, à 4 stations de République, 8 de Châtelet, à 15 min des grands magasins, donc tout Paris est à votre porte !!! De plus, côté pratique, un supermarché est en bas de l'immeuble ainsi que divers restaurants.  Vous êtes à 5 min du quartier très commerçant de ""Belleville"" avec son ambiance typiquement parisienne. Je mets à votre disposition tout mon confort: -une vraie cuisine très très équipée... -un salon avec wifi, télé, chaîne HIFI... -une salle de bain avec baignoire, sèche-cheveux simple et sèche-cheveux pour brushing, tout comme à la maison mesdemoiselles et mesdames !! Avec linge de maiso"	"Calme, clair, confortable et bien placé pour transports, commerces et le plus grand parc de Paris...voir détails et commentaires...  Je vous propose mon appartement aux buttes-Chaumont, à 100m du plus grand parc parisien. Il est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble sécurisé, très calme dans une rue piétonne et donnant sur jardin. Ce nid douillet de 50m2 est entouré d'un confortable balcon de 12m2 avec vue dégagée sur Paris (La Géode, parc de la Villette). A 5 min des métros ""Jourdain"", ""Buttes-Chaumont"" et ""Botzaris, à 4 stations de République, 8 de Châtelet, à 15 min des grands magasins, donc tout Paris est à votre porte !!! De plus, côté pratique, un supermarché est en bas de l'immeuble ainsi que divers restaurants.  Vous êtes à 5 min du quartier très commerçant de ""Belleville"" avec son ambiance typiquement parisienne. Je mets à votre disposition tout mon confort: -une vraie cuisine très très équipée... -un salon avec wifi, télé, chaîne HIFI... -une salle de bain avec bai"
3687	Bel appartement entièrement rénové de 35m2 situé Aux Buttes Chaumont dans le 19 ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement est pourvu d'un très joli parquet ancien en chêne massif et de moulures traditionnelles lui procurant un charme typiquement parisien.  Il est composé de 2 pièces principales communicantes desservies par un couloir.  Un salon lumineux avec un canapé fixe de 3 places, une table basse, une table, deux chaises et un fauteuil, le tout contemporain, une TV neuve écran plat au mur et une chaîne-hifi.  Une jolie chambre chic  avec un lit en 140 cm x 190 cm, confortable et de bonne qualité, une grande tête de lit, 2 chevets avec lampes. De l'autre côté desservi par un couloir un grand dressing avec cintres, étagères et grand meuble chaussures. Une petite salle de bains avec grande douche carrelée, un lavabo moderne  et un grand miroir. Une cuisine séparée entièrement équipée avec  réfrigérateur et congélateur, un four classique, 2 plaques vitro-céramiques, un toaster, une b	Je vous propose cet appartement typiquement Haussmannien de 35 m2 avec  moulures et parquets anciens. Idéal pour un séjour parisien son décor est contemporain dans les tonalités de blanc, gris et noir. Bel appartement entièrement rénové de 35m2 situé Aux Buttes Chaumont dans le 19 ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement est pourvu d'un très joli parquet ancien en chêne massif et de moulures traditionnelles lui procurant un charme typiquement parisien.  Il est composé de 2 pièces principales communicantes desservies par un couloir.  Un salon lumineux avec un canapé fixe de 3 places, une table basse, une table, deux chaises et un fauteuil, le tout contemporain, une TV neuve écran plat au mur et une chaîne-hifi.  Une jolie chambre chic  avec un lit en 140 cm x 190 cm, confortable et de bonne qualité, une grande tête de lit, 2 chevets avec lampes. De l'autre côté desservi par un couloir un grand dressing avec cintres, étagères et grand meuble chaussures. Une petite salle de bains avec g
3688	Belle hauteur de plafond environ 3 mètres,  3 grandes fenêtres, parquet, salle de bain entièrement carrelée. Pièce principale octoganale	Belle hauteur de plafond environ 3 mètres,  3 grandes fenêtres, parquet, salle de bain entièrement carrelée. Pièce principale octoganale station Vélib' et voitures électriques à proximité rue Botzaris. 2 cinémas au Bassin de la Villette  Le 104, lieu artistique et culturelle avec une programmation très variée danse, théâtre, musique, installation plastique  avec performances + restaurant à l'intérieur.  Accueil à l'arrivée et au départ pour établir un  lien et une communication sur les besoins spécifiques de chacun.  Lieu de métissage culturel  et très dynamique tout en offrant  un calme grâce au Parc des Buttes Chaumont  très relaxant et aussi avec ses  2 restaurants : Rosa Bonheur et Restaurant  le Lac  2 stations de métro Jourdain et Buttes Chaumont à proximité  ainsi que des lignes de Bus pour se rendre vers les différentes gares et aéroports  L'appartement entier est mis à disposition uniquement pour le ou les voyageurs.  Un  accueil de 30 mn à 1 heure est prévu à chaque Locataire
3689	“Paris Simpa” Accommodation : - This is a one bedroom flat, 40m2, 100m away from the beautiful Buttes Chaumont garden ; - Situated on the second floor (staircase only) in a quiet street, this modestly furnished flat will allow you to enjoy Paris on a low accommodation budget ; - The bedroom is fitted with a cosy double bed (140 cm wide), wardrobe and bookshelf, while the lounge offers extra sleeping possibility with a sofa bed (140 cm wide) and an eating area with table and chair ; - Off the lounge is a kitchenette area with built in fridge, sink and electric hob ; - The bathroom is fitted with a bath/shower and the toilet is separate.	This is a one bedroom flat, 40m2, 100m away from the beautiful Buttes Chaumont garden Situated on the second floor (staircase only) in a quiet street, this modestly furnished flat will allow you to enjoy Paris on a low accommodation budget. “Paris Simpa” Accommodation : - This is a one bedroom flat, 40m2, 100m away from the beautiful Buttes Chaumont garden ; - Situated on the second floor (staircase only) in a quiet street, this modestly furnished flat will allow you to enjoy Paris on a low accommodation budget ; - The bedroom is fitted with a cosy double bed (140 cm wide), wardrobe and bookshelf, while the lounge offers extra sleeping possibility with a sofa bed (140 cm wide) and an eating area with table and chair ; - Off the lounge is a kitchenette area with built in fridge, sink and electric hob ; - The bathroom is fitted with a bath/shower and the toilet is separate. “Paris Simpa” offers : - Free WiFi ; - HiFi equipment to play the radio or CDs (no TV) ; - Phone landline allowing 
3690	Simple and rational studio that can accommodate up to 4 persons. With bathroom and small kitchen. Nice and very quiet place with a working space, reading and meditation space. 	A fully equiped studio of 28m² with the Buttes Chaumont, the most romantique parisian parc, at the end of the street. On top of one of today's most popular neighborhood. Simple and rational studio that can accommodate up to 4 persons. With bathroom and small kitchen. Nice and very quiet place with a working space, reading and meditation space.  When not travelling myself, I am always very glad to welcome travelers and share the best address and last events in town. While I'm away my friend Guillaume will welcome you and do his best to inform you about the neighborhood opportunities.  Running around the park, reading or napping on one of its huge grass slop or meeting friends in Rosa Bonheur café are all “must” in this part of Paris. Located above Belleville, one of the most popular neighborhood where a melting pot of cultures is reinventing every day its kaleidoscope of cuisine, colors, music and odors, it is definitively one of the best place to taste all kinds of food and humor at ve
3691	Artist apartment situated in the 3rd floor.	Atypical 40 square meter apartment for up to 4 people. You will be 2 steps of the largest parks in Paris, the Parc de la Villette and Buttes Chaumont Park . Ideally served : Metro line 5 and 7a and the Tramway 3b. Artist apartment situated in the 3rd floor. - Cooking Plate - Oven - Refrigerator - Shower and WC - Washing Machine - Wifi We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the keys. The borough is home to two of the largest parks in Paris, the Parc de la Villette (the first ) and the Buttes Chaumont Park (the third , the second being the Tuileries Gardens ) . At street level the Crimea, under the single lift bridge in Paris, the Ourcq Canal flows into the Bassin de la Villette , which communicates with the Canal Saint-Martin (10th arrondissement). There still Darse Fond du Rouvray , the smallest channel Paris (250 m) , located on the edge of Parc de la Villette and crossed by Adolphe -Mille street. squares : • Square Butte du Chapeau-Rouge , Algeria Blvd. • Square Boli
3692	We are a young, professional couple (I'm American, from San Francisco, my girlfriend is French - on parle français si vous voulez!) who live in central Paris (not suburbs!), just next to the park Les Buttes Chaumont (the most beautiful park in Paris!). We even have a view of the park from our windows.  With the metro just down the street only 2 minutes on foot, you'll be right in the center of Paris (Châtelet, the Louvre, Hotel de Ville, the Marais, shopping...) in a few 8 minutes! (Just 3 Metro stops to Gare du Nord, 4 to Gare de l'Est, 6 to République - all direct without changing lines! 20 minutes to the Marais, 20 to the Louvre). You'll have easy access to the park for a bit of fresh air and a break from the hustle and bustle of the city; shops, supermarkets, cafes, bars, etc all within a block of our place.  You can contact us for a map with a few useful things near our apartment and for videos of our place. The apartment itself is a typical Parisian 40 square meter/430sqft one be	We are a young, professional couple (I'm American, from San Francisco, my girlfriend is French - on parle français si vous voulez!) who live in central Paris (not suburbs!), just next to the park Les Buttes Chaumont (the most beautiful park in Paris!). We even have a view of the park from our windows.  With the metro just down the street only 2 minutes on foot, you'll be right in the center of Paris (Châtelet, the Louvre, Hotel de Ville, the Marais, shopping...) in a few 8 minutes! (Just 3 Metro stops to Gare du Nord, 4 to Gare de l'Est, 6 to République - all direct without changing lines! 20 minutes to the Marais, 20 to the Louvre). You'll have easy access to the park for a bit of fresh air and a break from the hustle and bustle of the city; shops, supermarkets, cafes, bars, etc all within a block of our place.  You can contact us for a map with a few useful things near our apartment and for videos of our place. The apartment itself is a typical Parisian 40 square meter/430sqft one be
3693	Charming, confortable and equiped flat in a nice area of Paris: amazing view of the city from the charming Park of Buttes Chaumont, just one minute out the door! Near to the cools areas of Belleville & Menilmontant. Very close to two metro lines! The flat is welcoming, warm and friendly: woody table for eating, reading, or using computers, big sofa for chilling, possibility of using our audio system for listening to music! Good books to leaf through while drinking a warm tea :) The 2 rooms are big and very comfortable : double bedroom in the first one, small bed for child from 2 to 6 and double futon in the second one. We furnished clean drapes.  The wonderful park of Buttes Chaumont is just outside the building's door! We would recommend you a visit to admire the amazing panorama and to take a relaxing walk.  Also the lovely Canal Saint Martin is 5 minutes walk. The flat is 5 minutes walking to rue de Meaux, full of shops, cheese sellers, bakeries, pastries ecc.  For hanging out at ni	"Beautiful 62m2 apartment with 2 bedrooms, 4rd floor (with lift), very close to Buttes Chaumont huge parc. Ideal for a family, the place is near the lovely Canal St Martin and loads of trendy bars and restaurants. Typical ""Haussman"" building. Charming, confortable and equiped flat in a nice area of Paris: amazing view of the city from the charming Park of Buttes Chaumont, just one minute out the door! Near to the cools areas of Belleville & Menilmontant. Very close to two metro lines! The flat is welcoming, warm and friendly: woody table for eating, reading, or using computers, big sofa for chilling, possibility of using our audio system for listening to music! Good books to leaf through while drinking a warm tea :) The 2 rooms are big and very comfortable : double bedroom in the first one, small bed for child from 2 to 6 and double futon in the second one. We furnished clean drapes.  The wonderful park of Buttes Chaumont is just outside the building's door! We would recommend you a vis"
3694	30m2 flat, airy and cosy atmosphere, handy and fully furnished kitchen. Accomodation for 2 persons. In front of the Buttes Chaumonts, no buildings opposit.	30m2 flat, airy and cosy atmosphere, handy and fully furnished kitchen. In front of the Buttes Chaumont, 10 min walk of Bassin de la Vilette, 10 min walk of Belleville. 30m2 flat, airy and cosy atmosphere, handy and fully furnished kitchen. Accomodation for 2 persons. In front of the Buttes Chaumonts, no buildings opposit. - take the metro 11 at the Pyrénées subway station (7 min walk) to reach Chatelet in 10 min.   - take the metro 5 at the Ourcq subway station ( 5 min walk) and reach la Place de la République in less than 12 min and la Gare du Nord in less than 6 min.  - take the metro 7bis at the Buttes Chaumonts station (2 min walk) and reach the metros 7, 5 and 2 in less than 5 min. I will not be in the appartment during your stay, but I will live less than 15 min wal from it. I will be available by mail and by phone. Les Buttes Chaumonts will unravel some of the most superb panoramas of the parisian skylines during your walks above the stream of its groves and small valleys.  Bel
3695	Appartement en duplex, avec un magnifique escalier en colimaçon. Belle hauteur sous plafond dans la pièce à vivre. Poutre apparentes. Lumière traversante. Confortable et charmant. Comme à la campagne en pleine ville.	Charmant Duplex, lumineux à 100 mètres du Jardin des Buttes-Chaumont, 5mn du quartier Jourdain. Le quartier de Paris qui monte ! Proche de Belleville. Metro direct pour République, Châtelet etc...  Charming duplex, flooded in light, close to the Buttes Chaumont and great Jourdain shopping area! Appartement en duplex, avec un magnifique escalier en colimaçon. Belle hauteur sous plafond dans la pièce à vivre. Poutre apparentes. Lumière traversante. Confortable et charmant. Comme à la campagne en pleine ville. Un ordinateur de bureau, connecté à internet. Une chaîne Hi-FI de très bonne qualité. Une cuisine, bien équipée et pratique pour cuisiner. Une salle de bain avec une belle baignoire ancienne.  Toutes les questions sur Paris, les restaurants etc... sont les bienvenues...  Le parc des Buttes-Chaumont, probablement le plus beau de Paris est à deux pas. Les commerces de Jourdain sont parfaits ! D'excellentes boulangerie-patisseries, un très bon caviste, épicerie fine, primeurs, magasin 
3696	A charming 1-bedroom available in august.   Located One minute to parc Buttes Chaumont and 5 minutes toCanal saint Martin 4 minutes walk to metro (line 5 - Laumiere).  In quiet building, on a private courtyard. One big bed 1.60m and one bed for one person. Sleeps up to 3 (2+1) .  Fully furnished= Wireless internet, cable TV large screen, Laundry machine    3rd floor , no elevator  No pets or smoking allowed!  Only for serious travelers. Please ask photos.	A charming 1-bedroom available in august.   Located One minute to parc Buttes Chaumont and 5 minutes toCanal saint Martin 4 minutes walk to metro (line 5 - Laumiere).  In quiet building, on a private courtyard. One big bed 1.60m and one bed for one person. Sleeps up to 3 (2+1) .  Fully furnished= Wireless internet, cable TV large screen, Laundry machine    3rd floor , no elevator  No pets or smoking allowed!  Only for serious travelers. Please ask photos. full access I will be in holidays half time of this rent. 5 minutes to Line 5, Close to Jaures, buses,
3697	Located near the beautiful park of Buttes-Chaumont , this studio is nice for a couple wishing to visit Paris . 20 minutes from the Louvre , 30 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, on line 11 on subways , 10 minutes , Georges Pompidou Centre , the City Hall and the Canal St Martin 10 minutes . Neighborhood has kept the little Paris spirit, with it's artists and it's charms.  This appartment had an area of 25 square metres and includes a superb bathroom with a bath and toilet. A large closet wall to store your clothes, a large kitchen / bar with high chairs. The kitchen worktop is very large for a small studio, including a fridge, microwave, coffee maker for Espresso and plenty of storage / closet condiment . The living room is very nice because of the brightness to this four large windows. Here you have a sofa bed planted with a library, a large desk and a hifi chain to freely listen with a sound good to your music . The windows overlooking the private garden of the building and the roofs of 	Charming studio can accommodate 2 people in Paris 19th. Large kitchen for food lovers ! Quiet and pleasant street for a young couple, next to the subway Botzaris and Jourdain . Next the Buttes Chaumont Park. Access on foot to the Canal St. Martin.   Located near the beautiful park of Buttes-Chaumont , this studio is nice for a couple wishing to visit Paris . 20 minutes from the Louvre , 30 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, on line 11 on subways , 10 minutes , Georges Pompidou Centre , the City Hall and the Canal St Martin 10 minutes . Neighborhood has kept the little Paris spirit, with it's artists and it's charms.  This appartment had an area of 25 square metres and includes a superb bathroom with a bath and toilet. A large closet wall to store your clothes, a large kitchen / bar with high chairs. The kitchen worktop is very large for a small studio, including a fridge, microwave, coffee maker for Espresso and plenty of storage / closet condiment . The living room is very nice because of
3698	Our accommodation is bright , tidy , ideal for a family , as Provided for children , and it is Located close to the Buttes Chaumont park . You can sleep up to 5: one couple in our room , one couple in the other room , and a baby a bed. 	Our apartment is very pleasant. Ideal for a couple with baby / children.     Our accommodation is bright , tidy , ideal for a family , as Provided for children , and it is Located close to the Buttes Chaumont park . You can sleep up to 5: one couple in our room , one couple in the other room , and a baby a bed.  Towels and sheets provided There is a real neighborhood life , it s close to the canal de l' Ourcq, and le parc des Buttes Chaumont ! métro 11 arrêt Jourdain métro 7b arrêt Botzaris bus 60 et bus 48 arrêt Botzaris
3699	You'll be sharing the flat with my flatmate Vincent :)	Private room in typical parisian apartment located in the 19th district in the north of Paris. Shared kitchen, shower and toilet. 5 min walk to Canal St. Martin and easy acces to the centre of Paris (right next to metro station Stalingrad). You'll be sharing the flat with my flatmate Vincent :)
3700	"Discover this typical and trendy neighborhood, with a direct view on the most beautiful and lovely park in Paris: ""buttes Chaumont"", and 2 min walk from the river ""Canal de l'Ourcq"" and ""Canal Saint Martin"" where parisian do picnic during week-ends. You will love it for sure!"	"Bel appartement Haussmannien, parquet et moulure. Le 5ème étage offre une des plus belles vue sur les buttes Chaumont, balcon ensoleillé tout autour de l'appartement. Quartier très sûr, juste à coté du métro et en face du parc. Un rêve de bohème... Discover this typical and trendy neighborhood, with a direct view on the most beautiful and lovely park in Paris: ""buttes Chaumont"", and 2 min walk from the river ""Canal de l'Ourcq"" and ""Canal Saint Martin"" where parisian do picnic during week-ends. You will love it for sure!"
3701	The flat is in a pedestrian passage. You will not have any noise from the street! 	"Sweet 17 sqm flat closed to the nice park Buttes Chaumont where you can perfectly relax after a day of visiting Paris. Location is very quiet, Metro station, supermarkets and French Bistrots are at one minute walk only! Special offer for + 2 months! The flat is in a pedestrian passage. You will not have any noise from the street!  A part the classique equipment you also have a washing machine in the flat! Sms or phonecall or e-mail or whatsApp - as you prefer! You will be in an area with little french bistros, supermarkets and the metro station just next to! The romantic parc ""Buttes-Chaumont"" is 1 minute to go. If you arrive at Paris/Charles de Gaulle airport I can come and pick you up! Otherwise : Metro station ""Buttes-Chaumont""."
3702	Très bel appartement, 2 pièces, de 35m2, confortable, lumineux, en plein cœur de la Mouzaïa, quartier calme et bucolique, à 2 minutes à pied du célèbre Parc des Buttes-Chaumont.  A 1 minute du métro ligne 7 bis, à 5 minutes du métro ligne 11.  Appartement 2 pièces lumineux et confortable de 35m2, situé dans un quartier calme, entouré de petites maisons et de jolies ruelles pavées, à deux minutes à pied du célèbre Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Lit double dans la chambre, (confortable) canapé convertible deux places dans le salon. Proche des stations de métro et des lignes de bus : A 1 minute de la station de la ligne de métro 7 bis et à 5 minutes de la ligne 11 qui vous amène en 15 minutes au cœur de Paris (Châtelet-Le Marais). Commerces et restaurants à proximité. Le prix du logement dépend de la durée du séjour.  Bright and comfy 1 bedroom apartment of 35m2, located in a quiet area surrounded by small houses and pretty cobbled streets, two minutes walk from the famous Parc des Buttes Chau	Très bel appartement, 2 pièces, de 35m2, confortable, lumineux, en plein cœur de la Mouzaïa, quartier calme et bucolique, à 2 minutes à pied du célèbre Parc des Buttes-Chaumont.  A 1 minute du métro ligne 7 bis, à 5 minutes du métro ligne 11.  Très bel appartement, 2 pièces, de 35m2, confortable, lumineux, en plein cœur de la Mouzaïa, quartier calme et bucolique, à 2 minutes à pied du célèbre Parc des Buttes-Chaumont.  A 1 minute du métro ligne 7 bis, à 5 minutes du métro ligne 11.  Appartement 2 pièces lumineux et confortable de 35m2, situé dans un quartier calme, entouré de petites maisons et de jolies ruelles pavées, à deux minutes à pied du célèbre Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Lit double dans la chambre, (confortable) canapé convertible deux places dans le salon. Proche des stations de métro et des lignes de bus : A 1 minute de la station de la ligne de métro 7 bis et à 5 minutes de la ligne 11 qui vous amène en 15 minutes au cœur de Paris (Châtelet-Le Marais). Commerces et restaurant
3703	Appartement vivant et accueillant. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Les familles sont bienvenues. Located 5 min by walk from Jourdain and in front of the beautiful parc des Buttes chaumont.   A 37 sqm apartment very bright. The closest metro stations are Botzaris, Jourdain and Pyrennées , near the station Vélib 'and shops.       The area is very busy during the week and especially on weekends, it is famous for its trendy bars and restaurants.   You will have access to a living room with a sofa bed , internet connection (WIFI). A fully equipped kitchen. One bedroom with double bed (sheets available). A bathroom with a shower, sink and toilet.  For more information, do not hesitate to contact me!	Appartement de 37m2, cosy et  lumineux, face au parc des Buttes-Chaumont, dans le quartier Jourdain. Un canapé lit au salon et des lits superposés dans la chambre, une cuisine séparée, des livres, des jeux, un piano, une guitare, et un peu de bazar! Appartement vivant et accueillant. Possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Les familles sont bienvenues. Located 5 min by walk from Jourdain and in front of the beautiful parc des Buttes chaumont.   A 37 sqm apartment very bright. The closest metro stations are Botzaris, Jourdain and Pyrennées , near the station Vélib 'and shops.       The area is very busy during the week and especially on weekends, it is famous for its trendy bars and restaurants.   You will have access to a living room with a sofa bed , internet connection (WIFI). A fully equipped kitchen. One bedroom with double bed (sheets available). A bathroom with a shower, sink and toilet.  For more information, do not hesitate to contact me! Radio, internet, piano, guitare, 
3704		Amazing 2 rooms-flat near Buttes Chaumont's park- Flatmates Arthur and Christina will be happy to welcome you at our beautiful little home, near parisian's biggest 
3705	Charming studio, just 50 meters from Buttes Chaumont where you can see Montmartre. The light is great and the area is amazing, you can be in Chatelet (center of Paris) in 15 minutes through Line 11.	Charming studio, just 50 meters from Buttes Chaumont where you can see Montmartre. The light is great and the area is amazing, you can be in Chatelet (center of Paris) in 15 minutes through Line 11.
3706	Terrasse avec vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris.	Terrace overlooking the rooftops of Paris on which it is possible to have lunch or dinner with a breathtaking view of the Sacré-Coeur. All rooms of the apartment are very bright. Down the Buttes Chaumonts Park. Close to Ourcq Canal.
3707		"Young couple, we would welcome you with pleasure in our well located flat. You'll have two cosy beds, place for your clothes and all of tips from a friendly parisian couple. You'll have access to all our flat except our room. We'll be pleased to advise you the best we can. 30 minutes from the center of Paris, the 19th is a new fashionable district. Few meters from the station ""Jaurès"" ( line 5, 2, 7bis ) and 5 minutes by walk from the station ""Stalingrad"" ( line 7, 5, 2 )."
3708	++ Before sending me your request, please let us know a little bit about yourself : Like your age, what you do, what is the reason of your travel, what you like, therefore we will know each other better  ++ We would like to know how many people are going to stay and your check in & out time, so we could manage our own schedule to welcome you. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ LOCATION We’re a couple living in an arty chic 90 m2 (968 sq ft) Parisian duplex Loft   It could host up to 4 people, superb for 1 or 2 couples trips and maintain quality & stylish living while staying in Paris It is well located in East Paris,  a very Parisian and bohemian area called the Canal Saint Martin, just off the beaten track.   - In Canal Saint Martin hype area and green Buttes Chaumont Park - 10 minutes from Montmartre, by tube (5 tube stations on Line 2) - It takes only 15 minutes to the heart of Paris by tube 7, tube stations from Chatelet on line 11, you can easily reach Champs Elysé	Enjoy your stay in Paris even under high temperarture with this air conditionned Loft next to the parc des Buttes Chaumont and in one of the most enjoyable neighbourhood this time a year. ++ Before sending me your request, please let us know a little bit about yourself : Like your age, what you do, what is the reason of your travel, what you like, therefore we will know each other better  ++ We would like to know how many people are going to stay and your check in & out time, so we could manage our own schedule to welcome you. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ LOCATION We’re a couple living in an arty chic 90 m2 (968 sq ft) Parisian duplex Loft   It could host up to 4 people, superb for 1 or 2 couples trips and maintain quality & stylish living while staying in Paris It is well located in East Paris,  a very Parisian and bohemian area called the Canal Saint Martin, just off the beaten track.   - In Canal Saint Martin hype area and green Buttes Chaumont Park - 10 minute
3709	Appartement cosy et calme, très bien situé (à côté du métro et d'un supermarché, et surtout à deux pas du parc des buttes chaumont!)	Cet appartement de 40m2 est situé à deux pas du parc des Buttes Chaumont, dans le 19ème arrondissement. Il est calme, lumineux, et très agréable à vivre. Appartement cosy et calme, très bien situé (à côté du métro et d'un supermarché, et surtout à deux pas du parc des buttes chaumont!) Wifi TV Machine à laver Cuisine toute équipée plan de paris Quartier familial et à taille humaine. Petits commerces charmants typiquement français. Calme et apaisant Métro Jourdain ligne 11 à 5minutes à pieds ou Buttes chaumont ligne 7bis juste à côté 
3710	La tranquillité et un atout fort de cette appartement , l'isolation et tellement bien réalisé  qu'on entend très peu se qui nous (website hidden) possède deux petits balcon. Équipe en cuisine de deux plaques vitrocérémique, et de l'ensemble nécessaire à la cuisine, four et ustensile. Si vous êtes musicien, et notamment pianiste vous pouvez réjouir, un piano numérique touché lourd et disponible pour vos soirée romantique. Vous pourrez également écoutez vos musiques car il équipé en HiIfi.  	La tranquillité et un atout fort de cette appartement , l'isolation et tellement bien réalisé  qu'on entend très peu se qui nous (website hidden) possède deux petits balcon. Équipe en cuisine de deux plaques vitrocérémique, et de l'ensemble nécessaire à la cuisine, four et ustensile. Si vous êtes musicien, et notamment pianiste vous pouvez réjouir, un piano numérique touché lourd et disponible pour vos soirée romantique. Vous pourrez également écoutez vos musiques car il équipé en HiIfi.   Plusieurs lignes sont disponibles: ligne 5 arrêt OURCQ ligne 11 arrêt PLACE DES FETES,  ligne 7 bis arrêt BOTZARIS. Appartement situé au 6 eme étages Petit cocon d'artiste, en plein coeur d'un quartier du 19eme très romantique. Appartment très bien situé et  vraiment tranquille. Quartier très riche en animation, 2 parc ( buttes chaumont à 2 minutes)( parc de la vilette à 10 minutes),  canal,cinéma, petit bar sympas, quartier belleville a 15 minutes, quartier. Pour résumer tous les avantages sans les 
3711	La chambre de 12m2 au 1er étage d'un appartement de 45m2 est lumineuse et calme (double vitrage aux fenêtres). Elle est décorée avec goût, meubles vintage, parquet au sol et murs blancs.Vous avez accès à la cuisine et la salle de bain (qui possède une baignoire). Nice and cosy room for two people, in a 19th century building, close to the Buttes Chaumont. The street where the appartement is located is quiet and peaceful. While beeing in your own room, you'll also have full access to the comfy kitchen and bathroom (which has a bathtub). You'll also have the Wifi access in the whole appartement. The room is bright and calm (double glazed windows). Well decorated, the room as well as the appartement, has white walls and parquet floor all the furniture is vintage style. In other sense our home sweet home is yours! 	Charmante chambre, à deux pas des Buttes Chaumont. Dans un immeuble du 19 ème siècle, une très jolie chambre vous attend, accueillant deux personnes. Rue calme proche de toutes commodités, profitez du confort de la pièce. Cuisine équipée et accès Wifi. La chambre de 12m2 au 1er étage d'un appartement de 45m2 est lumineuse et calme (double vitrage aux fenêtres). Elle est décorée avec goût, meubles vintage, parquet au sol et murs blancs.Vous avez accès à la cuisine et la salle de bain (qui possède une baignoire). Nice and cosy room for two people, in a 19th century building, close to the Buttes Chaumont. The street where the appartement is located is quiet and peaceful. While beeing in your own room, you'll also have full access to the comfy kitchen and bathroom (which has a bathtub). You'll also have the Wifi access in the whole appartement. The room is bright and calm (double glazed windows). Well decorated, the room as well as the appartement, has white walls and parquet floor all the
3712	Chambre de 15m² dans un appartement haussmannien de 100m², parquet et cheminées (non-fonctionnelles) dans toutes les pièces ( y compris chambre). La chambre est calme ( donne sur cour) et ensoleillée (exposition: Est). L'appartement dispose d'une salle de bain avec douche et d'une cuisine fonctionnelle (four, micro-onde, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge) ainsi que d'un grand salon, donnant sur cour, de 30m², toutes ces pièces sont mises à la dispositions des voyageurs.  L'appartement se situe à 200 mètre de la station de métro Jaurès (ligne 2, 5 et 7bis), ainsi que de la station Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5 et 7bis). LIEUX A DECOUVRIR : - La cité des sciences  (15min à pied)  - Le parc de la Villette (15min à pied) - Le parc des Buttes-Chaumont (5 min à pied) - Ballades à vélo ou à pieds le long du canal St Martin et du canal de l'Ourcq - Les apéros - pétanque parisiens le long du canal (à 2 min) A SAVOIR :  Linge : draps et serviettes de bain fournis. Animaux sur le li	Chambre de 15m² dans un appartement haussmannien de 100m², parquet et cheminées (non-fonctionnelles) dans toutes les pièces ( y compris chambre). La chambre est calme ( donne sur cour) et ensoleillée (exposition: Est). L'appartement dispose d'une salle de bain avec douche et d'une cuisine fonctionnelle (four, micro-onde, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver le linge) ainsi que d'un grand salon, donnant sur cour, de 30m², toutes ces pièces sont mises à la dispositions des voyageurs.  L'appartement se situe à 200 mètre de la station de métro Jaurès (ligne 2, 5 et 7bis), ainsi que de la station Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5 et 7bis). LIEUX A DECOUVRIR : - La cité des sciences  (15min à pied)  - Le parc de la Villette (15min à pied) - Le parc des Buttes-Chaumont (5 min à pied) - Ballades à vélo ou à pieds le long du canal St Martin et du canal de l'Ourcq - Les apéros - pétanque parisiens le long du canal (à 2 min) A SAVOIR :  Linge : draps et serviettes de bain fournis. Animaux sur le li
3713	This cozy apartment is located on the 7th floor of a residential building. The flat is small - only 21 square meters (225 square feet) but contains a separate kitchen/dining room and living room/bedroom. A southern exposure in the bedroom offers sun almost all day long!	Welcome to my little home in the 19th arrondissement! Just a block away from the Buttes Chaumont park, this small two-room apartment enjoys a southern exposure and lots of sunlight. Discover one of the most dynamic and creative parts of Paris! This cozy apartment is located on the 7th floor of a residential building. The flat is small - only 21 square meters (225 square feet) but contains a separate kitchen/dining room and living room/bedroom. A southern exposure in the bedroom offers sun almost all day long! You will have access to a fully equipped kitchen, wifi, a desk, my collection of books and a convertible sofa bed with a high-quality Bultex mattress. I love helping guests discover this amazing part of the city! Don't hesitate to ask, and I'd be happy to give you any tips you'd like! The 19th is a fun and young district. The Buttes Chaumont park is less than 50 yards away and is a great place to go for a stroll or have a picnic! On the other side, the Canal de l'Ourq is a picture
3714	The housing is a pleasant 2 rooms with a bedroom, a living room and a seperated kitchen. One double-bed is available in the bedroom and a large sofa can be used to sleep too (one person). There are also a one place matress. The appartment is extremly bright, and it is located on the 6th floor with elevator.	An appartment with two rooms very welcoming and bright. 1 bedroom, 1 living room and a separated kitchen. You will have a beautifull view from the appartment and you’ll see the Sacré-Coeur. It’s very nearby Buttes Chaumont and Ourq Canal. The housing is a pleasant 2 rooms with a bedroom, a living room and a seperated kitchen. One double-bed is available in the bedroom and a large sofa can be used to sleep too (one person). There are also a one place matress. The appartment is extremly bright, and it is located on the 6th floor with elevator. Please don’t hesitate to contact me all along your stay. If you need any advise about restaurants, bars, cultural places I’m here to help you to spend a great stay. The appartment is placed very nearby Buttes Chaumont and at 5 minutes by foot of the Ourcq Canal. It’s a calm neighbourhood where it’s very easy to find nature and good place to go out. I particulary like to go to eat to the «  Chic Type » , a nice restaurant (2 minutes far) and then, g
3715		The studio is absolutely perfect to enjoy Paris! It is close to any kind of transportation (bus, metro), the beautiful Parc des Buttes-Chaumont is one minute away. Last but not least, the apatment is ver comfy and the kitchen is fully equipped.
3716	grande chambre lumineuse dans un appartement de 3 pièces. Proche de tous commerces et services. Station vélib au pied de l'immeuble, situé entre le canal Saint Martin, le bassin de la Villette et le parc des Buttes Chaumont. Acces à Montmartre 10 min à pied, coeur de paris marais 20 min à pied. La chambre donne sur un balcon  Equipement : 1 vrai lit sur sommier Futon, 1 armoire réservée pour vos affaire, 1 pupitre bureau, 1 chaise L'appartement de 71m2 est composé d'une entrée avec un dressing chaussure pour se déchausser ( pas de chaussure dans l'appartement de préférence) 1 cuisine aménagée  1 wc 1 salle de bain 1 balcon L'appartement est habité par 1 personne et un chat tres propre et tres silencieux.	Belle chambre lumineuse, calme, 18m2 /appartement 3 pièces  quartier Canal Saint Martin et bassin de la Villette Quartier vivant avec bar restaurant  A 3 stations de Montmartre, centre historique moins de 15' en métro parking free +station velib grande chambre lumineuse dans un appartement de 3 pièces. Proche de tous commerces et services. Station vélib au pied de l'immeuble, situé entre le canal Saint Martin, le bassin de la Villette et le parc des Buttes Chaumont. Acces à Montmartre 10 min à pied, coeur de paris marais 20 min à pied. La chambre donne sur un balcon  Equipement : 1 vrai lit sur sommier Futon, 1 armoire réservée pour vos affaire, 1 pupitre bureau, 1 chaise L'appartement de 71m2 est composé d'une entrée avec un dressing chaussure pour se déchausser ( pas de chaussure dans l'appartement de préférence) 1 cuisine aménagée  1 wc 1 salle de bain 1 balcon L'appartement est habité par 1 personne et un chat tres propre et tres silencieux. Une clef vous est remise à votre arrivee
3717		à préciser
3718	Charmant deux pièces dans un immeuble ancien, très calme et agréable avec une vue donnant sur une petite terrasse fleurie.  L'appartement est décoré avec soin, dans un style à la fois vintage et moderne.	Séjournez dans un bel appartement parisien, à quelques mètres du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Charmant deux pièces dans un immeuble ancien, très calme et agréable avec une vue donnant sur une petite terrasse fleurie.  L'appartement est décoré avec soin, dans un style à la fois vintage et moderne. Je serais enchantée de pouvoir répondre à toutes les questions que se posent les voyageurs tout au long de leur séjour. L'appartement est idéalement situé, juste en face de l'une des entrées du Parc Buttes Chaumont ce qui permet de profiter d'un cadre verdoyant assez exceptionnel. Proche commerces et bistrots parisiens, très bons restaurants, ambiance de village en plein Paris. Très proche du métro Buttes Chaumont, à quelques minutes des métros Jourdain et Pyrénées, ce qui permet de rejoindre Châtelet et Hôtel de ville en 15 minutes. Une station de taxi est accessible à quelques minutes.
3719	Le loft proposé ici est très atypique. Il possède entre autre et par exemple un patio interne très agréable l'été. Les volumes proposés sont assez grands et agréables à vivre. Tous les équipements sont à votre disposition. Je peux accueillir 4 personnes (deux chambres possédant 2 lits doubles).	"Joli et spacieux loft parisien situé entre les Buttes Chaumont et le Canal Saint Martin. Se compose d'une grande cuisine, d'un salon - salle à manger, deux chambres avec lits doubles, une grand salle de bain. Centre de Paris: 20 min en métro.  Le loft proposé ici est très atypique. Il possède entre autre et par exemple un patio interne très agréable l'été. Les volumes proposés sont assez grands et agréables à vivre. Tous les équipements sont à votre disposition. Je peux accueillir 4 personnes (deux chambres possédant 2 lits doubles). Mes ""invités"" auront accès à l'ensemble du logement mis à part ma chambre et ma salle de bain. Tous les équipements seront également à votre disposition. Je serai présent lors du séjour de mes invités mais ces derniers seront complément autonomes avec naturellement une clé du loft. Je serai à leur disposition durant leur séjour. Le quartier est très vivant et populaire. A proximité, le quartier très cosmopolite de Belleville, le joli Parc des Buttes Chaumo"
3720	The appartment is huge and the space is realy nice. We love to decorate, to make the place ours and yours :)  L'appartement est très grand et bien agencé. Nous prenons soin de le décorer pour en faire quelque chose de personnel et que chacun s'y sente bien.	You can rent here a nice big room with a lots of ligth. You will have your own bathroom.  My roomates, who have their own rooms are realy nice and fun :)  Welcome in Paris. Grand chambre, lumineuse, avec une salle de bain privative. Bienvenue ! The appartment is huge and the space is realy nice. We love to decorate, to make the place ours and yours :)  L'appartement est très grand et bien agencé. Nous prenons soin de le décorer pour en faire quelque chose de personnel et que chacun s'y sente bien. I will have acces to the living room, the kitchen, my room and a bathroom. Vosu aurez accès à la cuisine, au salon ainsi qu'à une salle de bain attenante à la chambre. I am here to help you on your trip in Paris. I could give you advices and I am at your entire disposal. Je suis à votre entière disposition pour répondre à vos question concernant à la fois l'appartement et la ville. Si vous avez besoin de conseils, je suis là ! :) I like to spend  time at Les buttes Chaumont ( 5 mins away walk
3721		chambre dans appartement de 4 pièces de 90 m2 au 10° étage sans vis à vis lumineux vue exceptionnelle sur Paris sacre-coeur tour eiffel appartement occupé par pére et fille de 8 ans entre buttes chaumont canal saint martin accès cuisine balcon
3722		3 colocataires louant la chambre des vacanciers pour s'offrir de beaux cadeaux !  Logement de 82m2, 3 chambres, 2 salles de bain, 1cuisine équipée, un grand salon très lumineux et 1 merveilleux .
3723	＊五メートルぐらい高い窓ガラスがあって、周囲を眺められる。バルコニーからの眺めも割と絶景。運悪く眼にできる名所は一つもないですが・・ 	＊Safe and convenient neighborhood (3 supermarket, 6 bakery, 2 pharmacy, 1 metro station...within 5 min walking). ＊Big loft room with a double bed. Near the bathroom/entrance. ＊Full access to the kitchen. ＊Free Wifi ＊25min from the center ＊Two huge parks, and a very XIXth century-like romantic one.  ＊Every shop you need. ＊Two excellent bakery in the same street ＊A pharmacy in front of the building ＊The neareast station is Ourcq on the 5Th line. ＊At only 4 station from Gare Du Nord
3724	C'est un appartement très calme, situé juste à côté de l'entrée du parc des Buttes Chaumont Le salon est indépendant, et grand. La cuisine est séparée donc c'est facile de cohabiter en toute tranquillité, dans ce joli 40m2  	C'est un appartement très calme, situé juste à côté de l'entrée du parc des Buttes Chaumont Le salon est indépendant, et grand. La cuisine est séparée donc c'est facile de cohabiter en toute tranquillité, dans ce joli 40m2  Cuisine, équipements, salle de bain On partage la salle de bain et la cuisine. Je préconise le calme, la discrétion, car le logement n'est pas immense Je suis quelqu'un de discret et souvent absent de part mon travail. Je serai parfois présente, mais je privilégie l'indépendance, tout en me rendant disponible pour tout conseil, ou question bien entendu! Très pratique car il est à deux pas d'un supermarché, et de deux métros. La rue de la villette juste à côté est très commercante avec des boutiques typiquement parisiennes, il y a un marché très agréable juste à côté, et une belle église à Jourdain.
3725	This fully furnished studio is located at the limit of the 19th and the 10th district of Paris, within a 5 minutes walk to 3 subway stations ( Colonel Fabien, line 2, direct from Gare du Nord-La Chapelle and the airport link, Jaures, line 5&2, and Bolivar, line 7bis ). There are also 3 bus stations (lines 26, 46, 75) nearby. You can get to Republique in 10 minutes, Chatelet and the very center of the city in 20 minutes (bus line 75), and the Eiffel tower in 30 minutes. If you any have any particular wish or question, please feel free to ask. You can consult a map of Paris and a map of bus lines that I leave in the apartment. You will be warmly welcomed by myself. In the 4th floor, without a lift. The flat is clean, bright and quiet.  Spacious ( 25m2) and comfortable. Nicely decorated. High-speed internet, flat screen TV and dvd player, books and dvds are available. There is a cupboard in the main room where you can store your belongings. Clean sheets and towels, soap and shampoo are in	This fully furnished studio is located at the limit of the 19th and the 10th district of Paris, within a 5 minutes walk to 3 subway stations ( Colonel Fabien, line 2, direct from Gare du Nord-La Chapelle and the airport link, Jaures, line 5&2, and Bolivar, line 7bis ). There are also 3 bus stations (lines 26, 46, 75) nearby. You can get to Republique in 10 minutes, Chatelet and the very center of the city in 20 minutes (bus line 75), and the Eiffel tower in 30 minutes. If you any have any particular wish or question, please feel free to ask. You can consult a map of Paris and a map of bus lines that I leave in the apartment. You will be warmly welcomed by myself. In the 4th floor, without a lift. The flat is clean, bright and quiet.  Spacious ( 25m2) and comfortable. Nicely decorated. High-speed internet, flat screen TV and dvd player, books and dvds are available. There is a cupboard in the main room where you can store your belongings. Clean sheets and towels, soap and shampoo are in
3726	Chaleureux, accueillant, vous vous y sentirez comme à la maison. Avec deux chambres, un salon, une grande cuisine, une salle de bain très agréable et des wc séparés, l'appartement offre toutes les commodités demandées pour un séjour Parisien.  A toutes les pièces de la maison, machine à laver, table à repasser etc. Je serai ravie de rencontrer et d'aider les voyageurs durant leur séjour, de leur donner des conseils ainsi que de bonnes adresses à paris. Il se peut que je sois là tout comme je peux être absente lors du séjour des personnes qui viendront. A deux minutes à pied du canal saint Martin, 5 minutes des Buttes Chaumont, 10 minutes en métro de la Villette, de Montmartre, de République, l'appartement est au centre des activités de Paris. Le quartier est animé de jour comme de nuit. Vous y trouverez une rue marchande (Avenue Secrétan) avec primeur, boucherie, fromager, monoprix, cordonnier, photographe etc, mais aussi des petits bars très branchés (La rotonde, le Bar Ourcq, le 25'E	Grand appartement de charme de 68m2, très lumineux et très bien situé. Desservi par 4 lignes de métro (Jaures: lignes 5,2 et 7bis, Stalingrad: Ligne 7) cet appartement est parfait pour un séjour à Paris.  Chaleureux, accueillant, vous vous y sentirez comme à la maison. Avec deux chambres, un salon, une grande cuisine, une salle de bain très agréable et des wc séparés, l'appartement offre toutes les commodités demandées pour un séjour Parisien.  A toutes les pièces de la maison, machine à laver, table à repasser etc. Je serai ravie de rencontrer et d'aider les voyageurs durant leur séjour, de leur donner des conseils ainsi que de bonnes adresses à paris. Il se peut que je sois là tout comme je peux être absente lors du séjour des personnes qui viendront. A deux minutes à pied du canal saint Martin, 5 minutes des Buttes Chaumont, 10 minutes en métro de la Villette, de Montmartre, de République, l'appartement est au centre des activités de Paris. Le quartier est animé de jour comme de nui
3727		Skylight window with a view of all Paris and the sparkling Eiffel Tower! Well connected between the Jaures and Stalingrad metro stations (2, 5, 7, 7b lines). Between the lovely Canal St Martin and Parc de la Villette. It really is a bohemian style flat. So unfortunately, there is no shower. You'll have to use the pool (31, rue du Château-Landon). There is also a shared toilet in the hallway. 
3728		This bedroom is comfortable and spacious and easily fits two. It would fit three people if one was willing to sleep on the couch and would fit four if three people choose to sleep on the huge queen size bed.  
3729	The apartment is newly renovated and there is a lot of light. It is very calm and you can see lots of trees from the bedroom and the living room. Sometimes you can hear birds singing.  The building has a digicode access for added security and an elevator for ease of access to the second floor.	Between the Canal de L'ourq and Parc Buttes Chaumont   This beautiful newly renovated 43m2 apartment is bright, fresh, elegant and calm. The apartment is newly renovated and there is a lot of light. It is very calm and you can see lots of trees from the bedroom and the living room. Sometimes you can hear birds singing.  The building has a digicode access for added security and an elevator for ease of access to the second floor. You will have the whole apartment in your disposal and we guarantee you a private and calm stay in this apartment. If you have a child he/she will be happy to have his/her own bed. The neighborhood is very charming with the canal de l'Ourcq, two cinemas and the parc Buttes Chaumont nearby. 2 supermarkets in front of the building, small grocery stores which are open until 2am. A very nice fish shop, cheese shop, vine shop just under the apartment, butcheries are in your disposal. Metro station Jaurès - line 2 and 5 Metro station Colonel Fabien - line 2 Metro stat
3730	Hello ! In a 70m2 apartment, on the 5th and top floor (without elevator), you can benefit a private space including a room with its bathroom and toilet as well as a lounge area with a desk (sheets and towels are supplied). You 'll also have free internet access by Wi-Fi. I'll share with you my living room and the kitchen. Well situated, close to Le Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville and le Canal Saint Martin (5 minutes walking), you can easily reach using subway: Le Parc de la Villette, Montmartre, Le Père Lachaise, Châtelet, La Seine within 15 minutes and Les Champs Elysées, la Place de l'Opéra, la Place de la Bastille etc.... within 30 minutes. There is so much to do and so many must see sites in Paris ! I’ll be delighted to suggest you some tours. In my street, you'll find all the shops you need : chemistry, bakery, butcher, fish shop, vegetables and fruits shop, supermarket… Nearby, there are several cultural places such as cinemas, concert halls like Le Point Ephémère, le Zenith	Hello ! In a 70m2 apartment, on the 5th and top floor (without elevator), you can benefit a private space including a room with its bathroom and toilet as well as a lounge area with a desk (sheets and towels are supplied). You 'll also have free internet access by Wi-Fi. I'll share with you my living room and the kitchen. Well situated, close to Le Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville and le Canal Saint Martin (5 minutes walking), you can easily reach using subway: Le Parc de la Villette, Montmartre, Le Père Lachaise, Châtelet, La Seine within 15 minutes and Les Champs Elysées, la Place de l'Opéra, la Place de la Bastille etc.... within 30 minutes. There is so much to do and so many must see sites in Paris ! I’ll be delighted to suggest you some tours. In my street, you'll find all the shops you need : chemistry, bakery, butcher, fish shop, vegetables and fruits shop, supermarket… Nearby, there are several cultural places such as cinemas, concert halls like Le Point Ephémère, le Zenith
3731	"Mon appartement est rigolo et confortable. Il sera idéal si vous voulez découvrir un quartier hors des sentiers battus du tourisme.  Pour profiter de l'été et faire des sorties culturelles ""A la Parisienne"" vous êtes dans l'endroit parfait!!! En plus il est vraiment pas cher!!! Profitez en!!"	"Je loue mon charmant appart de 2 pièces (33m2) .   Il se trouve dans un quartier insolite et  très vivant (voir branché) avec pleins de commerces et d'activités autour, mais il est dans  une rue très calme et à 20min en métro du centre de Paris. Mon appartement est rigolo et confortable. Il sera idéal si vous voulez découvrir un quartier hors des sentiers battus du tourisme.  Pour profiter de l'été et faire des sorties culturelles ""A la Parisienne"" vous êtes dans l'endroit parfait!!! En plus il est vraiment pas cher!!! Profitez en!! Il est très bien situé: Metro lignes 5, 2 et 7 : Bolivar, Jaurès, Colonel Fabien ou Stalingrad. A 5 min en métro de la gare du Nord (où passe le RER qui mène aux 2 aéroports), à 7 min de la gare de l'Est. Je pourrais vous donner tous les bons plans : restaurants, expositions, sorties , bars , musées , cinémas , quartiers inattendus à explorer...etc... Je vis à Paris depuis 18ans et dans mon appart depuis 12 ans....!!!  L'appartement est fou équipé et tout c"
3732	Paris 19th district, discover a unique residence by Renzo Piano architect, a peaceful and private square with 100 birch trees. It is located between bassin de la Villette/canal Saint-Martin and Buttes-Chaumont, also 2 small kilometers away from arty places like the Centquatre and prestigious parc de la Villette !!! Welcome... The whole apartment (50 sq meters) is clean and quiet, soundproof, it has 1 main room, 1 very private bedroom, a full-equiped and very convenient kitchen, modern bathroom and separate toilet, nice entrance and a small hallway that leads to the room...  You can also have a YogaClass no extra charge on the weekends ! Weekdays the room is available, without the yoga but always within wellness !  The private bedroom has a single bed, a designer's beautiful oak table and chairs, lots of racks and shelves, original paintings and mirror on the walls, and a huge window to look at trees. You can even touch their leaves……… The main room is where I sleep and teach yoga, it a	A unique garden and outstanding peaceful home in the city for 1 person, 2 metro stations from Gare du Nord - 3 from Gare de l'Est, everything you need just around the corner and for me a pleasure to host you !  Paris 19th district, discover a unique residence by Renzo Piano architect, a peaceful and private square with 100 birch trees. It is located between bassin de la Villette/canal Saint-Martin and Buttes-Chaumont, also 2 small kilometers away from arty places like the Centquatre and prestigious parc de la Villette !!! Welcome... The whole apartment (50 sq meters) is clean and quiet, soundproof, it has 1 main room, 1 very private bedroom, a full-equiped and very convenient kitchen, modern bathroom and separate toilet, nice entrance and a small hallway that leads to the room...  You can also have a YogaClass no extra charge on the weekends ! Weekdays the room is available, without the yoga but always within wellness !  The private bedroom has a single bed, a designer's beautiful oak 
3733		This lovely flat is situated right on the Bassin de la Villette / canal de l'Ourq. The area is very trendy and lively, with a lot of nice terrasse, restaurants and café for you to enjoy. Les buttes Chaumonts, one of the small beautiful parc of Paris is also 10 minutes walk from the flat.  The flat is modern, quiet with a terrasse and a view on a parc.  Free private car parking is included.
3734	Whether you like long romantic walks along the quays or have a thing for design and uncluttered interiors, you'll be here like at home ! On the banks of the Canal Saint-Martin, in a quiet residence among an up-and-coming neighbourhood with plenty of bars, restaurants and cultural places (i.e the two MK2 cinemas), this apartment, a true well of light with its numerous windows, will be your ideal pied-à-terre to explore Paris.	With its wonderful view on the canal Saint-Martin and his young and vibrant neighbourhood, this lovely appartment tastefully furnished will offer you a real immersion in the Parisian life. Live Paris the water at your feet in this oasis of serenity ! Whether you like long romantic walks along the quays or have a thing for design and uncluttered interiors, you'll be here like at home ! On the banks of the Canal Saint-Martin, in a quiet residence among an up-and-coming neighbourhood with plenty of bars, restaurants and cultural places (i.e the two MK2 cinemas), this apartment, a true well of light with its numerous windows, will be your ideal pied-à-terre to explore Paris. You will have access to all the flat as well as the residency's garden. There is a Bluetooth hifi-chain you can use to listen to music. A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message syst
3735		Light-filled, quiet and spacious one-bedroom with a balcony and an incredible view of the Eiffel Tower.  Located in the immediate vicinity of the stunning Buttes-Chaumont park, a safe and typical area, only 15 minutes away from the center of Paris.
3736		Charming flat (living, 1 bedroom, kitchen, shower, separate wc)  ca. completely furnished (2 click-clack comfortable canapes). Closed to the metro station (Porte de la Villete Ligne 7), in front of the Museum of Science and Industrial; and Music Cite, 5th Floor with a Lift; Building with a guard
3737		Studio lumineux, fonctionnel, design de 30m2 dans un quartier calme avec vue sur le parc, au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Le studio se trouve à proximité des lignes 11 (M°Pyrénées), 7bis (M° Buttes Chaumont) et 2 (M°Belleville) et à 30 min du Louvre. De l'aéroport prendre le RER B et descendre à la Gare du Nord. Sortir de la Gare et prendre le bus No 26 et descendre à la station Botzaris-Buttes Chaumont. L'appartement est situé à 2 min de là. C'est le moyen de transport le plus rapide quand il y a des bagages. Le studio se compose d'une SDB avec une grande douche, WC et lave linge, d'une cuisine équipée d'un frigo, un four à micro onde et une plaque à induction et un lit deux places confortables et un canapé, wifi inclus.
3738	Living on the Parc and 11 mins by metro to the centre of the city This beautiful newly renovated 43m2 apartment is bright, fresh, elegant, sizeable and well appointed with solid antique furniture. Parc View Paris is located in a very safe area within an art deco building from the 1930's. It has digicode access for added security and an elevator for ease of access to the fourth floor. The living room and bedroom both have majestic views over the famous Parc Buttes Chaumont. The bathroom contains a washer and a dryer, while the separate kitchen holds a dishwasher and is fully equipped with everything you could possibly need. This apartment also has high speed internet and is fully serviced by our cleaner each week. (33 euros optional extra arranged on arrival with your greeter.) Parc View Paris can accommodate 1-5 guests with a double bed in the bedroom, a sofa bed and two futon mattresses on the floor for children or relaxed adults.   We are now have The BABYBJÖRN Travel Crib for parent	Living on the Parc and 11 mins by metro to the centre of the city This beautiful newly renovated 43m2 apartment is bright, fresh, elegant, sizeable and well appointed with solid antique furniture. Parc View Paris is located in a very safe area within an art deco building from the 1930's. It has digicode access for added security and an elevator for ease of access to the fourth floor. The living room and bedroom both have majestic views over the famous Parc Buttes Chaumont. The bathroom contains a washer and a dryer, while the separate kitchen holds a dishwasher and is fully equipped with everything you could possibly need. This apartment also has high speed internet and is fully serviced by our cleaner each week. (33 euros optional extra arranged on arrival with your greeter.) Parc View Paris can accommodate 1-5 guests with a double bed in the bedroom, a sofa bed and two futon mattresses on the floor for children or relaxed adults.   We are now have The BABYBJÖRN Travel Crib for parent
3739	130m2, a three levels house, with a sunny roof terrasse on the top. A peaceful and quiet home located in a vibrant neighbourhood (nearby Canal Saint Martin and Parc de la Villette).  For a maximum of six people.  Renting for one week or more, only in summer (July/August) Don't hesitate to ask for more information.	An industrial building transformed into a house, 130 m2 on three floors, three rooms, one office, two bathrooms and a sunny roof terrasse of 30m2. 130m2, a three levels house, with a sunny roof terrasse on the top. A peaceful and quiet home located in a vibrant neighbourhood (nearby Canal Saint Martin and Parc de la Villette).  For a maximum of six people.  Renting for one week or more, only in summer (July/August) Don't hesitate to ask for more information. Guests will have access to the whole house.  I will welcome the guests. But I won't be present during their stay.  The most modern, vibrant and rejuvenated neighbourhood in Paris – the 19th District. This former industrial area is a hotspot for great nights out, massive investment and romance along the scenic canals - featured in Amélie.  Our house can be found nearby the Bassin de la Villette – connecting the famous Canal St-Martin. It's also a well connected district in Paris, with two underground Metro stations nearby. – Le Parc
3740	Super comfy, sunny, with a super view from the flowery balcony.  Near all the nice spots of the east Paris : Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Canal de l'Ourq, markets, a lot of buses which bring you in the center in 15 min	Lovely apartment in Place des Fêtes, on the hill of Belleville, next to the parc of Buttes Chaumont and Jourdain. Super sunny, full equipped kitchen (with a washing machine and a dishwasher), a living room, a bedroom, a balcony and a bathroom. There's a market three times a week just in front of the building on Place des Fêtes which we can see from the balcony, the metro station and buses lines are 20 meters away. Buttes Chaumont are 5min by foot, like the lovely neighborhood of Jourdain, the Chinatown of Belleville or the canal de l'Ourq. It's the perfect spot to enjoy the east of Paris!
3741	Ce superbe duplex permet l'indépendance totale entre les locataires. Il comprend en plus une terrasse de 40m² avec table extérieure, chaises, transats et plancha.	Chambre dans duplex au 8ème étage avec ascenseur, en colocation avec un jeune couple très discret et indépendant. Appartement très spacieux et lumineux (90 m²), avec terrasse de 40m². Proche parc de la Villette, quartier calme et agréable. Ce superbe duplex permet l'indépendance totale entre les locataires. Il comprend en plus une terrasse de 40m² avec table extérieure, chaises, transats et plancha. Cuisine et salle de bains seront partagées, vous aurez accès à toutes les zones de l'appartement. A votre guise, le sympathique couple qui y habite sera peu présent (jamais en journée), mais saura combler vos attentes. Ce n'est pas un quartier touristique, mais il est agréable à habiter car très calme. Services à proximité : boulangerie, pharmacie, petit supermarché, banque à moins de 2 minutes. métro ligne 7 Corentin Cariou et Porte de la Villette Tramway T3b Canal St Denis. De nombreuses places de parking sont disponibles sur le boulevard.
3742	Charming old flat (surface 37m2), third floor with an elevator.  Furnished kitchen, wireless, washing machine.  - 1min walk from the tube station Corentin Cariou (line 7).  - 30 sec of the canal de l'Ourq and the Park de Lavillette,  - 5 min walk from the metro station Porte de Pantin (ligne 5)  - The place is full of night clubs, museums and stores. Furthermore, this area is one of the most representative place of the Parisian's street art.	Charming old flat (surface 37m2), third floor with an elevator.  Furnished kitchen, wireless, washing machine.  - 1min walk from the tube station Corentin Cariou (line 7).  - 30 sec of the canal de l'Ourq and the Park de Lavillette,  - 5 min walk from the metro station Porte de Pantin (ligne 5)  - The place is full of night clubs, museums and stores. Furthermore, this area is one of the most representative place of the Parisian's street art.
3743	Located within a converted townhouse with a large living/dining room and fully equipped kitchen.	17 sq.m/183 sq.ft fully furnished room w/queen size bed up 2 flights of stairs in a townhouse located in a quiet courtyard. 1' walk from the Corentin Cariou station (Line 7), 15' from the Opera/Louvre Shared bathroom on the same floor. Located within a converted townhouse with a large living/dining room and fully equipped kitchen. Bedroom, bathroom (shared when the house is occupied), living room and kitchen. The attic apartment and the additional bedroom on the 3rd floor are off-limits. Will be in Paris, but not on the premises. The second-floor bedroom is currently occupied by a long-term tenant who does not use the 3rd floor. Only a minute walk away from the Parc de la Villette and its Science Museum, also close to the Canal de l'Ourcq.  This is one of Paris'  most diverse neighborhoods: Jewish, Chinese and North African stores and eateries are plentiful. A minute walk from the Corentin Cariou metro station (line7): a 15' ride from Opera and Palais-Royal. There are Velib (Bike renta
3744	5 couchages : 5 couchages et 1 lit bébé  – 63m2 Au cœur du triangle Pyrénées/Buttes-Chaumont/Village Jourdain, sur les hauteurs de Paris, cet appartement très calme et lumineux, est particulièrement adapté aux familles avec enfants: L’appartement est sur cour, à un premier étage surélevé et donne au-dessus d’une école. Il est donc extrêmement calme pendant les vacances scolaires comme les week-ends. L'immeuble dispose d'un ascenseur.  Les chambres sont indépendantes :  - une chambre avec un lit double en 160 et des rangements - une chambre d’enfant avec un lit simple en mezzanine et un lit bébé (équipement bébé complet), possibilité d'un lit d’appoint supplémentaire (matelas gonflable ou lit parapluie/prévenir en amont). Chambre remplie de jeux !! La cuisine équipée est ouverte sur un beau séjour (30m2) avec une grande baie vitrée donnant sur un balconnet. Vue dégagée, exposition très lumineuse, même par mauvais temps ! La pièce est composée d’une grande table, où l’on peut manger de 6	Sur les hauteurs de Belleville, au cœur du quartier Pyrénées-Jourdain, à 200 m du parc des Buttes Chaumont, spacieux 3 pièces avec parking, idéal avec des enfants, pour visiter Paris facilement (15 mn de Châtelet) ou se reposer au calme. 5 couchages : 5 couchages et 1 lit bébé  – 63m2 Au cœur du triangle Pyrénées/Buttes-Chaumont/Village Jourdain, sur les hauteurs de Paris, cet appartement très calme et lumineux, est particulièrement adapté aux familles avec enfants: L’appartement est sur cour, à un premier étage surélevé et donne au-dessus d’une école. Il est donc extrêmement calme pendant les vacances scolaires comme les week-ends. L'immeuble dispose d'un ascenseur.  Les chambres sont indépendantes :  - une chambre avec un lit double en 160 et des rangements - une chambre d’enfant avec un lit simple en mezzanine et un lit bébé (équipement bébé complet), possibilité d'un lit d’appoint supplémentaire (matelas gonflable ou lit parapluie/prévenir en amont). Chambre remplie de jeux !! La c
3745	Bright and quiet. Parisian style. Nicely furnished. Well equipped. 	Lovely flat in Paris. Nice vintage furniture 2 livingrooms, 1 bdr, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, separate restroom. 10 min away from the center. Close to the metro and shops,near the Canal de L'Ourq, lively and welcoming neighbourhood. Bright and quiet. Parisian style. Nicely furnished. Well equipped. Access to the whole flat : kitchen, bathroom, living-room, bedroom and office. I will give recommandations with pleasure. Big supermarket down the road. Vine shop, bakery and metro station down my flat. Every Thursday and Sunday, there is an open air farmer's market at the end of the street, should you ever feel the need to immediately cook up some classic French dishes. The district of la Villette is a very pleasant area, for its canal Ourcq and its three-filled quay and its animated bar. The event Paris Plage takes pace during the August month.  The la Villette's park with the Cité of sciences and music is so interesting to visit !  There are a lot of concerts and films in the open air. ( musi
3746	Quel endroit idéal pour cette chambre dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris, située au 1 ère étage, vous pouvez facilement accéder au Canal de l'ourcq, la cité des sciences, le Louvre, la Seine, Notre-Dame, la Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet... C'est un appartement lumineux et ensoleillé situé plein sud avec 2 chambres à coucher. L'appartement est dans un spacieux logement avec une grande terrasse de 18m2 donc idéal pour prendre l'air. La seconde chambre peut aussi être louée avec airbnb (voir nos annonces). Le quartier est aussi vivant de jour comme de nuit. Vous trouverez de nombreux cinémas, boulangeries, boucherie, pharmacies, cafés, théâtre, restaurants, supermarché, épicerie, kiosque à journaux... pour toutes les bourses ainsi que des boutiques, tous commerces dans les rues et à proximité. Le quartier est sécurisant et est très bien desservi par le bus, tram, le métro Corentin Cariou,Porte de la Villette et le bus de nuit, il vous sera donc aisé d’explorer les autres quartiers de la 	Welcome!!!! On habite en face des transports pour visiter Paris, à 2 minutes du canal de l'Ourcq et du Parc de la Villette. Jolie chambre de 10m2 dans un appartement de 61 m2. BUILDING IS BRAND NEW IT COMES TO BE JUST CREATE Quel endroit idéal pour cette chambre dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris, située au 1 ère étage, vous pouvez facilement accéder au Canal de l'ourcq, la cité des sciences, le Louvre, la Seine, Notre-Dame, la Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet... C'est un appartement lumineux et ensoleillé situé plein sud avec 2 chambres à coucher. L'appartement est dans un spacieux logement avec une grande terrasse de 18m2 donc idéal pour prendre l'air. La seconde chambre peut aussi être louée avec airbnb (voir nos annonces). Le quartier est aussi vivant de jour comme de nuit. Vous trouverez de nombreux cinémas, boulangeries, boucherie, pharmacies, cafés, théâtre, restaurants, supermarché, épicerie, kiosque à journaux... pour toutes les bourses ainsi que des boutiques, tous commerces da
3747		Grande chambre dans appartement très lumineux (2 balcons, baies vitrées) Entièrement équipé, spacieux, cosy. Big double bedroom in a bright, Cosy apartment. Furnished, big balconies, charming. Your room is big! The whole apartment. Although, I'm working at home from time to time (I'm a nail artist).
3748	Perché au sixième et dernier étage d'un immeuble pseudo-haussmannien du 19ème siècle, sans ascenseur, vous aurez la chance d'admirer la vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments (Tour Eiffel, tour Montparnasse, l'opéra de Paris, l'arc de Triomphe). L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes (un seul lit disponible), comprend une cuisine équipée (machine à laver, frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, vaisselle, four micro-onde), un double-séjour, une salle de bain et un coin chambre séparé par un paravent.  Appartement baigné de lumière, refait à neuf en 2009, parquet, haut de plafond 2.80m, orientation est-ouest (chambre à l'ouest, double séjour à l'est)	Situé dans le 10ème arrondissement, quartier animé de la place Saint Marthe, proche Canal Saint Martin, ce 2 pièces de 35m² sera le pied-à-terre idéal pour découvrir Paris. Vue exceptionnelle sur les monuments de la ville et les toits parisiens. Perché au sixième et dernier étage d'un immeuble pseudo-haussmannien du 19ème siècle, sans ascenseur, vous aurez la chance d'admirer la vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments (Tour Eiffel, tour Montparnasse, l'opéra de Paris, l'arc de Triomphe). L'appartement peut accueillir deux personnes (un seul lit disponible), comprend une cuisine équipée (machine à laver, frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, vaisselle, four micro-onde), un double-séjour, une salle de bain et un coin chambre séparé par un paravent.  Appartement baigné de lumière, refait à neuf en 2009, parquet, haut de plafond 2.80m, orientation est-ouest (chambre à l'ouest, double séjour à l'est) Tout l'appartement. Nous pouvons correspondre par mail et téléphone. Si je suis prése
3749	"Spacious living room, with a view on peaceful street and inner garden. Sofa bew convenient for 2 people, easy to open (""rapido"" system). Possibility for an extra-bed. Kitchen with refrigerator, induction plate, microwave, Hood. Bathroom with a bathtub. Separated toilet. Library, cupboard. LCD TV from 16th july."	"This cute parisian flat makes it easy to enjoy delicious walks in the splendid Buttes-Chaumont park (created by Napoleon III and Baron Haussmann), wander in the parisian village of Belleville, with its old buildings and paved streets and restaurants. Spacious living room, with a view on peaceful street and inner garden. Sofa bew convenient for 2 people, easy to open (""rapido"" system). Possibility for an extra-bed. Kitchen with refrigerator, induction plate, microwave, Hood. Bathroom with a bathtub. Separated toilet. Library, cupboard. LCD TV from 16th july. Public Wifi ouside (hotspot of Ville de Paris, Parc des Buttes-Chaumont). WIFI inside the flat 3G OK. Very good knowledge of the surrounding area and Belleville, il would be a pleasure to tell you about the places, restaurant, and shops next door. Just steps from a main entrance of the Buttes-Chaumont Park, one of the more romantics gardens of Paris. Quiet and green district, shopping and restaurant areas (rue de Belleville) at 6 mi"
3750	Located on the 10th floor with a clear view and a lot of natural light. Up to 4 people can be accomodated on that 52m2 apartement.  Au 10e étage, une vue dégagée et beaucoup de lumière naturelle, cet appartement de 52M2 peut accueillir 4 personnes.  Appartement situé dans le 19eme, entre le parc de la Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, proche des transports (métro, bus, bus de nuit, tramway) et de tous les commerces, à 20 minutes du Marais en transports en commun (bus 75 direct). Situé au 10eme étage avec une vue dégagée et très éclairé dans un quartier vivant et sympathique. Parfait pour vivre une expérience à la Parisienne comme un Parisien. Une chambre fermée et un canapé-lit peuvent loger jusqu'à 4 personnes en tout confort. Pour les fans d'aviation, vous aurez la chance de vous relaxer sur de véritables fauteuils Classe Affaires d'Air France des années 90 (voir photos). Nice flat conveniently located in the 19th district between the Parc de la Villette and the Buttes Chaumont park, 	Located on the 10th floor with a clear view and a lot of natural light. Up to 4 people can be accomodated on that 52m2 apartement.  Au 10e étage, une vue dégagée et beaucoup de lumière naturelle, cet appartement de 52M2 peut accueillir 4 personnes.  Appartement situé dans le 19eme, entre le parc de la Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, proche des transports (métro, bus, bus de nuit, tramway) et de tous les commerces, à 20 minutes du Marais en transports en commun (bus 75 direct). Situé au 10eme étage avec une vue dégagée et très éclairé dans un quartier vivant et sympathique. Parfait pour vivre une expérience à la Parisienne comme un Parisien. Une chambre fermée et un canapé-lit peuvent loger jusqu'à 4 personnes en tout confort. Pour les fans d'aviation, vous aurez la chance de vous relaxer sur de véritables fauteuils Classe Affaires d'Air France des années 90 (voir photos). Nice flat conveniently located in the 19th district between the Parc de la Villette and the Buttes Chaumont park, 
3751	Renovation January 2015: New MATTRESS, MATELAS.  New air extractor and white tiles in the bathroom. Aération (extracteur) et carrelage sale de bains.  Repairing entrance door, and painting. Rabotage porte d'entrée, et peinture. Small decorative paintings. Décoration, petits tableaux. Location au MOIS  / JOUR. Rent per MONTH / DAY  Welcome to Paris :) à coté du Parc de Belleville, proche du Parc Butte Chaumont,  métro 11, 2, station Pyrénées ou Belleville.  -------------------------- - connexion metro gare de l'Est, gare de Lyon, gare Montparnasse (TGV train stations)  - 20 min de la gare du Nord (metro 2, bus 26) : connexion directe aéroport CDG et ORLY. - Toutes commodités, salles de concerts, petits restos, cafés, quartier animé. - Close to the market, restaurants, shopping, concerts. - Supérette ouverte 24/24. Day night open super market. - Machine à laver. Washing machine.  - Laverie à 1 min. Laundry next to the building. - 5 min de Menilmontant, 5 min de la Republique down town. -	Renovation January 2015: New MATTRESS, MATELAS.  New air extractor and white tiles in the bathroom. Aération (extracteur) et carrelage sale de bains.  Repairing entrance door, and painting. Rabotage porte d'entrée, et peinture. Small decorative paintings. Décoration, petits tableaux. Location au MOIS  / JOUR. Rent per MONTH / DAY  Welcome to Paris :) à coté du Parc de Belleville, proche du Parc Butte Chaumont,  métro 11, 2, station Pyrénées ou Belleville.  -------------------------- - connexion metro gare de l'Est, gare de Lyon, gare Montparnasse (TGV train stations)  - 20 min de la gare du Nord (metro 2, bus 26) : connexion directe aéroport CDG et ORLY. - Toutes commodités, salles de concerts, petits restos, cafés, quartier animé. - Close to the market, restaurants, shopping, concerts. - Supérette ouverte 24/24. Day night open super market. - Machine à laver. Washing machine.  - Laverie à 1 min. Laundry next to the building. - 5 min de Menilmontant, 5 min de la Republique down town. -
3752	With its two separated bed rooms, the flat is easy to use and comfortable. Its location on the last floor offers a beautyful light and is really quiet.	"Nice, quiet & luminous duplex, clear view  Popular quarter  Close to the canal, metro, shops  5th floor no elevator Concierge    With its two separated bed rooms, the flat is easy to use and comfortable. Its location on the last floor offers a beautyful light and is really quiet. Our flat is available when we have to leave Paris, but we will be able to welcome and inform our guests about the facilities in Paris and nearby the appartment. We live in a popular quarter.  Its assets: -le canal de l'Ourcq (""Paris plage"" in summer)  -""La Villette"", its park, ""la Géode"" (Imax®), ""le planetarium"", Paris Philarmony (brand new !), Museum of science and industry, Stalingrad square and its restaurants / bars, cinémas. Metro Crimée (ligne 7).  50 minutes from the airports, by RER (""Paris by train"") and metro."
3753	Il est bien pensé et spacieux et propre.	Grand studio de 28 mètre carré, tout confort. Lumineux, bien situé : proche des quartiers Belleville, Gambetta, Oberkampf. À 3 minutes du parc de Belleville et à 5 minutes du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Ligne de métro direct pour République et Châtelet Les Halles. Idéal couple. Baignoire. Lave linge. Ascenseur. Internet. Il est bien pensé et spacieux et propre. Je peux vous montrer les quelques cafés et restaurants que je préfère dans mon quartier ! Quartier jeune. L'ambiance est populaire, de nombreux artistes parisiens y résident. La proximité avec le reste de Paris car la ligne 11 traverse tout le nord de Paris jusqu'à Châtelet. Metro ligne 11:  Jourdain ou Place des Fêtes. De nombreux bus. Vélib. Autolib.
3754	News: January 2015: New MATTRESS, MATELAS.  New air extractor in the bathroom. Aération (extracteur) sale de bains. New closet for shirts. Placard pour les chemises.  Repairing entrance door. Rabotage porte d'entrée.  Small decorative paintings. Décoration, petits tableaux. Location au MOIS  / JOUR. Rent per MONTH / DAY  Welcome to Paris :) à coté du Parc de Belleville, proche du Parc Butte Chaumont,  métro 11, 2, station Pyrénées ou Belleville.  - connexion metro gare de l'Est, gare de Lyon, gare Montparnasse (TGV train stations)  - 20 min de la gare du Nord (metro 2, bus 26) : connexion directe aéroport CDG et ORLY. - Toutes commodités, salles de concerts, petits restos, cafés, quartier animé. - Close to the market, restaurants, shopping, concerts. - Supérette ouverte 24/24. Day night open super market. - 5 min de Menilmontant, 5 min de la Republique down town. - 10 min du Sacré Coeur, Montmartre.  - Views of Paris, Montmartre.  - Deux fenêtres. Vue sur Paris, Sacré Coeur. Double vit	News: January 2015: New MATTRESS, MATELAS.  New air extractor in the bathroom. Aération (extracteur) sale de bains. New closet for shirts. Placard pour les chemises.  Repairing entrance door. Rabotage porte d'entrée.  Small decorative paintings. Décoration, petits tableaux. Location au MOIS  / JOUR. Rent per MONTH / DAY  Welcome to Paris :) à coté du Parc de Belleville, proche du Parc Butte Chaumont,  métro 11, 2, station Pyrénées ou Belleville.  - connexion metro gare de l'Est, gare de Lyon, gare Montparnasse (TGV train stations)  - 20 min de la gare du Nord (metro 2, bus 26) : connexion directe aéroport CDG et ORLY. - Toutes commodités, salles de concerts, petits restos, cafés, quartier animé. - Close to the market, restaurants, shopping, concerts. - Supérette ouverte 24/24. Day night open super market. - 5 min de Menilmontant, 5 min de la Republique down town. - 10 min du Sacré Coeur, Montmartre.  - Views of Paris, Montmartre.  - Deux fenêtres. Vue sur Paris, Sacré Coeur. Double vit
3755		Décoration néo vintage, tout confort, vue splendide sur Paris. Résidence calme, à deux pas du canal de l'Ourcq et du Parc de la Villette, dans un quartier populaire et animé.
3756		A spatious 2 room apartment with all comfort for compensate the city life.  You may wish to cook one evening and stay at home, watching a movie or just relaxing reading a book, fill-up your energies for exploring the city, nearby aera of Belleville and Canal St Martin, at the core of the communist party build by Niemayer. Here you are close to everything and at the same time a step away.
3757	Sunny apartment for 4 persons. Very nice view over the roofs of Paris and on the city. You can see the Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, the Sacre Coeur. Strategic location to radiate very easily in Paris, there are 2 metro stations serving very quickly and directly: - 20' Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur - The Elysés fields - 10' Pompidou modern art center (Beaubourg). - 15' Châtelet, the Seine and its bridges, the new bridge and the Louvre pyramid ... - 15' Galeries Lafayette (History French Grand store!) - The Saint Martin Canal is 8 'walk in the neighborhood, find the romantic atmosphere of the famous French film Amélie. Lots of very good restaurants, the Chateaubriand among others. The Holy Place marthe the canal saint martin are very trendy places, bobo, or mix the shops and restaurants in the kitchen constantly renewed. The sun in the late afternoon, it is very nice to go to the terrace to relax, read a guide, take a refreshment. It is located very high up (last floor) at 6em floor. It is 	    Apartment very bright, large terrace with panoramic view of Paris. 15 'from the center of Paris and the Seine, Châtelet Les Halles. Sacre Coeur, Montmartre is 6 metro stations in 15 '. 15 'Great shops lafayettes galleries.    Sunny apartment for 4 persons. Very nice view over the roofs of Paris and on the city. You can see the Eiffel Tower, Beaubourg, the Sacre Coeur. Strategic location to radiate very easily in Paris, there are 2 metro stations serving very quickly and directly: - 20' Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur - The Elysés fields - 10' Pompidou modern art center (Beaubourg). - 15' Châtelet, the Seine and its bridges, the new bridge and the Louvre pyramid ... - 15' Galeries Lafayette (History French Grand store!) - The Saint Martin Canal is 8 'walk in the neighborhood, find the romantic atmosphere of the famous French film Amélie. Lots of very good restaurants, the Chateaubriand among others. The Holy Place marthe the canal saint martin are very trendy places, bobo, or mix the
3758	A bed two places is available for short breaks. Living room is openned on the kitchen, with 2 sofas and a library .	Apartment shared by two roommates and a cat. A sofa bed two places is available in bedroom released for the occasion. Free access to kitchen, bathroom and living room. 3min from subway, 15min from Chatelet.
3759	Idéal pour sortir, centre de Paris et facile d'accès en transport. Quartier des ateliers d’artistes. Appartement typiquement Parisien dans un quartier populaire et branché de la ville lumière.  Lumineux et chaleureux. Très sympathique et calme. 1 chambre pour 2 personne et possibilité d'ouvrir le canapé lit pour loger une 3 ème voir une 4 ème personne. Appartement fumeur.	Idéal pour sortir, centre de Paris et facile d'accès en transport. Quartier des ateliers d’artistes. Appartement typiquement Parisien dans un quartier populaire et branché de la ville lumière.  Lumineux et chaleureux. Très sympathique et calme. 1 chambre pour 2 personne et possibilité d'ouvrir le canapé lit pour loger une 3 ème voir une 4 ème personne. Appartement fumeur. L'appartement est loué en entier.  La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, des plaques électriques, d'une machine à laver et toute la vaisselle nécessaire.  Les draps sont compris mais pas les serviettes de bains. Le ménage est compris dans le prix total.  Un accès wifi est disponible. Des trottinettes sont également à dispo. Je demande à ce qu'on ne touche pas à certains placards et a la partie supérieur du frigo. Je serais toujours joignable pendant le séjour si besoin. C'est moi qui m'occupe de l'arrivée et du départ des voyageurs. Je parle Espagnol et Anglais. Quartier populaire et branché, tout est à porté de mains. P
3760	That is a 3T (54 m 2) with two rooms and a living room with an open kitchen, bathroom with a larg shower and independant WC. In each rooms there is large bed for couples. It is furnished with oven, fridge, washing machine, phone and wifi. The flat is full of sun, exposed to the south with large windows. Its is situated by the canal de l'Ourcq and La Villette, very close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Jaures and the MK2 cinémas. It is a quiet street in a dynamic area full of vegetation and watter (very rare in Paris). You can acces to it by subway line 5 station Ourcq or line 7 station Crimée and also by bus 60. It is 10 minute far from gare du Nord and 20 minute far from the very center town of Paris.	12 square metter room in a sunny appartment 54 square metter, by the canal near Parc de la Villette, Buttes Chaumont and Belleville. That is a 3T (54 m 2) with two rooms and a living room with an open kitchen, bathroom with a larg shower and independant WC. In each rooms there is large bed for couples. It is furnished with oven, fridge, washing machine, phone and wifi. The flat is full of sun, exposed to the south with large windows. Its is situated by the canal de l'Ourcq and La Villette, very close to Parc des Buttes Chaumont, Belleville, Jaures and the MK2 cinémas. It is a quiet street in a dynamic area full of vegetation and watter (very rare in Paris). You can acces to it by subway line 5 station Ourcq or line 7 station Crimée and also by bus 60. It is 10 minute far from gare du Nord and 20 minute far from the very center town of Paris. You can have access to the entire flat expect my room and stuffs tidy in cupboards. You can ask me any question you have regarding the appartment,
3761		We welcome you in Paris in a 80m2 flat near canal  we are 2 persons in the appartment producer of events(m) and fashiondesigner(w) look on canal, many shops, sympatic bars and guingettes concerts hall, cinemas, supermarkets... metro
3762	My apartment is located 100 m from the Buttes Chaumont's Park and the metro (Laumière), in a very beautiful area of Paris (between a park and a canal!), at 3 metro's station from gare du nord (Eurostar station) and Gare de l'Est, a just few minutes to the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Pigalle and not more than 15 minutes to Place de la République, the Place de l'Opéra and  Place de la Bastille.   Newly refurbished, the apartment is located in a stylish Hausmannian building secured with entry code, on the third floor with elevator (4th American), overlooking a courtyard. There is a  maximum of 4 adults. Spacious of  436 P²  (40 m²), very sunny and very quiet because the flat is oriented on courtyard (SW). A main living room with one sofa and in an independent place the sleeping room with an office.  Open Kitchen and bathroom are fully equipped (washing-machine, toaster, freezer fridge, iron and ironing-board).  There is also the wifi (2 networks available) and all included (courtesy phone i	Newly refurnished, the apartment is located near the (beautiful) Buttes-Chaumont park. Composed of two independent rooms, this flat of 40 square meter has got everything (wifi and broadband connexion/washing machine/dishwasher/hair dryer...) My apartment is located 100 m from the Buttes Chaumont's Park and the metro (Laumière), in a very beautiful area of Paris (between a park and a canal!), at 3 metro's station from gare du nord (Eurostar station) and Gare de l'Est, a just few minutes to the Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, Pigalle and not more than 15 minutes to Place de la République, the Place de l'Opéra and  Place de la Bastille.   Newly refurbished, the apartment is located in a stylish Hausmannian building secured with entry code, on the third floor with elevator (4th American), overlooking a courtyard. There is a  maximum of 4 adults. Spacious of  436 P²  (40 m²), very sunny and very quiet because the flat is oriented on courtyard (SW). A main living room with one sofa and in an indep
3763		T1 de 33m2 à paris 19em proche de tout transports et commerces meublé, chambre, SDB avec baignoire, cuisine équipe, wifi, balcon, dans une résidence de qualité,
3764		Entre le canal de l'Ourcq et le centre 104, au sixième avec ascenseur, dans la charmante cour d'une co-propriété, pavée, en duplex avec une vue sur les toits. Toilettes sur le palier au charme d'un Paris fin de siècle, parfait comme havre de paix.
3765		grand 45m2 dans immeuble récent dans le 19e arrondissement de Paris, 5 min du Parc de La Villette, 1minute du T3, 5 minute du métro.
3766	It is a 100m2 apartment with 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 living room and 1 kitchen . It is bright and very well placed . It's very rare to have such a great living space in Paris and in a popular and artistic neighborhood like that.	A nice bright room in a great roommate with three other people . Personal bathroom , nice kitchen and cozy living room. It is a 100m2 apartment with 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 living room and 1 kitchen . It is bright and very well placed . It's very rare to have such a great living space in Paris and in a popular and artistic neighborhood like that. There are all the shops down the house (coffee / tobacco , pharmacy, supermarket, bakery , post office) and even the market 3 times a week (Tuesday , Friday and Sunday) ! It's so nice to walk upon waking and then take the air at the Parc des Buttes Chaumont , which is a 10 minute walk . Life is sweet at Place des Festivals ! The metro Place des Fêtes (line 11) is 2 minutes walk (just across the square).
3767	LOCATION: This flat is on the 12th floor of one of the highest spots in Paris and is close to its biggest park : les Buttes Chaumont (5 min walk). The area is very popular and artsy, with the beautiful townhouses of the Pré Saint-Gervais, the Butte Chaumont park, la Villette and the incredible Belleville hills!  You will have an express access to the center of Paris. With the metro 50m away, you can go to République in 5 minutes or to Chatelet in 10.  There are all kinds of grocery stores nearby and a day market tree times a week. THE FLAT: Two bedrooms with double-beds in each. A kitchen with induction plates, a fridge, a freezer and an oven. Fully-equipped bathroom with big shower.  And best of all, the living room! huge and with a 180° view (L'arc de triomphe and la Madeleine, la géode, Centre Pompidou and the new Philarmonic opera)	If you want to live in a very central spot in Paris while appreciating a panoramic view, this is the place for you. With full sunshine all afternoon, it is so nice you can tan inside. Two full size beds, supermarket downstairs and 50m to the metro ! LOCATION: This flat is on the 12th floor of one of the highest spots in Paris and is close to its biggest park : les Buttes Chaumont (5 min walk). The area is very popular and artsy, with the beautiful townhouses of the Pré Saint-Gervais, the Butte Chaumont park, la Villette and the incredible Belleville hills!  You will have an express access to the center of Paris. With the metro 50m away, you can go to République in 5 minutes or to Chatelet in 10.  There are all kinds of grocery stores nearby and a day market tree times a week. THE FLAT: Two bedrooms with double-beds in each. A kitchen with induction plates, a fridge, a freezer and an oven. Fully-equipped bathroom with big shower.  And best of all, the living room! huge and with a 180° v
3768	Ce charmant deux-pièces ancien bénéficie d'une jolie lumière, grâce à ses deux fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant. Lovely Parisian apartment, located on the top floor (4th, no elevator), bright light, wood floor, nice view over typical Parisian roofs, balcony. It is 3 minutes away from the nearest metro station ( lines 7, 2 and 5) and  you are about 10 minutes away from the center of Paris or any major sightseeing spots.  This apartment is located near the Canal de L'ourcq and Canal St-Martin in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. You can easily stroll along the canals (such a romantic scenery!), watch Parisians having picnic there in the Spring or Summer, enjoy the cinemas nearby, have dinner at any of the numerous cafés-bistrots and restaurants or  walk up to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont in the vicinity.	Charmant appartement typique parisien, lumineux et entièrement équipé pour 3 personnes. Situé au 4ème dernier étage (sans ascenseur, eh oui nous sommes à Paris!), petite vue sur les toits, parquet ancien, à 100m du métro. Commerces à proximité. Ce charmant deux-pièces ancien bénéficie d'une jolie lumière, grâce à ses deux fenêtres donnant sur un balcon filant. Lovely Parisian apartment, located on the top floor (4th, no elevator), bright light, wood floor, nice view over typical Parisian roofs, balcony. It is 3 minutes away from the nearest metro station ( lines 7, 2 and 5) and  you are about 10 minutes away from the center of Paris or any major sightseeing spots.  This apartment is located near the Canal de L'ourcq and Canal St-Martin in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. You can easily stroll along the canals (such a romantic scenery!), watch Parisians having picnic there in the Spring or Summer, enjoy the cinemas nearby, have dinner at any of the numerous cafés-bistrots and restauran
3769	Spacious loft style apartment with a big, airy central living / working / kitchen space and a separated, light and quiet bedroom with a luxury queen-size mattress and top of the line bedding.  The living space is simply but elegantly furnished with leather couches and awesome artwork (in my opinion!), making it a nice place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.  There is a also a working space with a vintage desk for those who need to catch up with work, or for checking e-mails, booking your next trip, etc. Guests are welcome to use books in the library (fiction, non-fiction, some books on Paris and wine), but please make sure to treat them like your own.  The kitchen has a small microwave-style oven, so unfortunately not ideal for professional bakers. However, there is a large stove, and a brand-new fridge/freezer. Guests are of course welcome to use the Illy Expresso machine. 	Spacious loft-style flat in the most exciting and bohemian areas in Paris, at the meeting point of the Canal St. Martin & Canal de l'Ourcq.  Large and open living space, and a cozy, peaceful bedroom with queen size bed. 3 subway lines 1 minute away. Spacious loft style apartment with a big, airy central living / working / kitchen space and a separated, light and quiet bedroom with a luxury queen-size mattress and top of the line bedding.  The living space is simply but elegantly furnished with leather couches and awesome artwork (in my opinion!), making it a nice place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.  There is a also a working space with a vintage desk for those who need to catch up with work, or for checking e-mails, booking your next trip, etc. Guests are welcome to use books in the library (fiction, non-fiction, some books on Paris and wine), but please make sure to treat them like your own.  The kitchen has a small microwave-style oven, so unfortunately not ideal for profession
3770	L'appartement (45m2) est situé au premier étage d'un bel immeuble, à 3 min du métro Jourdain et 5 min des Buttes Chaumont.  Il comprend un entrée avec cuisine, une chambre (lit 2 places), un salon avec un canapé convertible (2 places), et une salle d'eau avec douche et wc.	Très bel appartement 2 pièces typiquement parisien (parquet, moulures, cheminées). Entièrement équipé et idéalement situé au cœur du village Jourdain, à quelques mètres des Buttes Chaumont. Grande entrée avec cuisine, 1 salon, 1 chambre, sdb avec wc. L'appartement (45m2) est situé au premier étage d'un bel immeuble, à 3 min du métro Jourdain et 5 min des Buttes Chaumont.  Il comprend un entrée avec cuisine, une chambre (lit 2 places), un salon avec un canapé convertible (2 places), et une salle d'eau avec douche et wc. Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement et des équipements. Je suis joignable tout au long du séjour de mes voyageurs pour toutes question sur l'appartement, le quartier, ou même Paris en général ! Jourdain est un village très animé en journée et le week-end. Il y a une véritable vie de quartier avec beaucoup de restaurants, bars et petits commerces. La Parc des Buttes Chaumont se trouve à 5 minutes, idéal pour un picnic ou un footing :) Métro Ligne 11, ar
3771	Apartment very bright of 40m2. The first room of 13m2 has a very good sofa bed. The second bedroom, 10m2, available from June 25th, has a loft bed, one desk and some storage space. The apartment is non smoking. There is a shower room which also contains a washing machine. The kitchen is very well equipped. It is also the friendly room in the house, one can eat or have tea by talking for hours ... The bedroom windows overlook rue de Belleville but there is a good double glazing. The kitchen overlooks the courtyard.	Apartment located on line 11 (Pyrenees) 2 steps from the Buttes Chaumont Park. Very spacious and very bright, there are 2 rooms, can accommodate four people in total. Big Plus : a great guide of the neighborhood :) Apartment very bright of 40m2. The first room of 13m2 has a very good sofa bed. The second bedroom, 10m2, available from June 25th, has a loft bed, one desk and some storage space. The apartment is non smoking. There is a shower room which also contains a washing machine. The kitchen is very well equipped. It is also the friendly room in the house, one can eat or have tea by talking for hours ... The bedroom windows overlook rue de Belleville but there is a good double glazing. The kitchen overlooks the courtyard. You will have access to: -Wifi -Sheets And towels -Screen Computer in the room of 13m2 to project movies -Hair dryer -Shampoing -Oven and hobs -Coffeemaker -Kettle -Toaster -Washing machine -Dishwasher We'll see you at the time of check in and check out for the key
3772		Studio lumineux, au 6ème étage sans ascenseur, tout équipé, avec une vraie mezzanine haute de plafond, lit 2 places.  Refait à neuf.  Situé dans une rue très commerçante, à 5 minutes de marche du Parc des Buttes Chaumont et du canal Saint-Martin.
3773		To rent a room-appartment close to Paris. 15 minutes away from Paris in a Nice and calm area. Idéal for a weekend or few days for lovers in romantic city of love. Room with 2-persons bed. Ability to add a one-person bed in case you are a group of 3.
3774		Appartement très agréable de 46m², disposant d'un vaste salon et d'une cuisine ouverte. Situé au 4ème étage avec ascenseur d'une résidence bien protégée, au cœur du 20ème arrondissement, à 5 minutes du métro Jourdain. Treèèèès calme ! Accès à l'appart entier ! Ligne 11, métro Jourdain ou Place des fêtes ! 5 nuits mini !
3775	Une chambre cocon , très bon lit double, un salon avec très bon lit simple(canapé), parquet dans toutes les pièces .  Appartement très calme et lumineux , 3 éme étage,sans ascenseur. 	métro Botzaris,Danube,Ourcq. 2 mn commerces. 1 lit double,1 lit simple. 1 chambre,1 salon, petite cuisine,et salle de bain wc. Une chambre cocon , très bon lit double, un salon avec très bon lit simple(canapé), parquet dans toutes les pièces .  Appartement très calme et lumineux , 3 éme étage,sans ascenseur. Les Buttes Chaumont , Le Parc de la Villette à 4mn à pieds.  Le Canal St Martin,bassin de l'Ourcq, cinémas: 10mn à pieds. Buttes Chaumont:Bar/bal populaire: le Rosa Bonheur   Parc de la Villette:Cité des sciences ,Géode,théâtre de la Villette,Cité de la Musique,Philharmonique de Paris ...  Bassin de l'Ourcq,Canal St Martin : deux cinémas,bars et restau tout au long du canal. Epicerie,boulangerie,superette en bas de l'immeuble. En voiture :Porte de Pantin ou Porte des Lilas  En métro :Botzaris, Danube ou Ourcq  En bus: ligne:75,60,48 tramway: 3 B lindes de maison  fournis : draps , serviettes ,torchons vaisselle ...
3776	Joli petit deux pièces très cosy	Appartement 30m2 comportant 2 pièces, cuisine américaine , salle de bain douche.Entièrement refait à neuf,très lumineux;  Bien situé: à une minute du  métro  Riquet ,proche de divers commerces (casino,Auchan market....) et également  de PARIS Plage! Joli petit deux pièces très cosy d' un coté les bords de Seine de l’autre la rue de Flandre et ses divers commerces proche du metro Riquet et du bus ligne 54
3777	7 min from the center of Paris , the métro station is down my building. Room for rent in an apartment of 67 m2, 4 rooms.  The appartment is  well located, top floor (6th) of a Haussmanian building overlooking Paris (there is an elevator). The area is on the top of one of the Parisian hill. The building is quiet, the appartment is sunny (double exposure), view of all over Paris from the kitchen window and from this bed room.  The windows of the bedrooms are equiped whith double glazing. The appartment has wooden floor, in each bedroom the ceiling has mouldings, each bed room has a fireplace. The appartment is furnished , and equiped with washing machine, dishwasher, etc.. WIFI. You can prepare your meals in the kitchen.  The building is located 50 m away from shops and the very convenient metro line 11  (brown line), our station is called Pyrénées ( Châtelet the Center of Paris is 7 minutes by metro). The appartment is located at 100 m from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (park) and 200 m 	7 min from the center of Paris , the métro station is down my building. Room for rent in an apartment of 67 m2, 4 rooms.  The appartment is  well located, top floor (6th) of a Haussmanian building overlooking Paris (there is an elevator). The area is on the top of one of the Parisian hill. The building is quiet, the appartment is sunny (double exposure), view of all over Paris from the kitchen window and from this bed room.  The windows of the bedrooms are equiped whith double glazing. The appartment has wooden floor, in each bedroom the ceiling has mouldings, each bed room has a fireplace. The appartment is furnished , and equiped with washing machine, dishwasher, etc.. WIFI. You can prepare your meals in the kitchen.  The building is located 50 m away from shops and the very convenient metro line 11  (brown line), our station is called Pyrénées ( Châtelet the Center of Paris is 7 minutes by metro). The appartment is located at 100 m from the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (park) and 200 m 
3778	Wireless internet Hoover, washing-machine Bathtub, separate toilet  	A 46m2 flat to share with one roommate and two lovely cats One room  Wireless internet Hoover, washing-machine Bathtub, separate toilet  Peaceful neighborhood; a place where families live and don't party 15 minutes for the center of Paris (Châtelet) Subway, Tramway 
3779		Situé sur une butte isolée des affres de la capitale et voisine du parc des buttes chaumont, cet appartement, très lumineux, est un véritable havre de paix. Idéal pour un petit séjour en couple ou une ellipse temporelle en solo.
3780	"Fully furnished one bedroom apartment. Top floor of a 4-story walk-up building (1900) 40 sq.meters. Balcony (4 sq.m)  Very Quiet. Very beautiful. Clear and sunny.  Close to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont.  Métro ""Jourdain"" or ""Botzaris"". Close to historical center (le Marais) by metro (ligne 11). Decorative Fireplace, free Internet, Laundry inside the apartment, Dryer, TV HD, Free Wifi) Smoking not permitted (Balcony is OK to smoke :) No elevator. "	"Beautiful top floor one bedroom flat in Jourdain close to the Park of Buttes Chaumond. At ten minutes of the center and the Marais by metro (Jourdain Station) Fully furnished one bedroom apartment. Top floor of a 4-story walk-up building (1900) 40 sq.meters. Balcony (4 sq.m)  Very Quiet. Very beautiful. Clear and sunny.  Close to the Parc des Buttes Chaumont.  Métro ""Jourdain"" or ""Botzaris"". Close to historical center (le Marais) by metro (ligne 11). Decorative Fireplace, free Internet, Laundry inside the apartment, Dryer, TV HD, Free Wifi) Smoking not permitted (Balcony is OK to smoke :) No elevator. "
3781	L'appartement fait 40 m², il est composé d'une entrée qui dessert le salon / cuisine, la chambre et les WC. On accède à la salle de bain depuis la chambre. L'appartement est baigné de lumière grâce à trois grandes baies vitrées. celles-ci courent sur toute la longueur de l'appartement. Un balcon sur lequel il est possible de déjeuner à 2 / 3 personnes suit aussi toute la longueur de l'appartement.	L'appartement est très calme et lumineux. Il se compose d'un salon / cuisine, d'une chambre, d'une salle de bain et de WC séparés. L'appartement a également un grand balcon filant orienté plein Sud permettant de manger dehors à deux personnes. L'appartement fait 40 m², il est composé d'une entrée qui dessert le salon / cuisine, la chambre et les WC. On accède à la salle de bain depuis la chambre. L'appartement est baigné de lumière grâce à trois grandes baies vitrées. celles-ci courent sur toute la longueur de l'appartement. Un balcon sur lequel il est possible de déjeuner à 2 / 3 personnes suit aussi toute la longueur de l'appartement. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. L’appartement est situé entre le parc des Buttes Chaumont et le canal de St Martin / Canal de l'Ourcq.  La vie de quartier vous offrira à la fois des commerces de bouche (av Secrétan), des cinémas (MK2 quai de Loire / quai de Seine), des bars (le long des canaux, place Sainte Marthe, dans les Buttes Chaumo
3782	L'appartement offre toutes les commodités nécessaires à un séjour confortable. Serviettes, draps, couverture, oreillers, rangements sont mis à votre disposition. La chambre est agréable et douce à habiter, un balcon privatif vous permet même de prendre l'air en pyjama..  Le lit est un matelas double posé par terre, simple et confortable. La chambre convient à une personne seule. Il y a 2 chambres dans l'appartement, l'autre est occupée par la locataire. La salle de bain a une baignoire. Le salon et la cuisine font une pièce très grande, un grand bar les sépare. Le balcon du salon est aussi spacieux. Petit déj au soleil garanti quand il fait beau!  Dans le salon se trouve un grand clavier électrique, vous pouvez en jouer si ça vous dit (pas trop tard le soir par contre !).  Cette pièce à vivre est réellement agréable, avec sa déco boule à facettes et coin canapés colorés! La cuisine est entièrement équipée, casseroles, four, micro-onde, frigo, bref tout ce dont on peut avoir besoin pour	Chambre avec balcon dans appartement très spacieux, cosy et mignon, sur l'Avenue de Flandre, à 2 pas du canal de l'Ourcq ! Grand salon/cuisine américaine-bar moderne et équipée. Résidence calme, transports et commodités à quelques pas. L'appartement offre toutes les commodités nécessaires à un séjour confortable. Serviettes, draps, couverture, oreillers, rangements sont mis à votre disposition. La chambre est agréable et douce à habiter, un balcon privatif vous permet même de prendre l'air en pyjama..  Le lit est un matelas double posé par terre, simple et confortable. La chambre convient à une personne seule. Il y a 2 chambres dans l'appartement, l'autre est occupée par la locataire. La salle de bain a une baignoire. Le salon et la cuisine font une pièce très grande, un grand bar les sépare. Le balcon du salon est aussi spacieux. Petit déj au soleil garanti quand il fait beau!  Dans le salon se trouve un grand clavier électrique, vous pouvez en jouer si ça vous dit (pas trop tard le s
3783	You love Paris? Me too ! And I’m glad to share this wonderful city with you !  I’ll let you know about all the secrets of this amazing city ! Discover Paris from a confortable and all furnished apartment close to the main spots of the city. Located at 3min walking from the tube line 7 direct to the center city. 15min from Opera and 20min from Musée du Louvre and Galeries Lafayette. Very close of 2 big parcs : Buttes Chaumont La Villette Flat of 43m2- 463 square feet - bedroom - 2 people - living room sofa bed for 2 more persons - office corner in the living room  - fully equipped kitchen : Stove, refrigerator, oven, freezer, italien style espresso maker  - Bathroom with a VERY large shower - separated toilet, all red - washing machine - Internet and WiFi acess - Cable TV and DVD player Very good boulangerie 5min walk withy the best croissant of the city Chez Juliette Couderc 102, rue de Flandres - Paris 19e 7h30–19h30 (sam., dim. 8h–19h). M°: Crimée Very beautiful Buttes Chaumont ( 15m	Two rooms in a typically Parisian building with a great kitchen and any conveniences, close metro 7 and center of Paris, just a step from the canal de l'Ourcq and the big Parc de La Villette. Quiet area and lots of shops around. You love Paris? Me too ! And I’m glad to share this wonderful city with you !  I’ll let you know about all the secrets of this amazing city ! Discover Paris from a confortable and all furnished apartment close to the main spots of the city. Located at 3min walking from the tube line 7 direct to the center city. 15min from Opera and 20min from Musée du Louvre and Galeries Lafayette. Very close of 2 big parcs : Buttes Chaumont La Villette Flat of 43m2- 463 square feet - bedroom - 2 people - living room sofa bed for 2 more persons - office corner in the living room  - fully equipped kitchen : Stove, refrigerator, oven, freezer, italien style espresso maker  - Bathroom with a VERY large shower - separated toilet, all red - washing machine - Internet and WiFi acess 
3784	Je loue une grande chambre dans mon appartement, il est également occupé par une étudiante de 24 ans très agréable et discrète qui fait des études de documentaliste après avoir fait les beaux arts. La location de la chambre autorise l'utilisation de la cuisine et du salon bien entendu. La chambre est grande 12 m2, elle est indépendante avec salle de bain attenante, elle est équipée d'un lit neuf, bureau, armoire... L'appartement  compte 3 pièces, il est de  style ancien (cheminées prussiennes, parquet..) il comprend :salon, cuisine équipée, 2 chambres indépendantes, salle de bain, il est traversant, ensoleillé, calme, donnant sur une cour dégagée et fleurie, il est au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble. Il est à deux pas du métro, RER à proximité. Le quartier est très agréable, il est à côté du canal de l'Ourcq, il y a deux cinémas, deux parcs La Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, des salles de concert. Balades possibles le long du canal de l'Ourcq, piste cyclable.  stations velib à proxi	Je loue une grande chambre dans mon appartement.  La location de la chambre donne accès à l'utilisation de la cuisine et du salon. La chambre est grande 12 m2, elle est indépendante, elle est équipée d'un lit neuf, bureau, armoire... L'appartement  compte 3 pièces, il est de  style ancien (cheminées prussiennes, parquet..) il comprend :salon, cuisine équipée, 2 chambres indépendantes, salle de bain, il est traversant, ensoleillé, calme, donnant sur une cour dégagée et fleurie, il est au dernier étage d'un petit immeuble. Il est à deux pas du métro, RER à proximité. Le quartier est très agréable, il est à côté du canal de l'Ourcq, il y a deux cinémas, deux parcs La Villette et les Buttes Chaumont, des salles de concert. Balades possibles le long du canal de l'Ourcq, piste cyclable.  stations velib à proximité Quartier tranquille, commerces à proximité, bars, restaurants 10 MINUTES DE REPUBLIQUE, 15 MINUTES DE CHATELET salle de bain, cuisine, salon
3785		dans appartement de 70m2, 6eme etage avec ascenseur, 50m  du canal, baignoire et douche, clair, calme, proche des restaurants et cine, 50 m du metro direct (ligne 7) pour Opera, Palais royal, Chatelet,Marais,  wifi, joli salon avec piano, télévision bus ligne 54, à 50m de la chambre, direct pour Gare du nord, Sacré Coeur -Montmartre, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge  le canal et ses terrasses, ses bistrots, ses cinémas, ses promenades en bateau jusqu'à la bastille ses commerces et ses banques velib et autolib en bas de l'immeuble metro et bus a 50 mètres metro Riquet ligne 7 bus ligne 54 arret Riquet 
3786	Très calme donnant sur cour arborée, au cœur d'un quartier aux nombreuses animations culturelles (104, le Parc de la Villette, Zenith...) et lieux de promenades (Quai de Seine/Loire, canal St Martin, Buttes Chaumont).  Idéal pour rayonner dans Paris avec les lignes de métro 2, 5 et 7 à moins de 5 minutes à pieds.  Studio entièrement rénové à l'été 2014.	Studio 30m2 sur cour, 5 étage avec ascenseur. Calme et lumineux. Aménagé  avec goût et simplicité. Proche des commerces, restaurants et cinémas MK2.Desservi par les lignes de métro 2/5/7. Tout proche quais de Seine/Loire, canal St Martin et Villette. Très calme donnant sur cour arborée, au cœur d'un quartier aux nombreuses animations culturelles (104, le Parc de la Villette, Zenith...) et lieux de promenades (Quai de Seine/Loire, canal St Martin, Buttes Chaumont).  Idéal pour rayonner dans Paris avec les lignes de métro 2, 5 et 7 à moins de 5 minutes à pieds.  Studio entièrement rénové à l'été 2014. La richesse de ses commerces, restaurants, activité dans un secteur vivant avec de nombreuses possibilités de promenades et ballades le long des quais et dans les jardins. Métro lignes 2-5 et7.
3787	Appartement entièrement rénové. Très lumineux.  6ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur). 2 pièces : - un séjour, - chambre avec lit 2 places (matelas neuf), - cuisine séparée (réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, four micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire), - salle de bains avec douche et WC. Connexion internet. Draps et serviettes fournis. Immeuble sécurisé (digicode), très bien entretenu. Immeuble très calme, occupé par des propriétaires.	Appartement entièrement rénové. Très lumineux.  6ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur). 2 pièces : - un séjour, - chambre avec lit 2 places (matelas neuf), - cuisine séparée (réfrigérateur, plaques électriques, four micro-ondes, machine à café, bouilloire), - salle de bains avec douche et WC. Connexion internet. Draps et serviettes fournis. Immeuble sécurisé (digicode), très bien entretenu. Immeuble très calme, occupé par des propriétaires. accès à internet A deux pas des Buttes Chaumont, du Canal Saint-Martin et du bassin de La Villette. A proximité de la rue Sécrétan, de ses commerces (boulangeries, traiteurs, épiceries, primeurs, Monoprix...) Tous les principaux centres d'intérêt culturel et touristique sont à 20 mn. Métro Bolivar et Jaurès (lignes 2, 5 et 7bis).
3788	Appartement de 2 pièces de 50m2 au 3eme étages avec ascenseur : - 1 Salon avec un canapé 3 places - 1 chambre avec un lit double - 1 cuisine - 1 Salle de bain avec baignoire 	Bonjour, De voyage dans le sud, nous louons notre appartement afin que celui ci ne reste pas vide. Il est situé à Paris 19e, proche du 104, du Zenith, du parc de la Villette et celui des Buttes Chaumont. Métro, et Commerces à proximité. Appartement de 2 pièces de 50m2 au 3eme étages avec ascenseur : - 1 Salon avec un canapé 3 places - 1 chambre avec un lit double - 1 cuisine - 1 Salle de bain avec baignoire Metro et commerces a proximité... Le 104, Le Zenith, le parc de la Villette et celui des Buttes Chaumont sont a proximité... Idéal comme point de départ pour visiter Paris Metro et Bus à 2min à pieds
3789	vous recherchez une bonne localisation,la propretée et un endroit agréable et confortable pour séjourner, c'est ICI; )  Mon p'tit chez moi a beaucoup de charme,il est agréable et lumineux . de style Haussmannien ,une chambre avec un très très bon lit ( vous allez m'en dire des nouvelles) La salle de bain est dans la continuité de la chambre,le salon avec un très bon canapé d'angle convertible  2 places  avec sa cheminée d'époque ( non utilisable ) malheureusement. avec parquet ancien, moulures aux plafonds .  Les toilettes sont séparés de la salle de bain. Petite cuisine avec plaque de cuisson vitrocéramique, réfrigérateur et congelo,four, machine à laver. Il se situe au 7eme et dernier étage de l'immeuble avec ascenseur  : ) il y a un premier code d'accès immeuble,puis un sas. vous pouvez faire du sport en montant les escaliers avec parquet et moquette  ou prendre l'ascenseur. L'appartement sur cour est très silencieux ! Donc vous pourrez vous endormir et faire des grasses mats  sans 	1 bedroom available in a LARGE 4 bedroom apartment. Loft style bed PLUS bonus futon. Flat screen TV, private fridge, ample closet space, free wifi + cable. SHARED kitchen and 1 full bathroom & 1/2 bathroom. Walking distance to Times Square, Javits ce
3790	Comfortable one bedroom apartment with double glazing on the inner courtyard and no traffic noise. It consists of a large dining room with a fully equipped kitchen with all appliances ( 4 ring gas hob, electric oven , fridge- freezer, dishwasher, washing machine dryer, and all necessary utensils for cooking ) and a table for 4 people. The bathroom with shower is one side of the bedroom and the separate WC on the other. The bedrom has hanging space and a double bed. There is also a workshop area to work in peace.	Fantastic Artist apartment in Belleville,  (60 m2) in the picturesque neighborhood of Belleville. Studio flat, glass, stone and brick, full of charm and comfort, with the option to dine in a courtyard. Located 300 metres from the Buttes Chaumont Park Comfortable one bedroom apartment with double glazing on the inner courtyard and no traffic noise. It consists of a large dining room with a fully equipped kitchen with all appliances ( 4 ring gas hob, electric oven , fridge- freezer, dishwasher, washing machine dryer, and all necessary utensils for cooking ) and a table for 4 people. The bathroom with shower is one side of the bedroom and the separate WC on the other. The bedrom has hanging space and a double bed. There is also a workshop area to work in peace. With its windows , its stone and brick , this studio flat benefits from the bustling picturesque Belleville along the quiet courtyard . A wide selection of restaurants nearby. Supermarket, café, restaurant, wine cellar  and bakery 
3791	80m², well equiped, 2 bed rooms (parents + baby), open kitchen/ living room	Located in the great Canal Saint-Martin . Its assets? large, extremely quiet, in a family building, totally remodeled in 2013,  it is ideal for a couple with a baby. 80m², well equiped, 2 bed rooms (parents + baby), open kitchen/ living room We stay at your disposal by phone or email at any time if needed! We speak French/ English/ Spanish/ a little German. Friendly families. Direct access to Lines 2 and 5 metro. Very convenient if you arrive from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est or even Charles-de-Gaulle airport (RER B).
3792		40m2, quarto, sala, cozinha, banheiro - claro, calmo, todo mobiliado, com wi-fi. (sem televisao) Metro Belleville (linhas 2, 11), com comercio abundante e barato ao redor. Sem elevador, 3° e ultimo andar, apart da' para um pateo.  Ideal para um casal sem filhos. Nao é admitido 'fumante/s nem animal/is de estimaçao'.
3793	Un cocon chaleureux et lumineux, spacieux le jour et confortable la nuit (le lit suspendu supporte jusque 200kg pas de crainte!) avec une vraie terrasse pour profiter de petits déjeuners ou d'apéros chez soi... à l'extérieur!	"A deux pas du métro (50m) ou de commerces, 10 "" à pied du fameux parc des Buttes Chaumont, 10"" de Châtelet, spacieux F1 cosy et lumineux pour 2/3 pers avec cuisine séparée et salle de bain avec baignoire+WC et le vrai plus... une terrasse de 15m²! Un cocon chaleureux et lumineux, spacieux le jour et confortable la nuit (le lit suspendu supporte jusque 200kg pas de crainte!) avec une vraie terrasse pour profiter de petits déjeuners ou d'apéros chez soi... à l'extérieur! On vous laissera indications et renseignements utiles sur le logement et le quartier Un quartier populaire et sûr, proche du parc préféré des parisiens, de ses cafés et terrasses et des meilleurs bo buns de Paris. Avec un accès rapide au coeur de Paris ou des quartiers nocturnes vivants. A 100 m du métro Télégraphe (soit 11"" de Châtelet), 300 m du T3. En voiture facilement accessible depuis le périphérique."
3794	A large room with screen and DVD player, on the courtyard side. A bathroom with modern shower cabin. A double living room with a sofa bed. Apartment very bright and flowered. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher. Washing-machine and drying-machine .	72 m2 flat with a large balcony, quiet room, double living room, equiped kitchen, vast dressing and modern bathroom. There is a sliding door between bedroom and living room. Quiet, very sunny, it is on the 5th floor with lift in a beautiful haussmannien's building. Design by an architect, it is not overlocked and located between canals St Martin and Ourcq. You have several metros just downstairs and you can directly reach the canal by the courts of the building. You will love it ! A large room with screen and DVD player, on the courtyard side. A bathroom with modern shower cabin. A double living room with a sofa bed. Apartment very bright and flowered. Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher. Washing-machine and drying-machine . The apartment is located between the Canal St Martin and Ourcq Canal . You diretly reach the Ourcq Canal through the courtyard . The area is very lively, vibrant and authentic with many small restaurants and cafes along the water, several parks ( Buttes Chaumont
3795	L'appartement comprend un grand séjour équipé d'une cuisine, table, canapé, une salle de bains avec toilettes séparées et une mezzanine avec lit deux places.  	Loue grand et beau studio de 28m2 en plein coeur du quartier de Belleville. Au pied du métro et proche de toutes commodités. L'appartement comprend un grand séjour équipé d'une cuisine, table, canapé, une salle de bains avec toilettes séparées et une mezzanine avec lit deux places.   Wifi et télévision disponibles.  Remise des clés en mains propres + caution demandée.  Quartier populaire très animé de Paris où il fait bon vivre, Belleville est célèbre pour ses nombreux petits cafés, bars et restaurants bon marché.  Parcs de Belleville et des Buttes-Chaumont à proximité. Canal Saint-Martin et canal de l'Ourcq à 10 min à pied.   Cinémas proches.   Métro : lignes 2 et 11 (Belleville) 10 min en métro du centre de Paris (Châtelet).  Bus: 96
3796	Calme et sans bruit, bon voisinage. 1 petit balcon et 1 pièce en plus pour étendre le linge ou stocker. 1 chambre 1 lit double + 1 canapé lit ds salon (+1 lit parapluie)	Appartement calme de 60m2 à proximité des buttes chaumont desservit par 3 lignes de métro. Balade sur la canal St Martin, Concert au Zenith, ou resto à Jaurès sans transport. Quartier convivial avec toutes les commodités nécessaires. Calme et sans bruit, bon voisinage. 1 petit balcon et 1 pièce en plus pour étendre le linge ou stocker. 1 chambre 1 lit double + 1 canapé lit ds salon (+1 lit parapluie) Tout le logement est accessible + place de parking Par mail sans problème ou physiquement mais anticipé Commerce à proximité, tout à dispo. Quartier sympa, avec quelques bons restos et des balades parisiennes agréables en vélo ou à pied. Ligne de métro :  10min de République, Gare du Nord, Sacré coeur 20min de Chatelet, Arc de triomphe
3797	This luminous apartment is newly renovated and located on the 32nd floor, top floor offering grand views. It overlooks the park Buttes Chaumont, Canal l'Ourq and Parc de la Villette from a generous and plant-filled balcony drenched in sun in the mornings. Due to its high location, it has a calm atmosphere breaking from the fast-paced city life, it is also nicely fresh and aerated in summer. The apartment features designer furniture and the library is filled with art, fashion and photography books and magazines. Doors are silent floor-to-ceiling sliding doors throughout the space. Kitchen is open plan with marble workspace and filled with all amenities. Bathroom features a bath tub and Italian shower.  It sleeps 3 comfortably in total: 2 in the master bedroom and 1 on a daybed in the guest room (there is a sofa in the living room for a potential 4th person.)	Beautiful and luminous top floor apartment overlooking the canal, with a balcony of morning sun. Bike lanes leading to centre in 10 minutes, with metro 7 stops. Lively parks, canal and shops nearby. Comfortably sleeps 3. Available in August. This luminous apartment is newly renovated and located on the 32nd floor, top floor offering grand views. It overlooks the park Buttes Chaumont, Canal l'Ourq and Parc de la Villette from a generous and plant-filled balcony drenched in sun in the mornings. Due to its high location, it has a calm atmosphere breaking from the fast-paced city life, it is also nicely fresh and aerated in summer. The apartment features designer furniture and the library is filled with art, fashion and photography books and magazines. Doors are silent floor-to-ceiling sliding doors throughout the space. Kitchen is open plan with marble workspace and filled with all amenities. Bathroom features a bath tub and Italian shower.  It sleeps 3 comfortably in total: 2 in the mast
3798	It is very close to La Villette and the park Les buttes Chaumont. In the east of Paris you can go to the center with the metro in 15 minutes but also enjoy nature. In the flat, you can relax taking a bath and maybe cook yourself a nice dinner in our fully equipped kitchen.	Room in a flat. Métro, tram and bus nearby (5 to 10 minutes walk). Shops, restaurants, bars. Parcs : Buttes Chaumont and La Villette very close!!! You can go there running, reading or for a picknick. Wifi/bathtub/washing-machine/coffee/tea. It is very close to La Villette and the park Les buttes Chaumont. In the east of Paris you can go to the center with the metro in 15 minutes but also enjoy nature. In the flat, you can relax taking a bath and maybe cook yourself a nice dinner in our fully equipped kitchen. Room, kitchen and bathroom. The other details are in the description. There is an elevator in the building. I hope I can give tips to the people coming Green areas and canal to walk Good access from the airports (1 hour each, don't forget Paris airports are far...) 20 minutes from the city center with the metro (also bus and tram lines very close)
3799	Live the Parisian life in this large 43m2 studio on the first floor (second, for the U.S.), with king-sized bed and pull-away sofa that converts into queen sized bed in the up-and-coming Jourdain area of Paris.  Apartment has all amenities including a humongous 55 inch TV and 100+ art books. The kitchen has  microwave and separate oven, Nespresso machine, toaster and tea making facilities. The 9m2 bathroom has a shower, a washing machine and a separate drier.  Three closets in the entrance corridor will allow for plenty of space for your things and also features an electronic safe. Sitting practically atop the Pyrenees subway station, with a cobbled courtyard with fountain and no less than 6 gardens, you'll feel right at home and enjoy complete peace and quiet.	Large fully equipped studio (43m2/465sqf) in an all-amenities, up-and-coming area of Paris. Village-like feel with a huge garden and a cobbled courtyard. Very quiet, only 12 minutes from the city center by subway and easy to get to from CDG airport. Live the Parisian life in this large 43m2 studio on the first floor (second, for the U.S.), with king-sized bed and pull-away sofa that converts into queen sized bed in the up-and-coming Jourdain area of Paris.  Apartment has all amenities including a humongous 55 inch TV and 100+ art books. The kitchen has  microwave and separate oven, Nespresso machine, toaster and tea making facilities. The 9m2 bathroom has a shower, a washing machine and a separate drier.  Three closets in the entrance corridor will allow for plenty of space for your things and also features an electronic safe. Sitting practically atop the Pyrenees subway station, with a cobbled courtyard with fountain and no less than 6 gardens, you'll feel right at home and enjoy comp
3800		Appartement sympathique et sous les toits à Paris 19eme au pied du métro Ourcq ligne 5, proche parc des Buttes Chaumont, de la Villette, et du canal.  L'appartement est agréable sous les toits, c'est un 2/3 pièces de 40m2, avec tout le nécessaire. 
3801		"In a 70m2 flat on the ""canal de L'Ourq"", a bright room of 12m2 . Leading to a balcony overlooking the garden , it offers peace and serenity. A private underground parking in the building is included. 3 nights minimum."
3802		1 room available (2 pers.) in a huge apartment facing the Bassin de la Villette. You'll enjoy a unique location in Paris with the confort of a fully equiped apartment. And the loggia with the view on the canal is a must see.
3803	Super calme, propre, aéré, confortable, bien équipé, bien desservi, quartier sympa	Chaleureux appartement avec un grand sejour très confortable et lumineux,  cuisine toute equipée, salle de bain avec baignoire  et petit balcon Super calme, propre, aéré, confortable, bien équipé, bien desservi, quartier sympa Je vous laisse l'appart le temps de votre séjour. N'hésitez pas à demander s'il vous faut quelque chose. Il y a  des livres et des cartes dans l'appart qui sont utiles pour bien découvrir Paris. un quartier à découvrir. à 50m : jolies petites rues piétonnes, théatre, et supermarché. Nouveau cinéma et commerces à Pt des Lilas. Nouvelles pistes cyclables au long du tramway donnant accès au parc de la buttes rouge et au parc de la villette et ses canaux. métros (11, 7bis, 3bis), nombreux bus (dont 48, 60, 61), et 2 bus de nuits (N12, N23). Le nouveau tramway donne un accès rapide au parc de la butte rouge, à la porte de pantin, cité de la musique, philharmonie de paris, parc de la villette.
3804	calm and shiny and very well located(tube stations Pyrénées,belleville);15 mn from the very center of Paris(Les Halles,St Germain,Notre-Dame...); Nice green and trendy district,you will see Paris differently,and live as a parisian.	Paris 19th district,at the bottom of the beautiful Buttes-chaumont park; Nice living flat, calm and bright located on the 3rd and last floor with nice view on the rooves; Large living, big bed room and fully equiped kitchen and bathroom, close to the north & east railway stations. calm and shiny and very well located(tube stations Pyrénées,belleville);15 mn from the very center of Paris(Les Halles,St Germain,Notre-Dame...); Nice green and trendy district,you will see Paris differently,and live as a (website hidden) - Wifi - washing machine -  I will always be there to welcome travelers. we could talk all along their stay by email and mobile phone. Two lovely parks one of which with panoramic view of Paris; trendy area with lots of cafes,cheap but good restaurants; easy- living district and good atmosphere Close to the center of Paris,and many intersting spots to visit.
3805		Appartement 37 m² près parc Buttes-Chaumont neuf très bon état
3806	Je propose ma chambre dans un bel appartement parisien. Celle ci fait partie d'un 3 pièce où je vis avec ma colocataire. Il est disponible du 4 août au 30 septembre.	1 chambre disponible dans appartement atypique parisien à porte de la Villette. Quartier agréable avec le parc de la Villette et la cité des sciences et de l'industrie juste en face. Parc des Buttes Chaumont aussi accessible à pied. Je propose ma chambre dans un bel appartement parisien. Celle ci fait partie d'un 3 pièce où je vis avec ma colocataire. Il est disponible du 4 août au 30 septembre. Toutes les pièces sauf la chambre de ma collocataire Ma collocataire oui Quartier de la Villette face à la cité des sciences et de l'industrie. Proche du métro et du tram, nombreux bars restaurants et supermarchés. Metro ligne 7 arret porte de la Villette et tram ligne 3
3807	If This room isnt available please tcheck The other room on this page.  Eventhough The bed is on the floor it still is really cozy and you will also have a private bathroom ! https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/7299165 	Room for rent in  a 70m2 appartement  in the 19th district of Paris, one minute walk from the Canal de L'Ourcq, 15 min away from the city center. Private room and bath room, closed kitchen and large living room with a convertible sofa.
3808	Hello, I rent my 15m2 bedroom furnished: (comfortable double bed (130x190 cm, 4.2x6.3 ft) / sleeps 2 and Dressing and large storage space) in nice colocation of 90m2 Colocation: you share the appart with my 2 others cool roomate, they give you all the best thing to make in paris! the appartement 90M2 with 3 bedroom (mine can easily accomodate 2 persons), 1 big bathroom, 1 big lunimous lounge, 1 balcony (nice for apetizer or breakfast with sun and bird song:), 1 kitchen, 1parking !! Broadband Wifi Internet access (24 Mbps) for your laptop Phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, including Europe, USA, Canada, Japan, China ... Bed linens, blanket, pillow and towels are provided Smoking on the balcony allowed (but we are no smoker) We are 19eme near la villette (concert, park, outdoor cinema), the big park les buttes de chaumont, the channel of ourcq with a lot bar, cinema MK2, 104 (cultural center), a lot of supermarket and market the sunday morning. Metro crimée very near of the	Hello, I rent my 15m2 bedroom furnished: (comfortable double bed (130x190 cm, 4.2x6.3 ft) / sleeps 2 and Dressing and large storage space) in nice colocation of 90m2 Colocation: you share the appart with my 2 others cool roomate, they give you all the best thing to make in paris! the appartement 90M2 with 3 bedroom (mine can easily accomodate 2 persons), 1 big bathroom, 1 big lunimous lounge, 1 balcony (nice for apetizer or breakfast with sun and bird song:), 1 kitchen, 1parking !! Broadband Wifi Internet access (24 Mbps) for your laptop Phone with free unlimited calls to 70 countries, including Europe, USA, Canada, Japan, China ... Bed linens, blanket, pillow and towels are provided Smoking on the balcony allowed (but we are no smoker) We are 19eme near la villette (concert, park, outdoor cinema), the big park les buttes de chaumont, the channel of ourcq with a lot bar, cinema MK2, 104 (cultural center), a lot of supermarket and market the sunday morning. Metro crimée very near of the
3809	Appartement de trois pièces avec parquet, moulures , cheminées et poêle à bois.  Étage élevé sans vis à vis et petit balcon . Idéal pour personne seule, tarif majoré de 20 euros la nuit pour la seconde personne , petit dejeuner compris Perfect for one personn, add 20 euros to the price for an additionnal personne. Breakfast included 	Un canapé lit confortable dans un salon avec cheminée et balcon. Petite rue tranquille à proximité du bassin de Seine et du parc de la Villette, le grand air à Paris.  A sofa reads comfortable in a Parisian typical apartment . Appartement de trois pièces avec parquet, moulures , cheminées et poêle à bois.  Étage élevé sans vis à vis et petit balcon . Idéal pour personne seule, tarif majoré de 20 euros la nuit pour la seconde personne , petit dejeuner compris Perfect for one personn, add 20 euros to the price for an additionnal personne. Breakfast included Canapé lit dans salon privatisé. Cuisine et salle de bains/ wc communs Parisienne amoureuse de la plus belle ville du monde, j 'essaierai de vous donner tous les renseignements que vous cherchez. English speaking travellers are wellcome Quartier vert . Le parc de Villette et les Buttes Chaumont sont accessibles à pieds. Le canal est au bout de la rue avec ses cinéma. Close to St Christopher's Inn and the canal . The green part of Pari
3810	This is a truly lovely place very bright in an old Haussmanian buidling. Literally steps away from famous romantic park Butte Chaumont. there is a large hallway leading on the living room. there is a bedroom that has 2 big windows with a really view of a square with huge trees and the vue  of the Sacré Coeur Church. There is a sofa bed that can accomodate 2 people. The bedroom has a twin size bed (110 cm wide) that sleeps one person or 2 small people only!  The kitchen is all completely new and has a washing machine and a bright king blue color wall  it's on the 6 floor with elevator. the metro is at the end of the street and it is on line 11 and goes straight to Chatelet les Halles in 10 minutes. The park Butte Chaumont is at the end the my street. The lively and trendy hood of Belleville is about 5 minutes walk.	The apartment is located in one of the best central area. 10 minutes away by metro to Chatelet city center . The apartement has the view of the Sacré Coeur. The park Butte Chamont and and the lively neighborhood of Belleville are both 4 minutes walk. This is a truly lovely place very bright in an old Haussmanian buidling. Literally steps away from famous romantic park Butte Chaumont. there is a large hallway leading on the living room. there is a bedroom that has 2 big windows with a really view of a square with huge trees and the vue  of the Sacré Coeur Church. There is a sofa bed that can accomodate 2 people. The bedroom has a twin size bed (110 cm wide) that sleeps one person or 2 small people only!  The kitchen is all completely new and has a washing machine and a bright king blue color wall  it's on the 6 floor with elevator. the metro is at the end of the street and it is on line 11 and goes straight to Chatelet les Halles in 10 minutes. The park Butte Chaumont is at the end the 
3811	The flat is quite atypical, a mix of open space and cosy private rooms. It's on the 4rth floor with windows on both sides of the building and anf the roof so it's really luminous. The room is on a mezzanines so the ceiling is a little low as it is under the roof. You acces with the spiral stairs, and if you want you can leave your luggages in the dressing of the living room to not carry everything upstairs. The bed is a large size (160 / 200) It is equipped with a TV screen and DVD player. The windows of the rooms have a view on the living room. The place is really quiet. I took good care of the decoration with a taste for vintage furnitures and i hope you'll like it ! 	Comfortable room in a charming atypical flat. Recently renovated, with a touch of 60's vintage & scandinavian furniture.  Located at the border of the canal between Jaures and La Villette. Fireplace ideal in the cold winter !!! The flat is quite atypical, a mix of open space and cosy private rooms. It's on the 4rth floor with windows on both sides of the building and anf the roof so it's really luminous. The room is on a mezzanines so the ceiling is a little low as it is under the roof. You acces with the spiral stairs, and if you want you can leave your luggages in the dressing of the living room to not carry everything upstairs. The bed is a large size (160 / 200) It is equipped with a TV screen and DVD player. The windows of the rooms have a view on the living room. The place is really quiet. I took good care of the decoration with a taste for vintage furnitures and i hope you'll like it ! The kitchen is fully equipped. (oven - microwave - dishwasher- coffee machine...)  You have an
3812	There is one room with two 200 x 90 beds which can be put together  and two bunk beds 190 x 90 can accomodate 4 In summer  (june 25 until september 30)  you will enjoy the full flat as private home and can accomodate 6 + 2 in a sleeping sofa  - 2 bedrooms (please ask)	Stay up to 4 people in a very large modern flat overseeing the fashionable ourcq canal in the Center of Paris. You will enjoy a 90 sqm apartment with 1 and 1/2 bathroom with shower and bath, a fully equiped kitchen, a oversized 45 sqm living room  There is one room with two 200 x 90 beds which can be put together  and two bunk beds 190 x 90 can accomodate 4 In summer  (june 25 until september 30)  you will enjoy the full flat as private home and can accomodate 6 + 2 in a sleeping sofa  - 2 bedrooms (please ask) kitchen , bathroom The owner's in in the place during the day. We have a dog living in the appartment with us. Canal de l'Ourcq Disco / club Bars Restaurants Supermarket shops Very well deserved by metro, speed train and buses 35 mn to both airports We have a very friendly and quiet dog.
3813	Grand appartement de 100m² sur paris, avec très grand salon confortable et haut lieu de rencontre avec mes supers colocs autour d'un verre, d'un petit dej, d'un repas. Il y a 3 chambres et celle disponible a une capacité de 2 personne, c'est la plus grande (13 m2) coté rue (très calme), intimité garantie par rapport aux 2 autres chambres. Chaine hifi également à disposition. Le quartier du 19eme est de plus en plus habité par des jeunes travailleurs ou jeunes familles, très éclectique, avec toutes les commodités transport, et commerces à proximité ouverts 7/7 Rues tranquilles la nuit, bars très sympa au bord du canal, Buttes Chaumont toutes proches. 	Grand appartement de 100m² sur paris, avec très grand salon confortable et haut lieu de rencontre avec mes supers colocs autour d'un verre, d'un petit dej, d'un repas. Il y a 3 chambres et celle disponible a une capacité de 2 personne, c'est la plus grande (13 m2) coté rue (très calme), intimité garantie par rapport aux 2 autres chambres. Chaine hifi également à disposition. Le quartier du 19eme est de plus en plus habité par des jeunes travailleurs ou jeunes familles, très éclectique, avec toutes les commodités transport, et commerces à proximité ouverts 7/7 Rues tranquilles la nuit, bars très sympa au bord du canal, Buttes Chaumont toutes proches. je mets à disposition ma chambre dans l'appartement, avec un lit double. Je peux donc accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes. Les voyageurs ont accès à toutes les pièces communes (exceptées les 2 autres chambres des colocataires) : cuisine équipée, très grand salon, salle de bain et parking privée. Je serai présent pour l'arrivée des voyageurs et leur
3814	L'appartement est traversant: vous avez droit à un beau levé de soleil en prenant votre douche ou à un beau coucher de soleil le soir sur la terrasse de votre chambre. Toutes les pièces sont très lumineuses et bien ventilées. Comme j'y vis aussi, il est plutôt chaleureux et accueillant. Aucun vis-à-vis. Mais vue sur le 19ème arrondissement et le parc de la Villette de votre chambre, et vue sur le Prés-saint-gervais de l'autre. 	Je propose une chambre à louer dans un appartement de 65mcarré, traversant et bien lumineux, chaleureux et accueillant. Bien desservit et proches du Parc de la Villette, du Zénith et à 10mn des Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est, sur la ligne de métro 5. L'appartement est traversant: vous avez droit à un beau levé de soleil en prenant votre douche ou à un beau coucher de soleil le soir sur la terrasse de votre chambre. Toutes les pièces sont très lumineuses et bien ventilées. Comme j'y vis aussi, il est plutôt chaleureux et accueillant. Aucun vis-à-vis. Mais vue sur le 19ème arrondissement et le parc de la Villette de votre chambre, et vue sur le Prés-saint-gervais de l'autre. -Balcon privé (table + chaises) -Salon -Cuisine -Salle de bain -Toilettes Je suis disponible pour partager le repas et raconter des histoires autour d'un verre dans la cuisine par exemple si vous en avez envie aussi. Mais vous pouvez aussi être complètement indépendant sur votre balcon ou au salon avec vos amis si vou
3815	Logement moderne, confortable, très lumineux et spacieux 90 m2 (au total). Vous disposez d'une chambre vaste et lumineuse (18m2) calme et fraiche.	"Dans un grand appartement moderne, une maman et son fils de 5 ans louent une grande chambre dans une atmosphère familiale et paisible. Partage des parties communes : cuisine et salle de bains.  Grande chambre confortable 2 lits simples. Logement moderne, confortable, très lumineux et spacieux 90 m2 (au total). Vous disposez d'une chambre vaste et lumineuse (18m2) calme et fraiche. Vous aurez accès au salon, cuisine, sale de bain, wc. Etant parisienne depuis toujours et anglophone, je pourrai vous conseiller et guider dans votre découverte de la ville. Je vous indiquerai des lieux insolites et très peu connus. Logement proche du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette, dans un quartier branché, vivant, sécurisé, tous commerces à proximité. Terrasses et cafés le long du canal de l'ourcq : ""Les bancs publics"", ""La plage"" Proche métro ligne 7, métro Crimée. 15 minutes jusqu'au musée du Louvre. Tramway T3. Bus 60."
3816		"Big appartement 105m2 with 3 bedrooms,double living room,2 bathroom and kitchen very clear ,decorated in a 70's style put some music and seat,enjoy and seat the balcony's view canal on old house barges boats And his ""UUugge"" private terrace (60m2)"
3817	A DEUX PAS DE LA CITE DES SCIENCES LOUE GRANDE CHAMBRE TRES CALME AVEC TV  DONNANT SUR JARDIN Appartement de 50M2 a 3 minutes du métro Porte de Pantin CUISINE AMENAGEE INDEPENDANTE TOILETTE INDEPENDANTE SALLE DE BAINS	A DEUX PAS DE LA CITE DES SCIENCES LOUE GRANDE CHAMBRE TRES CALME AVEC TV  DONNANT SUR JARDIN Appartement de 50M2 a 3 minutes du métro Porte de Pantin CUISINE AMENAGEE INDEPENDANTE TOILETTE INDEPENDANTE SALLE DE BAINS
3818	In an 1910's building, at the first floor, the room is on an interior courtyard, calm and bright. The street is full of little nice shops.	"I propose a bedroom in a 3 rooms apartment where I live. The apartment is located in the 19° arrondissement of Paris. Very close to big parks (La Villette, Buttes Chaumont) and at 15 min by subway to the very center of the city (République stop). In an 1910's building, at the first floor, the room is on an interior courtyard, calm and bright. The street is full of little nice shops. Pirvate room + living room, kitchen and bathroom shared. Close to the parc de La Villette (3 minutes walking). 2 minutes from the ""Porte de Pantin"" subway stop, line 5."
3819	Bel appartement lumineux -- Beautiful and luminous apartment	Joli appartement dans un quartier sympa et sûr de Paris, avec en prime un accueil du tonnerre! :) Envoyez-moi un message pour + de photos. -- A cozy apartment in a great Parisian neighborhood, with incredible hospitality :) Message me for more pics Bel appartement lumineux -- Beautiful and luminous apartment A dispo : votre chambre (bien sûr!) / la cuisine / la salle de bain / le séjour -- At your disposal: Your room (of course!) / the kitchen / the bathroom / the living room Je serai ravie de vous donner mes conseils d'autochtones ! Si vous le souhaitez, je peux vous faire mon petit-déjeuner favoris (des pancakes!) autour duquel nous pourrons discuter. --  I'd be happy to give you my advice to make your trip a success! If you're interested, I can make you breakfast (pancakes!), which would give us a chance to chat. Le quartier est à la fois vivant et sûr. Le parc des Buttes-Chaumont est à 5 minutes à pied, ainsi que le bassin de la Villette. -- The neighborhood is both lively and safe
3820		Appartement très agréable au coeur du quartier de Belleville. Appartement traversant et lumineux comportant deux chambres confortables et un salon. A deux pas des buttes chaumont et du Parc de Belleville. Wifi disponible, lave-linge et draps.
3821		L'appartement se situe en face du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Parfait pour faire des picnics l'été ou la fête au Rosa Bonheur! À cinq minutes du métro et de toutes les commodités, il est parfait pour visiter Paris et être au calme le soir.      
3822	Bright and spacious apartment . Enjoy Parisian pleasures by its location in the heart of Paris. Only 5 minutes walk from Jaures area , 10 minutes from the Park Buttes Chaumont and the Villette park 's the two largest in Paris.	This beautiful apartment of 46 m2 and ideally located in a trendy neighborhood in Paris offers  everything you may need for a nice stay. Equipped with a large living room with a balcony, a fully equipped kitchen, a big bathroom and a large bedroom. Bright and spacious apartment . Enjoy Parisian pleasures by its location in the heart of Paris. Only 5 minutes walk from Jaures area , 10 minutes from the Park Buttes Chaumont and the Villette park 's the two largest in Paris.
3823	Hi,  I am Emilie, and my couch is available if you want to share my place while you spend a short time in Paris. I live in a 38sq meters flat with : - my bedroom - the living room (with the convertible couch, 140x200 : new from May 2015) and an american kitchen - one bathroom and a separate toilet It is light, very quiet and located in a lively neigborhood, in between the Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumonts and the Chinese district of Belleville. Only 15 minutes from Chatelet (metro line 11).  It is equipped with everything you might need (washing machine, dishwasher, sheets, towels, wifi access, toaster, piano ... except TV). If you smoke, you can, but only by the window ... When I'm away for the week-end or on holidays, you can have the whole flat (can accomodate 3-4 persons) for twice the price. Feel free to contact me if you need further information.	Hi,  I am Emilie, and my couch is available if you want to share my place while you spend a short time in Paris. I live in a 38sq meters flat with : - my bedroom - the living room (with the convertible couch, 140x200 : new from May 2015) and an american kitchen - one bathroom and a separate toilet It is light, very quiet and located in a lively neigborhood, in between the Canal St Martin, the Buttes Chaumonts and the Chinese district of Belleville. Only 15 minutes from Chatelet (metro line 11).  It is equipped with everything you might need (washing machine, dishwasher, sheets, towels, wifi access, toaster, piano ... except TV). If you smoke, you can, but only by the window ... When I'm away for the week-end or on holidays, you can have the whole flat (can accomodate 3-4 persons) for twice the price. Feel free to contact me if you need further information.
3824	This appartment is a warm and colorful place. A lot of space in a nice area in Paris. The room is spacious, sunny and calm. 	One room to rent in a colorfull, nice and quiet appartment in Jourdain neighboorhood. It's a popular area where people are very nice to each others, as in the building. 5 minutes walking and you are in the biggest parisian park! This appartment is a warm and colorful place. A lot of space in a nice area in Paris. The room is spacious, sunny and calm. You will use the kitchen and the bathroom freely as if you were at your own home. If needed, you can also use the washing machine. Internet and free wifi access. I can also rent you a bike (fixie) if you need it. I will welcoming you with all explanations you need about the house but also things to do around, nice place to eat, to hang out and the easier ways to walk around the town. There is this biggest Green place in the center of Paris close to the house calling Les Buttes Chaumont. Perfect to have à Nice time jogging, reading or hanging out un the Different brasseries there. Also you have all services around as a very good bakery, nic
3825	Composition : un grand salon, une grande cuisine équipée (dont un lave-linge mais pas de lave-vaisselle :(), 2 salles de bain et toilettes et 2 autres chambres (occupées par de gentils hôtes :).	La chambre est orientée au sud, une baie vitrée de la longueur du mur donne sur le bassin de la Villette. L'appartement est notamment composé d'un grand salon, d'une grande cuisine, de 2 sdb et toilettes. Composition : un grand salon, une grande cuisine équipée (dont un lave-linge mais pas de lave-vaisselle :(), 2 salles de bain et toilettes et 2 autres chambres (occupées par de gentils hôtes :). On aime les apéros et les échanges... Quartier animé, le canal est le lieu idéal pour apéro, pétanque, molki... Le métro le plus proche est Riquet sur la 7 et en longeant le canal à pied : 10 min de Stalingrad (lignes 2, 5 et 7) et 20 min de République. Métro : - 3 min de Riquet (ligne 7) - 10 min de Stalingrad (lignes 2,5,7) Station Vélib' en bas.
3826	This piece of quietness is in the 2nd floor accessible with an elevator in a luxury residence from the 80's. It is organized on an L-shape around a balcony with a hidden green place down from the Romanesque 19th Century Butte Chaumont Parc. It is infinitely quite, it has the taste of being in the countryside while being at 15mn from Paris center. LOCATION Excellent transport access to the rest of Paris: - Belleville (line 2 and 11) - Jaurès (line 2, 5, 7, 7bis) - Velib (biking renting service) down the bloc - Autolib (car renting service) down the bloc - 3mn walk from le parc des Buttes Chaumont (and Rosa Bonheur) - 5mn walk from Belleville, the Bobo place from Paris - 10mn walk - to the central trendy Canal Saint Martin, but also to the Quai de Seine / Loire, the alternative bohemian river bank, perfect areas for strolling and picknicking in the summer, with many bars, restaurants and two cinemas. (if unfamiliar with the area, you can check out this: (website hidden)), - 20mn in subwa	This piece of quietness is in the 2nd floor accessible with an elevator in a luxury residence from the 80's. It is organized on an L-shape around a balcony with a hidden green place down from the Romanesque 19th Century Butte Chaumont Parc. It is infinitely quite, it has the taste of being in the countryside while being at 15mn from Paris center. LOCATION Excellent transport access to the rest of Paris: - Belleville (line 2 and 11) - Jaurès (line 2, 5, 7, 7bis) - Velib (biking renting service) down the bloc - Autolib (car renting service) down the bloc - 3mn walk from le parc des Buttes Chaumont (and Rosa Bonheur) - 5mn walk from Belleville, the Bobo place from Paris - 10mn walk - to the central trendy Canal Saint Martin, but also to the Quai de Seine / Loire, the alternative bohemian river bank, perfect areas for strolling and picknicking in the summer, with many bars, restaurants and two cinemas. (if unfamiliar with the area, you can check out this: (website hidden)), - 20mn in subwa
3827	3 chambres, 1 chambres avec un petit lit et 2 chambres avec un grand lit chacun, une grande table a mange pour mange en famille, la cuisine toute equipe . 	80 m2, 4 pièces, haut de plafond, très lumineux, trois chambre très confortables et chaleureuses à 5 mètres du parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Equipé de: Wifi, frigo neuf, lave-vaisselle, four micro-ondes, lave-linge, télé lecteur dvd. Baignoire-douche. 3 chambres, 1 chambres avec un petit lit et 2 chambres avec un grand lit chacun, une grande table a mange pour mange en famille, la cuisine toute equipe . Aces a toutes les pieces Je vous precise que vous allez être reçu par Monsieur Chapuis Lars le jour de votre arrivé et accompagné le jour du départ. À 5 mètres du parc de Buttes-Chaumont, beaucoup de commerçants alimentaires et divers. Pas loin du canal st-Martin, coin branché de Paris. A 2 stations de metro de la cite de ciences LA VILLETTE. Metro LAUMIERE Ligne 5 , BUS 48 , BUS 60 , BUS 75.
3828	Idéal pour profiter du calme d'un quartier comme pour naviguer dans toute la ville. Une chambre double et un canapé-lit très confortable dans grande pièce avec balcon. Donc idéal de 2 à 4 personnes.	Entre métro Jourdain et Botzaris, à 10 minutes de Châtelet par ligne 11 et à 2 pas du parc des Buttes-Chaumont. Très calme sur jardin, vue sur les toits de paris (6ème avec ascenseur), ensoleillement maximum. Quartier vivant et cosmopolite. Idéal pour profiter du calme d'un quartier comme pour naviguer dans toute la ville. Une chambre double et un canapé-lit très confortable dans grande pièce avec balcon. Donc idéal de 2 à 4 personnes. wifi, ascenseur, cuisine équipée, machine à laver, lave-vaisselle, salle de bain neuve. Logement entier. Voisinage très sympathique. L'appartement est situé dans une rue très calme, mais dans un quartier très vivant. Nombreuses offres culturelles, librairies, cafés et restaurants typiques, parc... Canal et ses péniches au nord, quartier chinois et galeries d'art à Belleville à l'ouest... Métro Jourdain (ligne 11), direct de Châtelet (10 minutes), direct par bus 26 de Gare du nord (30 minutes du RER B vers Roissy CDG)
3829	Appartement de 30m2 avec une chambre, un salon (avec canapé convertible)/coin cuisine, une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, pas de vis à vis et beaucoup de lumière toute la journée.  30sq meters flat with a bedroom, a living room (with sofa) / kitchen space, a bathroom with shower and toilets. Located at the 5th floor with elevator, lower building in front so you will enjoy light pretty much all day.  	Appartement lumineux et charmant au coeur du 19ème arrondissement, entre le Canal de l'Ourcq et le Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Luminous appartement in the heart of the 19th Arrondissement, between the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Appartement de 30m2 avec une chambre, un salon (avec canapé convertible)/coin cuisine, une salle de bain avec douche et toilettes. Au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, pas de vis à vis et beaucoup de lumière toute la journée.  30sq meters flat with a bedroom, a living room (with sofa) / kitchen space, a bathroom with shower and toilets. Located at the 5th floor with elevator, lower building in front so you will enjoy light pretty much all day.  Vous pouvez profiter des éléments de cuisine (machine Nespresso, bouilloire, régrigérateur, four, micro ondes...), de salle de bain (machine à laver, sèche cheveux, serviettes de bain), Internet et TV. You can enjoy all kitchen appliances (Nespresso machine, boiler, fridge, oven, microwave...), bathroom equ
3830		A nice Location, at only 1min from the metro station and only 20 from the historical center. A nice place at the third floor, with nice roomates. All the ingredient to spend good Time. 
3831	Quel endroit idéal pour cette chambre dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris, située au 1 ère étage, vous pouvez facilement accéder au Canal de l'ourcq, la cité des sciences, le Louvre, la Seine, Notre-Dame, la Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet...  LE BATIMENT EST TOUT NEUF IL VIENT JUSTE D'ÊTRE CREER C'est un appartement lumineux et ensoleillé situé plein sud avec 2 chambres à coucher. L'appartement est dans un spacieux logement avec une grande terrasse de 18m2 donc idéal pour prendre l'air. La seconde chambre peut aussi être louée avec airbnb (voir nos annonces). Le quartier est aussi vivant de jour comme de nuit. Vous trouverez de nombreux cinémas, boulangeries, boucherie, pharmacies, cafés, théâtre, restaurants, supermarché, épicerie, kiosque à journaux... pour toutes les bourses ainsi que des boutiques, tous commerces dans les rues et à proximité. Le quartier est sécurisant et est très bien desservi par le bus, tram, le métro Corentin Cariou,Porte de la Villette et le bus de nuit, il vou	Welcome!!!! On habite en face des transports pour visiter Paris.  We live above the line 4 metro to visit Paris. we also have supermakets bottom of the building. Quel endroit idéal pour cette chambre dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris, située au 1 ère étage, vous pouvez facilement accéder au Canal de l'ourcq, la cité des sciences, le Louvre, la Seine, Notre-Dame, la Butte aux Cailles, Châtelet...  LE BATIMENT EST TOUT NEUF IL VIENT JUSTE D'ÊTRE CREER C'est un appartement lumineux et ensoleillé situé plein sud avec 2 chambres à coucher. L'appartement est dans un spacieux logement avec une grande terrasse de 18m2 donc idéal pour prendre l'air. La seconde chambre peut aussi être louée avec airbnb (voir nos annonces). Le quartier est aussi vivant de jour comme de nuit. Vous trouverez de nombreux cinémas, boulangeries, boucherie, pharmacies, cafés, théâtre, restaurants, supermarché, épicerie, kiosque à journaux... pour toutes les bourses ainsi que des boutiques, tous commerces dans les r
3832	1 chambre équipée d'un lit mezzanine 2 places, d'un baby foot et de tout pleins de jeux pour enfants avec possibilité d'y installer un matelas supplémentaire (rangé dans 1 placard en ce moment).  1 salle à manger avec :  1 coin table et chaises pour manger  1 ordinateur relié à internet.  1 coin chambre avec canapé-lit et table de nuit  1 petit balcon plein soleil 1 cuisine avec :  micro onde  machine à laver  cuisinière électrique  placard à vaisselle 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et lavabo  1 toilette 1 couloir avec dedans :  1 bibliothèque avec beaucoup de littérature classique  1 balance	A 5 minutes du parc de la villette, de la cité des sciences, à 10mn de la cité de la musique, du Zenit, du Cabaret sauvage (salles de concert) Canal de l'ourcq à proximité. Commerces ouverts très tard  Métro ligne 7, à 15 minutes du centre de Paris 1 chambre équipée d'un lit mezzanine 2 places, d'un baby foot et de tout pleins de jeux pour enfants avec possibilité d'y installer un matelas supplémentaire (rangé dans 1 placard en ce moment).  1 salle à manger avec :  1 coin table et chaises pour manger  1 ordinateur relié à internet.  1 coin chambre avec canapé-lit et table de nuit  1 petit balcon plein soleil 1 cuisine avec :  micro onde  machine à laver  cuisinière électrique  placard à vaisselle 1 salle de bain avec baignoire et lavabo  1 toilette 1 couloir avec dedans :  1 bibliothèque avec beaucoup de littérature classique  1 balance Arrivez quand vous voulez, repartez quand vous voulez, Welcome home ! oui, nous sommes sur place. Je travail en journée et mon fils va à l'école/centre
3833		appartement au 7 étage très agréable & lumineux, vue sur le canal  chambre avec porte fenêtre donnant directement sur le balcon & sa salle de bain privative métro 7 & commerces à 3min à pied, métro 5 à 8min à pied parc de la villette à 8min à pied
3834	Appartement situé au 12ème étage : (petite) vue sur la Tour Eiffel.	Lit d'appoint disponible dans le salon d'un appartement de 44 m2 dans le quartier cosmopolite du 19ème.  Logement idéalement situé au pied du métro (lignes 7, 2 et 5) Restaurants, bassin de la Villette, parc des Buttes Chaumont, supermarchés, cinémas ...: à 5 minutes a pied. Appartement situé au 12ème étage : (petite) vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Salle de bains Cuisine Télévision câblée Wifi Ascenseurs Machine à laver Nous pouvons être discrets, ou bon conseilleurs... en fonction de nos disponibilités et surtout de vos envies. Cinémas Restaurants Bassin de la Villette et ses activités (location de bateau électrique sans permis) Supermarchés Parc des Buttes Chaumont. Banques Pharmacies Boulangeries Subway : STALINGRAD : ligne 2 - 5 - 7 (6 minutes à pied)                   RIQUET : ligne 7 (2 minutes a pied) Attention ! CHIEN ! Très câline, mais timide aussi, il ne vous embêtera pas durant la Nuit.
3835		Joli appartement de 2 pièces, confortable et bien équipé, situé à 2 pas du métro Porte de Pantin, du canal de l'Ourcq et du parc de la Villette, idéal pour des ballades et piqueniques, mais également pour filer dans le centre de Paris! 
3836	Appartement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, lumineux, à deux pas des Buttes-Chaumonts. L'appartement dans sa totalité fait 65m carré. Toutes les pièces de l'appartement sont accessibles grâce à l'entrée qui dessert toutes les pièces. La chambre de 17m carré comporte un lit et un grand dressing. Une salle de douche est à votre disposition, avec douche à l italienne et avec des WC séparés. La charmante petite cuisine permet de tout faire! Robots, mixeurs, plats en tout genre avec un four... Grand salon avec TV, canapé et table à manger. Avec un balcon donnant sur rue	Chambre dans un charmant appartement de 65m2 avec un grand salon avec balcon donnant sur rue. Très agréable dans un quartier animé, et à 2 pas des Buttes Chaumont pour un pique nique sympathique ou un soirée parisienne  au RosaBonheur! Appartement moderne, 3 pièces (66m2) dans le 19eme arrondissement, au sein d’une résidence calme au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, avec balcon Entre métro Place des Fêtes (ligne 11) et Botzaris (ligne 7bis) Appartement au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, lumineux, à deux pas des Buttes-Chaumonts. L'appartement dans sa totalité fait 65m carré. Toutes les pièces de l'appartement sont accessibles grâce à l'entrée qui dessert toutes les pièces. La chambre de 17m carré comporte un lit et un grand dressing. Une salle de douche est à votre disposition, avec douche à l italienne et avec des WC séparés. La charmante petite cuisine permet de tout faire! Robots, mixeurs, plats en tout genre avec un four... Grand salon avec TV, canapé et table à manger. Avec un balcon donnant
3837		Hi, You'll enjoy the confortable and big room right in front of the parc Buttes Chaumont during your trip in Paris. The other room is occupied by my best friend. Any questions? I'm listening. See you soon. Cheers. Kitchenette,  toilets, shower. Metro 5
3838	Welcome to Jeff and Peggy B&B a special address to add to your wish list for when you will come to Paris ! We live in Paris since 2005. We felt in love with the city. 3 years ago, we launched our blog to collect great places to visit in Paris (restaurants, museum, fashion shop, cake shop, take out for a walk, ...). We have more than 500 articles on the blog, so we can surely advise you with specific things to visit that you’ll enjoy. Peggy is a QHSE (Quality Health Safety Environment) Engineer in a big energy group & Jeff is a Web Entrepreneur who enjoy social media, digital marketing & connecting people. In 2011, we opened a B&B in our flat to share our discoveries and our love for Paris with foreigners. Our hosting services quality is certified since july 2012 by Paris main city hall. The flat, 840 sq Ft, is located in Paris 19th Area. Our location is very lovely & practical (small shops, open air French market, restaurants, perfumery shop, Canal de l'Ourcq & Saint Martin, the new fa	Peggy & Jeff are SuperHost. They're famous Parisian Bloggers & Yoga Teachers. They've wrote more than 500 articles about places you should see and visit during your stay. If you want to experience the best stay in Paris, you're at the right place. Welcome to Jeff and Peggy B&B a special address to add to your wish list for when you will come to Paris ! We live in Paris since 2005. We felt in love with the city. 3 years ago, we launched our blog to collect great places to visit in Paris (restaurants, museum, fashion shop, cake shop, take out for a walk, ...). We have more than 500 articles on the blog, so we can surely advise you with specific things to visit that you’ll enjoy. Peggy is a QHSE (Quality Health Safety Environment) Engineer in a big energy group & Jeff is a Web Entrepreneur who enjoy social media, digital marketing & connecting people. In 2011, we opened a B&B in our flat to share our discoveries and our love for Paris with foreigners. Our hosting services quality is certi
3839	The 90 sqm apartment is in a residential building with an elevator built in 2003. The area dedicated to guests is right when you enter. With this location, your room is separate from the rest of the apartment, allowing privacy. Our north and south oriented apartment makes it a pleasant, bright and calm place with wooden floors in the common areas. AVAILABILITY & BOOKING : To ensure availability, please book in advance. Minimum stay is 3 nights. Guests are welcome for weekends, holidays or internships in Paris.	Located close to the Cité des Sciences (Paris Science Museum), Parc de la Villette and Parc des Buttes Chaumonts, our room for rent is the ideal place for a relaxing and friendly stay in Paris. The 90 sqm apartment is in a residential building with an elevator built in 2003. The area dedicated to guests is right when you enter. With this location, your room is separate from the rest of the apartment, allowing privacy. Our north and south oriented apartment makes it a pleasant, bright and calm place with wooden floors in the common areas. AVAILABILITY & BOOKING : To ensure availability, please book in advance. Minimum stay is 3 nights. Guests are welcome for weekends, holidays or internships in Paris. Your 15 sqm, bedroom faces south and includes a double bed, two beside tables and lamps, closet, LCD TV with 100 national and international channels, and wireless internet. You will have your own bathroom with a shower, sink and storage. The bedroom also features a small balcony (smoking o
3840	The room is clean, quiet and cosy. You found a place where you can put all your stuff. The bed is a futon bed. Japanese way sleeping : stable and soft. FREE WIRELESS INTERNET. ENJOY my flat and the amazing view on Paris : Bright sunny room filled with natural light and a panoramic  view. Access to the bathroom with hot water, a bathtub/shower. Access to a fully equipped kitchen( kettle, micro-wave...). You can cook and put all your food & beverages in the fridge. Location :  SUBWAY just a few steps away ! 2 MIN WALK FROM THE APARTMENT  DIRECT ACCES from GARE DU NORD and GARE DE L'EST DIRECT ACCESS  to the center of Paris less than 15 min . You can reach OPERA and MUSEE DU LOUVRE DIRECTLY,  it's not  necessary changing line. 20 MIN by underground to EIFFEL TOWER and CHAMPS-ELYSEES VERY Near less 15 min  famous PERE LACHAISE Cemetery, MONTMARTRE, SACRE COEUR, PIGALLE and MOULIN ROUGE Visiting DISNEYLAND RESORT in one day is possible (connexion with RER A at Opéra station about 1h30 min b	A room quiet and clean with amazing view.  WI-FI free. Less 2 min from the main station. Less 15 min from the center. it's a large flat with all accommodations. The room is clean, quiet and cosy. You found a place where you can put all your stuff. The bed is a futon bed. Japanese way sleeping : stable and soft. FREE WIRELESS INTERNET. ENJOY my flat and the amazing view on Paris : Bright sunny room filled with natural light and a panoramic  view. Access to the bathroom with hot water, a bathtub/shower. Access to a fully equipped kitchen( kettle, micro-wave...). You can cook and put all your food & beverages in the fridge. Location :  SUBWAY just a few steps away ! 2 MIN WALK FROM THE APARTMENT  DIRECT ACCES from GARE DU NORD and GARE DE L'EST DIRECT ACCESS  to the center of Paris less than 15 min . You can reach OPERA and MUSEE DU LOUVRE DIRECTLY,  it's not  necessary changing line. 20 MIN by underground to EIFFEL TOWER and CHAMPS-ELYSEES VERY Near less 15 min  famous PERE LACHAISE Ceme
3841	L'appartement est un grand 4 pièces de 97m2 avec un balcon donnant sur le quartier avec une petite table. Pas de vis à vis. Immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et ascenseur. L'appartement est composé de 4 chambres, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé, grand hall d'entrée avec porte-manteaux. Grande cuisine équipée d'une gazinière four, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur- congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain, bouilloire, divers... table et ses 4 chaises pour vos repas. Agréable salon avec un canapé cuir convertibles offrant la possibilité d'un couchage 2 places de 140x200, une table basse et un fauteuil cuir. Téléviseur, internet, accès wifi gratuit.	Chambre simple de 12 m2   et confortable de  équipée d'un double lit simple, d'un bureau et chaise, d'un porte manteau et d'un dressing. Donnant libre accès à toutes les commodités de l'appartement de 97m2. Accès WIFI et ADSL. L'appartement est un grand 4 pièces de 97m2 avec un balcon donnant sur le quartier avec une petite table. Pas de vis à vis. Immeuble sécurisé avec digicode et ascenseur. L'appartement est composé de 4 chambres, salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparé, grand hall d'entrée avec porte-manteaux. Grande cuisine équipée d'une gazinière four, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur- congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain, bouilloire, divers... table et ses 4 chaises pour vos repas. Agréable salon avec un canapé cuir convertibles offrant la possibilité d'un couchage 2 places de 140x200, une table basse et un fauteuil cuir. Téléviseur, internet, accès wifi gratuit. Situé dans un quartier proche de toutes commodités (transports, commerces, restaurants...). Très 
3842	I recently bought this apartment and I actually live in it. I am renting it when I leave town. It's a 28 square meters 1 bedroom apartement located in a typical and calm Parisian square. It can host up to 4 people with a large bed in the bedroom and a very comfortable pull-out sofa bed in the living-room. Small but handy kitchen you can use freely (oven to be provided soon) and brand new bathroom! Sheets and towels provided at your arrival.	Located in very typical Parisian Square, this 1 bedroom apartment can host up to 4 people (2 in a large bed and 2 a comfy pull-out sofa bed). Equiped kitchen and brand new bathroom will make your stay perfect!  15 minutes ride to Paris centre I recently bought this apartment and I actually live in it. I am renting it when I leave town. It's a 28 square meters 1 bedroom apartement located in a typical and calm Parisian square. It can host up to 4 people with a large bed in the bedroom and a very comfortable pull-out sofa bed in the living-room. Small but handy kitchen you can use freely (oven to be provided soon) and brand new bathroom! Sheets and towels provided at your arrival. Apartment is a few minutes walk from subway line 11 (Pyrénées) and 7bis (Buttes Chaumont) or using bus 26 direct to Paris Gare du Nord. From CDG or Orly airport it's between 50 to 1h15 minutes depending on the route you take. I will not be in Paris when you'll stay but I'm always available anywhere I go : telep
3843	Located in Central Paris (Belleville) You'll have all the apartment for yourself and can enjoy peacefulness and all the activitiesthat Paris has to offer  day and night. 1 bedroom, with king size bed, shower cabin, and a living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and  you'll have wifi and a tv. It's less than 2 min. walk to the subway (Pyrénées or Jourdain on the 11th), and the night bus stops very closeby. You can be anywhere in Paris in less than 30 min. Two of the most beautiful parks of Paris are within walking distance (Parc de Belleville & Parc des Buttes-Chaumont). There are plenty of restaurant around. You'll definitely enjoy staying here ! 	Super convenient & charming 1 bedroom, down a quiet alley. Close to the subway, it's easy to go anywhere. Fully equiped and located in one of the most genuine and popular area of Paris. The sofa has been replaced by a twin-sized bed Located in Central Paris (Belleville) You'll have all the apartment for yourself and can enjoy peacefulness and all the activitiesthat Paris has to offer  day and night. 1 bedroom, with king size bed, shower cabin, and a living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and  you'll have wifi and a tv. It's less than 2 min. walk to the subway (Pyrénées or Jourdain on the 11th), and the night bus stops very closeby. You can be anywhere in Paris in less than 30 min. Two of the most beautiful parks of Paris are within walking distance (Parc de Belleville & Parc des Buttes-Chaumont). There are plenty of restaurant around. You'll definitely enjoy staying here ! Restaurants, parcs, concert, cafés, subway & stores down the street Subway 11 (Jourdain, Pyrénnées) Subway 2 (
3844		In the heart of the artistic Belleville, this flat has all you can except for a perfect stay in Paris. Great location Metro (2&11) 1mn walk Velib 1mn walk Bus 26 gare du Nord 1mn walk Full equipment Ou
3845		je vis dans une maison dans le 19ème arrondissement de paris, proche de la villette et du 104, centre culturel. J'ai 2 chambres avec un lit simple et je suis accueillante . bienvenus à Paris. Je loue chambres sans cuisine;
3846	You will have a large charming private room with a queen size bed, large mirrors, an armoire, a clothes rack, a table to eat at, clean linen and towels, and other commodities.   The apartment is also equipped with wifi and a landline that can be used to make international calls and to call French cell-phones for free. I can lend you a French refillable cell-phone sim-card during your stay, and provide you with wifi codes that will allow you to use the Internet anywhere in Paris and other cities in France. If you are more than two, I have a large mat and a futon mattress for extra guests and an extra futon in the living room the days I’m not there. There are enough sleeping surfaces to comfortably sleep 3-5 people depending on whether I’m there or not. The living room and the bathroom have had water damage in the ceiling that is still waiting to be repaired (French bureaucracy!), so if rustic isn’t what you’re looking for, you might be better off elsewhere. Or else you can simply spend 	31m2. Short walk to the famous Parc de la Villette. 20 min. direct metro to Louvre and 15 min. to Montmartre/Sacré Coeur. Breakfast included, price cheaper when I'm there, though it's like I'm not. Ample services/tourist info. FULL use of apartment. You will have a large charming private room with a queen size bed, large mirrors, an armoire, a clothes rack, a table to eat at, clean linen and towels, and other commodities.   The apartment is also equipped with wifi and a landline that can be used to make international calls and to call French cell-phones for free. I can lend you a French refillable cell-phone sim-card during your stay, and provide you with wifi codes that will allow you to use the Internet anywhere in Paris and other cities in France. If you are more than two, I have a large mat and a futon mattress for extra guests and an extra futon in the living room the days I’m not there. There are enough sleeping surfaces to comfortably sleep 3-5 people depending on whether I’m th
3847	It is about an attractive studio of 26m ², quite equipped which has a big room to live (19m ²). On the one hand, It makes a room / lounge (double bed) and on the other hand, it's an desk with 3 windows among which big 2 giving due south! Then, there is also a small kitchen separated with table for two and also a window. Finally, a bathroom with toilet and shower.  Internet of course! The apartment is in a very quiet district in 5min of the Park of the Buttes Chaumont!	It is about an attractive studio of 26m ², quite equipped which has a big room to live (19m ²). On the one hand, It makes a room / lounge (double bed) and on the other hand, it's an desk with 3 windows among which big 2 giving due south! Then, there is also a small kitchen separated with table for two and also a window. Finally, a bathroom with toilet and shower.  Internet of course! The apartment is in a very quiet district in 5min of the Park of the Buttes Chaumont!
3848	Cozy apartment of 45 square meters in the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Parc de La Villette The apartment: Cosy 45m2 (1 bedroom) near the Canal de l'Ourcq , on the 1st floor of an old building with a code. It is rented fully equipped and offers all the necessary comfort: - Entry hall (wardrobe and shoe rack) - Living room ( double sofa bed, cable TV, DVD player, Wifi connection) - Fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher , microwave , oven , induction hob , Nespresso coffee machine ... ) - Bedroom (double bed ) - WC - Bathroom (shower, washing machine, dryer) We provide bed linen, duvet covers and towels during your stay. The district: The area has all the shops on Avenue de Flandre (supermarket , restaurants , bars ) , The Cultural Center 104 Park la Villette (5min walk) and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (15 min walk ) and MK2 cinemas . This area is both alive (avenue side ) and peaceful (channel side). Transport: Ideally located , our apartment is 2 minutes from the Crimée subway station (line 7 	We welcome you to our cozy apartment to the Canal de l'Ourcq and Parc de la Villette. From here you can easily visit Paris in all its facets. Cozy apartment of 45 square meters in the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Parc de La Villette The apartment: Cosy 45m2 (1 bedroom) near the Canal de l'Ourcq , on the 1st floor of an old building with a code. It is rented fully equipped and offers all the necessary comfort: - Entry hall (wardrobe and shoe rack) - Living room ( double sofa bed, cable TV, DVD player, Wifi connection) - Fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher , microwave , oven , induction hob , Nespresso coffee machine ... ) - Bedroom (double bed ) - WC - Bathroom (shower, washing machine, dryer) We provide bed linen, duvet covers and towels during your stay. The district: The area has all the shops on Avenue de Flandre (supermarket , restaurants , bars ) , The Cultural Center 104 Park la Villette (5min walk) and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont (15 min walk ) and MK2 cinemas . This area is both ali
3849		The studio is at the first floor of a student residence in the 19e arrondissement, near the Zenith and La Villette. The studio is spacious and bright with a huge bay window. There is a 2 places bed and another 1 place bed. Quiet neighbourhood. I will be available at all time if you need any help Métro 5 : Ourcq Tramway 3b : Porte de Pantin.
3850	I live in a 2 bedrooms flat located in the quietest part of Buttes Chaumont, one of the most popular and trendy areas of Paris. Enjoy a very nice bedroom with a splendid view on the park Buttes Chaumont (the biggest of the city), in the 19th district of Paris. The room has a japanese bed for 2 persons (Futon+Tatami). The apartment is quiet and safe. 	Beautiful bedroom in front of the more picturesque park of Paris: Parc Buttes Chaumont! Very nice neighborhood, arty and lively (Paris, 19e). Close the center (10 min from Châtelet with the subway). I live in a 2 bedrooms flat located in the quietest part of Buttes Chaumont, one of the most popular and trendy areas of Paris. Enjoy a very nice bedroom with a splendid view on the park Buttes Chaumont (the biggest of the city), in the 19th district of Paris. The room has a japanese bed for 2 persons (Futon+Tatami). The apartment is quiet and safe.  You will have access to full equipment in the kitchen and in the bathroom. The apartment is  at the sixth floor with an elevator.  I am a french artist, I lived in London and in Rio, I can give you tips about the great places in the neighborhood and my favorite addresses in Paris! I speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese. The neighborhood is Buttes Chaumont/Belleville (Paris, 19th arrondissement). There are many good and cheap restaurant
3851	Loft très agréable et très lumineux avec une vue magique sur Paris et le sacré cœur. F4 avec 3 chambres et un salon tout équipé avec cuisine ouverte. 3 chambres, 2 lits simples, un lit double, un lit bébé, et un autre lit parapluie disponible dans la buanderie. Possibilité de brancher deux ventilateurs. Lave vaisselle. Salle d'eau avec baignoire et douche. Buanderie avec lave linge et sèche linge. Internet et télévision, câble. Gardien à l'entrée de la tour, jour et nuit.	appartement LOFT situé sur le quai de seine près de Paris Plage et des cinémas, et de la Villette, ce logement a une vue imprenable sur Paris et a 3 chambres. Très pratique et très bien situé, dans une grande tour , au 13 ème étage avec un gardien. Loft très agréable et très lumineux avec une vue magique sur Paris et le sacré cœur. F4 avec 3 chambres et un salon tout équipé avec cuisine ouverte. 3 chambres, 2 lits simples, un lit double, un lit bébé, et un autre lit parapluie disponible dans la buanderie. Possibilité de brancher deux ventilateurs. Lave vaisselle. Salle d'eau avec baignoire et douche. Buanderie avec lave linge et sèche linge. Internet et télévision, câble. Gardien à l'entrée de la tour, jour et nuit. Pour la remise des clefs, il suffit de me contacter en privé pour toutes les explications nécessaires. Accès facile et pratique. me contacter par téléphone ou par mail, pour des détails précis (remise des clefs, ménage, lieux sympathiques à découvrir, personnes ressources s
3852	50m2 flat with 1 bedroom, big living room, balcony, 1 bathroom and independent kitchen (fully equipped). 4th floor (with elevator) of a 6-floor building. Exposed North-West. Very bright apartment. 1 bedroom with one double-bed (140cmx200cm) and one large convertible sofa in the living-room (can easily fit 2.5 people) which is really comfortable according to all my guests! The apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, mini-oven, coffee maker, kettle, blender…) and has an optical fiber internet access.	Appartement de 50m2 with 1 bedroom, large living-room (with convertible bed), balcony, 1 bath and independant kitchen.  4t floor (with elevator). Very bright! 5 min away from the Buttes Chaumont park and 10min away from la Villette park (Philarmonie, Grande Halle, le Zénith, Cité des Sciences) and the gorgeous Ourcq Canal! 50m2 flat with 1 bedroom, big living room, balcony, 1 bathroom and independent kitchen (fully equipped). 4th floor (with elevator) of a 6-floor building. Exposed North-West. Very bright apartment. 1 bedroom with one double-bed (140cmx200cm) and one large convertible sofa in the living-room (can easily fit 2.5 people) which is really comfortable according to all my guests! The apartment is fully equipped (washing machine, mini-oven, coffee maker, kettle, blender…) and has an optical fiber internet access. Access to the whole apartment. Me and my boyfriend are away over the period, but I will be available by email at all time. In case you need anything, a friend of min
3853	Une très belle chambre privée équipée d'un lit double,placard  appartement situé dans un quartier pavillonnaire de Paris  Au 2 étage d'un immeuble de 2 étages.  3 chambres indépendantes  1 salle à manger  1 cuisine ouverte 1 salle de bain avec douche  	A proximité immédiate du parc des Buttes Chaumont, un appartement de 4 pièces de 65m² Situé au 2eme étage ,zone Pavillionaire , calme,  vous permet de profiter de Paris dans l'esprit village Une très belle chambre privée équipée d'un lit double,placard  appartement situé dans un quartier pavillonnaire de Paris  Au 2 étage d'un immeuble de 2 étages.  3 chambres indépendantes  1 salle à manger  1 cuisine ouverte 1 salle de bain avec douche 200 m des buttes Chaumont  proximité métro.ligne 7 bis ,métro ligne 11 centre de paris en 5 stations  Accès par périphérique et autoroute
3854	My apartment is a nice two rooms, with a lot of charm. I rent it when i'm not in Paris and for short periods only. It is near the center of Paris - Châtelet is far only 7 minutes by Métro -   and the quarter, Belleville, is very nice. A lot of artists live there. There are nice bars and shop.  Life is still quite cheap there, and you can also dine in fine restaurant. Il will suggest you some of them.  A very nice Park is just round the corner, it is the park of Butte Chaumont, my favorite  At home, you will feel as at your place, everything is there, internet, washing-machine, dish-washer. You will enjoy the living-room, very calm with a nice view. If you want, you will be able to receive friends at home. There is enough place for four persons. And of course, you can cooke by your self if you like or order it in a shop near there.  I like make dinners at home with friends.  There are few cinemas not far from there, at place Gambetta or on the channel (Canal de la Villette). You can wal	My apartment is a nice two rooms, with a lot of charm. I rent it when i'm not in Paris and for short periods only. It is near the center of Paris - Châtelet is far only 7 minutes by Métro -   and the quarter, Belleville, is very nice. A lot of artists live there. There are nice bars and shop.  Life is still quite cheap there, and you can also dine in fine restaurant. Il will suggest you some of them.  A very nice Park is just round the corner, it is the park of Butte Chaumont, my favorite  At home, you will feel as at your place, everything is there, internet, washing-machine, dish-washer. You will enjoy the living-room, very calm with a nice view. If you want, you will be able to receive friends at home. There is enough place for four persons. And of course, you can cooke by your self if you like or order it in a shop near there.  I like make dinners at home with friends.  There are few cinemas not far from there, at place Gambetta or on the channel (Canal de la Villette). You can wal
3855	"At your disposal is a beautiful old-fashioned Louis XVI bedroom, with  breakfast included. The shared bathroom is spacious and has a bathtub. The apartment is on the 24th floor of a Parisian tower block. There are 2 lifts. Because of its southern exposure, it is very bright.  The flowery loggia offers stunning views of Paris. Breakfast will be served there: fruit, dairy  products, coffee, tea and pastries. It is possible to wash and dry clothes (ask about conditions when checking in). For transport, the apartment is ideally located:  Metro station ""Crimée"" (Line 7) and Bus 60, 54 or N42 (night bus). This line easily serves famous tourist spots such as the Opéra, the  Louvre museum, Cité des  Sciences, Le Marais and Gare de l'Est. Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) is very close; just 15 minutes away (metro line 7 and 2 or bus 54, 60 and N42).  You prefer cycling? A ""Velib"" station awaits you nearby. The pool in the bottom of the building allows you to relax and keep fit. Cultural Center ""104"" is"	"A lovely old-fashioned Parisian ""Louis XVI"" bedroom with breakfast included (Bed & Breakfast). On the 24th floor of a Parisian tower block, from which you can enjoy amazing views over Paris from the balcony and the bedroom.  You can easily and quickly get to the center of Paris. At your disposal is a beautiful old-fashioned Louis XVI bedroom, with  breakfast included. The shared bathroom is spacious and has a bathtub. The apartment is on the 24th floor of a Parisian tower block. There are 2 lifts. Because of its southern exposure, it is very bright.  The flowery loggia offers stunning views of Paris. Breakfast will be served there: fruit, dairy  products, coffee, tea and pastries. It is possible to wash and dry clothes (ask about conditions when checking in). For transport, the apartment is ideally located:  Metro station ""Crimée"" (Line 7) and Bus 60, 54 or N42 (night bus). This line easily serves famous tourist spots such as the Opéra, the  Louvre museum, Cité des  Sciences, Le Marais"
3856	"Agréable et lumineux, l'appartement est spacieux et offre une vue sur le Canal Saint-Denis. Il est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. La pièce à vivre est en parquet flottant, et se divise entre un espace salon (équipé d'un système son, télé, internet wifi...) et une cuisine ouverte équipée (Machine à laver, cuisinière, frigo, micro-onde, table haute...). Le couchage est un canapé-lit confortable, et facilement convertible (table basse à roulette!). Tout est meublé ""brocante"", de la table en formica au buffet en chêne ; décoration éclectique, parsemée de quelques instruments de musique (guitare, piano électrique ou harmonica...), et de quelques pochettes à dessin. Quelques outils sont cachés  (plus ou moins) dans l'appartement, mais ne nuisent pas à son charme.  Vous êtes libre de vous y sentir comme chez vous et d'utiliser tout ce qui est à votre disposition, pas de restriction particulière si ce n'est de respecter le lieu!"	"Studio de 28m2 loi carrez, 36m2 au sol, mensardé et traversant. Appartement calme et très lumineux, à deux pas du parc de la Villette. Agréable et lumineux, l'appartement est spacieux et offre une vue sur le Canal Saint-Denis. Il est situé au 6ème étage sans ascenseur. La pièce à vivre est en parquet flottant, et se divise entre un espace salon (équipé d'un système son, télé, internet wifi...) et une cuisine ouverte équipée (Machine à laver, cuisinière, frigo, micro-onde, table haute...). Le couchage est un canapé-lit confortable, et facilement convertible (table basse à roulette!). Tout est meublé ""brocante"", de la table en formica au buffet en chêne ; décoration éclectique, parsemée de quelques instruments de musique (guitare, piano électrique ou harmonica...), et de quelques pochettes à dessin. Quelques outils sont cachés  (plus ou moins) dans l'appartement, mais ne nuisent pas à son charme.  Vous êtes libre de vous y sentir comme chez vous et d'utiliser tout ce qui est à votre disp"
3857	Typiquement Parisien l'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier populaire et à 5mn du centre de Paris 	Charmant Studio de 34m2 dans l'ancien, au 4ème étg en double exposition, calme donnant sur une rue piétonne, sans vis à vis, au pied du métro à 5mn de Beaubourg et 7mn du Sacré Coeur. Cuisine américaine, 1 lit double, 1 canapé-lit 2 places, dressing. Typiquement Parisien l'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier populaire et à 5mn du centre de Paris A 5 minutes des Buttes Chaumont A 5 minutes du musée Beaubourg A 7 minutes du Sacré coeur A 10 minutes de Chatêlet Je suis Parisienne depuis de nombreuses années et peux donc renseigner les voyageurs sur toutes sortes de sorties. C'est un quartier très vivant où il y a beaucoup de restaurants, bars et commerces. Il y a un métro au pied de l'appartement la ligne 2 et la ligne 11
3858	Beautiful 60 m2 flat  with wooden floors large living room of 30 m2, loft spirit, very comfortable, ideal for family with children 2 bedrooms  (one with a 140 regular bed /the other with a 140 futon bed) fully equipped kitchen bathroom with bathtub very quiet (inner courtyard) Spacieux et très calme (toute les pièces donnent sur une cour intérieure ou une courette), idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf et est tout équipé : - Cuisine (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, four, micro-onde, bouilloire, grille-pain, nespresso et dosettes de café) - Salle de bain avec fenêtre (baignoire/douche, serviettes invités, sèche-cheveux, radio) - Salon et salle à manger : télévision, internet et Wi-fi, enceintes Chauffage électrique dans toutes les pièces.	60 m2, charme de l'ancien (parquet, moulures). Grande pièce de vie (30 m2), esprit loft, très confortable Idéal pour famille avec enfants. 2 chambres (1 lit 140 / 1 futon 140)  avec rangements Cuisine ouverte équipée, Salle de bain avec baignoire Très calme (sur cours) Beautiful 60 m2 flat  with wooden floors large living room of 30 m2, loft spirit, very comfortable, ideal for family with children 2 bedrooms  (one with a 140 regular bed /the other with a 140 futon bed) fully equipped kitchen bathroom with bathtub very quiet (inner courtyard) Spacieux et très calme (toute les pièces donnent sur une cour intérieure ou une courette), idéal pour un séjour en famille ou entre amis L'appartement vient d'être refait à neuf et est tout équipé : - Cuisine (réfrigérateur, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, four, micro-onde, bouilloire, grille-pain, nespresso et dosettes de café) - Salle de bain avec fenêtre (baignoire/douche, serviettes invités, sèche-cheveux, radio) - Salon et
3859	Very sunny appartement	APARTEMENT IN PARIS, 40 square meters, very sunny , quiet , on the 4 th floor with elevator.                 you will find ONE  séparated Kitchen with amenities , micowave fridge ,                                         A big living room with convertible coach , and télévision and wifi.                                                             ONE bathroom with Bath and amenities and towels and séparated closet
3860	Cosy apartment on the seventh floor of a building from 80s’ (with two lifts). The flat is quiet, sunny, and can comfortably accommodate 2 to 7 persons. Ideal for a family. Fresh sheets and towels provided for every guest. A professional cleaning lady cleans the flat before your arrival. The apartment has three bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom with a bathtub, a separate toilets and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher, electric stove, oven, toaster, fridge and freezer and washing machine. In the first bedroom, you will find a very comfortable king size bed and in the second bedroom two single beds (one bed is a pullout bed). In the third bedroom, there is one single bed. In the living room, two persons can sleep on a comfortable sofa bed. There are two flowery balconies on which you can relax in a long chair and have a drink after visiting Paris. If you have a car, we have a private parking included in the price. The parking is 180 cm (height) and 210 cm (large) 410 cm (deep).  If yo	Cosy apartment on the seventh floor of a building from 80s’ (with two lifts) in a large residence. The flat is quiet, sunny, and can comfortably accommodate 2 to 6 persons. Ideal for a family. Fresh sheets and towels provided for every guest.  Cosy apartment on the seventh floor of a building from 80s’ (with two lifts). The flat is quiet, sunny, and can comfortably accommodate 2 to 7 persons. Ideal for a family. Fresh sheets and towels provided for every guest. A professional cleaning lady cleans the flat before your arrival. The apartment has three bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom with a bathtub, a separate toilets and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher, electric stove, oven, toaster, fridge and freezer and washing machine. In the first bedroom, you will find a very comfortable king size bed and in the second bedroom two single beds (one bed is a pullout bed). In the third bedroom, there is one single bed. In the living room, two persons can sleep on a comfortable sofa bed. There
3861	You would share the flat with Christine, my flatmate! She is working all day long :)	I have a lovely bedroom for a single person in a shared flat for you. Your room has 14qm and is equiped with a desk, bed and an open closet. You would share the flat with Christine, my flatmate! She is working all day long :) Belleville- nice restaurants, China town, still close to the centre and a beautiful park (Buttes Chaumont) Please not that you have a thick curtain instead of a door in your room:) But you have privacy and silence.
3862	ça vue le rend unique, étant situé au 17eme étage du plus haut point de Paris, le panorama y est incroyable.	Living room set up as a big bedroom with amazing panorama from paris on the 17th floor. With kitchen, bathroom, and toilette. 2 others rooms are already used.
3863	The apartment is a duplex with two levels: two bathroom, toilets and balcony and with large window. The residence is in a beautiful garden. The duplex is shared with a Hong Kong photographer who speak Chinese and a history teacher. Bedroom with a private fridge	5minutes by walking to the canal in Paris, charming, bright and spacious room, in a duplex with access to a balcony on the second level Building in a huge garden.  3 minutes from métro Crimée. 20 minutes to Louvre, 40 minutes to Eiffel tour. The apartment is a duplex with two levels: two bathroom, toilets and balcony and with large window. The residence is in a beautiful garden. The duplex is shared with a Hong Kong photographer who speak Chinese and a history teacher. Bedroom with a private fridge Access to the kitchen but food not inclusive. Access to the laundry and product to wash clothes if booking less than seven days. Access to the balcony Feel free to ask any question about Paris, your visit...I'm teacher for history subject, I can advise you for interesting places and exhibitions info. - The canal de l'Ourcq with romantic walk nearby the bridge or the park LA Villette 5 minutes -free film outdoor sometimes in english in the park de la villette during summer, by walking 15 minu
3864	We are offering our 2 bedroom apartment by the wonderful Buttes Chaumont park in the 19th arrondissement in Paris (the park is just at the end of our street, in the Belleville neighbourhood). We renovated the apartment last year, blending contemporary furniture and fittings with its original mid-19th century style.  The apartment measures 57m² / 600feet², including an eat-in kitchen which opens onto a lounge room (sofa which can open into a comfortable double bed), bedroom with double bed, and a smaller second bedroom (currently set up with a cot for our baby) and bathroom. Oak flooring throughout, freshly painted, double glazed windows, quality heating, lots of natural light. Fibre optic internet, wifi, TV, free phone calls to most landlines in the world. The bedrooms are on the quiet courtyard side of the building, while the lounge room and kitchen look onto a little Parisian square with cafés and restaurants. On this side of the apartment there is not much traffic noise, especially 	Gorgeous renovated two bedroom apartment in a hip and friendly neighbourhood. Modern appliances, contemporary styling. At the entrance to Paris' most beautitul park. 10-15 minutes on the métro to Nôtre Dame. We are offering our 2 bedroom apartment by the wonderful Buttes Chaumont park in the 19th arrondissement in Paris (the park is just at the end of our street, in the Belleville neighbourhood). We renovated the apartment last year, blending contemporary furniture and fittings with its original mid-19th century style.  The apartment measures 57m² / 600feet², including an eat-in kitchen which opens onto a lounge room (sofa which can open into a comfortable double bed), bedroom with double bed, and a smaller second bedroom (currently set up with a cot for our baby) and bathroom. Oak flooring throughout, freshly painted, double glazed windows, quality heating, lots of natural light. Fibre optic internet, wifi, TV, free phone calls to most landlines in the world. The bedrooms are on the q
3865		Grand 2 pièces avec mezzanine, rénové, charmant et confortable avec une vue époustouflante sur tout Paris. Coup de coeur garanti! Très calme, très clair, dans quartier sympathique et cosmopolite de Belleville, proche du métro et de Chatelet
3866	WE RENTING CHARMING BEDROOM WITH TERRACE IN SPACIOUS APARTMENT (120M2). OUR PLACE IS PLEASANT, QUIET AND BRIGHT, ON THE 4TH FLOOR WITH ELEVATOR, WIFI, ADSL, WASH MACHINE. KITCHEN AND BATHROOM (BATHTUB) FULL EQUIPPED. WE SUPPLY SHEETS AND TOWELS. WE ARE ATTENTIVE TO YOUR NEEDS. I CAN GIVE YOU ALL THE GOOD PLANS OF THE DISTRICT AND THE PLACES TO SEE IN PARIS. WHAT TO SEE THAT TO MAKE! A BEAUTIFUL NEIGHBORHOOD, NEAR THE CANAL ST MARTIN, CITÉ DE LA MUSIQUE, CITÉ DES SCIENCES, LA VILLETTE AND BUTTES CHAUMONT PARK (BARS, RESTAURANTS, THEATRES, MUSEUM, CONCERT HALL, CINEMA, PARK). METRO OURCQ, LINE 5, IN 10 MN OF THE RÉPUBLIQUE, AND 20MN OF THE BASTILLE, MARAIS DISTRICT. WELCOME!	"WE RENTING CHARMING BEDROOM WITH TERRACE IN SPACIOUS APARTMENT (120M2). OUR PLACE IS PLEASANT, QUIET AND BRIGHT, ON THE 4TH FLOOR WITH ELEVATOR, WIFI, ADSL, WASH MACHINE. KITCHEN AND BATHROOM (BATHTUB) FULL EQUIPPED. WE SUPPLY SHEETS AND TOWELS. WE ARE ATTENTIVE TO YOUR NEEDS. I CAN GIVE YOU ALL THE GOOD PLANS OF THE DISTRICT AND THE PLACES TO SEE IN PARIS. WHAT TO SEE THAT TO MAKE! A BEAUTIFUL NEIGHBORHOOD, NEAR THE CANAL ST MARTIN, CITÉ DE LA MUSIQUE, CITÉ DES SCIENCES, LA VILLETTE AND BUTTES CHAUMONT PARK (BARS, RESTAURANTS, THEATRES, MUSEUM, CONCERT HALL, CINEMA, PARK). METRO OURCQ, LINE 5, IN 10 MN OF THE RÉPUBLIQUE, AND 20MN OF THE BASTILLE, MARAIS DISTRICT. WELCOME! I was born in Paris and I know well my city and my district, I can make you share all the good plans and the places which I like in Paris! I like the Butte Chaumont park , walk along the canal and to drink a coffee in one of numerous café which goes along the canal. The summer many of Parisian come to ""picniquer"" fee"
3867	Two rooms, 54 sqm. I propose to host someone by renting one of my room. The apartment has: - a bedroom facing to quiet private spaces not overlooked (this bedroom will not be shared and will be dedicated to the traveler's private part),  - a living room (not shared),  - a kitchen (shared), - bathroom (shared), - and a balcony. Equipment: LCD TV to watch AVI and DivX movies, DVD player, Nintendo Wii, WiFi, fridge w/ freezer, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, bathroom with hydromassage shower, towels and linen provided, separated toilet. Disabled people: - The width of the doors may fit to disabled people (55 cm / 21.6 inch). - People can sit in the shower, grab handles and use a hand shower, - A lift can help to access to the apartment, presence of external ramps to supplant stairs, - Parking is free and included for disabled people.	Two rooms, 54 sqm. I propose to host someone by renting one of my room. The apartment has: - a bedroom facing to quiet private spaces not overlooked (this bedroom will not be shared and will be dedicated to the traveler's private part),  - a living room (not shared),  - a kitchen (shared), - bathroom (shared), - and a balcony. Equipment: LCD TV to watch AVI and DivX movies, DVD player, Nintendo Wii, WiFi, fridge w/ freezer, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, bathroom with hydromassage shower, towels and linen provided, separated toilet. Disabled people: - The width of the doors may fit to disabled people (55 cm / 21.6 inch). - People can sit in the shower, grab handles and use a hand shower, - A lift can help to access to the apartment, presence of external ramps to supplant stairs, - Parking is free and included for disabled people. The traveler will rent a fully private room opening to a quiet non-overlooking area (15 sqm). This room is not shared with me and cons
3868	"A charming little flat (32 square meters) in the heart of a typical old ""rive droite"" arrondissement, the 11ème arrondissement - very close to Belleville and Canal St Martin, at walking distance from the Marais and the amazing historical square of Place des Vosges, one of the oldest in Paris. Le Marais is a great area for a Sunday brunch, or for a shopping tour in the designers' boutiques. It is pedestrians only on week-end. Belleville remains one the most authentic district of the city where the whole word meets, there are some Asian, African, South American restaurants and shops to chose from.  The Canal Saint Martin offers cruises from Bastille and its Arsenal all the way up the wonderful La Villette Parc. The flat is at the third floor (no lift) in a late 19th century building. The stairs and the building in general are in need of renovation. The flat itself has been recently renovated and is in a perfect state and very comfortable for 2 people. Very luminous (2 large windows)  and"	"A charming little flat (32 square meters) in the heart of a typical old ""rive droite"" arrondissement, the 11ème arrondissement - very close to Belleville and Canal St Martin, at walking distance from the Marais and the amazing historical square of Place des Vosges, one of the oldest in Paris. Le Marais is a great area for a Sunday brunch, or for a shopping tour in the designers' boutiques. It is pedestrians only on week-end. Belleville remains one the most authentic district of the city where the whole word meets, there are some Asian, African, South American restaurants and shops to chose from.  The Canal Saint Martin offers cruises from Bastille and its Arsenal all the way up the wonderful La Villette Parc. The flat is at the third floor (no lift) in a late 19th century building. The stairs and the building in general are in need of renovation. The flat itself has been recently renovated and is in a perfect state and very comfortable for 2 people. Very luminous (2 large windows)  and"
3869		Our bright and well-located one bedroom apartment is 2 minutes from one of the most beautiful parks in Paris--Buttes Chaumont.  Enjoy our fully equipped kitchen and easy access to all of Paris with two close subway lines, the 7bis and 11.  
3870	Rénové, lumineux (exposé sud/sud-Est), au pied du métro/tram/bus/taxi !	Ce studio de 19m² est situé juste au dessus de métro 11. Cuisine équipée, lave linge séchant et salle de bain toute neuve. Quartier vivant à 2 pas de Belleville, Villette, buttes chaumont. Piscine, ciné, bar et commerces au pied de l'immeuble ! Rénové, lumineux (exposé sud/sud-Est), au pied du métro/tram/bus/taxi ! Tout l'équipement est mis à disposition  Le temps d'un café pour expliquer les questions pratiques ou conseiller quelques endroits sympas ! Pour les touristes : 2 lignes de métro, une ligne de tramway, un accès facile au périphérique ! et des commerces de proximité ! Le parc de la Villette à 5 minutes ! Pour les sorties culturelles : la cité des sciences, la philharmonie de Paris à 5 minutes, le multiplex cinéma Étoile et le quartier Chinois de Belleville.  Pour les sportifs : une piscine municipale avec toit ouvrant, un playground de basket, le magnifique parc des buttes Chaumont pour courir ou se balader. Pour les gourmands : de nombreuses brasseries, bars, japonais, chino
3871		Spacious unique 4 bedrooms house, located in peaceful Mouzaia area. Private garden, large luminous living room. Less than 5 min from prettiest and biggest park in Paris: Buttes Chaumont.  Marais and Montmartre are both less than 20 min away!
3872	It is an apartment but it looks like a big house, we just have 2 neighbors.	The apartment is located 5 min by walk from transportations. You have many buses, night buses, tramway and subway lines. It takes 15min to reach the center. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. You have nearby a supermarket, bakery, etc... It is an apartment but it looks like a big house, we just have 2 neighbors. Since I have 2 roommates you have to share the kitchen and the living-room. There is an other bathroom downstairs with a bathtub that you can also use. I am renting this room when I am not there. At you arrival, you will interact mostly with my roommates. There are very nice and they can both speak english if needed. I like being cross the street from Paris because it is quiet and the same it is really fast and easy to reach bars, and main attraction in the city center. I also like walking thru the park close to get to the subway station. Subway : 3bis and 11 Buses: (phone number hidden) Night buses : N12, N23 Tramway : 3b From CDG airport you will only have to make one connec
3873		Appartement dans l'ancien. Très bien exposé, sans vis à vis, il donne sur une cour. Il est situé dans un quartier très agréable à vivre et un square plein de charme. Quartier commerçant, proche du parc des Buttes-chaumont. Logement à 5 minutes de la ligne 11 du métro (station Pyrénées) et de la ligne 7 bis ( Buttes-Chaumont). Bus 26 (arrêt Buttes-Chaumont Botzaris: trajet de Nation à Saint- Lazare)
3874	Studio de 17m² situé au 3ème étage avec double vitrages donnant sur une cour intérieur.	Venez passez un bon moment dans le dernier quartier parisien très à la mode, au pied du canal saint martin et du bassin de la Villette. Ce studio vous permettra d´être très bien situé dans Paris avec les lignes 2, 5, 7 et 7bis à 2min à pied Studio de 17m² situé au 3ème étage avec double vitrages donnant sur une cour intérieur. Vous aurez accès à : - Draps et serviettes - Douche et WC - Sèche-cheveux et fer à repasser - Télévision - Wifi (domino Orange) - Four et plaques induction pour cuisiner - Réfrigérateur - Bouilloire - Cafetière - Grille pain Nous nous verrons au moment du check in et du check out pour la remise des clés. C'est un quartier très bien situé et agréable, notamment avec la proximité du Canal St Martin  et à 15 minutes à pied des Buttes Chaumont. L'appartement se trouve à 2 pas de l'Avenue Secrétan, une rue très commerçante, et de très bon produit. Le parc de la Villette est aussi à 4 stations en direction de Bobigny, avec la cité de la musique, la cité des sciences et
3875		Appartement lumineux au 1er étage situé dans le 19eme arrondissement à 7 minutes à pied des Buttes Chaumont.  Il comprend une belle pièce de vie avec canapé, table basse et une table haute pour déjeuner/dîner. Cuisine équipée.
3876	"Lumineux, calme et idéalement situé. Beaucoup de charme : parquet ancien, moulures et cheminée. Bel intérieur confortable, bien agencé et décoré avec goût (meubles et objets ""vintage"", etc.). - Cuisine pratique et fonctionnelle. - Salon donnant sur une rue calme, avec 1 table et 4 chaises, 1 canapé, une télévision, la bibliothèque. - Salle d'eau, avec lavabo et miroir, 1 grande cabine de douche, & WC. - Chambre sur cour (très calme), avec 1 armoire, 1 fauteuil club, 1 commode, 1 futon traditionnel (avec tatamis)."	"Confortable, calme et lumineux. Traversant. Chambre sur cour. 4e étage d'un joli petit immeuble, dans une rue très calme, à 5 min du métro Pyrénées et du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Décoré avec goût. Lumineux, calme et idéalement situé. Beaucoup de charme : parquet ancien, moulures et cheminée. Bel intérieur confortable, bien agencé et décoré avec goût (meubles et objets ""vintage"", etc.). - Cuisine pratique et fonctionnelle. - Salon donnant sur une rue calme, avec 1 table et 4 chaises, 1 canapé, une télévision, la bibliothèque. - Salle d'eau, avec lavabo et miroir, 1 grande cabine de douche, & WC. - Chambre sur cour (très calme), avec 1 armoire, 1 fauteuil club, 1 commode, 1 futon traditionnel (avec tatamis). Cuisine : plaques à induction, bouilloire, cafetière italienne, blender, machine à laver. Salon : télévision, internet wifi, chaine hifi - lecteur blu-ray Disponible en permanence par email ou téléphone tout au long du séjour. Quartier calme et agréab"
3877	Big, central, quiet and charming room.	The flat includes one living room and two big bedrooms, one of which is reserved to my guests. Parquet, large windows and quietness. Big, central, quiet and charming room. Private bedroom, shared living room, shared bathroom, shared kitchen. Usually I welcome my guests myself. The amazing and lively Belleville district. Only for real parisian fans! Metro Belleville, Two lines: 2 and 11. Very central and pratical.
3878		Appartement traversant de 55m2 à 200 mètres des buttes chaumont, 50 mètres de la butte bergeyre, et moins de 10 minutes du canal st martin et du canal de l'ourcq. Son emplacement est parfait pour profiter de la quiétude du quartier des buttes chaumon
3879	I am offering my room while I am away on various trips throughout the year. The room is about 160sq ft, fully furnished (sofa, bed, dresser, shelves.), has a nice little balcony, beautiful wooden floors, a non-working fireplace and a huge antique mirror. It is very bright and relatively quiet even though it is on a main street. This is one of three bedrooms of an apartment of 700 sq ft located in an old fashioned typical Parisian style building, on the 4th floor with an elevator. The apartment has lots of character, is very pleasant: the kitchen and bathroom are spacious and fully equipped. We have internet, telephone, and a washing machine. The apartment is very well located: 100 meters (1 minute) from the metro station Ourcq on the line 5, which will get you to the center of Paris within 15-30 minutes (depending on where you're going) and crosses every metro line. It is right next to the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont; Canal de l'Ourcq and Parc de La Villette. There are several very nice m	I am offering my room while I am away on various trips throughout the year. The room is about 160sq ft, fully furnished (sofa, bed, dresser, shelves.), has a nice little balcony, beautiful wooden floors, a non-working fireplace and a huge antique mirror. It is very bright and relatively quiet even though it is on a main street. This is one of three bedrooms of an apartment of 700 sq ft located in an old fashioned typical Parisian style building, on the 4th floor with an elevator. The apartment has lots of character, is very pleasant: the kitchen and bathroom are spacious and fully equipped. We have internet, telephone, and a washing machine. The apartment is very well located: 100 meters (1 minute) from the metro station Ourcq on the line 5, which will get you to the center of Paris within 15-30 minutes (depending on where you're going) and crosses every metro line. It is right next to the Parc des Buttes-Chaumont; Canal de l'Ourcq and Parc de La Villette. There are several very nice m
3880	Bonjour, Nous proposons 2 chambres dans notre duplex (au total 3 chambres pour 3 colocs) de 100m². Appartement de caractère : couleurs, parquet, moulures. Nord est de Paris, proche des buttes Chaumont (2min), du canal de l'Ourcq (4min), et du parc de la Villette (10min) pour savourer au soleil un pique nique et des concerts en plein air. Metro : Laumière, ligne 5. A 3 stations de la gare du Nord (15min afin de prendre votre RER B pour Roissy Charles de Gaulle) et à 20min de Chatelet les Halles. Vous trouverez tous les commerces: boucherie, poissonnerie, boulangerie, primeurs, fleuriste, caviste, supermarchés dans la rue limitrophe. A 5 min à pied se trouve un centre sportif avec piscine, patinoire, espace forme. Venez découvrir la vie parisienne à l'appart! Les colocs.	Bonjour, Nous proposons 2 chambres dans notre duplex (au total 3 chambres pour 3 colocs) de 100m². Appartement de caractère : couleurs, parquet, moulures. Nord est de Paris, proche des buttes Chaumont (2min), du canal de l'Ourcq (4min), et du parc de la Villette (10min) pour savourer au soleil un pique nique et des concerts en plein air. Metro : Laumière, ligne 5. A 3 stations de la gare du Nord (15min afin de prendre votre RER B pour Roissy Charles de Gaulle) et à 20min de Chatelet les Halles. Vous trouverez tous les commerces: boucherie, poissonnerie, boulangerie, primeurs, fleuriste, caviste, supermarchés dans la rue limitrophe. A 5 min à pied se trouve un centre sportif avec piscine, patinoire, espace forme. Venez découvrir la vie parisienne à l'appart! Les colocs.
3881	Agréable appartement de 30m2 donnant sur cour intérieure, lumineux, avec sa chambre séparée au quatrième étage d’un quartier typique et prisé de Paris. Idéal pour deux personnes ou 3. Amis, couple avec ou sans enfant, amant(e)s soyez les bienvenus! Vous pourrez ainsi profiter de la capitale et de la vie parisienne avec une grande facilité et proximité : en plein coeur de Belleville vous pourrez y profiter de son marché, de ses restaurants ou cantines asiatiques (excellente cantine de raviolis de l'est de la Chine aux pieds de l'immeuble à des prix imbattables) , à dix minutes à pied du canal Saint Martin pour y flâner en y dinant dans l'un de ses nombreux restaurants ou à se détendre autour d'un verre, voire pour y faire du shopping avec une multitudes de boutiques.  A quinze minutes à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont…A deux arrêts  de métro des cinémas Quai de Loire/Quai de Seine...A quinze minutes à pieds de République épicentre de l'Est parisien…A proximité directe de nombreux comme	Charmant appartement au coeur de Belleville! Soyez les bienvenus! Agréable appartement de 30m2 donnant sur cour intérieure, lumineux, avec sa chambre séparée au quatrième étage d’un quartier typique et prisé de Paris. Idéal pour deux personnes ou 3. Amis, couple avec ou sans enfant, amant(e)s soyez les bienvenus! Vous pourrez ainsi profiter de la capitale et de la vie parisienne avec une grande facilité et proximité : en plein coeur de Belleville vous pourrez y profiter de son marché, de ses restaurants ou cantines asiatiques (excellente cantine de raviolis de l'est de la Chine aux pieds de l'immeuble à des prix imbattables) , à dix minutes à pied du canal Saint Martin pour y flâner en y dinant dans l'un de ses nombreux restaurants ou à se détendre autour d'un verre, voire pour y faire du shopping avec une multitudes de boutiques.  A quinze minutes à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont…A deux arrêts  de métro des cinémas Quai de Loire/Quai de Seine...A quinze minutes à pieds de République
3882	Apartment very simple sunny and pleasant. Metro stop is Laumière, line 5. 5 minutes walk, then fifteen minutes from central Paris. Ideally, located near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, the Seine and Loire, with its 14 movie theaters, near the Canal St Martin, the Grande Halle de la Villette, the Zénith, the Geode. Beltway exit Porte de Pantin. This rental is for 4 people on the basis of 780 € for 7 nights. An additional extra bed is possible, add 15 € per night per additional person + 30 € cleaning. Lift, balcony / terrace (with small electric grill), kitchen, shower room, wc. A room with a double bed, another bed for two persons in a part of the living room . + An extra bed for one extra person on a mattress (15 € / night) No large dining table, but a small table for 4 or 5 on the balcony, the kitchen table for three and a small round table in the living room for 4 or 5. Linen included  for four people, hairdryer, ironing board, wifi, high speed Internet fiber optic (PC locally), TV, pi	Très ensoleillé, à 500m du parc des Buttes Chaumont. Apartment very simple sunny and pleasant. Metro stop is Laumière, line 5. 5 minutes walk, then fifteen minutes from central Paris. Ideally, located near the Parc des Buttes Chaumont, the Seine and Loire, with its 14 movie theaters, near the Canal St Martin, the Grande Halle de la Villette, the Zénith, the Geode. Beltway exit Porte de Pantin. This rental is for 4 people on the basis of 780 € for 7 nights. An additional extra bed is possible, add 15 € per night per additional person + 30 € cleaning. Lift, balcony / terrace (with small electric grill), kitchen, shower room, wc. A room with a double bed, another bed for two persons in a part of the living room . + An extra bed for one extra person on a mattress (15 € / night) No large dining table, but a small table for 4 or 5 on the balcony, the kitchen table for three and a small round table in the living room for 4 or 5. Linen included  for four people, hairdryer, ironing board, wifi,
3883		Métro Crimée, 1 minute des bords de l'Ourcq. Quartier vivant et sympa. Bel appartement douillet donnant sur une cour privative avec Parking. Belle chambre avec SDB privative. lave vaisselle, lave- linge et sèche-linge. Wifi, cuisine équipée.
3884	Notre bel appartement occupe le dernier et sixième étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble Art Déco du 19ème arrondissement. Depuis le balcon panoramique, vue dégagée à gauche sur le Sacré Coeur, à droite sur les Buttes-Chaumont à 100 mètres, et en face sur... un collège ! Welcome to our beautiful apartment, on the sixth and last floor (no lift !) of an Art Deco building. From our panoramix balcony, enjoy the view on the Sacré Coeur on the left, on the Buttes-Chaumont Park on the right, on ... a high school in front !	Notre bel appartement occupe le dernier et sixième étage (sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble Art Déco du 19ème arrondissement. Depuis le balcon panoramique, vue dégagée à gauche sur le Sacré Coeur, à droite sur les Buttes-Chaumont à 100 mètres, et en face sur... un collège ! Welcome to our beautiful apartment, on the sixth and last floor (no lift !) of an Art Deco building. From our panoramix balcony, enjoy the view on the Sacré Coeur on the left, on the Buttes-Chaumont Park on the right, on ... a high school in front ! Les voyageurs occuperont notre chambre, avec un lit deux places. Accès libre à notre cuisine et notre salle de bains. Nous dormirons dans le salon. Guests will stay in our room, in a double bed, we'll sleep in the living-room. Free access to our kitchen and bathroom. Joli quartier sur les hauteurs de Paris, dans le nord-est de la ville, autour du parc des Buttes-Chaumont, le plus beau de Paris ! Proche du Canal, de Belleville, de La Villette, de Jaurès et Stalingrad. Et 
3885		Hej Paris Lovers, this room is the perfect spot in order to enjoy the calm
3886	Vue Montmartre ! Terrasse ! Proche de tout !  Décoration industrielle	Superbe appartement type Deco loft et industriel  Résidence sécurisée et quartier familiale ! Vue Montmartre ! Proches tout quartier ! Vue Montmartre ! Terrasse ! Proche de tout !  Décoration industrielle Si besoin de conseils je suis la ! Tous les commerces à proximité, petits cafés pour le petit déj :) 10 min galerie lafayette, Opéra, accessibilité des tous les métro de Paris ! Canal de l'ourq, et parc de la Villette, cités des science et géode a 2 pas ! Ligne 2/5/7 :)  Tout est à côté très pratique ! Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord, aéroport Charles de Gaule !
3887		Une chambre avec un grand lit, un salon, cuisine américaine entièrement équipée, une salle de bains avec machine à laver et un piano!  À proximité du métro, commerces, ballade le long du canal de l'Ourcq, visite du Philharmonie, cité des Sciences...
3888	Chambre de 17m2 au 5è étage dans une grande colocation indépendante. Proche des Buttes Chaumont et du Parc de Belleville. Partie de l'appartement très lumineuse. Les fenêtres donnent sur un petit balcon qui fait le tour de l'immeuble avec vue sur la tour eiffel.	Chambre de 17m2 au 5è étage dans une grande colocation indépendante. Proche des Buttes Chaumont et du Parc de Belleville. Partie de l'appartement très lumineuse. Les fenêtres donnent sur un petit balcon qui fait le tour de l'immeuble avec vue sur la tour eiffel.
3889	Terrasse à Paris sur jardins	Deux pièces moderne dans résidence sécurisée avec gardien. Accès aux transports en commun (métro et bus). Grande salle de bain, chambre séparée. 2 télévisions et wifi. Terrasse à Paris sur jardins Wifi, télévision, internet Non Le calme, l'accès rapide à tous les quartiers de Paris par les transports Metro, bus, taxis.
3890	Modern and quiet 2-room apartment with a beautiful view on Paris (8th & last floor, with elevator).  The Parc des Buttes Chaumont is at 600 feet. Near “le Canal St Martin”, a very trendy and animated area (10 min walking from the apartment)	Bright & quiet apartment with lounge, kitchen, bathroom and one bedroom, near Buttes Chaumont, Paris centre. Amazing view on Paris & the Eiffel Tower. 37m2/400ft2 . Bars, cafés & restaurants nearby. Subway: 2 & 7bis (4min), 5 (8min) Modern and quiet 2-room apartment with a beautiful view on Paris (8th & last floor, with elevator).  The Parc des Buttes Chaumont is at 600 feet. Near “le Canal St Martin”, a very trendy and animated area (10 min walking from the apartment) Wifi, TV, washing machine, fully equipped kitchen... Feel free to reach out by email or by phone if you have any questions! Métro : 2 et 7bis (4 min), 5 (8 min) Vélib et Autolib à 200m de l'immeuble.
3891	Really spacious, very sunny and comfortable, the apartment is viewing the great parisian park, Les Buttes Chaumont. The area is safe and nice, a mix of family and trendy atmosphere, 15 mn from Châtelet and 15 mn from Montmatre.  Ideal for two couples, with children or friends.  It can welcome  8 people and 6 adults maximum.	"Loft spirit, huge space, rare view on the great Buttes Chaumont's park, comfort for this fully renovated spacious flat (150M2). 3 big bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, triple living room. Montmartre and the center of Paris at 15'. ""The coolest area of Paris "". Really spacious, very sunny and comfortable, the apartment is viewing the great parisian park, Les Buttes Chaumont. The area is safe and nice, a mix of family and trendy atmosphere, 15 mn from Châtelet and 15 mn from Montmatre.  Ideal for two couples, with children or friends.  It can welcome  8 people and 6 adults maximum. A whole equiped open kitchen, a huge living-room, a wifi access in all rooms, 3 comfortable bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, TV, music equipment…  We are happy to give informations and good tips concerning our living area and Paris globally. (addresses, places to visit, good food, good exhibitions, cycling tours, etc.)  Buttes Chamont - Belleville - Bassin de la Villette - Canal Saint Martin ""This is the coolest area of Paris"", ac"
3892		Very cosy studio next to Parc des Buttes-Chaumont. In this neighbourhood you'll find excellent restaurant, cafes and bars that allow you to fully explore 'la vie parisienne'. Moreover, you can easily reach major tourist landmarks by metro and bus. You will find excellent restaurants, cafes and bars. Within a 30 sec walk you'll be able to reach Parc des Buttes Chaumont - one of the nicest parks in Paris - where you can go for nice walks and relax in the sun. Pyrénées, Buttes Chaumont and Belleville are all within 5 min reach by foot.
3893	3 story villa 3 bedroom: 2 double beds, 1 single bed, 1 single mattress and 1 crib available upon request. 2 bathroom private garden  private, large balcony private interior court with large, extendable dining table folding chairs, loungers and tables available for outdoor spaces fully furnished, spacious kitchen dining table upstairs and small dining area in kitchen gas stove and oven microwave nepresso machine dishwasher washing machine + drying rack cable TV, wifi feel free to borrow books and films from our personal library unique artwork throughout house house stays cool during summer weekly cleaning / ironing service included!	Spacious unique 3 bed, 2 bath villa located in peaceful Mouzaia quarter. Private garden, dining court, large balcony. Less than 5 min from prettiest and biggest park in Paris: Buttes Chaumont. Marais and Montmartre are both less than 15 min away!  3 story villa 3 bedroom: 2 double beds, 1 single bed, 1 single mattress and 1 crib available upon request. 2 bathroom private garden  private, large balcony private interior court with large, extendable dining table folding chairs, loungers and tables available for outdoor spaces fully furnished, spacious kitchen dining table upstairs and small dining area in kitchen gas stove and oven microwave nepresso machine dishwasher washing machine + drying rack cable TV, wifi feel free to borrow books and films from our personal library unique artwork throughout house house stays cool during summer weekly cleaning / ironing service included! make yourself at home!  extra blankets, pillows, sheets, towels, kitchenware, dining ware, full pantry. feel fr
3894	In the first bedroom there is a comfortable queen size bed. If you are 4 it's possible to put a second queen size bed on the living room.   There is also :  Washing Machine, fully equipped kitche, fast wireless internet, stereo with MP3 jack and a lot of Arts books on the bookcase.	A huge (50 square meter) and charming double room in the emblematic quarter of parisian bohème. The flat is on the fifth floor in a quiet street, plenty of natural light with an open outlook. Parquet floor, hood piece of furnitur.
3895	Je vous propose de louer ma chambre dans une collocation de 46 m2. L'appartement se situe dans le 19 arrondissement, à proximité du métro Porte des Lilas, soit à une quinzaine de minutes de châtelet.  Il y a une seule colocataire dans cet appartement et pas de salon. Internet, four et machine à laver Salle de bain (baignoire) et WC séparés  Cuisine indépendante. 1er étage avec ascenseur P roche de toutes commodités : commerces, transports (Métros 11, 3bis, 7bis, Tramway 3) Attention, nous avons deux chats dans cet appartement; il est donc nécessaire d'aimer les animaux pour louer cette chambre.	46 m2 a partager avec une colocataire et deux chats  Chambre privée avec vue sur jardin (très calme)  Tout équipé et tout compris Je vous propose de louer ma chambre dans une collocation de 46 m2. L'appartement se situe dans le 19 arrondissement, à proximité du métro Porte des Lilas, soit à une quinzaine de minutes de châtelet.  Il y a une seule colocataire dans cet appartement et pas de salon. Internet, four et machine à laver Salle de bain (baignoire) et WC séparés  Cuisine indépendante. 1er étage avec ascenseur P roche de toutes commodités : commerces, transports (Métros 11, 3bis, 7bis, Tramway 3) Attention, nous avons deux chats dans cet appartement; il est donc nécessaire d'aimer les animaux pour louer cette chambre.
3896	Possibilité de la chambre de mon appartement F2 à 100m de l'arrêt de métro Porte de Pantin. Le quartier est très sympa avec tous les commerces possibles, différents types de restaurants (libanais, italien, africain, asiatique, japonais...) et services comme une laverie, pharmacie... L'appartement est constitué : - d'un salon-cuisine tout équipé (avec possibilité de transformer le canapé en lit double) - d'une chambre double avec une moitié de la penderie utilisable pour vos affaires, les miroirs de la chambre donnent de l'espace à la pièce. - d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et WC. Il donne sur une cour intérieur ce qui à l'avantage d'être au calme. A votre disposition en libre accès, un grand IMac 24', connexion WIFI, Grand écran télé LED, sèche-cheveux, blender-centrifugeuse, four micro-ondes Whirlpool avec fonction Crisp, grille-pain, machine à café Senséo, frigo-congélateur, bouilloire électrique, 2 ventilateurs, une lampe de luminothérapie pour vos réveils, téléphone gratui	Possibilité de la chambre de mon appartement F2 à 100m de l'arrêt de métro Porte de Pantin. Le quartier est très sympa avec tous les commerces possibles, différents types de restaurants (libanais, italien, africain, asiatique, japonais...) et services comme une laverie, pharmacie... L'appartement est constitué : - d'un salon-cuisine tout équipé (avec possibilité de transformer le canapé en lit double) - d'une chambre double avec une moitié de la penderie utilisable pour vos affaires, les miroirs de la chambre donnent de l'espace à la pièce. - d'une salle de bain avec douche, lavabo et WC. Il donne sur une cour intérieur ce qui à l'avantage d'être au calme. A votre disposition en libre accès, un grand IMac 24', connexion WIFI, Grand écran télé LED, sèche-cheveux, blender-centrifugeuse, four micro-ondes Whirlpool avec fonction Crisp, grille-pain, machine à café Senséo, frigo-congélateur, bouilloire électrique, 2 ventilateurs, une lampe de luminothérapie pour vos réveils, téléphone gratui
3897	L'appartement de 55m2 est très bien aménagé: cuisine équipée ouverte sur coin salle à manger et coin salon avec parquet et balcon, une salle de bain avec baignoire & un duplex qui comprend deux chambres (non communicantes). Calme et très lumineux.	Light bedroom in a very cute duplex apartment: there are a open kitchen, a living-room (with parquet floor + balcony) and a bathroom. In the bedroom: a big bed for two people, a desk, a chest of drawers and a flowered balcony.
3898	Standing et grande luminosité proche canal de l'ourcq, parc de la Villette et Buttes de Chaumont.  Parc de la Villette, buttes de Chaumont, Canal de l'ourcq .... Velib/autolib/métro ... Boutique et commerce avenue de Flandre ... Je conseille avec plaisir et encourage a la découverte de la ville. J'aime ma vue sur les toits de Paris et me balader au bord du canal jusqu'au parc de la Villette . Ligne 5 et 7 Les invités dormiront dans le salon dans un canapé d'angle convertible, douillet et confortable ;)	Un appartement au cœur de Paris dans un charmant 2 pièces tout confort et standing. Pour les passionnés de découvertes touristiques et culturelles l'hôte vous propose un programme en guise de conseil, s'adaptant à vos envies.  Standing et grande luminosité proche canal de l'ourcq, parc de la Villette et Buttes de Chaumont.  Parc de la Villette, buttes de Chaumont, Canal de l'ourcq .... Velib/autolib/métro ... Boutique et commerce avenue de Flandre ... Je conseille avec plaisir et encourage a la découverte de la ville. J'aime ma vue sur les toits de Paris et me balader au bord du canal jusqu'au parc de la Villette . Ligne 5 et 7 Les invités dormiront dans le salon dans un canapé d'angle convertible, douillet et confortable ;) Parc de la Villette, buttes de Chaumont, Canal de l'ourcq .... Velib/autolib/métro ... Boutique et commerce avenue de Flandre ... Je conseille avec plaisir et encourage a la découverte de la ville. J'aime ma vue sur les toits de Paris et me balader au bord du canal
3899		En raison d'un voyage, je loue ma chambre 1 mois dans une colocation très agréable à 2min du métro place des fêtes. Idéalement située près du village Jourdain, du quartier de Belleville et à 10min à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont.
