10800	Je peux vous laisser les clefs de l'antivol de mon vélo. (qui sera rangé à la cave ou dans la cour). Bonito piso típico parisino (sexto piso sin ascensor).  ¡Se puede usar mi bici! gratis para llamar a fijos europeos desde mi fijo.	"Joli appart 2 pièces style parisien (parquet, cheminées) très agréable. Au 6ème sans ascenseur. Double-vitrage. WC et SDB séparés. Coin cuisine à part. Les amis qui viennent s'y sentent bien! Parc Brassens très proche, pour une pause verdure! Je peux vous laisser les clefs de l'antivol de mon vélo. (qui sera rangé à la cave ou dans la cour). Bonito piso típico parisino (sexto piso sin ascensor).  ¡Se puede usar mi bici! gratis para llamar a fijos europeos desde mi fijo. L'appartement est pour vous (chambre/ salon/ coin cuisine). Je serai en vacances mais joignable par tél. Amis ou voisins sur place pour faire le lien.  Amigos y vecinos podrán dejarte la llave y recibirte. Quartier de Georges Brassens très sympa. Proche des quartiers Pernety, Convention, Porte de Versailles, Montparnasse. Commerces, boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble. Tramway 3 (arrêt ""Brancion"") à une minute. Ligne 13 de métro arrêt ""Porte de Vanves"" à 3 minutes. Bus 95 ou 89 à 2 minutes. muy cerca del tranvía 3, de la "
10801		"You'll find many type of public transport nearby the apartment : - The metro station ""convention"" on line 12, - You're 5mn walking from the tramway, - Bus lines 62, 39 and 80, - And a vélib' station !"
10802	Beautiful clear type Haussmann 2 rooms renovated on raised ground floor apartment, offering a beautiful contemporary design and equipped with every comfort, for 2 persons: -a Kitchen with oven, hob, microwave, kettle, toaster, hot drinks machine, refrigerator and  with groceries provided (oil, salt, pepper, sugar ...). A bedroom with a double bed and plenty of storage space and a wardrobe. -A Bathroom with W.C. -a Lounge / dining room with TV -A Washing machine, hair dryers, irons, shower gels and linen (sheets and towels) are available.	Welcome home! Apartment redone, very nice, ideal for a couple. Good starting point to visit Paris, near Eiffel Tower and Centre. Well connected 80m from the metro, all amenities, residential and commercial area. Enjoy your stay! Beautiful clear type Haussmann 2 rooms renovated on raised ground floor apartment, offering a beautiful contemporary design and equipped with every comfort, for 2 persons: -a Kitchen with oven, hob, microwave, kettle, toaster, hot drinks machine, refrigerator and  with groceries provided (oil, salt, pepper, sugar ...). A bedroom with a double bed and plenty of storage space and a wardrobe. -A Bathroom with W.C. -a Lounge / dining room with TV -A Washing machine, hair dryers, irons, shower gels and linen (sheets and towels) are available. For you alone. Answer on the day Life is good in in Boucicaut! Both a quiet, residential area and animated by its many shops such as (bakeries / supermarkets / restaurants & pubs / Dry / bank / pharmacy / grocery / tobacco ...)
10803	"Paris 15th arrondissement Tour Eiffel On the edge of the 7th and 15th arrondissements, one of the most elegant areas of Paris, this luxurious and new apartment is located in a high standing building ""Le Village Suffren"", 50 metres away from the metro station, within a 3 minute walking distance from Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. You will be in the neighbourhood of the Rodin museum as well as Les Invalides. It is very conveniently and centrally situated, just 4 stops (10 mins) to St Germain des Près, the Notre Dame, the Sorbonne in the Latin district and Luxembourg gardens. It is a safe and quiet neighbourhood yet near numerous shops and stores, restaurants and supermarkets. Enjoy the nearby open market at avenue de Breteuil, every Thursdays and Saturdays.  This 70 square meters rental apartment is at the 4th French floor via elevator. It consist of a large salon with a super equipped open American kictchen, a large bedroom, a luxury bathroom.  The salon has a sitting area where y"	Tour Eiffel, 70 (website hidden). one bedroom and a large living room with an open kitchen. 
10804	Make yourself at home in this typical student apartment of the 15th arondissement in Paris ! The apartment is in good shape and includes all facilites : fully-equipped kitchen , bathroom, internet, wasing machine. It is 20m² big, but looks larger thanks to the mezzanine bed. There is also a 2-person sofa-bed. With 3 windows and a nice view, it has a lot of light. There is a typical parisian market right in front of the building every Wednesdays and Sundays. Beware : the studio is located at the 7th floor, without a lift. A great way to stay in shape during your holidays !	Comfortable and well-situated apartment in the centre of Paris. Make yourself at home in this typical student apartment of the 15th arondissement in Paris ! The apartment is in good shape and includes all facilites : fully-equipped kitchen , bathroom, internet, wasing machine. It is 20m² big, but looks larger thanks to the mezzanine bed. There is also a 2-person sofa-bed. With 3 windows and a nice view, it has a lot of light. There is a typical parisian market right in front of the building every Wednesdays and Sundays. Beware : the studio is located at the 7th floor, without a lift. A great way to stay in shape during your holidays ! The situation is really nice, just 10 min walking from the Eiffel tower. It is located in a residential neighborhood, yet there are plenty of restaurants and some cafés around. The building is right in front of Dupleix subway station (line 6), and five minutes walking from La Motte Picquet Grenelle (lines 6, 10 and 8). Do not hesitate to ask about some lo
10805	L'appartement fait 31m2. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec toilette, d'un salon avec petite cuisine (frigo + plaques) et d'une chambre. Vous disposez également sur place d'une B-Box avec télé et internet. Il y a également dans le salon un canapé lit très confortable que j'ai disposé en méridienne	Mon appartement est idéalement situé, au pied de plusieurs lignes de métro (lignes 6, 8 et 10). Parfait pour de belles ballades également, il est tout près de la Tour Eiffel, avec de nombreux commerces et de parcs à proximité. Bienvenue chez vous ! L'appartement fait 31m2. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec toilette, d'un salon avec petite cuisine (frigo + plaques) et d'une chambre. Vous disposez également sur place d'une B-Box avec télé et internet. Il y a également dans le salon un canapé lit très confortable que j'ai disposé en méridienne Le quartier est idéal ! Les nuits sont calmes mais dès que vous mettez le pied dehors, vous avez de nombreux commerces (Monoprix, Carrefour City, Franprix, primeurs), de boutiques (Zara, H&M, Sandro etc...), de restaurants rapide (Mc Donalds, Sushi Shop...) ou encore de bars et de restaurants ! Vous avez tout accessible à pied ! Idéal pour les transports ! L'appartement est situé au pied du métro Motte Piquet (lignes 6, 8 et 10) 
10806	"This flat is perfectly arranged for 2 persons: a large dining room with an open kitchen with a bar, a bathroom with WC, and you will love the main room with its two areas:  - the bedroom area in a mezzanine with a double bed - the ""lounge"" area, with 2 club chairs very comfortable, table, TV etc. The flat is overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny. The kitchen is well equipped: coffee maker, toaster, kettle, fridge and freezer, electric plates and microwave. Bed linens and towels included."	"Cosy, quiet and central apartment perfect for 2 persons who are coming to visit Paris!  It's a 30m2 flat, just near the metro, the Montparnasse train station and various shops. This flat is perfectly arranged for 2 persons: a large dining room with an open kitchen with a bar, a bathroom with WC, and you will love the main room with its two areas:  - the bedroom area in a mezzanine with a double bed - the ""lounge"" area, with 2 club chairs very comfortable, table, TV etc. The flat is overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and sunny. The kitchen is well equipped: coffee maker, toaster, kettle, fridge and freezer, electric plates and microwave. Bed linens and towels included. I will manage to be there for your arrival and give you all the explanations you need before and during your stay in Paris ! Just outside (4min walking), you will enjoy a lot of shops: bakeries, supermarkets, pharmacy etc. You also have a lot of restaurants, bars and stores to make some shopping. It's a very pleasant a"
10807	L’Appart’Tourisme, c'est un appartement en location meublée saisonnière situés à Paris Porte de Versailles. Un compromis entre l’appart hôtel et la chambre d’hôte qui vous offre une solution originale alliant économie et convivialité . C’est aussi un état d’esprit pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous : Convivialité, proximité et contact humain. Inclus :  guides touristiques, ordinateur avec internet illimité. Appartement en location à la Nuitée - Semaine	L’Appart’Tourisme, c'est un appartement en location meublée saisonnière situés à Paris Porte de Versailles. Un compromis entre l’appart hôtel et la chambre d’hôte qui vous offre une solution originale alliant économie et convivialité . C’est aussi un état d’esprit pour que vous vous sentiez chez vous : Convivialité, proximité et contact humain. Inclus :  guides touristiques, ordinateur avec internet illimité. Appartement en location à la Nuitée - Semaine
10808	L'appartement fait 23m2, au premier étage avec ascenseur, situé a 5 minutes à pied du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles. La pièce principale est composée d'un salon avec un lit en mezzanine. La cuisine et la salle de bains séparées sont bien équipées. L'appartement est très lumineux et très calme.	L'appartement fait 23m2, au premier étage avec ascenseur, situé a 5 minutes à pied du parc des expositions de Porte de Versailles. La pièce principale est composée d'un salon avec un lit en mezzanine. La cuisine et la salle de bains séparées sont bien équipées. L'appartement est très lumineux et très calme. Les voyageurs ont accès à la totalité de l'appartement. Je serais ravie de vous donner quelques conseils pour votre séjour. Mon appartement est a proximité du parc des expositions, idéal si vous êtes exposants ou que vous souhaitez vous y rendre. Il est également à quelques minutes de la rue de vaugirard, plus grande rue de Paris, où vous pourrez trouver des bars ainsi que des restaurants très sympathiques au niveau des conventions et quelques magasins à proximité. Un marché à convention est également à votre disposition le mardi et le jeudi de 7h00 à 14h30 et le dimanche de 7h00 à 15h00. Pour vous nourrir, un franprix se trouve juste en face de l'immeuble, ainsi qu'un monorpix et u
10809	Appartment with 4 persons capacity  George Brassens park, a stone's throw from the lively Convention district, the appartment in no far to Parc des Expositions 15e	"Apartment for 4 persons Living room : 1 bouble bed by default Bedroom : 2 separated beds, or 1 double to be define before coming Whole apartment for your trip in paris.  Only 5minutes to Paris Metro (subway) access (Porte de Vanves). Appartment with 4 persons capacity  George Brassens park, a stone's throw from the lively Convention district, the appartment in no far to Parc des Expositions 15e Whole apartment access equiped kitchen Italian shower in teck Free Wifi TV/Internet (Free Netflix included) Wash and dry Needed for cooking Bed linen, and wipes included Hair dryer included Proximity keys available to check in at anytime Ideally located for the Palais des sports, Parc des Expositions - porte de Versailles, and just a couple of minutes from Montparnasse station, the Champs-Elysées, the Grand Palais, the St Lazare-Opéra district and the Parisian ""temple of shopping"" (Bld Haussmann). GPS (phone number hidden) EXPOSITION PARK at 2 kms Metro line 13 (Porte de Vanves) Tram line 3 (Bra"
10810	Un logement unique à seulement 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et proche de tous commerces. Grâce à un petit balcon, vous pourrez profiter d'un repas en extérieur ou bien d'un petit moment de détente au grand air. D'une surface de 33m², il vous offrira un confort inédit de plus en plus rare au sein de la capitale.	Venez découvrir Paris en profitant d'un studio de charme avec balcon de 33m². Il peut accueillir 3 personnes et possède une cuisine équipée. Situé dans le 15ème arrondissement dans Paris à 2minutes de la station de métro et de tramway Porte de Versailles.  Un logement unique à seulement 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et proche de tous commerces. Grâce à un petit balcon, vous pourrez profiter d'un repas en extérieur ou bien d'un petit moment de détente au grand air. D'une surface de 33m², il vous offrira un confort inédit de plus en plus rare au sein de la capitale. Les voyageurs pourront profiter d'internet et de tous les équipements du studio à savoir : machine à laver, plaques de cuisson, frigidaire, four/micro ondes, machine à café, grille pain, théière, ... Quartier agréable au sud du 15ème arrondissement. Nombreux commerces à proximité et bien desservi par les transports. Tramway, bus et métro à seulement 2minutes du (website hidden) disponible avec de nombreuses chaînes en HD. Wi f
10811	Our cosy flat is ideally located close to main sites: Eiffel Tower - 10 min bicycle ride, St Germain & Luxembourg - few bus stops away. Walking distance to metro lines 12+13. The flat is bright, 45 sq metres, all amenities available. Lively area - market, park, cinema & restaurants. A cosy flat in a vibrant neighbourhood, with direct access to the parisian vibe. Located on the 4th floor, with no obstructing view the flat will let you enjoy beautiful urban sunsets just in time for your apéritif. With the bedroom on courtyard side, nights are peacefully aloof from the hustle of the city... Attractions are plenty in the vicinity: the Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars of course, but also more local / hidden gems such as the newly opened park on the old railway track... Sunday market, local bistrots, weekly book fair, museums... You will find here the charm of Rive Gauche with a local feel! Our guests will enjoy full use of the flat. No restrictions apply. On request, we could also provide a 	Welcome to Paris! Our cosy flat is ideally located close to main sites: Eiffel Tower - 5 min bicycle ride, St Germain & Luxembourg - few bus stops away. Walking distance to metro lines 12+13. The flat is bright, 45 sq metres, all amenities available. Lively area - market, park, cinema & restaurants. Our cosy flat is ideally located close to main sites: Eiffel Tower - 10 min bicycle ride, St Germain & Luxembourg - few bus stops away. Walking distance to metro lines 12+13. The flat is bright, 45 sq metres, all amenities available. Lively area - market, park, cinema & restaurants. A cosy flat in a vibrant neighbourhood, with direct access to the parisian vibe. Located on the 4th floor, with no obstructing view the flat will let you enjoy beautiful urban sunsets just in time for your apéritif. With the bedroom on courtyard side, nights are peacefully aloof from the hustle of the city... Attractions are plenty in the vicinity: the Eiffel tower and Champs de Mars of course, but also more loc
10812	Charming one-bedroom apartment - 36m2 - including a living room, a equiped kitchen, a bathroom, a separate toilet, a bedroom (one double-bed). Well located apartment, close to bakeries, shops, breweries... Apartment typically Parisian : Haussmannien building, molding ceiling, wood floor.	Charming one-bedroom flat, typically Parisian.  Well equiped apartment (washing machine, TV, Internet, Nespresso machine) and very well located (close to Convention place and Parc des Expositions). A lively neighborhood: bakeries, cinema, brewery... Charming one-bedroom apartment - 36m2 - including a living room, a equiped kitchen, a bathroom, a separate toilet, a bedroom (one double-bed). Well located apartment, close to bakeries, shops, breweries... Apartment typically Parisian : Haussmannien building, molding ceiling, wood floor. Well equipped apartment : - Washing machine - TV - Internet - Nespresso machine + coffee capsule I will be there to give you the keys and to get it back at the end of your stay. Lively neighborhood : many shops, cinema, restaurants, bakeries...   Close to : Parc des Expositions (Porte de Versailles) 7 min by foot - 15 min with subway to the Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower) - 10 min with subway to the Invalides - 25 min with subway to the Trocadéro  Subway : li
10813	Charming appartement well decorated ( ancient furnitures) in the south of Paris ( Metro line 8 , station Lourmel). 47 m² on the third floor (without lift). One bedroom and a double living room with a couch. Sleeping capacity: 2 couples. Bathroom and small kitchen. All necessary shops in the area. Charmant appartement meublé à l'ancienne, dans un quartier commerçant ( Métro Lourmel, ligne 8), 3 ème étage sans ascenseur. Une chambre et un double living avec un canapé lit. Salle de bains et petite cuisine. Idéal pour deux couples maximum.	Charming appartement ( ancient furnitures) in the south of Paris ( Metro line 8 , station Lourmel). 47 m² on the third floor ( without lift), one bedroom and a double living room. Sleeping capacity: 2 coup Charmant appartement composé d'une chambre
10814	A Large 1 Room Apartment near the Eiffel Tower in the best area. ICONIC LOCATION literally at the feet of la Tour Eiffel: Ideal to visit Paris by walk.  You are located centrally in the nicest district of Paris, a very safe area. This is a perfect location to visit the main Paris' touristic places by walk or metro. Beds for 5 people (maximum 5). Sleeps 5. Large enough for 4/5 guests: Surface 37 Square Meters. 37 m2 = 400 Ft2 on floor. A PARKING space available: €18/Day. No need of booking in advance. Price per Night all included vary according to the period of stay. 2 Elevators. Apartment very clean, very bright, very quiet, very secure. Free Wi-Fi. High speed Internet. All Linen provided (Beds and Bath up to 5 people). The apartment has just been renovated and all electrical devices are brand new! The interior of the building has been renovated in 2014. The apartment is exactly as shown on my pictures: It is not originally a studio but an apartment where some walls have been removed t	1 room Apartment, Beds for 4 to 5 people, EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION literally at the feet of the Eiffel Tower, in the best area of Paris, located on the frontier of Arrondissement 7 & 15. Surface: 37 m2 = 400 Ft2  Large, Clean, Quiet, Bright, Secure. A Large 1 Room Apartment near the Eiffel Tower in the best area. ICONIC LOCATION literally at the feet of la Tour Eiffel: Ideal to visit Paris by walk.  You are located centrally in the nicest district of Paris, a very safe area. This is a perfect location to visit the main Paris' touristic places by walk or metro. Beds for 5 people (maximum 5). Sleeps 5. Large enough for 4/5 guests: Surface 37 Square Meters. 37 m2 = 400 Ft2 on floor. A PARKING space available: €18/Day. No need of booking in advance. Price per Night all included vary according to the period of stay. 2 Elevators. Apartment very clean, very bright, very quiet, very secure. Free Wi-Fi. High speed Internet. All Linen provided (Beds and Bath up to 5 people). The apartment has just b
10815	Quiet and central Paris, you can enjoy quickly every kind of activity of the city. If you really want to live parisian life, you're at the good place! Wednesday morning and sunday morning, you'll enjoy the fresh and local products of the market, you can be very well situated to come back from 14th of July's fireworks in front of the Eiffel tower (to celebrate National Day)... The appartment is at the 7th floor without lift but I can help you with your luggage of course.	Charmful, typical parisian and authentic little appartment, quiet and secure, in a warmful and familial quarter of Paris, close to metro stations, velib and Eiffel tower, for one or two people maximum. Quiet and central Paris, you can enjoy quickly every kind of activity of the city. If you really want to live parisian life, you're at the good place! Wednesday morning and sunday morning, you'll enjoy the fresh and local products of the market, you can be very well situated to come back from 14th of July's fireworks in front of the Eiffel tower (to celebrate National Day)... The appartment is at the 7th floor without lift but I can help you with your luggage of course. My appartment is yours. I'll let my stuffbut I'll make space for yours. I can welcome you, help you to carry your luggage in the stairs (7th floor without lift is high), give you lots of advices, share activities if you want to, show you around, you'll surely enjoy your stay! During the summer, I'll let the appartment as 
10816		Proche de la Tour Eiffel, au pied du métro Charles Michels Ligne 10 et du Centre Commercial Beaugrenelle, à proximité de la Seine et de ses jardins, quartier animé avec de nombreuses boutiques, cinéma et restaurants de toutes nationalités.
10817	appartement au 2ème étage, lumineux avec terrasse de 30 m².  L'appartement est entièrement équipé et très agréable à vivre. Idéal pour un couple/famille en vacances ou pour un voyage d'affaires.	Bel appartement spacieux de 50m² dans le 15ème arrondissement (Parc George Brassens) avec une terrasse de 30 m². appartement au 2ème étage, lumineux avec terrasse de 30 m².  L'appartement est entièrement équipé et très agréable à vivre. Idéal pour un couple/famille en vacances ou pour un voyage d'affaires. Appartement 2 pièces avec terrasse et balcon. Ascenseur. 7e et dernier étage. Pendant votre séjour chez moi, je serais soit en vacances, soit chez mes amis près de Paris ou en déplacement professionnel. Je serais moi même sur place pour vous accueillir (sinon un ami me représentera) et je serai joignable à tout moment par téléphone. Mon quartier est calme et agréable à vivre. L'appartement se situe à 1 minute du parc George Brassens et de son marché des livres anciens, ses cafés, bars, restaurants et marchés. La rue est très calme, sans passage. A 5mn on se retrouve à la rue de la Convention ou bien la rue Vaugirard. Bien situé pour Saint Germain des Prés et la Tour Eiffel, Montparna
10818	équipée machine à laver-internet-wi-fi-cable	Quartier calme proche de toutes commodités. Entre quartier convention et porte de Versailles-Proximité transports (tram, bus, métro)- sans vis-à-vis. moderne-propre-mignon. Belle sbd optimsée-cuisine équipée-TV écran plat mural-armoire-shoes-bureau équipée machine à laver-internet-wi-fi-cable disponibilité si besoin pour aide ou autres à Paris quartier propre-Calme et agréable-proche du quartier Montparnasse nombreux bus-métro 12 et 8-tram T3 minimum 4 nuits réservation
10819		Studio refait à neuf clair et calme, situé à 2 min du metro et de Paris EXPO Porte de versailles.
10820		Charmant 3 pièces de 53m² tout équipé.  Proche tous commerces, restaurants, C. commercial Beaugrenelle et Parcs. Métro Boucicaut, Charles Michel et Javel (RER C) Beautiful flat in nice neighborhood, fully equipped. Close to shops & restaurants.
10821		"This is a typical ""chambre de Bonne"" in Paris, long time ago was the room of the servants. I lñike"
10822	Cet appartement est situé dans le très charmant 15ème arrondissement, à deux pas du parc Georges Brassens et son marché aux livres anciens,  à 20 minutes de la Tour Eiffel , 15 minutes de la Tour Montparnasse à pieds, à 10 minutes à pieds du Parc des Expositions - Porte de Versailles.   L'appartement, en plein cœur de la ville est très calme, il donne sur une cour arborée et lumineuse. Il est composé d'un lit deux places et d'un couchage une place.   L'appartement est entouré de bars, bistrots parisien, supermarchés et pleins de commerces très sympas, je laisse toujours un petit plan et les meilleures adresses du quartier. Petit plus, un marché se déroule les mardis, jeudis et dimanches matins à deux rues, avis aux cuisiniers ! The apartment is located in the lovely 15th district of Paris. A typical parisian, friendly and very safe neibourghood. 3 blocks from Georges Brassens Park and its antique books market, 20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, 15 minutes walk to Montparnasse train statio	The apartment is located in the lovely 15th district of Paris. A typical parisian, friendly and very safe neibourghood. In the center of Paris, it is a very peacefull and quiet place with a sunny view on a little courtyard garden. Cet appartement est situé dans le très charmant 15ème arrondissement, à deux pas du parc Georges Brassens et son marché aux livres anciens,  à 20 minutes de la Tour Eiffel , 15 minutes de la Tour Montparnasse à pieds, à 10 minutes à pieds du Parc des Expositions - Porte de Versailles.   L'appartement, en plein cœur de la ville est très calme, il donne sur une cour arborée et lumineuse. Il est composé d'un lit deux places et d'un couchage une place.   L'appartement est entouré de bars, bistrots parisien, supermarchés et pleins de commerces très sympas, je laisse toujours un petit plan et les meilleures adresses du quartier. Petit plus, un marché se déroule les mardis, jeudis et dimanches matins à deux rues, avis aux cuisiniers ! The apartment is located in the
10823	Très agréable, aménagement pratique, lumineux, ensoleillé, bien équipé. Les chambres et le salon disposent de grandes baies vitrées, ouvrant sur balcon. Parquet au sol.  Volets roulants électriques. Détecteurs incendies. (pas besoin de détecteur de monoxyde de carbone car pas d'alimentation en gaz dans l'appartement). Les draps de lits et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis. 1 chambre lit double 160x200 cm 1 chambre lit 2 personnes Cuisine séparée, toute équipée (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, ...) Salle de bain WC séparés Grands placards de rangement avec penderie TV HD, Internet wifi (box fibre optique) Possibilité d'ajouter un lit supplémentaire. Belle résidence avec jardin fleuri et gardien.	Bel appartement 68m2, quartier très agréable (parcs, commerces, Seine). Lumineux et ensoleillé, salon séjour sur jardin, calme. Fibre optique.  Très bien équipé et meublé. Bien desservi par les transports en communs (métro, bus, RER).             Très agréable, aménagement pratique, lumineux, ensoleillé, bien équipé. Les chambres et le salon disposent de grandes baies vitrées, ouvrant sur balcon. Parquet au sol.  Volets roulants électriques. Détecteurs incendies. (pas besoin de détecteur de monoxyde de carbone car pas d'alimentation en gaz dans l'appartement). Les draps de lits et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis. 1 chambre lit double 160x200 cm 1 chambre lit 2 personnes Cuisine séparée, toute équipée (lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes, ...) Salle de bain WC séparés Grands placards de rangement avec penderie TV HD, Internet wifi (box fibre optique) Possibilité d'ajouter un lit supplémentaire. Belle résidence avec jardin fleuri et gardien. Accès à l'ensemble du logement Qua
10824	Appartement de 2 pièces meublé et confortable pour votre séjour parisien à deux pas de la Porte de Versailles.	Splendide appartement meublé sur 2 pièces d'une surface de 30 m2 parfaitement optimisé pour le séjour de 2 ou 3 personnes avec une chambre et un canapé convertible. Idéalement situé rue Saint Charles dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Appartement de 2 pièces meublé et confortable pour votre séjour parisien à deux pas de la Porte de Versailles. Familial et chaleureux, le 15ème arrondissement reflète une atmosphère de village où il fait bon vivre avec de nombreux monuments parisiens accessibles en toute facilité : la Tour Eiffel, le Champ de Mars, le Musée des Quais Branly, le Trocadéro, le Palais de Tokyo, Ecole Militaire, les Invalides, Maison de Radio France, Parc André Citroën. Métro Balard ou Lourmel, ligne 8 et T2 ou RER C Boulevard Victor.
10825	New remodeled a charming appartement close to Beaugrenelle and Eiffel tower. the flat has 50m2 with 1 bedroom and 1 living room with a double sofa bed. The flat has been remodeled completely on May 2016. all equipments are new.  Nice décoration and comfortable localisation. the metro station ballad is 3minutes from the flat.	get a free rid from the airport from 14 nights booking ! New remodeled a charming appartement close to Beaugrenelle and Eiffel tower. the flat has 50m2 with 1 bedroom and 1 living room with a double sofa bed. The flat has been remodeled completely on May 2016. all equipments are new.  Nice décoration and comfortable localisation. the metro station ballad is 3minutes from the flat. Entire flat Check in and  check out Beaugrenelle  Eiffel tower Metro : Balard
10826	"Studio bien situé, propre et bien équipé avec de nombreux rangements. Idéal pour un déplacement professionnel (avec l'espace bureau notamment) ou pour visiter Paris. A savoir néanmoins: Le studio étant situé au rez-de-chaussée, il est possible d'entendre les allées et venues, mais le voisinage est calme.  La lumière entrant par le haut de la grande fenêtre peut gêner certains voyageurs le matin, mais je peux vous fournir un drap pour couvrir la fenêtre.  Studio at the ground floor on a quiet street close to Paris Expo Porte de Versailles (Huge famous show location) (5 minutes), and the street ""Convention"" (with bars, restaurants and a nice street market on Sundays) (5min).  The studio has a double mezzanine bed (not appropriate if you are scared of heights but charming), a tiny sofa, a small office space and a fully fitted kitchen (microwave, hotplanes, fridge, toaster, coffee machine). To be noticed: As it is on the ground floor, you could hear noises from people entering the building"	"Studio en rez-de-chaussée dans un joli immeuble typiquement parisien sur rue calme. Lit en hauteur (ne pas avoir le vertige mais expérience originale garantie). Le mobilier sur mesure donne un charme certain à la pièce principale. Petite cuisine toute équipée (micro-ondes, grille pain, plaques et machine à café). Salle de bain avec douche. Nombreux rangements, propre et fonctionnel. Studio bien situé, propre et bien équipé avec de nombreux rangements. Idéal pour un déplacement professionnel (avec l'espace bureau notamment) ou pour visiter Paris. A savoir néanmoins: Le studio étant situé au rez-de-chaussée, il est possible d'entendre les allées et venues, mais le voisinage est calme.  La lumière entrant par le haut de la grande fenêtre peut gêner certains voyageurs le matin, mais je peux vous fournir un drap pour couvrir la fenêtre.  Studio at the ground floor on a quiet street close to Paris Expo Porte de Versailles (Huge famous show location) (5 minutes), and the street ""Convention"" ("
10827	L'appartement de 36m2 est situé au 7ème et dernier étage avec ascenceur ce qui le rend particulièrement lumineux.  La terrasse de 8m2 est un véritable havre de paix, équipée d'une table, de chaises, et d'un hamac dont vous saurez certainement profiter. La chambre est équipée d'un lit double et le salon d'un canapé convertible très confortable.  Il n'y a pas de véritable cloison séparant la chambre du salon, mais des panneaux japonais coulissant sur un système de rail.	Appartement cosy et confortable à la décoration moderne, équipé (lave-linge, cuisinière à induction, four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur...). Très lumineux et agréable, il dispose d'une terrasse équipé avec vue, en plein coeur du 15è arrondissement. L'appartement de 36m2 est situé au 7ème et dernier étage avec ascenceur ce qui le rend particulièrement lumineux.  La terrasse de 8m2 est un véritable havre de paix, équipée d'une table, de chaises, et d'un hamac dont vous saurez certainement profiter. La chambre est équipée d'un lit double et le salon d'un canapé convertible très confortable.  Il n'y a pas de véritable cloison séparant la chambre du salon, mais des panneaux japonais coulissant sur un système de rail. Logement entier. Je suis à votre disposition pour faciliter votre séjour et vous donner tous les conseils dont vous auriez besoin.  Je parle anglais et me ferait donc un plaisir d'accueillir des personnes venues de tous les continents. A deux pas du parc Georges Brassens, tous co
10828	My flat is located near the Porte de Versailles subway station, at the highest floor of a very typical old parisian building with haussmannian architecture. You enter from the boulevard side and make your way through the charming quiet yard to the elevator. It is a very bright and quiet 31m² two rooms flat for two persons. You have a very wide view to several spots of Paris. You will find a large living-room with a widescreen TV, a sofa (which cannot be used as a bed), a large dining table for up to 6 persons, a Nespresso coffee machine (several Nespresso caps gracefully provided to you) and a Hi-Fi system on which you can plug your iPhone or any other device thanks to the Jack cable). You may also enjoy the free very high-speed wifi connexion (with optical fiber). You have a nice bedroom with a large bed (all linen, duvet cover and towels are included), a large wardrobe with room for your    clothes, and a desk on which you can work if necessary. The bedroom and living room windows ar	Relax in my charming nest,  very bright, fully-equipped and very close to all facilities and transportation My flat is located near the Porte de Versailles subway station, at the highest floor of a very typical old parisian building with haussmannian architecture. You enter from the boulevard side and make your way through the charming quiet yard to the elevator. It is a very bright and quiet 31m² two rooms flat for two persons. You have a very wide view to several spots of Paris. You will find a large living-room with a widescreen TV, a sofa (which cannot be used as a bed), a large dining table for up to 6 persons, a Nespresso coffee machine (several Nespresso caps gracefully provided to you) and a Hi-Fi system on which you can plug your iPhone or any other device thanks to the Jack cable). You may also enjoy the free very high-speed wifi connexion (with optical fiber). You have a nice bedroom with a large bed (all linen, duvet cover and towels are included), a large wardrobe with roo
10829	This 27m2 modern flat has full equipement and easy of access in Paris. It has a double bed and everything to have a nice stay (great cooking equipments, sofa, internet, amplifiers and tv !) The neighbourghood is very nice, with a nice park (Georges Brassens), many shops and a big market on Thurdays and Sunday monrnings. It is not really a party area but rather a familly one, to sleep well and get ready for a day of visit in the city. Transport lines are quite good here as you can take the line 12 to get to touristic areas very easily. You have direct acess to : Montparnasse - train station for the Palace of Versailles (15'), Concorde (20'), Madeleine (21'), Saint Lazare - train station for Rouen.. (25'), Pigalle (30'), Abbesses - Montmartre (35') With one change : with the line 4 - Saint Michel, with the 6 - Eiffel Tower, Invalides, with the 1 - le Louvre (change at Concorde) ... You can see more information about localization here :  (website hidden) Feel free to ask me more questions	An excellent apartment located in the heart of Paris. Very simple, calm and luminous. The nearest tube is only 6 minutes walk connecting you to the rest of the city. I'm be pleased to welcome you! This 27m2 modern flat has full equipement and easy of access in Paris. It has a double bed and everything to have a nice stay (great cooking equipments, sofa, internet, amplifiers and tv !) The neighbourghood is very nice, with a nice park (Georges Brassens), many shops and a big market on Thurdays and Sunday monrnings. It is not really a party area but rather a familly one, to sleep well and get ready for a day of visit in the city. Transport lines are quite good here as you can take the line 12 to get to touristic areas very easily. You have direct acess to : Montparnasse - train station for the Palace of Versailles (15'), Concorde (20'), Madeleine (21'), Saint Lazare - train station for Rouen.. (25'), Pigalle (30'), Abbesses - Montmartre (35') With one change : with the line 4 - Saint Mich
10830	Nice and cheap apt near Eiffel Tower (Eiffel Tower and its Park are 5min away walking) Perfect for a single or a couple visiting Paris Convenient Transportation: 3 metro lines downstairs (lines 6,8,10) at Metro Stop La Motte-Picquet Grenelle  Very convenient to come from both airports and to go anywhere in Paris.  Latin quarter is 10 to 15 min max away with line number 10 direct. Direct (7stops)  to Champs-Elysees on line 6 Farmer market downstairs on wednesdays and sundays Restaurant and bars downstairs Grocery stores, a laundromat, bakeries and good cafes right downstairs Internet network in the Apt and a keybord is available	Nice and cheap apt near Eiffel Tower (Eiffel Tower and its Park are 5min away walking) Perfect for a single or a couple visiting Paris Convenient Transportation: 3 metro lines downstairs (lines 6,8,10) at Metro Stop La Motte-Picquet Grenelle  Very convenient to come from both airports and to go anywhere in Paris.  Latin quarter is 10 to 15 min max away with line number 10 direct. Direct (7stops)  to Champs-Elysees on line 6 Farmer market downstairs on wednesdays and sundays Restaurant and bars downstairs Grocery stores, a laundromat, bakeries and good cafes right downstairs Internet network in the Apt and a keybord is available
10831	The flat is located in a very quiet alley just behind a street with many restaurants and 2 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower gardens. It is on the 3rd floor of a very safe building. It has everything you need (fully equipped kitchen, linen, towels, washing machine, TV, Wifi...). The couch (new one since photo was taken) is a confortable convertible sofa if you have guests. 	If you are coming to Paris for a short time, you will love this appartment, ideally located with 3 metro lines (2 minutes walk away) and the Champ de Mars with the Eiffel Tower at a 5 minute walk.  The flat is located in a very quiet alley just behind a street with many restaurants and 2 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower gardens. It is on the 3rd floor of a very safe building. It has everything you need (fully equipped kitchen, linen, towels, washing machine, TV, Wifi...). The couch (new one since photo was taken) is a confortable convertible sofa if you have guests.  The flat is on the left of the Hotel Ares, less than 2 minutes from the metro stop La Motte Piquet Grenelle We have travelled a lot and used airbnb for a few years (to host and to travel). We enjoy meeting people from all over the world. We are available for any sort of advice but understand how important it is to feel at home so we never come over unexpectedly. Most of our Airbnb reviews are on my partner's account:  ht
10832	L'appartement est très calme, au fond d'une impasse, au coeur de Paris ! Logement fonctionnel et charmant, agréable pour un court séjour à Paris ou moins court. C'est aussi mon atelier d'artiste, vous trouverez quelques photos de mes différents voyages... L'appartement fait 30 m2 avec une petite cour de 17 m2 où il fait bien s'attarder l'été ... La cuisine est toute équipée, le salon est de style oriental et le lit dans la chambre est un vrai lit, (neuf 140 cm) très confortable ! De la chambre on voit les fleurs au printemps et l'été !	Soyez les bienvenus dans ce bel appartement de 30 m2 avec une terrasse ! Cuisine ouverte, salon oriental, chambre claire. Vous êtes au pied de la Tour Eiffel (5 mn à pied) et de la Seine, et Paris est à vous avec 3 lignes de métro, de nombreux bus. L'appartement est très calme, au fond d'une impasse, au coeur de Paris ! Logement fonctionnel et charmant, agréable pour un court séjour à Paris ou moins court. C'est aussi mon atelier d'artiste, vous trouverez quelques photos de mes différents voyages... L'appartement fait 30 m2 avec une petite cour de 17 m2 où il fait bien s'attarder l'été ... La cuisine est toute équipée, le salon est de style oriental et le lit dans la chambre est un vrai lit, (neuf 140 cm) très confortable ! De la chambre on voit les fleurs au printemps et l'été ! L'appartement est situé au rez de chaussée d'un immeuble de 5 étages.  Il est desservi par trois lignes de métro et par de nombreux bus qui passent par la Motte-Piquet Grenelle ou/et la Tour Eiffel. Vous êtes 
10833		Il s'agit d'un appartement entier de deux pièces situé dans le 15è arrondissement de Paris, il dispose d’une surface de 40 m2 qui se divise en un grand salon, une grande chambre claire et calme, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec WC.
10834	un charmant studio  rénové en 2014,  de 18m2, situé au calme côté jardin en plein coeur du 15ième arrondissement de Paris. 15 minutes de la tour-eiffel et 20 minutes des champs elysées Il est composé: -Cuisine toute équipée: frigo, plaque de cuisson, four à micro-onde, four, machine à café. - grand canapé lit 140x200 très confortable, TV LCD, table, chaise. -Salle de bain: baignoire, lavabo, wc, machine à laver.	Nice and bright studio : open kitchen, TV, wi-fi, , sofa/bed, bathroom, micro-waves/oven, and all linen needed.The building is well located in a very creative area surrounded by multicultural gastronomic restaurants and shops. 15 min to tower eiffel 
10835	"Be very welcome at home !!! :) At the 8th floor with elevator in a chic building 3 rooms (2 bedrooms - 2 bathrooms - independant toilets - big living&diningroom - terrace with view) Fully equipped kitchen A big bathroom and a little children shower room, both modern with unlimited hot water and clean towels provided Very comfortable bedding, with linen bedsheets Very luminous and very cosy with the living room open on the terrace with a big bay window Functional space with many storage Possibility to install a baby bed Chic, ""left bank"" and upper class neigborhood, quiet and safe environment (Tour Eiffel, Unesco, Invalides monument, Breteuil avenue, etc.)"	"Luxuous and very cosy apartment Comfortable and functional, very luminous Decoration made of a typical Parisian mix of design and brocante furniture 82m2, located near the Eiffel Tour at the 8th floor (elevator) with nice terrace and a great view Be very welcome at home !!! :) At the 8th floor with elevator in a chic building 3 rooms (2 bedrooms - 2 bathrooms - independant toilets - big living&diningroom - terrace with view) Fully equipped kitchen A big bathroom and a little children shower room, both modern with unlimited hot water and clean towels provided Very comfortable bedding, with linen bedsheets Very luminous and very cosy with the living room open on the terrace with a big bay window Functional space with many storage Possibility to install a baby bed Chic, ""left bank"" and upper class neigborhood, quiet and safe environment (Tour Eiffel, Unesco, Invalides monument, Breteuil avenue, etc.) Enjoy all the amenities, just like if you were home : - Free, fast and unlimited Wifi  - "
10836		Very charming apartment located on the tenth floor with an elevator with a beautiful view on Paris roofs and Montparnasse Tower. Ideal situation near Eiffel Tower, only 10 min by foot.   Full of light, it can accommodate up to 4 people. Well equipped, it has an open kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave, kettle, coffeemaker, etc…). The living room is provided with bed sofa (2 places), TV and internet. In the bedroom you will have a double bed.  It is a very good location, situated close to many shops, restaurants and famous French places: Eiffel Tower, Ecole militaire, Invalides, etc… You are in the very center of Paris and the nearest metro stations are Cambronne on line 6, Motte Picquet Grenelle on line 8, Segur on line 10. You can have easy access to Velib (bicycle station).  If you have any questions, please, feel free to ask me, I'd be glad to answer you. 
10837	The flat is on the 2nd floor (by stairs). The living room overlooks the street, with its great food shops, cafes and flowershops, the bedroom overlooks a quiet courtyard.  The flat comprises of a :  - bedroom with queen size bed, for relaxing nights after a day of walking around town.  - kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, microwave, mini oven, washing machine The kitchen is american style with a bar that opens on the living room.  - living room with TV, a sofa that turns into a comfy double bed if needed.  - dining room and piano - bathroom with bath - separate toilets Fast wireless internet.  I provide bedsheets, towels, and feel free to help yourself with any kitchen basics.  The flat is in an old - and sometimes squeaky, as many - typical parisian building. The building has a door code and altogether is perfectly safe.  	Bright and spacious flat located in the rue Cler, a great pedestrian street, full of cafes and food shops, in the central and safe 7th arrondissement, minutes away from the Eiffel tower. Metro station : Ecole Militaire The flat is on the 2nd floor (by stairs). The living room overlooks the street, with its great food shops, cafes and flowershops, the bedroom overlooks a quiet courtyard.  The flat comprises of a :  - bedroom with queen size bed, for relaxing nights after a day of walking around town.  - kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, microwave, mini oven, washing machine The kitchen is american style with a bar that opens on the living room.  - living room with TV, a sofa that turns into a comfy double bed if needed.  - dining room and piano - bathroom with bath - separate toilets Fast wireless internet.  I provide bedsheets, towels, and feel free to help yourself with any kitchen basics.  The flat is in an old - and sometimes squeaky, as many - typical parisian building. The building
10838	The Paris apartment is located on the 4th floor of a very nice building. The access is secured by a door code. This 70sqm apartment rental in Paris has three rooms : the living-room and two bedrooms. The entrance hall leads to the living-room on your right. It is bright and very pleasant, with a couch, a coffee table and a flat TV screen. A wooden table will accomodate four guests. From the entrance hall, a corridor to the left leads to the first bedroom. It features a double bed (140×200), a large wardrobe and storage space. The bathroom is located next to this bedroom. It features a walk-in shower and the toilet. The second bedroom is located on the back of the corridor, in front of the entrance hall. It features two single beds (90×200) that can be put together to form a double bed (180×200). This bedroom has another door to directly access the living-room. The fitted kitchen is off the corridor that leads to the second bedroom. This Paris apartment rental can sleep up to four guest	Close to the Eiffel Tower in the 7th district and Commerce Street, with its village atmosphere, in the 15th district. This charming 70sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is bright and quiet and sleeps four. The Paris apartment is located on the 4th floor of a very nice building. The access is secured by a door code. This 70sqm apartment rental in Paris has three rooms : the living-room and two bedrooms. The entrance hall leads to the living-room on your right. It is bright and very pleasant, with a couch, a coffee table and a flat TV screen. A wooden table will accomodate four guests. From the entrance hall, a corridor to the left leads to the first bedroom. It features a double bed (140×200), a large wardrobe and storage space. The bathroom is located next to this bedroom. It features a walk-in shower and the toilet. The second bedroom is located on the back of the corridor, in front of the entrance hall. It features two single beds (90×200) that can be put together to form a dou
10839	Appartement de 3 pièces de 60 m2 avec balcon, exposition plein sud, au 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble des années 50. Il est composé de 2 chambres, salon-salle à manger, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, de toilettes séparées et d'une cuisine équipée (four et lave vaisselle). Le parquet est en chêne massif. Cet appartement tout confort peut accueillir idéalement 4 personnes, mais contient jusqu'à 6 couchages avec le canapé convertible. L'appartement dispose des équipements suivants : TV, Hifi, Wifi. L'appartement est lumineux, donne sur une cour calme. Le quartier porte de Versailles/convention offre tous les avantages pour un séjour des plus agréables. Vous y trouverez de nombreux commerces (supermarché, boucher, boulanger, restaurants, bar, cinéma…). Vous êtes à proximité du métro (ligne 8), des bus, tramway, Vélib'. Vous avez accès à plusieurs parcs : Georges Brassens et André Citroen, agréables pour pique niquer, courir ou se balader. Vous avez accès aux quais de seine	Porte de Versailles Appartement de 3 pièces de 60 m2 avec balcon, exposition plein sud, au 5eme étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble des années 50. Il est composé de 2 chambres, salon-salle à manger, d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, de toilettes séparées et d'une cuisine équipée (four et lave vaisselle). Le parquet est en chêne massif. Cet appartement tout confort peut accueillir idéalement 4 personnes, mais contient jusqu'à 6 couchages avec le canapé convertible. L'appartement dispose des équipements suivants : TV, Hifi, Wifi. L'appartement est lumineux, donne sur une cour calme. Le quartier porte de Versailles/convention offre tous les avantages pour un séjour des plus agréables. Vous y trouverez de nombreux commerces (supermarché, boucher, boulanger, restaurants, bar, cinéma…). Vous êtes à proximité du métro (ligne 8), des bus, tramway, Vélib'. Vous avez accès à plusieurs parcs : Georges Brassens et André Citroen, agréables pour pique niquer, courir ou se balader. Vous avez accè
10840	Very spacious apartment, with everything needed for a pleasant stay, like at home!	The apartment is ideal if you want to experience Paris at its best, with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, a large living room , 2 balconies , kitchen with everything necessary. You only have to put your bags and enjoy Paris ! Very spacious apartment, with everything needed for a pleasant stay, like at home! The apartment will be at your disposal , with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, large living room ( with sofa bed, and dining room ), kitchen, and 2 balconies We will be in Paris for the duration of your stay, reached at any time for information , help or advice and tips on Paris . The apartment is located in the heart of a quiet area with several shops and restaurants nearby. Various means of transport allow you to quickly reach the center and tourist sites such as the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars , the Quai Branly Museum , etc. Metro 8 , 12, bus 42 , 62, 80 , tram 2 and 3
10841	At the center of paris, the foot of the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de March and Military School. to the Quays and the Fly boats 2 rooms on the ground floor overlooking the garden, very quiet. A green haven of peace and greenery in the paris. Typical apartment: beams and fireplace. Bedroom with double bed (cot available) Living room with fireplace, flat screen TV, sofa bed very comfortable. Kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine Bathroom with bath, separate toilet. Well maintained condo. Dual code.  key on your disposal for check in 24/24 Very large supermarket opposite, butchers, bakers, press on the same block. 3 minutes from the Champs de Mars, from the military school Metro La Motte Piquet Grenelle	At the center of paris, the foot of the Eiffel Tower, the Champs de March and Military School. to the Quays and the Fly boats 2 rooms on the ground floor overlooking the garden, very quiet. A green haven of peace and greenery in the paris. Typical apartment: beams and fireplace. Bedroom with double bed (cot available) Living room with fireplace, flat screen TV, sofa bed very comfortable. Kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine Bathroom with bath, separate toilet. Well maintained condo. Dual code.  key on your disposal for check in 24/24 Very large supermarket opposite, butchers, bakers, press on the same block. 3 minutes from the Champs de Mars, from the military school Metro La Motte Piquet Grenelle
10842	appartement de 58m2,refait a neuf,agréable séjour.	l'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme,a proximité des transports en commun(3mn a pied).boulangerie,bars-tabacs,tous commerces,marché 3 fois par semaine. cinéma,restaurants. 10mn a pied du parc des expositions(porte de versailles appartement de 58m2,refait a neuf,agréable séjour. l'accès de l'appartement se fait par une porte digicode ,puis une autre porte avec un badge j'attend votre visite ....à bientôt  Le Quartier de la convention est animé,beaucoup de commerces( café,restaurant,marché,boutique,supermarché ,cinema....). Beaucoup d ´étudiants. Métro convention à100m Arrêt de bus à 50m
10843	This apartment is located on the first floor of a nice building on Boulevard Lefebvre, a large avenue lined with cafés and terraces, just a few meters away from the Parc des Expositions.  The spacious living room gives onto the avenue. Its large windows open up on the trees’ foliage and flood the room with sunlight. It is a welcoming and convivial room, made up of a sitting area with three sofas, a dining area next to the open-plan kitchen, and a relaxation area with a welcoming bench seat. One of the sofa converts into a double bed.  The bedroom with a queen size bed is separated by a corridor where a small office has been set up. It gives onto a quiet street and has many closets.  The pleasant adjoining bathroom has a bathtub, a washbasin counter, and toilets behind a sliding door, which can also be accessed through the corridor.  This apartment is functional, well-equipped (wide flat screen TV, dishwasher, washing machine), and is perfectly located to visit the exhibition Centre and	Welcoming and bright apartment which sleeps up to 4 people, facing the Porte de Versailles’ exhibition center. This apartment is located on the first floor of a nice building on Boulevard Lefebvre, a large avenue lined with cafés and terraces, just a few meters away from the Parc des Expositions.  The spacious living room gives onto the avenue. Its large windows open up on the trees’ foliage and flood the room with sunlight. It is a welcoming and convivial room, made up of a sitting area with three sofas, a dining area next to the open-plan kitchen, and a relaxation area with a welcoming bench seat. One of the sofa converts into a double bed.  The bedroom with a queen size bed is separated by a corridor where a small office has been set up. It gives onto a quiet street and has many closets.  The pleasant adjoining bathroom has a bathtub, a washbasin counter, and toilets behind a sliding door, which can also be accessed through the corridor.  This apartment is functional, well-equipped 
10844	Nice and new appartment. New furnitures, with Wifi, TV, cable, separated bathroom and kitchen. Close to Tour Effeil, La Seine, Beaugrenelle Mall Center, Andre Citroen Park and shopping street Rue Saint Charles (perfect for holidays period)	Ideal to visit Paris and perfect for a couple!  Very nice and convenient flat, 463 square feet, located in the heart of Paris in the charming neighborhood of Cambronne/La Motte-Picquet (Paris 15th). This apartment offers easy access to Eiffel Tower ( Nice and new appartment. New furnitures, with Wifi, TV, cable, separated bathroom and kitchen. Close to Tour Effeil, La Seine, Beaugrenelle Mall Center, Andre Citroen Park and shopping street Rue Saint Charles (perfect for holidays period) TV / Cable / Wifi Living room Bedroom (King size bed) Dressing Wifi Bathroom (hot water) Heater / AC Kitchen (with washing machine & dryer) I am available at all times by phone or email. One of the most secure and nicest areas to walk at all times in Paris. Less than 30 minutes walk to the Tour Eiffel. Close to shops, restaurants, movie theatres, bars (Rue Saint Charles, along La Seine, Beaugrenelle, La Motte Picquet, Boucicault). Bus line 62 Metro line 8 and 10 Velib (velib station right at the corner) 
10845	Cuisine équipée (frigo, machine à laver la vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, plaques). Vaisselle pour 4. Télévision satellite Box Bouyghes. Wifi. Balcon plein sud avec table 2 places. Draps, oreillers prévus pour 4. WC indépendant. Chambre indépendante avec mobilier de bureau . Une armoire de rangement disponible dans l'entrée. Une demi-armoire de disponible dans la chambre. 	Appartement 50 m2 avec 1 chambre . Accueillant,dans une résidence très calme au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Quartier très sympa et commerçant. Bien situé, à 100 mètres du métro Lourmel et de Boucicaut (ligne 8). Bien équipé. Convertible dans le salon. Cuisine équipée (frigo, machine à laver la vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, plaques). Vaisselle pour 4. Télévision satellite Box Bouyghes. Wifi. Balcon plein sud avec table 2 places. Draps, oreillers prévus pour 4. WC indépendant. Chambre indépendante avec mobilier de bureau . Une armoire de rangement disponible dans l'entrée. Une demi-armoire de disponible dans la chambre. Le plus facile d'accès reste le Métro Lourmel ou Boucicault (ligne 8).  Des aéroprts , le taxi est le plus simple des aéroports (exemple de prix: Orly 30€) Je laisserais à disposition plans métro et quelques adresses. Proche cimetière Vaugirard, vue dégagée. Lumineux. Toutes commodités de transport à proximité : accès rapide au périphérique proche, proximité métro lourmel 
10846	Last opportunity to stay in this flat! In a stone building, typical of Parisian architecture, a great flat to stay in: over 60 square meters, top floor, beautifully redesigned and furnished. Sleeping: double bed in the blue bedroom, double bed in the (small) red bedroom. And if necessary, double sofa bed in the living room (not for tall people). So the flat could accommodate up to 6 people, but best for 4 or parents + kids / teenagers. Great for a couple, great for a family!	Spacious, elegant, great location! Très French! 60 sqm (650 sq ft), top floor, in residential & lively district. Completely redesigned, fully equipped. Metro hub, perfect location. Last opportunity to stay in this flat! In a stone building, typical of Parisian architecture, a great flat to stay in: over 60 square meters, top floor, beautifully redesigned and furnished. Sleeping: double bed in the blue bedroom, double bed in the (small) red bedroom. And if necessary, double sofa bed in the living room (not for tall people). So the flat could accommodate up to 6 people, but best for 4 or parents + kids / teenagers. Great for a couple, great for a family! The flat is fully equipped. You can cook a nice dinner, share a bottle of wine - or do the laundry and the ironing if you miss it ;-) Please send a message to check the flat is available, I'll reply quickly. Appliances: washing machine, dish washer, nespresso, oven & micro-wave, other usual appliances… I'd be happy to tell you about Pari
10847		Studio de 35m² situé entre les stations Convention et Porte de Versailles (parc des expo) sur ligne 12 et T2, proche commerces et restaurants. Cuisine américaine toute équipée. SdB avec grande douche. Canapé dépliant avec un vrai matelas.
10848		Affittasi appartamento a Parigi in complesso residenziale presso porte de Versailles (rue oradour sur glane, 20). L'appartamento è composto da 4 posti letto. Rent apartment in Paris in a residential complex at porte de Versailles (4 beds)
10849	Bright and located in a very quiet area, it is perfect for a stay in couple, family or friends to (re-)discover Paris.	Charming 60m² apartment on the 6th floor of a typical Parisian building in the purest local Haussmann style but with a lift! Bright and located in a very quiet area, it is perfect for a stay in couple, family or friends to (re-)discover Paris. Entrance leading to a large living room with wooden floor and warmly decorated in a unique style of furniture from our travels and that we have created. Two windows make the room particularly bright. The sofa is very comfortable to sleep. The kitchen is fully equipped and is separated from the rest of the apartment. The first bathroom (with toilet) will allow you to relax in the bath after a long day of visit. The second bathroom has a shower. The room is spacious and the king size bed (180cm) comfortable. This apartment is perfect for 4 people. We provide sheets and towels if you wish. Our apartment is well equipped. In the kitchen: blender, oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, washing machine, dryer and dishwasher. Wi-Fi + TV Nice bars and resta
10850	Break free from small and overpriced Paris hotel rooms! Live in a high rise condo building near the Eiffel Tower and truly enjoy your stay in Paris! Live among local Parisian people in a very safe and modern high rise condo apartment with elevators and a security person.  I will be glad to tell you what sights to see, where to go for authentic Parisian meal, and what attractions to visit : ))) I am renting out gorgeous fully furnished and equipped studio condo apartment on a very high floor in a luxurious and modern downtown Paris condo building near Eiffel Tower.  Free wireless internet.  Within 10-15 minutes walking distance to the Eiffel Tower.  Only 1-3 min. away from a brand new shopping center with Best fashion French and international brands.  Within 5-7 minutes walking distance to Bir-Hakeim subway station (metro) - the closest subway station to Eiffel Tower.   35m², located on the 19th floor with elevator in a modern condo building.  Up to 2 guests can stay at no extra charge.	Break free from small and overpriced Paris hotel rooms! Live in a high rise condo building near the Eiffel Tower and truly enjoy your stay in Paris! Live among local Parisian people in a very safe and modern high rise condo apartment with elevators and a security person.  I will be glad to tell you what sights to see, where to go for authentic Parisian meal, and what attractions to visit : ))) I am renting out gorgeous fully furnished and equipped studio condo apartment on a very high floor in a luxurious and modern downtown Paris condo building near Eiffel Tower.  Free wireless internet.  Within 10-15 minutes walking distance to the Eiffel Tower.  Only 1-3 min. away from a brand new shopping center with Best fashion French and international brands.  Within 5-7 minutes walking distance to Bir-Hakeim subway station (metro) - the closest subway station to Eiffel Tower.   35m², located on the 19th floor with elevator in a modern condo building.  Up to 2 guests can stay at no extra charge.
10851	Beautiful appartement with two bedrooms, renovated in 2011. Ideal location to visit Paris. 10 minutes walking from Eiffel Tower. Three lines of subway and one line of train close to the flat. It's two bedrooms appartement with : - a living room with a bar area from witch you can see eiffel tower  - a master bedroom with a double bed (140 cm) - a child bedroom with a baby bed and a kid one  - Possibility to put an aerobed (electric pump) - a full equiped kitchen  - a bathroom The neighborhood is very pleasant to live with many bars, restaurants, merchants, garden and a famous market on wednesday and sunday morning.  Wifi access and local phone available Hi-fi and TV   Bed linen and towels provided 	Beautiful appartement with two bedrooms, renovated in 2011. Ideal location to visit Paris. 10 minutes walking from Eiffel Tower. Three lines of subway and one line of train close to the flat. It's two bedrooms appartement with : - a living room with a bar area from witch you can see eiffel tower  - a master bedroom with a double bed (140 cm) - a child bedroom with a baby bed and a kid one  - Possibility to put an aerobed (electric pump) - a full equiped kitchen  - a bathroom The neighborhood is very pleasant to live with many bars, restaurants, merchants, garden and a famous market on wednesday and sunday morning.  Wifi access and local phone available Hi-fi and TV   Bed linen and towels provided 
10852	My 28 m2 is the perfect place for a couple or a single person to stay in Paris. It is situated in an Art Déco building (1930s) and has some charm. I live on the 8th floor (with elevator) which gives lots of light and view! Near by the Eiffel tower in the center of Paris, close to 3 metro lines and public bycicles, food and shopping shops around, you will be in the perfect position to go and come at your ease and discover Paris! All facilities at home (kitchen, washing machine, bathroom, internet, TV) for everyday needs. I ll be happy to share a meal or a drink ( pub at just about 100 meters from my place) with my guests if they want to. I will keep in contact with my guests as much as it is needed to answer their questions during their stay. Before their arrival, I will contact them and give them some advices about Paris, how to come, what to bring etc. 	a quiet neighborhood of Paris to enjoy typical parisian life My 28 m2 is the perfect place for a couple or a single person to stay in Paris. It is situated in an Art Déco building (1930s) and has some charm. I live on the 8th floor (with elevator) which gives lots of light and view! Near by the Eiffel tower in the center of Paris, close to 3 metro lines and public bycicles, food and shopping shops around, you will be in the perfect position to go and come at your ease and discover Paris! All facilities at home (kitchen, washing machine, bathroom, internet, TV) for everyday needs. I ll be happy to share a meal or a drink ( pub at just about 100 meters from my place) with my guests if they want to. I will keep in contact with my guests as much as it is needed to answer their questions during their stay. Before their arrival, I will contact them and give them some advices about Paris, how to come, what to bring etc. as much as they want ;)
10853	"A sunny and peaceful 2-room appartment on the 5th floor of an Art-Déco building (lift) with a view of the Eiffel Tower.  A non-smoking property with WIFI Internet access and cable TV.  Living room  The bright sitting room welcomes you with a comfortable convertible sofa (double bed) and armchair, a dining table and four chairs, a TV set, DVD player, radio and CD player.  Bedroom:  The bedroom has a double bed, two large cupboards and is bright and comfortable.  Kitchen:  The kitchen has an electric ...read more oven, a microwav oven, fridge and dishwasher.  Bathroom:  One bathroom with a wash basin, a tub with shower unit and a washing machine and dryer.  Separate loo.  Area description:  Five minutes walk from the ""Rue du Commerce"" in the 15th district of Paris with bars,  restaurants and shops.  Nearest metro:  - Commerce (line 8) , five minutes walk (ten to fifteen minutes from Invalides, Concorde, Opera)  - Convention (line 12), five minutes walk  Close to :  - Busline 80,  - Velib"	"A sunny and peaceful 2-room appartment on the 5th floor of an Art-Déco building (lift) with a view of the Eiffel Tower.  A non-smoking property with WIFI Internet access and cable TV.  Living room  The bright sitting room welcomes you with a comfortable convertible sofa (double bed) and armchair, a dining table and four chairs, a TV set, DVD player, radio and CD player.  Bedroom:  The bedroom has a double bed, two large cupboards and is bright and comfortable.  Kitchen:  The kitchen has an electric ...read more oven, a microwav oven, fridge and dishwasher.  Bathroom:  One bathroom with a wash basin, a tub with shower unit and a washing machine and dryer.  Separate loo.  Area description:  Five minutes walk from the ""Rue du Commerce"" in the 15th district of Paris with bars,  restaurants and shops.  Nearest metro:  - Commerce (line 8) , five minutes walk (ten to fifteen minutes from Invalides, Concorde, Opera)  - Convention (line 12), five minutes walk  Close to :  - Busline 80,  - Velib"
10854	"Apartment: - 4th floor with an elevator; - entry code security system; - surface area: 43m2;  - double paned windows (no street noise); - 1 fully equipped kitchen; - 1 living room (an additional bed can be put in the living room upon request); - 1 bedroom with a double bed and storage area for clothes; - 1 bathroom with a washing machine, a dryer…; - 1 WC; - unlimited Wi-Fi internet access; - international TV channels; - iron and iron board; - books and cook books; - maps of Paris; - sheets and towels included.  The apartment is sunny (2 big windows in the bedroom and 1 big window in the living room) and calm. Location:  The 15th arrondissement is a typical Parisian district, very pleasant and quiet area. My street is calm and safe. My apartment is located at 1 minute by foot from the famous shopping street ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find anything you need (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... ). There is als"	"Apartment: - 4th floor with an elevator; - entry code security system; - surface area: 43m2;  - double paned windows (no street noise); - 1 fully equipped kitchen; - 1 living room (an additional bed can be put in the living room upon request); - 1 bedroom with a double bed and storage area for clothes; - 1 bathroom with a washing machine, a dryer…; - 1 WC; - unlimited Wi-Fi internet access; - international TV channels; - iron and iron board; - books and cook books; - maps of Paris; - sheets and towels included.  The apartment is sunny (2 big windows in the bedroom and 1 big window in the living room) and calm. Location:  The 15th arrondissement is a typical Parisian district, very pleasant and quiet area. My street is calm and safe. My apartment is located at 1 minute by foot from the famous shopping street ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find anything you need (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, delicatessens, clothes shops, perfumery... ). There is als"
10855	Studio bien aménagé pour cuisiner et dans un super quartier. A une minute de la rue du Commerce très fréquentée avec de nombreux commerces. Pour un déjeuné rapide et sain je recommande la boulangerie Kayser (79 rue du commerce). Nombreuses boulangeries, boucheries et autres magasins à proximité : Célio, Eclypse, Gap, Gap enfant, H&M, Marionaud, Monoprix, Minelli, Princesse Tam Tam,  Starbucks, Sport 2000, Séphora, San Marina, Trésor, Very nice things, Yves Rocher, Zvarovski, Zara … En termes de transports, il y a beaucoup de métros et encore plus de bus. Métro 8 commerce, métro 10 Emile Zola ou Motte Piquet-Grenelle, Métro 6 Cambronne ou Motte Piquet-Grenelle et Métro 12 Vaugirard ce qui est très pratique pour visiter tout Paris.  Appartement au 4e étage sur 4, tout équipé : lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, plaque à induction, mixer, grand frigo. Le lit est un lit double confortable (160X200) de marque Libao (double vainqueur du concours l’épine) qui monte et qui descend en appuyant s	Studio bien aménagé pour cuisiner et dans un super quartier. A une minute de la rue du Commerce très fréquentée avec de nombreux commerces. Pour un déjeuné rapide et sain je recommande la boulangerie Kayser (79 rue du commerce). Nombreuses boulangeries, boucheries et autres magasins à proximité : Célio, Eclypse, Gap, Gap enfant, H&M, Marionaud, Monoprix, Minelli, Princesse Tam Tam,  Starbucks, Sport 2000, Séphora, San Marina, Trésor, Very nice things, Yves Rocher, Zvarovski, Zara … En termes de transports, il y a beaucoup de métros et encore plus de bus. Métro 8 commerce, métro 10 Emile Zola ou Motte Piquet-Grenelle, Métro 6 Cambronne ou Motte Piquet-Grenelle et Métro 12 Vaugirard ce qui est très pratique pour visiter tout Paris.  Appartement au 4e étage sur 4, tout équipé : lave vaisselle, lave linge, four, plaque à induction, mixer, grand frigo. Le lit est un lit double confortable (160X200) de marque Libao (double vainqueur du concours l’épine) qui monte et qui descend en appuyant s
10856	"Location: Only 5 minutes' walk to 4 subway stations (6, 8, 10 & 12) and 15 minutes' walk to the Eiffel tower, the Invalides, the ""Quai de Branly"" museem and the Montparnasse district. This nice flat (fifth floor) is typically Parisian (hausmanien with wooden flooring and high mouldered ceiling ), it is well equipped with door code, security phone et elevator. This quiet appartment, overlooking a courtyard, is located at the foot of very good shopping area. Lecourbe street is well known for all its bakeries, patisseries, butcher's shops, fishmonger's shops, cheese's  shops, groceries, delicatessens, bars and restaurants... 5 minutes' walk are enough to go to the air-open markets of Grenelle Boulevard or Breteuil/Saxe Avenues. If you enjoy the fashion boutiques, in the same way, you can go to Commerce street to find what you may look for. Latin district is only at 3 subway stations. Bedroom: Comfortable bed for two persons and large wardrobe equipped as dressing. Bedding accessories are "	"Our one bedroom hausmanian flat of 50 square meters is comfortable, quiet, centrally located and well equipped. From it you can organise a very nice stay in Paris never far away from the main areas to be visited. Location: Only 5 minutes' walk to 4 subway stations (6, 8, 10 & 12) and 15 minutes' walk to the Eiffel tower, the Invalides, the ""Quai de Branly"" museem and the Montparnasse district. This nice flat (fifth floor) is typically Parisian (hausmanien with wooden flooring and high mouldered ceiling ), it is well equipped with door code, security phone et elevator. This quiet appartment, overlooking a courtyard, is located at the foot of very good shopping area. Lecourbe street is well known for all its bakeries, patisseries, butcher's shops, fishmonger's shops, cheese's  shops, groceries, delicatessens, bars and restaurants... 5 minutes' walk are enough to go to the air-open markets of Grenelle Boulevard or Breteuil/Saxe Avenues. If you enjoy the fashion boutiques, in the same way,"
10857	"Beautiful apartment on the third floor of a haussmann period building. The apartment was completely renovated in spring 2011. Located on Boulevard Pasteur in the 15th arrondissement (district). Very quiet and bright and overlooks the courtyard. It is located 15/20minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from the Montparnasse train station, 10 minutes from the Rue de Rennes and its many shops. Stations closest metro stations are ""Pasteur"" (Lines, 6 and 12), and ""Montparnasse"" (lines 4, 6, 12, and 13). The resort shuttles connecting Air France Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly is 10 minutes walk, which takes you to the airport in 1hr bus. The apartment is clean and well organized in a modern style, it has an entrance hall, a fully equipped kitchen with sink, electric stove, refrigerator, micro-waves/oven, coffee machine, kettle, and plenty of storage.  The renovated bathroom has shower, sink and toilet, a washing machine and clean towels are at your disposal. There is a hairdryer. T"	"Beautiful apartment on the third floor of a haussmann period building. The apartment was completely renovated in spring 2011. Located on Boulevard Pasteur in the 15th arrondissement (district). Very quiet and bright and overlooks the courtyard. It is located 15/20minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from the Montparnasse train station, 10 minutes from the Rue de Rennes and its many shops. Stations closest metro stations are ""Pasteur"" (Lines, 6 and 12), and ""Montparnasse"" (lines 4, 6, 12, and 13). The resort shuttles connecting Air France Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly is 10 minutes walk, which takes you to the airport in 1hr bus. The apartment is clean and well organized in a modern style, it has an entrance hall, a fully equipped kitchen with sink, electric stove, refrigerator, micro-waves/oven, coffee machine, kettle, and plenty of storage.  The renovated bathroom has shower, sink and toilet, a washing machine and clean towels are at your disposal. There is a hairdryer. T"
10858	I'm renting out a great brand new renovated furnished 2 bedroom 1 bath in the lively yet residential 15th arrondissement.  It's on the 4th floor of an elevator building with digicode.  Airy and modern feeling, the apartment is about 73 square meters (or about 800 sq feet) and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is comprised of 2 bedrooms (one with large bed + one with 2 twin beds) a living room with french doors and balcony, a dining area with expanding dining table for 6, separate kitchen (dishes are included), bathroom (with tub), separate toilet. The apartment also has brand new flat screen TV, washer, dryer and dishwasher. Towels and linens are included wifi and TV are also included (i don't charge extra), however i can't ensure 100% reliability of wifi and cable (sometimes the box does break down and a service call in paris can take up to 15 days). ALL conveniences are located nearby (and by all i mean ALL): The apartment is located up the street from shopping, grocery stores, gree	I'm renting out a great brand new renovated furnished 2 bedroom 1 bath in the lively yet residential 15th arrondissement.  It's on the 4th floor of an elevator building with digicode.  Airy and modern feeling, the apartment is about 73 square meters (or about 800 sq feet) and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is comprised of 2 bedrooms (one with large bed + one with 2 twin beds) a living room with french doors and balcony, a dining area with expanding dining table for 6, separate kitchen (dishes are included), bathroom (with tub), separate toilet. The apartment also has brand new flat screen TV, washer, dryer and dishwasher. Towels and linens are included wifi and TV are also included (i don't charge extra), however i can't ensure 100% reliability of wifi and cable (sometimes the box does break down and a service call in paris can take up to 15 days). ALL conveniences are located nearby (and by all i mean ALL): The apartment is located up the street from shopping, grocery stores, gree
10859		L'appartement offre tout le confort nécessaire. La chambre dispose d'un grand lit deux places et d'une armoire. Le soleil brille par la fenêtre en fin d'après midi! Tout l'appartement est accessible à l'exception de la seconde chambre.
10860	Studio très mignon dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris.  Very cute studio in the 15th district of Paris.	Studio chaleureux dans le 15e, à proximité du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et de la Tour Eiffel. Quartier calme mais vivant, idéal pour un séjour parisien. Métros Charles Michel (10) et Lourmel (8).    Studio très mignon dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris.  Very cute studio in the 15th district of Paris. Les voyageurs auront accès à une douche et une cuisine américaine. Pour plus de confort dans le studio, les toilettes sont sur le palier et sont uniquement réservées aux locataires du studio. Les 2 appartements qui entourent le studio sont rarement habités par leurs propriétaires (maisons secondaires). The travelers will have access to a shower and an kitchen. For more comfort in the studio, the toilet are on the landing and are only reserved for the tenants of the studio. 2 apartments which surround the studio are rarely inhabited by their owners ( secondary houses). Je suis disponible 24h/24, 7j/7 par téléphone ou sms.  I am avalaible  Le quartier est à la fois calme et vivant. 
10861	Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dans cet appartement de 42 m2 avec vue sur la tour eiffel. Parfaite localisation pour participer aux nombreux salons organisé aux parc des expositions Porte de Versailles ! ( 1 minutes à pied) Trés bien équipé: Internet, TV câble, machine à laver, machine à cafer Nespresso, four, microndes, etc. Une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit très confortable dans le salon vous permettra de séjourner à 4 personnes. Metro ligne 12 Porte de Versailles a 200 mètres.	Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dans cet appartement de 42 m2 avec vue sur la tour eiffel. Parfaite localisation pour participer aux nombreux salons organisé aux parc des expositions Porte de Versailles ! ( 1 minutes à pied) Trés bien équipé: Internet, TV câble, machine à laver, machine à cafer Nespresso, four, microndes, etc. Une chambre avec un lit double et un canapé lit très confortable dans le salon vous permettra de séjourner à 4 personnes. Metro ligne 12 Porte de Versailles a 200 mètres. Vous aurez accès à la Télévision, internet, machine à laver, machine à cafer, et une belle vue dégagée sans vis à vis sur la tour eiffel ! Nous pourrons échanger par mail, téléphone,etc et je vous accueillerai personnellement dans la mesure du possible afin de faire de votre séjour un succès ! 
10862		Appartement familial de 4 pièces (70m²) comprenant 1 ch avec un lit double et 1 ch avec 2 lits pour les enfants et un canapé lit dans le salon. Une sdb, une salle à manger et un salon. Idéalement situé dans le 15ème à 300m du métro convention. Métro Convention
10863	Les quelques personnes venues se poser à la maison en sont reparties enchantées et je suis heureuse de procurer ainsi du bonheur. 	"Situé près de la mairie du 15ème arrondissement, à proximité de divers transports qui vous permettront de ""vadrouiller"" dans Paris, je me fais un plaisir de vous accueillir dans un charmant petit F3 où vous trouverez calme, sérénité et quiétude. Les quelques personnes venues se poser à la maison en sont reparties enchantées et je suis heureuse de procurer ainsi du bonheur. L'appartement est entièrement disponible. J'aime lire et laisse à disposition tous mes livres ainsi qu'une documentation mise à jour sur Paris. Ce quartier du XVème arrondissement est très agréable à vivre, car très commerçant, proche des transports ; de nombreux espaces verts et petits parcs peuvent vous accueillir où se mélangent personnes âgées et jeunes enfants. Le logement est au centre de 3 lignes de métro : la 12 (station Vaugirard) dessert la Porte de Versailles, Montparnasse, Concorde, l'Assemblée nationale ou Pigalle ! la ligne 8 (station Commerce) dessert l'Opéra, les Grands boulevards, Bastille ou la Port"
10864	This lovely 55 sqm apartment can sleep up to six guests in two separate bedrooms. It has been entirely repainted and renovated in february 2013. The entrance hall, spacious, leads to all the rooms. The living-room features a comfortable sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table and a piece of furniture with a flat television, a BluRay player and cable TV. You can have your diner on the wooden dining table for four people. A glass door opens onto one of the two bedrooms. A black curtain will enable you to visually isolate the two rooms. The bedroom next to the living-room features two single beds 80x190. They can be put side by side to form a double bed 160x190 if you prefer. You will be able to store your clothes in the dresser. This bedroom and the main room give on the Jobbé Duval Street, a quiet street. The other bedroom is the master bedroom. It gives on the back side of the building and its private garden planted with grass and trees. You will sleep in a very quiet environment,	       Quiet and bright 55 sqm 2-bedroom apartment to rent in the residential 15th district near Convention area. Suitable for up to six guests, this apartment has been entirely renovated and repainted in February 2013 to offer a maximum of comfort  This lovely 55 sqm apartment can sleep up to six guests in two separate bedrooms. It has been entirely repainted and renovated in february 2013. The entrance hall, spacious, leads to all the rooms. The living-room features a comfortable sofabed (two sleeps 140x200), a coffee table and a piece of furniture with a flat television, a BluRay player and cable TV. You can have your diner on the wooden dining table for four people. A glass door opens onto one of the two bedrooms. A black curtain will enable you to visually isolate the two rooms. The bedroom next to the living-room features two single beds 80x190. They can be put side by side to form a double bed 160x190 if you prefer. You will be able to store your clothes in the dresser. This bed
10865	In a Haussmann building with balcony and unique view of the Eiffel Tower and an ideal location in the center of paris. Ideal to visit paris. ( 6 flor,no elevator, but its quikcly And not hard)	34 m2 , Deux-pièces, agréable et moderne. Cuisine équipée, cheminée apparente,  style haussemannien. Peut accueillir deux personnes. Profitez de son emplacement exhaustif: restaurants, boutiques et principales lignes de métro à proximité (2 min). Juste à coté de la Tour Effeil 6 eme étages sans ascenseur In a Haussmann building with balcony and unique view of the Eiffel Tower and an ideal location in the center of paris. Ideal to visit paris. ( 6 flor,no elevator, but its quikcly And not hard) access to the entire flat and free wifi Present at any time if needed brewery, market, paris center, shopping Subway : 6 / 8 /10 at 1 min of the flat Station Taxi Bus y
10866	Right in front of the apartment, literally just cross the street and you are at the Eiffel Tower! Unique in Paris, the apartment opens to an amazing 130 square meters (1300 sq ft) private terrace with panoramic views on the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars Park, Invalides, where you can sunbathe and rest after a day discovering Paris, have a glass of wine, have a barbecue or dinner.... Just down the flat: French Bakery, supermarkets and markets, tons of restaurants and shops for shopping,...Bus stop, metro, .... From everywhere in the apartment, you have a breathtaking view of the Eiffel Tower! You can see everyday the sun rise and the sun set on the Eiffel Tower while relaxing on the terrace! At night, you can watch the Eiffel Tower magically spakle every hour from everywhere in the apartment! Like a townhouse, on the top floors of a building (8th floor with elevator), this bright apartment has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The home has 3 bedrooms and can sleep 6 adults. The main bedroom has	Right in front of our apartment, literally just cross the street and you are at the Eiffel Tower. Unique in Paris, the apartment opens to an amazing 1300 sq ft private terrace with panoramic views on the Eiffel Tower 3 rooms, 6 adults can sleep Right in front of the apartment, literally just cross the street and you are at the Eiffel Tower! Unique in Paris, the apartment opens to an amazing 130 square meters (1300 sq ft) private terrace with panoramic views on the Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars Park, Invalides, where you can sunbathe and rest after a day discovering Paris, have a glass of wine, have a barbecue or dinner.... Just down the flat: French Bakery, supermarkets and markets, tons of restaurants and shops for shopping,...Bus stop, metro, .... From everywhere in the apartment, you have a breathtaking view of the Eiffel Tower! You can see everyday the sun rise and the sun set on the Eiffel Tower while relaxing on the terrace! At night, you can watch the Eiffel Tower magically spakle
10867	Dear Airbnb guests,  Please check our new studio in Montparnasse area. Small but cute and well equipped. We are surrounded by many shops, cinema, train, RER, bus, métro etc... You will not be lost ! 1st floor with a elevator. easy access for the Montparnasse métro station. Wifi, linens, sheets, Towels, TV, Radio, DVD player, Linens, kitchen equipped, washer, drtyer, hair dryer etc.. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. Please don't forget to read our house rules before the booking.  Check in is between 3pm - 9pm after 9pm you have to come to us pick up the key in our office at 7th district or we provide the late check in service for 50 euros. It is much secure for you. I strongly recommend it. Check out is before 11am. We can accept check in earlier or check out later in case the flat is available, please check it with us.	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear Airbnb guests,  Please check our new studio in Montparnasse area. Small but cute and well equipped. We are surrounded by many shops, cinema, train, RER, bus, métro etc... You will not be lost ! 1st floor with a elevator. easy access for the Montparnasse métro station. Wifi, linens, sheets, Towels, TV, Radio, DVD player, Linens, kitchen equipped, washer, drtyer, hair dryer etc.. Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. Please don't forget to read our house rules before the booking.  Check in is between 3pm - 9pm after 9pm you have to come to us pick up the key in our office at 7th district or we provide the late check in service 
10868	Very bright studio with a stunning view on the Eiffel Tower.  The area is safe and quiet but still being in the heart of Paris with all commodities around.	Luminous and well appointed studio in the center of Paris behind the Eiffel Tower. Perfect for a romantic week-end.  Balcony. Fully furnished with internet connexion. Close metro Dupleix(50m) with all destinations within 30min. Shops on street Very bright studio with a stunning view on the Eiffel Tower.  The area is safe and quiet but still being in the heart of Paris with all commodities around. You have access to everything in the flat. I work in the tourism business so any question or anything you want to organise, don't hesitate to contact me during your stay. I like to welcome my guest on arrival and on departure. And always available on the phone! Safe and very parisian area with bakeries, fromagerie and all food speciality down the street. Lots of nice restaurants and cafés around. The Eiffel Tower is 5 min walk and all the touristic attractions can be reach in about 20 min. Metro 6 at 75m. Métro 10 & 8 less than 5 min. RER C - 7min For the smokers, please on the balcony...?!
10869		Charmant studio idéal pour un séjour afin de découvrir la plus belle ville du monde. Situe dans le 15eme arrondissement à 2 minutes de Montparnasse 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel  15 minutes des Champs Elysées et 25 de Montmartre en transport.  Plan de métro à disposition dans l'appartement Les voyageurs auront le droit d’utiliser toutes les pièces de l'appartement Quartier Calme et Résidentiel à 10 minutes en métro de la Tour Eiffel Accès Metro Pasteur Ligne 6 et 12
10870	I live in a beautiful and large house in the 15th district with a private garden in a private condominium.	This room occupies the whole second floor of my house.  There is one single bed , a desk and chair,  an armchair , a commode and a table.  There are baskets and a rack to hang clothes.  A futton can accommodate a 2nd person if required.
10871	The bedrooms overlook a  bright and quiet courtyard, they are composed of double beds. The entrance leads to the large living room, equipped with a set of leather sofas and a click Clack (sleeping for 2). A 82 cm-flat screen TV , a  Blu-Ray - DVD and WIFI internet access  are at your disposal. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, induction, microwaves, refrigerator, washing machine, dishwasher, cellar wines, coffee maker, kettle, toaster breads... and all the equipment necessary to enable you to cook nicely). Our bathroom is equipped with a bathtub. Access to the building is secured by electronic key.	Superb apartment of 70 m² on the 5th floor of a 6 storey building with elevator. It has 2 bedrooms and a closed parking. Located close to the Parc des Expositions, this flat should be as well  for business (exhibitors) as for tourism in Paris. The bedrooms overlook a  bright and quiet courtyard, they are composed of double beds. The entrance leads to the large living room, equipped with a set of leather sofas and a click Clack (sleeping for 2). A 82 cm-flat screen TV , a  Blu-Ray - DVD and WIFI internet access  are at your disposal. The kitchen is fully equipped (oven, induction, microwaves, refrigerator, washing machine, dishwasher, cellar wines, coffee maker, kettle, toaster breads... and all the equipment necessary to enable you to cook nicely). Our bathroom is equipped with a bathtub. Access to the building is secured by electronic key. Has all the amenities and equipment on-site. Visitors can use everything that is made available for breakfast and cooking provided you replace ever
10872		I rent a 50 m2  apartment, 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. It's a cute, quiet  and full-equipped place near famous parisian monuments. I will host you and give you all advices you need.  Now you can enjoy your trip!
10873	"Ce studio spacieux (35m²), refait à neuf et entièrement privé se compose d'un(e): - Cuisine équipée : plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, grille pain, bouilloire, grand réfrigérateur, congélateur - Pièce de séjour avec un grand canapé très confortable ! Télévision HD, Internet et WiFi. - Coin chambre avec grand lit (160x200cm). - Long balcon avec vue sur le parc Georges Brassens et la basilique du Sacré-Coeur - Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver - WC séparés Quartier calme en soirée et vivant en journée avec de nombreux commerces dans les rues voisines : bars à vins et quelques excellents restaurants français, deux supermarchés, plusieurs boulangeries/pâtisseries, cavistes, marchés 3 fois par semaine. Les fous de littérature pourront découvrir le marché du livre ancien et d'occasion qui se tient les week-ends au Parc Georges Brassens. Ceux qui aiment marcher pourront se promener sur la ""petite ceinture"" (ancienne ligne de chemin de fer parisienne). Tour Montparnasse à 2"	"Ce studio spacieux (35m²), refait à neuf et entièrement privé se compose d'un(e): - Cuisine équipée : plaques électriques, four/micro-ondes, grille pain, bouilloire, grand réfrigérateur, congélateur - Pièce de séjour avec un grand canapé très confortable ! Télévision HD, Internet et WiFi. - Coin chambre avec grand lit (160x200cm). - Long balcon avec vue sur le parc Georges Brassens et la basilique du Sacré-Coeur - Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver - WC séparés Quartier calme en soirée et vivant en journée avec de nombreux commerces dans les rues voisines : bars à vins et quelques excellents restaurants français, deux supermarchés, plusieurs boulangeries/pâtisseries, cavistes, marchés 3 fois par semaine. Les fous de littérature pourront découvrir le marché du livre ancien et d'occasion qui se tient les week-ends au Parc Georges Brassens. Ceux qui aiment marcher pourront se promener sur la ""petite ceinture"" (ancienne ligne de chemin de fer parisienne). Tour Montparnasse à 2"
10874	"THE FLAT: This lovely 1 bedroom appartment for 4 people (A  convertible sofa in a king size bed for 2 in the living room & 1 real king size bed in the bedroom) is perfect for you..  The Eiffel tower is 15min walking Beautiful Parisian XIX years bulding,35 m² flat Living room & furnished kitchen  Quiet bedroom over courtyard Wooden floor No elevator (3rd floor) High speed internet GREAT LOCATION : Close to 3 metro station lines! (1min from « Sevres Lecourbe » metro station)  Also close to Montparnasse Station  See you soon! :) THE NEIGHBORHOOD :  Lovely flat in the heart of Paris with typical french brasseries, bageries, fresh market, fashion shops and romantic restaurants! FROM THE AIRPORT: Easy to come from the Orly Airport (3 ways): 25 by bus  30 min by train (RER B until ""Denfert Rochereau"" + metro line 6 until ""Sevres Lecourbe"" Taxi = arround 40€ Easy to come from Roissy Airport : 50min train (RER B until ""Les Halles"" + metro 4 until Montparnasse + line 6 until ""Sevres Lecourbes"") "	"THE FLAT: This lovely 1 bedroom appartment for 4 people (A  convertible sofa in a king size bed for 2 in the living room & 1 real king size bed in the bedroom) is perfect for you..  The Eiffel tower is 15min walking Beautiful Parisian XIX years bulding,35 m² flat Living room & furnished kitchen  Quiet bedroom over courtyard Wooden floor No elevator (3rd floor) High speed internet GREAT LOCATION : Close to 3 metro station lines! (1min from « Sevres Lecourbe » metro station)  Also close to Montparnasse Station  See you soon! :) THE NEIGHBORHOOD :  Lovely flat in the heart of Paris with typical french brasseries, bageries, fresh market, fashion shops and romantic restaurants! FROM THE AIRPORT: Easy to come from the Orly Airport (3 ways): 25 by bus  30 min by train (RER B until ""Denfert Rochereau"" + metro line 6 until ""Sevres Lecourbe"" Taxi = arround 40€ Easy to come from Roissy Airport : 50min train (RER B until ""Les Halles"" + metro 4 until Montparnasse + line 6 until ""Sevres Lecourbes"") "
10875	Lovely appartment in the 15e arrondissement of Paris for 2-4 people. The two beds (in two seperate rooms) can fit each 2 people  (about 150cm (5ft) width) . An extra mattress can be provided if needed. The appartment is about 55m2 (600ft2), has 2 bedrooms and a salon, kitchen and seperate bathroom. Linen and towels are provided. (Bring your own shampoo!) The appartment is on the 3rd floor (european 0 is the floor on street level). There is an elevator. The kitchen is quite basic (hotplates, watercooker, no oven, no microwave) as I don't cook much and mostly go out for eating. It is a very old building with doors, windows and decoration of the era. Spacious, light, close to metro, train station, shopping and cinemas. Close to St Germain laundry provided *i just got some brand new kitchen equipment: watercooker, pans, pot and dishes and glasses* Let me know if you have questions. For shorter/ spontaneous bookings also send a request	Lovely appartment in the 15e arrondissement of Paris for 2-4 people. The two beds (in two seperate rooms) can fit each 2 people  (about 150cm (5ft) width) . An extra mattress can be provided if needed. The appartment is about 55m2 (600ft2), has 2 bedrooms and a salon, kitchen and seperate bathroom. Linen and towels are provided. (Bring your own shampoo!) The appartment is on the 3rd floor (european 0 is the floor on street level). There is an elevator. The kitchen is quite basic (hotplates, watercooker, no oven, no microwave) as I don't cook much and mostly go out for eating. It is a very old building with doors, windows and decoration of the era. Spacious, light, close to metro, train station, shopping and cinemas. Close to St Germain laundry provided *i just got some brand new kitchen equipment: watercooker, pans, pot and dishes and glasses* Let me know if you have questions. For shorter/ spontaneous bookings also send a request The old artists quartier of montparnasse still offers b
10876	Logement spacieux agréable qui laisse pénétrer la lumière. Calme au coeur de Paris avec une vue sur jardin intérieur. Métro au pied de l'appartement qui est très bien desservie. Tout confort et design. Boulevard donnant sur la Tour Eiffel. 	Un superbe et spacieux 70m2 idéalement placé dans Paris proche Tour Eiffel/Montparnass/Invalide dans un immeuble moderne. Métro au pied de la maison ligne (6 et 12). Commerce de proximité. Calme et chaleureux avec vue sur jardin. Tout équipé.  Logement spacieux agréable qui laisse pénétrer la lumière. Calme au coeur de Paris avec une vue sur jardin intérieur. Métro au pied de l'appartement qui est très bien desservie. Tout confort et design. Boulevard donnant sur la Tour Eiffel. Accès à l'ensemble du logement Proche de tout commerce De l'aéroport les cars Air France déposent à 5 min à pied de la maison. En métro  En bus En taxi 
10877		Appartement dans un quartier calme. SdB propre. Salon avec un canapé-lit. Wifi. Gare Montparnasse à 12 minutes à pied. Boulangerie, pharmacie, épicerie, métro à proximité.
10878	2 rooms of 31 m2 in the 15th district, 20 meters from Geroges Brassens Park. 6th floor, lift. Charming and very bright. Wooden floors and fireplaces. Living room and kitchen overlooking the garden. Peaceful and green. House on the south side of street. Shower and separate toilet. Double glazing. At 600 meters from the Metro Convention Many bus lines Tramway station Georges Brassens. District both lively and quiet. Street market of the Convention 3 times a week. Many shops, bars and restaurants on the edge of the park and around. To see: - House of Georges Brassens in the rue Santos Dumont and the entire lane - Market ancient books every Saturday and Sunday - The Hive, city of artists, founded by Alfred Boucher	2 rooms of 31 m2 in the 15th district, 20 meters from Geroges Brassens Park. 6th floor, lift. Charming and very bright. Wooden floors and fireplaces. Living room and kitchen overlooking the garden. Peaceful and green. House on the south side of street. Shower and separate toilet. Double glazing. At 600 meters from the Metro Convention Many bus lines Tramway station Georges Brassens. District both lively and quiet. Street market of the Convention 3 times a week. Many shops, bars and restaurants on the edge of the park and around. To see: - House of Georges Brassens in the rue Santos Dumont and the entire lane - Market ancient books every Saturday and Sunday - The Hive, city of artists, founded by Alfred Boucher
10879	Idéalement situé à 5 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et à 900m du centre Beaugrenelle, notre appartement de 50m² est très agréable à vivre, lumineux, avec 3 mètres de hauteur de plafond, moulures et plancher. C'est un appartement parisien typique dans un immeuble très silencieux en pierre de taille datant de 1907. Il possède des petits balcons à chaque fenêtre.  La chambre principale est équipée d'un lit double (160x200) et d’un téléviseur 80 cm.  Un lit d'enfant à barreau et une table à langer sont dans la 2e chambre. La salle de bain, située à côté de cette chambre est dotée d'une baignoire et nous mettons le sèche-cheveux à disposition des locataires.  La cuisine est spacieuse et toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, blender pour smoothies, presse-agrumes, grille pain, micro-onde, cafetière Nespresso, four, réfrigérateur et congélateur). Le salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible en lit (140). Chaîne hifi (cd, radio, port usb, iPhone, iPod) et accès internet Wifi 	Appartement typique parisien, tout équipé et idéalement situé à 800m de la Tour Eiffel. Parfait pour 2 adultes et 2 jeunes enfants Idéalement situé à 5 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et à 900m du centre Beaugrenelle, notre appartement de 50m² est très agréable à vivre, lumineux, avec 3 mètres de hauteur de plafond, moulures et plancher. C'est un appartement parisien typique dans un immeuble très silencieux en pierre de taille datant de 1907. Il possède des petits balcons à chaque fenêtre.  La chambre principale est équipée d'un lit double (160x200) et d’un téléviseur 80 cm.  Un lit d'enfant à barreau et une table à langer sont dans la 2e chambre. La salle de bain, située à côté de cette chambre est dotée d'une baignoire et nous mettons le sèche-cheveux à disposition des locataires.  La cuisine est spacieuse et toute équipée (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, blender pour smoothies, presse-agrumes, grille pain, micro-onde, cafetière Nespresso, four, réfrigérateur et congélateur)
10880	The 55 m2 living-room is very lightly and quite, as the 15 m2 terrasse where it's a great pleasure to have dinner. The 2 rooms are spacious and each of them has its own bathroom. The dining-room can welcome 6 to 8 persons. From all the windows, views on Paris are impressive.	A wonderful apartment totally renovated in 2012 and situated in a typically parisian area. This flat can welcome 4 persons, it has a large terrasse. At the last floor of the building, with a great view on Paris! The 55 m2 living-room is very lightly and quite, as the 15 m2 terrasse where it's a great pleasure to have dinner. The 2 rooms are spacious and each of them has its own bathroom. The dining-room can welcome 6 to 8 persons. From all the windows, views on Paris are impressive. Guests will access to all the apartment, except 2 wardrobes where the owner will let her personal objects. The building is situated in the 15th district of Paris, known as a quite and cosmopolite area. Many touristic sites are close from the apartment (statue de la Liberté, Maison de la Radio, Tour Eiffel, Champ de Mars, Invalides, Quais de Seine...) and many shops are just a few metters from the building (supermarkets, bakeries, banks...). Public transports are also very close to the building (subway, buse
10881	The Bateau Simpatico offers a luxuriously spacious and comfortable holiday home on an authentic Town Houseboat in the heart of Paris.  Fully equipped and traditionally finished accommodations in a delightfully romantic setting for visitors seeking something truly exceptional during their séjour in the City of Light.  Moored next to the Eiffel Tower away from the traffic and agitation of the street, since the early seventies the Simpatico has been welcoming world travelers and leaving no one indifferent to the charms and romance of living on the river.   Please enquire for availability.	The Bateau Simpatico offers a luxuriously spacious and comfortable holiday home on an authentic Town Houseboat in the heart of Paris.  Fully equipped and traditionally finished accommodations in a delightfully romantic setting for visitors seeking something truly exceptional during their séjour in the City of Light.  Moored next to the Eiffel Tower away from the traffic and agitation of the street, since the early seventies the Simpatico has been welcoming world travelers and leaving no one indifferent to the charms and romance of living on the river.   Please enquire for availability. Our minimum stay is for three nights.
10882	Logement coquet  avec une belle distribution des pièces. Refait à neuf dernièrement.  Equipement soigné avec tout le nécessaire. Linge de maison fourni. 	2 p. 4ème étage avec asc.sur cour au calme. Entrée, cuisine séparée, salon-séjour, chambre (lit 140x190) avec bureau, s. de bains avec l.linge et 2 dressings. Location non fumeur, proche commerces métro et bus. Forfait ménage possible pdt  séjour. Logement coquet  avec une belle distribution des pièces. Refait à neuf dernièrement.  Equipement soigné avec tout le nécessaire. Linge de maison fourni. Télévision,box fibre, Internet,téléphone fixes illimités, radio CD  Echanges rapides par mail. Confirmation immédiate.  Je connais très bien le quartier car y habite depuis longtemps, bonnes adresses à recommander.  Je reste à votre écoute, n'hésitez pas à poser des questions. Accueil personnalisé. The owner speaks english and some german. Quartier animé en semaine,proche Institut Pasteur, écoles, conservatoire de musique. Commerces à proximité, petites et grandes surfaces,presse, pharmacie,restaurants, banque...  Très  facile d'accès, 15 mn à pied gare Montparnasse, Métro Volontaires (ligne 
10883	Quiet, safe and family area.  For a parisian life quiet and elegant, and close to most of the popular areas. Subway Line8: lourmel (5mn)  Subway Line12: porte de versailles (5mn)  Station autolib (0mn)  Bus	20 minutes walk from eiffel tower, and many other attractions a fully furnished - typically parisian appartment for 1 to 4 persons  Quiet, safe and family area.  For a parisian life quiet and elegant, and close to most of the popular areas. Subway Line8: lourmel (5mn)  Subway Line12: porte de versailles (5mn)  Station autolib (0mn)  Bus
10884	"My flat is in the heart of Paris (South West Zone), in the 15è arrondissement, in an attractive neighborhood (15' foot from the Eiffel Tower) ; very quiet and in a typically Parisian ""dressed stone"" building (ceiling moldings, original hardwood floor) of the early last century. The location is ideal within many quality food shops. My apartment is roomy, with a total area of 90 m², 6th floor with elevator and has 3 bedrooms Eiffel vue including :  - a living room with a large sofa bed , - a fully equipped and very functional kitchen with dining area,  . - 3 bedrooms with each 2 beds 90x190 ; - 1 bathroom with washing machine. Children's rooms are filled with games, playing cards, comics, etc.  It is close to the Eiffel tower : 10-min by underground or 20-min-walk. "	"My flat is in the heart of Paris, in the 15è arrondissement, in an attractive neighborhood ; very quiet and in a typically Parisian ""dressed stone"" building the early last century. The location is ideal within many quality food shop. My flat is in the heart of Paris (South West Zone), in the 15è arrondissement, in an attractive neighborhood (15' foot from the Eiffel Tower) ; very quiet and in a typically Parisian ""dressed stone"" building (ceiling moldings, original hardwood floor) of the early last century. The location is ideal within many quality food shops. My apartment is roomy, with a total area of 90 m², 6th floor with elevator and has 3 bedrooms Eiffel vue including :  - a living room with a large sofa bed , - a fully equipped and very functional kitchen with dining area,  . - 3 bedrooms with each 2 beds 90x190 ; - 1 bathroom with washing machine. Children's rooms are filled with games, playing cards, comics, etc.  It is close to the Eiffel tower : 10-min by underground or 20-mi"
10885	Ideally located, 300m from eiffel tower and 50m from Bir Hakeim Subway. Beau-grennelle shop center (cinema, shop, restaurants.. ) at 300m. 	Bel appartement rénové dans immeuble ancien, à 300m de la Tour Eiffel, 50m des quai de Seine et 50m de la Station de Metro Bir Hakeim. Ideally located, 300m from eiffel tower and 50m from Bir Hakeim Subway. Beau-grennelle shop center (cinema, shop, restaurants.. ) at 300m.
10886	"3rd floor - 35 square meters. Comfortable and convenient appartment. Bedroom (double bed), living room (couch, table, desk), bathroom, toilets (seperated from the bathroom), kitchen, internet.I also have a mattress if you want to book for three persons.  This appartment has been recently repainted, the furniture is new and the kitchen is fully equipped. The living room and the bedroom overlook a courtyard and are oriented south so it is luminous. There is public wifi.  The neighborhood (15ème arrondissement) is peaceful. Very close to the apartment, there are a lot of supermarkets, grocery stores, bakeries etc. At 5 minutes walk, there is the ""rue du commerce"" with lots of bars and shops. There is also a park on the other side of the street.  The location is also very convenient : 150 meters from the station Felix Faure (line 8, direct to station Concorde in 15 minutes) or 10 minutes walk to the line 10 (direct to Odeon). Only 20-25 minutes in metro to the Champs Elysees or the Eiffel "	"3rd floor - 35 square meters. Comfortable and convenient appartment. Bedroom (double bed), living room (couch, table, desk), bathroom, toilets (seperated from the bathroom), kitchen, internet.I also have a mattress if you want to book for three persons.  This appartment has been recently repainted, the furniture is new and the kitchen is fully equipped. The living room and the bedroom overlook a courtyard and are oriented south so it is luminous. There is public wifi.  The neighborhood (15ème arrondissement) is peaceful. Very close to the apartment, there are a lot of supermarkets, grocery stores, bakeries etc. At 5 minutes walk, there is the ""rue du commerce"" with lots of bars and shops. There is also a park on the other side of the street.  The location is also very convenient : 150 meters from the station Felix Faure (line 8, direct to station Concorde in 15 minutes) or 10 minutes walk to the line 10 (direct to Odeon). Only 20-25 minutes in metro to the Champs Elysees or the Eiffel "
10887	Our apartment is situated in a safe and quiet neighborhood of the 15th arrondissement and is 5 minutes walk from the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles. It is in the first-floor (with elevator) of a new building and has all equipments you need : a double bed, seating area, bathroom and seperated fully equipped kitchen. You can also enjoy free usage of wifi and TV.	Our apartment is situated in a safe and quiet neighborhood of the 15th arrondissement and is 5 minutes walk from the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles. It is in the first-floor and has all equipments you need:double bed,seating area,bathroom and kitchen Our apartment is situated in a safe and quiet neighborhood of the 15th arrondissement and is 5 minutes walk from the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles. It is in the first-floor (with elevator) of a new building and has all equipments you need : a double bed, seating area, bathroom and seperated fully equipped kitchen. You can also enjoy free usage of wifi and TV. Equipements : A big closet in the entrance.  Big room with a queen size bed (180/200 cm) wide flat screen TV with more than 150 french and international channels desk that you can use to do your work and write your postcards.  sofa, Table separated kitchen with fridge, oven, microwave electric kettle,nespresso machine and washing machine. Bathroom with bath and toilet We are usually 
10888	Paris, the city of lights, is a city full of wonder, exploration and pleasure.  Our bright one bedroom apartment is located just five minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine.  See yourself looking out from your balcony, taking in the view.  Enjoy a glass of wine or a cup of coffee while city life unfolds below and your perfect Paris day comes to an end while evening begins.  Our flat is perfect for a single person, couple or small family and we have hosted travelers of every age.  The yellow flat sleeps 4 comfortably.  It is sunny and bright with floor to ceiling windows in the bedroom and living room that look out at the Paris skyline.  It has a separate bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom and balcony.  It is 400 square feet in size with plenty of closets and storage space.  It is clean and cheerful. The yellow flat is located at the top of the Champ De Mars a block from the Boulevard Suffren located at the edge of the 7th district (click on the map box to your left for t	Bright, sunny and secure with AC, the perfect apartment for your trip. Walk to the Eiffel Tower or take a run in the Champ De Mars.  Easy access to transport, shops and restaurants. Cheerful and very functional, your home away from home in Paris. Paris, the city of lights, is a city full of wonder, exploration and pleasure.  Our bright one bedroom apartment is located just five minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine.  See yourself looking out from your balcony, taking in the view.  Enjoy a glass of wine or a cup of coffee while city life unfolds below and your perfect Paris day comes to an end while evening begins.  Our flat is perfect for a single person, couple or small family and we have hosted travelers of every age.  The yellow flat sleeps 4 comfortably.  It is sunny and bright with floor to ceiling windows in the bedroom and living room that look out at the Paris skyline.  It has a separate bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom and balcony.  It is 400 square feet in s
10889		Charming studio located in the heart of Paris.  Very calm and safe area, yet animated with many restaurants. Metro Line 13, 12, nearby.  Free WIFI access.
10890	This 3 rooms flat has been recently renovated and is equiped with high end household appliances. It is on the 7th floor of a modern building with elevator and central heating.  It offers a panoramic view on Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower in the background. It is ideally situated: 5 minutes walk from Boucicaut metro station (line 8) which leads you directly to Concorde, Opéra or Bastille or 7 minutes from Convention metro station (line 12) that allows you to travel without changing to Pigalle or Montmartre, going by Montparnasse.  Nearby, there is also a Velib Station (Paris public bike renting system), 2 min and an Autolib (Paris electric car renting system), 10 min. This flat is also very near (11 min walk) from the Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles where major professional fairs and exhibitions are organized. If you wish to relax after visiting Paris, there is a flat screen TV + unlimited WiFi access at your disposal. The bathroom is equipped with a shower stall and is	Light 3 rooms flat recently renovated with views on the Eiffel Tower close to Paris Expo Porte de Versailles (- 15 min walk). This 3 rooms flat has been recently renovated and is equiped with high end household appliances. It is on the 7th floor of a modern building with elevator and central heating.  It offers a panoramic view on Paris roofs and the Eiffel Tower in the background. It is ideally situated: 5 minutes walk from Boucicaut metro station (line 8) which leads you directly to Concorde, Opéra or Bastille or 7 minutes from Convention metro station (line 12) that allows you to travel without changing to Pigalle or Montmartre, going by Montparnasse.  Nearby, there is also a Velib Station (Paris public bike renting system), 2 min and an Autolib (Paris electric car renting system), 10 min. This flat is also very near (11 min walk) from the Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles where major professional fairs and exhibitions are organized. If you wish to relax after visiting 
10891	Homestays RECEIVE Man Man Only in Quiet Apartment Paris 15th metro line 8 direction Balard Felix Faure area 43 m2, 1 bed room (90x190) A person, and one double bedroom (140x190), bathroom, WC and kitchen, free WIFI, housing rent week or weekend or at night. Breakfast is included (home made jams), brasserie on the ground floor, close to the street trade, 15 minutes from the City of the 15th and the Military School, 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower 15 minutes from the exhibition center Porte de Versailles, 15 minutes from the Maison de la Radio, ideal for men in training in Paris or business traveler or a tourist visiting Male or resident student for exams. I am Trilingual French, English, Spanish. I accept the last minute reservations for the evening to 23 H. Leave a message I will guarantee a response within 10 minutes after.	Homestays RECEIVE Man Man Only in Quiet Apartment Paris 15th metro line 8 direction Balard Felix Faure area 43 m2, 1 bed room (90x190) A person, and one double bedroom (140x190), bathroom, WC and kitchen, free WIFI, housing rent week or weekend or at night. Breakfast is included (home made jams), brasserie on the ground floor, close to the street trade, 15 minutes from the City of the 15th and the Military School, 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower 15 minutes from the exhibition center Porte de Versailles, 15 minutes from the Maison de la Radio, ideal for men in training in Paris or business traveler or a tourist visiting Male or resident student for exams. I am Trilingual French, English, Spanish. I accept the last minute reservations for the evening to 23 H. Leave a message I will guarantee a response within 10 minutes after.
10892	Entrée, Salon (canapé lit), 1 chambre (2 lits simple ou Lit double), une cuisine tout équipée, salle de bain, WC indépendants. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Wifi, TV	Métro Dupleix & Charles Michel. A deux pas du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et de la Seine. 5 minutes de La Motte Piquet, 10 min à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. 12min en métro de l'Arc de Triomphe. 15 min du quartier Saint Germain. Entrée, Salon (canapé lit), 1 chambre (2 lits simple ou Lit double), une cuisine tout équipée, salle de bain, WC indépendants. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Wifi, TV
10893	Magnifique appartement de 70 m2, lumineux et agréable à vivre dans une ravissante  co-propriété calme et familiale, à 2 pas de la porte de Versailles. Entièrement refait à neuf en 2014, il se compose d'un grand salon/salle à manger de 26m2, d'une cuisine semi-ouverte toute équipée, d'une chambre parentale ( lit double, 160/200 très confortable ( Tempur Deluxe) ) ainsi que d'une chambre de nouveau né (équipee d'un canapé lit 140/190) Sdb séparée avec  toilettes et baignoire.	Notre 3 pièces situé dans un ravissant petit square à 2 minutes, à pied du parc des expositions et du métro direct pour le centre de Paris, vous séduira par son charme et son calme. Au 2eme avec ascenseur, tout équipé, vous vous y sentirez chez vous Magnifique appartement de 70 m2, lumineux et agréable à vivre dans une ravissante  co-propriété calme et familiale, à 2 pas de la porte de Versailles. Entièrement refait à neuf en 2014, il se compose d'un grand salon/salle à manger de 26m2, d'une cuisine semi-ouverte toute équipée, d'une chambre parentale ( lit double, 160/200 très confortable ( Tempur Deluxe) ) ainsi que d'une chambre de nouveau né (équipee d'un canapé lit 140/190) Sdb séparée avec  toilettes et baignoire. Réfrigérareur, congélateur, four, micro ondes, plaque de cuission, lave linge, lave vaissaille, aspirateur, fer à repasser, seche cheveux, lit parapluie, table à langer. Appartement non fumeur et animaux interdits N'hésitez pas à nous poser vos questions, nous serons rav
10894	Charming, bright 70m2 - 753ft2 apartment in a safe lively area of Paris. 4th floor, sorry no elevator. Recently renovated. Large living room with fully-equipped open kitchen, 2 bedrooms facing the quiet inner courtyard of the building (from which we smell fresh bread perfume coming from the bakery below. If you live in a city, you'll also find it very quiet), modern bathroom, separate WC. We have the privilege not to be overlooked, which is rare in Paris. Plus, we can see a part of the Eiffel Tower! Also, and this might appear like a detail, but it seems important to us : we recently decided to change the bed and mattress, in order to sleep as well as in good hotels.	Lovely apartment in a safe and lively area of Paris. 4th floor, sorry no elevator. Recently renovated. Walking distance from Eiffel Tower. Shops ans restaurants down the building, including a great bakery for fresh croissants ! Charming, bright 70m2 - 753ft2 apartment in a safe lively area of Paris. 4th floor, sorry no elevator. Recently renovated. Large living room with fully-equipped open kitchen, 2 bedrooms facing the quiet inner courtyard of the building (from which we smell fresh bread perfume coming from the bakery below. If you live in a city, you'll also find it very quiet), modern bathroom, separate WC. We have the privilege not to be overlooked, which is rare in Paris. Plus, we can see a part of the Eiffel Tower! Also, and this might appear like a detail, but it seems important to us : we recently decided to change the bed and mattress, in order to sleep as well as in good hotels. As a guest in our home, you'll have access to everything. We wish you'll feel comfortable and tr
10895		Chambre de 9m2 dans un grand appartement (tout confort) avec une terrasse e 24m2 et piscine dans l'immeuble. Le Parc Georges Brassens est à 2 pas. Métro, tram et bus à proximité Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement Le logement est à 2 pas du Parc Georges Brassens où vous pourrez retrouver le marché aux livres le week-end. Logement situé au métro Convention mais aussi desservi par le tram T3 (arrêt Georges Brassens), et les bus.
10896	Bathroom	Hello, how are you, will be a pleasure to welcome you to my house this summer. I will not be at home, but my roommate will be delighted to welcome. We are two physiotherapists and a journalist.  If you have any questions you can write smoothly. Bathroom
10897	Exposition plein sud, sans vis à vis, vue directe sur le parc des expositions. Proche transport T2, T3, M12 et bus 80.	Metro L12 Tramway T2 T3
10898	Typiquement parisien, petit appartement cosy et chaleureux, ensoleillé et calme ...et très central ! 	Typique petit appartement parisien dans un immeuble haussmannien. Orienté sud ouest, très lumineux, parquet, moulures, petit balcon parisien dans une rue très calme.....Proche de Montparnasse, dans un quartier animé avec restaurants et magasins.  Typiquement parisien, petit appartement cosy et chaleureux, ensoleillé et calme ...et très central ! Machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, Cafetière ..... Je vous accueille à votre arrivée et viendrai récupérer les clés à votre départ. Je mets à votre disposition des plans de paris, de métro .... Un quartier animé, avec restaurants, cafés, marché le dimanche et magasins Métro CONVENTION (L12) à 10 minutes de montparnasse. Bus 39 - direct st germain des prés, Le Louvre, Les Halles.... Bus 42 - Direct La tour Eiffel, Les Champs Elysées .... 4ème étage sans ascenseur. 1 chambre avec 1 lit 160x200 + 1 canapé-lit dans le salon (120x190)
10899	Grand appartement, parfaitement agencé 	"Located in a quiet neighborhood close to all amenities this big flat is perfect for friends or families willing to discover the city. English speaking guests, we are kind to respond all your questions about Paris, the flat or anything your wondering about The eiffel tower is 20mn walking away from the appartment and public transportation can bring you to every ""must see"" of Paris in less than 30 minutes. From Aéroport Charles de Gaulle : Take the RER B, change at Saint-Michel Notre Dame and take the metro line 10 until Charles Michels (1 hour) From Aéroport d'Orly : Join Denfert Rochereau by RER B of Bus and take the metro line 6 until La motte piquet Grenelle and then the metro line 10 until Charles Michels (1 hour) Easy Acces from the train stations, we can explain after the reservation depending the station of arrival."
10900		Beau T2 cosy 4 personnes  Métro/tram à 100m Porte de Vanves 5 min en voiture de Montparnasse Parquet ancien, moulures Entrée, cuisine, salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, chambre lit 2 personnes (lit bb dispo), wc séparé et SdB baignoire d'angle. Parking facile autour Tous commerces à pied Wifi Métro Tram Bus TGV à 5 min Dispo du 2 août au 16 août 3 nuits minimum
10901		50 m² flat. 3 min walk to the Eiffel Tower. 1 bedroom, 3 to 4 people thanks to 2 extra beds. Well insulated, spacious, clean and located in a modern and secured residence. Subway lines: 6, 8, 10 Two nights minimum The apartment is close to Dupleix (3 min walking) and La Motte Piquet Grenelle (7 min walking) stations. You then have a direct access to metro-lines 6, 8 and 10. We highly recommend you to use the Citymapper app that will help you traveling in Paris using the public transportation system ! You will find here under some advices to reach the apartment from the 2 main airports : From Orly Airport : - You can take the Orlybus to Denfert-Rochereau station, and then change for the metro-line 6 to Etoile. Leave the metro at Dupleix station and then you just have to walk 3 minutes to reach the apartment (almost 45 min and 10€). - You can instead take the Orlyval to Antony, then take the RER B to Paris and change in Denfert-Rochereau station. You can then follow the same steps as exp
10902		Appartement de 2 pièces agréable et spacieux (50m2). Grand salon avec une belle cuisine américaine équipée.  Une chambre, salle de bain avec baignoire.  A 2 mn du métro Lourmel, vous retrouvez le  Champs de Mars en 4 stations. Commerces alentours.
10903	Grand appartement lumineux et calme de style haussmannien avec moulure au plafond. Entièrement refait à neuf. Parquet en parfaite état.  	Bel appartement lumineux et très calme . Une chambre avec un lit 2 places et un salon avec un canapé. Bien placé avec de nombreux cafés, restaurants, bars à proximité. Proche tout transport lignes 12, 8 et T2 Idéal pour couple. Grand appartement lumineux et calme de style haussmannien avec moulure au plafond. Entièrement refait à neuf. Parquet en parfaite état. 1er étage avec ascenseur.  Double portes avec badge et digicode. Salle de bain privée. Je serai présent leur de votre voyage pour vous apporter toutes aides nécessaire. Le quartier est calme et proche du centre grâce aux transports faciles d'accès. Un peu plus loin vous trouverez des rue avec beaucoup de vie. Juste à 100m de la petite couronne du 15eme idéal pour ce balader. Beaucoup de commerces de proximité. Metro : 12, 8. A 1 mn du parc des expos de la porte de Versailles.  Tous les grands monuments parisiens sont faciles d'accès grâce à la ligne 12
10904	entire apartment 2 bed room 75m², 5th floor in a charming and ancient building of 18th century, very luminous & sunny unique location, near Champ de Mars & Eiffel Tower  Close to Station La Motte Picquet - Subway line 6 & 10	entire apartment 2 bed room 75m², 5th floor in a charming and ancient building of 18th century, very luminous & sunny entire apartment 2 bed room 75m², 5th floor in a charming and ancient building of 18th century, very luminous & sunny unique location, near Champ de Mars & Eiffel Tower  Close to Station La Motte Picquet - Subway line 6 & 10 Close to Station La Motte Picquet - Subway line 6 & 10
10905	Lovely flat in the 15th of Paris with a small private garden to have coffee in the morning. The flat is very calm, located at the ground floor which implies not much light but very cool atmosphere, very enjoyable in Paris summer heat. It is not very new but clean and charming. There is one bedroom with a double bed and one living room, one large kitchen, small bathroom and separate WC.	Lovely 1-bedroom (double bed: up to 2 ppl)+ 1 living room flat located in the 15th of Paris, walking distance to Eiffel tower (25 mins), ground floor (moderate light but cool great for the hot summer), small private terrace, calm. Min stay 5 nights. Lovely flat in the 15th of Paris with a small private garden to have coffee in the morning. The flat is very calm, located at the ground floor which implies not much light but very cool atmosphere, very enjoyable in Paris summer heat. It is not very new but clean and charming. There is one bedroom with a double bed and one living room, one large kitchen, small bathroom and separate WC. You will have access to the wireless internet, cable (small) TV, kitchen with dishwasher, bathroom with shampoo/shower gel if needed... any specific needs you can ask, I will do my best to find it! Calm neighborhood, walking distance from Eiffel Tower (2km from Champ de Mars), Invalides (2km), Gare Montparnasse (1.5km), rue du Commerce (1.5km). 2 metro lines 
10906		Located in the 15th district of Paris between  Porte de Versailles and Métro Convention a studio of 27m2 fully renovated with separated leaving room, bath, kitchen and restroom. 5 min walk from public garden and Parc des Expositions de Paris         Nice and quiet neighborhood in Paris directly connected to his center.  The studio is easily accessible by Metro (Line 12 - 7min walk), Tramway (T3 - 5 min walk) or Bus (Line 89 - 5 min walk).
10907	Come stay in this beautiful designer apartment. Shopping, dining and nightlife abounds. This space truly feels like home. Great light, large kitchen and dining room, and design details make this apartment one of a kind. There are 1 queen bed plus a queen sofa. 	A 15-minutes walk from Eiffel tower, Vaugirard appartment offers accomodation with TV, DVD and free Wi-Fi acces. The appartment features a living room with a sofa, dining table. The kitchen includes microwave, fridge, hoven 4 min metro Vaugirard. Come stay in this beautiful designer apartment. Shopping, dining and nightlife abounds. This space truly feels like home. Great light, large kitchen and dining room, and design details make this apartment one of a kind. There are 1 queen bed plus a queen sofa.  One block away from Eiffel Tower, where French Bakery shops and awesome traditional Brasseries have brought renewed life and energy into the neighborhood.  This is truly an awesome location! A 5 min walk takes you to the metro station / bus station / bike service of Paris.  A 15 min walk to Eiffel Tower, Rodin Museum and Montparnasse Tower.  Train to Orly airport (45 min)  Train to Charles de Gaulle airport (50 min)  Train and bus to Beauvais Airport (1H30) .  Many bus at Vaugirard are 
10908	Accès cours intérieure privative directement à partir de l'appartement.	Très bel appartement parisien décoré avec goût, entièrement refait à neuf et propre. Le parquet en chêne, le mobilier moderne, le véritable lit deux places, la cuisine équipée et la salle de bain fonctionnelle participent à l'atmosphère cosy et confortable de cet agréable T1 dans une rue très calme. Proche commerces (Casino à 20m, Galerie Lafayette) et transports (Metro Pasteur, Gare Montparnasse 5mn) La configuration de l'appartement permet d'accueillir confortablement de 2 à 4 personne. Accès cours intérieure privative directement à partir de l'(website hidden) Bouilloire et thé à disposition  Sèche-cheveux  Serviettes de bain fournies Fer et table à repasser Cuisine toute équipée Ustensile de cuisine + Vaisselle et set de table Le contact avec les voyageurs s'effectue via la plateforme Airbnb ou par téléphone. Agréable quartier à la fois calme et animé, proche de toutes commodités (boulangerie en face de l'immeuble, brasseries, restaurants, restauration rapide, bars, épicerie, ciném
10909	Il s'agit d'une petite maison au cœur de Paris !	Petite maison sur trois niveaux dans une cour d'immeuble à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel. Tout récemment rénovée, elle comporte une cuisine américaine/salle à mangée au RDC, chambre/salle de bain au 1er étage et salon mezzanine sous les toits au 2nd. Il s'agit d'une petite maison au cœur de Paris ! Cuisine toute équipée, Salon avec TV, Internet... La Tour Eiffel, le Champs de Mars à 5 minutes, le métro en bas de la maison, les commerces à proximité, les restaurants dans le coin et la vie de quartier ! On peut également se rendre sur la place de l'Etoile et les Champs Elysée en 15 minutes en métro.  Nous ne sommes pas loin non plus des Invalides. Metro ligne 10/6/8
10910	I propose to stay in a beautiful room of a Haussmann building with a very comfortable sofa for two places - dream insured! Apartment located on the 5th floor without elevator in a typical Parisian building. Near metro station, many restaurant/cafe and shops :) A large TV is available in the room. Wifi broadband connection and a computer available.  Access to the bathroom, kitchen, office which also serves dining and dressing.  Facilities: towels, sheets and pillows  for breakfast: tea / instant coffee with brioche, jam etc.  Do not hesitate to contact me with any questions. See you soon, Emmanuel	Locateg very close to the metro station La motte Picquet Grenelle, you will be welcome in in a room - charming, nice and convenient. I share with my room-mate Théo this 3 room-apartment.  You can use my kitchen & wifi included.Towel provided. I propose to stay in a beautiful room of a Haussmann building with a very comfortable sofa for two places - dream insured! Apartment located on the 5th floor without elevator in a typical Parisian building. Near metro station, many restaurant/cafe and shops :) A large TV is available in the room. Wifi broadband connection and a computer available.  Access to the bathroom, kitchen, office which also serves dining and dressing.  Facilities: towels, sheets and pillows  for breakfast: tea / instant coffee with brioche, jam etc.  Do not hesitate to contact me with any questions. See you soon, Emmanuel Digicode + 1 key No elevator. 5th floor.  Working week, available in the evening and / or weekend. Can also give you useful addresses and places to visit
10911	Haussmanian building, large flat with all comfort, .	"Large and gracious flat, bow windows, all comfort Access to the whole flat Easy accessibility to all sights and attractions - Metro stop and numerous bus routes are 2-3 blocks away. A patisserie in the same building and 2-3 more within a 2 block radius. Super easy access to trains, via Montparnasse Train Station - makes a day trip out of the city to Versailles very easy, or going to west and south west of France. Apartment is very spacious with 3 bedrooms. While no air conditioning, very nice cross ventilation, so not a big concern. Tube Pasteur and Montparnasse 4, 6, 12, 13 buses nearby :  95 (to the Louvres), 96 (towards le ""Marais"" old center of Paris), 91 ((to Gare de Lyon), 88 (to Denfert Rochereau..) Bus stop Air France n° 4 Montparnasse from and to Orly and Roissy-Charles de Gaulle"
10912	"Hello ! I live in the 15th ""arrondissement"" in Paris, ideally located (near Invalides, Montparnasse, etc.) I live with one girl and one boy, we all have between 24 and 27. We all love travelling and sharing so AirBnb is a really good stuff for us. Hope you come and visit, Cheers Cristian"	"Hi there, I am offering my room in my lovely flat! The flat is ideally situated on the Left Bank of Paris, not very far from mai attractions in Paris (Montparnasse, Invalides, etc.). I am living with two charming flatmates who will help yo Hello ! I live in the 15th ""arrondissement"" in Paris, ideally located (near Invalides, Montparnasse, etc.) I live with one girl and one boy, we all have between 24 and 27. We all love travelling and sharing so AirBnb is a really good stuff for us. Hope you come and visit, Cheers Cristian everything except from wearing my clothes ;) tube lines 12 and 6 (both less than 5 min walk)"
10913	Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING. This apartment is only a few steps away from the Eiffel Tower (100 m only from the Champ de Mars), and 5 minutes away (by metro) from the Champs Elysees, and other touristic locations. It is located on the 1st floor (American 2nd floor) of a typical Parisian building. It is just 100 meters/steps away from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower: one of the best possible locations of Paris. From this apartment, you will also be able to reach all the major touristic sites such as Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre, the St. Germain district and Saint. Michel (Notre Dame), and even the Palace of Versailles, within a few minutes! You will also be a close to the Rue Cler Market, which you might have heard of (Rick Steves made it famous!) Unesco and  Australian Embassy are also in the close neighborhood... This apartment is perfect for a couple, for a family of 4. - metro Bir Hakeim or Dupleix (line 6), Eiffel Tower, just near by. 	Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING. 1BR, 100 m or steps away from the champ de mars and the Eiffel Tower.... Soooo romantic! Apartment with AIR CONDITIONNING. This apartment is only a few steps away from the Eiffel Tower (100 m only from the Champ de Mars), and 5 minutes away (by metro) from the Champs Elysees, and other touristic locations. It is located on the 1st floor (American 2nd floor) of a typical Parisian building. It is just 100 meters/steps away from the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower: one of the best possible locations of Paris. From this apartment, you will also be able to reach all the major touristic sites such as Les Champs Elysees, Les Invalides, The Orsay Museum, The Louvre, the St. Germain district and Saint. Michel (Notre Dame), and even the Palace of Versailles, within a few minutes! You will also be a close to the Rue Cler Market, which you might have heard of (Rick Steves made it famous!) Unesco and  Australian Embassy are also in the close neighborhood... This
10914		Apartment located in the 15th district between 2 metro stations (Boucicaut line 8 and Charles Michels line 10). The apartment is really close to the city center (5 in subway). The apartment is surrounded by small shops, cafes, bakeries, parks.
10915		Deux pièces moderne, bien agencé et pratique. Idéalement situé pour profiter de Paris ou pour un salon. Un matelas supplémentaire disponible si besoin ! Très pratique d'accès, à 5 minutes des lignes de métro 12 et 8, et des tramways 2 et 3. 
10916		Studio agréable a vivre dans un immeuble récent de haut standing, accueillant deux personnes. Situé dans un quartier animé a deux rue du champs de Mars. Facilement accessible par plusieurs lignes de metro et de bus. Splendide vue sur la tout Eiffel a travers une terrasse aménagée. 
10917	Le logement Spacieux, lumineux, coloré, chaleureux, cet appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble en brique et pierre du tout début du XXème siècle, et donne à la fois sur la rue Lecourbe et sur la cour arborée de la copropriété. Idéal pour une personne seule ou pour un couple, la chambre est isolée et offre toute l'intimité et le calme que l'on peut souhaiter. Vous pourrez également profiter du grand balcon pour y prendre l'apéritif, voire y dîner comme nous le faisons nous-mêmes. 	Dans un bel appartement de 136m2, avec le charme typique d'un intérieur parisien (moulures, parquets, cheminées), grande chambre (19m2) avec balcon. Le logement Spacieux, lumineux, coloré, chaleureux, cet appartement est situé dans un petit immeuble en brique et pierre du tout début du XXème siècle, et donne à la fois sur la rue Lecourbe et sur la cour arborée de la copropriété. Idéal pour une personne seule ou pour un couple, la chambre est isolée et offre toute l'intimité et le calme que l'on peut souhaiter. Vous pourrez également profiter du grand balcon pour y prendre l'apéritif, voire y dîner comme nous le faisons nous-mêmes. Accès des voyageurs Les voyageurs peuvent utiliser tous les équipements présents :  - TV (2 postes écrans plats)  - WIFI  - Console de jeu  - Chaîne HI-FI  - Stations d'accueil iPod  - Four Micro-Onde  - Four à chaleur Tournante  - Lave-vaisselle  - Nespresso  - Robot de cuisine  - Plaque de cuisson 5 feux  - Vaisselle, verres, etc...  - Lave-linge  - Sèche-l
10918	Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, 	Joli studio de 26m2 avec mezzanine, chaleureux et confortable. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (un lit double + un canapé convertible double). Situé dans un quartier agréable avec beaucoup de commerces et bars à disposition. Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes,  Accès métro ligne 12 Bus ligne 39,62,80 Accès direct à la tour Ef  Quartier convivial, avec beaucoup de petits commerces et de quoi faire du shopping ! Il y a également un marché tous les dimanches. Accès métro ligne 12 Bus ligne 39,62,80 Accès direct à la tour Eiffel (champs de mars) en bus.  
10919	Bright and cozy apartment in a typical Parisian building secured by a digital lock. You will be seduced by its charm . Functional and well heated, it consists of: entrance lounge kitchen shower and separate toilet - In the entrance a coat rack , hangers , a CO2 detector; - Main room in a nice romantic setting with a fireplace , a quick opening sofa bed upscale 2 beds 140x190 , a cozy chaise longue to play guitar ( available during the stay ), a wardrobe, a dinner table and / or work, based suitcase wIFI TV , blackout curtains ; - The kitchen is equipped with : fridge-freezer , microwave , dishwasher , hob and oven , Nespresso coffee maker, toaster , kettle, crockery is complete; - Shower with window and door towel folding drying rack ; soap shampoo available  - WC	Pleasant studio situated in 15 éme district of a quiet Parisian building near the center of Paris and porte de Versailles Bright and cozy apartment in a typical Parisian building secured by a digital lock. You will be seduced by its charm . Functional and well heated, it consists of: entrance lounge kitchen shower and separate toilet - In the entrance a coat rack , hangers , a CO2 detector; - Main room in a nice romantic setting with a fireplace , a quick opening sofa bed upscale 2 beds 140x190 , a cozy chaise longue to play guitar ( available during the stay ), a wardrobe, a dinner table and / or work, based suitcase wIFI TV , blackout curtains ; - The kitchen is equipped with : fridge-freezer , microwave , dishwasher , hob and oven , Nespresso coffee maker, toaster , kettle, crockery is complete; - Shower with window and door towel folding drying rack ; soap shampoo available  - WC The clean linen , ironed is provided ( included in price): fitted sheet, duvet cover, duvet , pillow ca
10920	The studio is 20 m2, at the 7th floor of a building without elevator. The kitchen is all equipped (hoven/micro-wave, induction plate, fridge and freezer). There is a 2 persons sofa bed and another single bed. There is toilets in the bathroom that is in the studio.  You can also enjoy the hi-fi system, and the wifi.  I changed the studio layout, please be sure you've seen all the pictures. Thanks	"Hi, I am renting  well equipped studio in the heart of Paris. From here, in 15 mn you can go to the Eiffel Tower, Montparnasse, the Invalides on foot, or ""Quartier latin"" by subway.  Subway is just at the foot of the building, so enjoy ;) The studio is 20 m2, at the 7th floor of a building without elevator. The kitchen is all equipped (hoven/micro-wave, induction plate, fridge and freezer). There is a 2 persons sofa bed and another single bed. There is toilets in the bathroom that is in the studio.  You can also enjoy the hi-fi system, and the wifi.  I changed the studio layout, please be sure you've seen all the pictures. Thanks In the studio, you can use whatever you want unless you don't damage it ;) Of course, I won't be in the studio during your visiting.  The borough is very quiet and located in the heart of Paris. From here you can access easily to every place in the city.  Métro 10 just at the foot of the building. The 6 line is 5mn away, and the 8 is 10mn away.  There is also "
10921	Mon logement est petit mais très fonctionnel. La chambre est séparée du séjour/cuisine. Les toilettes sont situés dans l'appartement. Le logement est localisé en fond de cour d'un immeuble à 2 minutes de l'activité de Montparnasse. Il est très calme et ensoleillé. 	Well arranged 2 room apartment only 50 meters from Metro and Gare Montparnasse. Quiet street in the heart of a dynamic district. Ideal for couples
10922	Welcome by the Noemie's apartment! My apartement is located in the center of Paris, in the 15th district (subway line n°12, stop: Convention). My adress is 24 rue Robert Lindet, 75015 Paris. It has a nice and luminous livingroom, with a coach on which you can sleep, for 2 people. There is an part with a table, you can eat. You have the TV and an internet wifi connection. The kitchen is fully fitted with fridge & oven. Then, you access in my bedroom, with one double bed, it has a beautiful sight with a little garden outside. My last piece is the bathroom, you can take showers and baths too!  You will feel very good in my apartment. It is very quiet & confortable. It is near of the Georges Brassens' park, you can walk and make runnings. You have the Parc des Expositions behind my logement, there are always many exhibitions, and just near of it, the Palais des sports, with shows & concerts. In my quarter, you have alimentary shops & small supermarkets. Near the park you can have nice even	Welcome by the Noemie's apartment! My apartement is located in the center of Paris, in the 15th district (subway line n°12, stop: Convention). My adress is 24 rue Robert Lindet, 75015 Paris. It has a nice and luminous livingroom, with a coach on which you can sleep, for 2 people. There is an part with a table, you can eat. You have the TV and an internet wifi connection. The kitchen is fully fitted with fridge & oven. Then, you access in my bedroom, with one double bed, it has a beautiful sight with a little garden outside. My last piece is the bathroom, you can take showers and baths too!  You will feel very good in my apartment. It is very quiet & confortable. It is near of the Georges Brassens' park, you can walk and make runnings. You have the Parc des Expositions behind my logement, there are always many exhibitions, and just near of it, the Palais des sports, with shows & concerts. In my quarter, you have alimentary shops & small supermarkets. Near the park you can have nice even
10923	Great apt, 67m2 4 persons The apartment is situated within walking distance to the Eiffel tower and the Champs de mars park, as well as many restaurants, cafés and bars. It is a safe and well located neighborhood. Close by are also supermarkets, grocers, butchers, cheese shop and wine shops, all within 2 minute walk. The closest metro stop is located a few minutes walk away allowing easy access to any corner of Paris. for example: Champs Elysees is 10 minutes, Museum d'orsay ans St germain are 15 minutes. This is a very quiet apartment at only 6 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower (rue Beatrix Dussane), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (12 min).  It's very easy to discover Paris from this location : bus, subway are very close.  It is close to rue de Lourmel and Rue de Commerce. You ' ll find a lot of shops in a typical parisian life.  French, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Lebanese and many other restaurants are within the walking distance from the flat. Tradit	Great apt, 67m2 4 persons The apartment is situated within walking distance to the Eiffel tower and the Champs de mars park, as well as many restaurants, cafés and bars. It is a safe and well located neighborhood. Close by are also supermarkets, grocers, butchers, cheese shop and wine shops, all within 2 minute walk. The closest metro stop is located a few minutes walk away allowing easy access to any corner of Paris. for example: Champs Elysees is 10 minutes, Museum d'orsay ans St germain are 15 minutes. This is a very quiet apartment at only 6 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower (rue Beatrix Dussane), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (12 min).  It's very easy to discover Paris from this location : bus, subway are very close.  It is close to rue de Lourmel and Rue de Commerce. You ' ll find a lot of shops in a typical parisian life.  French, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Lebanese and many other restaurants are within the walking distance from the flat. Tradit
10924		A comfy studio (27 square meters) on the 8th floor with a nice balcony in the area not far from the Eiffel Tower. 1 room with a separate kitchen and bathroom. The kitchen fully equipped. The washing machine available in the bathroom. 2 mins from the
10925	cosy apartment 	cosy apartment 
10926	"In the heart of Parisian village! Renovated studio located in the heart of Paris between Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, it is served by many bus lines and subway (METRO-6.8.12 and RER Line C) Our apartment is ideally located for exploring the capital with ease! You can go walking to Montparnasse / St Germain des Prés or the Champ de Mars / Tour Eiffel Invalides and Also near the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Here you can enjoy the spirit ""village"" that prevails in this typically Parisian quarter, with its multitude of shops, good restaurants and very nice cafes. Our apartment is on the nice place overall Beuret which has the advantage of being just steps away from shops (supermarkets, fishmongers, cheese, wine merchants, etc ... and a succulent gourmet bakery for (one of the best Paris) The 1-room apartment on 2nd floor for 2 people, is comfortable and functional, with a high livability. Very quiet overlooks a sunny courtyard. FULLY FURNISHED ** New ** Comfortable So"	"At the foot of the Place du Général Beuret and its fountain, my little studio, nicely decorated and very well equipped, waiting to welcome you during your stay in Paris. Taste the flavors of Parisian charm of this district in total security. In the heart of Parisian village! Renovated studio located in the heart of Paris between Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, it is served by many bus lines and subway (METRO-6.8.12 and RER Line C) Our apartment is ideally located for exploring the capital with ease! You can go walking to Montparnasse / St Germain des Prés or the Champ de Mars / Tour Eiffel Invalides and Also near the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Here you can enjoy the spirit ""village"" that prevails in this typically Parisian quarter, with its multitude of shops, good restaurants and very nice cafes. Our apartment is on the nice place overall Beuret which has the advantage of being just steps away from shops (supermarkets, fishmongers, cheese, wine merchants, etc ... "
10927		Metro : Bir-Hakeim Tour Eiffel 46m² Wifi 2 lits doubles  Cuisine avec micro-ondes, four, frigidaire... 1 salle de bain avec lave-linge, toilettes 
10928	It is a one bedroom apartment for four people with a separated bedroom, a bathroom with shower and separate toilet. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, toaster, washing machine. The kitchen is opened on the wide living that contains a coffee table  with a comfortable sofa bed . There is also a spacious balcony fitted out  (chairs and table) . A Sliding door leads to a private bedroom with a double bed, a modern bathroom, with shower and beautiful bathroom furniture. There is one seperated toilet.	Modern apartment of 50 square meters in the 15th district, is decorated with taste, there is an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower It is a one bedroom apartment for four people with a separated bedroom, a bathroom with shower and separate toilet. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, vitroceramic, coffee machine, kettle, toaster, washing machine. The kitchen is opened on the wide living that contains a coffee table  with a comfortable sofa bed . There is also a spacious balcony fitted out  (chairs and table) . A Sliding door leads to a private bedroom with a double bed, a modern bathroom, with shower and beautiful bathroom furniture. There is one seperated toilet. Very well located in the center, near to one of  the most historically rich district of Paris, is also at a few meters of Eiffel Tower. You can enjoy shops, markets rue of rue du Commerce . Moreover, the Champs de mars is not far of the apartment. It's perfectly quiet area but wit
10929	Hello We are a young Parisian couple and we rent our flat in Paris when we are travelling. It is close to the metro and tramway station and located in a safe district. This is a charming 40m ² appartment on the ground floor. Positive point : Bright and charming with its large window and fully equipped. The apartment includes  - 1 living room with parquet :  1 corner sofa bed, a table, a coffee table, a large TV. - 1 bedroom : 1 double bed, a wardrobe - 1 bathroom - 1 separated toilets  - 1 kitchen fully equiped with : microwaves, small oven, electric cooker, 2 fridges Clean sheets and towels are furnished There is High speed Internet access (wireless), large TV. You will find all the shops you may need (Supermarket, local food market Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, post office, restaurants and bars at 5 minutes walking). Moreover, the area is very safe, back at night no problem. Looking forward to welcoming you home!	Hello We are a young Parisian couple and we rent our flat in Paris when we are travelling. It is close to the metro and tramway station and located in a safe district. This is a charming 40m ² appartment on the ground floor. Positive point : Bright and charming with its large window and fully equipped. The apartment includes  - 1 living room with parquet :  1 corner sofa bed, a table, a coffee table, a large TV. - 1 bedroom : 1 double bed, a wardrobe - 1 bathroom - 1 separated toilets  - 1 kitchen fully equiped with : microwaves, small oven, electric cooker, 2 fridges Clean sheets and towels are furnished There is High speed Internet access (wireless), large TV. You will find all the shops you may need (Supermarket, local food market Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, post office, restaurants and bars at 5 minutes walking). Moreover, the area is very safe, back at night no problem. Looking forward to welcoming you home! You can contact us by phone or by email anytime. Accessible via:  - Met
10930		Studio ensoleillé dans un quartier vivant. A proximité de tous moyens transports (metro, bus, taxi, velib) ainsi que de nombreux commerces.   A quelques metres du pont Mirabeau et du centre commercial Beaugrenelle.
10931	Duplex with kitchen / dining room + one bedrooms at bottom. One cosy living room with exposed beam, 2 rooms and bath room on floor above	Duplex calme avec 3 chambres (lits doubles) à la station Motte Picquet (lignes 6, 8, 10). Très bien placé à seulement 10min à pied du champ de mars et 15min de la Tour Eiffel. Marché à 2min à pied les dimanche et mercredi. Duplex with kitchen / dining room + one bedrooms at bottom. One cosy living room with exposed beam, 2 rooms and bath room on floor above Everything Eiffel tower and champ de Mars are only 10/15 min walk. Invalides are also quite close, et only at 20/25 min walk Metro station Motte Picquet Grenelle is only 5min walk from the flat. Lines 6, 8 and 10  allows us to go easily everywhere in Paris.
10932	Bonjour everybody, Welcome in Paris and in my charming flat! I welcome you in my warm flat located in a living neighbourhood of Paris. The bedroom has a good quality bed. The room is bright and sunny.  You have access to your own private bathroom. A small fridge, coffee and tea are available for your convenience. 	Bonjour everybody, Welcome in Paris and in my charming flat! I welcome you in my warm flat located in a living neighbourhood of Paris. The bedroom has a good quality bed. The room is bright and sunny.  You have access to your own private bathroom. A small fridge, coffee and tea are available for your convenience. You can enjoy privacy and separate Bathroom You are welcome to use the microwave and cook simple dishes in our kitchen. However there are fantastic french restaurants close by. I am an easy going and friendly person. Sometimes my partner stays wtih me during weekends. I will be happy to share my knowledge of the city and give tips on what to do, see and how to get around. My english is limited but we can communicate using translator or you can practice your french with me. -Saint Charles Street is a very charming, lot of commerces; boulangeries (bakery-pastry), pharmacy, supermarket, restaurants, local products shops and on Friday you can enjoy a great food market.  Easy acces
10933	Très lumineux, offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la Tour Eiffel.	Ravissant appartement plein de charme, entierement rénové à deux pas du quartier trés vivant de Convention. Huitieme et dernier étage (avec ascenceur!) avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Très lumineux, offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris et sur la Tour Eiffel. Tram à 5mn à pied amenant directement au parc des expositions (10mm) Marché trois fois par semaine. Cinema à coté du metro convention. Nombreuses lignes de bus (89, 62...) et tram  à 5mn à pied. Je n'habite pas très loin et peut vous renseigner et vous aider dansla mesure du possible. Nombreux commerçants à proximité, cinémas, marché typique parisien. Proche de tous les lieux de visites. Metro Convention. Bus 62 et 89. Tramway Tout près du parc des expositions.
10934	Located on the 7th floor of a beautiful building 30 years, overlooking a square and a park (square and place Violet), this 3 room apartment of 60 m² has views and exceptional light to Paris. Each room (bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom) has windows where you can see the Montparnasse Tower or the Invalides. On sunny days you can enjoy sunbathing in the morning until the evening while enjoying the greenery of the park. ACCOMMODATION DESCRIPTION Apartment decorated by us in a 50s style consisting of: - 1 very large bright entrance 15 m² - 1 separate bedroom with a bed of 1.40 m over crib - 1 double room (25 sqm) with large bright sofa 1.60 m very comfortable - 1 fully equipped kitchen - 1 bathroom with hip bath 30 + years 1 sink and toilet EQUIPMENT - Lift - WIFI Internet - Ipod / Iphone / Ipad dock - Hi-Fi - Machine washing machine - Changing table - Cot - Ceramic plates vitro / toaster / steamer ... DISTRICT The apartment is located 2 minutes from the rue du Commerce and Rue Sa	Located on the 7th floor of a beautiful building 30 years, overlooking a square and a park (square and place Violet), this 3 room apartment of 60 m² has views and exceptional light to Paris. Each room (bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom) has windows where you can see the Montparnasse Tower or the Invalides. On sunny days you can enjoy sunbathing in the morning until the evening while enjoying the greenery of the park. ACCOMMODATION DESCRIPTION Apartment decorated by us in a 50s style consisting of: - 1 very large bright entrance 15 m² - 1 separate bedroom with a bed of 1.40 m over crib - 1 double room (25 sqm) with large bright sofa 1.60 m very comfortable - 1 fully equipped kitchen - 1 bathroom with hip bath 30 + years 1 sink and toilet EQUIPMENT - Lift - WIFI Internet - Ipod / Iphone / Ipad dock - Hi-Fi - Machine washing machine - Changing table - Cot - Ceramic plates vitro / toaster / steamer ... DISTRICT The apartment is located 2 minutes from the rue du Commerce and Rue Sa
10935	"Hi, We propose our 50m2 flat with one bedrom, one bathroom, one living room, one separate big kitchen and one separate toilets. Our appartment is new, very clean and a very typical parisian style with a fireplace ( just for decoration) in each room. We have TV, Wifi, electric radiators and the kitchen is fully equiped (wash machine and dishwasher). The closest ""metro"" is the Bir HAKEIM station line 6 ( Eiffel Tower station). The Eiffel Tower and the Champs de mars are 700 meters far from our flat. A lot of restaurants in the street ( typical french braserie ""Le bistrot d'en face"", chinese, italian). There is one double bed in the bedroom and one big couch in the living room in which max 2 people can sleep (convertible) Ideally the flat is for 2 or 3 persons (but can max welcome 4 people.) Please note that I will answer very quickly to the proposals if it is at least 24hours before your proposal :) Best Regards, So. "	"Hi, We propose our 50m2 flat with one bedrom, one bathroom, one living room, one separate big kitchen and one separate toilets. Our appartment is new, very clean and a very typical parisian style with a fireplace ( just for decoration) in each room. We have TV, Wifi, electric radiators and the kitchen is fully equiped (wash machine and dishwasher). The closest ""metro"" is the Bir HAKEIM station line 6 ( Eiffel Tower station). The Eiffel Tower and the Champs de mars are 700 meters far from our flat. A lot of restaurants in the street ( typical french braserie ""Le bistrot d'en face"", chinese, italian). There is one double bed in the bedroom and one big couch in the living room in which max 2 people can sleep (convertible) Ideally the flat is for 2 or 3 persons (but can max welcome 4 people.) Please note that I will answer very quickly to the proposals if it is at least 24hours before your proposal :) Best Regards, So. "
10936	Calme, spacieux, vue sur jardin et place de parking gratuit couvert Jusqu'à 4 personnes  1 lit double dans la chambre  1 canapé lit très confortable dans le salon Douche et baignoire  Logement entier 1 salon 1 chambre  1 cuisine  1 salle de bain  1 WC séparés 1 parking  Accueil et départ des voyageurs Conseils si souhaité. (adresses de restaurants, sorties, visites, musées  et autres...)  À deux pas du Parc George Brassens, de restaurants fameux (Le Grand Pan, les tontons...), et du marché de livres anciens de Paris. Proches tous commerces / supermarché et grande boulangerie traditionnelle française Poilâne Métro ligne 13 Bus 95 Tramway Taxi  Voiture Tout proche du Parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles.  Idéal pour le salon de l'agriculture, salon de l'auto / moto etc...  	15 min away from ORLY airport and 5 min from Montparnasse train Station by car or taxi, I'll be glad to receive you in my calm, spacious and all equiped flat. You can even enjoy the beamer in the bed room !
10937	 One bedroom with a 2 people bed, one little kitchen, a bathroom and a living room with a beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Spacious, bright the flat is fully equipped for cooking and has a Wifi connexion and a washing machine.	Lovely flat in city center of Paris, in the 15e district near Montparnasse Station. The flat is 15 min walking from Eiffel Tower. Central place near metro line 12 at Metro Falguière, 13 and 4 Metro line at Montparnasse-Bienvenüe, Metro 6 at Pasteur and a lot of buses ( 2 minutes walking ) One bedroom with a 2 people bed, one little kitchen, a bathroom and a living room with a beautiful view on the Eiffel tower. Spacious, bright the flat is fully equipped for cooking and has a Wifi connexion and a washing machine. The old artists quartier of Montparnasse still offers beautiful walks where you can see old artist buildings with wonderful ateliers and also the cemetery Montparnasse is worth a visit.  Close to there is the quartier Breton at Edgar Quinet where you have Paris best creperies and a lot of theatre. The Jardin du Luxembourg and the Rodin Museum are also easily reachable. One bedroom with a 2 people bed, one little kitchen, a bathroom and a living room with a beautiful view on th
10938		Appartement Paris 15ème, bien desservi par les transports. Supermarché en face de l'immeuble. Logement donnant sur une court intérieure très calme. 26 m2
10939	Lovely little studio great location - 5 minutes from the Champ de Mars and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower -on 6th floor of a Haussmann building, quiet and bright with a large window not overlooked. The studio has been recently renovated. The main room has a large new sofa for daily sleeping with comfortable mattresses. Storage easily help you to arrange your affairs. If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisian restaurants practical kitchenette is available. And a bathroom with shower equipped with various accessories needed.	        Lovely little studio very well located in the 15th district 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower, 5 minutes from the Champ de Mars and places of interest. Perfect for a couple to visit Paris.       Lovely little studio great location - 5 minutes from the Champ de Mars and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower -on 6th floor of a Haussmann building, quiet and bright with a large window not overlooked. The studio has been recently renovated. The main room has a large new sofa for daily sleeping with comfortable mattresses. Storage easily help you to arrange your affairs. If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisian restaurants practical kitchenette is available. And a bathroom with shower equipped with various accessories needed. Feel here like at home ! I am fully available by mail, phone and physically if necessary. You are at  5 minutes by walk from the Champ de Mars and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Not far away 15 minutes Les Invalides and its famous golden dome. For shopp
10940		In a quiet neigbourg, very (email hidden) by foot from the eiffel tower, the room is in a large sunny appartment, with all comodities and transportations easy. there will be always someone to receive you !
10941	The apartment is a cosy place with a very nice view on the Eiffel tower. It is a very romantic place, you can wake up and have meals with a splendid view on the city. You can also play piano or just listen to good music. It is soundproof and it is very central to visit the city, you can walk to the Eiffel tower (8 min). You have very good cafes, restaurants and shops all around. It is perfect for 2 persons, you have a real bed of 140cm / 190 cm, very confortable. And of course, it is completely private, totally yours for the journey. The curtains are light so you may be disturbed by the light in the morning. The bathroom will be renovated in the beginning of 2015, thanks for your comprehension.	A very nice studio totally for you with a splendid view on the Eiffel Tower. A romantic place, perfect for two people, very quiet and central to visit Paris. Very good cafés and restaurants all around. The apartment is a cosy place with a very nice view on the Eiffel tower. It is a very romantic place, you can wake up and have meals with a splendid view on the city. You can also play piano or just listen to good music. It is soundproof and it is very central to visit the city, you can walk to the Eiffel tower (8 min). You have very good cafes, restaurants and shops all around. It is perfect for 2 persons, you have a real bed of 140cm / 190 cm, very confortable. And of course, it is completely private, totally yours for the journey. The curtains are light so you may be disturbed by the light in the morning. The bathroom will be renovated in the beginning of 2015, thanks for your comprehension. You can have access to everything in the studio that will be yours during your journey. You ha
10942	Petite maisonnette atypique sur cour fleurie de 27 mètres carré pouvant accueillir 3 personnes maximum.  Mezzanine de 6 mètre carré avec lit deux places, canapé convertible dans salon. Cuisine américaine toute équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques vitro céramique, lave vaisselle). Salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette et lave linge.	"Petite maisonnette atypique dans le 15 eme arrondissement de Paris, de 27 mètre carré sur cour fleurie. Petit coin terrasse, calme,  à deux pas de la rue du commerce,  animée et commerçante.  Proche métro ligne 8, 10 et 6 ainsi que les bus 70 et 88. Petite maisonnette atypique sur cour fleurie de 27 mètres carré pouvant accueillir 3 personnes maximum.  Mezzanine de 6 mètre carré avec lit deux places, canapé convertible dans salon. Cuisine américaine toute équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques vitro céramique, lave vaisselle). Salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette et lave linge. Non fumeur. Quartier très agréable à la fois calme et animé.   Proche restaurants et bars, à ne pas manquer le café du commerce, brasserie typique parisienne ainsi que le Charlie birdy.  A seulement 10 minutes à pieds du grand centre commercial beaugrennelle, 15 minutes du champ de mars et de l' École Militaire et 20 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. Trois lignes de métro desservent le quartier: -ligne 8, station ""commer"
10943	Très bien situé,  à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel... Petit vie de quartier très agréable,  beaucoup de commerces et un grand marché le mercredi et dimanche matin	      Studio très bien situé , au 9 ème étage d'un immeuble moderne, studio très lumineux Vue magnifique sur Paris et à 10 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel    Très bien situé,  à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel... Petit vie de quartier très agréable,  beaucoup de commerces et un grand marché le mercredi et dimanche matin Je suis à la disposition des voyageurs en début de séjour pour leur présenter le quartier et répondre à leurs questions  Ligne 6, 10, 8 du métro à proximité 
10944	Bright and quiet apartment (52 square meters) on the 6th floor of a modern building (built in the late 90's) with door code and lift. The apartment features a living room with a bow window, one bedroom with great view on la tour Eiffel, an equiped kitchen with anything you need to help you cook, a common toilet. There's Free WIFI connection available in the apartment.  	"Bright and quiet appartment (52 square meters) with 1 room for 2 people in a safe shopping area. Direct connections to main parisian spots. Bright and quiet apartment (52 square meters) on the 6th floor of a modern building (built in the late 90's) with door code and lift. The apartment features a living room with a bow window, one bedroom with great view on la tour Eiffel, an equiped kitchen with anything you need to help you cook, a common toilet. There's Free WIFI connection available in the apartment.   Is included:  No smoking appartment Bed-sheets, pillows and blanket  2 shower towels, one large and one small, one per person  Hair-dryer  The host will leave the appartment during the guests staying. Great location in a shopping area of central Paris at 300 meters from ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"" subway station, in direct and close connections to main spots like :  La tour Eiffel in 2 metro stations through Line 6  Quartier Latin in 6 metro stations through Line 10 Les Champs Elysé"
10945	A bright and warm 60 m² flat in a luxury building located in the 15th arrondissement at Rue Theatre in the center of Paris. The area is very safe and is served with three metro lines. This apartment is 60m² with a terrace and can host up to 6 people. It is on the 4th floor, with elevator. The Flat consists of 1 bright living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and a Kitchen. - A colorful bright and spacious living room, provided with a warm and sunny terrace. It consists of a comfortable large convertible sofa suitable for two, 3 chairs, a small table, and a library where you can enjoy reading books. In addition to that, there is a dining area with 4 chairs, and a flat TV, to enjoy your meals while watching your favorite programs and shows.   A calm romantic bedroom, with a double bed suitable for two, and a small desk at the corner,  where you can do your work peacefully and calmly.  A safari bedroom, provided with two single beds, and a bright warm desk with a small library to study, and wr	In the heart of the 15th, At 9 min from the eiffel tower, few min  metro Emile Zola (L10) and commerce (L8), Dupleix (L6), this 2 bedrooms flat will be ideal for your stay in Paris with family or friends.       
10946	Il est composé d'une chambre adulte avec literie de qualité King Size (draps fournis) et Télé, d'une chambre enfant, un espace bureau/internet (accès wifi), une cuisine équipée, un salon/salle à manger, et d'une une salle de bain/WC. L'appartement est situé en étage élevé de l'immeuble, avec vue sur la Tour Montparnasse!  Pour info: la chambre enfant peut accueillir un bébé jusqu'à 3 ans dans ce lit. Sinon, nous vous installerons un gros matelas gonflable ( d'une hauteur d'un lit), très épais de qualité pour 1 ou 2 enfants, ou même 1 ou 2 adultes. Pour les bébés: chaise haute et baignoire pliable, matériel de puériculture, table à langer La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec :  - Ustensiles de cuisines  - Réfrigérateur - congélateur - Plaques à induction  - Machine à Café Nespresso, théière La salle de bain est équipée d'une douche à l'italienne - sèche cheveux & plaques lissantes - serviettes de bain fournis  Il y a aussi une machine à laver et un sèche linge. ENGLISH: One room with	Luxious, luminous, in the heart of the 15th district, this flat offers all the advantages for a pleasant stay in Paris. It's located in the area of the Eiffel Tower, at two minutes of the subway Commerce. Beautiful view on the Montparnasse Tower ! Il est composé d'une chambre adulte avec literie de qualité King Size (draps fournis) et Télé, d'une chambre enfant, un espace bureau/internet (accès wifi), une cuisine équipée, un salon/salle à manger, et d'une une salle de bain/WC. L'appartement est situé en étage élevé de l'immeuble, avec vue sur la Tour Montparnasse!  Pour info: la chambre enfant peut accueillir un bébé jusqu'à 3 ans dans ce lit. Sinon, nous vous installerons un gros matelas gonflable ( d'une hauteur d'un lit), très épais de qualité pour 1 ou 2 enfants, ou même 1 ou 2 adultes. Pour les bébés: chaise haute et baignoire pliable, matériel de puériculture, table à langer La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec :  - Ustensiles de cuisines  - Réfrigérateur - congélateur - Plaqu
10947	Bel appartement, spacieux, salle de bain, WC et cuisine indépendante, WIFI gratuit, logement location semaine ou Week end ou à la nuit dans un quartier très sympa, proche de tous commerces. A 15 min de la Tour eiffel et de l'école militaire.. Nice apartment in a great neighbourhood, at 15 min from the Eiffel Tour with separate toilets, bathroom and kitchen and Free wifi..Very close to everything a tourist might want to see. You are more than welcome to use 1 level in the fridge ; the ironing board ; the hair dryer 	Nice apartment in a great neighbourhood, at 15 min from the Eiffel Tour with separate toilets, bathroom and kitchen and Free wifi..
10948	It is a very bright and quiet apartment in a good location. Lots of shops and stores nearby.  The kitchen is fully equiped: - Miele Washer, Dryer and washing machine - oven & Microwave & induction table - Fridge & Freezer - Kitchenaid blender - Nesspresso coffee machine - Mixer - Kettle Bedrooms have new mattresses and bedsheets Hairdryer & hot water bottle available in the bathroom	We just renovated this charming & typical parisian south facing 2 bedrooms flat on the 6th floor. It includes a 30m2 double reception room, a big fully fitted kitchen w/ an open bar & high end appliances (Miele). Very quiet flat in a lively area. It is a very bright and quiet apartment in a good location. Lots of shops and stores nearby.  The kitchen is fully equiped: - Miele Washer, Dryer and washing machine - oven & Microwave & induction table - Fridge & Freezer - Kitchenaid blender - Nesspresso coffee machine - Mixer - Kettle Bedrooms have new mattresses and bedsheets Hairdryer & hot water bottle available in the bathroom There are a velib (public bikes) and autolib ( public electrical cars) station just in front of the house. The building is protected with a security code. We are available to answer any questions you may have to make you stay as enjoyable as possible. Very friendly and familly oriented neighborhood close to parks and lots of shops. There is a farmer’s market every 
10949		Chambre privée dans un appartement moderne et spacieux (78m2) du 15ème arrondissement. Idéal pour les courts séjours professionnels à Paris, l'appartement est à côté des lignes 6, 8 et 10.
10950	Duplex entièrement rénové, dans une impasse tranquille.Parking sur place et gratuit!! L'appartement se trouve au 3 ème étage (dernier étage) avec ascensceur. C'est très ensoleillé, exposé sud. Il y a des fenêtres des deux côtés. En bas il y  a une chambre avec un lit double (1,60m) et une salle de bain très lumineuse (toilette séparée). A l'étage, une pièce à vivre, une cuisine complètement équipée et surtout un grand balcon pour les petits-déjeuner et les soirées d'été. Vue sur la tour Eiffel depuis la pièce principale. C'est un appartement très moderne avec de beaux objets. Télévision, lecteur de DVD (choix de films pour adultes et enfants), lecteur de CD, Wifi. Vous trouverez tous les commerces dans un rayon de 150m ainsi que des restaurants et deux stations de métro. Cet appartement est un endroit parfait pour profiter de la vie Parisienne tout en gardant des moments de détente et de calme.	Duplex entièrement rénové, dans une impasse tranquille.Parking sur place et gratuit!! L'appartement se trouve au 3 ème étage (dernier étage) avec ascensceur. C'est très ensoleillé, exposé sud. Il y a des fenêtres des deux côtés. En bas il y  a une chambre avec un lit double (1,60m) et une salle de bain très lumineuse (toilette séparée). A l'étage, une pièce à vivre, une cuisine complètement équipée et surtout un grand balcon pour les petits-déjeuner et les soirées d'été. Vue sur la tour Eiffel depuis la pièce principale. C'est un appartement très moderne avec de beaux objets. Télévision, lecteur de DVD (choix de films pour adultes et enfants), lecteur de CD, Wifi. Vous trouverez tous les commerces dans un rayon de 150m ainsi que des restaurants et deux stations de métro. Cet appartement est un endroit parfait pour profiter de la vie Parisienne tout en gardant des moments de détente et de calme.
10951	This left bank building is located in a nice residential and secure neighborhood, ideal to visit Paris. !!! Not for people allergic to cat fur.	I rent a room in my flat, in a traditional Parisian building. Its location is very convenient (transportation, shops, Eiffel Tower at a walking distance). the bedroom is calm and  spacious. This left bank building is located in a nice residential and secure neighborhood, ideal to visit Paris. !!! Not for people allergic to cat fur. You will have access to a private spacious and quiet bedroom (one single bed, one sofa bed, one desk) and we will share the living room, the kitchen and the bathroom. We have most types of kitchen utensils to cook your meals. I will generally be there during the evening, we will be able to chat then. I can give you advice for your visit of Paris. Three metro lines, several Vélib stations (public bicycle sharing system) and bus stops around so you can go everywhere quickly. There are shops and restaurants very close to the apartment. The neighborhood is nice and residential. Metro lines 6, 8, 10 Buses 80, 82 (and if you walk a little bit, (phone number hidden
10952	Chambre charmante et très bien agencée avec une mezzanine et grande fenêtre donnant sur le Champ de Mars. Se situant à 2 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et à 4 min pieds du métro La Motte-Piquet, idéale pour un réveil aux pieds de la Tour Eiffel ! Cette chambre, située au rez de chaussé d'un immeuble de standing, offre une belle vue sur l'Avenue de Suffren ainsi que le Champ de Mars et la pointe de la Tour Eiffel ! C'est un petit cocon, idéal pour un couple. La chambre est dotée d'une mezzanine accueillant un lit double, une télévision, un lecteur DVD ainsi qu'une bibliothèque. En bas, la chambre dispose d'une cuisine équipée d'un petit frigo, d'un four grill, d'un micro-onde, d'une plaque électrique , d'une cafetière ainsi que d'un grille pain. Un petit bar et deux hauts tabourets y sont installés pour pouvoir manger. Un bureau est également à votre disposition et une petite bibliothèque chargée de littérature classique sera accessible. Une grande armoire avec de nombreux rangements	Chambre charmante et très bien agencée avec une mezzanine et grande fenêtre donnant sur le Champ de Mars. Se situant à 2 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et à 4 min pieds du métro La Motte-Piquet, idéale pour un réveil aux pieds de la Tour Eiffel ! Chambre charmante et très bien agencée avec une mezzanine et grande fenêtre donnant sur le Champ de Mars. Se situant à 2 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et à 4 min pieds du métro La Motte-Piquet, idéale pour un réveil aux pieds de la Tour Eiffel ! Cette chambre, située au rez de chaussé d'un immeuble de standing, offre une belle vue sur l'Avenue de Suffren ainsi que le Champ de Mars et la pointe de la Tour Eiffel ! C'est un petit cocon, idéal pour un couple. La chambre est dotée d'une mezzanine accueillant un lit double, une télévision, un lecteur DVD ainsi qu'une bibliothèque. En bas, la chambre dispose d'une cuisine équipée d'un petit frigo, d'un four grill, d'un micro-onde, d'une plaque électrique , d'une cafetière ainsi que d'un grill
10953	저희 숙소는 15구 Convention 역에서 도보로 7분 위치한 곳으로 파리시내 관광에도 적합하며 특히 Porte de Versaille 에서 열리는 전시장에 방문오신 분에게도 적합합니다.	파리 15구 Convention 역에 위치한 원룸입니다 가까운 거리에 Parc Georges Brassens와 Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles가 있습니다 2인까지 사용 가능하며 단지내 수영장 사용가능 합니다 주거단지안에 수영장을 이용 하실수 있습니다 저희 숙소는 15구 Convention 역에서 도보로 7분 위치한 곳으로 파리시내 관광에도 적합하며 특히 Porte de Versaille 에서 열리는 전시장에 방문오신 분에게도 적합합니다. 메트로, 버스, 기차 등등 파리시내에 있는 모든 대중교통이 있습니다.
10954		Nice 30m2 studio, 5th floor with view of a school yard AND the Eiffel Tower from the balcony (1 table + 2 chairs) :) Spacious kitchen, TV, comfortable murphy bed, bathroom with a bathtub ! Possibility to host a 3rd person (single air bed). Tram 3 > Brancion Métro 13 > Plaisance or Porte de Vanves 
10955	Located in the 15th arrondissement, cute and lovely studio (28m2) with 1 double bed, a little separated kitchen and one bathroom. The apartment is located on the first floor, with a view on a little green park from the spacious balcony. You will be able to use for free my washing machine. 	"Located in the 15th arrondissement, it's a cute and lovely studio with 1 double bed, a separated kitchen and 1 bathroom. The appartment is situated on the first floor with a view on a beautiful park. 5 min walk from the metro station ""Vaugirad"". Located in the 15th arrondissement, cute and lovely studio (28m2) with 1 double bed, a little separated kitchen and one bathroom. The apartment is located on the first floor, with a view on a little green park from the spacious balcony. You will be able to use for free my washing machine. My place is a very quiet one and located 5 min from the metro station ""Vaugirad"".  If you need me to give you advices, I will be glad to help you of course. Le quartier Three times a weeks, you have an authentic french market. There are also shops, bakerys, supermarkets around. From my studio, you will be able to visit the famous spots very easely : For exemples : If you want to go the Eiffel Tower, there is a bus down my street that will bring you there. (15 "
10956	Je loue un appartement, redécoré à neuf, de 30 m2 à partager avec moi (mon mari part en voyage d'affaire). La cuisine et les toilettes séparés de la pièce principale. Le style général du studio est à la fois chaleureux et doux. On s'y sent vraiment à l'aise. Il est lumineux et ouvert sur une rue très calme. Vous disposez d'une cuisine équipée pour concocter vos plats. Les ustensiles de cuisine (casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts, mugs, etc.) et toute la vaissellerie sont fournis. La cuisine est vraiment très charmante. Cet appartement est situé dans le quartier vaugirard, typiquement parisien, proche de commerces, bars, restaurants, cinéma et d'une des meilleures boulangeries de Paris. Vous dormirez en toute quiétude. Il y a une chambre avec un lit pour 2 personnes. Le salon dispose d'un canapé-lit qui se déplie pour offrir un large couchage 2 places. Tout le linge de literie est fourni fraîchement lavé et repassé. Possibilité d'un service ménage pour les séjours de plus de 4 nuit	Je loue un appartement, redécoré à neuf, de 30 m2 à partager avec moi (mon mari part en voyage d'affaire). La cuisine et les toilettes séparés de la pièce principale. Le style général du studio est à la fois chaleureux et doux. On s'y sent vraiment à l'aise. Il est lumineux et ouvert sur une rue très calme. Vous disposez d'une cuisine équipée pour concocter vos plats. Les ustensiles de cuisine (casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts, mugs, etc.) et toute la vaissellerie sont fournis. La cuisine est vraiment très charmante. Cet appartement est situé dans le quartier vaugirard, typiquement parisien, proche de commerces, bars, restaurants, cinéma et d'une des meilleures boulangeries de Paris. Vous dormirez en toute quiétude. Il y a une chambre avec un lit pour 2 personnes. Le salon dispose d'un canapé-lit qui se déplie pour offrir un large couchage 2 places. Tout le linge de literie est fourni fraîchement lavé et repassé. Possibilité d'un service ménage pour les séjours de plus de 4 nuit
10957	Spend few days in Paris and experience the charm of the Parisian life-style. This is what offers this charming, bright and top floor apartment decorated with elegance and simplicity.  The place is located in the south west of the left bank of Paris in the lively Convention residential area. The area has many restaurants, bars, shops and a traditional market which animates the Convention street on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays. The apartment is located a few steps from the Convention Metro (subway line # 12). The exhibition center Paris Expo Porte de Versailles is 10 min away on foot. The area Montparnasse and Saint-Germain are 5-8min away by subway. The Quai Branly Museum and the Eiffel Tower are easily accessible by foot or bicycle. This top floor apartment (45m2) with elevator can accommodate 2 people (one double bed). The place is made of a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen-dining room (induction hob, oven), a bathroom with a large shower and a washing machine.  The apartment has 	Spend few days in Paris and experience the charm of the Parisian life-style. This is what offers this charming, bright and top floor apartment decorated with elegance and simplicity.  The place is located in the south west of the left bank of Paris in the lively Convention residential area. The area has many restaurants, bars, shops and a traditional market which animates the Convention street on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays. The apartment is located a few steps from the Convention Metro (subway line # 12). The exhibition center Paris Expo Porte de Versailles is 10 min away on foot. The area Montparnasse and Saint-Germain are 5-8min away by subway. The Quai Branly Museum and the Eiffel Tower are easily accessible by foot or bicycle. This top floor apartment (45m2) with elevator can accommodate 2 people (one double bed). The place is made of a bedroom, a living room, a kitchen-dining room (induction hob, oven), a bathroom with a large shower and a washing machine.  The apartment has 
10958	It's a nice and cosy studio for 2 right near the most beautiful monument of Paris. You will have free and unlimited internet wifi access and TV with cable channels. Bathroom with bathtub and toilets with all the toiletry  If you want to do some sightseeing, I can get you tickets for the main attractions before your arrival. Just let me know in advance what you would need.:) Louvres, Versailles, Musée d'Orsay, Bateau mouche ? Public transportation close to the studio : Line 6 :  Bir Hakeim / Dupleix Line 10 : Charles Michel RER C : Champ de Mars, Tour Eiffel Bus 42 : Rue Rouelle  Check In : 2 pm Check Out : 11 pm Depending on the booking calendar, time of Check in/out are flexible.	Comfortable place to stay for 2. 10min walk to the Eiffel Tower and Seine river~ It's a nice and cosy studio for 2 right near the most beautiful monument of Paris. You will have free and unlimited internet wifi access and TV with cable channels. Bathroom with bathtub and toilets with all the toiletry  If you want to do some sightseeing, I can get you tickets for the main attractions before your arrival. Just let me know in advance what you would need.:) Louvres, Versailles, Musée d'Orsay, Bateau mouche ? Public transportation close to the studio : Line 6 :  Bir Hakeim / Dupleix Line 10 : Charles Michel RER C : Champ de Mars, Tour Eiffel Bus 42 : Rue Rouelle  Check In : 2 pm Check Out : 11 pm Depending on the booking calendar, time of Check in/out are flexible. If you are visiting Paris. I can get you tickets for the main attractions before your arrival. Just let me know in advance what you would need.:) Louvres, Versailles, Musée d'Orsay, Bateau mouche? !For the Eiffel Tower, it is not
10959	You have at your disposal a clean room.  You can enjoy acess to a fully equipped kitchen, plus dishwasher and washing machine. The usual appliances are also available: fridge, microwave, coffe machine, water heater and juice maker. The bathroom comes with a bathtub.	Clean and tidy private room , with a two person bed convertible sofa, WIFI, TV, dining table and cupboard. Free internet.  Kitchen fully equipped: fridge, microwave,  coffee maker, water heater. Clean bathroom with bathtub and toilet. You have at your disposal a clean room.  You can enjoy acess to a fully equipped kitchen, plus dishwasher and washing machine. The usual appliances are also available: fridge, microwave, coffe machine, water heater and juice maker. The bathroom comes with a bathtub. Very easy to acess, metro, bus, night bus or tramway. It is situated 45 min from Roissy airport, 30 min from Orly airport  and 30 min from shuttle from Beauvais airport. Main train stations are situated between 15 to 30 minutes. I will gladly welcome you and give you advice about tourist attractions. There are also several tourist guides available for you. I can help you plan any itinerary.  I also live in this appartement so we will share the bathroom and the kitchen areas. It is a very safe 
10960	Cuisine: Spacieuse et dotée d’un petit coin bar avec ses 2 tabourets, la cuisine est entièrement équipée : four, micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, 4 plaques à induction, bouilloire, grille-pain, lave-linge et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Lumineux, vous apprécierez son confort et son calme. Un coin salon est aménagé avec canapé, table basse, écran plat, internet en wifi et téléphone. Le coin salle à manger est composé d’une magnifique table en plexi pouvant accueillir jusqu’à 6 convives. Chambre:  Meublée d’un lit « Queen Size » de 160x200 et d’un grand dressing, la chambre vous offre toutes les commodités d’un hôtel 4 étoiles ! Profitez du petit plus de l’appartement le Serein et savourez votre petit déjeuner en plein air sur le balcon (6m²) accessible de la chambre. Salle de bain: Equipée d’une baignoire, de 2 vasques avec miroir et d’un sèche-serviette. Les toilettes sont séparés.  	Appartement pour 4 personnes, idéal pour un séjour en couple ou en famille. Situé à proximité du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, le Serein est très bien localisé pour vos pérégrinations touristiques. Rare à Paris: un balcon et un ascenseur! Cuisine: Spacieuse et dotée d’un petit coin bar avec ses 2 tabourets, la cuisine est entièrement équipée : four, micro-onde, bouilloire, cafetière, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, 4 plaques à induction, bouilloire, grille-pain, lave-linge et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Salon: Lumineux, vous apprécierez son confort et son calme. Un coin salon est aménagé avec canapé, table basse, écran plat, internet en wifi et téléphone. Le coin salle à manger est composé d’une magnifique table en plexi pouvant accueillir jusqu’à 6 convives. Chambre:  Meublée d’un lit « Queen Size » de 160x200 et d’un grand dressing, la chambre vous offre toutes les commodités d’un hôtel 4 étoiles ! Profitez du petit plus de l’appartement le Serein et savourez votre
10961	Belle cour lumineuse, calme, très parisien.	Ce 2-pièces est très agréable à vivre : au coeur d'un quartier très commerçant, cet appartement dispose d'une cuisine equipée, d'une télé écran plat, d'Internet en fibre optique, d'une salle de bain, de nombreux rangements ainsi qu'un grand lit. Belle cour lumineuse, calme, très parisien. 
10962	Large and sunny double living room with a convertible sofa-bed (2 pers) opening on a balcony with view on the Eiffel Tower, two bedrooms with one with a double bed, the other with 2 twins, modern kitchen fully equipped with : dish washer, washing machine, micro-waves oven... one marble bathroom with bathtub, one shower room, separate WC, cable TV, Wifi Internet. Sleeps maximum 6 people. Parking place possible 	Close to the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower,  very bright and quiet apartment in a modern deluxe residence
10963	Avoir un étage qui sépare les deux chambres rend cette habitation unique et confortable. La cuisine donnant sur le jardin relève l'aspect hors de Paris !	A haven of tranquility in the middle of the capital. To enjoy the terrace and relax before having a walk on the banks of the Seine or in unusual areas of Paris. An intimate breath of fresh air .
10964	"Our lovely apartment is ideally located in a quiet street at the heart of the 15th arrondissement, only one minute away on foot from ""La rue du Commerce"" and 15 minutes away on foot from the Eiffel Tower. "	"Our lovely apartment which is located in the heart of the 15th arrondissement, consists in a living room and one bedroom, both equipped. Our lovely apartment is ideally located in a quiet street at the heart of the 15th arrondissement, only one minute away on foot from ""La rue du Commerce"" and 15 minutes away on foot from the Eiffel Tower.  The ""Rue du Commerce"" street is the main shopping street of the 15th arrondissement,where you can find all what you needs : supermarkets, drug stores, clothing shops, beauty shops, restaurants ( among which the well-known Café du Commerce restaurant), bars and pubs... The apartment is also located close to the main touristic locations  Subway :  Commerce (Ligne 8), Avenue Emile Zola (ligne 10), La Motte Picquet Grenelle (ligne 6) Bus :  Felix Faure (Lignes 70 and 88)"
10965	130 m² Hausmanian flat in the chic 15th- 5 min Eiffel tower  A typical Hausmanian flat in a wonderful building located in the residential 15th arrondissement at Rue Valentin Houy, with a view on the chic Avenue de Breteuil. At 1,0 km from the eiffel tower (Champs de Mars), 5 min taxi from the Gare Montparnasse, less than min walking from the two metro station Sévres Lecourbe (L6) and Segur (L10). The area is very quiet, safe and residential within the splendid Avenue Breteuil (with a lot of parks and grass where people picnic especially during sunny days)  This apartment is 130 m² located on the 6th floor with elevator and can host up to 6 people in 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The flat has a balcony, free wifi and a parking!  The Flat consists of 3 bedrooms, 1 living room, 2bathroom, a toilet and a full equipped Kitchen. Living Room: A Spacious bright Parisian living room, provided with a comfortable sofa and many seats so you can have nice talks with your family members or friends. Yo	Amazing Parisian flat in the Chic 15th on the Avenue de Breteuil, . Consists of 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 toilet and a fully equipped kitchen. Suitable for 6 persons.  It is located on the 6th floor with elevator, and provided with a parking. 130 m² Hausmanian flat in the chic 15th- 5 min Eiffel tower  A typical Hausmanian flat in a wonderful building located in the residential 15th arrondissement at Rue Valentin Houy, with a view on the chic Avenue de Breteuil. At 1,0 km from the eiffel tower (Champs de Mars), 5 min taxi from the Gare Montparnasse, less than min walking from the two metro station Sévres Lecourbe (L6) and Segur (L10). The area is very quiet, safe and residential within the splendid Avenue Breteuil (with a lot of parks and grass where people picnic especially during sunny days)  This apartment is 130 m² located on the 6th floor with elevator and can host up to 6 people in 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The flat has a balcony, free wifi and a parking!  The Flat consists of
10966	Au cœur du 15eme, au carrefour des quartiers touristiques et résidentiels, votre chambre vous attend! Appartement très lumineux qui profite du coucher de soleil le soir...métro a 3 minutes a pied. Bus desservant tout paris. Commerces de bouche et restaurants au bout de la rue. Calme et praticite combines!	Votre chambre en plein cœur de paris. Your room downtown Paris.  Chambre double bien séparée des autres pièces a vivre, accès salle de bain et cuisine en toute liberté. Wifi et bibliothèque en accès illimité!  Nous serions ravis de vous accueillir et faire aimer paris.  Au cœur du 15eme, au carrefour des quartiers touristiques et résidentiels, votre chambre vous attend! Appartement très lumineux qui profite du coucher de soleil le soir...métro a 3 minutes a pied. Bus desservant tout paris. Commerces de bouche et restaurants au bout de la rue. Calme et praticite combines! Wifi, draps, serviettes, cuisine, salle de bain, DVD et bibliothèque. Salon bien entendu! Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir, de boire un verre avec vous au Pub du coin ou de vous aider a construire votre programme branche/dynamique pour profiter de Paris! Nombreux commerces de bouche (boulangeries, supermarchés, primeur, boucher...) tous de qualité.  Restaurants pour tous les goûts et les budgets. Rapidité pour rejo
10967	The flat is 45 square meter. It is spacious, luminous and very quiet.  It is well located in a safe neighborhood (15 min to the Eiffel Tower)  I'm a young engineer working in Paris and would be happy to welcome you !	I'm renting a room in my flat. The flat is 45 square meter. It is spacious, luminous and very quiet.  It is well located in a safe neighborhood (15 min to the Eiffel Tower)  I'm a young engineer working in Paris and would be happy to welcome you ! The flat is 45 square meter. It is spacious, luminous and very quiet.  It is well located in a safe neighborhood (15 min to the Eiffel Tower)  I'm a young engineer working in Paris and would be happy to welcome you ! Near three subway lines (6,10 & 12) allowing you to go everywhere in Paris in a few minutes. 12 min away from the Eiffel Tower (by feet)
10968	vous disposerez de toutes les commodites , internet , tv , cuisine equipée	Metro Convention à quelques stations de la tour Eiffel, magnifique 4 pieces familiale en duplex 80 m2,décoration moderne, grands balcons, immeuble pierre de taille. Dans une rue calme et arborée, quartier commerçant, nombreux parcs aux alentours. vous disposerez de toutes les commodites , internet , tv , cuisine equipée Vous aurez accès  à une chambre avec un lit double et deux lits pliants  au 2 ème étage.( possibilité de louer la chambre d enfant sur demande) Le quartier regorge de lieux insolites à découvrir et de nombreux espaces verts . Un pied à terre ideal pour visiter Paris et ses monuments - très proche de la tour Eiffel , Montparnasse, champ de mars .  Vous pourrez admirer le marché de convention les mardi , vendredi et dimanche ou vous pourrez croiser toute la diversitè du quatier et acheter tout ce qu il vous faut - vous etes entourè de 3 parcs qui sont reliès par la coulèe verte - un lieu insolite , ancienne petite voie ferré de la petite ceinture de Paris - qui relie le p
10969		Cette chambre, dans un 3-pièces haussmanien, est accueillante et douillette, refaite à neuf et typique! Elle peut accueillir deux personnes dans un excellent confort. Profitez de la cuisine, du quartier vivant et à proximité immédiate du centre Paris
10970	Très beau studio de 25m² refait à neuf, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur Cuisine séparée, toute équipée. Pièce principale lumineuse décorée avec goût.  Canapé lit système RAPIDO, matelas très confortable, TV LED suspendu, internet wifi, commode, et chaises design. Grand dressing à l’entrée. Salle de bain avec grande douche	Très beau studio 25m² refait à neuf. Idéalement situé dans le 15ème, proche des principaux sites touristiques. Quartier animé avec nombreux restaurants et commerces à proximité. Très bien desservi : bus, métro et rer à deux pas de l'immeuble. Très beau studio de 25m² refait à neuf, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur Cuisine séparée, toute équipée. Pièce principale lumineuse décorée avec goût.  Canapé lit système RAPIDO, matelas très confortable, TV LED suspendu, internet wifi, commode, et chaises design. Grand dressing à l’entrée. Salle de bain avec grande douche Logement entier Nous sommes disponibles tout au long de votre séjour en cas de besoin. Quartier animé avec nombreux restaurants et commerces à proximité. Centre commercial Beaugrenelle, et cinéma à moins de 5 mins à pied. Coin agréable en front de seine, proche du Parc Javel Andre Citroen Tour Eiffel à 15 mins à pied. Stations d’Autolib et Velib au pied de l’immeuble. Nombreux bus. Stations de métro Javel Andre-Citroen (Ligne 10 et 
10971	PARIS 15ième arrondissement   Immeuble sécurisé (badge, digicode et visiophone) DUPLEX DE 63M² situé au 4ième et dernier étage.- SANS ASCENSEUR  6 couchages * 1 chambre avec 1 lit double,  * 1 chambre avec 2 lits simple, * 1 canapé convertible  2 salles de douche avec WC. Cuisine tout équipée:frigo, four, machine à laver, bouilloire, toaster, micro ondes, machine à café Nespresso,  presse agrumes... Accès internet en wifi A savoir : la chambre et le salon ne sont pour le moment munis que de store non occultant avis aux personnes ayant le sommeil léger et se réveillant au moindre rayon de lumière. Des rideaux doivent être installés mais cela n'est  pas pour tout de suite. Situé au 4ième et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) la vue de la chambre au rez de chaussé donne sur le phare breton mais aussi sur les chemins de fers ce qui est moins extraordinaire.	    DUPLEX DE 63M²- 6 couchages 2 Chambres : 1 avec 1 lit double,  1 avec 2 lits simple, 2 salles de douche avec WC. 1 canapé convertible Cuisine tout équipée:frigo, four, machine à laver, bouilloire, toaster, micro ondes, machine à café Nespresso    PARIS 15ième arrondissement   Immeuble sécurisé (badge, digicode et visiophone) DUPLEX DE 63M² situé au 4ième et dernier étage.- SANS ASCENSEUR  6 couchages * 1 chambre avec 1 lit double,  * 1 chambre avec 2 lits simple, * 1 canapé convertible  2 salles de douche avec WC. Cuisine tout équipée:frigo, four, machine à laver, bouilloire, toaster, micro ondes, machine à café Nespresso,  presse agrumes... Accès internet en wifi A savoir : la chambre et le salon ne sont pour le moment munis que de store non occultant avis aux personnes ayant le sommeil léger et se réveillant au moindre rayon de lumière. Des rideaux doivent être installés mais cela n'est  pas pour tout de suite. Situé au 4ième et dernier étage (sans ascenseur) la vue de la chambre
10972	Libre à partir du   12 janvier 2015  	Rue  juge, appartement de deux pièces  (1 chambre)+ 1 canapé-lit de 40m2 à: 10 minutes à pieds de la tour Eiffel 100 mètres de la rue du commerce 2min du métro Dupleix 5 min du métro Lamotte-Picquet Grenelle Libre à partir du   12 janvier 2015  
10973	Grand balcon  avec une vue imprenable sur la tour Montparnasse.	'  Large studio of 40 m2 in front of the Montparnasse station. Bay window opening onto a large balcony. Nice view of the Montparnasse Tower. \ N  Separate well equipped kitchen. A large bathroom with tub  \ N \ n  Large balcony with stunning views of the Montparnasse tower.  \ N \ n  You will have access to the whole house: \ n  Salon \ n  Kitchen \ n  Bathroom \ n  Balcony  \ N \ n  Our pets are not allowed in \ 's apartment. \ N  No smoking!  \ N \ n  The baguettes and other pastries are delicious bakeries in the area. \ N  In the evening you can go out in the many bars and restaurants in the district of gaiety, a 5-minute walk away.  '
10974		Une  chambre est disponible dans un immeuble Haussmannien et sur cour. 12m2, idéalement situé à proximité de la Rue du Commerce, ce petit nid saura vous détendre pendant votre séjour. Un canapé-lit confort, une grande penderie ainsi que WC et SDB
10975	Appartement Parisien (type Haussmanien) très lumineux avec un agréable balcon donnant sur le salon et l'une des chambres. Parfait pour un petit déjeuner ensoleillé! Situé au 2ème étage, l'appartement dispose de 2 chambres spacieuses avec lit double (10m2 chacune), un salon cosy, une cuisine indépendante ainsi qu'une salle de bain (wc séparés). Typical Parisian and bright flat with a lovely balcony (both access to the room and the living room). Very pleasant for a sunny breakfast! Located at the 2nd floor, our flat has two charming and spacious bedrooms (10sqm), a cosy living room, an independant kitchen and a bathroom.	10-minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower  2- minutes walk from the subway (Line 6&10)  2- minutes walk from the Beaugrenelle Mall (Detax shopping, restaurants Appartement Parisien (type Haussmanien) très lumineux avec un agréable balcon donnant sur le salon et l'une des chambres. Parfait pour un petit déjeuner ensoleillé! Situé au 2ème étage, l'appartement dispose de 2 chambres spacieuses avec lit double (10m2 chacune), un salon cosy, une cuisine indépendante ainsi qu'une salle de bain (wc séparés). Typical Parisian and bright flat with a lovely balcony (both access to the room and the living room). Very pleasant for a sunny breakfast! Located at the 2nd floor, our flat has two charming and spacious bedrooms (10sqm), a cosy living room, an independant kitchen and a bathroom. Les voyageurs peuvent disposer de l'appartement en entier et d'un balcon privé. Travelers can enjoy the entire flat and a private balcony. Nous serions ravies de vous accueillir chez nous et de vous aider à découvrir 
10976	Situé au 5e étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, dans une ruelle calme, cet appartement haussmannien refait à neuf (hiver 2014) offre une belle luminosité et une vue dégagée. Vous pourrez même apercevoir la tête de la tour Eiffel ! A 5 minutes à pied de la station de métro Porte de Versailles et à 10 minutes en métro de la gare Montparnasse, l'appartement est le lieu idéal pour assister aux événements qui ont lieu au Parc des Expositions ou au Palais des Sports.  Une supérette ainsi que de nombreux restaurants vous permettront de vous restaurer facilement et à toute heure. 	Pour les voyages d'affaires ou pour visiter la capitale, cet appartement refait à neuf vous offre toute les commodités pour vous y sentir comme à la maison. Situé au 5e étage, vous pourrez profiter d'une vue dégagée et d'une belle luminosité. Situé au 5e étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien, dans une ruelle calme, cet appartement haussmannien refait à neuf (hiver 2014) offre une belle luminosité et une vue dégagée. Vous pourrez même apercevoir la tête de la tour Eiffel ! A 5 minutes à pied de la station de métro Porte de Versailles et à 10 minutes en métro de la gare Montparnasse, l'appartement est le lieu idéal pour assister aux événements qui ont lieu au Parc des Expositions ou au Palais des Sports.  Une supérette ainsi que de nombreux restaurants vous permettront de vous restaurer facilement et à toute heure.  D'une surface de 70 m2, ce 2 pièces vous donne accès à une chambre avec un lit double, une salle d'eau avec WC et cabine de douche, ainsi qu'à une cuisine toute équipée av
10977		Grand studio de 35m² proche métro 8, 12 et Tram T2 & T3. Situé à moins de 10 min à pied de Convention et de Porte de Versailles. Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Cuisine équipée avec lave linge, four, frigo. Douche - toilettes séparées + Balcon
10978	Studio renovated, with all comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris, whether for work or pleasure, for 2 nights or more	Nice small flat (25m2), near the Eiffel Tower. This apartment is refurbished, very clean. Close to all amenities, located on the ground floor, opens into a nice courtyard. Studio renovated, with all comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris, whether for work or pleasure, for 2 nights or more Do not hesitate if you have any questions Residential, quiet area. Shops nearby (Bakery 1mn, supermarket at 2min, Picard, laundry, butchers etc.), tourist places easily accessible in Paris. Subway lign 8 : Sations Lourmel or Boucicaut Tramway T3 : Station Balard Bus n° (phone number hidden) RER C : Station  Javel 
10979		Very nice apartment that can accommodate up to 4 people ( double bed and a comfortable sofa bed) . View on Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse Tower . Very functional and very comfortable! It's great to share it :)   
10980	- Résidence et quartier calme, à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel - Vue directement sur le parc Javel André Citroen - Appartement lumineux et confortable - Salle de bain avec baignorie-jacuzzi	"Ma soeur et moi louons une chambre spacieuse et limuneuse située dans une résidence et un quartier calme. Vue sur le Parc Javel André Citroen. King-size bed, dressing, table avec glace, salle de bain avec baignoire-jacuzzi, cuisine partagée. - Résidence et quartier calme, à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel - Vue directement sur le parc Javel André Citroen - Appartement lumineux et confortable - Salle de bain avec baignorie-jacuzzi Vous aurez accès à votre chambre (possiblité de fermer à clé, clé remise à votre arrivée) qui est divisée en une chambre de et une salle de bain avec toilette (séparée par une porte) qui vous est exclusivement  réservée. Le tout faisant 20m². Ma soeur et moi vivons dans le logement. Bien qu'absent la journée, nous sommes toutefois à votre disposition en cas de besoin quelconque. Alors n'hésitez pas ! Boulangerie, supermarché, coiffeur, Poste, et autres commerces à proximité immédiate. Arrêt de métro ""Javel-André Citroën"", Ligne 10 à 5 minutes à pieds. Bus 62 égal"
10981	APPARTEMENT de 37 m2- séparé en deux piéces-type hausmanien,meuble vieille france,une chambre deux lits, avec salle de bains marbre-entrée- séjour avec canapé lit 120 tres bon couchage-entrée WC séparé- cuisine équipée-lave vaiselle- plaque électrique- four- lave linge seche linge- micro onde- /cafetiére grille pain- bouilloire- fer a repasser- T.V chaines internationales et internet-appartement refait à neuf- draps fournis- petit animal accepté-immeuble hausmanien, 1 er étage- ascenseur-proximité tour effeil et champ de mars-(350 métres) trocadéro-invalides- école militaire- nombreux commerces et restaurants- quartier trés animé- metro station DUPLEIX-, ligne autobus direct de la gare de lyon à DUPLEIX N° 42,autobus qui traverse PARIS,passe aux champs elysees, concorde  et arrive a DUPLEIX.marche le mercredi et le dimanche-j'insiste pour le canapé lit, deux personnes peuvent y dormir mais le couchage est de 120, j 'accueille 4 personnes mais pour deux personnes c est plus confortable,	APPARTEMENT de 37 m2- séparé en deux piéces-type hausmanien,meuble vieille france,une chambre deux lits, avec salle de bains marbre-entrée- séjour avec canapé lit 120 tres bon couchage-entrée WC séparé- cuisine équipée-lave vaiselle- plaque électrique- four- lave linge seche linge- micro onde- /cafetiére grille pain- bouilloire- fer a repasser- T.V chaines internationales et internet-appartement refait à neuf- draps fournis- petit animal accepté-immeuble hausmanien, 1 er étage- ascenseur-proximité tour effeil et champ de mars-(350 métres) trocadéro-invalides- école militaire- nombreux commerces et restaurants- quartier trés animé- metro station DUPLEIX-, ligne autobus direct de la gare de lyon à DUPLEIX N° 42,autobus qui traverse PARIS,passe aux champs elysees, concorde  et arrive a DUPLEIX.marche le mercredi et le dimanche-j'insiste pour le canapé lit, deux personnes peuvent y dormir mais le couchage est de 120, j 'accueille 4 personnes mais pour deux personnes c est plus confortable,
10982	"Nice appartement into à Nice And calm neighborhood,plenty of restaurants And stops, thé neighborhood is called  Dupleix, 5min Walk from the Eiffel tower.    Métro station ""Dupleix"" its just next to. Thé kitchen And thé bathroom are separeted from thé bedroom. Thé appt si all fournished ( Tv,wm, wifi. Mini oven).  On the last floor of thé building, you Will have an amaizing cleary view."	"Nice appartement into à Nice And calm neighborhood,plenty of restaurants And stops, thé neighborhood is called  Dupleix, 5min Walk from the Eiffel tower.    Métro station ""Dupleix"" its just next to. Thé kitchen And thé bathroom are separeted from thé bedroom. Thé appt si all fournished ( Tv,wm, wifi. Mini oven).  On the last floor of thé building, you Will have an amaizing cleary view."
10983	L'appartement fait 35m2 et se trouve au pied du Champ de Mars, entre la Tour Eiffel et l'École Militaire. Il est au 3eme étage avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'un salon avec petit canapé dépliant, cuisine américaine très équipée avec bar, un salle de bain lumineuse avec baignoire et d'une grande chambre avec lit double. Il est placé dans un quartier plein de vie et très agréable à vivre. L'appartement, situé avenue de la Motte-Picquet mais donnant sur un petite impasse piétonne, est donc très silencieux.	Appartement très agréable de 35m2 au pied du Champ de Mars, entre la Tour Eiffel et l'École Militaire. Idéalement placé, vous avez accès à tout type de commerces, restaurants, boutiques… L'appartement est également très bien desservit L'appartement fait 35m2 et se trouve au pied du Champ de Mars, entre la Tour Eiffel et l'École Militaire. Il est au 3eme étage avec ascenseur. Il se compose d'un salon avec petit canapé dépliant, cuisine américaine très équipée avec bar, un salle de bain lumineuse avec baignoire et d'une grande chambre avec lit double. Il est placé dans un quartier plein de vie et très agréable à vivre. L'appartement, situé avenue de la Motte-Picquet mais donnant sur un petite impasse piétonne, est donc très silencieux. Les locataires ont accès a tout l'appartement et a la petite terrasse  Je serais ravie de vous donner des conseils ou informations supplémentaires pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible. Idéalement placé : appartement avenue de la Motte-Picquet
10984		idéalement situé au cœur de la rue du commerce avec de nombreux magasins. A 10min à pieds de la Tour Eiffel, très bien desservi avec trois lignes de métro (8,6,10).Studio avec cuisine équipée (four, plaques) Situé au 5ème étage sans ascensceur
10985	This is a 3 rooms appartment with one bedroom, one living room and one dining room. The kitchen, the toilets and bathroom are separated.  This appartment is for 4 people: one double bed in the bedroom and a convertible sofa very comfy in the living room. The appartment is equiped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a Nespresso machine for coffee, a microwave and an electric oven, a machine to make grilled sandwiches, raclette, and a blender. It has internet and wifi, cable Television (Canal +) and a DVD / blu ray device.	3 rooms appartment at Metro La Motte Picquet Grenelle, nearby the Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars (1 min walk) and many other touristic attractions by walk or metro. 1 bedroom and 1 living room with a sofa that converts into a bed. This is a 3 rooms appartment with one bedroom, one living room and one dining room. The kitchen, the toilets and bathroom are separated.  This appartment is for 4 people: one double bed in the bedroom and a convertible sofa very comfy in the living room. The appartment is equiped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a Nespresso machine for coffee, a microwave and an electric oven, a machine to make grilled sandwiches, raclette, and a blender. It has internet and wifi, cable Television (Canal +) and a DVD / blu ray device. All. We wouldn't be there during your stay but we will be in touch by phone or email even you need anything. The neighborhood is very convenient and nice to live in. A supermarket down the street, The Eiffel Tower and the Champ de Mars 
10986	Fully equipped kitchen, electric shutters, TV, Internet, Wifi, washing machine. Bed Extra large (200x200) Brand new bath room. 	ovely 37m2 apartment! Located on the first floor Non smoking owner, very clean place Near Commerce station and all the typically parisian shops around. 15 minutes by foot from the Champ de Mars Le logement     Fully equipped kitchen with microwave
10987	Logement en plein Paris juste à côté du métro.	Hello! Appartement de 27 m² au RDC. Il est composé d'un salon avec canapé d'angle réversible, les WC/salle de bain et la cuisine sont séparés. Il est meublé et est très pratique pour les visites sur la capitale. Bon séjour !!! Logement en plein Paris juste à côté du métro. Tout les équipements et accessoires sont diponibles. Sauf mes affaires personnels. Si besoin, je pourrai vous donner les informations que j'ai en ma possession. Métro ligne 12 - Porte de Versailles Tramway T2 -  Porte de Versailles
10988	Ideally located next to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, the apartment is on the 10th floor (two lifts) of a quiet residence with stunning views of the Eiffel Tower.  Two beautiful green terraces with tables, chairs and loungers: a morning-sunny one (for cozy-warm breakfast), the other for enlighten afternoons (photon-bathed lunches and “apéros”).  The flat is spacious (70m ²), very bright with large windows (double glazing) in the bedroom and living room. Lovely decor and design.  You can store your belongings and clothes in a dressing at the entrance. A double bed and 2 cozy armchairs with footrests are in the room - perfect for a movie night. Polar plaids and fan are available, depending on your night habits. In the living / dining room, one of the two sofas converts into a double bed with a very comfortable mattress. A large library filled with various books will make you travel, even from the flat.  The kitchen is fitted (large worktop, dishwasher with tablets available, washing ma	In the center of Paris, at a stone's throw from the Eiffel Tower and along the Seine river, welcome in a very cozy Parisian apartment, secure, charming and design. Enjoy the view, Welcome in Paris ! Ideally located next to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine, the apartment is on the 10th floor (two lifts) of a quiet residence with stunning views of the Eiffel Tower.  Two beautiful green terraces with tables, chairs and loungers: a morning-sunny one (for cozy-warm breakfast), the other for enlighten afternoons (photon-bathed lunches and “apéros”).  The flat is spacious (70m ²), very bright with large windows (double glazing) in the bedroom and living room. Lovely decor and design.  You can store your belongings and clothes in a dressing at the entrance. A double bed and 2 cozy armchairs with footrests are in the room - perfect for a movie night. Polar plaids and fan are available, depending on your night habits. In the living / dining room, one of the two sofas converts into a double bed wit
10989		Pour passer une semaine à Paris vous serez aux anges. Placé prêt de la célèbre rue du commerce et non loin de la tour Effeil vous profiterez de cet agréable 2 pièces afin de vous reposer après une journée de balade dans cette magnifique ville Paris
10990	This studio is located on the 1st floor of a good standard building with a lift and building keeper. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees, surrounded by business premises. This 30sqm studio to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The main room features an open fitted kitchen and the living / sleeping area. Two sofabeds will enable a total of 3 persons to sleep here : the largest sofabed sleeps two people (140×200) and the other will sleep one person only (120×200). Both have high quality mattresses for everyday use. Note that you don’t have to move the furniture if you want to open the double sofabed. A folding dining table is placed against the wall. It can also be opened to accomodate up to four guests. The bathroom features a large walk-in shower and toilet. This Paris apartment rental can sleep up to three guests. It is quiet and bright with modern features, in a very pleasant neighborhood where you will find everything you need.	Recently renewed, bright and quiet, you will love this charming, furnished Paris studio to rent for three people. In Montparnasse come and taste this slice of history that was the Rraring 20's! This studio is located on the 1st floor of a good standard building with a lift and building keeper. The windows open on a quiet courtyard with trees, surrounded by business premises. This 30sqm studio to rent in Paris has been entirely renewed recently. The main room features an open fitted kitchen and the living / sleeping area. Two sofabeds will enable a total of 3 persons to sleep here : the largest sofabed sleeps two people (140×200) and the other will sleep one person only (120×200). Both have high quality mattresses for everyday use. Note that you don’t have to move the furniture if you want to open the double sofabed. A folding dining table is placed against the wall. It can also be opened to accomodate up to four guests. The bathroom features a large walk-in shower and toilet. This Pari
10991		4 pièces au calme dans Paris 15ieme à proximité de Convention et du parc G.Brassens. Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes (lit d'appoint 2 prs). Profitez de son espace convivial avec sa véranda et à sa petite terrasse. Différents moyens de transports  accessibles pour flâner  dans les rues parisiennes.
10992	Very large dining room - living room area, very bright and spacious.	We are renting one pretty large room with a double bed in our large apartment.  Beautiful place in very nice neighboorhood (15 min walk to the Eiffel Tower but nice and quiet with quite a few good restaurants within 1-2 blocks).    Very large dining room - living room area, very bright and spacious. No access to our bedroom, all other spaces are accessible We are not planning much interaction, we actually might be out for part of the stay sometimes. We will be here to welcome you. Very close to Eiffel Tower (15-20 min walk). 5 bakeries, 2-3 butchers, 2 wine shops, cheese shops, 10 restaurants or bars all within 2 blocks. The new beaugrenelle shopping center is also less than 5 minutes away. One metro line (10) at our doorstep, two other lines (6 and 8) within 5-10 minutes. This listing is just for 2 people max sleeping in the guest bedroom. See separate listing for entire apartment when we are away.
10993	Very nice apt with vintage and stylish furniture.	Nice apt with 2 bedrooms and 1 living room. 55sq meters. Close to Eiffel tower. 50meters from metro Cambronne and 200meters from La Motte Picquet. Many shops, cafés, restaurants in this calm and secure area. Fully furnished kitchen. Very nice apt with vintage and stylish furniture. Metro Cambronne at 50meters Metro La Motte Picquet 200meters 5/10 min walk to Eiffel Tower To come from CDG or Orly Airport take the RER B until Denfert Rocherault and change for line 6 until Cambronne. Taxi station on place Cambronne 10meters from the apt. This is a very secure and calm area A lot a commerces, cafés and restaurant near by, the rue du commerce street at 50meters from the apt is a very good shopping area. Beaugrenelle, the new and biggest mall in Paris is 2 metro stations from the apt and is really cool. The park station is free in the street until 2015 so you can park very easily and without paying. The metro Cambronne is 1min walk from the apt (line 6) and the station Motte Picquet (line 6,
10994	- Terrasse 25m² (Table + 3 chaises) - TV câble (+ de 150 chaînes) - Internet wifi haut débit - Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, 2 plaques électriques, vaisselle) - Micro-ondes - Machine à expresso (capsules non fournies) - Machine à laver - Salle de bain avec baignoire - 2 serviettes de bain  - Savon - Papier toilettes - Chauffage électrique - Un canapé-lit double - 1 drap + 1 couette + 2 taies d'oreiller - Résidence totalement sécurisée avec digicode Nous pouvons communiquer par téléphone ou par email. En fonction de votre heure d'arrivée, je peux vous retrouver au métro le plus proche ou vous accueillir au pied de l'immeuble. Le XVe est situé sur la rive gauche de la Seine, dans le sud-ouest de Paris. Le studio se trouve à moins de 10 min à pied de la célèbre Tour Montparnasse.  Vous-y trouverez toutes les commodités : centre commercial, grands magasins, cinémas, théâtres, restaurants, bars, supermarchés, gare...  Métro ligne 12, Pasteur ou Volontaire Métro Ligne 6, Pasteur Bus 95, In	Studio de 27 m², situé en rez de jardin avec belle terrasse. Il comprend une grande pièce à vivre avec un canapé-lit double, une kitchenette ouverte entièrement équipée et une jolie salle de bain. Le tout dans une résidence moderne et sécurisée. - Terrasse 25m² (Table + 3 chaises) - TV câble (+ de 150 chaînes) - Internet wifi haut débit - Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, 2 plaques électriques, vaisselle) - Micro-ondes - Machine à expresso (capsules non fournies) - Machine à laver - Salle de bain avec baignoire - 2 serviettes de bain  - Savon - Papier toilettes - Chauffage électrique - Un canapé-lit double - 1 drap + 1 couette + 2 taies d'oreiller - Résidence totalement sécurisée avec digicode Nous pouvons communiquer par téléphone ou par email. En fonction de votre heure d'arrivée, je peux vous retrouver au métro le plus proche ou vous accueillir au pied de l'immeuble. Le XVe est situé sur la rive gauche de la Seine, dans le sud-ouest de Paris. Le studio se trouve à moins de 10 min à pi
10995		Situé à 15mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et à 5mn de la Seine, cette chambre double d'un appartement parisien est dans le XVe, à Boucicaut. La chambre ouvre sur un balcon exposé plein Sud.
10996		Appartement 110 m2 très Clair, vue dégagée sur Tour Eiffel , et Montparnasse. Cuisine repas, 2 salle de bains, 3 chambres, pouvant séparer côté parent/côté enfants.
10997		Cozy, luminous and calm flat opened onto a courtyard. Good for quiet nights in paris center. 27m2 with a separated room to sleep and a convertible couch.  Neighborhood with commerce/restaurants. 10 mins walk from Eiffel Tower. Lift,  Iron, boiler, washing machine
10998	Very well located in Paris (15th arrdt), you will love our house fully renovated in 2012 with 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and 2 fantastic terraces (50sqm and 20sqm).  At ground floor, you will find the master bedroom with its private bathroom (bathroom and shower) and terrace. On the first floor, you will find the kitchen, dining room and living room open to the terrace.  On the second floor 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  Our house is equipped with cable TV and Wifi Internet access.  Towels and linen will be provoded. 170sqm - 8 guests - availability : summer 2012 Access : tube (line 13), buses and tramway. 	Very well located in Paris (15th arrdt), you will love our house fully renovated in 2012 with 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and 2 fantastic terraces (50sqm and 20sqm).  At ground floor, you will find the master bedroom with its private bathroom (bathroom and shower) and terrace. On the first floor, you will find the kitchen, dining room and living room open to the terrace.  On the second floor 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  Our house is equipped with cable TV and Wifi Internet access.  Towels and linen will be provoded. 170sqm - 8 guests - availability : summer 2012 Access : tube (line 13), buses and tramway. 
10999	Joli petit studio de 20m² situé à 3min à pied de la Tour Eiffel au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Il comprend une mezzanine (lit 2 places), un canapé lit, une salle de douche récente avec WC, une kitchenette équipée avec réfrigérateur, four, plaques électriques, vaisselle, une TV. Localisation : situé dans une cours calme, à moins de 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars et Trocadero. Vous aurez un accès direct aux quais de Seine qui vous permettrons de vous rendre par une balade à pied très agréable de 2km jusqu'aux Invalides. Elle longe la Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, le musée du quai Branly, le pont de l'Alma, le palais de Tokyo, Musée d'Art Moderne et enfin les Invalides. Vous pourrez ainsi traversez le majestueux Pont Alexandre III pour rejoindre les champs Élysées entre le grand et le petit palais. Vous avez de multiples balades à faire à pied dans le centre touristique de Paris. 	Joli petit studio de 20m² à 3min à pied de la Tour Eiffel au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, endroit calme. Il comprend une mezzanine (lit 2 places), un canapé lit, une salle de douche avec WC, une kitchenette équipée avec réfrigérateur et four. Joli petit studio de 20m² situé à 3min à pied de la Tour Eiffel au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Il comprend une mezzanine (lit 2 places), un canapé lit, une salle de douche récente avec WC, une kitchenette équipée avec réfrigérateur, four, plaques électriques, vaisselle, une TV. Localisation : situé dans une cours calme, à moins de 5min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, Champs de Mars et Trocadero. Vous aurez un accès direct aux quais de Seine qui vous permettrons de vous rendre par une balade à pied très agréable de 2km jusqu'aux Invalides. Elle longe la Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, le musée du quai Branly, le pont de l'Alma, le palais de Tokyo, Musée d'Art Moderne et enfin les Invalides. Vous pourrez ainsi traversez le majestueux Pont Alexandre III pour rejoindr
11000	Appartement calme au 3 ème étage d'un immeuble situé dans une petite rue.  Quiet apartment on the 3rd floor of a building located in a small street.	Appartement clair, donnant sur une petite rue calme. Bright apartment in a quiet street. Appartement calme au 3 ème étage d'un immeuble situé dans une petite rue.  Quiet apartment on the 3rd floor of a building located in a small street. Quartier vivant, avec un grand nombre de commerces juste en bas de la rue (boulangerie, boucher, poissonnier, caviste, grande distribution ouverte tous les jours jusqu'à 22h). Il y a aussi le marché tous les mercredi et dimanche matin. Lively area, with many shops just down the street (bakery, butchery, fish shop, wine shop, supermarket open everyday until 10pm. There is also a market every Wednesday and Sunday morning. Vous trouverez les lignes 6/8/10 de métro, a 2 minutes à pied, qui desservent tout Paris. Le RER C pour aller à Versailles est à 5 minutes.  Il est relativement simple de se garer dans le quartier You will find the 6 / 8 / 10 subway lines, a 2 minutes walk, serving Paris. The RER C to Versailles is 5 mins away. It is quite easy to park 
11001	An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 people is perfect for your family or business trips. You are in walking distance from the Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is located on the 1st floor with elevator. There is one bedroom with double bed and a lot of space for your clothes! Three wardrobes, one of which is along the wall with a mirror, are all at your disposal. In the living room you will find a sofa bed for two persons, TV ( with 200 channels), WIFI and a little table near sofa and a table for work. The room is bright, with big windows which give a lot of light to the rooms. The american kitchen is fully equipped : cooker, cofee machine, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine, etc… In the bathroom there is a shower as well as the toilet. Clean linen, sheets, towels, shampoo, toilet paper and shower gel are provided. Very lively commercial area with a lot of shops nearby. A little square is just in  2 minutes walking. Near the apartment you will find a wide range of amenities a	An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 persons is perfect for your family or business trip. You are in walking distance from Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is situated on the 1st floor. An amazing, confortable apartment for 4 people is perfect for your family or business trips. You are in walking distance from the Eiffel Tower! This apartment of 35m2 is located on the 1st floor with elevator. There is one bedroom with double bed and a lot of space for your clothes! Three wardrobes, one of which is along the wall with a mirror, are all at your disposal. In the living room you will find a sofa bed for two persons, TV ( with 200 channels), WIFI and a little table near sofa and a table for work. The room is bright, with big windows which give a lot of light to the rooms. The american kitchen is fully equipped : cooker, cofee machine, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine, etc… In the bathroom there is a shower as well as the toilet. Clean linen, sheets, towels, shampoo, toilet paper
11002	Cozy apartment in a good location with 2 rooms –2 mn wolk from champs de mars and 5 mn from the Eiffel Tower – situated on the 3rd floor without elevator. The bedroom has a large comfortable bed.  A small living room is available with a TV, a dining table for 2 or 4 and a sofa convertible bed for 2 additional people. If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisian restaurants kitchenette is available.  Bathroom with shower equipped with various accessories for your daily life.	"Cosy apartment with one bedroom and one living room in a residence at 3 minutes from the metro station ""La Motte Piquet Grenelle"", 5 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for couple or group of friends to visit Paris. Cozy apartment in a good location with 2 rooms –2 mn wolk from champs de mars and 5 mn from the Eiffel Tower – situated on the 3rd floor without elevator. The bedroom has a large comfortable bed.  A small living room is available with a TV, a dining table for 2 or 4 and a sofa convertible bed for 2 additional people. If you do not succumb to the delicious Parisian restaurants kitchenette is available.  Bathroom with shower equipped with various accessories for your daily life. I am available to give all information that you will need to know. I decided to start this adventure after many stays with Airbnb hosts in different countries. My experiences allowed me to enrich myself and keep good contact. You are 2 mn walk from the Champ de Mars and 5 minutes from the Eiffel"
11003	Superbe vue sur la Seine et le Trocadéro. De cet appartement situé au 11ème étage d'une tour du quartier de Beaugrenelle, vous jouissez d'une vue à 160 degrés. La tour est complètement sécurisé, un gardien est toujours présent à l'accueil. Vous bénéficiez aussi d'un parking en sous sol de l'immeuble. L'immeuble est sur les quais de la Seine, à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et du champs de mars. L'appartement de 70m2 se compose d'un grand séjour avec une partie salle à manger. Une cuisine séparée, entièrement équipée. Une chambre avec un lit double en 160 cm et un coin bureau. Une salle de bain, équipée d'une baignoire. De toilettes séparées. La décoration est recherchée, des peintures, des meubles anciens, des souvenirs de voyage d'un globe trotter. Les vues sur la Seine sont magnifiques. Nous vous fournissons le linge de lit, des peignoirs et serviettes de toilettes. Internet haut débit, accessible en wifi,  une télévision avec les chaines étrangères. 	Superbe vue sur la Seine et le Trocadéro. De cet appartement situé au 11ème étage d'une tour du quartier de Beaugrenelle, vous jouissez d'une vue à 160 degrés. La tour est complètement sécurisé, un gardien est toujours présent à l'accueil. Vous bénéficiez aussi d'un parking en sous sol de l'immeuble. L'immeuble est sur les quais de la Seine, à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et du champs de mars. L'appartement de 70m2 se compose d'un grand séjour avec une partie salle à manger. Une cuisine séparée, entièrement équipée. Une chambre avec un lit double en 160 cm et un coin bureau. Une salle de bain, équipée d'une baignoire. De toilettes séparées. La décoration est recherchée, des peintures, des meubles anciens, des souvenirs de voyage d'un globe trotter. Les vues sur la Seine sont magnifiques. Nous vous fournissons le linge de lit, des peignoirs et serviettes de toilettes. Internet haut débit, accessible en wifi,  une télévision avec les chaines étrangères. 
11004		Charmant  2 pièces, très lumineux situé Paris 15ème, 15 min à pieds du Champs de Mars et 20 min d'Ecole Militaire. Commerces à proximité: centre commercial Beaugrenelle, rue du Commerce,., un matelas ou le canape lit est disponible dans le salon.
11005	Beautiful 2 bedrooms (2 queen size beds) flat with a large living room , fully equiped (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, hotplates).	Beautiful 2 bedrooms (2 queen size beds) flat with a large living room , fully equiped (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, hotplates). Close to all amenities : bakery, supermarket, drugstore, bar… Georges Brassens park at 3 min walk. Close to Metro 13 (Porte de Vanves 5min walk), Metro 12 (Porte de Versailles 12min walk), Tramway 3 (Brancion 1min walk). Close to Paris Expo Porte de Versailles. Spacious & quiet flat for up to 5 persons.
11006	Spatieux, comfortable, bright and ideal for a family. Two big bedrooms can welcome each two people, vast very sunny lounge / stay, fully-equipped and separate kitchen.  It is possible to welcome two additional people (sofa bed). All the comfort in the apartment.  The building is quiet, very cosy.	Vast Hausmanien  appartment with two bedrooms (queensize beds), confortable, equiped. Located in a big boulevard near porte de versailles in the very safe 15th district. At proximity of public transports. There are numerous very nice restaurants.  Spatieux, comfortable, bright and ideal for a family. Two big bedrooms can welcome each two people, vast very sunny lounge / stay, fully-equipped and separate kitchen.  It is possible to welcome two additional people (sofa bed). All the comfort in the apartment.  The building is quiet, very cosy. The flat is on the  2nd floor, there is a code in the evening and on week-end. I will manage to meet you or to have my neighbour meeting you to give you the key when you arrive and when you depart. The apartment is situated on a big boulevard at Porte de Versailles , in the very safe 15th district. There are numerous very nice  local restaurants.   The apartment iswell served by public transport. he flat is 100 meter away from the Tube station, métro
11007		L'appartement est lumineux, calme, climatisé (ventilateur), en bon état, proche des commerces, en face du parc George Brassens qui est très agréable, à 10 min à pied du parc des exposition. Le canapé-lit est très spacieux 2m/2m et très confortable. Les frais de ménage comprennent le prêt de draps et serviettes, et le nettoyage de l'appartement, ils sont à discuter lors de la réservation.
11008		       Je met à votre disposition mon studio spacieux,très lumineux,très bien meublé pour un confort maximum à 200 mètres de la Tour Eiffel et du champ de Mars. Il est entièrement équipé,draps et linge de bain sont fourni.
11009	This appartment is a very personal home. Decorated as a New York loft (open kitchen, wall bricks, bar...), it's a perfect place for a couple. The parquet, and some wood fournitures give a lot of charm to this place. I love to living here cause of the cocooning aspect of this lovely flat.	A very personal appartment, located in the south west of Paris. All shops and restaurants at less of 100 meters. Quiet and calm quarter. Five minutes by walk the metro line 12, will take you in the most beautiful places of Paris. This appartment is a very personal home. Decorated as a New York loft (open kitchen, wall bricks, bar...), it's a perfect place for a couple. The parquet, and some wood fournitures give a lot of charm to this place. I love to living here cause of the cocooning aspect of this lovely flat. When you arrive, I'll explain all the tips I can give you to enjoy faster your new place. Restaurants, city traveling, shops, I'll give you a useful and personalized map to find your way easier. You will enjoy a quiet quarter, calm, and with some good restaurants which I will give you the address. At less of 100 meters, you'll find all the shops you might need (pharmacy, supermarket, tabaco...) and at the bottom of the building, a typical french bakery. At less of 5 minutes by
11010	L'appartement est situé Avenue Felix Faure, au 4° étage d’un immeuble 1930 sans ascenseur. Il est constitué de deux  pièce  très lumineuse et dispose d’un canapé convertible de grand confort (200x140cm) , de la TV internationale (fibre optique) et du WI-Fi /internet. Une cuisine bien équipée (induction, frigidaire-congélateur, four, grille-pain, cafetière électrique,…) . Un lave-linge,et sèche-cheveux. Des toilettes et salle de bain separes, en augmentent le confort. L’entrée est sécurisée (2 code ).  Sont également fournis: draps, couette, serviettes et ustensiles de cuisine. Transport:  Le métro à 1mn (ligne 8, station Felix Faure ,5mn ligne 10 station Emile Zola et 10mn ligne 12 station Convention).  Les bus (phone number hidden)  vous emmèneront découvrir Paris, ses rêves et ses enchantements.  Eiffel Tower: 15 min à pied Champs-Elysées: 20 min direct bus Place de la Bastille: 30 min  direct metro Marais: 20 minutes  metro Louvre: 20 minutes direct bus  Les frais de ménage comprenn	L'appartement est situé Avenue Felix Faure, au 4° étage d’un immeuble 1930 sans ascenseur. Il est constitué de deux  pièce  très lumineuse et dispose d’un canapé convertible de grand confort (200x140cm) , de la TV internationale (fibre optique) et du WI-Fi /internet. Une cuisine bien équipée (induction, frigidaire-congélateur, four, grille-pain, cafetière électrique,…) . Un lave-linge,et sèche-cheveux. Des toilettes et salle de bain separes, en augmentent le confort. L’entrée est sécurisée (2 code ).  Sont également fournis: draps, couette, serviettes et ustensiles de cuisine. Transport:  Le métro à 1mn (ligne 8, station Felix Faure ,5mn ligne 10 station Emile Zola et 10mn ligne 12 station Convention).  Les bus (phone number hidden)  vous emmèneront découvrir Paris, ses rêves et ses enchantements.  Eiffel Tower: 15 min à pied Champs-Elysées: 20 min direct bus Place de la Bastille: 30 min  direct metro Marais: 20 minutes  metro Louvre: 20 minutes direct bus  Les frais de ménage comprenn
11011		Studio de 27 m2 au 2ème étage avec ascenseur au niveau du métro Boucicaut. 
11012		2 chambres avec deux lits 2 personnes (dont une avec clic clac), 1 cuisine (cafetière, lave linge, four, four micro onde...)et salle de bains (serviettes comprises) Proche métro Charles Michel (25 mètres) ou ligne C avenue du président Kennedy (radio France) Proche de la tour Effeil et tout commerce Tout l'appartement Juste à l'arrivée Proche de la Tour Eiffel  Centre commercial beaugrenelle, cinéma, Monoprix, Mark and spencer ... Metro Charles Michel à 2 min  RER C Avenue du Président Kennedy à 10 min a pied Metro ligne 10 Charles Michel au pied de l'appartement  Rer c avenue du président Kennedy a 10 min a pied
11013	I am an enthousiastic and helpuf person.  The apartment is in a really great neighborhood - amazing food and drinks all around. It is nice, clean and quiet	Hello, my name is Isabelle but my friends call me Isa.  Airbnb is a wonderful adventure and I hope to share it with you.  I am a keen on Paris and very open to meet with new people.  I am an enthousiastic and helpuf person.  The apartment is in a really great neighborhood - amazing food and drinks all around. It is nice, clean and quiet Tips and advices   The apartment is in a really great neighborhood - amazing shops, food and drinks all around, a lot of possibilities to go very quickly in other grat places of Paris Métros Dupleix (l.6), Felix Faure (l.8), Charles Michels (l.10) RER C (Javel) à 8 min Bus 88 et 70 (direction Châtelet)
11014	Close to the eiffel tour, two minutes by walk from the metro.  Surface 70 square measure, pretty 3 bedrooms with : - 2 bedrooms  -1 bedroom for 1person : 90X 190, real bed. For rent - A living room, sofa  - Bathroom with a big shower cabine  - Fully equipped kitchen : Fridge freezer, gas cooker, oven, coffee maker, kettle The flat is located in a nice haussmanien building, 5 min by walk from champs de mars, well deserved, bus and 3 metro lines (10,8,6) Quiet, SAFE area, no risk entry system, concierge, elevator.  There is a tipical outside Market on wednesday and sunday mornings. Selling fruits, veggies, fish, meat, and clothes Two metro stations allowing you to be in the center of the latin quarter or at Notre-Dame Cathedral in 15 minutes (the historical Paris, heart of the parisian life, full of restaurants, charming little shops...). For more comfort, will be provided : - Sheets and Towels - Washing machine - Washing dishes - TV Plasma - Internet en Wifi 	Nice bedroom to rent, great location and typical haussmanien style !!! close to the Eiffel Tour, groceries, public transport, quiet and safe area.  Close to the eiffel tour, two minutes by walk from the metro.  Surface 70 square measure, pretty 3 bedrooms with : - 2 bedrooms  -1 bedroom for 1person : 90X 190, real bed. For rent - A living room, sofa  - Bathroom with a big shower cabine  - Fully equipped kitchen : Fridge freezer, gas cooker, oven, coffee maker, kettle The flat is located in a nice haussmanien building, 5 min by walk from champs de mars, well deserved, bus and 3 metro lines (10,8,6) Quiet, SAFE area, no risk entry system, concierge, elevator.  There is a tipical outside Market on wednesday and sunday mornings. Selling fruits, veggies, fish, meat, and clothes Two metro stations allowing you to be in the center of the latin quarter or at Notre-Dame Cathedral in 15 minutes (the historical Paris, heart of the parisian life, full of restaurants, charming little shops...). For
11015	This is the perfect place for your stay in Paris: 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower, 2 min to shops, Parisian typical market on Sundays and subway stations La Motte Picquet Grenelle, Dupleix, Commerce and Avenue Emile Zola (lines 6, 8 and 10). In the heart of the 15 district, close to the Seine and ideally situated in the lively area of Grenelle, this cosy, renovated apartment in 2012, is situated in street Violet, 5 min walk to shops, restaurants, bars and supermarkets. This apartment is a studio full of charm and modern of 30m2, situated in the 3rd floor. It gives onto a yard and a quiet street.  This studio offers all the comfort, with a sofa bed for 2 , a TV flat screen, WI FI, speakers in the ceiling,... The kitchen is totally equipped with a coffee machine, a toaster, a fridge-freezer, a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher, a washing machine and all you need to cook, eat and drink... The modern bathroom has an Italian-style shower and separate toilet. The building is secured and p	This is the perfect place for your stay in Paris: 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower, 2 min to shops, Parisian typical market on Sundays and subway stations La Motte Picquet Grenelle, Dupleix, Commerce and Avenue Emile Zola (lines 6, 8 and 10). In the heart of the 15 district, close to the Seine and ideally situated in the lively area of Grenelle, this cosy, renovated apartment in 2012, is situated in street Violet, 5 min walk to shops, restaurants, bars and supermarkets. This apartment is a studio full of charm and modern of 30m2, situated in the 3rd floor. It gives onto a yard and a quiet street.  This studio offers all the comfort, with a sofa bed for 2 , a TV flat screen, WI FI, speakers in the ceiling,... The kitchen is totally equipped with a coffee machine, a toaster, a fridge-freezer, a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher, a washing machine and all you need to cook, eat and drink... The modern bathroom has an Italian-style shower and separate toilet. The building is secured and p
11016	Logement entier est à votre disposition 	Agréable 2 pièces à convention au 1 er étage (pratique pour les valises),  32 m2, situé à 2 minutes à pied du métro Convention (à 2 stations de la porte de Versailles). Charme de l'ancien avec moulures au mur, cheminée, parquet au sol, cuisine équipée, salle de douche (eau avec pression), toilettes séparés, confortable et très propre. Logement entier est à votre disposition Je suis disponible pour toute information sur les restos, bar, shopping, ... Quartier agréable, très commerçant, Restaurants, bar, très grande librairie, shopping ... à 2 mins à pied du grand marché (mardi, jeudi et dimanche matin)  à 10 mins à pied de la rue du commerce (zara, H&M ...)  à 15 mins en bus 80 de la Tour Eiffel (ou 7 mins en vélib). 2 mins à pied du Métro CONVENTION ligne 12  (à 2 stations de Porte de Versailles et 5 stations de la gare Montparnasse) 10 mins à pied du Métro COMMERCE ligne 8 (à 5 stations de concorde) Arrêt de bus au pied de l'immeuble Ligne de bus 80, ligne 39
11017		Un beau deux pièces de 50m2, tout équipé et idéalement situé dans un square calme et sécurisé à 10 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, à 2 min à pied de la station de métro Cambronne et proche de tout commerce.
11018		Situé à quelques encablures de Montparnasse, au métro Convention, voici ce charmant studio, au rez de chaussée sur une cour arborée, typiquement artiste parisien. Nous venons de le rénover. Tout est neuf... Vous trouverez un lit en 160 pour deux personnes, la télévision écran plat et 10 chaînes, internet par wifi, une cuisine équipée Le studio est à louer à partir de trois jours et pour plusieurs mois si vous le désirez
11019	Bedroom with bed for 2 persons and a dressing Living room with a confortable sofa-bed  Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine, blender ...) with a dining table Bathroom with bathtub	"Cozy apartment in a 1800's building Safe neighborhood, village atmosphere, public gardens, good restaurants, cinema, shopping 5 minutes walking from the tube: direct lines to Champs-Elysées, Concorde/Louvre, Notre-Dame, Montmartre, Musée d'Orsay Bedroom with bed for 2 persons and a dressing Living room with a confortable sofa-bed  Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine, blender ...) with a dining table Bathroom with bathtub I'll be there to welcome you, show you the flat and give you all the advices and ""tricks"" to make your stay in Paris as pleasant as possible a ""real"" safe and friendly neighborhood where life is good: public gardens, full of good restaurants... 5 minutes from the Beaugrenelle shopping mall and the Seine 5 minutes walking from the tube: line 8 (Champs Elysées, Concorde/Louvre, Bastille), 10 (Notre-Dame/Odéon) and 12 (Musée d'Orsay, Montparnasse, Montmartre) 10 minutes walking from the train (RER C) direct to Versailles Feel at home and "
11020	This apartment of 60 m2, in an old stone building, have been renovated by my father with typical and authentic materials, which gave him an exceptional style. There is an parquet floor of quality in every room of the flat, except in the kitchen and in the bathroom where there are terra-cotta tiles. There is also two bedroom and a living room which can be easily switch into an other bedroom. Depending on what you prefere, I could switch between the single bed in the bedroom and the two-person futon in the living room.	Cosy, bright and calm appartement  with two independant double bedroom (one double bed is not on the pictures), next to Convention and Porte de Versailles, a place of exception in Paris. This apartment of 60 m2, in an old stone building, have been renovated by my father with typical and authentic materials, which gave him an exceptional style. There is an parquet floor of quality in every room of the flat, except in the kitchen and in the bathroom where there are terra-cotta tiles. There is also two bedroom and a living room which can be easily switch into an other bedroom. Depending on what you prefere, I could switch between the single bed in the bedroom and the two-person futon in the living room. The entire flat will be available except an small office (about 5 m2) The lift will also be available to reach the apartment (4th floor) I'll be very accommodating host, which means that you can arrive as late as you want, and as early as you want if there is no one just before you. It wil
11021	This 11 meter square little studio has a kitchen corner and a bathroom (with a shower, no bath) : the essential for a trip in Paris. The building has an elevator! Nevertheless, you must know that the private toilets are in a room that doesn't communicate directly with the apartment, you'll access the toilets from the corridor. You just have to cross the street to go to the laundromat.	"Studio in a charming neighborhood of Paris, surrounded  by many little parisian boutiques on the Rue du Commerce. The studio is 10min away from the Eiffel Tower. It is 11m2, newly painted and has a kitchen corner and a bathroom. This 11 meter square little studio has a kitchen corner and a bathroom (with a shower, no bath) : the essential for a trip in Paris. The building has an elevator! Nevertheless, you must know that the private toilets are in a room that doesn't communicate directly with the apartment, you'll access the toilets from the corridor. You just have to cross the street to go to the laundromat. You'll have the studio just for you during your journey. I'll be there to welcome you and you'll be able to contact me at any time if you need an information, an advice or some help. The name ""rue du Commerce"" means that there are lots of nice typical little shops where you can buy cloths, shoes, wine, bread, cheese, vegetables, meat, fish, ... There even is an organic bakery in t"
11022	THE APPARTMENT On the 5th floor, the apartment is well lit. The wood floor is typical of the Parisian 1920s. Your room is fully furnished with a very comfortable bed, desk, library, clothing cupboard and complementary Wifi access.  It is part of a 3 bedrooms appartment (361 sqf in total) with casual and elegant French Country style furniture. The shared bathroom includes an Italian style shower and breathtaking shower system with its 6 adjustable body spray which provide top of the art massaging features, the Raindances overhead shower provides relaxing wellness. A towel warmer will add to this wellness. The restroom is separate. You can use the kitchen’s fridge and microwave for warming up some meals. The living room offers a medium grand piano for you to enjoy and practice, if you wish so.  For travelers staying 5 days or more, a washing machine is available.  Free wifi, bed linen, hair dryer and towels are provided, as well as a French breakfast with daily fresh bread and home made 	Charming private room in a typical & secured Haussmann building 5mns walk from the Champs de Mars where the Eiffel Tower is located & 5 mns to UNESCO. This cozy little nest will allow you to relax after a hectic day in Paris most famous neighborhood! THE APPARTMENT On the 5th floor, the apartment is well lit. The wood floor is typical of the Parisian 1920s. Your room is fully furnished with a very comfortable bed, desk, library, clothing cupboard and complementary Wifi access.  It is part of a 3 bedrooms appartment (361 sqf in total) with casual and elegant French Country style furniture. The shared bathroom includes an Italian style shower and breathtaking shower system with its 6 adjustable body spray which provide top of the art massaging features, the Raindances overhead shower provides relaxing wellness. A towel warmer will add to this wellness. The restroom is separate. You can use the kitchen’s fridge and microwave for warming up some meals. The living room offers a medium grand
11023	Ce magnifique appartement de 2 pièces est situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur dans le quartier de Montparnasse. Idéal pour le séjour de 2 ou 4 personnes, profitez d'un emplacement recherché dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris.  D'une surface de 40 m², le Dulac dévoile un salon clair et lumineux ainsi qu'un espace détente avec canapé convertible et télévision écran plat. La cuisine semi-séparée est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. La chambre double confortable dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels et une salle de bains avec baignoire et machine à laver complète ce bien. Une connexion Internet en wifi est disponible en illimité.  The Apartment Features: Living room with TV and dining area Separated and fully furnished kitchen  Double bedroom with closet Bathroom Free Wifi throughout  Located in a convenient area, close to public transportation and TGV train station (direct shuttles to the Airport)	Beau 2 pièces meublé de 40 m² dans le quartier de Montaparnasse, Paris 15° Ce magnifique appartement de 2 pièces est situé au 4ème étage d'un immeuble moderne avec ascenseur dans le quartier de Montparnasse. Idéal pour le séjour de 2 ou 4 personnes, profitez d'un emplacement recherché dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris.  D'une surface de 40 m², le Dulac dévoile un salon clair et lumineux ainsi qu'un espace détente avec canapé convertible et télévision écran plat. La cuisine semi-séparée est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. La chambre double confortable dispose de rangements pour vos effets personnels et une salle de bains avec baignoire et machine à laver complète ce bien. Une connexion Internet en wifi est disponible en illimité.  The Apartment Features: Living room with TV and dining area Separated and fully furnished kitchen  Double bedroom with closet Bathroom Free Wifi throughout  Located in a convenient area, close to public transportation and TGV train stati
11024	This is a typical haussmannien parisian building with real wooden floors, mouldings on the ceiling, metallic white shutters, etc. The apartment is cosy, spacious and functionnal, my bedroom is large and well furnished (tv monitor, music speaker, piano, king size bed).  I have been living here for the last 2 years with two good friends, we have all begun working in Paris after graduating. It would be a pleasure to give tips on what to do, where to go out if this is your first time in Paris.	Beautiful apartment in the middle of the 15th arrondissment. Large room with an exceptional bed, bright and spacious living room and well-equipped ! Public transportation are 1 minute away, you can't think of a better place to stay at! This is a typical haussmannien parisian building with real wooden floors, mouldings on the ceiling, metallic white shutters, etc. The apartment is cosy, spacious and functionnal, my bedroom is large and well furnished (tv monitor, music speaker, piano, king size bed).  I have been living here for the last 2 years with two good friends, we have all begun working in Paris after graduating. It would be a pleasure to give tips on what to do, where to go out if this is your first time in Paris. The metro (subway) is down the street and it is super easy to get back to our flat from anywhere in Paris (it will take you less than 30 minutes at normal hours). There are also bus stations down the street. It is nicer because you can see Paris but it can be pretty lo
11025		Superbe appartement de 35 m2 situé dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris entre Métro Convention et Porte de Versailles. Composé d’un séjour (avec un grand canapé-lit pour 2 personnes) et dune chambre avec lit double. 3 ème étage avec ascenseur.
11026	Appartement équipé et connecté très calme. Literie neuve et de qualité.	F1 bis moderne situé au cœur du quartier Convention dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Cet appartement très lumineux avec vue sur cour arborée est équipé de tout le confort nécessaire et doté d'équipements de qualité. A 10 minutes à pied du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Appartement équipé et connecté très calme. Literie neuve et de qualité. Accès à l'intégralité du logement et de ses équipements. Disponible pour tous renseignements tout au long du séjour. Le 15e arrondissement est le plus vaste et le plus peuplé de Paris. Ici, des commerces, mais aussi quelques musées intéressants comme celui de la Poste, le musée Pasteur, ainsi que la cité d’artistes « du 21 » (21, avenue du Maine), vestige de la grande époque où Montparnasse était le repaire des artistes et intellectuels de la première moitié du XXe siècle. De grands espaces verts aèrent le 15e arrondissement, dont le parc André Citroën. C’est aussi là que se trouve le Parc des Expositions, plus grand lieu événe
11027	Nice typical parisian flat for a family or friends- 110 sq meter. Spectacular view on Eiffel Tower Ideally situated: 50 meters from metro La Motte Piquet Grenelle (line 6,8 and 10). 200 meters from Champ de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire, Invalides. 10 minutes away from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. Very clear and very quiet. Large balcony with a amazing view on the Eiffel Tower (ideal for a parisian breakfast or a romantic drink) 3 independant bedrooms: 1 parent bedroom, with a double bed (1,6m x 2m), large television and Internet access. 2 other bedrooms; 3 real single beds (0,9m x 2m) 2 bathrooms, one shower and bath tub. 5th fllor with elevator, the building is  typically parisian (haussmann style, build in 1900) There are lot of shops in the area, 2 bakeries at the corner of the street, a supermarket also. La rue du Commerce is nearby and is famous for all its clothes stores.  You will find also a great choice of restaurants and bars. The area is very safe. All our gues	Nice typical parisian flat for a family or friends- 110 sq meter. Spectacular view on Eiffel Tower Ideally situated: 50 meters from metro La Motte Piquet Grenelle (line 6,8 and 10). 200 meters from Champ de Mars, Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire, Invalides. 10 minutes away from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. Very clear and very quiet. Large balcony with a amazing view on the Eiffel Tower (ideal for a parisian breakfast or a romantic drink) 3 independant bedrooms: 1 parent bedroom, with a double bed (1,6m x 2m), large television and Internet access. 2 other bedrooms; 3 real single beds (0,9m x 2m) 2 bathrooms, one shower and bath tub. 5th fllor with elevator, the building is  typically parisian (haussmann style, build in 1900) There are lot of shops in the area, 2 bakeries at the corner of the street, a supermarket also. La rue du Commerce is nearby and is famous for all its clothes stores.  You will find also a great choice of restaurants and bars. The area is very safe. All our gues
11028	This 4th floor courtyard 47m2 apartment with elevator was remodeled in 2011 with all mod cons. Situated in a very lively neighborhood filled with cafes, parks, grocers, wine merchants, bakeries, a Monop next door, #8 & #10 metro. Walk to Eiffel Tower This apartment has been in my family for 4 generations. We opened up the wall in the kitchen to give the space a bigger feel and it worked quite well! Furnished with family antiques, a fully equipped kitchen and a washer and dryer. The natural latex Dunlopillo mattress in the bedroom sleeps two and the day bed in the living room sleeps an additional adult. The apartment is very quiet with zero street noise. These photos were taken in the winter, so they appear a bit dark, but the unit does get great daytime sun in the spring/summer/fall months!  Double entry secured building with a full time guardien who has been with us for 30 years and speaks French and Spanish.  I live in the building and will meet you personally when you arrive. Paris 	Adorable and quiet apartment with lots of daytime sun, perfectly situated off Rue du Commerce in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. This 4th floor courtyard 47m2 apartment with elevator was remodeled in 2011 with all mod cons. Situated in a very lively neighborhood filled with cafes, parks, grocers, wine merchants, bakeries, a Monop next door, #8 & #10 metro. Walk to Eiffel Tower This apartment has been in my family for 4 generations. We opened up the wall in the kitchen to give the space a bigger feel and it worked quite well! Furnished with family antiques, a fully equipped kitchen and a washer and dryer. The natural latex Dunlopillo mattress in the bedroom sleeps two and the day bed in the living room sleeps an additional adult. The apartment is very quiet with zero street noise. These photos were taken in the winter, so they appear a bit dark, but the unit does get great daytime sun in the spring/summer/fall months!  Double entry secured building with a full time guardien who has be
11029	The space has a lot of light and is well structured with a huge glass window.	Charming 24 sq m Studio with balcony located in the heart of Paris. 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. Very calm and safe area, yet animated with many restaurants and shopping mall. Metro Line 6, 8, 10 nearby. WIFI and all amenities available The space has a lot of light and is well structured with a huge glass window. You will have plenty access to the whole studio and all the amenities. Internet, WIFI. I provide you towels and all the informations you need to move around the area I will be available if you have any problem, any questions, do not hesitate to contact me :) I have the chance to live in a very lively and at the same time quiet area. There are several (email hidden) walk, I am surrounded by grocery stores, there is a big shopping mall nearby and the best is that you can see the Eiffel Tower from the main street which is 75m away.  The place is easily accesible by metro, bus.
11030		Studio très lumineux, avec balcon donnant sur cour, au coeur d'un quartier commerçant et proche de la tour Eiffel. 
11031	The Studio is in a 20th century building. The entrance gate is protected by a security system. This apartment has 31 square meters and is fully furnished with a real queen-size bed (160/200cm), a spatious balcony with view to the calm parc George Brassens, a cosy sofa, where you can relax and still enjoy the view. 	This apartment of 31m2 is shiny and cosy. It can welcome two people and is well located in a quiet street, close from Montparnasse. Enjoy the kitchen, his nice balcony and its proximity to supermarket, restaurants and transport. The Studio is in a 20th century building. The entrance gate is protected by a security system. This apartment has 31 square meters and is fully furnished with a real queen-size bed (160/200cm), a spatious balcony with view to the calm parc George Brassens, a cosy sofa, where you can relax and still enjoy the view. The kitchen is fully equipped with stove, oven, fridge, washing machine and all the other cooking and dining equipment you might need. Plus, we have a Nescafé coffee machine. The bathroom provides a bath, and WC. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. There is a closet where personal belongings can be put.  Other commodities include Stereo and high speed internet with WI FI  I make every effort to welcome all my guests in person on a
11032	We are a couple offering a room for rent in our apartment, in the neighborhood of Charles Michels (15th arrondissement of Paris) :    - 10 minutes by foot to the Eiffel Tower ...    - 10 minutes by metro to the Montparnasse train station ...    - 20 minutes by metro to the Opera district, to Notre-Dame ...    - 25 minutes by metro to La Defense, Porte de Versailles, the Austerlitz train station ... The apartment is located in a modern and well-maintained 9 floors with elevator. It has an area of about 80 m2 and is composed of 2 bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. It is located near the metro stations Charles Michels, Emile Zola, La Motte-Piquet-Grenelle, Dupleix and Bir-Hakeim (Metro 10, 8 and 6). In the immediate neighborhood are: - supermarkets (Monoprix, Carrefour Market, Carrefour City, Picard, Franprix ...) - bakeries - bank branches (LCL, Société Générale, BNP Paribas ...) - restaurants - Barber - pharmacies - physicians The room is large, with access to 	We are a couple offering a room for rent in our apartment, in the neighborhood of Charles Michels (15th arrondissement of Paris) :    - 10 minutes by foot to the Eiffel Tower ...    - 10 minutes by metro to the Montparnasse train station ...    - 20 minutes by metro to the Opera district, to Notre-Dame ...    - 25 minutes by metro to La Defense, Porte de Versailles, the Austerlitz train station ... The apartment is located in a modern and well-maintained 9 floors with elevator. It has an area of about 80 m2 and is composed of 2 bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet. It is located near the metro stations Charles Michels, Emile Zola, La Motte-Piquet-Grenelle, Dupleix and Bir-Hakeim (Metro 10, 8 and 6). In the immediate neighborhood are: - supermarkets (Monoprix, Carrefour Market, Carrefour City, Picard, Franprix ...) - bakeries - bank branches (LCL, Société Générale, BNP Paribas ...) - restaurants - Barber - pharmacies - physicians The room is large, with access to 
11033	Chambre calme et claire dans une vraie maison à Paris, au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Accès aux WC et à la salle de bain partagés, à la cuisine et aux espaces de vie. Proche des transports, à 1 min des commerces et à quelques minutes du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel!	Charmante d'artiste claire et calme, à haut plafond avec deux velux et une fenêtre avec vue sur une grande terrasse et sur la Tour Eiffel. La chambre est au deuxième étage de la maison, elle dispose de deux vrai lits simples avec de bon matelas. Chambre calme et claire dans une vraie maison à Paris, au 2ème étage sans ascenseur. Accès aux WC et à la salle de bain partagés, à la cuisine et aux espaces de vie. Proche des transports, à 1 min des commerces et à quelques minutes du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel! Les hôtes ont accès aux toilettes attenantes à la chambre, et à la salle de douche (partagées avec notre fil uniquement). Nos hôtes ont accès au 1er étage et à l'étage de la chambre mais pas au 3ème étage. Accès à la cuisine le matin entre 6h et 10h:  une étagère dans le frigo, bouilloire, cafetière, grille-pain, micro-ondes, vaisselle.  Nous demandons à nos hôtes du calme et pas de bruits après 22h. Les habitants de la maison (entre 3 et 5) ont tous des activités prenantes so
11034	The flat is extremely sunny and perfectly calm ! 6 windows in total and double glazed windows. The flat is brand new painted.  There is no lost spaces and you feel at ease immediately. It has the charm of old Parisian flats but the commodity of modern equipment. The US bar is cool to have a drink or dinner, the living-room is large, the bedroom is nice, the bathroom has a bath and WC are separated. You can use all the equipment provided (dishwasher, washing machine, hair dryer, coffee machine, microwave, TV, wifi...)  The area is very safe and familial.  You have bars & restaurants in the streets or around, a Starbucks at 3 minutes, Montparnarsse and Eiffel Tower nearby, a cinema at 5 min, supermarkets (Carrefour, Picard, Leader Price...) at 5 min, a very nice and typical Market at 5 min, bakeries, clothes, etc...	2-3 rooms 44m2 brand new charming apt.  3rd floor, very sunny and very calm. Safe area, metro @4min, not far from Eiffel Tower. Big living room, US bar, equipped-kitchen, nice bedroom, bath, separate WC. Parquet, piano, nice view, wifi/equipment. The flat is extremely sunny and perfectly calm ! 6 windows in total and double glazed windows. The flat is brand new painted.  There is no lost spaces and you feel at ease immediately. It has the charm of old Parisian flats but the commodity of modern equipment. The US bar is cool to have a drink or dinner, the living-room is large, the bedroom is nice, the bathroom has a bath and WC are separated. You can use all the equipment provided (dishwasher, washing machine, hair dryer, coffee machine, microwave, TV, wifi...)  The area is very safe and familial.  You have bars & restaurants in the streets or around, a Starbucks at 3 minutes, Montparnarsse and Eiffel Tower nearby, a cinema at 5 min, supermarkets (Carrefour, Picard, Leader Price...) at 5
11035	Un logement spacieux (80m2) plus un balcon donnant sur un parc et lumineux! L'appartement est situé dans une résidence très calme et dans un quartier agréable avec des commerces de proximité. Une grand cuisine avec four. Micro-ondes, plaques chauffantes, lave-vaisselle, grille pain et bouilloire ou il est possible de diner en petit comité (2/3 personnes) Un grand salon avec un côté télévision et canapé et un autre cote avec une grand table pour prendre les repas! Un salle de bain avec baignoire et lavabo, les toilettes étant dans une pièce indépendante. Verrouillage des volets automatique avec un bouton central à  l'entrée. Une télévision et une console de jeux wii est mise à disposition ainsi que le wifi (bonne qualité)	Appartement de 80m2 situé au métro Lourmel (1 min à pied du métro), proches de tous commerces. 2 chambres séparées avec lit double, une salle de bain et un WC indépendant,grande cuisine toute équipée et un grand salon. Balcon donnant sur un parc.
11036	"Furnished apartment 20 sqm Located Rue du Commerce, Paris 15th.  This wonderful home is filled with light.  Fully Equipped: - Kitchen: Freezer, micro-wave oven, dishes, coffee maker, toaster, bar table, washing machine - Sleeping area: sofa (140 cm bed), Linens included, wardrobe, LCD TV set, Internet connection, Free Wifi. - Bathroom: Shower, sink, toilet, towels included;  Neighborhood: Public transport: Underground entrance ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"", Bus No. 80 (Porte de Versailles) Velib's station at the botton of the studio. The nearby Champs de Mars, Ecoles Militaires, Tour Eiffel and Trocadéro are among the great landmarks of this district.  Stores: there are a lot of nice and trendy restaurant; a supermarket open up to 10PM, open Pharmacist 7 / 7 to midnight; fashion stores; Markets on Wednesday and Sunday.  You can find downstairs a bank to withdraw cash, a post office and a lot of wonderful traditional shops.  PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK WITH ME FOR AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING "	"Furnished apartment 20 sqm Located Rue du Commerce, Paris 15th.  This wonderful home is filled with light.  Fully Equipped: - Kitchen: Freezer, micro-wave oven, dishes, coffee maker, toaster, bar table, washing machine - Sleeping area: sofa (140 cm bed), Linens included, wardrobe, LCD TV set, Internet connection, Free Wifi. - Bathroom: Shower, sink, toilet, towels included;  Neighborhood: Public transport: Underground entrance ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"", Bus No. 80 (Porte de Versailles) Velib's station at the botton of the studio. The nearby Champs de Mars, Ecoles Militaires, Tour Eiffel and Trocadéro are among the great landmarks of this district.  Stores: there are a lot of nice and trendy restaurant; a supermarket open up to 10PM, open Pharmacist 7 / 7 to midnight; fashion stores; Markets on Wednesday and Sunday.  You can find downstairs a bank to withdraw cash, a post office and a lot of wonderful traditional shops.  PLEASE ALWAYS CHECK WITH ME FOR AVAILABILITY BEFORE BOOKING "
11037	Notre logement est lumineux, calme, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, avec des fenêtres double-vitrage et totalement équipé et confortable ! Nous partagerons avec plaisir nos bonnes adresses et nos bons plans dans Paris, pour votre meilleur séjour !	Venez poser vos valises mairie du 15ème, entre la Tour Montparnasse et la Tour Eiffel, dans un quartier calme et sûr!  Nous offrons une chambre avec un lit double, une salle à manger et un séjour avec canapé-lit 2 places, dans un appartement de 60m2 Notre logement est lumineux, calme, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, avec des fenêtres double-vitrage et totalement équipé et confortable ! Nous partagerons avec plaisir nos bonnes adresses et nos bons plans dans Paris, pour votre meilleur séjour ! Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement : 1 chambre au calme avec salle de bains en enfilade (1 seul accès à la salle de bains), une salle à manger, un salon cosy avec TV, chaîne Hi-Fi, lecteur DVD, connexion Wi-fi, cuisine équipée… Seule consigne : respecter nos effets personnels et notre voisinage ! Lors de la remise des clefs, nous vous donnerons nos astuces, bons plans et bonnes adresses pour faciliter votre séjour.  Ensuite, vous profitez de l'appartement en toute tranquillité ! Le quartier de la
11038		Hi ! We rent our cosy apartment, fully furnished, in a nice neighborhood : - one bed-room  - a small living room with a sofa wich can also become a bed for 2 - a big living-room with a kitchen - a bath room. You will find all the comodities around
11039		Atelier d'artiste - Deux-pièces charmant avec parquet et lumineux - à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel - dans quartier animé et commerçant (rue du Commerce) - peut loger deux personnes (grand lit !!), avec une cuisine équipée et une vraie salle de bain !
11040	Petit cour intérieure 	Joli petit studio de 25m2 en rdc au cœur du 15eme avec petite cour proche des Invalides, de la Tour Eiffel et de Montparnasse. Petit cour intérieure Quartier calme et familial proche de toutes commodités Ligne 12 metro Volontaires, Ligne 6 metro Pasteur
11041	Apartment of 20 m2 next to the Eiffel Tower in a quiet, safe and pleasant neightbourhood. Perfect for 2 people. Apartment : - Totally renovate - 4th floor, no lift/elevator (sorry...) - Separate bedroom with double sofa bed - Entrance with kitchen en washing machine - Separate bathroom with shower & washbasin - Separate WC Bedroom : - Double sofa bed - Sheets, 2 pillows & a quilt - Shelf + wardrobe - Double glazing window with electric shutter and curtain - Wi-fi Bathroom : - Shower - Washbasin - Towels - Soap & shampoo Kitchen : - Double glazing window with electric shutter - Fridge - 2 electric hotplate - Hood - Toaster - Kettle Washing machine available.	Nice apartment for two people next to the Eiffel Tower in a safe and pleasant neighbourhood next to an underground station Apartment of 20 m2 next to the Eiffel Tower in a quiet, safe and pleasant neightbourhood. Perfect for 2 people. Apartment : - Totally renovate - 4th floor, no lift/elevator (sorry...) - Separate bedroom with double sofa bed - Entrance with kitchen en washing machine - Separate bathroom with shower & washbasin - Separate WC Bedroom : - Double sofa bed - Sheets, 2 pillows & a quilt - Shelf + wardrobe - Double glazing window with electric shutter and curtain - Wi-fi Bathroom : - Shower - Washbasin - Towels - Soap & shampoo Kitchen : - Double glazing window with electric shutter - Fridge - 2 electric hotplate - Hood - Toaster - Kettle Washing machine available. From this place you need to walk : - 3 min to take the metro - 12 min to go to the Eiffel Tower - 25 min to go to the Invalides - 8 min to go to the Beugrenelle mall My sister or me will be there to recommand yo
11042		Cozy flat in the XVeme arrondisement of Paris with all the necessary for a French experience. It is close to all facilities (supermarket, bakeries, restaurants) and public transportation (metro, bus, tram). Experience Paris as a Parisien.
11043		"Spacious flat to rent in ""Balard"" in Paris 15th. Really close to Porte De Versailles for exhibitions, trade fairs & other events. Three spacious and luminous rooms of 13m2 each + a living room of 14m2 to rent in a quiet and safe neighbourhood "
11044	The apartment is 150 square meters duplex made It has 3 bedrooms upstairs with a bathroom . 1 large living room 1 kitchen 1 large terrace a second bathroom.	 Hello, My name is Raph , I put at your disposal an apartment opposite the Eiffel Tower. Capacity for 6 people or more. For more information , please contact me.    The apartment is 150 square meters duplex made It has 3 bedrooms upstairs with a bathroom . 1 large living room 1 kitchen 1 large terrace a second bathroom.
11045	"Welcome in our charming 1 bedroom typically Parisian apartment in the center of Paris. It would be perfect for a romantic vacation. Our neighborhood is animated and calm at the same time (northern 15th arrondissement, which is a mainly residential district). Nearest subway stations are: La Motte-Picquet (line 6, 8 and 10) & Emile Zola (line 10) You’ll particularly enjoy:  -	Our comfy apartment: bright, calm and fully furnished and equipped (TV with international channels, wifi, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer, microwave/oven, Nespresso machine, etc.) -	The newly renovated bedroom and bathroom -	Its proximity with the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk) or The Invalides (20 min walk) -	“La rue du Commerce” with all its great restaurants, caterers, cute Parisian shops, clothes boutiques… -	Open markets on Wednesdays and Sundays where you can find delicious cheese and other typically French products -	Numerous subway lines close to the apartment: line 10 is 100 meters away (0.06 miles); lin"	"Welcome in our charming 1 bedroom typically Parisian apartment in the center of Paris. It would be perfect for a romantic vacation. Our neighborhood is animated and calm at the same time (northern 15th arrondissement, which is a mainly residential district). Nearest subway stations are: La Motte-Picquet (line 6, 8 and 10) & Emile Zola (line 10) You’ll particularly enjoy:  -	Our comfy apartment: bright, calm and fully furnished and equipped (TV with international channels, wifi, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer, microwave/oven, Nespresso machine, etc.) -	The newly renovated bedroom and bathroom -	Its proximity with the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk) or The Invalides (20 min walk) -	“La rue du Commerce” with all its great restaurants, caterers, cute Parisian shops, clothes boutiques… -	Open markets on Wednesdays and Sundays where you can find delicious cheese and other typically French products -	Numerous subway lines close to the apartment: line 10 is 100 meters away (0.06 miles); lin"
11046	I will be happy to welcome you to the apartment during your stay in Paris! The apartment is very well located and close to all means of transport. It is ideally located in central Paris and very close to the Eiffel Tower. The neighborhood is safe and lively with restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakery .. There is a Paris guide available at the apartment to help you move ..	I will be happy to welcome you to the apartment during your stay in Paris ! The apartment is very well located and close to all means of transport. The neighborhood is safe and lively with restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakery.. I will be happy to welcome you to the apartment during your stay in Paris! The apartment is very well located and close to all means of transport. It is ideally located in central Paris and very close to the Eiffel Tower. The neighborhood is safe and lively with restaurants, bars, supermarkets, bakery .. There is a Paris guide available at the apartment to help you move .. The accommodation is offered in its entirety. Moreover, we propose you additionnal services to make your trip in Paris unforgettable. My girlfriend, Audrey, got her professionnal Guide Card since 2000 and can organise you exciting tours during your stay, including prepaid  tickets to skip the line at museums. So do not hesitate you will not regret it ! I can be reached on Viber; KakaoTalk o
11047	*****Perfect location for Luxury stay in Paris at budget price! On the banks of the Seine, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower, our apartment offers a panoramic view over Paris, Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. The luxury private holiday residence is ideally located for experiencing Parisian life and visiting major monuments and attractions of the City of Light.  You are within walking distance to the River Seine (3min), Eiffel Tower (10 min), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (15 min).  ***Luxury Apartment for 4-5 persons  Accommodation includes, living room with the Eiffel Tower view, separate kitchen, two bedrooms, private bathroom, separate toilet, Free WI FI broadband Internet access, and much more. ***Facilities Rooftop (32nd floor) indoor pool, sun terrace, ping-pong table and exceptional panoramic view of Paris.  ***Apartment Description   Our 76m2  apartment has just been remodeled and offer modern facilities for discerning travelers. *Salon with th	*****Perfect location for Luxury stay in Paris at budget price! On the banks of the Seine, just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower, our apartment offers a panoramic view over Paris, Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. The luxury private holiday residence is ideally located for experiencing Parisian life and visiting major monuments and attractions of the City of Light.  You are within walking distance to the River Seine (3min), Eiffel Tower (10 min), rue Cler and Les Invalides - Napoleon's tomb & Army museum (15 min).  ***Luxury Apartment for 4-5 persons  Accommodation includes, living room with the Eiffel Tower view, separate kitchen, two bedrooms, private bathroom, separate toilet, Free WI FI broadband Internet access, and much more. ***Facilities Rooftop (32nd floor) indoor pool, sun terrace, ping-pong table and exceptional panoramic view of Paris.  ***Apartment Description   Our 76m2  apartment has just been remodeled and offer modern facilities for discerning travelers. *Salon with th
11048		Close to the Eiffel Tower. A funny flat up to 6 persons on 2 levels (2x30m²). Fully equipped, an ideal place to stay for a nice trip in the earth of Paris. Next to lines 6,8 ,10 and RER C (To Versailles). Nice and cosy neighborhood, plenty of beautiful shops. There's a nice market on the Grenelle boulevard on Wednesday and Sunday. New mall in Beaugrenelle, 5 min by feet. Ideal Place: -Champs de Mars and Eiffel Tower, 5 min by feet. -Invalide and Trocadero, 10 min - The Seine 5 min also! 3 subway lines who can bring you quickly to the famous place of Paris : Etoile, Concorde, Montparnasse, quartier Latin, etc...  - Free private car park available.
11049	Petit appartement 2 pièces dans le centre de Paris (Métro Convention) proche du métro, avec balcon et cheminée. Entièrement meublé et équipé, avec salle d'eau et cuisine indépendantes.	Petit appartement 2 pièces dans le centre de Paris (Métro Convention) proche du métro, avec balcon et cheminée. Entièrement meublé et équipé, avec salle d'eau et cuisine indépendantes.
11050	Notre petit appartement chaleureux est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien : composé d'une chambre, une salle de bain et un salon/cuisine toute équipée, vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin, puisqu'il s'agit habituellement de notre lieu de vie.	Notre appartement est situé au coeur du 15e arr. de Paris, dans une rue idéale pour faire les boutiques et non loin de la Tour Eiffel. Calme et agréable, vous y trouverez tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour dans notre belle ville. Notre petit appartement chaleureux est situé au dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien : composé d'une chambre, une salle de bain et un salon/cuisine toute équipée, vous y trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin, puisqu'il s'agit habituellement de notre lieu de vie. Il est situé à 15 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 20 min à pied des Invalides et à 1 min du métro Commerce, où passe la ligne 8, une ligne de métro idéale puisqu'elle traverse une multitudes de points stratégiques dans Paris.   Notre appartement est situé dans une charmante rue du 15e arrondissement de Paris, calme et agréable, remplie de boutiques et de petits commerces alimentaires : boulangeries, boucheries, fromageries, primeurs… Métro 8 : 1 min à pied Métro 10 : 3 min à pied Métro 
11051	A nice location in Paris, near a subway station, with a sunny terrace equiped with light, table and sunchair.  This very spacious, well decorated and cosy place  is the perfect hideaway for a romantic stay in Paris! Living room : a nice wooden floor, massive and a very comfortable sofa, wooden table and chairs,  a stereo system, flat screen TV with cable (sports channels included) and a  DVD player. Lots of books available, including Paris guides. Bedroom:  comfortable double bed, very calm and quiet place. Not on the street side. You  only ear the birds in the morning ! Kitchen : modern and fully-equiped  with dishwasher, toaster, kettle, fridge with freezer section, microwave oven,  oven, espresso machine with complimentary caps of coffee... Bathroom  : bathtub, heated-towel, hair dryer... Sunny and quiet Terrace : garden  chair and table. Breakfast lunch or dinner can be taken here. Very romantic  with candle light too in summer ! FULL TOWEL AND LINENS ARE INCLUDED The perfect place	A quiet, sunny and spacious apartment, close to the subway, with a sunny terrace and stylish decor. The ideal base for a successful getaway in Paris. A nice location in Paris, near a subway station, with a sunny terrace equiped with light, table and sunchair.  This very spacious, well decorated and cosy place  is the perfect hideaway for a romantic stay in Paris! Living room : a nice wooden floor, massive and a very comfortable sofa, wooden table and chairs,  a stereo system, flat screen TV with cable (sports channels included) and a  DVD player. Lots of books available, including Paris guides. Bedroom:  comfortable double bed, very calm and quiet place. Not on the street side. You  only ear the birds in the morning ! Kitchen : modern and fully-equiped  with dishwasher, toaster, kettle, fridge with freezer section, microwave oven,  oven, espresso machine with complimentary caps of coffee... Bathroom  : bathtub, heated-towel, hair dryer... Sunny and quiet Terrace : garden  chair and tab
11052	the flat has a lovely, warm and welcoming feeling. There are books for you to read, music and movies besides international tv channels plus wifi. If you are an enthusiastic cook the kitchen os very well equipped. Everything is provided - bed linen, cutlery, crockery, towels. You will feel really at home. there are pictures on the walls and a beautiful persian carpet. If you are tired you can have a long lazy bath in the tub.	lovely and very comfortable 2 room flat in Paris 15. All conveniences. I bedroom, 1 living room(sofa bed) sleeps 4. Lots of light. Close to buses, metro. Direct bus to Montparnasse. Secure neighbourhood. Well furnished. All comforts (tv,wifi,machines the flat has a lovely, warm and welcoming feeling. There are books for you to read, music and movies besides international tv channels plus wifi. If you are an enthusiastic cook the kitchen os very well equipped. Everything is provided - bed linen, cutlery, crockery, towels. You will feel really at home. there are pictures on the walls and a beautiful persian carpet. If you are tired you can have a long lazy bath in the tub. They will have access to everything in the flat including local phone calls and wifi. I love people and I interact a great deal - when they wish, because I do not wish to force myself on my guests. I have lived in Paris for a very long time and have written about the city. I am a novelist and journalist and my novel Tr
11053	This apartment attracts with its brightness , its quiet and very functional character.  Ideal for business travelers. It can accommodate one or two people ( one double bed). Linens are provided . Towels / gloves can also be provided as well as shampoo and shower gel. Non smoking !	Non smoking apartment in charming residential and safe neighborhood. Very bright. Easy access to major Paris tourist attractions. Near public transports, shops, bars & restaurants (Michelin-starred) , Velib & Autolib. Kitchen. Wifi & Smart TV.  This apartment attracts with its brightness , its quiet and very functional character.  Ideal for business travelers. It can accommodate one or two people ( one double bed). Linens are provided . Towels / gloves can also be provided as well as shampoo and shower gel. Non smoking ! The entire apartment is available for travelers. Email or telephone communication.  Residential area with quick and easy access to all shops as well as a shopping center with cinemas, restaurants ... Supermarket at 1 min walking distance.  Public transport within 5 minutes. Easy to find parking on the street ( or on nearby streets ) . Airports: Orly within 30 minutes ( except rush hour ) , Roissy Charles de Gaulle within 1h (except rush hour ) drive.
11054	Very nice apartment located in the heart of Paris, affording a superb view of the Eiffel Tower. You will be charmed by this apartment of 40 m² and its 18 m2 terrace offering an incredible view to the Eiffel Tower, the Ecole Militaire, the Montparnasse tower, and the Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Grenelle Church. The apartment offers real comfort and an ideal base to visit Paris !! Location:  This apartment is situated at the foot of the Champ-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower. You are 10 minutes walk from the The banks of the Seine or the Invalids. You may walk to others places and explore different districts of Paris from the apartment. You are also a few metro stops from the Champs Elysees, probably the most famous boulevard in the world, and the epitamy of Parisian chic and luxury, and the Arch of Triumph (Arc-de-Triomphe). The apartment is served  by three metro lines so you can reach any tourist sites in a few minutes: the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Garden, Les Halles district with its s	Very nice apartment located in the heart of Paris, affording a superb view of the Eiffel Tower. You will be charmed by this apartment of 40 m² and its 18 m2 terrace offering an incredible view to the Eiffel Tower, the Ecole Militaire, the Montparnasse tower, and the Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Grenelle Church. The apartment offers real comfort and an ideal base to visit Paris !! Location:  This apartment is situated at the foot of the Champ-de-Mars and the Eiffel Tower. You are 10 minutes walk from the The banks of the Seine or the Invalids. You may walk to others places and explore different districts of Paris from the apartment. You are also a few metro stops from the Champs Elysees, probably the most famous boulevard in the world, and the epitamy of Parisian chic and luxury, and the Arch of Triumph (Arc-de-Triomphe). The apartment is served  by three metro lines so you can reach any tourist sites in a few minutes: the Louvre Museum and the Tuileries Garden, Les Halles district with its s
11055	Cet appartement cosy se caractérise par son côté fonctionnel et sans vis à vis. Il bénéficie d'une parfaite localisation de par sa proximité du Parc des Expositions, des transports qui desservent l'ensemble de Paris (métro, tramway, vélib', autolib', taxis) et des nombreux commerces (grande surface, restaurants, buraliste, etc). Situé dans un immeuble très calme et d'une grande propreté, l'appartement dispose d'une chambre et d'un canapé-lit pour accueillir sereinement 3 personnes, voire 4 (2 adultes et 2 enfants). C'est l'excellent compromis qui ne manquera pas de vous séduire !	Idéal pour un week-end à Paris ou pour un salon Porte de Versailles, cet appartement très fonctionnel dispose d'une excellente situation géographique, dans un bel immeuble haussmanien. Situé à 3 minutes à pied du Parc des Expositions ! Cet appartement cosy se caractérise par son côté fonctionnel et sans vis à vis. Il bénéficie d'une parfaite localisation de par sa proximité du Parc des Expositions, des transports qui desservent l'ensemble de Paris (métro, tramway, vélib', autolib', taxis) et des nombreux commerces (grande surface, restaurants, buraliste, etc). Situé dans un immeuble très calme et d'une grande propreté, l'appartement dispose d'une chambre et d'un canapé-lit pour accueillir sereinement 3 personnes, voire 4 (2 adultes et 2 enfants). C'est l'excellent compromis qui ne manquera pas de vous séduire ! Vous pourrez profiter des nombreux équipements : TV, câble, wifi, machine à café Nespresso, four et plaques à induction, grille-pain, frigo. N'hésitez pas à me solliciter pour l
11056	Sécurisé & Calme (Double codes + gardienne) Deux vélos d'appartement. Internet (wifi + / canal+) Commerces de proximité + le centre beaugrenelle à 5min à pied (Cinema FNAC monoprix shopping…) L'appartement (style moderne + terasse romantique) Proximité avec la Tour eiffel Transport (metro bus++) Péniches (bateaux repas)	Sécurisé & Calme (Double codes + gardienne) Deux vélos d'appartement. Internet (wifi + / canal+) Commerces de proximité + le centre beaugrenelle à 5min à pied (Cinema FNAC monoprix shopping…) L'appartement (style moderne + terasse romantique) Proximité avec la Tour eiffel Transport (metro bus++) Péniches (bateaux repas) En vacances dans le sud je serais joignable pour la moindre question (sorties, courses, bons plans restaurant…) (phone number hidden) ou par email: (email hidden). Ma soeur Coralie Coutellec sera là pour vous accueillir et répondre à vos questions. La terrasse de l'appartement pour faire un petit barbecue et profiter de la vue tout en étant dans le calme. La Tour Eiffel  Les balades en bord de seine à pied & en péniches  Les brasseries Le centre commercial et son cinéma beaugrenelle L'accès avec les transports en commun Le calme La proximité avec lhyper centre et le 1er arr
11057	Capacité d'accueil : 4 personnes 1er étage. 	Situé près du métro porte de Vanves (ligne 13)  (proximité porte de Versailles Montparnasse) Tramway T3.  ce joli appartement de 2 pièces, très belles prestations ,tout équipé.Peut recevoir 4 personnes.Rue calme et commerces à proximité. Capacité d'accueil : 4 personnes 1er étage. logement non fumeurs. accueil des voyageurs lors de la remise des clés. salon Porte de Versailles à 3 stations de Tramway T3. Commerces à proximités. Métro Porte de vanves. Tramway T3. Stationnement pour les véhicules assez facile, mais payant. Logement agréable
11058	"Bienvenue in my 2 bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian building, with a little cute balcony. You'll be on the front row of the Eiffel Tower's lightings, perfect for a journey ""à la française"".  You will stay in a quiet 2 bedroom apartment (1 living and 1 room) of 59m2 (635 ft2) with a kitchen, a bathroom, a separated toilet and a little cute balcony with a view on the Eiffel Tower. There is one bed (for two, 140 cm wide) in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living (for two, 180 cm wide). Fresh bed sheets are provided. International adaptor plug available. SUPERMARKETS, RESTAURANTS, SHOPS: There are some supermarkets and restaurants near the building open till late: Daily Monop till midnight, Franprix till 9pm. There is a Lebanese and a Japanese restaurant too. You can find some very good bakeries in the surroundings where to buy croissants and pains au chocolat for breakfast. La Motte-Piquet Grenelle and rue du Commerce are approximately 10min away by walk. You can find there m"	"Bienvenue in my 2 bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian building, with a little cute balcony. You'll be on the front row of the Eiffel Tower's lightings, perfect for a journey ""à la française"". Bienvenue in my 2 bedroom apartment in a typical Parisian building, with a little cute balcony. You'll be on the front row of the Eiffel Tower's lightings, perfect for a journey ""à la française"".  You will stay in a quiet 2 bedroom apartment (1 living and 1 room) of 59m2 (635 ft2) with a kitchen, a bathroom, a separated toilet and a little cute balcony with a view on the Eiffel Tower. There is one bed (for two, 140 cm wide) in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living (for two, 180 cm wide). Fresh bed sheets are provided. International adaptor plug available. SUPERMARKETS, RESTAURANTS, SHOPS: There are some supermarkets and restaurants near the building open till late: Daily Monop till midnight, Franprix till 9pm. There is a Lebanese and a Japanese restaurant too. You can find some very go"
11059	Bilocale 4 persone / Circa 40 m²: soggiorno con 2 divani letto singoli . 1 camera con 1 letto matrimoniale separata dal soggiorno da un tramezzo mobile, scrivania. Angolo cottura attrezzato (2 piastre elettriche, frigorifero, forno a microonde), tavolo-bar che separa il salone dall'angolo cottura. Bagno (asciugacapelli), WC separato (escluso appartamenti per portatori di handicap). Televisore (canali internazionali). Telefono con linea diretta. La Biancheria da letto e da bagno per 4 persone è inclusa. Ogni appartamento può usufruire di un posto auto nel garage sottostante (senza ulteriori esborsi). Il Residence è ubicato nel 15° 'arrondissement', accanto al Palazzo delle Esposizioni, ai margini della zona centrale di Parigi, che si può in breve tempo raggiungere con la Metro (molto funzionale in Parigi), in bus e tram, la stazione metro è a circa 200 metri dal Residence (Stazione di Porte de Versailles - Linea n.12). Indirizzo: Residence PARIS XV - 20, rue Oradour-sur-Glane 75015 PARI	PREZZO AFFARE Euro 550 tutto compreso. Si affitta appartahotel per la settimana dal (phone number hidden) al (phone number hidden) (il 26/07 si disputa gara finale Tour de France). Bilocale 4 persone / Circa 40 m² con tutti i comfort Bilocale 4 persone / Circa 40 m²: soggiorno con 2 divani letto singoli . 1 camera con 1 letto matrimoniale separata dal soggiorno da un tramezzo mobile, scrivania. Angolo cottura attrezzato (2 piastre elettriche, frigorifero, forno a microonde), tavolo-bar che separa il salone dall'angolo cottura. Bagno (asciugacapelli), WC separato (escluso appartamenti per portatori di handicap). Televisore (canali internazionali). Telefono con linea diretta. La Biancheria da letto e da bagno per 4 persone è inclusa. Ogni appartamento può usufruire di un posto auto nel garage sottostante (senza ulteriori esborsi). Il Residence è ubicato nel 15° 'arrondissement', accanto al Palazzo delle Esposizioni, ai margini della zona centrale di Parigi, che si può in breve tempo ragg
11060	Very usefull and shinny Tv and cable, equiped kitchen Very attractive restaurants, typical parisian shops (bakery, boucher...) Closed to transportation, Montparnasse, parcs, eiffel tower Metro 8 (boucicaut) and 12 (convention) Tram 2 and 3 (porte de versailles) Tv and cable, equiped kitchen Very attractive restaurants, typical parisian shops (bakery, boucher...) Closed to transportation, Montparnasse, parcs, eiffel tower Metro 8 (boucicaut) and 12 (convention) Tram 2 and 3 (porte de versailles)	Convenient access to 8 and 12 subway, Tram 2 and 3 and closed to Montparnasse. U will enjoy a very attractive neighborhood surrounded by many parks and a view on the Eiffel Tower. U will appreciate a large apt perfect for 4 people!
11061	This studio flat of 34 m2 is situated on the 11th floor with 2 lifts, full of natural light and ideal to enjoy the great views of Paris from the balcony Fully furnished with: double bed king size, plasma TV, Wi-Fi, unlimited landlines calls (more than 200 countries), big wardrobe, dresser, dining table and washing machine Ideal for couples, friends and business travellers that want everything at reach	Charming studio flat in the center of prestigious 15th district just moments away from the main attractions: Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars or Seine river. You will enjoy your stay in this lively area with many options to discover and embrace the city This studio flat of 34 m2 is situated on the 11th floor with 2 lifts, full of natural light and ideal to enjoy the great views of Paris from the balcony Fully furnished with: double bed king size, plasma TV, Wi-Fi, unlimited landlines calls (more than 200 countries), big wardrobe, dresser, dining table and washing machine Ideal for couples, friends and business travellers that want everything at reach The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction hub, microwave and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home – hair dryer, iron, steamer, toaster, blender, kettle and more The property manager will greet you on arrival, hand you over the keys and explain to you how to use the different amen
11062	Super cosy and super bright apartment located in the center of Paris with a view on the Effeil Tower, in a typical Haussman building.  The flat is located at tour Montparnasse, you'll have direct public transport to almost every place in Paris from here !  The bed is king size, the bathroom is equipped with a shower  Bed linen and towels provided.   Tube : lines 4, 6, 12, 13.	Super cosy and bright apartment located in the center of Paris, just close to tour Montparnasse. Very good connexion to the rest of Paris. Can accomodate two persons  king size bed, kitchenette, wifi, bathroom. Nice view on the Effeil Tower. Super cosy and super bright apartment located in the center of Paris with a view on the Effeil Tower, in a typical Haussman building.  The flat is located at tour Montparnasse, you'll have direct public transport to almost every place in Paris from here !  The bed is king size, the bathroom is equipped with a shower  Bed linen and towels provided.   Tube : lines 4, 6, 12, 13. Access to WiFi I'll be available to help you with anything at any time, from making sure you could connect to the Wifi to giving the best place to have brunch in the neighbourhood. Very central location, with numerous buses and tubes (4 lines at Montparnasse Station) just around the corner. Bakery, café and grocery shop down the apartment int he street.
11063	Nice, cosy flat, with natural light in all rooms, green plants, long balcony with view on Eiffel Tour. Close to sightseeings.  2 double bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen.   Close to sightseeings but outside of the crowded circuit My cosy apartment is situated at walking distance from the Tour Eiffel, in a 6-stories 100 years old building with quiet neighbours. There are numerous restaurants and cafes on the street. The neighbourhood is family-friendly, safe and pleasant.   • This is a two bedroom apartment - one bedroom having a double bed, and another a sofa convertible into double bed, the second room opens on the living room;   • The living room is equipped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, high speed Wifi, table and chairs, sofa and armchair. • The kitchen contains a refrigerator, ceramic induction stove, oven, Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle, dishwasher, washing machine, dishes and cutlery.  • There is individual heating and hot water. • Bed linen and to	Charming and cosy flat in an old house with quiet and friendly neighbours. On the 5th floor with elevator, with a long narrow balcony with flowers and view on Eiffel Tour. With warm light in all spaces, original fireplace and oak parquet. Nice, cosy flat, with natural light in all rooms, green plants, long balcony with view on Eiffel Tour. Close to sightseeings.  2 double bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen.   Close to sightseeings but outside of the crowded circuit My cosy apartment is situated at walking distance from the Tour Eiffel, in a 6-stories 100 years old building with quiet neighbours. There are numerous restaurants and cafes on the street. The neighbourhood is family-friendly, safe and pleasant.   • This is a two bedroom apartment - one bedroom having a double bed, and another a sofa convertible into double bed, the second room opens on the living room;   • The living room is equipped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, high speed Wifi, table and chairs, so
11064		Très joli studio de 28 m² , au 1er étage qui donne sur la rue ( sans vis-à-vis) . Situé au Centre de Paris , dans un quartier Chic ,très bien desservi (tout commerce à côté) et Sécurisé. Stations de métro Volontaire et Vaugirard à 2 pas.
11065	Logement spacieux et lumineux, idéal pour les familles. Comprend également un matelas gonflable 2 places	Agréable et lumineux 30m2 situé dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris, dans résidence calme et ensoleillée. Rez de jardin, cuisine aménagée, grande salle de bain, rangements, grande télévision. Logement spacieux et lumineux, idéal pour les familles. Comprend également un matelas gonflable 2 places Quartier très calme et possibilité d'arriver dans l'hypercentre Parisien ou les lieux les plus touristiques (moins de 30minutes) La ligne de métro 12 (arrêt convention), la ligne de métro 13 (plaisance), la ligne de métro 4  (arrêt montparnasse) se trouve à 10min via la ligne 12 et permet de rejoindre l'hypercentre très rapidement
11066	Very light place, typical Parisian decorated with taste. A balcony from the kitchen to the bedroom where you can enjoy the sun and have lunch.	Live the true Paris way of life in this 50 sqm, on the 7th floor with a balcony, decorated with taste,in a quiet residence. Just 30 sec from the subway Cambronne (line 6 to Champs Elysées) and minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Very light place, typical Parisian decorated with taste. A balcony from the kitchen to the bedroom where you can enjoy the sun and have lunch. All the rooms By telephone and email The apartment is situated in a quiet and securised residence, 30 sec walk from the metro Cambronne (line 6 direct to Champs Elysées). It's 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower it's surrounded by Brasseries, french bistrots and bakeries to make the most of a Parisian trip easily. Cambronne- line 6 Motte Piquet Grenelle (5 min walk)- lines 6, 8, 10 Many bus stations and bicycle stations. Taxi station ( 1 min walk)
11067		Charmant studio de 23m en plein coeur du XVe arrondissement, a proximité de tous commerces, nombreuses lignes de bus, et métro  très proche.  Studio ayant été refait il y a très peu de temps, et dans un immeuble très calme English spoken, se habla español. Je peux vous donner des adresses en fonction de vos desirs,  I can give you information about Paris, and some of the best spots over there! Puedo ayudar ustedes a visitar Paris, y a conocer los mejor citios!  Quartier a la fois calme et animé, a proximité de Saint germain, de la tour Eiffel, de la porte de Versailles Nombreux bus Metro ligne 12 Volontaires
11068	The appartment is in a haussmann-style building built in early 1900s. The appartment has been renovated recently and is very clean. It is located in a very nice and very calm area. Very accessible with several metro lines and supermarkets at less than  5 min walking. A nice park with grass is at the end of the street, ideal to pic-nic or have a drink outside. The appartment is fully equipped with Dish-washer, Washing machine, Hoven, micro-wave, TV, WIFI, etc. The bedroom is spacious (14 m2 / 150 sq.ft.)and bright with queen-size bed , fire-place, old mirror and balcony.	Large bedroom in a haussmann-style flat with parquet, molding and fire places.Very well located in a quite area & close to all touristic places and transports (15min walk from Eiffel Tower, 10 min metro from St Germain, Champs Elysees...). The appartment is in a haussmann-style building built in early 1900s. The appartment has been renovated recently and is very clean. It is located in a very nice and very calm area. Very accessible with several metro lines and supermarkets at less than  5 min walking. A nice park with grass is at the end of the street, ideal to pic-nic or have a drink outside. The appartment is fully equipped with Dish-washer, Washing machine, Hoven, micro-wave, TV, WIFI, etc. The bedroom is spacious (14 m2 / 150 sq.ft.)and bright with queen-size bed , fire-place, old mirror and balcony. Free access to kitchen, dining/living room, bathroom. Only the other bedroom is not accessible. Free fast wireless connexion and TV. I speak fluently French, English, Spanigh and a bi
11069	Charming 2 rooms flat in Montparnasse, located on the ground floor of a charming communal courtyard.  Enjoy a pleasant living room with a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people and a kitchen. All necessary electrical appliances are available: induction hob, oven, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine. The room is spacious, the property offers a comfortable double bed and furniture to store your personal belongings.  The bathroom is very functional, with a bath, storage areas, and restrooms. Bed linen and towels are provided. Charmant 2 pièces à Montparnasse, situé au rez-de-chaussée sur une charmante cour typiquement parisienne.  Vous profiterez d'une agréable pièce à vivre, avec un confortable canapé lit pour 2 personnes, et une cuisine équipée. Tous les appareils électriques nécessaires sont disponibles : plaques à induction, four traditionnel, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, lave linge. La chambre est spacieuse, vous bénéficierez d'un lit double confortable et d'un meuble pour ranger vos 	Charming 2 rooms flat in Montparnasse, located on the ground floor of a charming communal courtyard.  Enjoy a pleasant living room with a comfortable sofa bed for 2 people and a kitchen. All necessary electrical appliances are available: induction hob, oven, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine. The room is spacious, the property offers a comfortable double bed and furniture to store your personal belongings.  The bathroom is very functional, with a bath, storage areas, and restrooms. Bed linen and towels are provided. Charmant 2 pièces à Montparnasse, situé au rez-de-chaussée sur une charmante cour typiquement parisienne.  Vous profiterez d'une agréable pièce à vivre, avec un confortable canapé lit pour 2 personnes, et une cuisine équipée. Tous les appareils électriques nécessaires sont disponibles : plaques à induction, four traditionnel, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, lave linge. La chambre est spacieuse, vous bénéficierez d'un lit double confortable et d'un meuble pour ranger vos 
11070		Located in the heart of 15th District of Paris, this tiny, bright and elegant studio features a satellite, flat-screen TV and an equipped kitchen. Free Wi-Fi access is provided. The studio has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet. Located on t
11071	A quiet and secured studio available for one person (or couple) located right across the street from Parc des Expositions de Versailles / Metro station Porte de Versailles.	It is a well-lit, fully-furnished 40 m2 studio with a balcony suitable for one person or couple. It is located in a quiet area of Paris (15th) right across the street from Parc des Expositions de Versailles about 2-min walk from the metro/tram. A quiet and secured studio available for one person (or couple) located right across the street from Parc des Expositions de Versailles / Metro station Porte de Versailles. The guest may access the studio, the balcony as well as all equipement included and available in the studio as well as the equipment inside the building ie. the lift from the groundfloor to the 6th floor and the staircase. The guests will not be able to access the basement. I will be present on the first day of your stay to welcome you so that we can make a quick inventory which will be signed by both parties as it is mentioned in the House Rules. I will also remain in touch with you throughout your stay by phone or email. French, English and Spanish spoken. Quiet neighborhoo
11072	Spacious and confortable apartment in a residential zone	An Entire apartment is at your disposal in the central 15th district of Paris, ideal to rest after a long and delightful walking day in the capital of light! Spacious and confortable apartment in a residential zone
11073	Situation a deux pas de toutes commodités métro à 100 mètres parc des expos à 400 m	Appartement cosy situe dans quartier agréable situé au 6 eme étages sans ascenseur très lumineux proximité de tous commerces et Metro a 100 m nombreux commerces aux alentours Situation a deux pas de toutes commodités métro à 100 mètres parc des expos à 400 m Metro convention ligne 12 Restaurants supermarchés métro et tram a 100 metres Metro voiture bus 6 eme étage sans ascenseur !
11074		Studio de 16m² près du métro La Motte Picquet Grenelle dans le 15ème arr.  A 6 stations des champs Elysées et à 10min à pied de la tour Eiffel ! Douche, WC, Internet et TV A LOUER POUR 5 JOURS MINIMUM
11075	"Welcome to my cosy and sunny furnished apartment, ideally located in PARIS 15th – by the MIRABEAU bridge and the Seine River. Up to 4 people (two bedrooms). The apartment is on the 6th floor in a 7 floors building with gated doors and an elevator. The surface is 70m2 with a large sunny and flowery terrasse of 15m2. It has two large and sunny bedrooms with king size beds, 1 bathroom and 1 seperated watercloset, 1 fully equiped kitchen. It is a very quite place and you won’t be bothered with outside noises. Bed sheets and bathroom towels available. In the close surroundings, you will have the possibility to discover : -	The Eiffel Tower and  the « Champs de Mars » (5 minutes by metro or bus & 15 minutes walking distance)   -	Saint-Germain-des-Prés, the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, the Grand Palais, the Invalides, the Musée d’Orsay, the Louvre and St Michel (10 to 15 minutes by metro or bus) -	Park André Citroen (3 minutes walking distance) -	The Seine river’s banks promenade Metro s"	"Welcome to my cosy and sunny furnished apartment, ideally located in PARIS 15th – by the MIRABEAU bridge and the Seine River. Up to 4 people (two bedrooms). The apartment is on the 6th floor in a 7 floors building with gated doors and an elevator. The surface is 70m2 with a large sunny and flowery terrasse of 15m2. It has two large and sunny bedrooms with king size beds, 1 bathroom and 1 seperated watercloset, 1 fully equiped kitchen. It is a very quite place and you won’t be bothered with outside noises. Bed sheets and bathroom towels available. In the close surroundings, you will have the possibility to discover : -	The Eiffel Tower and  the « Champs de Mars » (5 minutes by metro or bus & 15 minutes walking distance)   -	Saint-Germain-des-Prés, the Champs Elysées, Avenue Montaigne, the Grand Palais, the Invalides, the Musée d’Orsay, the Louvre and St Michel (10 to 15 minutes by metro or bus) -	Park André Citroen (3 minutes walking distance) -	The Seine river’s banks promenade Metro s"
11076		Grand studio de 27 m² au pied du métro Vaugirard, Paris 15e, idéalement situé près de convention. 2è étage avec ascenseur, code d'entrée et concierge. Coin cuisine équipé neuf (rénovation 2014) . TV, Internet haut débit, lave et sèche linge...
11077	It is a 25 squared meters apartment located in a quiet area near shops, parcs, restaurant. The apartment  is for 2 people, but there is an extra air bed if necessary for free. It is all new furbished, and fully equipped : 2 flat screens Free Wifi Blu ray player Cable TV Washing machine Hair dryer Ipod / Iphone dock 	"A charming and very confortable apartment, 25 square meters. All new furbished! Well equipped, the apartment is located in a peaceful area near shops, parcs, restaurants, and subway stations, and only 20 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower. It is a 25 squared meters apartment located in a quiet area near shops, parcs, restaurant. The apartment  is for 2 people, but there is an extra air bed if necessary for free. It is all new furbished, and fully equipped : 2 flat screens Free Wifi Blu ray player Cable TV Washing machine Hair dryer Ipod / Iphone dock The apartment is located between Commerce and Vaugirard area. ""La rue du commerce"" is a street full of shops, small boutiques, café and restaurants.  The apartment is very closed to the square Saint Lambert. The Eiffel tower is located 20 minutes walk from the apartment, and only one subway station from the apartment. You can also go shopping thanks to the all new Beaugrenelle mall which is really closed to the apartment. Located between 2"
11078	"Beautiful and cosy 25 sqm studio in a safe and modern building (elevator), located in a fantastic neighborhood (2 stops from Eiffel Tower and within walking distance from the famous and perpetually animated ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find several quality shops and restaurants). Very close to the subway as well The apartment is really bright, quiet and fully furnished. There is a separate bathroom as well as a separate Kitchen fully equipped (including freezer, microwave...). The bed is really comfortable and and sheets, towels, kitchenware, internet, telephone is provided. Enjoy ! (pictures taken before fully furnished, there is also a sofa now) Discount offer if you stay 7 nights (or more)  "	"Beautiful and cosy 25 sqm studio in a safe and modern building (elevator), located in a fantastic neighborhood (2 stops from Eiffel Tower and within walking distance from the famous and perpetually animated ""Rue du Commerce"" where you can find several quality shops and restaurants). Very close to the subway as well The apartment is really bright, quiet and fully furnished. There is a separate bathroom as well as a separate Kitchen fully equipped (including freezer, microwave...). The bed is really comfortable and and sheets, towels, kitchenware, internet, telephone is provided. Enjoy ! (pictures taken before fully furnished, there is also a sofa now) Discount offer if you stay 7 nights (or more)  "
11079	The apartment is very sunny and very secure in an old building. Well located. 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars. Near Rue du Commerce.Convenient multiple metro lines - ie: to Concorde and Latin Quarter in 10 minutes. -2 bedrooms.  -1 Queen size bed -2 single beds -Spacious and bright living room dining room. -1 bathroom -Full kitchen - Amenities: Phone, Fast DSL WIFI Internet connection, Cable TV Books, Iron/Ironing Board, Hair dryer, Heating. - Kitchen: Four-burner stove, oven, Dishwasher, Full refrigerator, Cooking Utensils provided, Washing machine, Dryer, Toaster, Coffee maker, Water boiler. - 4th floor ( 5th US )  - elevator -All amenities Lots of charming cafes and restaurants in the area. Market on wednesdays and sundays By public transport : Louvre : 20 minutes Eiffel Tower: 10-15 minutes by foot Musée du quai branly: 15-20 minutes by foot. Arc de triomphe: 15 minutes Trocadero 10 minutes There is a little guide in the apartment with all the best places and	The apartment is very sunny and very secure in an old building. Well located. 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars. Near Rue du Commerce.Convenient multiple metro lines - ie: to Concorde and Latin Quarter in 10 minutes. -2 bedrooms.  -1 Queen size bed -2 single beds -Spacious and bright living room dining room. -1 bathroom -Full kitchen - Amenities: Phone, Fast DSL WIFI Internet connection, Cable TV Books, Iron/Ironing Board, Hair dryer, Heating. - Kitchen: Four-burner stove, oven, Dishwasher, Full refrigerator, Cooking Utensils provided, Washing machine, Dryer, Toaster, Coffee maker, Water boiler. - 4th floor ( 5th US )  - elevator -All amenities Lots of charming cafes and restaurants in the area. Market on wednesdays and sundays By public transport : Louvre : 20 minutes Eiffel Tower: 10-15 minutes by foot Musée du quai branly: 15-20 minutes by foot. Arc de triomphe: 15 minutes Trocadero 10 minutes There is a little guide in the apartment with all the best places and
11080	This Parisian apartment is perfect for two people, you can come to three with an airbed	Charmant deux pièces typiquement parisien.  Métro, tram et bus à proximité. À 5min à pied du parc des expositions, du Palais des Sports et proche de la tour Eiffel.  Croissants, charcuterie, vin, fromage vous attendent dans un quartier paisible   This Parisian apartment is perfect for two people, you can come to three with an airbed You have access to wifi, television, the washing machine and all the necessary comforts. We speak French and English.  We are available at any time if you have any concerns. The neighborhood is peaceful and there are a lot of craftsmen and tradesmen: bakery, pastry, cheese, butcher, greengrocer, fishmonger, grocer.  A typical market every weeks is on Convention street.  At 2min from the apartment, a nature walk on an old railway track to discover Paris otherwise. Métro :  Ligne 12 : Porte de Versailles  Ligne 8 : Boucicault Bus :  Ligne 82 : Hameau Tram :  T2 : Porte de Versailles T3 : Porte de Versailles  Aéroport CDG :  RER B puis TER 3a Aéroport Orly :  
11081	Balcon sur cour intérieure avec Jardin et verdure en plein coeur de Paris Studio charmant et bien agencé, convivial.	Idéalement situé à côté du Parc Brassens, le studio est neuf et tout équipé.  A 10 min à pied du Parc des Expositions ou de Beaugrenelle, 15 min de la Tour Eiffel, il est très bien desservi (M°12/13 & Tramway T2/T3). Charmant balcon sur jardin Balcon sur cour intérieure avec Jardin et verdure en plein coeur de Paris Studio charmant et bien agencé, convivial. Dynamique et calme, bien desservi.  A 2 pas du nouveau centre Commercial Beaugrenelle  Metro L12 L13 TRAMWAY T2 T3 BUS 62 
11082	Donne sur la rue Dombasle et sur la Place Charles Vallin. Cuisine séparée. Grand séjour avec deux canapés dont un se transforme en lit pour deux personnes.	Great aparment in Paris. The neighboord is one of the best in Paris. Peolpe are very nice and calm. Every thing is at 5mn or less. The apartment has a view on a place and streets, so you can feel the parisian soul. I'm living on my apartment, you will have your bed, and I have mine. I finish work at 6pm or 7pm.  After work, I go to sport, meeting friends or cinema... I sleep between 11pm and 12pm. I like speaking with people without protocols. Welcome :)
11083	I receive you in a lovely apartment on the 2nd floor of a very calm 3-floor building. The apartment has been totally refurbished in 2011. You will appreciate a modern fitted kitchen, a parquet floor and a fireplace in each room.  This apartment consists of 2 rooms : - One bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a dressing-room and a fireplace, on a calm street (double-glazing window with shutters); - One living-room with a sofa bed, a coffee table, a table and 4 chairs, a fireplace and an open-plan fitted kitchen. You will enjoy a very nice view on the Square Violet from the living-room.  The bathroom is fully-equipped with a sink, a shower and a toilet.  Equipment : flat-screen TV, hi-fi music system, free access to internet WIFI, induction plate, oven, micro-wave, fridge with freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, complete tableware, washing-machine, hairdryer, sheets, towels and dishclothes. The living-room opens onto the Square Violet, a peaceful green setting in the 15th arron	I receive you in a lovely apartment on the 2nd floor of a very calm 3-floor building. The apartment has been totally refurbished in 2011. You will appreciate a modern fitted kitchen, a parquet floor and a fireplace in each room.  This apartment consists of 2 rooms : - One bedroom with a comfortable double bed, a dressing-room and a fireplace, on a calm street (double-glazing window with shutters); - One living-room with a sofa bed, a coffee table, a table and 4 chairs, a fireplace and an open-plan fitted kitchen. You will enjoy a very nice view on the Square Violet from the living-room.  The bathroom is fully-equipped with a sink, a shower and a toilet.  Equipment : flat-screen TV, hi-fi music system, free access to internet WIFI, induction plate, oven, micro-wave, fridge with freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, complete tableware, washing-machine, hairdryer, sheets, towels and dishclothes. The living-room opens onto the Square Violet, a peaceful green setting in the 15th arron
11084	"- Nice and luminous appartement. - Located next to ""Gare Montparnasse"". Very well served by the Metro. - Two rooms : 1 bedroom with big bed and a living, with eventually a mattress and a camping duvet. - Washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave. - 4th floor with elevator. - The window has a little issue and is a littl e bit broken below. A little bit of air and rain goes through, but it's a very little  inconvenience. "	"Luminous and nice flat next to ""Gare Montparnasse"". Two rooms with a big and very good bed and a mattress. - Nice and luminous appartement. - Located next to ""Gare Montparnasse"". Very well served by the Metro. - Two rooms : 1 bedroom with big bed and a living, with eventually a mattress and a camping duvet. - Washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave. - 4th floor with elevator. - The window has a little issue and is a littl e bit broken below. A little bit of air and rain goes through, but it's a very little  inconvenience. There are 4 lines of metro passing by and lots of bus, deserving all the city."
11085		Beau studio confortable a 2 min du parc des expositions et à 10 min du métro ligne 13 Salle de bain avec baignoire et petit balcon idéal pour une a deux personnes le Quartier est calme et résidentiel. Métro ligne 13 à 20 min des Champs-Élysée Métro ligne 13 plateaux de Vanves a 15 min de Paris Montparnasse
11086	Vous pourrez profiter d'un studio d'environ 30 m2 pouvant accueillir 2 à 4 personnes maximum. En effet, il est aménagé d'un lit double et d'un canapé convertible ou deux personnes peuvent dormir. Il est idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement dans un immeuble récent et bien entretenu. Le studio est situé au huitième étage il est donc très lumineux et calme car il donne sur un jardin extérieur. De plus le studio bénéficie d'un grand balcon très agréable donnant sur le jardin.	Ce studio confortable et spacieux est idéalement situé, à moins de 5 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars. Le studio, très lumineux se trouve au huitième étage d'un immeuble moderne, propre et calme avec ascenseur. Vous pourrez profiter d'un studio d'environ 30 m2 pouvant accueillir 2 à 4 personnes maximum. En effet, il est aménagé d'un lit double et d'un canapé convertible ou deux personnes peuvent dormir. Il est idéalement situé dans le 15ème arrondissement dans un immeuble récent et bien entretenu. Le studio est situé au huitième étage il est donc très lumineux et calme car il donne sur un jardin extérieur. De plus le studio bénéficie d'un grand balcon très agréable donnant sur le jardin. Le studio est récent et dispose des équipements suivants :  - Petite cuisine avec bouilloire, grille-pain, machine à laver ;  - Une pièce à vivre avec lit double, canapé d'angle convertible, table avec 4 chaises, accès à la télévision et au câble, Wifi ;  - Une salle de bain avec d
11087		Studio entièrement meublé 15m2. Cuisine séparée avec fenêtre, frigo, plaque électrique, vaisselle, (website hidden) refaite à neuf, baignoire, vasque, WC. Salon avec fenêtre, mezzanine, placard, parquet chêne. 2 digicodes, gardienne.Cave. Bel immeuble.
11088	We love our sunny apartment for its tranquility and spaciousness.  Open concept kitchen also enjoys an Eiffel Tower view.  Uncovered balcony feels like you are floating above Paris.  Modern build = unlimited hot water! :) Couch sleeps two.  The reading chair in the office converts to a twin bed.	Live local!  7 minute walk to Eiffel Tower on bustling rue du Commerce.  Escape to this tranquil, 6th floor apartment with sweeping views of Paris rooftops and the Eiffel Tower from the full-length balcony. We love our sunny apartment for its tranquility and spaciousness.  Open concept kitchen also enjoys an Eiffel Tower view.  Uncovered balcony feels like you are floating above Paris.  Modern build = unlimited hot water! :) Couch sleeps two.  The reading chair in the office converts to a twin bed. Full apartment access. Our brother-in-law, Jad, lives 2 blocks away and will be your point of contact. An authentic, Parisian neighborhood just beyond the tourist areas with so much to offer.  Step outside to grab a fresh baguette, chat with the butcher, and sample fresh cheeses at the local rue du Commerce shops.  Explore some of the little parks tucked in between charming streets and buildings. 1 min walk: Commerce metro (line 8)  3 min walk: Emile Zola metro (line 10) 5 min walk: La Motte
11089	There is a bedroom and a living room, with a pull out sofa in one side and a little cozy dining table on the other. Right next to this table, there is a separate kitchen, available for you if you want to cook something. At the entrance there is the bathroom. It has a bathtub, a little washbasin and a wc. The studio is located at the 1st floor of the building and has a large terrace where it faces the courtyard. The street is very quiet but at the same time walking distance to the most popular spots of the neighborhood. It is the perfect compromise.	Grand studio dans immeuble moderne et sécurisé, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Il se compose d'un coin lit, séparé d'un rideau, avec un vrai lit ainsi q'un grand canapé convertible neuf et très confortable (2 places) dans le séjour.  Le studio dispose aussi d'une grande terrasse verdurée des plus appréciables ! There is a bedroom and a living room, with a pull out sofa in one side and a little cozy dining table on the other. Right next to this table, there is a separate kitchen, available for you if you want to cook something. At the entrance there is the bathroom. It has a bathtub, a little washbasin and a wc. The studio is located at the 1st floor of the building and has a large terrace where it faces the courtyard. The street is very quiet but at the same time walking distance to the most popular spots of the neighborhood. It is the perfect compromise.
11090	A large bright charming duplex (150 square meters) in  the sky, all furnished in the center of Paris. 15 minutes walking to the Eiffel tower. Perfect place to enjoy Paris (restaurants, bars, shopping, museum...) Metros, buses, velib and autolib station. My flat is an exceptionnel apartment because every room has a great view on Paris's roofs and eiffel tower. Every room is very bright and sunny. (main orientation is South).We've got 5 rooms and a big openspace for living room with a large table in the dining area.  It is a duplex apartment on last floor of the building (7th and 8th floor).It is possible to have a sunny lunch or souper for two people on the balconny before watching a film on the big screen. In the building :  the flat is on 7th floor with elevator . On the 7th floor  : one large living room, one dining room with large table for 8 people, just closer the fully  equiped  kitchen, one toilet. On the 8th floor : 5 bedrooms,2 bathrooms, 2 toilets :   Bedroom 1- one master be	"A large bright charming duplex (150 sq-met) ""in the sky"", all furnished, center of Paris. 15 minutes walking to the Eiffel tower. Perfect place to enjoy Paris (restaurants, bars, shops, museum...) Great localisation : metros,buses,velib and autolib. A large bright charming duplex (150 square meters) in  the sky, all furnished in the center of Paris. 15 minutes walking to the Eiffel tower. Perfect place to enjoy Paris (restaurants, bars, shopping, museum...) Metros, buses, velib and autolib station. My flat is an exceptionnel apartment because every room has a great view on Paris's roofs and eiffel tower. Every room is very bright and sunny. (main orientation is South).We've got 5 rooms and a big openspace for living room with a large table in the dining area.  It is a duplex apartment on last floor of the building (7th and 8th floor).It is possible to have a sunny lunch or souper for two people on the balconny before watching a film on the big screen. In the building :  the flat is on "
11091		Il s'agit d'un studio de 30m2 avec cuisine américaine, un piano, une salle de bain et sanitaire séparé, au coeur du 15ème arrondissement à côté de la satin Vaugirard et de la rue du Commerce.
11092	A deux pas de la Tour EIffel,La motte Picquet grenelle,Metro et commerce a proximite ligne 6, 8 et 10 bus : 80, 82, 42	grand studio de 38 m2 au 8ième etage ascenseur bel immeuble recent au pied de la tour Eiffel internet wifi TV lave linge soleil et calme parquet au sol A deux pas de la Tour EIffel,La motte Picquet grenelle,Metro et commerce a proximite ligne 6, 8 et 10 bus : 80, 82, 42 Accès à tout l'appartement Je peux être très facilement joignable pour vous aider Très beau quartiers,sûr et bien fréquenté .    Jolies boutiques à proximité  grand choix de restaurants, plusieurs supermarchés et champs de Mars à deux pas Au pied du métro la Motte Picquet Grenelle  Paris 15 ligne 6, 8, et 10 Bus 80, 82, 42 Meilleur quartier de Paris à moins de 10 minutes de tous les points stratégiques
11093	A votre disposition:  Logement avec ascenseur. Lit pour 1 personne. Drap propre, taie, couverture (pensez juste à ramener votre serviette svp). Chauffeuse dépliable pour autre personne (voir photo, dimension 1m85x63cm). Espace de rangement pour vos affaires si longue durée. Chauffage fonctionnel. Espace cuisine (plaque, frigo, vaisselle). Douche italienne, wc. Accès internet et tv (tnt seulement). 	Joli studio meublé de 25m² dans le 15ème, quartier Vaugirard-Convention. Propre et lumineux de par ses deux fenêtres dont l'une donne sur la tour Eiffel. Idéal pour touriste et professionnel en déplacement. Quartier à la fois animé et tranquille. A votre disposition:  Logement avec ascenseur. Lit pour 1 personne. Drap propre, taie, couverture (pensez juste à ramener votre serviette svp). Chauffeuse dépliable pour autre personne (voir photo, dimension 1m85x63cm). Espace de rangement pour vos affaires si longue durée. Chauffage fonctionnel. Espace cuisine (plaque, frigo, vaisselle). Douche italienne, wc. Accès internet et tv (tnt seulement). N'hésitez pas à me contacter, je me tiens à votre disposition pour toute question (même d'ordre touristique) que ce soit avant votre arrivée ou après.  Au plaisir de vous recevoir. Animé et tranquille à la fois... Avec de nombreux commerces : supermarchés (monoprix, dia, franprix..) bazar, boutiques de prêt à porter à quelques pas de l'appartement. A
11094	This apartment is approximately 1614 square feet (150 square meters) is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris on rue du Docteur Finlay, near the Effeil Tower, in a strong expansion district (A new big shopping center). It's made up 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 separated toilets, a large dining/living room, a laundry room, and a separated kitchen fully equipped renovated in 2013. The apartment is situated in the last floor, you could enjoy of a balcony of 50 square meters (538 sqft) with chairs and table. You can see the trocadero from the kitchen. The decoration is looked after, the services are of quality to welcome 6 people. The nearest metro is Bir Hakeim. Close to the apartment, you can find a lot of museum, the Effeil Tower, a new big shopping center, school, good restaurants, bakery and supermarket.	3 bedroom apartment with an amazing terrace all renovated of 45 square meters and beautiful view. The apartment is localized in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, very close to the Eiffel Tower. This apartment is approximately 1614 square feet (150 square meters) is located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris on rue du Docteur Finlay, near the Effeil Tower, in a strong expansion district (A new big shopping center). It's made up 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 separated toilets, a large dining/living room, a laundry room, and a separated kitchen fully equipped renovated in 2013. The apartment is situated in the last floor, you could enjoy of a balcony of 50 square meters (538 sqft) with chairs and table. You can see the trocadero from the kitchen. The decoration is looked after, the services are of quality to welcome 6 people. The nearest metro is Bir Hakeim. Close to the apartment, you can find a lot of museum, the Effeil Tower, a new big shopping center, school, good restaurants, bakery an
11095	Small entrance hall. Lounge and sleeping area with 3 windows (Bow window). Small Kitchen area. Bathroom with a bath and a large window. Nicely furnished, cosy. Caretaker in the building. Cable Tv, Flat tv screen 32 inches. Fast fibre optical internet. Microwave. Vitro-ceramic 2 rings hob. Kettle, toaster. Smoke alarm. Table which goes up and down so can be used as a coffee table. Winter and summer duvet. Very good quality mattress. Double glazing windows. Inside blinds and outside shutters. Wooden floor. Smoke alarm. 	In the 15th district of Paris. Very bright large studio flat, nicely furnished 30m2, next to porte de Versailles Paris, Expositions Parc. Suitable for one person or a couple. Nice secure area, 20 minutes to the center of Paris, Saint Germain area Small entrance hall. Lounge and sleeping area with 3 windows (Bow window). Small Kitchen area. Bathroom with a bath and a large window. Nicely furnished, cosy. Caretaker in the building. Cable Tv, Flat tv screen 32 inches. Fast fibre optical internet. Microwave. Vitro-ceramic 2 rings hob. Kettle, toaster. Smoke alarm. Table which goes up and down so can be used as a coffee table. Winter and summer duvet. Very good quality mattress. Double glazing windows. Inside blinds and outside shutters. Wooden floor. Smoke alarm. A small lift (3 people) is available in the building. We will welcome you in the studio and will give you all the details and informations about Paris you might need.  You can receive calls on the land line phone. Ideal position t
11096		"Beautiful flat with a balcony, with a view on the Eiffel tower. One bedroom with a double bed and one sofa bed in the living room, that can be closed completely, separated from a large dining room. Confortable and pretty, the flat is having a fitted kitchen, a nice bathroom with a bath tube and separated toilets. The flat is located in a shopping district, very near to the Seine river and to the green André Citroen park. You can walk to the Eiffel tower. The flat is perfectly located to discover Paris. Close to Eiffel tower, musée Guimet (asian civilization), palais de Tokyo (contemporary art), Musée du Quai Branly  ( indigenous art)...it gives you a direct access to Versailles Castle with RER C. Many little shops to provide you the most delicate food and wines. Many fine restaurants nearby. A large shopping center called ""Beaugrenelle"" for fashion, book shop etc.. is at 5 minutes walk. Metro Line 8 and 10 RER C, direct to Versailles Castle"
11097	Little but very functionnal appartment with comfortable space and daylight. The place is perfect for 1 or 2 and is located in the south of Paris 15. Public transport is 5 min walk away. Despite the small size of this little studio my apartment is very luminous and has all the confort of a big one with sofa bed for two, a little americain kitchen where you can find all the facilities you will need to cook, a lovely bathroom , there's WIFI for free as well.	Lovely studio (19 m²). Bright, calm and well located between Bastille Republique Marais and Oberkampf. It took less than 10 min walking to reach each of these amazing places. Little but very functionnal appartment with comfortable space and daylight. The place is perfect for 1 or 2 and is located in the south of Paris 15. Public transport is 5 min walk away. Despite the small size of this little studio my apartment is very luminous and has all the confort of a big one with sofa bed for two, a little americain kitchen where you can find all the facilities you will need to cook, a lovely bathroom , there's WIFI for free as well. This apartment is located in the perfect and charming and animated area , where you can find bars, cafes, cozy squares, and shopping opportunities. I will be in Paris during your stay so you can contact me anytime you need me :-) The neiborhood is animated, and safe, even though you are at 5 min by foot from the busy night life of Oberkampf and Bastille area and 
11098	Un magnifique appartement de trois pièces à deux pas du métro et du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles Paris 15.Un joyau confortable, moderne et chaleureux. Remarquablement conçu, au deuxième étage avec ascenseur, dans un immeuble ancien en superbe état et récemment rénové. C'est l'endroit parfait pour se ressourcer et profiter de moments conviviaux après une longue journée du côté du parc des expositions ou à flâner dans les plus célèbres avenues de Paris.Idéal vacances et déplacement professionnel.Une très jolie entrée qui donne sur un couloir qui sert toutes les pièces de l'appartement.Salle de bain et WC. Totalement équipée:- Sèche cheveux- Lave linge- Grand miroir- Linge de bain- Magnifique douche italienne- Ballon d'eau chaude inépuisable- Fer à repasser Une cuisine totalement fonctionnelle- Four- Micro ondes- Plaques vitro céramiques- Lave vaisselle- Hotte aspirante- Machine Nespresso- Grille pain- bouilloire Un salon / chambre spacieux et confort- Canapé lit douille	Un magnifique appartement de trois pièces à deux pas du métro et du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles Paris 15.Un joyau confortable, moderne et chaleureux. Remarquablement conçu, au deuxième étage avec ascenseur, dans un immeuble ancien en superbe état et récemment rénové. C'est l'endroit parfait pour se ressourcer et profiter de moments conviviaux après une longue journée du côté du parc des expositions ou à flâner dans les plus célèbres avenues de Paris.Idéal vacances et déplacement professionnel.Une très jolie entrée qui donne sur un couloir qui sert toutes les pièces de l'appartement.Salle de bain et WC. Totalement équipée:- Sèche cheveux- Lave linge- Grand miroir- Linge de bain- Magnifique douche italienne- Ballon d'eau chaude inépuisable- Fer à repasser Une cuisine totalement fonctionnelle- Four- Micro ondes- Plaques vitro céramiques- Lave vaisselle- Hotte aspirante- Machine Nespresso- Grille pain- bouilloire Un salon / chambre spacieux et confort- Canapé lit douille
11099	Studio d'environ 25m2, tout équipé. Lit double, possibilité d'une troisième personne, matelas gonflable (website hidden), internet sans fil. Cuisine et salle de bain séparée.  Fenêtre avec vue sur le parc.	Découvrez Paris sans stress... Studio calme et lumineux au coeur de Paris, a deux pas du parc Georges Brassens.  Studio de 25 m2, spacieux, 6ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Proche métro 13. Grande pièce de vie, cuisine séparée, SDB Studio d'environ 25m2, tout équipé. Lit double, possibilité d'une troisième personne, matelas gonflable (website hidden), internet sans fil. Cuisine et salle de bain séparée.  Fenêtre avec vue sur le parc. A deux pas du parc Georges Brassens, le quartier est calme.  Vous aurez tout à portée de main, commerces, boulangerie de qualité, maraicher, restaurants. L'emplacement parfait pour visiter Paris, et rentrer au calme. Vous serez à 5 minutes du Tram, arrêt Brancion. Et à 7 minutes du métro Porte de Vanves, ligne direct pour le centre de Paris.  Des stations Vélib de dispo à 2 minutes.
