27000	This romantic flat is located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, the best for fine living and going out, close to Nation. Perfect for 2 people, the flat is composed with: - A living room with a great view on the roofs of Paris - A large bedroom (with a queen size bed) - A fully equipped kitchen (open in the living room) - A bathroom (shower) - A WC separated The 35m2 (377 sq feet) flat is located on the boulevard Voltaire but is very quiet since it does not overlook the street. It is on the 6th floor (no lift), under the roof, and thus very bright with a direct exposure in the morning and part of the afternoon. The neighborhood is active with lots of restaurants and shops (best butcher's shop ever is very close to the appartment, very good bakery is next to it). You will find a lot of public transport  at Nation station (3 min. walk) to get you anywhere in Paris very fast: Metro lines 1, 2, 6 and 9, RER line A. If you enjoy walking, you can easily walk to the Père Lachaise cemetery, 	This romantic flat is located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, the best for fine living and going out, close to Nation. Perfect for 2 people, the flat is composed with: - A living room with a great view on the roofs of Paris - A large bedroom (with a queen size bed) - A fully equipped kitchen (open in the living room) - A bathroom (shower) - A WC separated The 35m2 (377 sq feet) flat is located on the boulevard Voltaire but is very quiet since it does not overlook the street. It is on the 6th floor (no lift), under the roof, and thus very bright with a direct exposure in the morning and part of the afternoon. The neighborhood is active with lots of restaurants and shops (best butcher's shop ever is very close to the appartment, very good bakery is next to it). You will find a lot of public transport  at Nation station (3 min. walk) to get you anywhere in Paris very fast: Metro lines 1, 2, 6 and 9, RER line A. If you enjoy walking, you can easily walk to the Père Lachaise cemetery, 
27001	The apartment is located in the 11th arrondissement, right in the heart of the city. It's a young, lively and trendy area, full of trendy shops, restaurants, theatres etc. The apartment was fully renovated in april 2012, it's on the 6th floor, it is composed of a main room with open kitchen (fridge, microwave, coffee machine, kettle, stove, cooking ustensils etc.) , and a separate bathroom with shower and WC. Inside the apartment, you will find everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris: top quality pull out bed, wi-fi and, bed linen (2 pillows, 1 large duvet, et 1 light blanket), towels (2 per person), flat screen tv with international channels, table, laundry on the ground floor, closet, iron, hair dryer... The apartment is just 1 minute walk from Goncourt metro station and 5 minutes walk from République. Private car park and supermarket are just 50metres away from the apartment. 	The apartment is located in the 11th arrondissement, right in the heart of the city. It's a young, lively and trendy area, full of trendy shops, restaurants, theatres etc. The apartment was fully renovated in april 2012, it's on the 6th floor, it is composed of a main room with open kitchen (fridge, microwave, coffee machine, kettle, stove, cooking ustensils etc.) , and a separate bathroom with shower and WC. Inside the apartment, you will find everything you need to enjoy your stay in Paris: top quality pull out bed, wi-fi and, bed linen (2 pillows, 1 large duvet, et 1 light blanket), towels (2 per person), flat screen tv with international channels, table, laundry on the ground floor, closet, iron, hair dryer... The apartment is just 1 minute walk from Goncourt metro station and 5 minutes walk from République. Private car park and supermarket are just 50metres away from the apartment. 
27002	Our 55 sq meter flat has been recently refurbished (December 2014) by architects, all walls were taken down in the main room to create a big space with open kitchen and living room. It is located on the 4th floor of a 1960s building. Big loft windows and a small terrace all face south-west, the Parisian skyline and its pink skies at sunset are wonderful!	"Loft-style apt beautifully refurbished by architect. Located in the heart of Paris' hippest neighbourhood, this spacious apartment is wonderful for a romantic getaway. A lovely quiet building, the apt is sun-drenched from noon to sunset. Our 55 sq meter flat has been recently refurbished (December 2014) by architects, all walls were taken down in the main room to create a big space with open kitchen and living room. It is located on the 4th floor of a 1960s building. Big loft windows and a small terrace all face south-west, the Parisian skyline and its pink skies at sunset are wonderful! Besides hosting you, our printed ""home guide"" explains the apartment and how to get around the neighbourhood, which are the best places to brunch at, go to a romantic dinner, go to nice cocktail bars.  Canal Saint-Martin is a visitor's dream and a hipster's paradise. Coffee shops, restaurants, trendy boutiques all alongside the river and its tall trees. You can rent bikes easily and go all the way up t"
27003	A very sunny living-room with a view on the roofs of Paris. The kitchen has micro wave oven, and electric oven, coffe machine, fridge. 2 Large bedrooms with their own terrace. The first one has the same view  as the living room. The second a view on Tour Eiffel, Sacré-Coeur, Centre Georges Pompidou. Size of the beds 140 cm.	At the top of a 6 levels modern building, quiet and confortable apartment with 3 rooms. Entrance through a hudge terrace over the roofs of Paris. Many restaurants in the district. A very sunny living-room with a view on the roofs of Paris. The kitchen has micro wave oven, and electric oven, coffe machine, fridge. 2 Large bedrooms with their own terrace. The first one has the same view  as the living room. The second a view on Tour Eiffel, Sacré-Coeur, Centre Georges Pompidou. Size of the beds 140 cm. Living nextdoor, we are very helpful for any advice and information about restaurants, shopping, museums... A lot of public transport, vélib'. Private parking
27004		Studio situé en plein centre de Paris, dans un passage privé classé donnant sur la place de la Bastille. Profitez de sa situation géographique, vous êtes à deux pas de tous les sites à visiter. 5 lignes de métro sont à votre disposition sur la place 
27005		Studio 25m2 sur jardin arboré, calme, lumineux, parquet chêne, moulures, cheminée avec trumeau, 2ème étage, Métro Nation. Lignes Métro 1,2,6,9,8, RER A. Internet Wifi, télé, enceinte bluetooth, Cuisine équipée, lave linge, micro onde four, cafetière, bouilloire ... Salle de bain avec Wc, douche, lavabo, 1 lit deux personnes, 1 canapé club cuir.
27006	Very clear flat in a safe area.	Very bright modern flat, bedroom quiet looks out onto the private garden. Many shops, restaurants and market around. Close to Père-Lachaise, 15 mn walk to Bastille and 10 mn to Nation. Metro line 2 and bus. Very clear flat in a safe area. Access to the bathroom and the private garden. Willing to talk and give information about the area and the places to visit, directly or by e-mail. I can speak English and Spanish. Very lively area close to Père-Lachaise, Bastille and Nation full of shops and restaurants. Metro line 2 or bus 76, 61 or 69 Breakfast included in the price.
27007	Loft confortable, lumineux avec de larges ouvertures, grand volume (3,50HSP). Appartement d'environ 80m2 situé dans un immeuble ancien . Cuisine équipée  ouverte sur séjour. Une chambre avec 1 lit double sur estrade, une chambre avec 1 lit simple et un couchage sur le bureau en mezzanine (de type canapé lit). Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparés. Situation centrale pour découvrir la ville, à pied ou en transport. A 10 mn à pied de la Place de la République et du Canal Saint Martin.	Situé au coeur d'un quartier vivant et populaire à 10mn à pied du Père Lachaise et du Canal St Martin. Nombreux restaurants et commerces.  Appartement de type Loft 2 chambres + mezzanine clair et calme sur cour. Idéal Famille, jusqu'à 5 personnes. Loft confortable, lumineux avec de larges ouvertures, grand volume (3,50HSP). Appartement d'environ 80m2 situé dans un immeuble ancien . Cuisine équipée  ouverte sur séjour. Une chambre avec 1 lit double sur estrade, une chambre avec 1 lit simple et un couchage sur le bureau en mezzanine (de type canapé lit). Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparés. Situation centrale pour découvrir la ville, à pied ou en transport. A 10 mn à pied de la Place de la République et du Canal Saint Martin. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement hormis quelques placards. Enfants bienvenus, pas d’accès handicapé animaux a priori non admis et location non-fumeur. Une personne sera présente pour accueillir les voyageurs ainsi qu'à leur départ. U
27008	The flat got a view in a courtyard. Very silent inside the living room	Rent a 45m², on the 5th floor of a modern flat with commodities
27009	 grande chambre double de 20m² toute équipée (lit canapé bureau ) avec salle de bain privative. Côté cours , très silencieuse . L'appartement est un beau duplex situé au 7ème avec ascenseur et dernier étage, sans voisin de palier. L'appartement est sur 2 étages : un grand salon, un balcon plein sud suffisamment grand pour manger dehors, une buanderie, 3 chambres (1 en rez de chaussée, 2 à l'étage), 2 salles de bain) une cuisine tout équipée (frigo, congélateur, lave linge, four, micro ondes),	Grande chambre double  20m² toute équipée (lit canapé bureau rangement) avec SDB privative.   Imm situé dans une rue calme, mais proche de Bastille, de Nation et des quartiers animés ( metro 9 ,8 et 1).  apt duplex cuisine equipée/ balcon /   grande chambre double de 20m² toute équipée (lit canapé bureau ) avec salle de bain privative. Côté cours , très silencieuse . L'appartement est un beau duplex situé au 7ème avec ascenseur et dernier étage, sans voisin de palier. L'appartement est sur 2 étages : un grand salon, un balcon plein sud suffisamment grand pour manger dehors, une buanderie, 3 chambres (1 en rez de chaussée, 2 à l'étage), 2 salles de bain) une cuisine tout équipée (frigo, congélateur, lave linge, four, micro ondes), Immeuble situé dans une rue calme, mais proche de Bastille, de Nation et des quartiers animés. Tous commerces en bas de l'immeuble. D'un point de vue transport, les lignes 8 (Faidherbe Chaligny), 9(Charonne) et 1 (Reuilly Diderot) sont accessibles à pied. 
27010	L'appartement contient un salon, deux chambres, une cuisine, une salle de bain avec WC. Vous aurez une chambre, avec un lit, un bureau, la deuxième chambre est équipée d'un lit. Un acces Wifi et TV (dans le salon), une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, lave-linge). Des draps et des serviettes de toilettes seront mis à votre disposition. Vous disposerez de votre propre jeu de clef pour pouvoir aller et venir à votre guise. L'appartement est très facilement accessible car desservi par 4 lignes de métro différentes toutes situées à maximum 5 minutes à pieds. La plus près étant au coin de la rue. Lignes de métro: 5/9/8/3. Très agréable, vous serez en 5 minutes au canal Saint-Martin, en 10 min à Bastille, le marais est tout proche également. Commerces, cafés, restaurants, pharmacies se trouve dans notre rue.  Une supérette se trouve au pied de l'immeuble. La fameuse rue Oberkampf connue pour ses nombreux bars et restaurants se situe à quelques mètres seulement de l'appartement. L'appartement es	L'appartement contient un salon, deux chambres, une cuisine, une salle de bain avec WC. Vous aurez une chambre, avec un lit, un bureau, la deuxième chambre est équipée d'un lit. Un acces Wifi et TV (dans le salon), une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, lave-linge). Des draps et des serviettes de toilettes seront mis à votre disposition. Vous disposerez de votre propre jeu de clef pour pouvoir aller et venir à votre guise. L'appartement est très facilement accessible car desservi par 4 lignes de métro différentes toutes situées à maximum 5 minutes à pieds. La plus près étant au coin de la rue. Lignes de métro: 5/9/8/3. Très agréable, vous serez en 5 minutes au canal Saint-Martin, en 10 min à Bastille, le marais est tout proche également. Commerces, cafés, restaurants, pharmacies se trouve dans notre rue.  Une supérette se trouve au pied de l'immeuble. La fameuse rue Oberkampf connue pour ses nombreux bars et restaurants se situe à quelques mètres seulement de l'appartement. L'appartement es
27011	"The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers! The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers! The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers!"	"The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers! The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers! The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfortable for two persons, and all the facilities.  Be my guest and see for yourself!  Cheers! The apartment is in the heart of the ""11éme"", great bar & restaurants district, walking distance from Republique square.   It is 15m2, small but cosy, and very well disposed.  Comfo"
27012		This luminous apartment has an excellent location, between the Place de la Nation and Faidherbe.
27013	"I am offering a charming bedroom with a double bed. It includes a desk with a chair, a cupboard. You will share a bathroom/shower with just two of my quiet teenager kids. Kitchen is available and you will be the only ones using it. The living room is there, for possible use, too. The apartment is located close to metro Republique , in a very trendy area called ""Canal St Martin"", near the Marais (accross Republique Place) . It's very central with 5 metro lines and many buses, taxis. There are many stores, restaurants, cafes and bars around,( very lively at night too),, St Louis Hospital garden. The bedroom faces a quiet courtyard with trees and greenery. We speak English and love hosting foreigners. My husband and I live in a different apartment, just underneath.On certains dates you can have the entiring appartment. just ask me!!"	"I am offering a charming bedroom with a double bed. It includes a desk with a chair, a cupboard. You will share a bathroom/shower with just two of my quiet teenager kids. Kitchen is available and you will be the only ones using it. The living room is there, for possible use, too. The apartment is located close to metro Republique , in a very trendy area called ""Canal St Martin"", near the Marais (accross Republique Place) . It's very central with 5 metro lines and many buses, taxis. There are many stores, restaurants, cafes and bars around,( very lively at night too),, St Louis Hospital garden. The bedroom faces a quiet courtyard with trees and greenery. We speak English and love hosting foreigners. My husband and I live in a different apartment, just underneath.On certains dates you can have the entiring appartment. just ask me!! I will advice you about restaurants nearby, the ones which are cheap, or organic, or with tipical french food. I know the best backers in the area,I can advic"
27014	A votre disposition, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, TV, accès internet, Balcon  Metro Ligne 9, arrêt Voltaire	Agréable studio de 26 m² avec balcon au cœur du XI ème arrondissement,  pouvant accueillir 2 personnes afin de passer un séjour au calme dans un des quartiers le plus vivant de Paris. A votre disposition, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, TV, accès internet, Balcon  Metro Ligne 9, arrêt Voltaire A votre disposition, cuisine entièrement équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, TV, accès internet, Balcon Metro Ligne 9, arrêt Voltaire
27015	-Bien situé dans Paris, entre Bastille et République, au pied du cirque d'hiver, proche de tous commerces et transports ( Métros, bus et bornes Velib' ) - Métro(s) Filles du Calvaire Ligne 8 ou Oberkampf  Ligne 5 et 9 -Quartier agréable et vivant -Au 3°étage ( sans ) ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien -Digicode, porte blindée, double vitrage, chauffage électrique, salle de bains, wc, coin cuisine, plaques électriques, frigidaire... -En revanche il n'y a pas de machine à laver, il y a 2 laveries à moins de 3 mns à pied de l'appartement	Studio of 23 M2 for 2 people maximum. Situated in a former(old) building at the heart of Paris, of all the businesses and transport. Shower, TOILETS, Kitchen area, Reads for 2, Optical fiber, Wi-Fi Internet. Ideal short duration or weekend in Paris. 
27016	"It's a big room (13 m² and 3m20 high), calm, exposition (south ouest sun from 13pm to 7pm ). there is a big bed (futon) and a little one. we are a familly. it's a quiet place, with windows to the yard. the nearest METRO is REPUBLIQUE: 5 minutes by walking. there is also very near the metro OBERKAMPF, or, GONCOURT and also PARMENTIER. it's a very nice neighbouroud, there is a nice walk on the canal st martin, with a lot of good restaurants, you are also very close from ""le marais"" and ""le marché des enfants rouges"" . we can give you some very good information to eat well and have a nice time. The nearest METRO is REPUBLIQUE: 5 minutes by walking. there is also very near the metro OBERKAMPF, or, GONCOURT and also PARMENTIER."	"It's a big room (13 m² and 3m20 high), calm, exposition (south ouest sun from 13pm to 7pm ). there is a big bed (futon) and a little one. we are a Little Familly. Me and my 2 children. It's a big room (13 m² and 3m20 high), calm, exposition (south ouest sun from 13pm to 7pm ). there is a big bed (futon) and a little one. we are a familly. it's a quiet place, with windows to the yard. the nearest METRO is REPUBLIQUE: 5 minutes by walking. there is also very near the metro OBERKAMPF, or, GONCOURT and also PARMENTIER. it's a very nice neighbouroud, there is a nice walk on the canal st martin, with a lot of good restaurants, you are also very close from ""le marais"" and ""le marché des enfants rouges"" . we can give you some very good information to eat well and have a nice time. The nearest METRO is REPUBLIQUE: 5 minutes by walking. there is also very near the metro OBERKAMPF, or, GONCOURT and also PARMENTIER. the nearest METRO is REPUBLIQUE: 5 minutes by walking. there is also very near the"
27017	Room available dans le 11th district. Very nice neighborhood and very close to the heart of Paris.  Métro : Saint-Ambroise or Voltaire.  Kitchen and bathroom equipped (the washing machine is operable). 	Chambre disponible dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris. Quartier très sympathique et très proche du coeur de Paris.  Métro : Saint-Ambroise ou Voltaire.  Cuisine et salle de bain équipé (possibilité d'utiliser la machine à laver). Room available dans le 11th district. Very nice neighborhood and very close to the heart of Paris.  Métro : Saint-Ambroise or Voltaire.  Kitchen and bathroom equipped (the washing machine is operable).
27018	A wide contemporary open space on the ground floor, with inside/outside access to living, dining, kitchen areas, separated from the quiet and cosy bedrooms area on the upper level by a glass and wooden staircase.  You can choose family dinner/playing times inside or outside. All equipment provided to facilitate your family life in Paris : fully equiped kitchen, living room with media, bedrooms, dressing, and bathrooms with items you will not have to carry in heavy suitcases.	Like a house in the midst of Paris! Duplex, fully furnished with 3 bedrooms for 5 guests, with a private courtyard, very quiet, between “La Bastille” and “La Republique”.  You will enjoy inside/outside dining/kitchen accessibility.                   A wide contemporary open space on the ground floor, with inside/outside access to living, dining, kitchen areas, separated from the quiet and cosy bedrooms area on the upper level by a glass and wooden staircase.  You can choose family dinner/playing times inside or outside. All equipment provided to facilitate your family life in Paris : fully equiped kitchen, living room with media, bedrooms, dressing, and bathrooms with items you will not have to carry in heavy suitcases. In the kitchen : Nespresso and classic coffee machine, TV, toaster, food processor, welcome basket for tired travellers. A fully equiped kitchen for cooking lovers. In the living-room : TV, wifi, ..., books, children toys and games. Cosy bedrooms with prepared beds, Bat
27019	Comfortable 70 square meter (230 square feet) apartment, at the second floor of a typical Parisian building located in Bastille 's arrondissement, right next to Nation Square. Warm and bright, with wooden floor and good ceiling height, this flat belongs to a well travelled musician and is provided with a Bechstein Grand concert 8 piano in perfect condition. The decoration nicely combines antiques, contemporary furniture as well as that from the 50’s and 60’s. It has a large hallway, a fully equipped kitchen, a confortable bedroom, a bathroom and a vast 35 square meter (114 square feet) living room. In this spacious living room one finds the piano, a library, a dining table, a convertible couch and a stereo. Impressionist paintings echo contemporary pieces, genuine Louis XVI armchairs marries a glass table, an antique chest of drawers or a 1950’s buffet. The whole gives the place a very charming atmosphere, altogether chic and relaxed. The bedroom is sunny and quiet and has direct acces	Spacious and stylish 1 bedroom apartment with piano, very comfortable for 2 to 4 music and arts lovers. Located in a beautiful neighborhood, a few blocks away from Bastille, right next to Nation metro station. An excellent base for city explorers. Comfortable 70 square meter (230 square feet) apartment, at the second floor of a typical Parisian building located in Bastille 's arrondissement, right next to Nation Square. Warm and bright, with wooden floor and good ceiling height, this flat belongs to a well travelled musician and is provided with a Bechstein Grand concert 8 piano in perfect condition. The decoration nicely combines antiques, contemporary furniture as well as that from the 50’s and 60’s. It has a large hallway, a fully equipped kitchen, a confortable bedroom, a bathroom and a vast 35 square meter (114 square feet) living room. In this spacious living room one finds the piano, a library, a dining table, a convertible couch and a stereo. Impressionist paintings echo contem
27020	Bonjour,  je mets à disposition mon beau 2 pièces situé à 5mn du quartier de république dans le 11 ème arrondissement. Bonjour,  je mets à disposition mon beau 2 pièces situé à 5mn du quartier de république dans le 11 ème arrondissement.  l'appartement est un deux pièces confortable décoré avec soin et gout. il fait 30 mètres carrez il est constitué d'un salon avec un canapé et d'une chambre avec un vrai  lit 2 places. la capacité d’accueil est 2 personnes + 1 sur le canapé sur demande.   il est tout équipé (micro onde- four- plaques chauffantes - machine a café - internet wifi - fer a repasser - sèche cheveux - shampoing - gel douche - et capsule pour café et thé ainsi que des biscuits sont mis a disposition vous êtes en plein milieu du 11eme arrondissement entre république et voltaire. vous êtes a 12 minutes à pieds du marais et à 7 minutes à pieds de bastille.   metro ligne 9 (saint ambroise et voltaire) ligne 3 ( parmentier) y'a beaucoup de bus qui passent par le quartier qui vous 	Hello,  Beautiful cosy apartment in the center of Paris. Living room with big sofa + bedroom (big bed ). The apartment is very close to many markets and metro stations.  Bonjour,  je mets à disposition mon beau 2 pièces situé à 5mn du quartier de république dans le 11 ème arrondissement. Bonjour,  je mets à disposition mon beau 2 pièces situé à 5mn du quartier de république dans le 11 ème arrondissement. Bonjour,  je mets à disposition mon beau 2 pièces situé à 5mn du quartier de république dans le 11 ème arrondissement.  l'appartement est un deux pièces confortable décoré avec soin et gout. il fait 30 mètres carrez il est constitué d'un salon avec un canapé et d'une chambre avec un vrai  lit 2 places. la capacité d’accueil est 2 personnes + 1 sur le canapé sur demande.   il est tout équipé (micro onde- four- plaques chauffantes - machine a café - internet wifi - fer a repasser - sèche cheveux - shampoing - gel douche - et capsule pour café et thé ainsi que des biscuits sont mis a disp
27021	3ème étage sans ascenceur	Appartement de 35 m2, très bien agencé.  Il a beaucoup de charme et il est bien décoré avec poutres apparentes et tomettes au sol.  Il est bien situé à côté de la place république et du canal saint martin. Il a toutes les fonctionnalités possibles 3ème étage sans ascenceur Logement entier Disponible par téléphone et mail 24h/24 et 7j/7 A 5 minutes à pied des métros République et Goncourt
27022	"Ideal for family holidays in the heart of Paris, or for lively holidays in a neighborhood that moves. Old workshop restored in loft: high ceilings, large windows, large living room of 100 m² and private bedrooms, with both a typical character and a functional side. Set on 2 levels (ground floor and 1st) and in courtyard, the apartment is perfectly calm. The place is both pleasant and practical: * 2 steps from Père Lachaise cemetery, the largest ""garden"" of Paris, * in the 11th district, mixing neighborhood life and trendy nightlife hotspots (shops, parks, bars, cafés, restaurants, concert halls ...) * closed to the metro (30 meters from the Pere Lachaise station, lines 2 and 3) * 2 bus lines in front of the apartment: the 61 leading directly to the ""jardin des plantes"", the 69 leading in the heart of the ""marais"". Apartment description 1st floor: * Living room of 100 m² with dining corner (table 8-10) / TV area / piano * 1 master bedroom (king size bed and shower) * Open kitchen (all e"	"Beautiful loft with the typical side preserved and offering high quality services. With its living room of 100 m², you will feel at ease in the heart of Paris, in a district both lively and peaceful. Enjoy your stay! Ideal for family holidays in the heart of Paris, or for lively holidays in a neighborhood that moves. Old workshop restored in loft: high ceilings, large windows, large living room of 100 m² and private bedrooms, with both a typical character and a functional side. Set on 2 levels (ground floor and 1st) and in courtyard, the apartment is perfectly calm. The place is both pleasant and practical: * 2 steps from Père Lachaise cemetery, the largest ""garden"" of Paris, * in the 11th district, mixing neighborhood life and trendy nightlife hotspots (shops, parks, bars, cafés, restaurants, concert halls ...) * closed to the metro (30 meters from the Pere Lachaise station, lines 2 and 3) * 2 bus lines in front of the apartment: the 61 leading directly to the ""jardin des plantes"", th"
27023	Located in Paris near Nation, Bastille and Père Lachaise, this exceptional, luxury flat is entirely facing a private terrace and private garden that is pretty unique in Paris! Part of a modern and quality building, this 2-bedroom on the ground floor is fully furnished with contemporary furniture to ensure that your stay in Paris will be as comfortable and serene as possible. The apartment provides absolute calm. We wouldn't have been living there for almost 8 years if it wasn't up to that promise ;-). The flat is spacious and well organized. The reception area, in a beautiful volume of 40m2 (430 sqf) with a ceiling at 2m90 (9.5 ft), is composed of a big living room and a fully equipped kitchen. The other rooms — two bedrooms, the bathroom and toilets — are all clearly separated for comfort and privacy. Your private parking space is also available and accessible with an elevator within the building. The apartment is very easy to access with the public transportation system: Metro Alexan	Located in Paris near Nation, Bastille and Père Lachaise, this exceptional 2 bedrooms  flat is entirely facing a private terrace and garden, and provides absolute calm. A private parking space is also available Located in Paris near Nation, Bastille and Père Lachaise, this exceptional, luxury flat is entirely facing a private terrace and private garden that is pretty unique in Paris! Part of a modern and quality building, this 2-bedroom on the ground floor is fully furnished with contemporary furniture to ensure that your stay in Paris will be as comfortable and serene as possible. The apartment provides absolute calm. We wouldn't have been living there for almost 8 years if it wasn't up to that promise ;-). The flat is spacious and well organized. The reception area, in a beautiful volume of 40m2 (430 sqf) with a ceiling at 2m90 (9.5 ft), is composed of a big living room and a fully equipped kitchen. The other rooms — two bedrooms, the bathroom and toilets — are all clearly separated 
27024	"Located in a very quiet street in the central and lively Bastille district of Paris, the room is in a  110 square meter apartment , very light ,and view over a sunny terrace and gardens. The apartment is in a early XXth  century building , at the first  of 2 floors. The shape of the apartment is an L and has large factory style windows  all along one side  of the apartment. The room has a double bed . If you need 2 single beds  please choose the other room. The apartment consist of one entry with toilets, one big living room, with kitchen, 2 rooms , one bathroom with shower, one bathroom with bath,and a terracce .You will have to share bathroom with 1 or 2 other guests or owner, depending on period. The apartment is equiped with all commodities and internet ,WIFI, a big TV, and a piano, Bed sheets and Towels provided. Breakfast possible. At 100 meters is the subway station Ledru Rollin. Bastille station (email hidden) walking, same for ""Gare de Lyon""station. "	Super quiet, comfortable room with access to a terrace full of plants. 100 meters from subway Ledru Rollin, and all shops, 7 mn walk from Bastille lively area and Marais.  Access anytime to living room and kitchen . Enjoy Zen and creative ambiance Located in a very quiet street in the central and lively Bastille district of Paris, the room is in a  110 square meter apartment , very light ,and view over a sunny terrace and gardens. The apartment is in a early XXth  century building , at the first  of 2 floors. The shape of the apartment is an L and has large factory style windows  all along one side  of the apartment. The room has a double bed . If you need 2 single beds  please choose the other room. The apartment consist of one entry with toilets, one big living room, with kitchen, 2 rooms , one bathroom with shower, one bathroom with bath,and a terracce .You will have to share bathroom with 1 or 2 other guests or owner, depending on period. The apartment is equiped with all commoditi
27025		Notre appartement de 115 m2 se situe au cœur de Paris entre Père Lachaise, Bastille et Nation. Il est lumineux, accueillant, douillet. Au pied de chez nous un joli marché atypique, des bistrots parisiens et leurs petits concerts....
27026	Great, quiet, and bright flat with separate bedroom and own kitchen located near the Pere Lachaise cemetery. Close to several subway lines (1, 2 and 9). Internet (fiber optic, wifi). In the neighbourhood: many shops, supermarkets, market (twice a week), cafés, bars, restaurants. Do not hesitate to get in touch with me if you have any question, I'll reply as soon as possible!	Great, quiet, and bright flat with separate bedroom and own kitchen located near the Pere Lachaise cemetery. Close to several subway lines (1, 2 and 9). Internet (fiber optic, wifi). In the neighbourhood: many shops, supermarkets, market (twice a week), cafés, bars, restaurants. Do not hesitate to get in touch with me if you have any question, I'll reply as soon as possible!
27027	l'appartement est très bien situé en plein coeur de Paris dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, avec une terrasse au calme sur cour de 20 m2 et un balcon sur la rue. Bien exposé: est/ouest. La chambre est sur cour donc, au calme.	"A deux pas de la Place des Vosges et de la place de la Bastille, dans une rue calme. Une grande et jolie chambre dans un appartement de charme parisien d'environ 100m2 avec terrasse. Parquet, cheminée, bureau, rangements. l'appartement est très bien situé en plein coeur de Paris dans un immeuble du 19ème siècle. Au 2ème étage avec ascenseur, avec une terrasse au calme sur cour de 20 m2 et un balcon sur la rue. Bien exposé: est/ouest. La chambre est sur cour donc, au calme. Les voyageurs ont accès au séjour, la cuisine dinatoire, la terrasse et salle de bains. Je parle anglais, espagnol et me ""débrouille"" en italien. -la proximité du quartier du Marais: quartier historique avec ses magnifiques hôtels particuliers, ses galeries d'art, la Place des Vosges … - à deux pas de la place de la Bastille, ses bistrots, restaurants, cinémas... -un grand marché très sympathique à 150m  2 fois/semaine - station de métro: Breguet-Sabin (ligne 5) à 150m - station de métro: Chemin vert (ligne 8) à 200m"
27028	Our appartement fits perfectly up to four adults and one kid.  There is a large living-dining area with a pretty high ceilings, the kitchen opens to that space. The parent sleep in a alcove with a bed 160/200. A little staircase brings you to a mezzanine where I draw illustrations for children books and where you find our family computer.  Our two boys have their separated rooms, their beds are on mezzanines and our little girl's bed (120cm) is also in one of the children rooms. Furthermore: a separated toilet and the bathroom with a shower.	Very special apartment, designed by an architect. Quite, it is located in a cosy neighbourhood in the heart of Paris. Perfect for a family to discover the bohemian Parisien life as well as the Marais, Notre Dame, Montmartre and the rest of it. Our appartement fits perfectly up to four adults and one kid.  There is a large living-dining area with a pretty high ceilings, the kitchen opens to that space. The parent sleep in a alcove with a bed 160/200. A little staircase brings you to a mezzanine where I draw illustrations for children books and where you find our family computer.  Our two boys have their separated rooms, their beds are on mezzanines and our little girl's bed (120cm) is also in one of the children rooms. Furthermore: a separated toilet and the bathroom with a shower. Towels and linens are provided for our guests.  We will leave our little personal neighboorhood guide : their are plenty of cafés and restauraunts and special places around here - we tell you our favorite one
27029	Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. All the windows are double glazed.	Gorgeous 59 sqm apartment to rent for two people in Paris next to the famous Cirque d'Hiver. Contemporary, comfortable, very well equipped, this place is just great ! Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code and a second gate with an intercom. All the windows are double glazed. This 59 sqm apartment has two separate rooms and can sleep two persons. It is very comfortable, quiet and very well equipped. The entrance hall directly gives on the dining-room. It is spacious and you will have several options to sit and have dinner : you can use the dining table, where four people can sit or you can use a central island with two high chairs. The kitted kitchen is open on this room. The living-room is open on the dining-room but it is independent. It has a comfortable leather couch, a coffee table and an armchair. The living-room features a large TV set with cable TV, a DVD player, a CD player and a radio. From the living-room you will access t
27030		Charmant studio meublé à 5mn à pieds de Bastille, près Place des Vosges. Lumineux et vue sur les toits de Paris. Canapé lit 2 places, kitchenette équipée, douche et (website hidden) internet téléphone compris 6e etage sans ascenceur
27031	The flat is about 30m². The principal room is made of the living room and the bed room (very confortable sofa bed). Crossing that lovely space, you get to the kitchen; cute little one that counts all the equipment you need.  Extra bright during the day thanks to huge windows, you’ll enjoy the nice heat of the sun getting in till noon. At night, however, a shutter will make sure that the early morning’s sunlight doesn’t bother you.  The vieuw is beautiful, peaceful. It gives on the charming district of Paris called Ménilmontant.  The flat has also a big bathroom with a bathtub and a washer-drier. The wc is separated which offers you even more intimacy.  Believe me, it counts everything you’d need to make your stay amazing.	Flat located on the 6th floor. Charming, bright, confortable and peaceful. Perfect for two. Easily reachable, the district is in close proximity to fashion, grocery stores, bars, great restaurants and trendy. Anything you need, you'll find it there! The flat is about 30m². The principal room is made of the living room and the bed room (very confortable sofa bed). Crossing that lovely space, you get to the kitchen; cute little one that counts all the equipment you need.  Extra bright during the day thanks to huge windows, you’ll enjoy the nice heat of the sun getting in till noon. At night, however, a shutter will make sure that the early morning’s sunlight doesn’t bother you.  The vieuw is beautiful, peaceful. It gives on the charming district of Paris called Ménilmontant.  The flat has also a big bathroom with a bathtub and a washer-drier. The wc is separated which offers you even more intimacy.  Believe me, it counts everything you’d need to make your stay amazing. Once you're in, it
27032	This is a spacious 65m2 apartment on the first floor of a traditional Parisian building.  There is a big sitting room, a dinning room, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a light and airy bedroom situated on the courtyard so very peaceful. Each room has a  fire place, tall ceilings and beautifully decorated with art and antiques from all over the world. The kitchen is fully equipped for those who love to cook including an oven (rare for Paris).	This is a spacious 65m2 apartment on the first floor of a traditional Parisian building.  There is a big sitting room, a dinning room, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a light and airy bedroom situated on the courtyard so very peaceful. Each room has a  fire place, tall ceilings and beautifully decorated with art and antiques from all over the world. The kitchen is fully equipped for those who love to cook including an oven (rare for Paris). We will not be in Paris during your stay but we will have someone here to hand over the keys and for you to contact if you need any help. This neighbourhood in the 11th arrondisement is lively and full of restaurants, cafes, wine bars, local food produce shops and boutiques. Less touristy and more laid back than other parts of paris yet still retaining the famous Parisian charm. The famous Cemetery Pere Lachaise is a 5 minute walk away, the Marais is a 15 minute walk away as is the unique Canal Saint Martin and the bustling Bastille. Every Thursday and S
27033	Ancien atelier d'artiste rénové situé dans une ruelle piétonne privée où se trouvent d'autres logements et ateliers d'artistes et artisans (couturières, photographes…). Rez de chaussée sans vis à vis. Très agréable et lumineux. Possibilité d'accès sur la cour extérieure (table et chaises de jardin disponibles). 	Vous aurez le coup de coeur pour notre loft (55m2) dans une impasse privée, calme et fleurie au coeur d'un quartier agréable et vivant. A proximité directe des métros Ménilmontant (L2) et Parmentier (L3). Tout confort. Ancien atelier d'artiste rénové situé dans une ruelle piétonne privée où se trouvent d'autres logements et ateliers d'artistes et artisans (couturières, photographes…). Rez de chaussée sans vis à vis. Très agréable et lumineux. Possibilité d'accès sur la cour extérieure (table et chaises de jardin disponibles). Internet, home-cinéma, DVD, cuisine équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave linge, douche italienne, machine nespresso. La rue Oberkampf et la rue Jean Pierre Timbaud (toute proche également) sont des rues très vivantes et festives où l'on peut trouver de nombreux bars, cafés, restaurants. Dans le quartier on peut trouver de nombreux lieux culturels comme la Maison des Métallos ou la Bellevilloise mais également des salles de concerts et des théâtres.  A 2 pas du métro Méni
27034	At the second floor of a Parisian building. The flat is situated in one of the most animated neiberhood of Paris, with lot of restaurants, brunch, bar, and shops open late and the sunday. But the street of the flat is really quiet. The flat is at 10 minuts from the city center by car or subway and next to the subway line 2,3 and 9. 	Clean flat at 10 minut from the center of Paris by subway. Situated in one of the most animated neighborhood of Paris.Next to 3 different lines of subway . And there is so much restaurants in the neighborhood that you won't be able to choose one At the second floor of a Parisian building. The flat is situated in one of the most animated neiberhood of Paris, with lot of restaurants, brunch, bar, and shops open late and the sunday. But the street of the flat is really quiet. The flat is at 10 minuts from the city center by car or subway and next to the subway line 2,3 and 9. In the flat there is a 2 people bed, a sofa bed, a fridge, a cooktop, an oven, a microwave, an I-MAC and the WIFI. I'll be present at the listing. And I know Paris very well so I can give you a lot of advice and nice places to go. My neighborhood is a really Parisian place where you can find anything you want, especeally about food and drinks. The flat is at 10 minuts from the city center by car or subway and next to
27035	the room is very cute and calm there is all you need, washing machine, sèche cheveux, gazinière avec un four, frigo, grille pain, bouilloire ... There is a balcony with little table and chair, to have brakfast in the sun or have a drink in the evening. 	Situé entre les métros Nation, Rue des Boulets, Avron et Faidherbe, chambre avec balcon, très calme et ensoleillée. Mon chat vous accueillera à votre arrivée, petite cuisine très fonctionnelle, salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. the room is very cute and calm there is all you need, washing machine, sèche cheveux, gazinière avec un four, frigo, grille pain, bouilloire ... There is a balcony with little table and chair, to have brakfast in the sun or have a drink in the evening. ascenceur pour monter à l'appartement, et métro à 5min à pieds, taxis et velib à côté également. Je ne suis pas dans le logement, mais mes collocataires elles y sont, elles sont 2.
27036		Studio de 25 mètres carré, lit 2 places, cuisine, salle d'eau et WC, télévision, box internet. 3ème étage immeuble sécurisé sans ascenseur, a 1 minute du métro voltaire et de tout commerce
27037	Big Room of 15m2	"Renting a private room of 15m2 in a spacious 56m2 Haussmannien apartment. The room has a fire place, tv, home theater, sofa, convertible bed and lots of charm :) You will also have access to the Kitchen + separate Toilette & Bath Room. Big Room of 15m2 Kitchen Toilet, Bathtub Internet, TV Often Typical Parisian Quartier near ""Bastille"" Line 9 (Rue des Boulets) Line 2 (Alexandre Dumas) RER A, Line 1, Line 6 (Nation)"
27038	Appartement 57 m² refait à neuf. 1er étage sans ascenseur.  1 chambre avec lit 2 personnes. Idéal pour un couple venant découvrir Paris. Salle de bain petite mais avec 1 baignoire - WC séparés. Nombreux commerces, marchés, restaurants	"Close to the subway station ""Voltaire"", this flat is locatated between Bastille (15 min walking distance) and Père Lachaise cemetery (10 min) and has everything you need for your stay in Paris. Lots of nice cafes, bars, restaurants (cheap or starred restaurants) in the area  Concerning transport, access by public transport is easy with Metro Line 5 and 9 from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est or Gare de Lyon. From airports, take either taxi (~40€ from Orly, ~50€ from CDG) or public transports We can communicate with Whatsapp Our area is close to Bastille, Le Marais or Republique (walking distance) but also quiet ! ^^ I would advise you to buy a book of 10 Tickets T+ (14,10€) to travel easily within Paris (website hidden)"
27039	Charmant calme lumineux et confortable. Charming, quiet, bright and cosy!	Studio de 23m2 avec mezzanine fixe, salle de bain, cuisine équipée et internet dans le centre de Paris. Idéal pour un séjour en amoureux. Cosy 23m2 apartment with mezzanine, bathroom, kitchen and internet in central neighborood. Ideal for a couple. Charmant calme lumineux et confortable. Charming, quiet, bright and cosy! Internet, Kitchen and old sono with great discs. I know very well my neighborood and Paris in general and can give tips for sights, restaurants, bars and shops.   My neighborood is one of the most animated in paris, with great night life but is also romantic and charming in day time with markets, the canal, The garden of menilmontant and the numerous shops and café.  Subway Line 2, 3 or 11 Many buses  and also rental bikes  
27040	Independent studio for 2 people ... rue Emile Lepeu, a quiet street in the center of Paris and just a few minutes from the Bastille, this apartment of 25 m2 is located on the first floor of a typical building secure (security code to gateway). This place only for you (I live in another apartment) has a single room with open kitchen bar and stools, large windows opening on a quiet street. Great for a couple (even with the possibility of baby bed or inflatable double mattress instead thickness). A table and two chairs for lunch or dinner. A corner office (desk, free internet access, WI-FI). An open small kitchen (refrigerator, stove, microwave, coffee maker, kettle and all necessary cooking utensils) An indoor bathroom with a (website hidden), stereo and radio. All linen included. Laundry at the bottom of the street. ACCESS: Charonne metro station, Nation and Voltaire (lines 1, 2, 6, 9). 2 minutes from the station Charonne. Near Gare d'Austerlitz and Gare de Lyon. Taxi stop (2 minutes) t	Independent studio for 2 people ... rue Emile Lepeu, a quiet street in the center of Paris and just a few minutes from the Bastille, this apartment of 25 m2 is located on the first floor of a typical building secure (security code to gateway). This place only for you (I live in another apartment) has a single room with open kitchen bar and stools, large windows opening on a quiet street. Great for a couple (even with the possibility of baby bed or inflatable double mattress instead thickness). A table and two chairs for lunch or dinner. A corner office (desk, free internet access, WI-FI). An open small kitchen (refrigerator, stove, microwave, coffee maker, kettle and all necessary cooking utensils) An indoor bathroom with a (website hidden), stereo and radio. All linen included. Laundry at the bottom of the street. ACCESS: Charonne metro station, Nation and Voltaire (lines 1, 2, 6, 9). 2 minutes from the station Charonne. Near Gare d'Austerlitz and Gare de Lyon. Taxi stop (2 minutes) t
27041	Appartement fonctionnel et propre (entretenu par une femme de ménage une fois par semaine) La chambre est calme car donnant sur cour et possède des volets électriques pour une obscurité totale. Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis Petit déjeuner inclus Pas de repas sur place (sauf petit déjeuner), vos repas devront donc être pris à l'extérieur	The charming Le Marais district is just a 20-minute walk from this cosy and comfortable room. Breakfast is included. The Faidherbe Chaligny Metro Station is 450 metres away.  A double bed and a bedside table with a lamp feature in the room. Brightly Access for guests : Bedroom, bathroom, toilet and the lounge for the breakfast  No smoking No on-site meals (except breakfast) ; your meals will be taken outside please Bed linen and towels are provided A cleaner arrives every Saturday morning (from 9 am to 11.30 am). Check-in: from 6pm (week) - from 2pm (WE) Check-out : before 8.30am (week) - before 11am (WE) Access for guests : Bedroom, bathroom, toilet and lounge  for the breakfast AEROPORT ORLY to my home 1) Take the BUS from ORLY AIRPORT until DENFERT ROCHEREAU station  2) Direction CHARLES DE GAULLE ETOILE (line 6) until station DAUMESNIL (10 stations)  3) Direction BALARD (line 8) until FAIDHERBE CHALIGNY station (3 stations)  My apartment is now at 5 minutes AIRPORT CDG to my flat (
27042	My charming  apartment is located in the center 11th arrondissement of Paris ideal for  2 people next to the Canal Saint Martin,  with incredible view of ancient church Saint Jospeh. Elegant apartment in a Haussmann building: parquet floor, moldings, marble fireplaces, the true Parisian charm.  It is all equipped, wifi, and a big marble bathroom(with relaxing bathtub) Guests have access to the full apartment: 2 bedrooms, a large living room and a bathroom with a toilet apart.	My charming 55 mq apartment located in 11 arrondissement , with a wonderful view of ancient Church  Saint-Jospeh, between Repulique square, Belleville, Canal Saint Martin,  is composed by a equipped kitchen, a bright dining room, a big bathroom. My charming  apartment is located in the center 11th arrondissement of Paris ideal for  2 people next to the Canal Saint Martin,  with incredible view of ancient church Saint Jospeh. Elegant apartment in a Haussmann building: parquet floor, moldings, marble fireplaces, the true Parisian charm.  It is all equipped, wifi, and a big marble bathroom(with relaxing bathtub) Guests have access to the full apartment: 2 bedrooms, a large living room and a bathroom with a toilet apart. My apartment is close to the famous Canal Saint Martin, a very cool area   with a lot of theatres, restaurants and places to go out. Close to shops, eateries, nice and lively bars, but also pedestrian streets, squares and green and romantic corners. Designer shops, bar and
27043	"PLEASE ASK AT LEAST 5 DAYS IN ADVANCE TO RENT ! NON SMOKING ***Location***  Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our apartment is set in the heart of the trendy ""Voltaire"" district, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep. Close by are also the pleasant ""Marais"" and lively ""Bastille"" districts, as well as the famous Pere Lachaise. ***Description***  The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a typically Parisian building. Its ivy-covered facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. Here is a list of links of some nice places to be nearby : (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) (website hidden) — The apartment is 29m2 and can comfortably sleep 2  — It has a bedroom with a real bed and a living room with "	"Nice and quiet, perfectly located for parisian way of life 2 minutes to rush in the tube, 2 minutes from a beer available all night long, 2 minutes from typical chinese, italian, bouchon de Lyon restaurants… Enjoy the life style ! PLEASE ASK AT LEAST 5 DAYS IN ADVANCE TO RENT ! NON SMOKING ***Location***  Very conveniently situated close to all commodities, our apartment is set in the heart of the trendy ""Voltaire"" district, with all the hip cafés and fashionable restaurants at your doorstep. Close by are also the pleasant ""Marais"" and lively ""Bastille"" districts, as well as the famous Pere Lachaise. ***Description***  The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a typically Parisian building. Its ivy-covered facade gives onto a large cobble-stoned courtyard. The apartment is extremely quiet. It equiped to a very high standard. The nearby metro stations make it an ideal base to explore the city, with easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. Here is a list of links "
27044	"Welcome to ""The Flower Of The Bastille"". A sunny studio with a private balcony overlooking a quiet garden. La Fleur is a large studio with open-style kitchen that can sleep up to a family of 4. Located in a modern gated condo complex on the vibrant Rue De La Roquette off Place de la Bastille, you have hundreds of restaurants, boutiques, cafes and markets to choose from. The street is overflowing with activity day and night, and you will never run out of new places to visit. Enjoy the private balcony to sip a cafe au lait and read up on your next day of sightseeing. The balcony overlooks a green garden that is closed off from the street on all sides. You will be able to sleep with peace and quiet and wake up to the sound of chirping birds and the rustling of falling leaves. The living area includes a comfortable double size bed and sofa-bed that can each sleep 2. Plenty of closet space, a dresser, a flat screen TV, DVD, and a cafe table that can fit up to 4. The flat screen TV in the li"	"Sunny and stylish studio apartment for up to 4 people with PRIVATE BALCONY and quiet garden view. Spacious and Bright Open Floor-plan. Central Bastille Location. Steps to Open Air market of the Bastille and the trendy St Paul neighborhood.  Welcome to ""The Flower Of The Bastille"". A sunny studio with a private balcony overlooking a quiet garden. La Fleur is a large studio with open-style kitchen that can sleep up to a family of 4. Located in a modern gated condo complex on the vibrant Rue De La Roquette off Place de la Bastille, you have hundreds of restaurants, boutiques, cafes and markets to choose from. The street is overflowing with activity day and night, and you will never run out of new places to visit. Enjoy the private balcony to sip a cafe au lait and read up on your next day of sightseeing. The balcony overlooks a green garden that is closed off from the street on all sides. You will be able to sleep with peace and quiet and wake up to the sound of chirping birds and the rus"
27045	Le logement est situé dans un immeuble où le calme est au rendez vous. Un grand salon avec bar américain. Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple mais peut facilement accueillir deux personnes en plus enfants/amis avec le grand canapé/lit dans le salon. La SDB est assez vieille mais la grande baignoire d'angle plus qu'agréable ! 	    Appartement d'artistes, pr 1 ou 4 pers = même tarif. Spacieux et chaleureux, grand salon avec bar américain, 1 chambre avec vrai lit 2 places, salon avec grand canapé/lit 2 places, cuisine, sdb plutôt vieille mais gde baignoire d'angle !       Le logement est situé dans un immeuble où le calme est au rendez vous. Un grand salon avec bar américain. Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple mais peut facilement accueillir deux personnes en plus enfants/amis avec le grand canapé/lit dans le salon. La SDB est assez vieille mais la grande baignoire d'angle plus qu'agréable !  Internet WIFI, TV (TNT), Machine à laver, Bain. Nous vous attendons pour vous remettre les clefs et vous faire visiter l'appartement, vous indiquer les lieux que nous aimons aux alentours, et répondre à vos éventuelles questions. Le quartier de Charonne est très agréable, familial, de nombreux restaurants, librairies, boulangeries, boutiques d'artisans. Situé entre Bastille et Menilmontant, idéal pour les soirées ! 
27046	Unique for the localisation, very central.  From the room you can see the eiffel tower You can go in the bars and restaurants less 2 min  subway it's 2 min by foot and you have a lot of buses closed to the flat 	Friendly and charming flat in the heart of Paris, very sunny you can enjoy the view of Paris  Unique for the localisation, very central.  From the room you can see the eiffel tower You can go in the bars and restaurants less 2 min  subway it's 2 min by foot and you have a lot of buses closed to the flat 
27047	Situé dans une résidence de standing sécurisée avec ascenseur, ce studio donne sur un grand balcon. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous	Beau studio spacieux tout équipé avec balcon lumineux, idéalement situé à 2 min de la Place de la Bastille, quartier branché et animé bars, restaurants Situé dans une résidence de standing sécurisée avec ascenseur, ce studio donne sur un grand balcon. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous -Wifi gratuit  -TV -lave vaisselle -lave linge -micro ondes -four -chauffage -douche balnéo -1 vrai lit 140X190 avec draps et couettes -4 serviettes Je suis a votre disposition pour vous aider à trouver les meilleurs adresses de Paris boutiques, restaurants, culture Vous serez au cœur de Paris l'un des quartier les plus demandé de la capitale. Vous êtes a 5 min à pieds du Marais,10 min de République, 10 min d'Opera, 10min des Galeries Lafayette. Ce quartier est animé mais l'appartement au calme aucune nuisance sonore. Metro ligne 1 Bastille 5 min à pieds Ligne 8 ledru Rollin 5 min à pieds Ligne 9 Voltaire 5 min à pieds Bus Vélib et Autolib en bas 2 nuits minimum
27048	Bedroom 1 : 12 m2 / Bedroom 2 : 8 m2 / living room : 20m2 There is a sofa bed for one or two people in the living room, two coach, a table and two windows.  The flat is a at the fifth floor without elevator (typical for paris ;-)!).	50 m2 - Three rooms : two bedrooms which one with a double bed, a living room, a bathroom and a small kitchen! There is a sofa bed for one or two people in the living room. The flat is a at the fifth floor without elevator (typical for paris ;-)!). Bedroom 1 : 12 m2 / Bedroom 2 : 8 m2 / living room : 20m2 There is a sofa bed for one or two people in the living room, two coach, a table and two windows.  The flat is a at the fifth floor without elevator (typical for paris ;-)!). Full access I won't be available all the time, but I will be present most of the week if there is any problems or if you need advices ! The place where we live is quiet and there are shops nearby : bakery, butcher, grocery... You can easily reach most of famous quarter in Paris : Bastille, Nation, Le Marais, Montmarte, Trocadéro... Line 9 (Rue de Boulets station) : 3 min walk Line 1, 2,6 / RER A (Nation station) : 10 min walk You will have a little bit of place in our wardrobe!
27049	Très bel espace baigné de lumière grâce à ses fenêtres qui courent le long de l'appartement. Ce logement est très calme, il donne sur une impasse, il est pratique, et offre un design épuré et relaxant.	Appartement très lumineux et très calme au 6 ème et dernier étage, digicode, gardienne, et ascenseur. Salon avec cuisine ouverte. Chambre et dressing, Salle de bain, WC séparés. Quartier Nation, idéal transport (L.1,2,6,9, et RER A) proche commerces. Très bel espace baigné de lumière grâce à ses fenêtres qui courent le long de l'appartement. Ce logement est très calme, il donne sur une impasse, il est pratique, et offre un design épuré et relaxant. Salon, cuisine, salle de bain, WC, chambre Je suis à votre disposition pour toute question ou demande. Nation est un point idéal à Paris entre son quartier très agréable et la facilité qu'il offre pour se déplacer. En 15 minutes maximum vous êtes au centre ville et près de tous les autres quartiers sympatiques et/touristiques de Paris.  Lignes 1,2,6,9 et RER A Pour la période de Novembre et Décembre je cherche quelqu'un qui puisse louer l'appartement sur du moyen terme, à savoir au moins un mois et idéalement les 2 mois.
27050	Bright, quiet ground floor studio in courtyard. 	An arty and modern studio located less than 10 minutes from Bastille and Père Lachaise cemetery! Bright, quiet ground floor studio in courtyard. There is wifi Internet access and an iMac is available for guest use. We will be present to welcome you and show you around. The studio is a minute's walk from rue de la Roquette, a vibrant shopping street with numerous pavement cafés and restaurants. There are two food markets within a ten minute walk. 10' walk to Bastille and the Père Lachaise cemetary  The nearest metro station  and bus stops are three minutes away The second sofabed is appropriate for one person.
27051	profitez d'un appart tous confort au cœur de la capital, les petite balades dans le marais n'aurons plus de secret pour vous !!!	deux pièces refait a neuf , lumineux, avec cuisine équipé, tous confort proche de 3 stations de métro, à 10 min à pied de la place des Vosges, 5 min de République au cœur des petits théâtres Parisien et des bars branchés profitez d'un appart tous confort au cœur de la capital, les petite balades dans le marais n'aurons plus de secret pour vous !!! Entre Bastille et République, à coté du marais et de ces boutiques branché, vous  trouverez une multitude de petit restaurant sur le pouce et bon marché, on vous conseil Blend (Un des meilleur hamburger de Paris ) a 3 min a pied!! . Pour les noctambules , il y a un bar à salsa, un Pub et quelque petit bar dans la rue et vous trouverez a 10 min à pied le quartier d'Oberkampf ou les bar branché sont concentré en une rue réputé dans tous Paris   Le quartier à su rester conviviale avec ces allures de village ou tout le monde se côtoie, avec bien sur le charme de Paris si particulier!!! Quoi de plus idéal, situé entre 3 stations de métro entre 2 e
27052	Cozy and tasty furnished studio, with a mix of vintage and designer furniture.  Beautiful bright and sunny bathroom with a walk-in shower and tiled from Emery & Cie.  Ideal location to enjoy your stay in Paris.	Charming 28 m2 apartment quiet and bright with 2 lovely balconies, under the roofs of Paris, ideally located in the 11th, with all amenities nearby, 2 steps away from 2 major subway line. Can accommodate 2-3 people max. Every comfort available. Cozy and tasty furnished studio, with a mix of vintage and designer furniture.  Beautiful bright and sunny bathroom with a walk-in shower and tiled from Emery & Cie.  Ideal location to enjoy your stay in Paris. This studio has all the comfort and can accommodate 2 to 3 people maximum.  - Wifi, TV, cable  - Washer / dryer  - Dishwasher  - Combined oven and microwave  - Induction hob  - Kettle  - Toaster  - refrigerator  - coffee machine - Hairdryer  - Iron  - Linen provided  - Plenty of storage  Excellent new sofa bed, very wide (160cm) with a high quality mattress which allow an excellent sleeping.  + An extra bed for one person, chair bed. The studio is located on the 6th floor without elevator. I'll be there to welcome you and tell you the lif
27053		"In One of the best districts of Paris, only a few minutes away (walking) from Republique, Bastille and Le Marais ! The places you need to be if you like shopping and going out in cool, typical Parisian bars and clubs! Known as the ""Hipster District »"
27054	Very Nice ! Apartment with 2 rooms :  - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places)  Within walking Feet of Place de la Bastille, street parallel to the rue de la Roquette (lively)  Bright and functional.  All equipped with every comfort  Max for 4 people  1st floor  Quiet street  supermarket, bakery, shops nearby  Near busy streets and Place de la Bastille	Very Nice ! Apartment with 2 rooms :  - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places)  Within walking Feet of Place de la Bastille, street parallel to the rue de la Roquette (lively)  Bright and functional.  All equipped with every comfort  Max for 4 people  1st floor  Quiet street  supermarket, bakery, shops nearby  Near busy streets and Place de la Bastille Very Nice ! Apartment with 2 rooms :  - bedroom with double bed (2 places)  - living room with sofa bed (2 places)  Within walking Feet of Place de la Bastille, street parallel to the rue de la Roquette (lively)  Bright and functional.  All equipped with every comfort  Max for 4 people  1st floor  Quiet street  supermarket, bakery, shops nearby  Near busy streets and Place de la Bastille Acces to everything in the appartment In the heart of Paris, 5 minutes from Place de la Bastille and its vibrant life.  Bars, restaurants, trendy places.  Idéal tourists place 1min walk to metro: Line 5 (Breguet Sabin)
27055		Dans un loft de styliste, calme et clair, avec vue sur jardins,  décoré dans esprit Bohême, situé à 2 pas du métro , dispose d'un lit double et d'un canapé transformable en lit double. Idéal pour famille avec enfants. Sallebain cuisine salon partagés
27056	Refait à neuf, ce grand appartement de 105 m2 est composé de : * 1 spacieux salon avec un balcon de 6 m2. Le salon est doté d'un canapé-lit en cuir (avec un matelas de 160x 200 cm) , d'une table basse, d'une TV à écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes et d' un ordinateur avec accès Internet (WIFI). * 1 salle à manger avec une table à manger pouvant accueillir 7 personnes * 1 cuisine toute équipée (cuisson à induction, fours, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, casseroles, pots, couverts) * 1 première chambre avec un lit double 160x200 cm, plusieurs placards, et une salle de bain complète attenante (lavabo, douche, WC) * 1 seconde chambre avec un lit double 160x200 cm, plusieurs placards et une salle de bain complète attenante (lavabo, douche, WC) * 1 troisième chambre avec un grand lit double 140x200 cm, une commode, table de chevet ainsi qu'un grand placard. * 1 salle de bain complète avec WC, un lavabo, une douche, et un sèche-cheveux. L'accès de cette salle de bain se fera par le salon. Il y 	Grand appartement refait à neuf en mai 2015, composé de 3 chambres et 3 salles de bains, situé à 300 m du métro Bastille (3 minutes à pied). L'appartement, entièrement équipé pour votre confort (cuisine meublée et fonctionnelle, TV, Wifi, lave linge, etc..), mesure 105 m2, et se situe au centre de Paris, dans le quartier de la Bastille et à deux pas du Marais Refait à neuf, ce grand appartement de 105 m2 est composé de : * 1 spacieux salon avec un balcon de 6 m2. Le salon est doté d'un canapé-lit en cuir (avec un matelas de 160x 200 cm) , d'une table basse, d'une TV à écran plat avec plus de 100 chaînes et d' un ordinateur avec accès Internet (WIFI). * 1 salle à manger avec une table à manger pouvant accueillir 7 personnes * 1 cuisine toute équipée (cuisson à induction, fours, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, casseroles, pots, couverts) * 1 première chambre avec un lit double 160x200 cm, plusieurs placards, et une salle de bain complète attenante (lavabo, douche, WC) * 1 seconde chambre av
27057	"The apartment is situated in one of the liveliest areas of central Paris (Oberkampf) with hundreds of shops, bars and restaurants around, 5 minutes walking distance from 3 different metro lines allowing a quick and easy access to all sites and attractions. Walking distance from the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery, Place de la Republique, Place de la Bastille, and the colorful 3rd district, called the Marais. The apartment is fully equipped, including fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, fast speed WiFi internet, washing machine, and a bathtub. Closed parking possible at demand. You will not miss anything from your every day life and comfort and yet you will have a real parisian experience! The flat is in between the metro lines 11 and 3. Line 11 will take you directly to Châtelet, where you will be able to easily walk  to many of the major Parisian landmarks like Notre - Dame, Pompidou,etc. Line 3 will take you directly to the main train station "" Gare St Lazare"" Please have a look at the l"	The apartment is located in one of the most exciting areas of central Paris (Oberkampf) with hundreds of shops, bars and restaurants around and only 5 minutes from the métro. The apartment is situated in one of the liveliest areas of central Paris (Oberkampf) with hundreds of shops, bars and restaurants around, 5 minutes walking distance from 3 different metro lines allowing a quick and easy access to all sites and attractions. Walking distance from the famous Pere Lachaise cemetery, Place de la Republique, Place de la Bastille, and the colorful 3rd district, called the Marais. The apartment is fully equipped, including fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, fast speed WiFi internet, washing machine, and a bathtub. Closed parking possible at demand. You will not miss anything from your every day life and comfort and yet you will have a real parisian experience! The flat is in between the metro lines 11 and 3. Line 11 will take you directly to Châtelet, where you will be able to easily walk 
27058	The flat is 40m², located at the 4th floor,  bright, clean, and quiet. Entrance is rue Boulle, the room windows (double glazing) allow a lovely view on rue Bréguet.  The flat contains an entry, a bath-room, a separated WC , the living-room and the kitchen are a single and convivial room. The two rooms ares à the two extremities of the flat (hence quiet !). The room to rent is furbished with a convertible bed with a comfy mattress which can host two persons, their are tidying spaces.  WIFI is available in the whole flat, NO TV,  Possibility to smoke at the window. 	    a 12m² room to rent in a 40m2 flat nearby Bastille. The whole flat is 2 rooms, kitchen/living-room, bathroom, WC.     The flat is 40m², located at the 4th floor,  bright, clean, and quiet. Entrance is rue Boulle, the room windows (double glazing) allow a lovely view on rue Bréguet.  The flat contains an entry, a bath-room, a separated WC , the living-room and the kitchen are a single and convivial room. The two rooms ares à the two extremities of the flat (hence quiet !). The room to rent is furbished with a convertible bed with a comfy mattress which can host two persons, their are tidying spaces.  WIFI is available in the whole flat, NO TV,  Possibility to smoke at the window.  WC, Bath-room, Living-room/Kitchen I'm sociable and independent guy.  I will be more than happy to recommend you some touristic or cultural places to visit, or shops, according to your  wishes and main interests. I don't live in a routine and repetitive way, my days are in general quite varied.  I often go
27059		Cet appartement plein de charme peut accueillir 6 personnes. Une famille ou 3 couples. Au coeur de Paris, il est à la croisée de République, le Marais, Belleville, Canal St Martin et Bastille. 
27060	A large family flat in a court Yard with a 100 sqm private garden. A very quiet place, with 3 bedrooms, a 50 sqm living room with an american kitchen, a large bathroom and a fire place. There is a Washing machine, a dryer, a dish washer, a microwave oven and a 5 fire cooker. Very easy to reach: 20 meters only from the subway station Alexandre Dumas, RER at 2 subway stations. Disneyland Paris can be reached in 30 mns. Next door, is a bakery, a pharmacy, several restaurants, a supermarket opened until 10p.m, a library with english books and a sport club. The Père Lachaise cimetery is only 5 mns walking!  Bus 76, just in front of the door, brings you to Bastille in 10mns and to the Louvre museum in 20mns. There is a table and several chairs in the garden, that enable to have lunch or dîner outside.	A large family flat in a court Yard with a 100 sqm private garden. A very quiet place, with 3 bedrooms, a 50 sqm living room with an american kitchen, a large bathroom and a fire place. There is a Washing machine, a dryer, a dish washer, a microwave oven and a 5 fire cooker. Very easy to reach: 20 meters only from the subway station Alexandre Dumas, RER at 2 subway stations. Disneyland Paris can be reached in 30 mns. Next door, is a bakery, a pharmacy, several restaurants, a supermarket opened until 10p.m, a library with english books and a sport club. The Père Lachaise cimetery is only 5 mns walking!  Bus 76, just in front of the door, brings you to Bastille in 10mns and to the Louvre museum in 20mns. There is a table and several chairs in the garden, that enable to have lunch or dîner outside.
27061	"Studio idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris. Dans un quartier branché et très vivant, l'appartement est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. Lumineux, situé au troisième étage d'un petit immeuble,il donne sur une rue très calme. Les commerces sont à proximités, tout les mardi et vendredi matin,le marché s'installe au bout de la rue! A deux pas du cirque d'hiver et du ""bas marais"" avec les nombreuses boutiques branchées,ces galeries d'art d'avant garde,ces cantines bio,bar a cocktail,show room et jeune créateur et du concept store""merci"" au marché des enfants rouge,vous pouvez satisfaire toute vos envie! "	"Studio idéalement situé dans le centre de Paris. Dans un quartier branché et très vivant, l'appartement est idéal pour un couple ou une personne seule. Lumineux, situé au troisième étage d'un petit immeuble,il donne sur une rue très calme. Les commerces sont à proximités, tout les mardi et vendredi matin,le marché s'installe au bout de la rue! A deux pas du cirque d'hiver et du ""bas marais"" avec les nombreuses boutiques branchées,ces galeries d'art d'avant garde,ces cantines bio,bar a cocktail,show room et jeune créateur et du concept store""merci"" au marché des enfants rouge,vous pouvez satisfaire toute vos envie! En metro : Oberkampf    L 9,5                   Fille du calvaire L 8                   République L 3,9,11,5 En bus : 20,96,65 A pied ( 5 à 15 min) : Place de la république, Bastille, marais, canal saint Martin, place des Vosges. Velib / autolib : en bas de la maison!"
27062		Chambre privée, au cœur de Paris dans un appartement situé rue Oberkampf. Logement idéal pour deux personnes (+1 possible).  Cuisine équipée, chambre calme, idéal pour séjourner quelques jours à Paris.  Accès Internet WIFI.  Metros : Oberkampf/Parmentier/Republique. -Salle de Bain -Wifi -Cuisine Équipée  -Salon Je serais présent lors de votre séjour, mais vous serez en totale indépendance dans votre chambre. Les Bars, rue Oberkampf, rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud. Quartier animé, rue commerçante.  Proximité avec les transports en commun. Logement au centre de Paris. Métros :  Ligne 9 : OBERKAMPF Ligne 3 : PARMENTIER Ligne 5 : OBERKAMPF Ligne 8 : FILLES DU CALVAIRE.  Bus : 96 : Oberkampf/Richard Lenoir
27063	Located in the west of Paris, this adorable appartment is the perfect way to enjoy This city in a relaxing yet trendy environment. It s a studio on the 5th floor without elevator, very bright and quiet in a very pleasant area. Included: - wi-fi and computer - flat screen tv With international channels, DVD  - iPod station - queen size bed - convertible sofa - electric heating - washer dryer - micro-Waves - electric oven, ventilators  - little fridge, - nespresso machine and kettle - towels provided - hairdryer 	Studio 27m2, 5th floor without elevator, very peaceful and well ubicated (near RER A, métros 1,2,6&9), natural light With 2 Windows,full equiped kitchen (microwave,etc),computer and wi-fi, washer dryer, one bed for 2 and a convertible sofa. Separated Bathroom... You Will feel at Home :-)
27064		Belle chambre avec cheminée dans un appartement typiquement parisien situé en face du cimetière du Père Lachaise à deux pas de Bastille. Nice room, typically parisian, located near the Père Lachaise cemetery and a stone's throw from Bastille.
27065	Appartement dans bel immeuble sécurisé. Donne sur jardin (email hidden)lme.	Je loue une chambre double avec salle de bains à partager dans un grand appartement avec terrasse et balcon. Bien placé. Proche toutes commodités.3mn du métro.Possibilité de faire la cuisine. Appartement dans bel immeuble sécurisé. Donne sur jardin (email hidden)lme. En plus de la chambre , vous avez accès au salon, télévision, wifi, cuisine,salle de bains. Je peux vous aider pour vous donner des bonnes adresses de shopping et musées et expos à visiter.Conseils sur la vie culturelles à Paris Le quartier Oberkampf est un quartier vivant et trendy, avec beaucoup de petits bars et restaurant sympas. Le métro est à 3 (website hidden) St Lazare, grands magasins, Opéra.
27066	La camera è situata in un appartamento di 75mq composto da un ingresso, un ampio salone, cucina abitabile completamente attrezzata ( forno, lavastoviglie, fornelli a gas e frigorifero), sala da bagno con lavatrice e wc separato. L'appartamento si trova al quarto piano (senza ascensore) del palazzo più tipico della strada, la posizione offre una magnifica vista sui tetti di Parigi, ed è strategica per la sua vicinanza da un lato al Canal-Saint Martin, dall'altro al Marais, due dei più tipici e splendidi luoghi di Parigi. Perfetta per un soggiorno estivo.	Ampia camera privata di circa 15mq collocata in un appartamento di 75mq da condividere con la mia coinquilina, a due passi dalla metro Richard Lenoir, tra il Canal Saint-Martin e il Marais. La camera è situata in un appartamento di 75mq composto da un ingresso, un ampio salone, cucina abitabile completamente attrezzata ( forno, lavastoviglie, fornelli a gas e frigorifero), sala da bagno con lavatrice e wc separato. L'appartamento si trova al quarto piano (senza ascensore) del palazzo più tipico della strada, la posizione offre una magnifica vista sui tetti di Parigi, ed è strategica per la sua vicinanza da un lato al Canal-Saint Martin, dall'altro al Marais, due dei più tipici e splendidi luoghi di Parigi. Perfetta per un soggiorno estivo. Metro Richard Lenoir ( 5 ) , Saint-Ambroise ( 9 ) e Saint-Sébastien Froissart ( 8 )
27067	This nice apartment of 73 m², situated at the first floor ( without elevator ) of a typical building of paris is welcoming 6 people. It is a perfect apartment for your Professional travel but even for your Holiday with family or friends.  You will have two bedrooms with doubles beds, one with TV. One living room with TV and sofa bed ( for 2 ). 2 Kitchen full equiped with microwave, washing machine, dishwasher.  2 bedrooms with showers and rest rooms. Towels and bed linen are included  WIFI available. In front of the metro Bastille. On the square Place de la Bastille. Near the famous area Le Marais where you can find lot of shops, restaurants, and cultural monuments. M1 - M8 - M5 : Bastille	This nice apartment of 73 m², situated at the first floor ( without elevator ) of a typical building of paris is welcoming 6 people. This nice apartment of 73 m², situated at the first floor ( without elevator ) of a typical building of paris is welcoming 6 people. It is a perfect apartment for your Professional travel but even for your Holiday with family or friends.  You will have two bedrooms with doubles beds, one with TV. One living room with TV and sofa bed ( for 2 ). 2 Kitchen full equiped with microwave, washing machine, dishwasher.  2 bedrooms with showers and rest rooms. Towels and bed linen are included  WIFI available. In front of the metro Bastille. On the square Place de la Bastille. Near the famous area Le Marais where you can find lot of shops, restaurants, and cultural monuments. M1 - M8 - M5 : Bastille
27068	The 32m2 apartment consists of a bright living room with a convertible sofa-bed and plenty of storage space.  The fully equipped kitchen had a washing machine, a microwave, a fridge, toaster, kettle etc.    The bright bedroom has a comfy double bed and enoigh storage space to accomodate all travellers.  The bathroom has a brand new shower and the toilet is in a separate room.  Located on the 6th floor with elevator, which makes it especially bright, it can accommodate up to 4 people comfortably.	Charming and renovated 2 room flat ideal to accomodate up to 4 people. Close to several subway lines, you can access in just a few minutes the major touristic sites of the capital while enjoying a typically Parisian neighborhood life. The 32m2 apartment consists of a bright living room with a convertible sofa-bed and plenty of storage space.  The fully equipped kitchen had a washing machine, a microwave, a fridge, toaster, kettle etc.    The bright bedroom has a comfy double bed and enoigh storage space to accomodate all travellers.  The bathroom has a brand new shower and the toilet is in a separate room.  Located on the 6th floor with elevator, which makes it especially bright, it can accommodate up to 4 people comfortably. The accommodation is just for you for the duration of your stay.  You will have access to unlimited Wi-Fi. Happy to chat with you and share tips upon arrival, I remain available for questions throughout your stay. The area full of very nice cafes, bars and restaur
27069	The flat is on the last floor with a very bright living room and an opened lovely view. Decorated in a vintage style with some authentic red hexagonal floor tiles, you will appreciate a warm and welcoming atmosphere.	Charming bright vintage flat with a lovely view. Possibility to sleep in the converible sofa in the living room. Between Belleville and Republique, and very close to metros, one of the most animated area to live. Very welcoming energy ! The flat is on the last floor with a very bright living room and an opened lovely view. Decorated in a vintage style with some authentic red hexagonal floor tiles, you will appreciate a warm and welcoming atmosphere. Close to a variety of very nice and animated areas, the mythic popular and artistic Belleville, the very lively night life Oberkampf, the trendy and charming Saint Martin canal. Only 10 minutes to walk to the more central place de la République. 5 minutes walking to Belleville metro station on the line n°2 or Goncourt metro station on the line n°10.
27070	A large living space with 2 sofa beds, a well equipped kitchen to enjoy cooking, a nice italian style shower as well as a convenient walk in dressing. All within a quiet cocoon with typical parisian charm of the exposed beams and studs	Lovely 36 Sqm studio perfectly located in Oberkampf / JP Timbaud bustling district, 500m from Republic & famous Saint Martin Canal. Its large living room welcomes up to 4 people who will enjoy large US kitchen, Italian style shower & walk in dressing A large living space with 2 sofa beds, a well equipped kitchen to enjoy cooking, a nice italian style shower as well as a convenient walk in dressing. All within a quiet cocoon with typical parisian charm of the exposed beams and studs Internet and wifi connection. You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether he will be present or not. Perfectly situated at the crossroads of very lively neighborhoods, Oberkampf, Republique, Bastille, it offers a great starting point for ballads at touristic Pere Lachaise cemetery or along the Canal Saint Martin. Very well de
27071	Vous trouverez dans ce logement toute la sérénité et la fonctionnalité après avoir passé la journée a arpentait la capitale.	A coté de la grande place de Nation(Metro à 50 m) dans le centre de Paris , là où le  vivant 11e et le calme 12e rencontrent le populaire  20e arrondissement. Appartement de 45 m2 entierement équipé,très fonctionnel et personalisé avec gout. Vous trouverez dans ce logement toute la sérénité et la fonctionnalité après avoir passé la journée a arpentait la capitale. Metro ligne 2-6-9-1
27072	"Pretty T3 of 40 m2 to 30 seconds of the subway exit ""Père Lachaise"" which includes: - 1 bedroom of 15m2 with 1 beds available - Living room with a sofa that can possibly provide a second bed, a TV and free internet - A kitchen with large refrigerator, stove, microwave oven multifunction - A bathroom with shower - Separate toilet A 10-minute walk from Oberkampf, the Place de la Republique and Bastille."	"Pretty T3 of 40 m2 to 30 seconds of the subway exit ""Père Lachaise"" which includes: - 1 bedroom of 15m2 with 1 beds available - Living room with a sofa that can possibly provide a second bed, a TV and free internet - A kitchen with large refrigerator, stove, microwave oven multifunction - A bathroom with shower - Separate toilet A 10-minute walk from Oberkampf, the Place de la Republique and Bastille."
27073	Appartement de type haussmannien, au 3ème étage, donnant sur le boulevard. 2 chambres (1 lit deux places, 1 lit une place) + un BZ pour 2 personnes dans le salon.	Appartement 2 chambres, salle à manger, cuisine équipée, salle de bains, Internet + téléphone fixe. Quartier de Paris très agréable, transports à proximité (métro, RER, bus). Accès direct aux principaux monuments parisiens. Appartement de type haussmannien, au 3ème étage, donnant sur le boulevard. 2 chambres (1 lit deux places, 1 lit une place) + un BZ pour 2 personnes dans le salon. Accès à tout l'appartement. En cas de besoin, possibilité de me contacter. Tous commerces (boulangerie, épicerie, supermarché, boucherie, restaurants...). Quartier agréable et calme. Accès direct à l'aéroport par le bus 351 (Roissy - Paris Nation) 4 lignes de métro donnant accès direct au Musée du Louvre, Montmartre, Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse... + 1 ligne de RER donnant accès direct à Disneyland, Champs-Élysées... + lignes de bus (accès au Château de Vincennes en 10 mn). Télévision : accès aux chaînes étrangères Téléphone : appels illimités vers les fixes de 60 pays.
27074		Beau studio de 25 m2 au 4eme étage d'une résidence sécurisée et calme. Meublé exposé sud sans vis-à-vis disposant d'un coin cuisine et d'une salle d'eau. A proximité de commerces et transports. 
27075		Bonjour, voici une petite chambre avec vue côté cour donc très calme. Petite douche et wc séparé. Salon+cuisine à partager avec l'autre colocataire! Je précise qu'il s'agit d'une chambre déjà occupée, mais libre pour les vacances. Accès à tout l'appartement. L'autre chambre est celle de la colocatrice. Je ne serai pas sur place mais totalement disponible pour quelconque information, en tout cas lors de votre arrivée! L'appartement est très bien situé tant au niveau des transports que des commerces à proximité: 3 supermarchés à 5 min! Restaurant indiens, japonais, traiteur chinois et beaucoup d'autres boutiques à découvrir. Laverie à 4 minutes. Proche Bastille et Oberkampf pour la vie nocturne. à 3 min à pied: 1 ligne de métro, 5 lignes de bus. 15 min pour aller au centre même de Paris; ou à pied, le parcours pédestre est aussi un bon choix en passant par les micro quartiers. C'est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Mais ce petit sport est bon pour le coeur. Entrée sur boulevard, mais vue su
27076		Studio de 20m2 situé à 2minutes à pied de la rue Oberkampf.  Très bien situé.  Studio en RDC avec porte blindée et volets.   Grande pièce de 17m2 avec coin cuisine équipé d'une plaque de cuisson et d'un coin salon équipé d'un grand canapé lit et d'une télévision écran plat.  Salle de douche avec lavabo et WC.  Le studio est refait à neuf. Connexion internet en illimité et accès aux chaînes Free Identifiant et code de connexion internet remis à l'arrivée. Quartier Oberkampf dans le 11 ième arrondissement de Paris entre le cimetière du Père Lachaise (à 400 mètres à pied) et la place de la République (à 10 minutes à pied ou 3 minutes en métro). Quartier très vivant et populaire. Appartement situé en face de bar/restaurant La fine Mousse, bar connu et très populaire à Paris. Appartement situé à 2 minutes à pied de la station de métro Saint-Maur (Ligne 3), direct stations : République, Saint-Lazare, etc. Appartement situé à 5 minutes à pied de la station de métro Ménilmontant (Ligne 2), dir
27077	L'appartement parisien de votre hôte a été décoré par ses soins, avec des objets rapportés de voyage ce qui le rend très personnel, chaleureux et unique. Il bénéficie d'un calme exceptionnel. Il y a du parquet dans toutes les pièces, excepté dans la cuisine qui a gardé son carrelage d'origine et dans la salle de bain.	Très bel appartement de 100 m2, situé dans un immeuble typiquement parisien, au cœur de la ville et d'un quartier vivant, cosmopolite et branché ! Très confortable, très CALME et lumineux: Grand séjour (double living 35 m2), 3 chambres, tout équipé....Un Petit Paradis Parisien! L'appartement parisien de votre hôte a été décoré par ses soins, avec des objets rapportés de voyage ce qui le rend très personnel, chaleureux et unique. Il bénéficie d'un calme exceptionnel. Il y a du parquet dans toutes les pièces, excepté dans la cuisine qui a gardé son carrelage d'origine et dans la salle de bain. L'immeuble dispose d'un ascenseur et l 'appartement est situé au 5ème étage. Un accueil vous sera toujours réservé. Vous aurez un numéro d'assistance ainsi que des boissons fraîches à votre arrivée. Cet appartement se situe dans un quartier très sympathique et vivant avec une vraie vie parisienne (esprit village), très central et bien desservi, ce qui permet de se déplacer partout très facilement. 
27078		Completely refurbished my apartment to create a modern, cosy & warm place. Main room is the open kitchen since I love cooking and hosting friends. Neighbourhood is the best for food shopping, bars, restaurants & access. Upper Marais only 15min walk. Master bedroom Bathroom Kitchen, living room From August 11th to 25th, please have a look to the following link https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6975489 since it's 120 euros per night (absence of the other tenant, you can fully enjoy the space - except his bedroom). I am always available by email and phone but be careful I live in New York with 6 hours time difference (10am in New York is 4pm in France). But I will be in France and UK until July 22nd, 2015... My best friend will be available to give you the key. METRO Parmentier (line 3) is 30 seconds away Oberkampf (line 5 and 9) is 5 minutes away BUS 96 from/to St Paul, Hotel de Ville, St Michel, Odeon, Saint Sulpice, Saint Placide, Rennes, Montparnasse 48 to Gare de Lyon EASY ACCESS to/from 
27079	Bonjour et bienvenu(es)!  Nous mettons à disposition une chambre avec lit double dans un appartement sympathique très proche du métro Père Lachaise (ligne 2 et 3).  Le salon, la cuisine et la salle de bains sont partagés. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour toute information sur les lieux à visiter à Paris. N'hésitez pas à demander !  A bientôt,  Jonas & Adrien ---  Nice, calm and cosy room in a shared flat (11th arrond), close from Père Lachaise and from the subway station (subways 2 and 3). You will find everything what you need (kitchen, shower, wifi...). This flat is perfect for travelling on its own.  	Chambre privée dans collocation calme et lumineuse. Appartement très bien placé à côté du cimetière Père Lachaise (XIème). Proximité de commerces (boulangerie,boucherie,supermarché), du métro (lignes 2 et 3) et de vélos de la ville. See you soon ! Bonjour et bienvenu(es)!  Nous mettons à disposition une chambre avec lit double dans un appartement sympathique très proche du métro Père Lachaise (ligne 2 et 3).  Le salon, la cuisine et la salle de bains sont partagés. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour toute information sur les lieux à visiter à Paris. N'hésitez pas à demander !  A bientôt,  Jonas & Adrien ---  Nice, calm and cosy room in a shared flat (11th arrond), close from Père Lachaise and from the subway station (subways 2 and 3). You will find everything what you need (kitchen, shower, wifi...). This flat is perfect for travelling on its own. Nous sommes deux amis en colocation, et laissons chacun notre chambre lorsque nous nous absentons. Nous sommes tous les deux grands voyage
27080	ocated in the triangle Nation-Bastille-République, the Boulevard Voltaire, this fully renovated apartment is quiet and sunny with a lovely sunny garden terrace overlooking a courtyard. It is close to all amenities including pharmacy, bakery, supermarket ... and many cafes and restaurants, and just before the entrance to the metro line 9 serving Galeries Lafayette, the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées and Parc des Prince	Located in the triangle Nation-Bastille-République, the Boulevard Voltaire, this fully renovated apartment is quiet and sunny with a lovely sunny garden terrace overlooking a courtyard. It is close to everything ocated in the triangle Nation-Bastille-République, the Boulevard Voltaire, this fully renovated apartment is quiet and sunny with a lovely sunny garden terrace overlooking a courtyard. It is close to all amenities including pharmacy, bakery, supermarket ... and many cafes and restaurants, and just before the entrance to the metro line 9 serving Galeries Lafayette, the Opera Garnier, the Champs Elysées and Parc des Prince All the apartment is for you In the heart of the 11th district and close to all amenities, this apartment is perfect for a family with two children. BUS - Metro - RER - Aéroport - Gare 
27081	Perché au 6 eme étage avec ascenceur, l'appartement est très calme et baigné de lumière.  	 Nice flat  just a step from the cemetery of Pére Lachaise, seen on roofs. Very quiet in 6th floor with elevator.
27082	Apartment is located in the loveliest arondissement of Paris and place is both charming, clean and romantic.	Beautiful and charming apartment in the 11th. Lovely quiet quarter of Paris within walking distance to different metro lines (1, 8, 9) closest being Faidherbe-Chaligny. Also suitable to host guests as there is a large living space and kitchen. Apartment is located in the loveliest arondissement of Paris and place is both charming, clean and romantic. Guests will also have access to two bicycles should the need arise. What better way to transport yourself than in the green way? I will be available for any questions and such. I also speak English. The 11th arondissement is the loveliest of them all in Paris. For food and wine lovers out there you are within walking distance to some of the best restaurants in Paris at the moment. It is also very close to Bastille, Canal Saint Martin and Le Marais. Located very close to Metro lines (1, 8, 9) and Gare de Lyon. 
27083	 Le studio est idéal pour un couple ou deux personnes, mais peut accueillir aussi 3 personnes (sur le futon convertible). La couverture, les draps, les serviettes sont fournies.  Une pièce, très ensoleillée (grande fenêtre orientée vers le sud), au 4eme étage, donc calme. Le studio est situé dans le 11eme arrondissement, sur la rue Saint Maur, à deux pas de République et Bastille, dans un immeuble des années 70, avec un ascenseur. Très proche de l’appart vous trouverez : des supermarchés (Monop, Lidl et Simply), une pharmacie, une laverie, boulangerie. Il   La pièce principale contient: un canapé  clic- clac (qui peut se déplier et peut accueillir 2 personnes), une grande table en verre, 4 chaises, une bibliothèque, un futon convertible (pour 1 personne), un fauteuil, une chaine radio. L’entré : un grand placard, disponible pour vos valises, bagages et chaussures. La cuisine est séparée par une porte pliable, toute équipée : four, micro-ondes, grand frigo avec congélateur, machine à ca	 Le studio est idéal pour un couple ou deux personnes, mais peut accueillir aussi 3 personnes (sur le futon convertible). La couverture, les draps, les serviettes sont fournies.  Une pièce, très ensoleillée (grande fenêtre orientée vers le sud), au 4eme étage, donc calme. Le studio est situé dans le 11eme arrondissement, sur la rue Saint Maur, à deux pas de République et Bastille, dans un immeuble des années 70, avec un ascenseur. Très proche de l’appart vous trouverez : des supermarchés (Monop, Lidl et Simply), une pharmacie, une laverie, boulangerie. Il   La pièce principale contient: un canapé  clic- clac (qui peut se déplier et peut accueillir 2 personnes), une grande table en verre, 4 chaises, une bibliothèque, un futon convertible (pour 1 personne), un fauteuil, une chaine radio. L’entré : un grand placard, disponible pour vos valises, bagages et chaussures. La cuisine est séparée par une porte pliable, toute équipée : four, micro-ondes, grand frigo avec congélateur, machine à ca
27084	Charming and atypical 110 sq. meters duplex apartment with exposed beams incl. a parental suite with a home cinema, a smaller room with queen size bed and a 3rd room for children + a bathroom with a beautiful aquarium and his goldfish!	"Welcome to my atypical duplex M Bastille/Ledru Rollin in a quite passage near parisian bars, restaurants and art galleries, with a great open living room + 3 bedrooms upstairs incl. parental suite as well as a beautiful bathroom with a goldfish.  Charming and atypical 110 sq. meters duplex apartment with exposed beams incl. a parental suite with a home cinema, a smaller room with queen size bed and a 3rd room for children + a bathroom with a beautiful aquarium and his goldfish! To make sure my guests will enjoy their journey for the best, I'll make sure I - and/or my neighbor - will always stay around and available in case anything happen. The neighborhood got his reputation of being the ""small Marais of Bastille"" due to the concentration of small cafés, restaurants, clothing stores and art galleries, reflecting its unique and intimate atmosphere. I'd recommend the ""Pause Café"" down the apartment, known for its delicious breakfasts and famous for being seen in a lot of french movies. T"
27085	This cosy apartment, located in a quiet one-way street, is ideally located and offers a great compromise  for a memorable time in Paris. Lively and active neighborhood in just a few minutes walk, Goncourt, Parmentier, Oberkampf, Republique, the great multicultural Belleville, and last but not least the Canal St Martin just next door and its active day and night life (many bars, restaurants, trendy shops and grocery stores)...  The perfect solution to mix touristy sightseeing and embrace the local parisian life :) See you soon!	This cosy, luminous apartment, ideally located in a nice, lively neighborhood, offers a great compromise  for a memorable time in Paris.  Next door from Canal st Martin, you can reach numerous points of interest in less than 20 minutes metro This cosy apartment, located in a quiet one-way street, is ideally located and offers a great compromise  for a memorable time in Paris. Lively and active neighborhood in just a few minutes walk, Goncourt, Parmentier, Oberkampf, Republique, the great multicultural Belleville, and last but not least the Canal St Martin just next door and its active day and night life (many bars, restaurants, trendy shops and grocery stores)...  The perfect solution to mix touristy sightseeing and embrace the local parisian life :) See you soon! Located on the 4th floor, the apartment is luminous (provided Parisian sun available...) The bedroom has a comfortable and brand new double bed, and the sofa in the living room can be converted into a second double bed. The b
27086	"Flat with 2 rooms.  One of those 2 rooms (for 1 to 2 people) is for rent. I offer an apartment with one big private rooms of 12m ² in a typical Parisian building.  The flat has 1 bathroom with bath, kitchen with stove with all necessary utensils, separate wc, small balcony in a room with sun until about 14h which allows for pleasant lunches! A 5-minute walk from Place de la Bastille Near the Marais, Louvre, Pere Lachaise, Chatelet. Shops:  5 minutes shops and a Dia, Monoprix, Picard, mc donalds Line 8 stop: Ledru Rollin (closest)  Line 1 stop: Bastille 7 minutes walk  Lots of restaurants (French gastro, sushi ...), bars around Market of Aligre almost every day for vegetables / fruits. The walk ""The Coulée verte"" is close to going for a run, walk. It is a walk that leads to the park of Vincennes. NOTE: We do not provide towels or sheets. "	"Balcony Close to tourist area Many bars and restaurants Small French food shops nearby Many shops and markets around  Flat with 2 rooms.  One of those 2 rooms (for 1 to 2 people) is for rent. I offer an apartment with one big private rooms of 12m ² in a typical Parisian building.  The flat has 1 bathroom with bath, kitchen with stove with all necessary utensils, separate wc, small balcony in a room with sun until about 14h which allows for pleasant lunches! A 5-minute walk from Place de la Bastille Near the Marais, Louvre, Pere Lachaise, Chatelet. Shops:  5 minutes shops and a Dia, Monoprix, Picard, mc donalds Line 8 stop: Ledru Rollin (closest)  Line 1 stop: Bastille 7 minutes walk  Lots of restaurants (French gastro, sushi ...), bars around Market of Aligre almost every day for vegetables / fruits. The walk ""The Coulée verte"" is close to going for a run, walk. It is a walk that leads to the park of Vincennes. NOTE: We do not provide towels or sheets. Line 8 stop: Ledru Rollin (closes"
27087	Spacious and charming, this apartment can accommodate 4 people comfortably, and comes fully furnished with nice bathroom and all the accommodations (washing machine, internet WI-FI, radio, dvd , and TV 16/9).   In the main bedroom there is a large size bed (new furniture) (63  × 80 inches ;160 cm × 203 cm) There are two single beds (90 cm × 200 cm ; 35 inches × 79 inches) (new furniture) in a part of the large living room  The bathroom consisting of a large shower room,  sink and toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, etc. We provide clean sheets and towels, city maps, guidebooks .  The apartment is on the ground floor in the plant filled courtyard of an historic building. The main door into the building has a security code, and there is a second door to access to the courtyard 	Center of Paris, the apartment is quiet and a super base from which to visit Paris . 1 sleeping room  large bed for 2), Large living room (2 single beds + sofa), kitchen, nice bathroom. Near Place des Vosges, museums, restaurants, bars, supermarket Spacious and charming, this apartment can accommodate 4 people comfortably, and comes fully furnished with nice bathroom and all the accommodations (washing machine, internet WI-FI, radio, dvd , and TV 16/9).   In the main bedroom there is a large size bed (new furniture) (63  × 80 inches ;160 cm × 203 cm) There are two single beds (90 cm × 200 cm ; 35 inches × 79 inches) (new furniture) in a part of the large living room  The bathroom consisting of a large shower room,  sink and toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, oven, microwave, toaster, etc. We provide clean sheets and towels, city maps, guidebooks .  The apartment is on the ground floor in the plant filled courtyard of an historic building. The main door into the buildi
27088		Chambre privée dans un appartement 3 pièces. Calme et friendly. A deux pas du métro ménilmontant et Père Lachaise.
27089	The price is cheaper than usual prices because it's the first time I rent my room, I'd like to give a try and make it competitive. Metro 9 is just downstairs of the appartment, very practical.	A private room with a small double bed will be available for 24 days. You will share kitchen, bathroom and living room with my roomate. Basic facilities like frige, washing machine, stove, etc. are available. The price is cheaper than usual prices because it's the first time I rent my room, I'd like to give a try and make it competitive. Metro 9 is just downstairs of the appartment, very practical. The appartment is close to Bastille and République. With metro you can easilly reach most places in Paris. During these days I will be in vocation abroad. You will live with my flatmate who is a very nice French girl. You share bathroom, kitchen and living room with her. Basic facilities such as washing machine, frige, stove, etc. are available to you. Small things such as dishes and cups can also be offered durng your stay. This area is pratical for living, you can also reach the center of Paris and interesting places easily with metro. When you come back home late during night, the metro i
27090	Charming 18 square meter studio I renovated myself. Only 1 minute away from metro Voltaire (L9), 10 minutes walks from Marais, Père, Lachaise, République and Bastille. Super fonctional equipment and fresh colors. 150 cm bed (for two). Kitchen: induction, dishwasher, high quality, sink, lots of tools, room for cooking. One desk, one kitchen table, two chairs. Bathroom: one shower in its case, one washbasin, toilets, one towel heater. 2e floor on a courtyard. Sunny.  Wifi. Lots of cool restaurants, bars and shops in the (website hidden): I live there so booking for more than a month is not possible normally Charmant studio refait à neuf de 18 mètres carrés à 1 minute du métro Voltaire. Equipement ultra fonctionnel et couleurs fraîches. Plaques à induction. Lave vaisselle. Lit deux places. Etagères. Chauffe serviettes dans la salle de bain. A 10 minutes de marche du marais/ du cimetière du père Lachaise/ de la place de la bastille. 20 minutes du canal St martin. 2ème sur cour étage sans a	Charming 18 square meter studio I renovated myself. Only 1 minute away from metro Voltaire (L9), 10 minutes walks from Marais, Père, Lachaise, République and Bastille. Super fonctional equipment and fresh colors. 150 cm bed (for two). Kitchen: induction, dishwasher, high quality, sink, lots of tools, room for cooking. One desk, one kitchen table, two chairs. Bathroom: one shower in its case, one washbasin, toilets, one towel heater. 2e floor on a courtyard. Sunny.  Wifi. Lots of cool restaurants, bars and shops in the (website hidden): I live there so booking for more than a month is not possible normally Charmant studio refait à neuf de 18 mètres carrés à 1 minute du métro Voltaire. Equipement ultra fonctionnel et couleurs fraîches. Plaques à induction. Lave vaisselle. Lit deux places. Etagères. Chauffe serviettes dans la salle de bain. A 10 minutes de marche du marais/ du cimetière du père Lachaise/ de la place de la bastille. 20 minutes du canal St martin. 2ème sur cour étage sans a
27091	I rent my joly  studio located in the eleventh district of Paris, a quiet place on the day and lively at night, located in the heart of Paris. The studio is modern, bright and fully at your disposal. It consists of an entrance, a kitchen, a living room and a bathroom and toilet. The apartment is located 2 minutes walk from: - Pere-Lachaise - Animated Belleville neighborhoods or Oberkampf. It is close to many public transport: - subway line 2 to reach every part of Paris. - A Velib Station and Auto-lib in front of appartment The location is also ideal to stroll on foot or by bike in Paris. The apartment is clean, well equipped (, refrigerator, dishes, internet, linens etc ...) and comfortable with a bed and sofa bed. Bed linen and towels are provided upon arrival. If you like contemporary art and more then you will love the original and personal decor. 	The studio is modern&bright with a big balcony to enjoy your morning coffee and tartines from the best bakery around the corner.Located within a walking distance to Bastille/Menilmontant/Belleville-historical areas full of artistic charm
27092	Boulevard Voltaire, at the heart of the Nation/Rue des boulets neighborhood, this studio is both comfy and practical. On the 4th floor with an elevator, the place is very quiet and overlooks a courtyard. When you arrive, you will find a Queen Size Bed with a big duvet, a cupboard for your clothing, and an open kitchen with an oven, a fridge, an electric hob and kitchenware.  In the bathroom, a shower and a cupboard, as well as a hairdryer. Fresh Sheets and towels will be included.  You'll also be able to use the TV and WiFi. I will also leave my guitar and several instruments! The apartment has a lot of light and privacy. On the Boulevard Voltaire, a the heart of a lively neighborhood, you'll be close to any shop you need, including a muscial shop and a kosher supermarket. A short walk will get you to the biggest fruits and vegetables market in Paris, Aligre, or to the Rue d'Oberkampf, where you can find many bars and restaurants. Not far, you can shop  at Bastille or in the Marais, an	Boulevard Voltaire, at the heart of the Nation/Rue des boulets neighborhood, this studio is both comfy and practical. On the 4th floor with an elevator, the place is very quiet and overlooks a courtyard. When you arrive, you will find a Queen Size Bed with a big duvet, a cupboard for your clothing, and an open kitchen with an oven, a fridge, an electric hob and kitchenware.  In the bathroom, a shower and a cupboard, as well as a hairdryer. Fresh Sheets and towels will be included.  You'll also be able to use the TV and WiFi. I will also leave my guitar and several instruments! The apartment has a lot of light and privacy. On the Boulevard Voltaire, a the heart of a lively neighborhood, you'll be close to any shop you need, including a muscial shop and a kosher supermarket. A short walk will get you to the biggest fruits and vegetables market in Paris, Aligre, or to the Rue d'Oberkampf, where you can find many bars and restaurants. Not far, you can shop  at Bastille or in the Marais, an
27093	A nice and cozy apartment in the eleventh arrondissement, close to two metro : Rue St Maur (line 3 ) & Ménilmontant (line 2) . It is at the top of Rue Oberkampf Street increasingly filled with side bars, trendy pubs , restaurant and concert hall. Functional 33m2 with a real bathroom with bathtub ( a luxury in Paris ) and toilet, separate kitchen with a real gas where bous can concoct good food kitchen equipped with washing machine , separate bedroom with balcony and living room with balcony also can make you enjoy the Parisian air during your breakfast. Well-lit and renovated, the morning sun will warm the room , building very quiet despite the lively weekends Bourgeois- Bohemian . The apartment is located on the 5th floor. Ideal place for a holiday or a weekend in Paris : A room with real bed , a true loft with a very comfortable mattress in the living room and a sofa bed for 2 guests. Terminal Velib is a 1 minute walk in front of fastfood, and two terminals Autolib ' 10 minutes on fo	IDEAL investment ! Practical and modern appartment. Excellent location, close to shops , two subway lines. Quartier very fashionable. Appartment with lots of light . All the Parisian charm in 355.21ft² (33m²) A nice and cozy apartment in the eleventh arrondissement, close to two metro : Rue St Maur (line 3 ) & Ménilmontant (line 2) . It is at the top of Rue Oberkampf Street increasingly filled with side bars, trendy pubs , restaurant and concert hall. Functional 33m2 with a real bathroom with bathtub ( a luxury in Paris ) and toilet, separate kitchen with a real gas where bous can concoct good food kitchen equipped with washing machine , separate bedroom with balcony and living room with balcony also can make you enjoy the Parisian air during your breakfast. Well-lit and renovated, the morning sun will warm the room , building very quiet despite the lively weekends Bourgeois- Bohemian . The apartment is located on the 5th floor. Ideal place for a holiday or a weekend in Paris : A room 
27094	My apartment has a living room, a little dining room and a very comfortable sofa bed (double bed), a pleasant double bedroom, a fully equiped kitchen and a small bathroom with toilets. It is bright, on the 5th floor (with an elevator). The apartment is also really quiet because it's between 2 courtyards. There is a Wi-Fi internet access and a television with cable. It is next to the subway stations Voltaire and St Ambroise (line 9), Rue St Maure (line 3). The central localisation is perfect to discover Paris. About the district, there is a supermarket and a public garden close by. The district is very animated, there are numerous restaurants and bars to go out. This apartment is great to enjoy the real parisian way of life while staying at a peaceful place!Sheets and towels are provided.	My apartment has a living room, a little dining room and a very comfortable sofa bed (double bed), a pleasant double bedroom, a fully equiped kitchen and a small bathroom with toilets. It is bright, on the 5th floor (with an elevator). The apartment is also really quiet because it's between 2 courtyards. There is a Wi-Fi internet access and a television with cable. It is next to the subway stations Voltaire and St Ambroise (line 9), Rue St Maure (line 3). The central localisation is perfect to discover Paris. About the district, there is a supermarket and a public garden close by. The district is very animated, there are numerous restaurants and bars to go out. This apartment is great to enjoy the real parisian way of life while staying at a peaceful place!Sheets and towels are provided. Travelers have access to all the apartment. There is an elevator. Located between Bastille (12th district) and Oberkampf (11th district), the flat's surroundings are very pleasant. You have access to l
27095	LOCATION A LA SEMAINE, DU SAMEDI AU SAMEDI.  Le luxe d'une maison en plein Paris !... Le privilège d'un calme absolu au coeur de la ville ... Tout au fond d'une cour typique du 11ème arrondissement, à 100m de la rue et en coeur d'ilot, notre maison jouit d'un calme rare au coeur de Paris. Notre maison est un ancien atelier entièrement réhabilité et très confortablement aménagé : Séjour avec cuisine ouverte en Rez de chaussée, et les 3 chambres à l'étage. Nous sommes près de la Place de la République, à la limite du Marais et du Canal Saint Martin. Il y a 6 (!) lignes de Métro autour de la Maison ( Lignes 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 ), qui vous permettent d'aller partout dans Paris très facilement. Le quartier est très vivant, et nous sommes entourés de nombreux restaurants, bars et magasins.   Calme incroyable, Maison au charme fou, emplacement très central, transports très faciles : Vous serez bien chez nous !       	LOCATION A LA SEMAINE, DU SAMEDI AU SAMEDI.  Le luxe d'une maison en plein Paris !... Le privilège d'un calme absolu au coeur de la ville ... Tout au fond d'une cour typique du 11ème arrondissement, à 100m de la rue et en coeur d'ilot, notre maison jouit d'un calme rare au coeur de Paris. Notre maison est un ancien atelier entièrement réhabilité et très confortablement aménagé : Séjour avec cuisine ouverte en Rez de chaussée, et les 3 chambres à l'étage. Nous sommes près de la Place de la République, à la limite du Marais et du Canal Saint Martin. Il y a 6 (!) lignes de Métro autour de la Maison ( Lignes 2, 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11 ), qui vous permettent d'aller partout dans Paris très facilement. Le quartier est très vivant, et nous sommes entourés de nombreux restaurants, bars et magasins.   Calme incroyable, Maison au charme fou, emplacement très central, transports très faciles : Vous serez bien chez nous !       
27096		Our cool and cozy one bedroom flat is full of natural light and offers great views with  no direct vis-à-vis. It sleeps two and is situated on a quiet street with easy access to 3 metro lines, grocery stores, excellent restaurants and a small park! You'll have access to the entire flat during your stay... BEDROOM... the drawers are available for you to keep your clothes and other items. SPARE ROOM... the 2 armoires on the right are available for you to keep your clothes and other items. And feel free to set up your laptop on the desk if you wish. BATHROOM... feel free to store your toiletries in the vanity. You'll find fresh towels, shower gel, shampoo and toilet paper at your disposal. KITCHEN... our kitchen is narrow but well equipped with appliances, cook ware, utensils and dishes. Feel free to use it all. You may leave any non-perishable items at the end of your stay for other guests, but please do remove any perishables. HALL CLOSET... this is the only part of the flat that is not
27097	APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 40 square meter apartment with mezzanine is located in the 11th arrondissement, on the 2nd French floor of a late 19th century building and sleeps up to 2 people. This apartment is well decorated with fun, eclectic, colorful choices, high ceilings and wood floors, making it a nice confortable place to come home to after a day on the town. This apartment is equipped with: a Washer/dryer combo, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV and access to everything, including a very lively neighborhood.   BUILDING This clean, simple, late 19th century building is equipped with a security code and high security door.  The building is set off of the lively street, insuring quite once inside. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Parmentier, Couronnes, République  Area: République/ Oberkamph This apartment is located in the stylish and lively area, Oberkampph, near Place de la Republique with short distances to the Bastille, as well as central Paris. The tenant of t	Luminious trendy apartment located in the heart of Oberkamph. APARTMENT INFORMATION This lovely 40 square meter apartment with mezzanine is located in the 11th arrondissement, on the 2nd French floor of a late 19th century building and sleeps up to 2 people. This apartment is well decorated with fun, eclectic, colorful choices, high ceilings and wood floors, making it a nice confortable place to come home to after a day on the town. This apartment is equipped with: a Washer/dryer combo, unlimited high speed Internet access on WiFi, Cable TV and access to everything, including a very lively neighborhood.   BUILDING This clean, simple, late 19th century building is equipped with a security code and high security door.  The building is set off of the lively street, insuring quite once inside. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway: Parmentier, Couronnes, République  Area: République/ Oberkamph This apartment is located in the stylish and lively area, Oberkampph, near Place de la Republique with short distan
27098	Nice and cosy flat in 11ème arrondissement. Very clean, will all confort you will need. It has been renovated this year.	Clean and renovated 24 sq. meter studio in a great neighboorhood which is 11ème arrondissement. Near Bastille, Le Marais, Oberkampf and République you will have many options to take advantage of Paris! Well located to visit the main spots of Paris. Nice and cosy flat in 11ème arrondissement. Very clean, will all confort you will need. It has been renovated this year. It will be my pleasure to help you with your stay in Paris Voltaire station is close to Bastille (500 meters), République. This area is great to go for bars, restaurants but also to visit Paris as the line 9 is really well connected to main spots. 100 meters from Voltaire line 9 subway station
27099	My apartment is in the centre of Paris, close to Bastille, the marais and the oberkampf neighbourhood with a lot of bars and restaurants. Fully equipped kitchen. Linen and towels are provided	Nice studio in a calm street and lively neighbourhood, Oberkampf. Lots of restaurants and centrally located, 10min walk to république, 15 to bastille and the marais. My apartment is in the centre of Paris, close to Bastille, the marais and the oberkampf neighbourhood with a lot of bars and restaurants. Fully equipped kitchen. Linen and towels are provided To all they need while the stay in my apartment. Information about Paris, internet, kitchen equipment and bathroom. How much they would like too. My street is calm and cozy the neighbourhood lively and busy. On sunday's a nice food market close by, 5-10min walk, and nice bars and restaurants around the corner in rue oberkampf. Metro ligne 9, 5 and 3 close. Gare du nord at 5 stops direct, Gare d'austerlitz direct, Gare de lyon one change but only 3 stops.
27100		Beau studio, parquet, moulures au plafond et cheminée rue de la Roquette à 1min à pied de la station M Voltaire. Ce studio typique et très calme offre la possibilité de loger 2 personnes. Profitez de la salle de bain, cuisine et WC séparées.
27101	The appartment is very spacious, we have a well equipped kitchen, a dining area and a living room with couch and TV. The bathroom with a nice bathtube is separated from the toilet. We are doing an awesome brunch every Saturday with fresh food from the market just outside the house! Join if you want :) The location is very close to the old town, it takes 15 min with the bike to Louvre and less then 10 min to lively Oberkampf with the best bars in Paris. But you can find nice bars, cafés and restaurants also within 2-10 minutes of walking. Ask us for recommendations ;)	We offer a bed in our living room with a huge window and a balcony, a paravent makes sure you have some privat space The appartment is very spacious, we have a well equipped kitchen, a dining area and a living room with couch and TV. The bathroom with a nice bathtube is separated from the toilet. We are doing an awesome brunch every Saturday with fresh food from the market just outside the house! Join if you want :) The location is very close to the old town, it takes 15 min with the bike to Louvre and less then 10 min to lively Oberkampf with the best bars in Paris. But you can find nice bars, cafés and restaurants also within 2-10 minutes of walking. Ask us for recommendations ;)
27102	We rent an attractive room for 1 to 2 people. Functional and comfortale at the same time,you can rest there after good day spent in Paris.  In this simple and warm apartment (as we are :), you will also have access to the common rooms : the lounge, the kitchen, and the bathroom, and all the equipment which it has (TV, WIFI, fridge, oven, gas cooker, washing machine). We also provide you with linens and the basic foodstuffs (tea, coffee, chocolate, sugar, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar).	We rent an attractive room for 1 to 2 people. Functional and comfortale at the same time,you can rest there after good day spent in Paris.  In this simple and warm apartment (as we are :), you will also have access to the common rooms : the lounge, the kitchen, and the bathroom, and all the equipment which it has (TV, WIFI, fridge, oven, gas cooker, washing machine). We also provide you with linens and the basic foodstuffs (tea, coffee, chocolate, sugar, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar).
27103	Pour les durées d'une semaine ou plus :      - réservation à l'avance;      - caution exigée;      -  draps fournis.       - disponibilité:               du samedi 16h au samedi 10h. NB : uniquement aux périodes scolaires de           printemps et  d'été.	PARIS 11e - immeuble pdt,  3e/ascenseur, superbe 2p de standing, 35 m2, calme/cour  et sécurisé ,  décoration agréable, équipements complets et de qualité, TV, internet, wifi,  commerces/restaurants à proximité.  Métro, bus, vélolib, autolib à 50 m Pour les durées d'une semaine ou plus :      - réservation à l'avance;      - caution exigée;      -  draps fournis.       - disponibilité:               du samedi 16h au samedi 10h. NB : uniquement aux périodes scolaires de           printemps et  d'été.
27104	"Cute flat on the top of a retro building, in front of the park ""Square Gardette"", windows both room and living room with a nice view on the trees. Really CALM. Really CENTRAL. Really SAFE. you will be close to many restaurants, bars, supermarket and 4 subways ! 40m2. Perfect spot for hollidays as a couple for a romance week, can be also nice for worker travellers and as there is a convertible couch, parents can also bring 1 child (the convertible couch have a maximum confort double bed but i rather prefer using it for one persone adult or 1 child... or at last, two small kids if you ask first) the flat have a large kitchen fully furnished, with a small but openable window. Two electric cooking board, a washing mashine and a drying machine, small oven, table, etc there is a TV and internet too. the bathroom is really small but fuctionnal and the bedroom have a large double bed with luminous view. The only thing who might give you a challenge to reach this warm nest : 5th floor ! Stairs,"	CUTE NEST IN PARIS 11 arrondissement - 2 rooms appartment in open space mode in front of a Green Park : really quite aappartement. A bedroom + a nice living room made with exposed beams and 2 small balcony
27105	Two-bedroom ground garden with terrace and garden in the heart of Paris, near the Place de la Bastille. Charm of tranquility near the Voltaire Metro and Paris buzzing life of the eleventh arrondissement. Spacious accommodation: true bedding in both sleeping areas. Sleeps 4 people. Quiet .... Secure building with elevator. Equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave, etc ...) Bathroom: walk-in shower, washing machine ....) Un échange d'adresses, de bons plans, de convivialité !  The metro is within walking distance (3 minutes), Voltaire Metro (line 9) La place de la Bastille est à dix minutes à pied ! 	Deux-pièces en rez-de-jardin avec terrasse et son jardinet au coeur de Paris, à proximité de la place de la Bastille. Charme de la tranquillité à proximité du métro Voltaire et de la vie bouillonnante parisienne du XIème arrondissement.  Two-bedroom ground garden with terrace and garden in the heart of Paris, near the Place de la Bastille. Charm of tranquility near the Voltaire Metro and Paris buzzing life of the eleventh arrondissement. Spacious accommodation: true bedding in both sleeping areas. Sleeps 4 people. Quiet .... Secure building with elevator. Equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave, etc ...) Bathroom: walk-in shower, washing machine ....) Un échange d'adresses, de bons plans, de convivialité !  The metro is within walking distance (3 minutes), Voltaire Metro (line 9) La place de la Bastille est à dix minutes à pied !  Immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-onde, etc...)  Salle de bain: douche à l'italienne, lave-linge....) Un 
27106	Appartement très agréable grâce à sa luminosité mais aussi à sa terrasse qui est un vrai plus ! La cuisine est tout équipée : four, 3 plaques, grand frigo, cafetière et grille pain. La salle de bain est très agréable par sa taille et par sa grande douche à l'italienne. 	Superbe studio très lumineux et calme de 30m2 avec balcon donnant sur une cour arborée. Le studio se situe à deux stations de métro de bastille (métro Faidherbe-Chaligny) et à 15 minutes à pieds de Bastille Le studio se compose d'un grand espace de vie (une vrai cuisine ouverte toute équipée, un canapé lit, une table, une télévision et une chaine hifi), une grande salle de bain (douche, lavabo, machine à laver et toilette) puis une terrasse très agréable. Appartement très agréable grâce à sa luminosité mais aussi à sa terrasse qui est un vrai plus ! La cuisine est tout équipée : four, 3 plaques, grand frigo, cafetière et grille pain. La salle de bain est très agréable par sa taille et par sa grande douche à l'italienne. Quartier très agréable juste à côté des fameuses terrasses parisiennes. Un super U est à 1 minutes à pieds de l'appartement. Le centre de Bastille est à 2 minutes en transport et 15 minutes à pieds. L'appartement est à 1 minutes à pieds du métro Faidherbe Chaligny (lign
27107		Charmant studio à deux pas et à 1 minute a pied de la place et du métro République. Proche tout commerces, bars et restaurant.s Vous disposerez d'une petite table sur cours. A 5 minute en métro de Paris centre et de tous ses points touristiques.
27108	2 people can stay in each room, and 2 others can comfortably sleep in the living room when the sofa is turned into bed.	2 bedrooms and a living room 60 square meters  Both bed rooms have king size beds, plus there is a convertible sofa in the living room. Very close to Place de la République and le Marais          2 people can stay in each room, and 2 others can comfortably sleep in the living room when the sofa is turned into bed. Guests have access to all rooms : 2 spacious bed rooms and a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. Toilets are in the bath room. Email or phone The building is located in a very lively neighborhood with lots of shops, restaurants and bars.  Subway lines : 3 (Parmentier), 9 or 5 (Oberkampf)
27109	"DESIGN LOFT Very rare, central Loft in the trendiest area of Paris! 48 sqm, remodelled a month ago, a brand new apartment. Sunny, clear and calm on the 4 th and last floor. Enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. No elevator. 4 meters high ceilings ! Three large windows , one mezzanine room with double bed 160 cm accessible by stairs from the living room. A big living room with a sofa bed (single). A dressing and a separate bathroom with a bathtub and large separate shower. The dressing has a washer and a dryer and a lot of storage space. Separate toilet. Great for 3 people. The apartment is located in the trendy 11th arrondissement called "" Le Marais, Oberkampf, Canal St Marin, "" * Oberkampf bars, restaurants * Canal saint martin the small waterway where you can stroll around, sit at sidewalk cafés and take a break in little squares. * Le marais: a fashionable place with art galleries & museums  Central Paris near trendy restaurants and cafés, places to buy French food and  two typ"	"DESIGN LOFT Very rare, central Loft in the trendiest area of Paris! 48 sqm, remodelled a month ago, a brand new apartment. Sunny, clear and calm on the 4 th and last floor. Enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. No elevator. 4 meters high ceilings ! Three large windows , one mezzanine room with double bed 160 cm accessible by stairs from the living room. A big living room with a sofa bed (single). A dressing and a separate bathroom with a bathtub and large separate shower. The dressing has a washer and a dryer and a lot of storage space. Separate toilet. Great for 3 people. The apartment is located in the trendy 11th arrondissement called "" Le Marais, Oberkampf, Canal St Marin, "" * Oberkampf bars, restaurants * Canal saint martin the small waterway where you can stroll around, sit at sidewalk cafés and take a break in little squares. * Le marais: a fashionable place with art galleries & museums  Central Paris near trendy restaurants and cafés, places to buy French food and  two typ"
27110	"A single apartment (47 m²) + terrace (8 m²)  Double exposure on the roof, 4 meters high wooden ceiling, kitchen, mezzanine bedroom, terrace and fireplace work.  7th floor, elevator.  Rare and unusual. Fireplace.  Full kitchen.  House phone.  Nespresso machine.  High-speed wireless Internet access (wi-fi).  Plasma screen TV.  Cable TV (over 200 channels)  IPod Dock Connector  Washer / Dryer  stereo system  Iron / ironing board  Toaster  Linens of high quality.  Disco ball rolling.  * A street in the Marais (4th arrondissement) and very close to the rue de Bretagne, rue de Turenne, Place des Vosges (150 meters) and trendy restaurants (Grazie, Eating, Many, Janou, Café Charlot, Progress ..).  * 30 sec walk from the station ""Green Path"" subway (No. 8, 50 meters) or 6/8 minutes from the Bastille (Lign 1).  * 3 mins walk from Breguet Sabin metro is 4 stops from Gare du Nord.  The private terrace overlooking the roofs of Paris 8 m², including a stunning view of the Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, t"	"A single apartment (45 m²) + terrace (8 m²)  Double view exposure on the Paris roof, 4 meters high wooden ceiling, kitchen, mezzanine bedroom, terrace and fireplace. 7th Floor. Lift. A single apartment (47 m²) + terrace (8 m²)  Double exposure on the roof, 4 meters high wooden ceiling, kitchen, mezzanine bedroom, terrace and fireplace work.  7th floor, elevator.  Rare and unusual. Fireplace.  Full kitchen.  House phone.  Nespresso machine.  High-speed wireless Internet access (wi-fi).  Plasma screen TV.  Cable TV (over 200 channels)  IPod Dock Connector  Washer / Dryer  stereo system  Iron / ironing board  Toaster  Linens of high quality.  Disco ball rolling.  * A street in the Marais (4th arrondissement) and very close to the rue de Bretagne, rue de Turenne, Place des Vosges (150 meters) and trendy restaurants (Grazie, Eating, Many, Janou, Café Charlot, Progress ..).  * 30 sec walk from the station ""Green Path"" subway (No. 8, 50 meters) or 6/8 minutes from the Bastille (Lign 1).  * 3 "
27111	Cozy haven for two in a private residence off the rue Saint-Maur. The main room is an open living room and kitchen area with a lot of light and spacious for European standards. The apartment is off the street and at the end of a courtyard.	Quiet apartment on rue Saint-Maur in the 11th arrondissement. Not far from famous Père-Lachaise cemetery. Only 10 minutes from Bastille. In walking distance to metro and bus stations (Voltaire) as well as supermarkets and great restaurants.  Cozy haven for two in a private residence off the rue Saint-Maur. The main room is an open living room and kitchen area with a lot of light and spacious for European standards. The apartment is off the street and at the end of a courtyard. The flat is fully furnished. Espresso and coffee machines, hair dryer, iron and board, toaster, juicer, tv, cable and dvd player. Utensils for cooking and eating, etc.  I speak fluent English, French, and Spanish so don't hesitate to ask me questions about nearby amenities and attractions. I'll leave directions on how to get to stores and restaurants as well as instructions for certain appliances, access to the building and the refuse storage room. The neighborhood is quiet and off the beaten path yet in very clo
27112	Quiet, with a view on the parisian rooftops, sunrise in the living room, sunshine in the bedroom.	Apartment on the top floor of a typical Parisian building between Place Aligre and Rue de Charonne, in a very quiet street. Bright and friendly, ideal for a couple visiting Paris. Possibility of an extra bed. Quiet, with a view on the parisian rooftops, sunrise in the living room, sunshine in the bedroom. fully equipped kitchen, WIFI.. Friendly neighborhood, lot of french restaurants and next to Aligre Market where you can find cheap fruit and vegetables. The area combines shopping streets and charming alleys Metro 1 Station Bastille Metro 8 Station Ledru Rollin Bus Line 86 Station Crozatier
27113		Charmant sousplexe  au coeur du 11e entierement refait à neuf avec deux chambres et un grand living room.
27114		The flat is at the crossroad of 2 great Paris' neighbourhoods: Oberkampf & République. Living here, you'll definitely discover that Paris can be whatever you want it to be: a melting pot, a boheme journey, and/ or endless party! I'll do my best to be as reachable as I can! My flat is close to very different and great neighborhoods: the lively, hectic Belleville -Chinese & Arabic area; the very bobo Parmentier & Oberkampf (bobo for 'bourgeois-boheme') with their nice boulangeries & épiceries fines; the made-for-nightlife Jean-Pierre Timbaud street, with all its bars & clubs... Whatever you feel like doing, you'll be able to! Plus, if a walk to Père Lachaise, Bastille or Republique appeals to you, it's definitely doable, from 5 to 10 minutes walking. There're 3 subway lines (#5, #3, #9) and 3 bus lines (#96 & #56, #46).
27115	Grande douche italienne tres agreable	Logement cosy, style épuré agréable pour une ou deux personnes, fonctionnel et calme. Lit très confortable et spacieux pour 2 personnes 24m2 c: c'est un 1 piece mais bien amenagé et fonctionnel Grande douche italienne tres agreable Moins de 5mn à pieds de Faidherbe Chaligny (Ligne 8) Moins de 5mn à pieds de Reuilly-Diderot (Ligne 1 et 8) 10mn à pieds de Nation (Ligne 1, 9 et RER A) 15mn à pieds de Bastille Quartiers très sympatique avec beaucoup de restaurants et quelques bars, Carrefour Market juste en face et Dia à 1mn Moins de 5mn à pieds de Faidherbe Chaligny (Ligne 8) Moins de 5mn à pieds de Reuilly-Diderot (Ligne 1 et 8) 10mn à pieds de Nation (Ligne 1, 9 et RER A) 15mn à pieds de Bastille Station de Taxi à Faidherbe Chaligny
27116	fully furnished ! In from of the metro Pere lachaise ( M2 and M3) , Great light, Well Appointed Bed-Sofa, Smal kitchen,Dishes, oven, WC-Bathroom ... The studio is quite smal but Everything is there.  Regards  Rafael Fajardo rafft3 gml Medical student  Université Paris Descartes 	"            Salut, I'll be in Switzerland for 3 weeks and so I rent my studio. I Rent for 2 weeks minimun* If your are looking for a place to stay during your ""Flat research"" in Paris. IIt's a individual studio 12 m2.           fully furnished ! In from of the metro Pere lachaise ( M2 and M3) , Great light, Well Appointed Bed-Sofa, Smal kitchen,Dishes, oven, WC-Bathroom ... The studio is quite smal but Everything is there.  Regards  Rafael Fajardo rafft3 gml Medical student  Université Paris Descartes All the studio metro L9- Rue des boulets              L8- faidherbe chaligny (stance minimum 2 weeks ) 100 euro key deposit "
27117		Located in central Paris (11th arrondissement).   Max. 10 minutes by walk from : - Place de la Bastille  - Le Marais  - Pere Lachaise Cemetery Located in a very quiet  It contains a room with a queen size bed, a fully equipped open space kitchen with a living room which contains a confortable convertible sofa, and a tiny bathroom with toilets.
27118	The appartment is very pleasent : a lot of light, comfortable seats and quiet environment. The balcony is overlooking some rooftop and you can see the Eiffel Tower. The studio is 30m² (approximately 323 square feet)	Quiet and bright studio with views over the rooftops and the Eiffel Tower. The appartment is located in a very quiet street, and oriented toward the courtyard. The neighborhood is great, a lot of places to take a drink, dance and meet people. The appartment is very pleasent : a lot of light, comfortable seats and quiet environment. The balcony is overlooking some rooftop and you can see the Eiffel Tower. The studio is 30m² (approximately 323 square feet) You can use all you want in the appartment, even the projector, if you want to watch a movie ! The kitchen is well-equiped, and I provide some take-away cups if you want to drink your homemade latte outside. The proximity of all commodities is perfect: shops, bar, metro, restaurant etc. This neighborhood is perfect in summer because of the Canal St Martin and all the green space around. If you walk 15mn, you can go to the Buttes-Chaumont. This is an awesome park on a top of a hill: up there, the view of Paris is speechless (don't hesit
27119	Each room has separate heater and window for the best comfort with the direct sun light. Very silent. South West exposition for calm aperitifs, window doors open on evening sunsets. Classic italian coffee and french coffee filter machine is ready for your morning breakfast.	"- Escape from the main stream tourist streets to the heart of young artistic area. Back to the Parisian faubourg style, sleep comfy on the top of the city with the famous impressionists  colored  skies of «  île de France "" Each room has separate heater and window for the best comfort with the direct sun light. Very silent. South West exposition for calm aperitifs, window doors open on evening sunsets. Classic italian coffee and french coffee filter machine is ready for your morning breakfast. Fully equipped kitchen , washing machine, bathroom with bathtub. Large double bed. Wifi. Great  neighborhood with the « farm products »  selling downstairs, wild flower shops, Lilli's French Guiana tropical macaron boutique , tea room, trendy restaurants offering a subtile new « classique » french cuisine. Lebanese,Vietnamese, Italian cuisines. Bars and hype Electro concerts around « rue Oberkampf ». You will surely enjoy the green « cemetery of Père Lachaise » with cult occupiers such as Edith P"
27120	This appartment is located on 3rd floor in a quiet street in the heart of Paris. Charming, spacious, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 6 people. It suits very well for a family with children. It includes three rooms with a bed for 2 people, a big living-room, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 500 channels. The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV, charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools...	At the heart of Paris, this fully furnished appartment (100m2) is the perfect location for your short or long stay. It's located at the heart of Latin Corner, next to St-Michel & Notre Dame, well-known for its unique atmosphere! Welcome! This appartment is located on 3rd floor in a quiet street in the heart of Paris. Charming, spacious, newly renovated, fully equipped, it can accommodate up to 6 people. It suits very well for a family with children. It includes three rooms with a bed for 2 people, a big living-room, a fully equipped bathroom & kitchen, free & unlimited WIFI, a TV with 500 channels. The price includes free & unlimited WIFI, TV, charges, bed linens, towels, kitchen tools... Entire flat Depending on the time you arrive, we'll welcome you! Should you have any questions or need help before or during your stay, please contact me! Located two steps away from Bastille square and Marais district, you will find at walking distances everything you need in the neighborhood to get 
27121	The flat is spacious and the two bedrooms have a garden view so you can enjoy the view and a quiet night.  There is a double living room (one part with the couch and the TV and the other with the dinner table). The kitchen is separated with all the facilities, you can cook in here before you go enjoy the bars and clubs nearby. The place is secured by digicodes.	Spacious 56m2 flat with 2 calm bedrooms and a large living-room, close to various lively neighborhoods, ideal to enjoy Paris for the weekend  The flat is spacious and the two bedrooms have a garden view so you can enjoy the view and a quiet night.  There is a double living room (one part with the couch and the TV and the other with the dinner table). The kitchen is separated with all the facilities, you can cook in here before you go enjoy the bars and clubs nearby. The place is secured by digicodes. My roommate and I are two young girls, living in Paris for several years. We work in Fashion and in the Music business, so we go out a lot and would be happy to recommend you many great places near our appartment. We love to travel and to meet new people from around the world. We speak French & English fluently as well as a little bit of German and Spanish. This is a great location in the east of Paris, with many bars et restaurants to go out. Bastille, Oberkampf, Belleville or Nation are 
27122		Fully equiped open kitchen on the living room, wood floor, one large bedroom with a very comfortable high quality queen size bed, one kid bedroom with a tipi to play in, and a luxury design bathroom with bathtub and shower.
27123		Chambre Lumineuse De 15 m2 dans un appartement hausmmanien spacieux de 60 m2 Double expo, parc de la roquette (1mn), Cimetière de Père Lachaise (5mn), Bastille (10mn) Ligne 9 métro Voltaire.  Salon, cuisine dépendante, sdb, commerces.
27124	Cet appartement spacieux et lumineux sera le point de départ idéal de votre séjour à Paris.  Dans un quartier vivant, central et très bien connecté vous pourrez profiter de Paris à pied 	            Spacious 70sqm 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of Oberkampf  Large and bright living room 2 double bedrooms Modern kitchen and bathroom       free wifi Oberkampf is a very lively area, full of bars and restaurants.  Walking distance to Le Marais, République, Bastille
27125	Chambre spacieuse de 14m2	Chambre spacieuse de 14m2 In the neighborhood, you will find all what you need : supermarkets, restaurants and so on... There are several different underground station nearby, and also some rental bike station (Vélib)
27126	The apartment is situated at the first floor. Living room of 25 m² with kitchen fully equiped. A bedroom with wardrobe, king size bed (180*200) and private bathroom with shower and toilets . For musicians, a piano in the living room is waiting for you!	Charming one bedroom  45m2 crossing with double glazing, in the heart of Paris, 30meters from the Marais.Located on the first floor and charm of the old, wooden floors and exposed beams. Really well located, central from every touristics places. The apartment is situated at the first floor. Living room of 25 m² with kitchen fully equiped. A bedroom with wardrobe, king size bed (180*200) and private bathroom with shower and toilets . For musicians, a piano in the living room is waiting for you! You have access to the internet via WIFI , TV , washing machine for a minimum booking two nights , dishwasher and kitchen utensils, piano, cupboards, coffee machine. Available for exchange with travelers and give them any kind of advices. The Oberkampf district is famous for its animation with its many restaurants and bars without being too noisy and tourist district , one of the most pleasant places in Paris . There is a real life neighborhood because of the many nearby shops , pastry baker, but
27127		A lovely room in our flat in 11th district of Paris. 
27128	In the heart of the 11th arr., in the lively neighborhood of Oberkampf, the apartment, typical & cozy, is nevertheless quiet, as it is on courtyard. Can accommodate two people. Enjoy the kitchen, and its proximity to the metro. Perfect for a weekend! The 20m2 studio, with wooden floor and an old  marble cheminy, is in an old building of bricks and wrought iron, from beginning of 20ieth century. For people who love places with a lot of character! You can use the kitchen and have breakfast in the appartment (coffee and tea at your disposal). Sheets, cover and towels are at your disposal. You just need to bring your hygiene products. Don't hesitate to email or text me during your stay if any questions. The area is ideal to go out: bars, restaurants and few clubs at reasonnable prices!  To get to the appartment from the airports :  - Charles de Gaulle : RER B until Gare du Nord and change for Métro 2 at La Chapelle until Couronnes (4min walking), or RER B until Châtelet and then Métro 11 u	In the heart of the 11th arr., in the lively neighborhood of Oberkampf, the apartment, typical & cozy, is nevertheless quiet, as it is on courtyard. Can accommodate two people. Enjoy the kitchen, and its proximity to the metro. Perfect for a weekend! In the heart of the 11th arr., in the lively neighborhood of Oberkampf, the apartment, typical & cozy, is nevertheless quiet, as it is on courtyard. Can accommodate two people. Enjoy the kitchen, and its proximity to the metro. Perfect for a weekend! The 20m2 studio, with wooden floor and an old  marble cheminy, is in an old building of bricks and wrought iron, from beginning of 20ieth century. For people who love places with a lot of character! You can use the kitchen and have breakfast in the appartment (coffee and tea at your disposal). Sheets, cover and towels are at your disposal. You just need to bring your hygiene products. Don't hesitate to email or text me during your stay if any questions. The area is ideal to go out: bars, resta
27129	Logement de 18m2 avec un balcon de 3,5m. SDB avec WC et kitchenette. Mini four et micro-ondes. Table avec deux tabourets.  Canapé-lit convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  Draps, 2 serviettes et ustensiles de cuisine sont fournis.	Studio fonctionnel au coeur de Bastille pouvant accueillir 2 pers. L’atout majeur de l'appartement est sa situation géographique. A deux pas de la célèbre rue animée de Lappe, de la place de la bastille. Pas loin du marais et de la place des Vosges. Logement de 18m2 avec un balcon de 3,5m. SDB avec WC et kitchenette. Mini four et micro-ondes. Table avec deux tabourets.  Canapé-lit convertible pouvant accueillir deux personnes.  Draps, 2 serviettes et ustensiles de cuisine sont fournis. Idéal pour découvrir Paris, situé à proximité de trois stations de métro et de nombreux bus et stations Velib. Peu de place de stationnement à proximité. Studio donnant sur la rue Amelot.
27130	"APARTMENT Charming studio recently renovated situated on a private courtyard of a nice building with security code. Enjoy the peace of this little quiet spot in the middle of center Paris. It is located a few blocks from Bastille and Le Marais. The studio is fully equipped with all ustensils provided. The kitchen is brand new as the bathroom too ! The comfortable sofa bed is really easy to set up, the size of the bed is 140x200( bed linens, blankets, pillows provided). The bathroom is equipped with shower, toilet, and towels are provided. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway : Faidherbe Chaligny (Line 8) / Charonne (Line 9) Our apartment is located on rue Saint Bernard in the 11th arrondissement near Bastille. This is a safe and trendy area of eastern Paris. There's a lot of restaurants, bars, art galleries... We will tell you all the good places, where to go and what to see... The very parisian ""Aligre"" market is 5 minutes walk from the apartment, you'll find there all fresh products that you need. Th"	"APARTMENT Charming studio recently renovated situated on a private courtyard of a nice building with security code. Enjoy the peace of this little quiet spot in the middle of center Paris. It is located a few blocks from Bastille and Le Marais. The studio is fully equipped with all ustensils provided. The kitchen is brand new as the bathroom too ! The comfortable sofa bed is really easy to set up, the size of the bed is 140x200( bed linens, blankets, pillows provided). The bathroom is equipped with shower, toilet, and towels are provided. NEIGHBORHOOD Subway : Faidherbe Chaligny (Line 8) / Charonne (Line 9) Our apartment is located on rue Saint Bernard in the 11th arrondissement near Bastille. This is a safe and trendy area of eastern Paris. There's a lot of restaurants, bars, art galleries... We will tell you all the good places, where to go and what to see... The very parisian ""Aligre"" market is 5 minutes walk from the apartment, you'll find there all fresh products that you need. Th"
27131	Loft avec verrière	Loft of 25 sqm with a glass wall + 8 sam 1 lit 2 places + 1 canapé-lit 2 places. Salle de bain à l'italienne + machine à laver Cuisine équipée A 10 min à pied de Bastille. Métros Charonne, Faidherbe-Chaligny. Appartement de caractère
27132		Cosy and charming aprtmt. in a trendy district of Paris.  Big room with queen size bed, baroque-style living room, 42' TV, sound system, WIFI, washing machine, convertible sofa. Living neighborhood with many restaurants, bars. 2 mins walking to metro
27133	Parquet et moulure. Télévision grand écran. WIFI. Toilettes séparés. Immeuble calme. Appartement sur cour intérieure. 2 lits 2 places très confortables	3 pièces : une chambre, avec un lit 2 places et un lit (1a4ans), armoires, salon équipé d'un canapé convertible, 2 personnes, couchage quotidien, très confortable. Situé au 5 étage (sans ascenseur), la vue est agréable et l'appartement lumineux. Parquet et moulure. Télévision grand écran. WIFI. Toilettes séparés. Immeuble calme. Appartement sur cour intérieure. 2 lits 2 places très confortables A deux pas des métros Bastille (métro lignes 1,5 et 8) et Bréguet-Sabin (métro ligne 5), l'appartement est situé dans le centre de Paris. Tous les commerces (tabac, boulangerie, pharmacie) sont au pied de l'immeuble, dont un supermarché bio. Plusieurs restaurants et bars sont situés à leur tour à deux pas de l'appartement. Facilement joignables, en cas d'un quelconque problème, nous resterons bien entendu à votre disposition. Le 11ème arrondissement de Paris est l'un des quartiers les plus vivants de Paris, au centre de la capitale. Plusieurs rues passantes, connues pour leurs vies nocturnes agr
27134	L'appartement a beaucoup de charme, très agréable hiver comme été. Le quartier est central, idéal pour visiter Paris.	2 pièces ds immeuble ancien et bourgeois ds le quartier vivant de la Bastille,en plein coeur du Marais.À 3 pas de la place des Vosges,à 2  pas de l'Opéra bastille, et à 1 pas d'un des plus beaux marchés de Paris.Idéal pour couple ou famille. L'appartement a beaucoup de charme, très agréable hiver comme été. Le quartier est central, idéal pour visiter Paris. PARIS- 11 ème arrondissement. Bastille- Le marais. Le quartier de la Bastille est extrêmement vivant (nombreux restaurants et bars) et donne accès à tous les transports. Proche de la Gare de Lyon, de plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus. Haut lieu de culture (cinéma, opéra, théâtres, salles de concert). Emplacement également idéal pour partir en ballades à pied.  Métro, Bus, Train...
27135	Typical old Parisian building, with nice wooden floors. Located at the third and top floor, overlooking on a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. The kitchen is completely equipped (refrigerator, freezer, cooktops, coffeepot, etc.). In the bathroom a shower, a washbasin and toilet. All linen and towels are included.	I'm renting my charming fully furnished apartment, with care and taste. 30 m², two-storey, perfect for a couple or an individual, clear and quiet. Sleeps 2 in the room under the roofs. Typical old Parisian building, with nice wooden floors. Located at the third and top floor, overlooking on a nice & pleasant paved courtyard, very quiet. The kitchen is completely equipped (refrigerator, freezer, cooktops, coffeepot, etc.). In the bathroom a shower, a washbasin and toilet. All linen and towels are included. You will have access to the apartment in its entirety, no amenities or areas will be shared. I will be very happy to share and exchange with you, if you wish, and keep in touch with you, by telephone or by email, to answer to your question during your stay. The district is one of the most alive and nice, located in the heart of one of the most charming and central neighbourhood. You'll be in 5 minutes by foot from le Marais (rue de Turenne, Marché des Enfants rouges, Carreau du Temple
27136	The apartment is located on the 6th floor, in a quiet street close to the Bastille. Bright living room overlooking a very quiet courtyard. Bathroom with shower and toilet. It is easy to prepare a meal in the fully equipped kitchen: gas stove, fridge freezer, washing machine and dryer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, microwave oven. Broadband wifi, Bose speakers... There are 2 beds: a bed for 2 people and a sofa bed.	It is located in the district 11th, a lively and typically Parisian neighborhood, near the Père Lachaise cemetery and close to all amenities. The nearest subway station is Charonne line 9 (direct to Opéra and Champs Elysées) and the RER A Nation The apartment is located on the 6th floor, in a quiet street close to the Bastille. Bright living room overlooking a very quiet courtyard. Bathroom with shower and toilet. It is easy to prepare a meal in the fully equipped kitchen: gas stove, fridge freezer, washing machine and dryer, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, microwave oven. Broadband wifi, Bose speakers... There are 2 beds: a bed for 2 people and a sofa bed. This apartment is located in the district 11th, a lively and typically Parisian neighborhood, close to Bastille, Place Léon Blum and the Père Lachaise cemetery, where lie among others Edith Piaf, Jim Morrison, Alexander Dumas, Chopin, and many others…. Nearby you will find all the shops you might need, bakeries, supermarkets, gre
27137	Modern and comfortable, the apartment is designed to accommodate the most comfortable way  4 people.  It has for this purpose a cozy living / dining room through with an office space, a sofa bed 140 x 190 and an en suite shower room. The master bedroom has a double bed 160 x 200 with heads and feet lift + TV, and a bathroom with double sinks and a dressing room. The toilet is separate.  You will love the brightness and serenity of this apartment fully equipped with sliding doors double glazing.  You have a washing machine, a dryer and a dishwasher and all the equipment of a modern kitchen  All linen is provided.	 75 m2 Appt  for 4 people with terrace, on the upper floor,  with elevator, situated in a very calm passage, near Père Lachaise, and all food stores and   restaurants (Oberkampf, Bastille) Modern and comfortable, the apartment is designed to accommodate the most comfortable way  4 people.  It has for this purpose a cozy living / dining room through with an office space, a sofa bed 140 x 190 and an en suite shower room. The master bedroom has a double bed 160 x 200 with heads and feet lift + TV, and a bathroom with double sinks and a dressing room. The toilet is separate.  You will love the brightness and serenity of this apartment fully equipped with sliding doors double glazing.  You have a washing machine, a dryer and a dishwasher and all the equipment of a modern kitchen  All linen is provided. You can also enjoy all the technology at your disposal during your stay: 2 TVs, DVD player, wifi, calls abroad (some countries). You have a washing machine, a dryer and a dishwasher, a fully 
27138	My little flat offers all conveniences. There is everything you need down the street, from a pharmacy to various food stores and restaurants.   The flat in itself provides a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with shower. The bed is a convertible but it's very easy to unfold at night. There is access to internet via wifi and a possibility to plug your computer to a bigger screen. There is also an electric piano you can use. 	"Cute, clean and functional studio in good location with loads of sunshine! The flat is situated in the heart of the 11th arrondissement. It offers a lively but not touristically crowded area, close to Montmartre, Bastille and the Marais. My little flat offers all conveniences. There is everything you need down the street, from a pharmacy to various food stores and restaurants.   The flat in itself provides a fully furnished kitchen and a bathroom with shower. The bed is a convertible but it's very easy to unfold at night. There is access to internet via wifi and a possibility to plug your computer to a bigger screen. There is also an electric piano you can use.  No shared space, the flat is all yours! I will personally welcome my guest(s). I will be easy to join on phone during the stay. My neighbourghood is quite calm, I sleep with the windows opened. The quater is very lively, within 5 mins walk you will find the rue Saint Maur and all its restaurants, the Bd Ménilmontant and its ""ca"
27139		In the heart Paris, a few minutes walk from Bastille, le Marais, le Canal Saint-Martin! A cosy & bright flat with a bedroom, a living room, and a nice balcony (an ideal place for breakfast or for enjoying drinks with friends on a summer evenning!)
27140	Welcome to my flat! I've been living here for the past 7 years.  It's fully equipped for make your stay comfortable. The flat is decorated with items I brought back from places around the world. Not to forget the high speed Wi-Fi On the lower floor:  - an open kitchen (dining for 4 persons, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat)  - a bathroom - Wooden furniture were tailor made to fit the space. Small bathtube, toilets and hair dryer  - a living room : spacious area with 2 armchairs and a sofa that converts into a bed (with a real mattress) for 2 persons. + cable TV (incl. foreign TV channels) On the upper floor:  - the bedroom with an extra large bed (200 x 180, 2 year-old mattress), some Hi-Fi, and a great view to the sky of Paris when you are lying in the bed The appartement is in a 1940 building (with public common areas that could benefit from a renovation), on the 5th and last floor (easy stairs, no elevator and no	After a fun day in Paris, relax in my bright & zen, fully equipped, 50 sq. meter duplex, located in the Bourgois Boheme district of Oberkampf.  Fall asleep looking at the Parisian sky from the 180x200 bed right under the roof Welcome to my flat! I've been living here for the past 7 years.  It's fully equipped for make your stay comfortable. The flat is decorated with items I brought back from places around the world. Not to forget the high speed Wi-Fi On the lower floor:  - an open kitchen (dining for 4 persons, microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, fridge and everything you need to cook and eat)  - a bathroom - Wooden furniture were tailor made to fit the space. Small bathtube, toilets and hair dryer  - a living room : spacious area with 2 armchairs and a sofa that converts into a bed (with a real mattress) for 2 persons. + cable TV (incl. foreign TV channels) On the upper floor:  - the bedroom with an extra large bed (200 x 180, 2 year-old mattress), some Hi-Fi, an
27141		Hello ! And wellcom in Paris ! 2 roommates invites you to spend our great and spacious apartment. For3 days or more, let's share our experience ! But you also can be isolated, up to you :) Do not hesitate to contact us for further informations
27142		Cosy apartment in the heart of Paris. Located in a  very quiet street and atwalking distance from the Marais, place de la République, Oberkampf and canal St Martin.
27143	Cet appartement est typiquement parisien, situé au cœur du quartier très vivant de Ménilmontant / Oberkampf. Situé au 7ème et dernier étage (sans ascenseur !), il offre une belle vue sur les toits de Paris...	I offer you a nice apartment of 35 sqm. Very light (top floor) and comfortable accommodation, it includes a large living room (18 sqm), a large kitchen (9 sqm, with a lunch table) and a bathroom (with bath).
27144	fully equipped kitchen (microwave, fridge, electric coffee-maker, toaster.) bathroom with (website hidden) available with internet access (wifi)	fully equipped kitchen (microwave, fridge, electric coffee-maker, toaster.) bathroom with (website hidden) available with internet access (wifi) located in the 11th in paris at 10 min walk from the bastille 5 min from the cemetery of the Père Lachaise, very well served by numerous transportation: - 61 from gare de lyon/austerlitz, - 69 direction Champ de mars, saint-Paul, louvre etc... -Metro line 9 (direct access to the champs elysees in 20 min) I will be available for the receipt of the keys and to explain the operation of the equipment of the apartment. and I leave the disposal of the apartment tenants. tell me how many people will stay that I best prepare the apartment.
27145	Our lovely flat (35 m2) is in located Paris downtown and ideal for couples or friends. The appartment overlooks a quiet street. It is located at walking distance from subway station (Voltaire - L9), 5 min. from Oberkampf, Bastille and Place de la Republique vibrant disctricts (with many restaurants and bars), and 15/20 min from famous places  such as  Canal Saint-Martin and Montmartre. It is fully equipped and tastefully decorated. Looking forward to welcome you, L - Jean ************************************************************ Heureux habitant d'un coquet appartement parisien (35 m2), entièrement équipé, nous le louons pendant nos vacances. Idéal pour couple ou amis de passage. Il donne sur une rue calme et est situé à 2 min. du métro (Voltaire - L9), 5 min. des quartiers animés d'Oberkampf, de la Bastille et de la place de la République, et 15/20 min de Montmartre et du Canal Saint-Martin. Il est entièrement équipé et décoré avec distinction.  	Ideal for couples or friends, the appartment (35 m2) overlooks a quiet street. It is located at walking distance from subway station (Voltaire - L9), 5 min. from Oberkampf and Bastille vibrant disctricts.
27146	This cute 20m2 studio is situated between République and « Bastille » on a quiet street.  The apartment is on the 3th floor (or 4th for US) of a building without elevator. The apartment’s door has a high security lock.  This is a pleasant and very trendy area. And its ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs) will allow you to reach all the main sites of interest very easily A large public transport network are close to the flat : Metro : lines 3,5,9  Bus station near the building.  Vélib stations and cab station nearby.  Direct lines to the Trocadero, Champs Elysées, Opéra, Bassin de la Vilette, Les Grands Magasins (Lafayette, le Printemps)… All commodities like money-change, bank, supermarket (8am – 22pm, 7/7), bakeries, grocery-shops, laundromatic, pharmacy, wine shop, cheese shop, gym, cinema, theatres restaurants, bars are situated at the bottom of the apartment.  The apartment includes : - a luminous room with sofa, radio, TV ; - a	This cute 20m2 studio is situated between République and « Bastille » on a quiet street.  The apartment is on the 3th floor (or 4th for US) of a building without elevator. The apartment’s door has a high security lock.  This is a pleasant and very trendy area. And its ideal location in the more fashion area (shops, stores, restaurants, museums, pubs, clubs) will allow you to reach all the main sites of interest very easily A large public transport network are close to the flat : Metro : lines 3,5,9  Bus station near the building.  Vélib stations and cab station nearby.  Direct lines to the Trocadero, Champs Elysées, Opéra, Bassin de la Vilette, Les Grands Magasins (Lafayette, le Printemps)… All commodities like money-change, bank, supermarket (8am – 22pm, 7/7), bakeries, grocery-shops, laundromatic, pharmacy, wine shop, cheese shop, gym, cinema, theatres restaurants, bars are situated at the bottom of the apartment.  The apartment includes : - a luminous room with sofa, radio, TV ; - a
27147	Hi everybody, I live in a great collocation with 3 other girls. It's a beautiful  4 rooms flat in the 11th district of Paris, near many metro stations ; Saint-Ambroise, Parmentier .. Perfect location to visit the city (Bastille in 10 min, Chatelet in 20 min), you will also enjoy the parmentier district with clubs and bars or stay calm at my place and enjoy the terrace and the view. You have to pass by my roommate's room to go to yours but there are curtains. Of course wifi, towels, and sheets  	Cool room in a flatshare with 3other women (26 to 30 years). Light in the room all day, best district ! 35 euros per night. You have to pass by my roommate's room to go to yours but there are curtains. Good trip to you !! Hi everybody, I live in a great collocation with 3 other girls. It's a beautiful  4 rooms flat in the 11th district of Paris, near many metro stations ; Saint-Ambroise, Parmentier .. Perfect location to visit the city (Bastille in 10 min, Chatelet in 20 min), you will also enjoy the parmentier district with clubs and bars or stay calm at my place and enjoy the terrace and the view. You have to pass by my roommate's room to go to yours but there are curtains. Of course wifi, towels, and sheets Draps et serviettes fournis, plans et wifi. Sheets, towels, maps, wifi ! Le 11e arrondissement, cosmopolite, jeune, branché où l'on peut sortir et bien manger. The 11th is cosmopolite, young, trendy, you can have fun and eat well ! L’appartement est très bien placé à 2 min du mét
27148	You Will found  à Nice kitchen with oven, washing machine,dishwacher, café machine , juice machine , etc.. 3 bedrooms 2 with large bed  1 with smal bed  In The living room You fins a double bed sofa vers confortable.	Nice apparement in high Level with  elevator Near Le Marais,Châtelet, Beaubourg. The place is full of Galery, creators shops, restorants, bars. Vert well desserve by bus,métro velib and anyway You go to Notre Dame by foot in 30 min. Metro Line 1,8 You Will found  à Nice kitchen with oven, washing machine,dishwacher, café machine , juice machine , etc.. 3 bedrooms 2 with large bed  1 with smal bed  In The living room You fins a double bed sofa vers confortable. Metro Line 9,8, 5,1 all thé lignes 5mn by foot Bus 76,61, 2mn Gare de Lyon 10 min by foot You can  join me by mail,mobile,or WhatsApp , Skype This place is a very pleasant one. An historical place wich Côme from Moyen Âge . Small street , old building where take place Wood artisan . So it is like a small  village  and quite Young working family  . You can fond rue de Charonne with her café and terrasse ,restaurant, shops with Brand or small one . Rue Lappe is full of restaurants and Bar. Very good connexion to metro Line 1,9,8,5 
27149	Situé vers Nation, à 10mn de Bastille d'un immeuble typiquement Haussmanien, il possède un charmant petit balcon filant équipé d'un table avec 2 chaises, plein sud, ce qui vous permet de prendre votre petit déjeuner au soleil avec la vue des toits de Paris. 2 pièces, tout équipé, composé d'une chambre à coucher, d'un salon, cuisine équipée et salle de bains avec baignoire. La chambre à coucher dispose d'un grand lit et la salon d'une canapé se transformant en grande banquette pour 1 personne, aussi confortable qu'un lit. Complètement rénové et meublé avec goût dans un style moderne contemporain et chaleureux. A deux pas de la Faidherbe et de ses nombreux bars et (email hidden) à pied du Cimetière du Père-Lachaise, des places de la Bastille et de la République, 20 mn à pied du Marais (bus direct). Commerces et  transport (métro, bus, vélib, autolib)  en bas de la rue.	Situé vers Nation, à 10mn de Bastille d'un immeuble typiquement Haussmanien, il possède un charmant petit balcon filant équipé d'un table avec 2 chaises, plein sud, ce qui vous permet de prendre votre petit déjeuner au soleil avec la vue des toits de Paris. 2 pièces, tout équipé, composé d'une chambre à coucher, d'un salon, cuisine équipée et salle de bains avec baignoire. La chambre à coucher dispose d'un grand lit et la salon d'une canapé se transformant en grande banquette pour 1 personne, aussi confortable qu'un lit. Complètement rénové et meublé avec goût dans un style moderne contemporain et chaleureux. A deux pas de la Faidherbe et de ses nombreux bars et (email hidden) à pied du Cimetière du Père-Lachaise, des places de la Bastille et de la République, 20 mn à pied du Marais (bus direct). Commerces et  transport (métro, bus, vélib, autolib)  en bas de la rue. Proches commerce Marché à 5min mercredi et samedi matin 8-13h Proche  Rue des Boulets Ligne 9 Alexandre Dumas Ligne 2 Na
27150		Bright apartment; 2 rooms, 45m2 & big balcony.  I rent to visitors the living room with balcony. Sofa bed is big and confortable. Full equiped kitchen open on the living room. Large bathroom with bath, wc and washing machine. Min 2 nights
27151	A few minutes walk from several metro stations, the building is located in a quiet and secure residence (with a yoga center on the ground floor) On the 3rd floor (no elevator) is my  bright apartment - 15m2 of living room with sofa bed, coffee tables and dining table / bar and open kitchen (4 gas hobs, fridge, sink, oven and microwave, washing machine) / furnishings . - 15m2 of bedroom, office, dressing room and bathroom - attached toilets . The apartment is ideal for a single person or a couple , but two guests can also sleep in the comfortable sofa bed in the living room  -> 4 different dorms. In addition to the new bedding and towels, you can avail of commodities : oil, salt, butter, coffee, tea, sugar, shampoo, dishwashing liquid, laundry, etc.	** Ideal To enjoy Paris ** Typically Parisian apartment , renovated, wellequiped , good location. Double bed * Open Kitchen * Italian Shower * Sofa bed Sunny and clear view (large double glazed windows) . Quiet and cool area of Paris - Between Bastille, République and Nation 4 pers. max A few minutes walk from several metro stations, the building is located in a quiet and secure residence (with a yoga center on the ground floor) On the 3rd floor (no elevator) is my  bright apartment - 15m2 of living room with sofa bed, coffee tables and dining table / bar and open kitchen (4 gas hobs, fridge, sink, oven and microwave, washing machine) / furnishings . - 15m2 of bedroom, office, dressing room and bathroom - attached toilets . The apartment is ideal for a single person or a couple , but two guests can also sleep in the comfortable sofa bed in the living room  -> 4 different dorms. In addition to the new bedding and towels, you can avail of commodities : oil, salt, butter, coffee, tea, sug
27152	L'appartement est à la fois dans un quartier vivant et festif, et en même temps très bien isolé. Les fenêtres sont en double vitrage. Un lieu lumineux, reposant et accueillant.	Quartier animé, métro Parmentier, Goncourt.T2 en parquet au 3e étage d'un immeuble sécurisé avec cour fleurie:1 chambre spatieuse(lit 2 places,bureau,commode),salon avec clic-clac et TV,cuisine américaine,salle de bain(douche,WC,rangements).WIFI. L'appartement est à la fois dans un quartier vivant et festif, et en même temps très bien isolé. Les fenêtres sont en double vitrage. Un lieu lumineux, reposant et accueillant. Un matelas mémoire de forme, neuf. Rangements. Télévision avec cable. Internet très haut débit, fibre optique. Machine à laver et lave vaisselle. Nous accueillerons les locataires au debout et à la fin du séjour et seront entièrement joignables par téléphone en cas de besoin.  L'appartement est situé au coeur d'un quartier convivial, animé, et plein de bonnes adresses pour se restaurer, boire ou faire du shopping. A proximité du métro Parmentier, Goncourt et Couronnes, vous serez rapidement sur les quais de Valmy, à République, ou encore dans le Marais...! A 5 mn à pied
27153	"Unique and charming 47 m2 light-bathing duplex apartment on top and fourth floor (no elevator) within walking distance of the Place des Vosges (5min). It is located within an old typical Parisian building dating from the beginning of the XXth century. The apartment is calm and atypical, warm and cosy. The neighbourhood is one of the bests in Paris: between le Marais and the 11th arrondissement, there are plenty of excellent restaurants and cafés nearby (tips included in the memo sent to you upon your arrival); it is 3 minutes away from the famous ""Merci"" concept store and it's close to loads of trendy fashion boutiques. 20 m2 living-room equipped with design furniture, an all-inclusive American kitchen (oven, washing machine, dishwasher). 2 bedrooms with double beds - one upstairs with a great view on Paris's rooftops. A bathroom with an Italian shower. Possibility of a fifth bed in the living-room or in one of the two bedrooms. During the summer, the apartment is equipped with a fan. "	"Unique and charming 47 m2 light-bathing duplex apartment on top and fourth floor (no elevator) within walking distance of the Place des Vosges (5min). It is located within an old typical Parisian building dating from the beginning of the XXth century. The apartment is calm and atypical, warm and cosy. The neighbourhood is one of the bests in Paris: between le Marais and the 11th arrondissement, there are plenty of excellent restaurants and cafés nearby (tips included in the memo sent to you upon your arrival); it is 3 minutes away from the famous ""Merci"" concept store and it's close to loads of trendy fashion boutiques. 20 m2 living-room equipped with design furniture, an all-inclusive American kitchen (oven, washing machine, dishwasher). 2 bedrooms with double beds - one upstairs with a great view on Paris's rooftops. A bathroom with an Italian shower. Possibility of a fifth bed in the living-room or in one of the two bedrooms. During the summer, the apartment is equipped with a fan. "
27154	18sq meters, equipped kitchen, bathroom, the main room is decorated in brown and red furniture. Beautiful closet with light inside, laminated flooring, curve desk, dining table, chairs and a 2pers sofa bed (140cm large).  The modern kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave and everything you’ll need. There is a shower in the bathroom, hairdryer. Towels and sheets are included.  The building is from the early XX century with no lift. It is quiet to relax because the flat is situated at the end of a courtyard on the 3rd floor. Personal Internet connection with wi-fi, works perfectly.	 Entre Republique Bastille e Pere Lachaise, a 50 metros de um jardim encantador e da igreja Saint-Ambroise, este acolhedor apartamento é perfeito para 1 ou 2 pessoas. Localizado no coração do 11 º arrondissement, este acolhedor apartamento está em muito bom estado de conservação, como tem sido renovado há um ano.  Metros 18SQ, cozinha equipada, casa de banho, a sala principal está decorado com mobiliário de marrom e vermelho. Armário bonita com luz dentro, piso laminado, mesa curva, mesa de jantar, cadeiras e uma 2pers sofá-cama (140 centímetros grande).  A moderna cozinha está equipada com frigorífico, microondas e tudo que você precisa. Há um chuveiro na casa de banho, secador de cabelo. Toalhas e lençóis estão incluídos.  O prédio é do início do século XX, sem elevador. É tranquilo para relaxar, porque o apartamento está situado no final de um pátio no 3 º andar.  Conexão de Internet pessoal com wi-fi, funciona perfeitamente.  AROUND:  - 50 metros muito charmoso jardim Maurice Garde
27155	- 32 m² - 1 bedroom - 1 living room - 1 fully equipped kitchen - 1 bathroom (with washing machin) - 2nd floor (no elevator)	Apartment is calm, luminous, great location (walking distance to many
27156	"This one room + kitchen flat, very bright (6th floor), cosy and functional is ideally located near the trendy areas of Bastille and Oberkampf. Ideal for a couple ! Very bright, calm and decorated in a zen spirit, it offers a peaceful and relaxing environment.  The whole flat is available and equiped with bed linen, bath towels, soap, shampoo and kitchen basics (except coffee, i'm a tea drinker!).  i'll be glad to give tips about the neighborhood and places to visit, shop, drink and eat great French food.  The flat is ideally located between Oberkampf and Bastille, two very trendy areas, within 10min walk. It offers a wide choice of bars, restaurants, and boutiques.   The famous Père Lachaise cemetery is also a 10min walk.  The subway is very close (line 9 ""Voltaire"") as well as public bikes and buses.  "	"This one room + kitchen flat, very bright (6th floor), cosy and functional is ideally located near the trendy areas of Bastille and Oberkampf. Ideal for a couple ! This one room + kitchen flat, very bright (6th floor), cosy and functional is ideally located near the trendy areas of Bastille and Oberkampf. Ideal for a couple ! Very bright, calm and decorated in a zen spirit, it offers a peaceful and relaxing environment.  The whole flat is available and equiped with bed linen, bath towels, soap, shampoo and kitchen basics (except coffee, i'm a tea drinker!).  i'll be glad to give tips about the neighborhood and places to visit, shop, drink and eat great French food.  The flat is ideally located between Oberkampf and Bastille, two very trendy areas, within 10min walk. It offers a wide choice of bars, restaurants, and boutiques.   The famous Père Lachaise cemetery is also a 10min walk.  The subway is very close (line 9 ""Voltaire"") as well as public bikes and buses.  The whole flat is avai"
27157	Typically parisian flat, charming and romantic !	Charming 2 rooms flat (30m2) on the 6th floor (with lift) in a haussmannian building. Quiet, bright and provided with all equipments you need. Ideal for 2 people. Very well located in the Oberkampf area (10 minutes walk from Bastille, le Marais). Typically parisian flat, charming and romantic ! Ideally located (11ème arrondissement): many shops (supermarket, grossery, bakery) around, coffees, bars and clubs. 2 Metro access very close. Close to the 3ème, 4ème, 10ème, 12ème and 20ème arrondissement. I won't be here personnally be cause of the size of the apartment and for a becter comfort but I'll let you a small guide with all the informations you need (besides my mail and phone number!) I love this area because it is always changing and pretty close to so many places in Paris ! Plus, this is were I grew up so places are very familiar to me. I hope you'll love it too ! 2 Métro access : Saint-Ambroise on Line 9 & Richard Lenoir on Line 5 WiFi available
27158		        Cosy flat next to the famous canal Saint-Martin. A comfortable room, a nice living-room and a big balcony to enjoy great moments! And good addresses to discover the neighborhood! Bed sheets/towels included                  
27159	This apartment is a double room with an area of 78 square meters. It is located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris Richard Lenoir close to Bastille with all the pubs and the restaurants, near to Le Marais (Place Des Vosges, public parks, museums, the most stylist boutiques and outstanding restaurants and cafes). Two subway stations in the street (Saint Ambroise: direct line to Les Champs Elysées and Richard Lenoir). The appart is composed with two bedrooms (adults and children's one), one shiny and modern living room that can be changed in a second bedroom if needed, one kitchen, one bathroom and restroom. It is the 3d floor in a quite building (elevator available). We are a couple and we have a 3 years old son so this appartment is perfect for a couple with one child. In the 2nd room, we can also add a 2 people mattress. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils + internet. In the apartment there is also a washing machine (all in one 	Very Charming apartment located in Richard Lenoir, close to Bastille/Le Marais and République. It is perfect for couples with children wishing to stay in a typical Parisian neighborhood. The apartment is modern, quiet and kids-friendly. This apartment is a double room with an area of 78 square meters. It is located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris Richard Lenoir close to Bastille with all the pubs and the restaurants, near to Le Marais (Place Des Vosges, public parks, museums, the most stylist boutiques and outstanding restaurants and cafes). Two subway stations in the street (Saint Ambroise: direct line to Les Champs Elysées and Richard Lenoir). The appart is composed with two bedrooms (adults and children's one), one shiny and modern living room that can be changed in a second bedroom if needed, one kitchen, one bathroom and restroom. It is the 3d floor in a quite building (elevator available). We are a couple and we have a 3 years old son so this appartment is perfect for a coupl
27160	FABULOUS PARIS VIEW: big one bedroom appartment in the 11th district in PARIS, , 15 min stroll from bastille. a very big bedroom, with picture-window facing paris and every single monument: tour eiffel, notre-dame, montmartre, bastille, the flat has a balcony facing ouest (dramatic sunsets), with a table and 2 chairs , for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  it has a separate kitchen (with everything you need to cook) and a very large bathroom with a bathtub. Located on the 13th and last floor, with a lift of course, and no neighboor walking on your head, nor looking at you: very quiet,private, cosy and very romantic.  the area is great, away from tourist tracks, yet very convieniently linked to almost anywhere directly with the metro (5 different lines), and a direct bus (15 min) to BASTILLE/HOTEL DE VILLE/CHATELET/LOUVRE. the internet is wireless and high speed, and the very big TV has internationnal channels.  i have been travelling my whole life all over the world, and know about finding 	FABULOUS VIEW: quiet environement, near Bastille. 1 large bedroom, kitchen, bathroom-perfect for 2. Picture-window facing paris and every single monument: tour eiffel, notre-dame, montmartre, bastille, .... Balcony with table and chairs, sunsets! FABULOUS PARIS VIEW: big one bedroom appartment in the 11th district in PARIS, , 15 min stroll from bastille. a very big bedroom, with picture-window facing paris and every single monument: tour eiffel, notre-dame, montmartre, bastille, the flat has a balcony facing ouest (dramatic sunsets), with a table and 2 chairs , for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  it has a separate kitchen (with everything you need to cook) and a very large bathroom with a bathtub. Located on the 13th and last floor, with a lift of course, and no neighboor walking on your head, nor looking at you: very quiet,private, cosy and very romantic.  the area is great, away from tourist tracks, yet very convieniently linked to almost anywhere directly with the metro (5 different li
27161	The apartment is close to the Bastille, the Marais, the Republic and Oberkampf. There are many restaurants and bars to keep you entertained. You can make late runs in the neighborhood because there is a Monoprix open until 0:00am and a Casino open until 9:00pm and many grocer until 2:00am. There are many shops in the area. To move, you have the metro stations: Voltaire, Parmentier, Republic etc .... There is also a taxi stand, and a Vélib station Autolib. After an intense day of visit and stroll in Paris, the apartment is ideal for rest. It is so discreet and quiet in the morning you can be awakened by the sound of birds: A luxury in Paris ... 	Apartment ideal for couples. 45m2 hotel apartment style 2 charming rooms in Paris 11 , fully equipped , 5 minutes walk from Bastille, République and Oberkampf , popular and lively ; shops nearby The apartment is close to the Bastille, the Marais, the Republic and Oberkampf. There are many restaurants and bars to keep you entertained. You can make late runs in the neighborhood because there is a Monoprix open until 0:00am and a Casino open until 9:00pm and many grocer until 2:00am. There are many shops in the area. To move, you have the metro stations: Voltaire, Parmentier, Republic etc .... There is also a taxi stand, and a Vélib station Autolib. After an intense day of visit and stroll in Paris, the apartment is ideal for rest. It is so discreet and quiet in the morning you can be awakened by the sound of birds: A luxury in Paris ... Internet and WiFi  Owner near the accommodation (Even District - 10 minutes walk) Location: equal distance from the Metro St Ambroise, Rue St Maur Parmen
27162	Notre appartement vient just d'être rénové. Il est propre, calme, moderne, lumineux  et comprend tout ce dont vous auriez besoin pour dormir, vous laver et préparer un repas ou un petit déjeuner. Au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, à côté de la rue de la Roquette, de Bastille et à 10 minutes à pied du Marais et de la place des Vosges.	L'appartement est propre, calme (bonne insonorisation), moderne et lumineux. Au coeur du 11ème arr., à côté de la rue de la Roquette, de Bastille et à 10 minutes à pied du Marais et de la place des Vosges. Chambre (lit double 140) et sa salle de bain + WC sont au RDC, intimité totale garantie.   A l'étage: un salon, une cuisine, et chambre + sdb + WC de la colocataire (29 ans) De nombreux restaurants, cafés et marchés sont à proximité. Notre appartement vient just d'être rénové. Il est propre, calme, moderne, lumineux  et comprend tout ce dont vous auriez besoin pour dormir, vous laver et préparer un repas ou un petit déjeuner. Au coeur du 11ème arrondissement, à côté de la rue de la Roquette, de Bastille et à 10 minutes à pied du Marais et de la place des Vosges. Accès à la chambre, salle de bain (wc + douche). Salon et cuisine partagés avec la colocataire de 29 ans Je suis joignable 24/24h par mail ou téléphone. Le 11ème : meilleur quartier de Paris ! Bohême, artiste, festif et calme
27163	Mon studio est situé au fond d'une petite cour pavée et fleurie , dans le 12 eme arrondissement  , au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble charmant et sécurisé . Cosy avec des poutres apparentes , ce studio est idéal pour 2 personnes . Vous disposez donc d'un lit double , d'un canapé et d'une cuisine équipée .  Vous avez accès à la télévision avec un très grand nombre de chaines , ainsi qu'à internet et une connexion Wi Fi illimitée . Le prix comprend toutes les charges , les draps , les serviettes et mes petits conseils .  L'appartement est idéalement situé et très bien desservi , il se trouve a 10 min à pied de la Gare de Lyon ( 1 station de métro ) 10 min à pied de Bastille et Nation . Au pied du métro Faidherbe Chaligny ( ligne 8 ) qui vous amènerai au centre de Paris ( république , Opera , Grands Boulevards ... ) en moins de 10 min , et le métro Reuilly Diderot ( ligne 1 ) a 100m vous dirigera vers les quartiers animés de saint Paul , le marais , châtelet en quelques stations 	Ce studio est accueillant et douillet . Idéal pour 2 personnes , à 10 minutes à pied de bastille , au pied du métro 1 et 8 , à deux pas du fameux marché d'Aligre , ce studio de 30m2 est un véritable havre de paix , situé au fond d'une cour fleurie . Mon studio est situé au fond d'une petite cour pavée et fleurie , dans le 12 eme arrondissement  , au 3 eme étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble charmant et sécurisé . Cosy avec des poutres apparentes , ce studio est idéal pour 2 personnes . Vous disposez donc d'un lit double , d'un canapé et d'une cuisine équipée .  Vous avez accès à la télévision avec un très grand nombre de chaines , ainsi qu'à internet et une connexion Wi Fi illimitée . Le prix comprend toutes les charges , les draps , les serviettes et mes petits conseils .  L'appartement est idéalement situé et très bien desservi , il se trouve a 10 min à pied de la Gare de Lyon ( 1 station de métro ) 10 min à pied de Bastille et Nation . Au pied du métro Faidherbe Chaligny ( ligne 8 ) 
27164		Je vous propose mon studio lumineux, sans vis à vis, à 5 min à pied du Père Lachaise et 10 min à pied de Bastille. Il fait 17m², il y a un coin cuisine, et une salle de bain.
27165	Calme, lumineux, fonctionnel 	Bel appartement de 4 pièces sous les toits de Paris dans un endroit calme de Paris, près du métro RER Nation  Tres lumineux, dernier étage, ascenseur. Cuisine équipée, salon, salle à manger, 2 salles de bain, 3 chambres, 6 couchages + 2 lits d ap Calme, lumineux, fonctionnel salon salle à manger cuisine 2 salles de bain 3 chambres nation : quartier calme et proche de tout paris 3 min des métro et RER NATION
27166		" Deux-pièces  ,accueillant,peut loger deux personnes et central.     A tout le logement. Une fois par jour . le logement se situe entre Bastille , République et Père- Lachaise ,dont la fameuse rue de la Roquette et rue de Lappe .Avec sa boite de nuit mythique ""Le balajo"". La 9 St  Ambroise , la 5 Bréget Sabin et la1 Bastille."
27167		Une chambre à l'écart dans un 3 pièces avec cuisine, salle de douche et WV séparés. Welcome !
27168	I am renting out my bedroom with a particular bathroom and a private balcony with a wonderfull view of Paris.  The room has floor to ceiling windows, a double bed, a desk and big closets.  Only a couple minutes away from the Canal St Martin, the Marais an multiple French restaurants and markets (such as the Marche des Enfants Rouges) the apartment is ideally situated in the center of the most dynamic and trendy Parisian neighbourhoods.  The apartment is a 120m2 duplex on the fifth floor (with elevator), with 50m2 of terraces and balconies. Each room has its own terrace, complete with table and chairs - whatever the time of day you can enjoy the sun and fresh air ! The living room further boasts its own 30m2 terrace.  Entirely equipped kitchen with oven, dishwasher and washing machine. Along with the apartment, you'll get the use of a parking space in the building.	I am renting out my bedroom with a particular bathroom and a private balcony with a wonderfull view of Paris.  The room has floor to ceiling windows, a double bed, a desk and big closets.  Only a couple minutes away from the Canal St Martin, the Marais an multiple French restaurants and markets (such as the Marche des Enfants Rouges) the apartment is ideally situated in the center of the most dynamic and trendy Parisian neighbourhoods.  The apartment is a 120m2 duplex on the fifth floor (with elevator), with 50m2 of terraces and balconies. Each room has its own terrace, complete with table and chairs - whatever the time of day you can enjoy the sun and fresh air ! The living room further boasts its own 30m2 terrace.  Entirely equipped kitchen with oven, dishwasher and washing machine. Along with the apartment, you'll get the use of a parking space in the building.
27169	Guest room is 15M² with a window overlooking a very quiet street. It is full of art like all my place. Thanks for touching it with your eyes only :)	Your room will be private but you will share the bathroom which is en-suite with my bedroom. Toilets are separate. The kitchen is only available for breakfast (offered before 9:30am) but you can use the fridge to keep your drinks and snacks. Guest room is 15M² with a window overlooking a very quiet street. It is full of art like all my place. Thanks for touching it with your eyes only :) Time permitting I can show my guests around and anyway answer their questions and advise about their visit of Paris It is walking distance to many attractions of Paris. Very trendy and safe neighbourhood. From the apartment there are many metro lines and bus lines that can take you to everywhere in Paris and beyond. The place is gay friendly
27170	2-room apartment with 1 bedroom with the bathroom, 1 living room and 1 kitchen.  Available for 4 (2+2). A double bed for 2 and a convertible sofa for 2. Ideal place for a couple with or without children.  3rd floor, Lift	Calm and charming apartment. Lift A bedroom + bathroom, a living room with convertible sofa and a kitchen. Ideal for couple with children or not Bed for 2 + sofa for 2 All equiped, free wifi Central neighborhood with many shops Subway is 2min walk 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom with the bathroom, 1 living room and 1 kitchen.  Available for 4 (2+2). A double bed for 2 and a convertible sofa for 2. Ideal place for a couple with or without children.  3rd floor, Lift All equiped: washing machine, hoven, fridge, wifi The neighbourhood is dynamic and with lots of shop: bars, restaurants, bakeries... You can walk to Pere Lachaise cemetery (5min), Bastille and Canal St Martin (15min). Subway Line 2 and 9 Direct access to Montmartre, Arc de triomphe, Champs Elysées,  Printemps/Galeries Lafayette, Opéra Garnier, Nation Bus: direct access to Le Louvre, Le Marais, Place des Vosges, Orsay...
27171	My apartment is a beautiful Parisian apartment on the 5th floor without elevator of a beautiful stone building in Saint Ambroise's lively area close to the Haut Marais area. The apartment of 30 m2, completely renovated has an entrance, a living room with a double sofa bed (1m40 x 2m), a television flat screen 82 cm (32 inch), a DVD player, a dining-room table and 4 chairs. A bedroom with a real double bed (1m60 X 2m) giving onto a quiet courtyard. A fully-equipped kitchen with a fridge, 2 heating plates, a microwave, a washing machine, a toaster, a kettle and a Nespresso machine (do not forget your capsules) A bathroom with a shower and toilets. The apartment is full of light, quiet and gives onto a courtyard. The apartment is located in the Saint Ambroise's very pleasant district known for its small shops , bakery, cheese dairy, restaurants and Parisian bistros.  The apartments is close to Saint Ambroise subway station (line 9) that leads you to the Opera, the famous Parisian departme	Beautiful apartment right in the heart of the 11th district, in the Saint Ambroise's very Parisian district. The apartment is comfortable, quiet and bright. Its attractive renovation and the quality of its equipments are going to enchant your stay in My apartment is a beautiful Parisian apartment on the 5th floor without elevator of a beautiful stone building in Saint Ambroise's lively area close to the Haut Marais area. The apartment of 30 m2, completely renovated has an entrance, a living room with a double sofa bed (1m40 x 2m), a television flat screen 82 cm (32 inch), a DVD player, a dining-room table and 4 chairs. A bedroom with a real double bed (1m60 X 2m) giving onto a quiet courtyard. A fully-equipped kitchen with a fridge, 2 heating plates, a microwave, a washing machine, a toaster, a kettle and a Nespresso machine (do not forget your capsules) A bathroom with a shower and toilets. The apartment is full of light, quiet and gives onto a courtyard. The apartment is located in t
27172	AVAILABLE  FOR GIRLS ONLY ! Thank you! :) Hello my future guest! I'd like to offer you a place in my studio for your holidays. This is the little cosy studio with a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower and very beautiful sunset sky.  Attention!!! Studio is to share with me (because I live there). SO I ACCEPT ONLY GIRLS! Thank you. In the studio you have everything you need for your comfort. The shower is in the room (you can see it on photo), there is a shower screen to feel comfortable ! Studio is on the 6th floor without elevator. Very useful for your legs and ass! Little discomfort - shared toilette in the hallway (just in front of the studio). The neighborhood is very quite and nice, no noise in the night, no strange smells.  The quarter is very lively, there are plenty of bars and restaurants around. The open air market is in 2 steps of the house that offers fresh fruits and vegetables two times a week. There are two metro stations nearby, bus station and Velib in front of the house	AVAILABLE  FOR GIRLS ONLY ! Thank you! :) Hello my future guest! I'd like to offer you a place in my studio for your holidays. This is the little cosy studio with a wonderful view on the Eiffel Tower and very beautiful sunset sky.  Attention!!! Studio is to share with me (because I live there). SO I ACCEPT ONLY GIRLS! Thank you. In the studio you have everything you need for your comfort. The shower is in the room (you can see it on photo), there is a shower screen to feel comfortable ! Studio is on the 6th floor without elevator. Very useful for your legs and ass! Little discomfort - shared toilette in the hallway (just in front of the studio). The neighborhood is very quite and nice, no noise in the night, no strange smells.  The quarter is very lively, there are plenty of bars and restaurants around. The open air market is in 2 steps of the house that offers fresh fruits and vegetables two times a week. There are two metro stations nearby, bus station and Velib in front of the house
27173	Le charme de cet appartement parisien au 3eme étage de 69m2 correspondra parfaitement à une famille avec un enfant en bas âge ou à un couple en weekend romantique dans la capitale parisienne. Cet appartement de 3 pièces vous charmera par son salon lumineux avec poutres apparentes, parquet, tomette, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte equipée. Le salon  dispose d'une belle vue sur une cour calme, pavée et arborée très parisienne. 2 chambres atypiques: une suite parentale de 15m2 communicante avec une chambre d enfant. Pas de location longue duree... 2 semaines maximum.	"Charmant appartement 3 pièces typiquement paris: poutre apparente, sol parquet et tomette situé dans le quartier très "" branché"" de Faidherbe Chaligny, dans le 11eme arrondissement. 2 Chambres, SBD baignoire, tout équipé, internet et électroménager Le charme de cet appartement parisien au 3eme étage de 69m2 correspondra parfaitement à une famille avec un enfant en bas âge ou à un couple en weekend romantique dans la capitale parisienne. Cet appartement de 3 pièces vous charmera par son salon lumineux avec poutres apparentes, parquet, tomette, avec une cuisine américaine ouverte equipée. Le salon  dispose d'une belle vue sur une cour calme, pavée et arborée très parisienne. 2 chambres atypiques: une suite parentale de 15m2 communicante avec une chambre d enfant. Pas de location longue duree... 2 semaines maximum. Internet DVD  tv ecran plat 132cm sélection de dvd et de libre cuisine équipée: four, plaque induction, hotte, lave vaisselle, micro onde, bouilloire a eau, toaster Lave linge,"
27174	Perfect for resting after party or work, listening to music (ampli speakers record player), accessing Internet, cooking (fully equipped kitchen, Senseo coffe machine), cuddling (comfortable bed), taking a bath or wash clothes. A third person can sleep on the couch. 5' to line 3 Parmentier and line 2 Couronnes metro stations.	Very calm and comfy flat in a central and lively neighborhood (bars and restaurants), 5' to line 2 and 3 metro stations. Separate fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub. Record player.    Perfect for resting after party or work, listening to music (ampli speakers record player), accessing Internet, cooking (fully equipped kitchen, Senseo coffe machine), cuddling (comfortable bed), taking a bath or wash clothes. A third person can sleep on the couch. 5' to line 3 Parmentier and line 2 Couronnes metro stations. I'll be glad to give any advices to help you fully enjoy your stay in Paris :) Lots of bars and restaurants ! Near Père Lachaise, Menilmontant, Belleville, Canal Saint Martin. 5' to line 3 Parmentier and line 2 Couronnes metro stations. 10' to Goncourt (line 11)
27175	Appartement T2 - à Paris 11ème, 2min à pied de Métro Ménilmontant (2) ou Rue Saint Maur (3) - Internet compris  ENGLISH SPEAKING IF NEEDED Très bien agencé et joliment meublé, cet appartement rendra votre séjour confortable et chaleureux dans la ville Lumière! Superficie :  2 pièces  Accès : ascenseur / elevator Immeuble sur cours (lumineux) ce qui garantit votre tranquillité dans un quartier (website hidden) Wifi  Draps pour le lit / Sheets Frigo / Fridge Essentiel de cuisine. Métro 2min à pieds Pour plus d'infos, contactez moi!  For further information, feel free to contact me. A bientôt / See you soon ! See you:) Catheline Les voyageurs ont accès à tout dans l'appartement 	Cosy apartment full equipped close to Ménilmontant (line 2) and Rue Saint Maur (line 3) 
27176	Between Parmentier and Goncourt, a few steps away from Place de la République and Canal St Martin. This is a sunny two rooms 30sq m apartment located on the 5th floor of a building with a large and calm view on Parisian rooftops typically Parisian. Furnitures are vintage mainly from 50s, 60s for a cosy atmosphere. The floor in the bedroom is made with typical french floor-tiles while it is made of polished concrete in the living-room. This mix of modern and vintage should make you feel right at home! The flat is fully-equipped and you should not find yourself missing on anything with its washing machine, micro wave, oven, blender, iron, ceramic glass cooktop, toaster, waffle maker, xBox, hair-dryer, Internet, TV, etc. One of the greatest perks of all is its location. The neighborhood is really lively.  During the daytime you can treat yourself whether you're looking for gourmet venues, designer shops or just for great places to chill. Some ideas: rue Bichat for the foodistas, rue de Ma	Between Parmentier and Goncourt, a few steps away from Place de la République and Canal St Martin. This is a sunny two rooms 30sq m apartment located on the 5th floor of a building with a large and calm view on Parisian rooftops typically Parisian. Furnitures are vintage mainly from 50s, 60s for a cosy atmosphere. The floor in the bedroom is made with typical french floor-tiles while it is made of polished concrete in the living-room. This mix of modern and vintage should make you feel right at home! The flat is fully-equipped and you should not find yourself missing on anything with its washing machine, micro wave, oven, blender, iron, ceramic glass cooktop, toaster, waffle maker, xBox, hair-dryer, Internet, TV, etc. One of the greatest perks of all is its location. The neighborhood is really lively.  During the daytime you can treat yourself whether you're looking for gourmet venues, designer shops or just for great places to chill. Some ideas: rue Bichat for the foodistas, rue de Ma
27177	     Loft on the last 2 floors in a 4 floors building.        The apartment has the exceptional advantage in Paris to be very sunny (crossing North/South) and quiet (in a traficless alley).        It was completely refurbished 3 years ago in a personal style between the New York loft (brick and iron beams), design with stainless steel, wooden floor and furniture in exotic wood and Parisian old style with its oak beams and the attic under the roof.        At the lower level  : a large main room including a living and a dining space (with a folding dinning table), a kitchen (lacquered white furniture) fully equipped, a laundry room and a WC. The upper level includes a bathroom with Italian shower, a large office space, a WC and 2 bedrooms (one with a 180cm mattress and the other with a 140cm including a confortable mattress overlay).      The apartment is always tidy for I am a very orderly person. It contains 2 large TVs.              It's located between the place de La Bastille and th	     Loft on the last 2 floors in a 4 floors building.        The apartment has the exceptional advantage in Paris to be very sunny (crossing North/South) and quiet (in a traficless alley).        It was completely refurbished 3 years ago in a personal style between the New York loft (brick and iron beams), design with stainless steel, wooden floor and furniture in exotic wood and Parisian old style with its oak beams and the attic under the roof.        At the lower level  : a large main room including a living and a dining space (with a folding dinning table), a kitchen (lacquered white furniture) fully equipped, a laundry room and a WC. The upper level includes a bathroom with Italian shower, a large office space, a WC and 2 bedrooms (one with a 180cm mattress and the other with a 140cm including a confortable mattress overlay).      The apartment is always tidy for I am a very orderly person. It contains 2 large TVs.              It's located between the place de La Bastille and th
27178	Mon appartement pour être loué entièrement (4 pièces (2 chambre, un salon/cuisine, un bureau/pièce tv) ou une chambre seule. C.est un première étage, situé dans une impasse, au calme.	Grand appartement (4 pièces), situé à Faidherbe- Chaligny, entre Bastille et Nation, proche marché d'Aligre, dans une impasse calme, au coeur d'un quartier commerçant (shopping, nombreux restaurants et cafés, métro et bus à proximité immédiate). Mon appartement pour être loué entièrement (4 pièces (2 chambre, un salon/cuisine, un bureau/pièce tv) ou une chambre seule. C.est un première étage, situé dans une impasse, au calme. Il est interdit de fumer dans l'appartement. Les animaux ne sont pas acceptes. 
27179		Appartment 3 rooms and 2 bedrooms in Bastille, steps away from Marais and city best shopping, restaurants, and sightseeing. Wifi, full kitchen, queen sized bed, second couch for two. Great view from the balcony. Bastille Market twice a week. Wifi, TV, fully equipped kitchen, highchair, crib, elevator, balcony. Enjoy one of the biggest markets in Paris just across the street ! Marché Bastille's food stalls sprawl up the Boulevard Richard Lenoir twice a week (Thursday and sunday) – it's a particularly great source of fresh fruits and vegetables, local cheeses from french local producers, sausages, olives, free range chicken and excellent fish. Many restaurants and bars steps away from the appartment.  Neighborhood : a walk packed with things to do : old passages near the Bastille, Opera, Arsenal Port, Place des Vosges and mansions of the Marais, the Picasso Museum, Carreau du Temple, Aligre Market, .... In short, there’s no time to get bored M1 BASTILLE  M8 BASTILLE  M5 BASTILLE Check in
27180	Calme , mignon , on s'y sent ,je crois et j'espère, assez vite à l'aise.	Charmant appartement très lumineux et Calme pour 4 à 8 personnes au plein cœur de Paris.  Cet appartement de 72m² en duplex est  situé rue de La Roquette entre les métro Voltaire et Bastille dans un quartier commerçant et vivant . Au 1er étage Calme , mignon , on s'y sent ,je crois et j'espère, assez vite à l'aise. C'est un quartier central , très animé, avec theatre , commerces et nombreux bars et restaurants. Le métro est à 200 mètres et une ligne de bus à 40 mètres
27181	C'est un petit logement de 18 m2 idéal pour un court séjour sur Paris pour deux personnes. Il est très fonctionnel et très cosy.	J'aime cet appartement pour son cadre. En plein coeur de Paris, où le marais, Bastille, le Canal Saint Martin sont à deux pas. Mon Studio est cosy, lumineux et calme car il donne sur une cour. on peut vivre les folies de Paris et dormir au calme ! C'est un petit logement de 18 m2 idéal pour un court séjour sur Paris pour deux personnes. Il est très fonctionnel et très cosy. Vous avez deux stations à proximité: Saint ambroise sur la ligne 9 et Richard Lenoir sur la ligne 5. Je ne suis pas native de Paris mais je connais suffisamment quelques endroits pour vous donner des conseils et faciliter votre séjour dans cette superbe ville La rue de mon appartement est très calme mais est à quelques pas des rues animées de la place de la Bastille ou de Saint Paul. A quelques mètres vous avez également le quartier d'Oberkampf et de la République avec tous les bars et restaurants. Le weekend vous avez également un marché sur le vert Boulevard Richard Lenoir Le plus proche: Ligne 9 arret Saint Ambro
27182		Joli studio, chaleureux avec briques apparentes, vrai lit deux places, cuisine et salle d'eau modernes.  Avantages: Proche du métro Goncourt/République, situé au premier étage, avec des commerces à proximité. Studio refait à neuf. Machine à café et capsules Nespresso.  Inconvénients: immeuble assez vieux, voisin un peu bruyant la journée.  Je tiens un carnet ou je note quelques adresses de bar et restaurent dans le quartier et des indications détaillés pour faire un tour de Paris en vélo et voir les plus joli endroits en 1 jour. Je laisse ce carnet à la disposition de ceux qui en ont besoin, contre bon soins.  3 minutes du métro Goncourt ligne 11, 5 min du métro Belleville ligne 11 et 2, 10 minutes du métro Oberkampf ligne 3 Parking gratuit dans ma rue de jour comme de nuit.  Free parking night and day in my street.
27183	"This Studio is located on a first floor and there is no problem with noise because the street is very quiet.  There is no washing machine but you can find a ""Laverie"" 100m away. Very bright and spacious can comfortably hold up to 3 guests."	"A very modern and high end Studio for a couple to enjoy a romantic stay in Paris or a single person who comes for work and play. This Studio is located on a first floor and there is no problem with noise because the street is very quiet.  There is no washing machine but you can find a ""Laverie"" 100m away. Very bright and spacious can comfortably hold up to 3 guests. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your passport is"
27184	2 room apartment in a Parisian style building with wooden floor and a fireplace. The apartment is cosy, clean and calm. It is configured with a lobby, a living room, a bedroom, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with toilets and an Italian style shower. There is also a balcony with a table and 2 chairs so that you can eat outside when the weather is sunny. You can also relax on a deckchair. You can find several stores in the surrounding (organic grocery store, supermarkets). There's the metro station Philippe Auguste (Line 2) down the building which leads you to the center (Les Halles or Hotel de Ville) within 15 minutes. Walk for 5 minutes and enter the Pere Lachaise cemetery to see the tombs famous artists such as Oscar Wilde, Jim Morrison, Molière, Balzac, etc.	2 room apartment in a Parisian style building with wooden floor and a fireplace. The apartment is cosy, clean and calm. 5th floor with a nice view and a large balcony where you can have a coffee 2 room apartment in a Parisian style building with wooden floor and a fireplace. The apartment is cosy, clean and calm. It is configured with a lobby, a living room, a bedroom, a separate kitchen and a bathroom with toilets and an Italian style shower. There is also a balcony with a table and 2 chairs so that you can eat outside when the weather is sunny. You can also relax on a deckchair. You can find several stores in the surrounding (organic grocery store, supermarkets). There's the metro station Philippe Auguste (Line 2) down the building which leads you to the center (Les Halles or Hotel de Ville) within 15 minutes. Walk for 5 minutes and enter the Pere Lachaise cemetery to see the tombs famous artists such as Oscar Wilde, Jim Morrison, Molière, Balzac, etc.
27185	L'appartement est constitué d’un grand salon de 30m2 avec un canapé-lit pour deux personnes et de 2 chambres avec lit double, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain et toilettes séparés. Il est situé en double exposition Est-Ouest. Le salon et une des chambres donnent sur un très grand balcon très ensoleillé le matin (idéal pour le petit déjeuner avant de parcourir la ville !)  L’appartement se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur (4 appartements par étage). Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. L’appartement est très bien équipé : - TV , internet, WIFI - Equipement cuisine : Plaques induction, four, réfrigérateur, micro ondes, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. La résidence est constituée de trois bâtiments de cinq étages seulement et de maisons de ville, elle offre une grande sécurité particulièrement pour les enfants. 	En plein coeur du 11ème arrondissement, Bd Voltaire près de Bastille. Notre appartement de  trois pièces de 80 m2, est situé au centre d’une résidence récente et très calme dans un cadre verdoyant.  L'appartement est constitué d’un grand salon de 30m2 avec un canapé-lit pour deux personnes et de 2 chambres avec lit double, d’une cuisine, d’une salle de bain et toilettes séparés. Il est situé en double exposition Est-Ouest. Le salon et une des chambres donnent sur un très grand balcon très ensoleillé le matin (idéal pour le petit déjeuner avant de parcourir la ville !)  L’appartement se situe au deuxième étage avec ascenseur (4 appartements par étage). Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes. L’appartement est très bien équipé : - TV , internet, WIFI - Equipement cuisine : Plaques induction, four, réfrigérateur, micro ondes, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. La résidence est constituée de trois bâtiments de cinq étages seulement et de maisons de ville, elle offre une grande sécurité particuliè
27186	Ce studio rénové récemment est très calme car sur cour et est situé dans un lottissement charmant au coeur du quartier Oberkampf-Maison des Métallos. Il est très pratique et bien agencé.	Ce studio rénové récemment est très calme car sur cour et est situé dans un lottissement charmant au coeur du quartier Oberkampf-Maison des Métallos. Il est très pratique et bien agencé. Le studio comprend une petite cuisine avec un joli bar américain, un bureau, un canapé lit, une bibliothèque avec chaîne hi-fi, et des rangements. La salle de bain comprend une douche et des WC. Je peux avec plaisir faire visiter le quartier, indiquer les endroits sympas pour boire un verre, manger, sortir etc. Je serai à Paris jusqu'au 12 février et, ensuite, des proches prendront le relais pour communiquer avec vous Mon quartier est très bien situé car il est à la fois près de République, de Belleville, de Saint-Maur et du Canal Saint Martin. C'est un des quartiers les plus animés et les moins chers de Paris pour sortir et aller au restaurant. Tous les commerces de proximité y sont présents et le marché de Belleville se tient les mardi et vendredi, à deux minutes de chez moi. Le studio est très facil
27187	L'entrée dessert une cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec toilette et douche, un dressing, et une grande pièce principale avec un lit 2 places en mezzanine et canapé convertible 2 places.	Studio de 30m2 au 1er étage d'un immeuble ancien. Très bien situé au pied du métro rue des (website hidden) tranquille du 11ème, entre Nation et  Bastille! Idéal pour 2 personnes, peut accueillir jusque 4 personnes. L'entrée dessert une cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, une salle de bain avec toilette et douche, un dressing, et une grande pièce principale avec un lit 2 places en mezzanine et canapé convertible 2 places. Appartement proche de la place de la Nation (accès rapide et direct Paris centre et gares),et à seulement quelques minutes à pied des quartiers plus actifs (Charonne, Bastille, Faidherbe Chaligny) N'hésitez pas à me contacter avant d'effectuer une réservation Appartement proche de la place de la Nation (accès rapide et direct Paris centre et gares),et à seulement quelques minutes à pied des quartiers plus actifs (Charonne, Bastille, Faidherbe Chaligny)  Nombreux petits commerces, boutiques, restaurants, bars, supermarchés, ... dans un rayon de 5/10mn à pied. Au pied 
27188		3 rooms (2 bedrooms) in the center of Paris, 5 min to the metro Menilmontant or Rue Saint Maur. With a clever arrangement, a fully functional kitchen, a bathroom, internet access. Can host up to 5 people (same price for 1 or 5) Very quite.
27189	Very charming apartment with two bedrooms ad one living room, open view in all rooms	"Quiet and cosy 2 bedroom apt with an open outlook. The apartment is on the 4th floor with no lift. Located between Saint Ambroise and Parmentier (metro), 15 minutes walk from the ""place des vosges"" (Marais), close to Oberkampf area Very charming apartment with two bedrooms ad one living room, open view in all rooms We would be pleased to give you real local and trendy nightlife places in the area and other areas in Paris  English, French, Italian and German speaking Our neighborhood is just out of the noise of the center but still only a 5-min walk. There you can have a drink or enjoy a nice restaurant in Oberkampf and lovely places and bars around square Maurice Gardette and Le Marais and Bastille are very near by Close to metroline 3 (Parmentier), 9 (Saint Ambroise and Oberkampf) and 5 (Oberkampf)"
27190	Sunny and quiet 33m2 apartment in the 7th floor (with lift) of a typically parisian building from the 20's. Perfect for a couple looking for a confortable base to explore Paris. It's also great if you're in Paris for professional reasons and need a quiet place with space to work.	Beautiful flat with a view in the center of Paris. Fully furnished, very clean, great light, eat-in kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub. Close to all you can find in the most vibrant neighborhood of Paris. Sunny and quiet 33m2 apartment in the 7th floor (with lift) of a typically parisian building from the 20's. Perfect for a couple looking for a confortable base to explore Paris. It's also great if you're in Paris for professional reasons and need a quiet place with space to work. - The entire studio will be yours for the time of your stay.  - The room has a real bed, a big desk and a closet for you to use - The eat-in kitchen is equipped - The bathroom has a washing machine and a bathtub - high speed optical fiber Internet connection.  - There's an elevator to lift you to the 7th floor.   I'm always available for help or anything. I'll be happy to give you advices on places to visits, nice bars or restaurants to go to, etc. From a 5 to 10 minutes walking distance, you can join the mo
27191		A very nice room next to Bastille and the Marais with a wonderful view on the Sacré Coeur. Everything is available by the apartment : Bars, Restaurants, Opera... Bastille station is down-town Paris, THE place to be to spend here a week-end to visit Paris !
27192	Ideally located in a quiet street in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, this apartment is very bright and comfortable. Ideal for a couple, it consists of a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa and open kitchen.	Ideally located in a quiet street in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, this apartment is very bright and comfortable. Ideal for a couple, it consists of a bedroom with a double bed and a living room with a sofa and open kitchen. The apartment is fully equipped: - TV - Internet (wifi) - Fridge / Freezer - Washing machine - Dishes - Hair dryer - Bath towels - Sheets - Heating By email/phone. My area is very lively, with lots of little shops nearby, various restaurants (Italian, Lebanese, French, Afghanistan ...) and nice bars. A monop is 2min from the apartment and is open Sunday morning and every day until midnight. From CDG: - Taxi (budget around 60€) - Roissy bus (budget around 20€ - to Opéra, then metro line 3 until Rue St Maur) - Air France bus (line 4 to Gare de Lyon, then 61 bus stop Voltaire-Leon Blum) Subway lines nearby: - Line 3 Rue St Maur (5min) - to go to République, le Marais, Grands Magasins ... - St Ambroise line 9 (7min) - to go to Grands Boulevards, Champs Elysees ... 
27193	"Hello, travel lovers, who will stay in Paris! My home is located at Place de la Nation (Paris 11th arrondissement), near Bastille, Place des Vosges and Père Lachaise. In an old building on the 4th floor (without elevator), typical Parisian 19th century style flat, with high ceilings, moldings and flooring, is ideal to accommodate 2 or 3 people who want to visit Paris and feel like at home! One of the great benefits of my apartment is its location and the public transports. Located 50 meters from the subway station ""NATION"", many metro lines and the RER A, will transport you quickly to lots of areas in Paris.  Taking the line 1, it takes 10 minutes to reach the stations ""Louvre Rivoli"", ""Chatelet"" or ""Hôtel de Ville"", the heart of the capital. Also, even if your flight arrives at Charles de Gaulle Airport or Orly, you can join the flat with the public transports easily (it takes at least 1 hour). Shopping: You will find around the flat (200 yards at most), all the shops you could need: "	"Hello, travel lovers, who will stay in Paris! My home is located at Place de la Nation (Paris 11th arrondissement), near Bastille, Place des Vosges and Père Lachaise. In an old building on the 4th floor (without elevator), typical Parisian 19th century style flat, with high ceilings, moldings and flooring, is ideal to accommodate 2 or 3 people who want to visit Paris and feel like at home! One of the great benefits of my apartment is its location and the public transports. Located 50 meters from the subway station ""NATION"", many metro lines and the RER A, will transport you quickly to lots of areas in Paris.  Taking the line 1, it takes 10 minutes to reach the stations ""Louvre Rivoli"", ""Chatelet"" or ""Hôtel de Ville"", the heart of the capital. Also, even if your flight arrives at Charles de Gaulle Airport or Orly, you can join the flat with the public transports easily (it takes at least 1 hour). Shopping: You will find around the flat (200 yards at most), all the shops you could need: "
27194		Charmant petit appartement parisien parfaitement équipé, décoration plutôt design, avec salon et coin repas, petit espace nuit intime. A 5 minutes à pied de république et du canal st martin et/ou rue Saint-Maur quartier très animé et recherché. Au cœur des bars, restos, et promenades....  Le centre de Paris se trouve à 20 minutes de marche de l'appartement. Facile d'accès, il y a 3 lignes de métro à proximité.
27195	Une grande cuisine séparée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, des volets, un accès au jardin directement par la pièce principale.	Studio 30m2 spacieux pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Proche du métro, de restaurants et de toutes commodités. Jolie vue sur le jardin et très calme, mon appartement vous apportera tout le confort dont vous aurez besoin. Cuisine et salle de bain séparées. Parfait pour visiter Paris. Une grande cuisine séparée, une salle de bain avec baignoire, des volets, un accès au jardin directement par la pièce principale. Un quartier très vivant avec pleins de restaurants du monde entier, des bars, des cinéma, théâtre, supermarchés, location de vélos, .... Métro ligne 1, 8, 9 et 14 à proximité (5 minutes)
27196	Central apartment Paris 11th 90m ² for 8 people. Paris 11ème - Nation. Nation neighborhood conveniently located apartment of 90 m2 standing on the 8th and last floor for 8 people :  large living room, kitchen and large balcony with beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Quiet and bright. 1 big living-room, 2 bedrooms, 1 big entry with sofa bed, 2 bathrooms, 1 toilet, dressing.  Parking.  Guardian. Bedding: 2 double beds, 2 sofa beds and 2 single beds. Equipment :  wi-fi, washing machine, dryer and dishwasher. Sheets are included but not towels (for logistical reasons). Great appartment, very well located, an area full of restaurants, markets, and bars of all kinds and for all tastes. Well served : 4 Metro stations and RER A Disneyland linking the business district La Défense. Easy access to the Père Lachaise cemetery, and the center of Paris is connected in less than 10 minutes by public transport. For attractions, everything is easy to access :  - Cemetery Père Lachaise (by walk) 	Central apartment Paris 11th 90m ² for 8 people. Paris 11ème - Nation. Nation neighborhood conveniently located apartment of 90 m2 standing on the 8th and last floor for 8 people :  large living room, kitchen and large balcony with beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris. Quiet and bright. 1 big living-room, 2 bedrooms, 1 big entry with sofa bed, 2 bathrooms, 1 toilet, dressing.  Parking.  Guardian. Bedding: 2 double beds, 2 sofa beds and 2 single beds. Equipment :  wi-fi, washing machine, dryer and dishwasher. Sheets are included but not towels (for logistical reasons). Great appartment, very well located, an area full of restaurants, markets, and bars of all kinds and for all tastes. Well served : 4 Metro stations and RER A Disneyland linking the business district La Défense. Easy access to the Père Lachaise cemetery, and the center of Paris is connected in less than 10 minutes by public transport. For attractions, everything is easy to access :  - Cemetery Père Lachaise (by walk) 
27197	Le logement est entièrement disponible et peut être louer sur un total de 18 nuits à compter du Jeudi 7 mai au Dimanche 24 mai. Appartement est un 3 pièces de 65m2, situé au dernier étage (2 ascenseurs) et au calme d'un immeuble de standing dans un environnement composé de grandes cours arborées. Il bénéficie d'un balcon filant avec une petite vue sur le Sacré Coeur. Il y a deux chambres, une avec un lit double et une autre avec un grand futon.	Pour les voyageurs en couple qui sont à la recherche d'un nid douillet ou bien en famille. Appartement confortable dans le quartier Oberkampf à proximité du Marais. Au calme et sans vis à vis, il vous séduira avec son balcon fleuri et sa vue dégagée. Le logement est entièrement disponible et peut être louer sur un total de 18 nuits à compter du Jeudi 7 mai au Dimanche 24 mai. Appartement est un 3 pièces de 65m2, situé au dernier étage (2 ascenseurs) et au calme d'un immeuble de standing dans un environnement composé de grandes cours arborées. Il bénéficie d'un balcon filant avec une petite vue sur le Sacré Coeur. Il y a deux chambres, une avec un lit double et une autre avec un grand futon. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée avec lave vaisselle, d'une connexion wifi et d'un balcon aménagé où il fait bon de prendre le soleil autour d'un verre ou d'un repas. Je pars le matin du 7 mai aux Etats Unis. Une personne accueillera les voyageurs pour leur remettre les clés et sera joignable par té
27198		Quiet and bright studio appartment, close to the lively areas of Charonne and Bastille. Perfect for a couple visiting Paris, plenty of bars and restaurants nearby in this up-and-coming area. Well connected,  2 minutes from the Metro subway. You can cook if you wish, but you'll have more fun trying the numerous restaurants in this lively area I am reachable on my mobile
27199	"Je travaille en province. Je propose une CHAMBRE PRIVEE A L'ANNEE  POUR VOUS 1 OU 2 PERSONNES ET MON APPARTEMENT A TEMPS PARTAGÉ POUR VOUS  SEUL(E) OU EN COUPLE : Appartement  50m2  typiquement Parisien de 3 pièces  composé de 2 chambres doubles et un séjour. Cuisine toute équipée.  Petite salle de bain avec sèche (website hidden) écran plat, Wifi, hifi, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle. Bibliothèque. Piano.  Charme de l'ancien, parquet de chêne, moulures, cheminées. Lumineux, calme donnant côté cour et sur une petite rue au 1er étage. Proche à 5 mn  métro "" rue saint maur"", ""Père Lachaise"" et Bus 61, 69, 96. Quartier branché Oberkampf, Cimetière  Père  Lachaise. Joli Parc. A  15 mn Paris Notre Dame, Sacré Coeur. Commerces de proximité.  Location vélo ""velib"" et voiture ""autolib"". Parking souterrain payant  possible."	"UNE JOLIE CHAMBRE PRIVEE A L'ANNEE, ET L'APPART ENTIER POUR VOUS SEUL! À TEMPS PARTAGÉ: l'autre chambre me sert sur quelques jours par mois. 3 pièces.11E.Oberkampf/Père Lachaise.M° Rue St Maur. SALON CUISINE ÉQUIPÉE.SALLE DE BAIN TV+WIFI+HIFI+PIANO. Je travaille en province. Je propose une CHAMBRE PRIVEE A L'ANNEE  POUR VOUS 1 OU 2 PERSONNES ET MON APPARTEMENT A TEMPS PARTAGÉ POUR VOUS  SEUL(E) OU EN COUPLE : Appartement  50m2  typiquement Parisien de 3 pièces  composé de 2 chambres doubles et un séjour. Cuisine toute équipée.  Petite salle de bain avec sèche (website hidden) écran plat, Wifi, hifi, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle. Bibliothèque. Piano.  Charme de l'ancien, parquet de chêne, moulures, cheminées. Lumineux, calme donnant côté cour et sur une petite rue au 1er étage. Proche à 5 mn  métro "" rue saint maur"", ""Père Lachaise"" et Bus 61, 69, 96. Quartier branché Oberkampf, Cimetière  Père  Lachaise. Joli Parc. A  15 mn Paris Notre Dame, Sacré Coeur. Commerces de proximi"
27200	Sa situation en plein coeur de Paris dans le 11 ème arrondissement à une minute du métro St Ambroise et Richard Lenoir.  Au carrefour de Bastille, République et Oberkampf, à 5 minutes à pied, du Marais.	Venez posez vos valises dans ce joli petit appartement cosy, idéalement agencé au coeur de Paris, situé entre Bastille et République à 5 minutes du Marais dans une résidence sécurisée, équipé de tout le confort nécessaire (Net, TV, four, lit, bain). Sa situation en plein coeur de Paris dans le 11 ème arrondissement à une minute du métro St Ambroise et Richard Lenoir.  Au carrefour de Bastille, République et Oberkampf, à 5 minutes à pied, du Marais. code wifi lussiana : (phone number hidden) je suis là pour le remise des clés et donné les explications à fournir sur le logement, je reste en contact pendant le séjour par message sur airbnb ou bien par texto sur téléphone mobile. Le marché 2fois/sem. Sa proximité avec l'ensemble des autres quartiers typiques de Paris : le Marais, place de La Bastille, place de La République... Métro St Ambroise ligne 9 et Richard Lenoir ligne 5 possibilité d'une couchette en plus sur petit canapé dans la cuisine (voir photos)
27201	My flat is spacious and offers you an access to a very fast Internet, and TV programs by satellite. For the gamers, there is a PS4 too ! Moreover there is a balcony to have your breakfast in front of the sun !	My place offers you one spacious bedroom with a bed for 2. There is a huge sofa in the living room where you can enjoy a big LED HDTV with its home cinema and its PS4 entertainment system. There's a high speed internet connection as well. My flat is spacious and offers you an access to a very fast Internet, and TV programs by satellite. For the gamers, there is a PS4 too ! Moreover there is a balcony to have your breakfast in front of the sun ! The entire place is available, and an access to a private parking as well (with surcharge 10€ / day). I am reachable by phone, if necessary. I understand and speak english if necessary. My district is very appreciated by the parisians, for its proximity with the activities (best restaurants, nightclubs, and lounge bars). All this places are reachable by walk ! 2 underground lines : line 9 (to Republique, Opera, Lafayette, champs aliases) and line 2 (Père Lachaise, Pigalle, Batignolles and champs elysées). 1 bus : 76 to Bastille, Marais Quarter a
27202		Apartment 2 rooms very bright 34m² comprising 1 living with 1 convertible 2 places + 1 extra bed 1 place, 1 room with a bed for 2, kitchen, bathroom. Close to the metro Alexandre Dumas (500m) and shops.
27203	Nice flat for two people, very well located near many popular neighborhoods : Bastille, Le Marais, Voltaire, République, Oberkampf. This 36m²  bright flat has one spacious bedroom, a cosy living room, a fonctionnal kitchen and a bathroom. Special view from the living room and bedroom on the Saint Ambroise Church and on the roofs of Paris. Quiet neighbors. Safe building with two codes entry.  	Lovely flat for two people in the center of Paris. Nice flat for two people, very well located near many popular neighborhoods : Bastille, Le Marais, Voltaire, République, Oberkampf. This 36m²  bright flat has one spacious bedroom, a cosy living room, a fonctionnal kitchen and a bathroom. Special view from the living room and bedroom on the Saint Ambroise Church and on the roofs of Paris. Quiet neighbors. Safe building with two codes entry.   Bed sheets and towels are provided. You can also use Free WIFI.  We can exchange by mail or phone. Our flat is located in an animated neighborhood. A lot of restaurants, bars and shops. You will find all you need near our place ! Metro stations at 5 minutes by feet (line 9, 5, 1, 8). There is also a Velib (bike) station in the street. The second bed is a high qualité air mattress.
27204		Charmant deux pièces calme de 35m2 près de Bastille, dans quartier vivant et animé avec de nombres commerces à proximité et transports Métro, vélib, autolib.
27205	PLEASE CHECK IF THE APARTMENT IS AVAILABLE AT YOUR REQUESTED DATES BEFORE SENDING MESSAGE THE APARTMENT  Typically Parisian, 1 bedroom, 45m², renovated, calm, sunny in a beautiful building from 1900’s The apartment is located on the fifth floor with no elevator, it has double exposition with a big living room, an American kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, oven, induction plate, fridge and freezer). Three big windows in the living room and kitchen with a continuous balcony. The living room includes a big sofa that transforms easily into a comfy two persons bed, a piano, an ipod player and a plasma TV. Lots of books (in French), magazines, wifi connection included in the apartment (BroadBand Access 20M unlimited ADSL, wire and wireless). The windows are double-glazed so the apartment is very quiet. The bathroom has an Italian style shower, it is modern and functional, with a sink and WC.  The bedroom has a very nice light for sunset, it’s very calm because it gives on the courtyard,	Typically parisian apartment renovated with style. Easy access to subway and bus lines. 1 separate bedroom. Calm, 5th floor with no elevator. Enjoy its american kitchen and its balcony with sun all day long. PLEASE CHECK IF THE APARTMENT IS AVAILABLE AT YOUR REQUESTED DATES BEFORE SENDING MESSAGE THE APARTMENT  Typically Parisian, 1 bedroom, 45m², renovated, calm, sunny in a beautiful building from 1900’s The apartment is located on the fifth floor with no elevator, it has double exposition with a big living room, an American kitchen (dish washer, washing machine, oven, induction plate, fridge and freezer). Three big windows in the living room and kitchen with a continuous balcony. The living room includes a big sofa that transforms easily into a comfy two persons bed, a piano, an ipod player and a plasma TV. Lots of books (in French), magazines, wifi connection included in the apartment (BroadBand Access 20M unlimited ADSL, wire and wireless). The windows are double-glazed so the apar
27206	We are a family and love to receive persons ..Wr speak English and German. In a big 140 m2, your room is far from the others rooms of the appartment : it's very quiet. ,We have a big bathroom with bath and shower, you can use the kitchen . You are near the oberkampf road , where you'll find bars and restaurants, 15mn per foot from Bastille and Republique, and near the cimetery Père Lachaise.	Near cimetary of Père Lachaise, 15 mn from Bastille per foot, near rue Oberkampf...in a typical Parisien big appartment ...calm after the exciting parisien Life ! We are a family and love to receive persons ..Wr speak English and German. In a big 140 m2, your room is far from the others rooms of the appartment : it's very quiet. ,We have a big bathroom with bath and shower, you can use the kitchen . You are near the oberkampf road , where you'll find bars and restaurants, 15mn per foot from Bastille and Republique, and near the cimetery Père Lachaise. Guests can acceded to the kitchen if they want to cook Métro Bus Bicycle 
27207	L'appartement est très lumineux, vous pourrez profiter du balcon et des commerces à proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, monoprix). Très bien situé, vous trouverez de nombreux café, restaurants et bar dans ce quartier. 	Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir chez nous. L'appartement comprend une chambre et un salon, il est idéal pour 2 personnes. Très lumineux,nous espérons que vous en profiterez autant que nous. A proximité de Bastille dans un quartier très vivant.  L'appartement est très lumineux, vous pourrez profiter du balcon et des commerces à proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, monoprix). Très bien situé, vous trouverez de nombreux café, restaurants et bar dans ce quartier.  Nous mettons à votre disposition tout ce dont vous avez besoin afin de réaliser un excellent séjour. Serviettes, nécessaire de toilette, thé, café etc... L'appartement est non-fumeur. Au cinquième étage sans ascenseur mais facilement accessible. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter concernant toutes questions ou recommandations, nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous répondre. L'un de nous deux vous retrouvera afin de vous donner les clés et de vous faire visiter l'appartement.  Le quartier est très vivant, vous trouverez facilement de
27208	PARIS ARTIST LOFT RATE EXAMPLES 3 night minimum:  single/double: 90/night  3 , 4 people in 2 separate spaces: 33.75/night per person I can accommodate up to 4 guests short-term = 7 nights or less. I can accommodate 1 guest long/short-term -- longer = more than 1 week/10days - up to …. ? All inquiries welcome! Let me know your specifics and let's try and work something out! English and French spoken.  Children, Students Welcome! Hi! Thanks for taking the time to consider staying in my loft. I am an American woman from Chicago. Formerly a television/radio host/reporter, I currently coach and teach French professionals. I have also worked as a guide and interpreter in Paris and am available to work with my airbnb guests to organize their visits to Paris and France.  I lived and worked in Miami and New York before moving to Paris over 14 years ago. I love living here! I have a 915 sq ft (85m2) SECURE, natural light-filled artist loft where I enjoy hosting airbnb guests. The loft is situate	PARIS ARTIST LOFT RATE EXAMPLES 3 night minimum:  single/double: 90/night  3 , 4 people in 2 separate spaces: 33.75/night per person I can accommodate up to 4 guests short-term = 7 nights or less. I can accommodate 1 guest long/short-term -- longer = more than 1 week/10days - up to …. ? All inquiries welcome! Let me know your specifics and let's try and work something out! English and French spoken.  Children, Students Welcome! Hi! Thanks for taking the time to consider staying in my loft. I am an American woman from Chicago. Formerly a television/radio host/reporter, I currently coach and teach French professionals. I have also worked as a guide and interpreter in Paris and am available to work with my airbnb guests to organize their visits to Paris and France.  I lived and worked in Miami and New York before moving to Paris over 14 years ago. I love living here! I have a 915 sq ft (85m2) SECURE, natural light-filled artist loft where I enjoy hosting airbnb guests. The loft is situate
27209	84 Sq M2 downtown Paris fully eqipped for 3-4 persons : microwave , oven , fridge, washing machine , free wifi , tv , Bose sound system	84 sqM2 apartment for rent in July minimum 7 days  fully equipped, perfect location Paris 11 éme arrondissement close to 4 subway lines, RER, and bike locations 84 Sq M2 downtown Paris fully eqipped for 3-4 persons : microwave , oven , fridge, washing machine , free wifi , tv , Bose sound system
27210		Located in one of the best spots in Paris (lots of restaurants, bars and shops). The situation is ideal to visit Paris and to go out, day and night. The apartment is a 90 meters square and very luminous with 3 SEPARATE ROOMS and one living-room, Haus
27211	"The cutest room in Paris ever! Tiny and beautiful apartment with beams for a very Parisian ""chambre de bonne"" experience. Very bright . 6th floor (no lift). A lot of charm  : building from the beginning of the 20th century.  Very quite and well located, tube stations Voltaire, Ménilmontant, St Ambroise, St Maur & Père Lachaise  Tube stations: lines 2, 3 et 9 Sofa bed for one person  (90/190). Cosy nest, lovely and functional. Just refurbished and full amenities: free internet & wifi, Freebox, shower in polished concrete, toaster, expresso coffee machine, washing machine and tumble dryer, combi oven/microwave, fridge, radio, large kitchen work surface, ceramic plates, a little desk. Closet Toilet in the floor next door as usual in Paris. Sheets and towels provided.   Everything close around:  coffees, corner shops, restaurants, supermarket open until midnight, bakery, bookshop etc...) 2 minutes by walk from the Popincourt district of Antiques Shops... One of the best places to enjoy Par"	"The cutest room in Paris ever! Tiny and beautiful apartment with beams for a very Parisian ""chambre de bonne"" experience. Bright and ideally situated to enjoy Paris! The cutest room in Paris ever! Tiny and beautiful apartment with beams for a very Parisian ""chambre de bonne"" experience. Very bright . 6th floor (no lift). A lot of charm  : building from the beginning of the 20th century.  Very quite and well located, tube stations Voltaire, Ménilmontant, St Ambroise, St Maur & Père Lachaise  Tube stations: lines 2, 3 et 9 Sofa bed for one person  (90/190). Cosy nest, lovely and functional. Just refurbished and full amenities: free internet & wifi, Freebox, shower in polished concrete, toaster, expresso coffee machine, washing machine and tumble dryer, combi oven/microwave, fridge, radio, large kitchen work surface, ceramic plates, a little desk. Closet Toilet in the floor next door as usual in Paris. Sheets and towels provided.   Everything close around:  coffees, corner shops, restaura"
27212	IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT Bright and sunny studio, renewed in 2015, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Centre, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards.  The neighborhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  SPACE AND EQUIPMENT  Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by big windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (French standard 160x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower and bathtub.	IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT Bright and sunny studio, renewed in 2015, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Centre, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards.  The neighborhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  SPACE AND EQUIPMENT  Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by big windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (French standard 160x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower and bathtub.
27213	It's a tiny but well organized flat.  The kitchen is a real italian kitchen with a 4-6 person table.  Bedroom and living room are quite distant so you'll keep your privacy even if you are many.  	Newly renovated 45 sq meters apartment between BASTILLE square and PERE LACHAISE cemetery, close to VOLTAIRE metro st. (line9).  20m walking from PLACE DES VOSGES and MARAIS area.  1 kitchen, 1 double bedroom, 1 living room (with sofa bed).  It's a tiny but well organized flat.  The kitchen is a real italian kitchen with a 4-6 person table.  Bedroom and living room are quite distant so you'll keep your privacy even if you are many.  The whole flat: 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a double bed, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom. I will be glad to welcome you, show you my apartment and give you some informations about the neighborhood :-) I won't be in the flat during your stay but i will be in the area in case of need. It's the 11ème, baby ! Metro station VOLTAIRE (line 9). Please note that if you book for two people you will have ONE double bed, so if you are two of you and you want to sleep in separate beds you'll have to book for 3 people.
27214	This is a 47m²/ 506sqft apartment which we own and we started renting it out on AirBnb three years ago. We make it available when we go away from Paris. It has 1 separate bedroom, a large living area with a very comfortable sofa bed, an amazing kitchen with professional oven and gas stove tops,  and a bathroom with walk-in shower. The apartment is from the 18th century in a cul-de-sac that used to be an old post office, at the end of large yard so: total silence! It's a nice building, with beautiful cobblestones in the yard, there are two cats playing around (they don't come in), nice plants and even nicer neighbors! We bought our apartment four and a half years ago and did it up ourselves (with the help of some good friends, of course!). All the amenities are therefore brand new, but set in an old building. We feel we can offer a different Parisian ambiance, with a truly friendly atmosphere and décor. The apartment is fully furnished, heated, everything will be ready for you to enjoy 	"    Welcome to our old workshop or ""atelier"" from the 18th century, in the Goncourt/Belleville/Oberkampf triangle, entirely renovated in 2012. It is exceptionally calm despite its excellent location among small streets full of daily and nightlife.    This is a 47m²/ 506sqft apartment which we own and we started renting it out on AirBnb three years ago. We make it available when we go away from Paris. It has 1 separate bedroom, a large living area with a very comfortable sofa bed, an amazing kitchen with professional oven and gas stove tops,  and a bathroom with walk-in shower. The apartment is from the 18th century in a cul-de-sac that used to be an old post office, at the end of large yard so: total silence! It's a nice building, with beautiful cobblestones in the yard, there are two cats playing around (they don't come in), nice plants and even nicer neighbors! We bought our apartment four and a half years ago and did it up ourselves (with the help of some good friends, of course!). "
27215	Séjour et chambre confortables. Au calme.  Belle et vaste salle de bain. Cuisine toute équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour se concocter de bons petits plats.	Séjour et chambre confortables. Au calme.  Belle et vaste salle de bain. Cuisine toute équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour se concocter de bons petits plats. Quartier très vivant. Toutes commodités à proximité immédiate. Parmi les meilleurs fromagers, pâtissiers, cavistes et marchés de Paris. Métros Ligne 8 et 9, RER A et D à proximité
27216	Ce bel appartement, situé au 4ème étage est traversant, lui permettant de bénéficier d'une chambre donnant sur une grande cour dégagée et extrêmement calme. Gorgé de lumière, il saura vous séduire par ses équipements refaits à neuf et son charme typiquement parisien. Le salon de 17m² vous propose une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, un canapé d'angle (très confortable!), une TV écran plat et une connexion internet en wifi. La chambre dispose d'un lit double et d'un accès à la salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne.	Bel appartement calme de 2 pièces, 30 m², entièrement refait/équipé à neuf en 2013, situé en plein coeur de Paris, à côté du célèbre marché d'Aligre, de Bastille et de la Gare de Lyon vous permettant ainsi un accès privilégié à tout Paris. Ce bel appartement, situé au 4ème étage est traversant, lui permettant de bénéficier d'une chambre donnant sur une grande cour dégagée et extrêmement calme. Gorgé de lumière, il saura vous séduire par ses équipements refaits à neuf et son charme typiquement parisien. Le salon de 17m² vous propose une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée, un canapé d'angle (très confortable!), une TV écran plat et une connexion internet en wifi. La chambre dispose d'un lit double et d'un accès à la salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Vous aurez accès à des équipements neufs, vous assurant un séjour agréable et sans contrainte. Vous pourrez bénéficier pleinement de tous les équipements que l'appartement peut offrir et je serai ravie de vous indiquer les bonnes adre
27217	This totally renovated standing apartment can accomodate up to 4 persons. It has a bedroom with a double bed and a very comfortable sofa bed for two persons in the living room. The kitchen is totally equiped, and you have a great view on Paris.	Charming two-room flat, 2015 totally renovated, bedroom on courtyard, in a luxury securised building, on the 5th floor with lift. Located in a lively street, close to restaurants and shops, a stone's throw away from the tube 1, 5 and 8. This totally renovated standing apartment can accomodate up to 4 persons. It has a bedroom with a double bed and a very comfortable sofa bed for two persons in the living room. The kitchen is totally equiped, and you have a great view on Paris. The flat is totally at your disposal, the building is securised by 2 coded entry systems. We'll welcome the travelers when their arrival time allowes it.Otherwise there is a keybox for the apartment. You can reach us at anytime by phone if necessary. The area is lively and authentic. You'll find many clothes and decoration shops, as well as bars and restaurants near the flat. It is even possible to take breakfast or brunch at the foot of the building. You can reach the Marais quarter in a few minutes and get very
27218	It is a bright and charming apartment BoBo chic style, a real 'home from home' for up to 4 people. 	Charming spacious apartment in a building dating from 1912 near to La Bastille. Three rooms, 50sq/m overlooking quiet street and tree-lined courtyard , 4th floor with elevator. It is a bright and charming apartment BoBo chic style, a real 'home from home' for up to 4 people. The apartment is equipped with a TV, hi-speed wifi. A fully equipped kitchen (oven, washer dryer, fridge). Bathroom with linens provided. I will be present at the arrival and departure of travelers , I will also recommend you some places to discover the secret Paris. Ten minutes on foot from La Bastille. I love the local restaurants and there are plenty to cater for international tastes. Be sure to visit the Church of  St. Margaret. The apartment is located 2 minutes from the Charonne station (line 9) or 5 minutes from the station Faidherbe Chaligny (line 8). Parking for 10 minutes: 121 Avenue Ledru Rollin 75011 Paris , France From Roissy : -Take The RER B towards Massy-Palaiseau off at Gare du Nord. -Take Line 4 t
27219	C ‘est avec grand plaisir que je vous accueille dans mon appartement du 11ème, proche de la Place de la République, vous êtes au métro Rue Saint Maur et Ménilmontant  en 2 minutes à pied et au métro Parmentier en 5 minutes. Voici en quelques lignes sur ce qui vous attend.  L'appartement : Dans un quartier calme, vous disposerez d'un vrai 2 pièces de 30m2. Situé au 3ème étage, il est lumineux et agréable, la cuisine est séparée, la vaisselle est fournie, ainsi que couette, draps, oreillers et serviettes de bain. L'internet (Fibre optique) en Wi-Fi  ou câble Ethernet est également à disposition.  	C ‘est avec grand plaisir que je vous accueille dans mon appartement du 11ème, proche de la Place de la République, vous êtes au métro Rue Saint Maur et Ménilmontant  en 2 minutes à pied et au métro Parmentier en 5 minutes. Voici en quelques lignes sur ce qui vous attend.  L'appartement : Dans un quartier calme, vous disposerez d'un vrai 2 pièces de 30m2. Situé au 3ème étage, il est lumineux et agréable, la cuisine est séparée, la vaisselle est fournie, ainsi que couette, draps, oreillers et serviettes de bain. L'internet (Fibre optique) en Wi-Fi  ou câble Ethernet est également à disposition. Internet - système audio - vaisselle - couette - draps - oreillers - serviette de bain - planche à repasser (+ Fer)  Le quartier est très agréable : kiosque, boulangeries, cafés, restaurants, pharmacie, supermarché tout à moins de 5 minutes à pieds. La rue Oberkampf est à 2 minutes de marche. Les restaurants, pubs, cafés branchés et autres boites de nuits sont suffisamment proches pour rentrer à 
27220	"My agenda is up to date. You do not need to ask confirmation on availability if this announce display after you select your own dates. This charming little apartment is only for you and your family. It's a duplex with an area of 42 square meters located rue Daval in Paris' 11th arrondissement Bastille district. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator of a 19th century building. It offers a living / dining room with 1 double sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen with a large work surface, 1 bathroom, 1 first chamber equipped with a double bed and 1 second duplex room equipped with a single bed with second bed drawer. The apartment is very nice with exposed beams and stone walls that give it an original look. It can accommodate up to 6 people.  * Warning, the staircase leading to the room is not protected, we do not recommend children under 7 years for this room. Neighborhood : 12/ Bastille This is a district ""cool"" and nice where Parisians live and work while enjoying the 30 parks "	Apartments 3 rooms full of charm to accommodate up to 6 people in a extremely lively area day and night. Just behind the Place de la Bastille, with 3 subway lines. It is also the entrance to the Marais district. My agenda is up to date. You do not need to ask confirmation on availability if this announce display after you select your own dates. This charming little apartment is only for you and your family. It's a duplex with an area of 42 square meters located rue Daval in Paris' 11th arrondissement Bastille district. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator of a 19th century building. It offers a living / dining room with 1 double sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen with a large work surface, 1 bathroom, 1 first chamber equipped with a double bed and 1 second duplex room equipped with a single bed with second bed drawer. The apartment is very nice with exposed beams and stone walls that give it an original look. It can accommodate up to 6 people.  * Warning, the staircase leadi
27221	Located in a popular and family district. Accessible to any family with a baby who wishes to discover Paris. All the equipment for baby is available, including a stroller. Also 1 bedroom with a single bed for a young child or a teenager. Computer and gaming in available. Parental suite with big bed (180cm) and a bathroom with shower	3 bedrooms, last floor of a parisian old building. Fantastic view on Paris. 100m2. 1 kids room + 1 baby's room. 2 bathroom incl. 1 with a (website hidden), games consoles, WiFi. Equipped kitchen. Bright, quiet, calm. Located in a popular and family district. Accessible to any family with a baby who wishes to discover Paris. All the equipment for baby is available, including a stroller. Also 1 bedroom with a single bed for a young child or a teenager. Computer and gaming in available. Parental suite with big bed (180cm) and a bathroom with shower Guest will access to all the apartment, to the kitchen, the bathroom and baby's room. All the products are available: if you use them, please just replace them. We also put to available TV, games consoles, WiFi and DVD. At their arrival. The district is popular, alive with lots of families. The apartment is just a step from the  Aligre market,. If you love French gastronomy and good restaurants you will be served: Septime, the Deserters, Starvi
27222	L'appartement, aménagé selon des tendances design, se compose d'un mobilier agréable et confortable. Une grande bibliothèque ravira les lecteurs de passage comme les amateurs de livres d'art sur la ville de Paris !	En voyage à Paris ? Nous vous proposons une chambre privée de 18m² en plein cœur de la capitale, près de la place de la Nation avec de nombreux transports (métros lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9, RER A et bus). Tout confort, la chambre dispose d'un vrai lit (140 x 200 cm), d'une TV grand écran avec chaînes TNT, du Wifi via la fibre, ainsi que d'une grande table pour déjeuner si besoin. Claire, lumineuse et aérée, la pièce est proche d'une salle de bain et d'une cuisine. Idéale pour un séjour à Paris. L'appartement, aménagé selon des tendances design, se compose d'un mobilier agréable et confortable. Une grande bibliothèque ravira les lecteurs de passage comme les amateurs de livres d'art sur la ville de Paris ! Cuisine équipée et petite salle de bain (avec toilettes) sont à la disposition des voyageurs, près de la porte de la chambre. Tout le confort nécessaire est prévu. Préférant la discrétion en journée (je travaille à domicile), je serai néanmoins ravi de partager conseils et bons plans. Les b
27223		Chambre spacieuse de 16 m² dans un appartement typiquement parisien de 55 m², moulures au plafond et cheminée. Situé entre Bastille et Nation, dans le 11ème arrondissement, quartier aussi bien paisible que festif.
27224	Beautiful studio 15 minutes walk from Bastille and Belleville. Renovated by an architect, the apartment is composed of a burl wood veneer mezzanine for 2 people (futon is traditionally custom), plus an additional sleeping area on the couch for 1 person. The apartment was designed in a Zen and soothing dynamics. Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, it overlooks a bright and quiet courtyard. The kitchen (ceramic glass hob, extractor, dishwasher, microwave oven, kettle and all equipment for cooking). Clean towels waiting in the bathroom rollers. A haven of peace and tranquility! (armored door, guardian, door code)	Nice bright studio, welcoming and quiet! Can accommodate up to 3 people. Enjoy its kitchen and its proximity to bus and metro. Near the Père Lachaise and the vibrant Bastille and Belleville. Beautiful studio 15 minutes walk from Bastille and Belleville. Renovated by an architect, the apartment is composed of a burl wood veneer mezzanine for 2 people (futon is traditionally custom), plus an additional sleeping area on the couch for 1 person. The apartment was designed in a Zen and soothing dynamics. Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, it overlooks a bright and quiet courtyard. The kitchen (ceramic glass hob, extractor, dishwasher, microwave oven, kettle and all equipment for cooking). Clean towels waiting in the bathroom rollers. A haven of peace and tranquility! (armored door, guardian, door code) - MELAC , restaurant/ bar , good food from aveyron , and good wine . old decoration . 42 rue leon frot paris 11 , 10 minutes near studio -AUX 3 PASSAGES, breakfast, bar , restaurant . its
27225	Wooden floor, mouldings, and giving off on a quiet backyard	"One of the greatest locations for an authentic Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is very cute - but small -but it will surely be a haven to you. In between 3 very convenient metro lines running all across the city, it's a real opportunity! Wooden floor, mouldings, and giving off on a quiet backyard Air Conditioning WIFI UK / US adapter available on demand Kitchen facilities  (fridge indeed, kettle, stove, toaster, microwave, coffee machine, teapot, etc...) There's coffee or tea for breakfast. Farmers' market on Tue.&Fri. A large map of Paris streets on the wall. How much you wish to ! I just love the 11th, lingering along the Canal is great. I love biking but there  are several Metro stops:  République (line 3, 5, 8, 9) //  Oberkampf (line 5 & 9) //  Parmentier (line 3) BUS 96 (direct to Le Marais, Châtelet, St Michel, Latin Quarter, Montparnasse) FROM CDG AIRPORT Take ""Train to Paris"" (RER B) to Gare du Nord then to the metro, line 5 (orange line) heading south to Place d'Italie, g"
27226	 Very nice studio, 22m2, old french style, red tiled floor, two large window so the space is very bright and quiet. Small kitchen and bathroom with shower & WC Double bed, sofa, desk & dining table ... everything you need to feel cosy at home! 4th floor (no elevator) + view of  parisian rooftops & the sky ! Please note this is an artistic place, an old french building which mean the floor is not perfectly straight, and few details of typical old french style !  It is my home and I do take care of it but it is not as an hotel standard !  Yes It is very cosy, warm and lively.	     Lovely sunny studio, quiet and very pleasant. Located on a quiet street in the 11th area. French mood & artist feeling. One of the best areas of Paris! 10 min. walk from Bastille, République, La Marais & Ménilmontant.  Very nice studio, 22m2, old french style, red tiled floor, two large window so the space is very bright and quiet. Small kitchen and bathroom with shower & WC Double bed, sofa, desk & dining table ... everything you need to feel cosy at home! 4th floor (no elevator) + view of  parisian rooftops & the sky ! Please note this is an artistic place, an old french building which mean the floor is not perfectly straight, and few details of typical old french style !  It is my home and I do take care of it but it is not as an hotel standard !  Yes It is very cosy, warm and lively. One of the best areas of Paris! Close to Oberkampf, but also 10 minutes walk to Republique, Bastille, Ménilmontant and Le Marais. Artistic area, with cafes and bistros of Paris and also Oberkampf 
27227		Un appartement calme au coeur du quartier vivant de Bastille, à la décoration moderne et urbaine, entièrement équipé. Emplacement idéal, très proche du métro (1, 5, 8), Gare de Lyon, vélib, bus et tous les commerces et restos / bars / shopping. L'appartement qui sublimera votre séjour dans la capitale ! Un quartier vivant et cosmopolite. Beaucoup de commerces, de restaurants, bars, terrasses. Il y a une âme à Bastille qui rend le quartier unique et vraiment agréable. Metro, bus, taxis, vélib.
27228		Furnished and decorated with all the care and taste in the world, blessed with rising and setting sunlight (NW - SE exposition) our lovely appartement in Paris' trendiest spot (Oberkampf / Belleville) is delighted to host your romantic getaway !
27229	Appartement moderne, très lumineux et neuf Situé au fond d'une impasse, très calme 5ème étage avec ascenseur Grande terrasse Appartement NON FUMEUR / NO SMOKING Situé au coeur de Paris (quartier Père Lachaise) Commerces à 1' à Pied (Presse, Supermarché, pharmacie, boulangerie...) Nombreux restaurants Métro Père Lachaise à 2 minutes à pied	Appartement moderne, très lumineux et neuf Situé au fond d'une impasse, très calme 5ème étage avec ascenseur Grande terrasse Appartement NON FUMEUR / NO SMOKING Situé au coeur de Paris (quartier Père Lachaise) Commerces à 1' à Pied (Presse, Supermarché, pharmacie, boulangerie...) Nombreux restaurants Métro Père Lachaise à 2 minutes à pied Situé au coeur de Paris (quartier Père Lachaise) Commerces à 1' à Pied (Presse, Supermarché, pharmacie, boulangerie...) Nombreux restaurants Métro Père Lachaise à 2 minutes à pied
27230	The flat is just in the downtown of Paris, the neighbourhood is plenty of Seine, museums, cool restaurants, cinemas, maket, shops and everything you can want. It's really close of Bastille (2 mn walking) Place des Vosges (10 mn walking) and Père Lacahaise (15mn).  The flat is full-equiped, wifi, washing machine, bed double, canapé convertible 2 places.  Importantly, the studio - loft is equipped with 2 ventilation Air and NO window. The ceiling 1.85 m of the bathroom is has little low for those tall sizes. important, le studio-loft est équipe de ventilation pour remplacer l'absence de fenêtre. Le plafond 1.85 m de la salle de bain est un peu bas pour les personnes grandes tailles.	Paris 75011 Bastille - Le Marais - la Seine, Flat is full-equiped, large modern studio in a quiet lively. Near the trendy Marais, Place des Vosges, Seine, Village Saint Paul, Opera, museums, and Great City of Paris. The flat is just in the downtown of Paris, the neighbourhood is plenty of Seine, museums, cool restaurants, cinemas, maket, shops and everything you can want. It's really close of Bastille (2 mn walking) Place des Vosges (10 mn walking) and Père Lacahaise (15mn).  The flat is full-equiped, wifi, washing machine, bed double, canapé convertible 2 places.  Importantly, the studio - loft is equipped with 2 ventilation Air and NO window. The ceiling 1.85 m of the bathroom is has little low for those tall sizes. important, le studio-loft est équipe de ventilation pour remplacer l'absence de fenêtre. Le plafond 1.85 m de la salle de bain est un peu bas pour les personnes grandes tailles. Whole flat - appartement entier. Yes, if you want, i can help you alltime in Paris, answer que
27231	L'intérêt est d'être au calme complet en plein centre de Paris avec salle de sport en rez dd chaussé ET super marché ouvert jusqu'à 20h à 20 métres 3 lignes de métro et RER à Nation à 250 métres	Studio 12 m² dans résidence. Double digicode ET gardien. Au RDC sur jardin privé.  Salle d'eau séparée: WC + Meuble toilette +Douche. Canapé convertible +VRAI lit escamotable au plafond+ Bureau + divers Cuisine Accés jardin privatif Charges 50/mois L'intérêt est d'être au calme complet en plein centre de Paris avec salle de sport en rez dd chaussé ET super marché ouvert jusqu'à 20h à 20 métres 3 lignes de métro et RER à Nation à 250 métres Prix négociable sur durée supéieure à 5 jours PAS de location  en dessous de 5 jours (sauf exception à décider)
27232		Sqm : 120m2 1 bedroom with double bed 1 bedroom with 2 simple beds 2 sofa bed 1 kitchen 2 bathroom 1 spa within Sauna, gym equipment 1 patio  Home cinéma Internet 5 min from métro Charonne (line 9) or métro Alexandre Dumas (line 2)
27233	L'appartement convient parfaitement à une personne ou un couple. Il donne plein Sud vous offrant le soleil toute la journée. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Vous trouverez aussi une machine à laver le linge. ............ The flat is 35 m² and accommodates comfortably one person or a couple. It has a fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine and a dryer and a seperate bathroom. The 3 windows are facing south so it is very sunny all day long. Sheets and towels are there for you.	C'est un charmant petit appartement de 35m² situé au Père Lachaise à 1min du métro. La dernière résidence de Piaf et de Jim Morrison est calme et acceuillante et à deux pas des soirées animées de Ménilmontant et de Belleville. L'appartement convient parfaitement à une personne ou un couple. Il donne plein Sud vous offrant le soleil toute la journée. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. La cuisine est entièrement équipée. Vous trouverez aussi une machine à laver le linge. ............ The flat is 35 m² and accommodates comfortably one person or a couple. It has a fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine and a dryer and a seperate bathroom. The 3 windows are facing south so it is very sunny all day long. Sheets and towels are there for you. Situé au Père Lachaise à 1 min du métro (ligne 2 ou ligne 3).  Le bâtiment est bien sécurisé puisque 2 codes d'entrée sont nécessaires. .......................................... In Père Lachaise, one minute to the Metro Station, the building is
27234	Un charmant 3 pièces, typiquement parisien, au pied du métro Parmentier et en plein coeur du quartier très branché d' Oberkampf. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant(s) pour passer un séjour familial et urbain. Le quartier regorge de sorties : vous pouvez vous la couler douce sur les bords du Canal Saint-Martin ou, plus au nord, faire des balades à vélo le long du Canal de l'Ourq. Flâner aux Buttes Chaumont, faire du shopping à Bastille, profiter des petits commerces authentiques rue Oberkampf et du marché avenue Richard Lenoir. Mais aussi : vous imprégner de l'histoire au Père Lachaise ou encore: faire la tournée des bars rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud ! L'appartement est muni du double vitrage et d'une cuisine toute équipée : lave linge, lave-vaisselle, four, congélateur. Il y a une chambre adulte avec un grand lit et une chambre d'enfant avec un lit intermédiaire (de 2 à 6 ans) possibilité de rajouter un lit bébé ou/et un lit 1 personne. A disposition si vous le souhaitez : une chaise haute, u	Charmant 3 pièces, typiquement parisien, au pied du métro Parmentier et en plein coeur du quartier très branché d' Oberkampf. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant(s) pour un séjour familial et urbain ! Double vitrage, cuisine toute équipée et accessoires de puériculture à votre disposition. Un charmant 3 pièces, typiquement parisien, au pied du métro Parmentier et en plein coeur du quartier très branché d' Oberkampf. Idéal pour un couple avec enfant(s) pour passer un séjour familial et urbain. Le quartier regorge de sorties : vous pouvez vous la couler douce sur les bords du Canal Saint-Martin ou, plus au nord, faire des balades à vélo le long du Canal de l'Ourq. Flâner aux Buttes Chaumont, faire du shopping à Bastille, profiter des petits commerces authentiques rue Oberkampf et du marché avenue Richard Lenoir. Mais aussi : vous imprégner de l'histoire au Père Lachaise ou encore: faire la tournée des bars rue Jean-Pierre Timbaud ! L'appartement est muni du double vitrage et d'une cuisine t
27235	In each room, we can furnish 1 double bed and 1 baby coat.	Big and beautiful 85 square meters apartment in the 11th arrondissement around Nation, Voltaire and Faidherbe - Chaligny. In each room, we can furnish 1 double bed and 1 baby coat. 50m from métro Line 9 stop Rue des Boulets 400m from RER A stop Nation
27236	"Superb flat with 2 bedrooms (2 queen size double beds), a lounge with dining area, cable TV, unlimited Wi-Fi inernet, 2 very comfortable sofas, kitchen, 2 bathrooms with shower, WC. Quiet, overlooking street with open views at the foot of Canal Saint Martin. The Canal St Martin neighborhood is very lively, typically Parisian, with good restaurants and nice little bars in the summer to join you in Paris for a picnic lunch by the canal and make the shops in this neighborhood very ""on mode ""."	"Ideal for holidays with friends or family Located in the center of Paris: Canal Saint Martin, Republic neighborhood, Faubourg du Temple. Apartment very quiet, bright and sunny. A haven of peace after a day of visiting Paris Superb flat with 2 bedrooms (2 queen size double beds), a lounge with dining area, cable TV, unlimited Wi-Fi inernet, 2 very comfortable sofas, kitchen, 2 bathrooms with shower, WC. Quiet, overlooking street with open views at the foot of Canal Saint Martin. The Canal St Martin neighborhood is very lively, typically Parisian, with good restaurants and nice little bars in the summer to join you in Paris for a picnic lunch by the canal and make the shops in this neighborhood very ""on mode "". You will have the all flat for you I will be present at your arrival to give you the keys and show you the neighborhood Young neighborhood, vibrant with shops and many buses and metro. Stroll along the Canal Saint Martin Next to the Republic Square. Metro: lignes 3-5-8-9-11  Bus: "
27237	An atypical apartment in the heart of the 11th. A few steps from the Rue de la Roquette, 5 minutes from the Pere Lachaise cemetery, between Republique and Bastille this charming apartment is ideally located. The apartment overlooks a quiet courtyard with flowers, on the 4th floor without elevator is close to all amenities (metro line 1 - line 5 - line 8 - line 9, market, bars, restaurants, shops ...). Ideal for 4 people. The lounge with its tiles charming, comfortable and bright. Equipped with three chairs, a sofa and a coffee table, this cozy lounge makes you want to curl up by the fire. You can also enjoy the kitchen, open living room, fully equipped (ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, toaster and all dishes and utensils necessary to try the French cuisine). The bathroom design, completely redone (early 2012) has all the comforts (large walk-in shower, sink, mirror, towel warmer, hairdryer, toilet, washing machine and dryer). Upstairs, under the roofs of Paris, you will f	An atypical apartment in the heart of the 11th. A few steps from the Rue de la Roquette, 5 minutes from the Pere Lachaise cemetery, between Republique and Bastille this charming apartment is ideally located. The apartment overlooks a quiet courtyard with flowers, on the 4th floor without elevator is close to all amenities (metro line 1 - line 5 - line 8 - line 9, market, bars, restaurants, shops ...). Ideal for 4 people. The lounge with its tiles charming, comfortable and bright. Equipped with three chairs, a sofa and a coffee table, this cozy lounge makes you want to curl up by the fire. You can also enjoy the kitchen, open living room, fully equipped (ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, toaster and all dishes and utensils necessary to try the French cuisine). The bathroom design, completely redone (early 2012) has all the comforts (large walk-in shower, sink, mirror, towel warmer, hairdryer, toilet, washing machine and dryer). Upstairs, under the roofs of Paris, you will f
27238	Two-room apartment of about 33m2, very bright, located on the second floor of a Haussmann building. It consists of a large living room (with a comfortable sofa bed), a large bedroom with double bed and desk, bathroom (shower) with separate toilet and a small kitchen (hobs, microwave, refrigerator). The two main rooms overlook a long balcony, very nice in the summer. I hope you will enjoy! Conveniently located in a quiet street between the Pere Lachaise metro station (5 min walk) and Voltaire station (7 min). The bus stop at the bottom of the building serves line 69 Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower) - Gambetta and line 61 Gare d'Austerlitz - Eglise de Pantin. You will be a 15 minutes walk from Bastille, 2 minutes from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery, and 15 minutes from Oberkampf. The supermarket is located a few meters from the building at the crossroads with rue de la Roquette, which is also a very charming little place: two bars / restaurants with terraces, very good bakery, greengrocer... An	Two-room apartment of about 33m2, very bright, located on the second floor of a Haussmann building. It consists of a large living room (with a comfortable sofa bed), a large bedroom with double bed and desk, bathroom (shower) with separate toilet and a small kitchen (hobs, microwave, refrigerator). The two main rooms overlook a long balcony, very nice in the summer. I hope you will enjoy! Conveniently located in a quiet street between the Pere Lachaise metro station (5 min walk) and Voltaire station (7 min). The bus stop at the bottom of the building serves line 69 Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower) - Gambetta and line 61 Gare d'Austerlitz - Eglise de Pantin. You will be a 15 minutes walk from Bastille, 2 minutes from the Pere Lachaise Cemetery, and 15 minutes from Oberkampf. The supermarket is located a few meters from the building at the crossroads with rue de la Roquette, which is also a very charming little place: two bars / restaurants with terraces, very good bakery, greengrocer... An
27239	Rent Apartment in paris 11th, completely renovated 65 m2, located in PHILIP AUGUSTE NATION, near Voltaire and Bastille,  free for short- or medium-term demand. Quiet and bright old building XIX century charm and character.	RENT Apartment in Paris 11eme completely redone  charm of 60 m2 located in PHILIP AUGUST NATION 75011, near Voltaire and Bastille, short- or medium-term demand. Quiet and bright old building XIX century charm and character. Rent Apartment in paris 11th, completely renovated 65 m2, located in PHILIP AUGUSTE NATION, near Voltaire and Bastille,  free for short- or medium-term demand. Quiet and bright old building XIX century charm and character. 3 rooms: bathroom toilet + entry + dining kitchen, 2 bedrooms double beds and 6 th floor elevator. All comfort: equipped kitchen, TV, washing machines and clothes washer and dryer, wifi Metro 9, 2 and 1 or RER A BUS 76
27240	Mon logement est calme et bien placée pour visiter paris.  Je propose un chambre avec un lit de 160 x 190m pour 2 personnes et la possibilité de mettre un lit en plus de 90 x 190 si vous etes 3. Le logement est clair et plutot spacieux pour paris.	Bonjour,  Je propose une chambre individuelle dans mon appartement. A certaines périodes, il se peut que l'appartement soit complémént libre mais le reste du temps l'un d'entre nous peut être présent.  Bienvenus chez vous! Mon logement est calme et bien placée pour visiter paris.  Je propose un chambre avec un lit de 160 x 190m pour 2 personnes et la possibilité de mettre un lit en plus de 90 x 190 si vous etes 3. Le logement est clair et plutot spacieux pour paris. La chambre disponible est privatif durant le sejour. Vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement durant votre séjour (cuisine, salon, salle de bain...) afin de pouvoir vous accueillir et vous organiser au mieux. Dans chaque piece une place est liberée pour vous (dans le frigo, dans la salle de bain) pour vos affaires personnels Lorsque nous sommes présents c est avec plaisir que pourrons si vous le souhaitez échanger (par rapport à vos visite, vos transport...) Mon quartier ressemble à un petit village dans le sens ou tou
27241	Mon appartement est particulièrement grand pour un appartement parisien. Tous les gens qui y viennent le trouvent très chaleureux et agréable à vivre.  Je dispose également d'un lit parapluie pour un bébé si besoin. 	"775 sq. ft. apt. with wooden floor.  Located in a lively neighborhood near 5 different metro stations. Can accommodate up to 6 adults and 1 baby (3 double beds and 1 baby bed). I provide sheets and towels.  A projector, DVD player, and large DVD collection are available.  You can use all the dishes and appliances, as well as the dishwasher, the hairdryer or the iron. You can contact me by mail and phone during your stay. It's possible that I need to use the apartment for a few minutes, in which case I'll let you know. The apartment is located in a very lively, cosmopolitan atmosphere that mixes Belleville, with very good cheap Asian restaurants, and Parmentier, with dozens of bars. A 3-minute walk from my apartment is ""La maison des métallos"". A 10-minute walk are Republic, Oberkampf or the Saint-Martin canal. It takes 15 minutes to go to Beaubourg or Châtelet with the subway. There are plenty of options for going out to restaurants, theaters, or bars. 5 metro stations from the followi"
27242	This is a very spacious five-rooms apartment. Your bedroom is in an independent area and has a direct access to a private bathroom and toilets. It is entirely furnished and we provide everything you would need to enjoy your stay.  Plus, we will be sharing the double living room and the kitchen. We want to make sure that those rooms are yours as it is ours. Thus, you can either enjoy chill out or socialize in the spacious living room. The kitchen and all its equipment are at your convenient for experimenting French gastronomy. 	Welcome to your place ! We will do our very best for you to feel at home ! The location is perfect for who wants to visit the city and experiment Parisian life.  This is a very spacious five-rooms apartment. Your bedroom is in an independent area and has a direct access to a private bathroom and toilets. It is entirely furnished and we provide everything you would need to enjoy your stay.  Plus, we will be sharing the double living room and the kitchen. We want to make sure that those rooms are yours as it is ours. Thus, you can either enjoy chill out or socialize in the spacious living room. The kitchen and all its equipment are at your convenient for experimenting French gastronomy.  We are two living in this apartment. Both native from Paris, we will provide you all the best advices you need to know to enjoy your stay here.  The apartment is located in Charonne area. It has been elected as the area with the best quality of life. 5 minutes walking from Place de la Bastille and Républ
27243	to rent 2 rooms paris central, one room kitchen/living room, one room with one bed 1 person. Electric piano, toilet separated, bathroom with shower, all furnished, 6 and last floor without lift. Cosy and 1mn from all restaurant, grocery, and 15 mn from bois de vincennes.  Central with metro line 1,9,6,2, rer A, bus and tramway (10mn from Chatelet). 	to rent 2 rooms paris central, one room kitchen/living room, one room with one bed 1 person. Electric piano, toilet separated, bathroom with shower, all furnished, 6 and last floor without lift. Cosy and 1mn from all restaurant, grocery, and 15 mn from bois de vincennes.  Central with metro line 1,9,6,2, rer A, bus and tramway (10mn from Chatelet). 
27244	Charmant 2 pièces typiquement Parisien de 40m2 au centre de Paris à Bastille. Beaucoup de personnalité. L'appartement, avec parquet, se trouve au 5 ème étage, sans ascenseur, d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Les parties communes sont très belles , et le voisinage top! Trois portes fenêtres font de cet appartement un endroit très lumineux. Chambre, salon, salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine.  Balcon filant, très belle vue, tv wifi etc...immeuble et partie commune très agréable, quartier vivant et très bien desservi par métro, bus etc... La chambre est un bel espace d'environ 12m2 , avec un lit double. Il y a un matelas d'appoint sous le lit (pour 1 personne) Canapé lit, dans le salon qui a le confort d'un lit.  La cuisine avec de la tommette, est totalement équipée: four, gazinière trois feux et une plaque chauffante, four électrique, micro-onde, frigo et congélateur, un toasteur, presse-agrume, cafetière et tous les ustensiles de cuisine.  Machine à laver et à sécher le linge. 	Charmant 2 pièces typiquement Parisien de 40m2 au centre de Paris à Bastille. Beaucoup de personnalité. L'appartement, avec parquet, se trouve au 5 ème étage, sans ascenseur, d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Les parties communes sont très belles , et le voisinage top! Trois portes fenêtres font de cet appartement un endroit très lumineux. Chambre, salon, salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine.  Balcon filant, très belle vue, tv wifi etc...immeuble et partie commune très agréable, quartier vivant et très bien desservi par métro, bus etc... La chambre est un bel espace d'environ 12m2 , avec un lit double. Il y a un matelas d'appoint sous le lit (pour 1 personne) Canapé lit, dans le salon qui a le confort d'un lit.  La cuisine avec de la tommette, est totalement équipée: four, gazinière trois feux et une plaque chauffante, four électrique, micro-onde, frigo et congélateur, un toasteur, presse-agrume, cafetière et tous les ustensiles de cuisine.  Machine à laver et à sécher le linge. 
27245	Sur avenue prestigieuse appartement ensoleillé toute la journée situé au 6 ème étage (ascenseur) avec une vue très dégagée. Voisinage calme; 2 habitants par palier.  Quartier agrémenté de petites boutiques concept store et d'une multitudes de restaurants à tous les prix.	Sur avenue prestigieuse appartement ensoleillé toute la journée situé au 6 ème étage (ascenseur) avec une vue très dégagée. Voisinage calme; 2 habitants par palier.  Quartier agrémenté de petites boutiques concept store et d'une multitudes de restaurants à tous les prix. Accès  à la cuisine, à la salle de bains et aux toilettes. Je suis présent pendant le séjour des voyageurs. Petit dej et précieux conseils d'un parisien amoureux de sa ville. - Les nombreux restaurant pour tout type de budget - L'ambiance village du quartier - la population du quartier - Nombreuses épiceries aux alentours - Ligne 3 station Rue St Maur - Ligne 2 station Père Lachaise
27246	2 chambres sur cour, l’une parentale avec lit double & salle d’eau et l’autre pour deux enfants avec deux lits simples superposés. Une deuxième salle de bain comprend une baignoire. 2 WC séparés. Un grand salon de réception. Appartement totalement équipé : lave linge séchant et cuisine dinatoire disposant d’un four à micro onde, de plaque, four, lave vaisselle, frigo, etc...   Très clair et très calme. 	Bel appartement parisien de 110 m2, typiquement Hausmannien, parquet, moulures, belle hauteur sous plafond et cheminée, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. 2 chambres sur cour, l’une parentale avec lit double & salle d’eau et l’autre pour deux enfants avec deux lits simples superposés. Une deuxième salle de bain comprend une baignoire. 2 WC séparés. Un grand salon de réception. Appartement totalement équipé : lave linge séchant et cuisine dinatoire disposant d’un four à micro onde, de plaque, four, lave vaisselle, frigo, etc...   Très clair et très calme.  Accès WIFI internet illimité. Tout l’appartement est équipé du WIFI. S'agissant de notre propre appartement, vous disposerez de nos livres, revues, jouets des enfants... Dans un quartier prisé, celui de Oberkampf, vous serez à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, à 10 min à pied du Marais. Toutes les lignes de métros sont accessibles par la place de la république qui se trouve à 5 minutes à pieds. Métro le plus proche : Parmentier, le quartier 
27247		Pour découvrir et passer du temps à Paris en toute simplicité, une chambre cosy et au calme dans une colocation de 2, dans le quartier Saint Ambroise dans le 11e.
27248	Family apartment, very bright, not overlooked, excellent (4 metro lines, 4 lines of bus and RER A) and quiet.  Located just steps from the Place de la Nation, you can go all over Paris (direct and in less than 30 minutes to Bastille, the Marais, Saint Germain, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre).  All amenities within walking distance (bakery, supermarket, pharmacy, restaurants, etc. ..).  A room with a real bed 2 places (140x200 cm) and a sofa bed in the living room with a real comfortable mattress 2 places (140x190 cm).  A child's room with a cot (60x120 cm) and a cot (80x140 cm).  Opportunity to provide a third child cot.  Baby equipment and children's facilities.  1 bathroom and 1 shower room.  Fully equipped kitchen and remodeled in 2013.  Large balcony with dining area.  Easy access to Père Lachaise Cemetery, and the center of Paris is connected in less than 10 minutes by public transit.  Tourist access:  - Pere Lachaise Cemetery walk  - Chateau de Vincennes (5 minutes by subway, direct)  	A 5 minute walk up Place de la Nation, near Bastille/Marais. ALL TRANSPORT NEARBY. Quietly, in a luxury building with concierge. Modern apartment, bright, 90 m2, equipped for family or couple of friends. 4 ADULTS + 2(ou3) KIDS    Family apartment, very bright, not overlooked, excellent (4 metro lines, 4 lines of bus and RER A) and quiet.  Located just steps from the Place de la Nation, you can go all over Paris (direct and in less than 30 minutes to Bastille, the Marais, Saint Germain, Eiffel Tower, Montmartre).  All amenities within walking distance (bakery, supermarket, pharmacy, restaurants, etc. ..).  A room with a real bed 2 places (140x200 cm) and a sofa bed in the living room with a real comfortable mattress 2 places (140x190 cm).  A child's room with a cot (60x120 cm) and a cot (80x140 cm).  Opportunity to provide a third child cot.  Baby equipment and children's facilities.  1 bathroom and 1 shower room.  Fully equipped kitchen and remodeled in 2013.  Large balcony with dining
27249	l'appartement fait 38m², avec une chambre, un salon cuisine, une salle de bain et des wc séparés.  petit déjeuner compris  WIFI   serviettes de bain fournies	Bienvenue dans mon appartement parisien :)) je loue ma charmante  chambre dans un appartement style parisien refait a neuf il y a peu! Je viens de mettre cette annonce il y a peu de temps  Lumineux et TRES calme, une grande qualité pour  l'appartement fait 38m², avec une chambre, un salon cuisine, une salle de bain et des wc séparés.  petit déjeuner compris  WIFI   serviettes de bain fournies la chambre sera privée et utilisée que par les voyageurs, en revanche la cuisine, le salon, la salle de bain et les toilettes seront partagés avec moi. proposer des bars et restaurants du quartier, également les transports adéquats je suis présente dans l'appartement, je donne ma chambre aux voyageurs, mais il se peu que je sois absente certains jours, dans ce cas vous pourrez profiter de tout l'appartement! le quartier est très animé, plusieurs bars et restaurants sympathiques le cimetière du Père Lachaise est tout proche de l'appartement Accès : métro Alexandre Dumas (ligne 2) à 50 mètres.  le b
27250	Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser vos valises ! Tout est prêt. Je ferai en sorte que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous... Sa décoration soignée en fait un véritable lieu de détente, que vous y séjourniez seul ou en couple.	Cet appartement de 2 pièces de 31m2, idéalement situé pour profiter au mieux de Paris, que ce soit pour visiter ou sortir. Vous verrez, vous vous sentirez bien : c'est confortable, calme, lumineux... Ce lieu de détente est idéal pour un couple. :) Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser vos valises ! Tout est prêt. Je ferai en sorte que vous vous sentiez comme chez vous... Sa décoration soignée en fait un véritable lieu de détente, que vous y séjourniez seul ou en couple. Entièrement équipées,  la pièce principale et la chambre comprennent notamment un ventilateur, un lave-linge séchant, un fer à repasser, un lave-vaisselle, un grand frigo-congélateur, une gazinière, un micro-onde, une bouilloire, un grille-pain... et tout ce qu'il faut pour faire la cuisine. Le linge de maison est fourni, ainsi que tous les produits d'entretien. Les visiteurs auront également accès au WIFI (fibre optique). Selon les périodes, je serai à Paris ou non. Dans tous les cas, n'hésitez pas à me contacter : je me ferais 
27251	Logement tout confort en plein coeur de Paris, au calme dans une rue agréable et proche de l'effervescence des rues commerçantes et sortantes de Bastille. Vous pourrez vous y reposer avec un grand lit double et un canapé super confortable !! 	Fantastic 1 bedroom flat in Bastille, sleeps 2-4 (1 bed+big sofa). Cool and calm. Four tube stations around the place : Ledru-Rollin (3mn walk), Bastille (7'), Voltaire (7'), Gare de Lyon (10 ').  Close to all shops, bars, restaurants and amenities.
27252	Description :  Petite chambre entièrement équipée, dans un vieil immeuble parisien, BAS DE PLAFOND (2M) ! Idéal pour 1 personne voyageant seule ou 2 baroudeurs (sac de couchage à prévoir)! Situation :  A 5 min à pied du célèbre Marais et de la rue Oberkampf, on est à la fois au calme et près de tout pour se distraire. On est à mi-distance de République et de la Bastille. Les bars de la rue sont aussi célèbres que ceux de la rue de la soif ! De nombreux restaurants pour tous les goûts ! Un supermarché est ouvert de 7h à 22h du lundi au samedi, et le dimanche de 9h à 13h. Pharmacie, boulangerie, kiosque à journaux et cafés à proximité. Flat description: If you are looking for a room that provides you with the essential, and is located in one of the best places in Paris, you've come to the right flat. The ceiling is 2 meters high, there is a single and a half bed but another people could stay as far as (s)he has a sleeping bag. Location: 5 minutes away from the famous Marais and from rue 	Description :  Petite chambre entièrement équipée, dans un vieil immeuble parisien, BAS DE PLAFOND (2M) ! Idéal pour 1 personne voyageant seule ou 2 baroudeurs (sac de couchage à prévoir)! Situation :  A 5 min à pied du célèbre Marais et de la rue Oberkampf, on est à la fois au calme et près de tout pour se distraire. On est à mi-distance de République et de la Bastille. Les bars de la rue sont aussi célèbres que ceux de la rue de la soif ! De nombreux restaurants pour tous les goûts ! Un supermarché est ouvert de 7h à 22h du lundi au samedi, et le dimanche de 9h à 13h. Pharmacie, boulangerie, kiosque à journaux et cafés à proximité. Flat description: If you are looking for a room that provides you with the essential, and is located in one of the best places in Paris, you've come to the right flat. The ceiling is 2 meters high, there is a single and a half bed but another people could stay as far as (s)he has a sleeping bag. Location: 5 minutes away from the famous Marais and from rue 
27253	The apartment is modest but functional. It is located on the 4th without lift.	Modest room in a shared apartment already furnished. Located in central Paris, it gives access to 6 subway stations. The apartment is modest but functional. It is located on the 4th without lift. All parts are diponibles - except my room. I can advise you of places to visit - or I can be discreet. Located close to the Place de la République in a young and trendy, between chic and popular neighborhood. Near the Marais and the Canal Saint Martin, but also Oberkampf the street full of bars. The apartment provides access to six subway lines (2, 3, 5 , 8, 9 and 11). All Paris is accessible within 30 minutes . It takes 45 minutes to get to Roissy metro and RER. Towels are provided. It is possible to do his laundry.
27254		Dans le 11ème branché et super vivant, studio avec mezzanine refait neuf, avec cuisine équipée, lave-linge, douche et WC In the alive 11th, studio + mezzanine brand newly refurbished, fully equiped kitchen + washing machine, nice bathroom with WC
27255	Welcome to a charming and sunny flat in a trendy but popular district ! The apartment is very well located (1 min walk to the subway, wine bar, restaurants and shops) and super quiet. It has a nice bedroom with large confortable bed, a bathroom, a kitchen with all furnitures & dishwasher machine, wifi & hi-fi system, hairdryer, ironing set etc...	Welcome to a charming and sunny flat in a trendy but popular district ! This quiet flat, decorated in an elegant and modern way, has an ideal location to discover & enjoy the parisian way of life. Welcome to a charming and sunny flat in a trendy but popular district ! The apartment is very well located (1 min walk to the subway, wine bar, restaurants and shops) and super quiet. It has a nice bedroom with large confortable bed, a bathroom, a kitchen with all furnitures & dishwasher machine, wifi & hi-fi system, hairdryer, ironing set etc... You'll be very close by walk to the very nice districts of République, Oberkampf & Menilmontant and will join the historic center and Montmartre within a few minutes. Very found of my neighbourhood, I'll advise my guests with all the best places to go and some tips about the city. Of course, I'll stay in touch during the stay if necessary ! Cosmopolitan and swinging area, Belleville hosts reputed asian restaurants and is home for street art and enter
27256		In Le Marais, between Place de la Bastille and Place de la Republique, a nice apartment very functional and nicely decorated. In one of the most beautiful historical districts of Paris, located on the 4th floor, with wooden floor, this small studio is very quiet and bright. - Entrance with washer-dryer, - Fully equipped kitchen, - Bathroom (shower, sink and toilet) - Studio: sofa with coffee table, table with 2 chairs, small desk, wardrobe and drawers, flat screen TV, wireless internet, - Room for 2 persons (mezzanine). A few steps from the famous rue de Bretagne with its many restaurants and cafes, youll find all the quality shops (caterers, bakers, pastry cooks, cheesemakers, fishmongers, wine, charcuterie fine ...) as well as many supermarkets. It is the perfect place if you want some quiet place to rest between visits to one of the many touristic locations that can be easily accessed from there. Many subway lines are within walking distance.
27257	Cosy furnished flat to rent located in a very charming private street in the 11th, close to the famous « Café Charbon » and the Marais neigbourhood. 27 m2 at the first floor, redone for nine, 2 rooms (1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 living-room with a sofa bed), kitchenette, bathroom. The sofa bed can be use for one or two more people. The apartment is bright, very quiet, nice view on trees.	Appartement situé dans charmante impasse du 11ème arrondissement, à deux pas du fameux « Café Charbon » et du Marais. 27 m2 au 1er étage, 2 pièces (1 chambre avec lit double, un salon avec canapé-lit), kitchenette, salle de bains. Lumineux et calme. Cosy furnished flat to rent located in a very charming private street in the 11th, close to the famous « Café Charbon » and the Marais neigbourhood. 27 m2 at the first floor, redone for nine, 2 rooms (1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 living-room with a sofa bed), kitchenette, bathroom. The sofa bed can be use for one or two more people. The apartment is bright, very quiet, nice view on trees. L'impasse, très calme contraste avec le quartier animé de la rue Oberkampf. Le soir, de nombreux bars, restaurants et salles de concerts vous ouvriront leurs portes. Tous les commerces sont situés à proximité (alimentation générale, laverie automatique, librairie... etc). /  The impasse is very quiet and contrasts with a lively neigbourhood where you can
27258	I rent a 2 rooms flat of 30 sq. meters (323 square feet), on the 3rd floor, located in the bustling neighborhood of Charonne / Bastille, in the 11th district. The apartment faces a quiet interior courtyard with an open outlook. There is a room with a twin bed, a bathroom with bathtub and WC, a livingroom with a sofa, a coffee table, an opened kitchen with fridge, oven and hobs. Sheets and towels are provided. Nearby there are many shops: supermarkets, bakeries, butchers, cheese shop, Italian caterer, wine shop, cafés ... and the picturesque daily market “Marché d’Aligre” around 15 minutes by foot. This typical lively Parisian neighborhood attracts night-time revellers with its huge abundance of restaurants, bars and lively terraces. The apartment is well served by public transport: Metro Charonne line 9 (50 meters), M° Bastille line 1 (5 min walk), M° Faidherbe-Chaligny line 8 (8 min walk). At the foot of the building, bus No. 76 runs along the famous Rivoli Street. Athletes could visi	I rent a 2 rooms flat of 30 sq. meters (323 square feet), on the 3rd floor, located in the bustling neighborhood of Charonne / Bastille, in the 11th district. The apartment faces a quiet interior courtyard with an open outlook. There is a room with a twin bed, a bathroom with bathtub and WC, a livingroom with a sofa, a coffee table, an opened kitchen with fridge, oven and hobs. Sheets and towels are provided. Nearby there are many shops: supermarkets, bakeries, butchers, cheese shop, Italian caterer, wine shop, cafés ... and the picturesque daily market “Marché d’Aligre” around 15 minutes by foot. This typical lively Parisian neighborhood attracts night-time revellers with its huge abundance of restaurants, bars and lively terraces. The apartment is well served by public transport: Metro Charonne line 9 (50 meters), M° Bastille line 1 (5 min walk), M° Faidherbe-Chaligny line 8 (8 min walk). At the foot of the building, bus No. 76 runs along the famous Rivoli Street. Athletes could visi
27259	C'est un havre de paix sous les toits inondé de lumière. Un très bel espace soigné et meublé avec gout. Avec un grand living qui permet la convivialité et 3 belles et grandes chambres qui permettent de se retirer, dont une bien séparée.	Un havre de paix sous les toits de 125 m/2, duplex, tres calme et clair, grand open space,  3 belles chambres, grande salle de bains Les enfants sont bienvenus! C'est un havre de paix sous les toits inondé de lumière. Un très bel espace soigné et meublé avec gout. Avec un grand living qui permet la convivialité et 3 belles et grandes chambres qui permettent de se retirer, dont une bien séparée. Ils auront accès a un appartement extrêmement bien  et agréablement équipé: draps et serviettes, wifi, téléphone gratuit fixe et mobile en france, femme de mange 1/semaine a pour des séjours à partir d'une semaine... Je serais la pour les accueillir dans la mesure du possible, sinon j'échangerai toujours au moins une fois au téléphone avec les voyageurs. C'est un quartier très vivant avec beaucoup de bons restaurants et petits bars (website hidden) donne envie de sortir le soir et rentrer à pied à la maison, car l'environnement est très safe. Aussi le centre de la ville est facilement accessible
27260	C'est un appartement de 81 m2, au rez-de-chaussée d'une résidence calme et verdoyante, situé près de la place Léon Blum (métro Voltaire) entre Bastille, Nation et République. Desservi par les lignes 5 et 9 du métro. Nous sommes tout proche de la rue de la Roquette et de Belleville/Oberkampf. Vous êtes en quelques minutes au cœur de la nuit parisienne. L'appartement comprend :  une grande entrée  une cuisine tout équipée avec cuisinière, four thermique/micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique, cafetière expresso, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge  un salon de 18 m2 avec une grande table, un grand canapé en cuir, un petit bureau, internet illimité, Wi-Fi, téléphone illimité vers les fixes en France et illimité fixes et portables vers 108 destinations  une chambre de 12 m2 avec un lit double de 140 x 200, moniteur 42', bouquet FREE TV et lecteur DVD Blue-Ray  une 1er chambre de 12 m2 avec un lit simple, un petit bureau  une 2e chambre de 12 m2 avec un lit simple, un petit bureau  une pr	Très bel appartement de 4 pièces au RdC. Clair et ensoleillé. Au cœur de Paris. Proche de Bastille, Roquette, Oberkampf. Très bien desservis par les lignes 5 et 9 et une multitude de bus. A la fois calme et proche de tout. C'est un appartement de 81 m2, au rez-de-chaussée d'une résidence calme et verdoyante, situé près de la place Léon Blum (métro Voltaire) entre Bastille, Nation et République. Desservi par les lignes 5 et 9 du métro. Nous sommes tout proche de la rue de la Roquette et de Belleville/Oberkampf. Vous êtes en quelques minutes au cœur de la nuit parisienne. L'appartement comprend :  une grande entrée  une cuisine tout équipée avec cuisinière, four thermique/micro-ondes, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique, cafetière expresso, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge  un salon de 18 m2 avec une grande table, un grand canapé en cuir, un petit bureau, internet illimité, Wi-Fi, téléphone illimité vers les fixes en France et illimité fixes et portables vers 108 destinations  une chambre de 
27261	My studio is well equipped with fully equipped bathroom (hot water, toilet, shower), kitchen (glasses, dishes, pots, cutlerys, fridge, microwave). In addition, the studio receives a lot of natural due to its location. It is very quiet since it is placed inside the building and the neighbours are silent.  You have a dining table that could be placed within the room to gain space. There are also chairs to relax in front of the little terrace that gives access to a nice indoors Parisian garden. The studio includes a electric hoover for cleaning ; an iron and iron table to iron your clothing and the basic cleaning products for the bathroom and kitchen. In addition, you will also have an empty chest of drawers to put your clothing and other stuff.  There fast WIFI so you can listen to music, skype or watch movies.	This studio strategically located in the most dynamic, chic and lively area of Paris, is surrounded by restaurants, pubs/bars, cinemas, supermarkets, sport facilities and metro stations that will allow you to get a unique experience of Paris. My studio is well equipped with fully equipped bathroom (hot water, toilet, shower), kitchen (glasses, dishes, pots, cutlerys, fridge, microwave). In addition, the studio receives a lot of natural due to its location. It is very quiet since it is placed inside the building and the neighbours are silent.  You have a dining table that could be placed within the room to gain space. There are also chairs to relax in front of the little terrace that gives access to a nice indoors Parisian garden. The studio includes a electric hoover for cleaning ; an iron and iron table to iron your clothing and the basic cleaning products for the bathroom and kitchen. In addition, you will also have an empty chest of drawers to put your clothing and other stuff.  The
27262	Appartement de 45m² typiquement hausmannien en plein centre de Paris.  Il possède un vrai lit + un canapé lit (matelas quotidien) permettant d'accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Idéal pour une famille avec 2 enfants. Proche de Bastille et République (10min à pieds) et tout près du Marais. 	"The appartment is fully available. Please let me know your arrival time in Paris as soon as possible so I can plan your checkin. I also need to know your checkout time. I will be happy to provide recommendations for great restaurants, shops and sightseeing activities to make your stay memorable. I look forward to helping and make your stay enjoyable ! I chosed this appartment and area because it is in the heart of Paris. Convenient to all parts of the city and minutes from the Seine river. Contrary to other neighborhoods for travelers, Voltaire offers a real parisian feel to it, lost in some of the other places. It is between Bastille / Republique and Marais.  It is nowadays a very emerging place for fooding and nice bars. To finish, it is really close to ""la coulée verte"" where you can easily go running or just walking to Vincennes' Parc. Metro station Voltaire is the closest. Nevertheles Bastille and Republique & Pere Lachaise are alse really close (10min by foot). Taxi, velib (city "
27263	65m² on 3rd floor (no elevator), with an entrance giving on the different rooms:   2 separated bedrooms, 1 living room with a sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom. South oriented, you have a bright sun all day long in the living room and one of the bedrooms.  One bedroom with mezzanine looks on the street ; the other gives on the inner courtyard, has a 2x2m bed a little hightened, and has a dressing room.  The living room has a comfortable sofa bed for 2, a TV with dvd/blue ray drive, a large coffee table and a mange-debout.  The two rooms giving on the street has double glazed windows.  The bathroom is accessible directly from the entrance, has WC and an italian shower ; equiped with a washing machine.  The kitchen gives on the courtyard, entirely equiped (oven, micro-wave, cooktops, fridge, etc.), has a table for lunch. Bath towels, sheets, and toilet paper included.	Bright and spacious flat, 65m² with two bedrooms and a living room. Can accommodate up to 4/5 people (two couples or a family with 3 children) . Located in a lively part of town, 3 subway lines nearby (3, 5, 9). 65m² on 3rd floor (no elevator), with an entrance giving on the different rooms:   2 separated bedrooms, 1 living room with a sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom. South oriented, you have a bright sun all day long in the living room and one of the bedrooms.  One bedroom with mezzanine looks on the street ; the other gives on the inner courtyard, has a 2x2m bed a little hightened, and has a dressing room.  The living room has a comfortable sofa bed for 2, a TV with dvd/blue ray drive, a large coffee table and a mange-debout.  The two rooms giving on the street has double glazed windows.  The bathroom is accessible directly from the entrance, has WC and an italian shower ; equiped with a washing machine.  The kitchen gives on the courtyard, entirely equiped (oven, micro-wave, cooktops, f
27264	Très lumineux, séjour et cuisine ouverte de 60 m² sous verrière zénithale.  3 chambres avec 3 lits (un queensize, un double et un lit simple) pouvant recevoir jusqu'à 5 personnes. A trois minutes de la ligne 2 du Métro et à proximité de la ligne 3, vous accéderez rapidement aux principaux centres d'intérêts de Paris, Montmartre, Opéra, Châtelet, Champs-Elysées... Le bus 96 vous conduira dans le Marais, à Notre Dame ou Saint Germain des Prés jusqu'à Montparnasse. A 10 mn à pied du Canal Saint-Martin (promenade très agréable), de la Place de la République, à peine plus du Marais... Le RER A vous conduira jusqu'à DisneyLand Paris pour une joyeuse journée en famille. Profitez d'un séjour ensoleillé en plein cœur de la capitale française. A lightly 150 meter square loft in the trendy 11th district, lots of shops, cafes and famous restaurants around. Close to Rue Oberkampf, Place de la République, Canal Saint-Martin (a 10 mn pleasant walk) and Le Marais (about 20 mn walk), the apartment is l	150 m² atypique dans une allée verte. Appartement calme et lumineux, situé au fond d'une cour fleurie typique du 11e arrondissement, au cœur de l'est parisien populaire et branché. A proximité de commerces, cafés et restaurants réputés. Très lumineux, séjour et cuisine ouverte de 60 m² sous verrière zénithale.  3 chambres avec 3 lits (un queensize, un double et un lit simple) pouvant recevoir jusqu'à 5 personnes. A trois minutes de la ligne 2 du Métro et à proximité de la ligne 3, vous accéderez rapidement aux principaux centres d'intérêts de Paris, Montmartre, Opéra, Châtelet, Champs-Elysées... Le bus 96 vous conduira dans le Marais, à Notre Dame ou Saint Germain des Prés jusqu'à Montparnasse. A 10 mn à pied du Canal Saint-Martin (promenade très agréable), de la Place de la République, à peine plus du Marais... Le RER A vous conduira jusqu'à DisneyLand Paris pour une joyeuse journée en famille. Profitez d'un séjour ensoleillé en plein cœur de la capitale française. A lightly 150 meter
27265	 This is a warm and bright flat of 35 m2 located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, closed to the districts of Bastille, Le Marais, Belleville. There is a little kitchen (with electric patches, a oven, a refrigerator and a freezer), a living-room, a bathroom and a bedroom with a double bed. We have a washing macheen and internet.   The flat is closed to shops : there is a supermarket just in front of the apartment, a bakery, bars and brasseries. Just behind the flat there is a little and quiet little park. It's a nice, quiet and bohemian district ; in 15 minutes by walk we are in two main places of the parisian night-life : Bastille and Oberkampf. You are also closed the cemetery of Père Lachaise and the district of Le Marais.  Places that we like in the neighbourhood and around… Bars : Le Kitch ; L’international (music on live) ; Aux deux amis...  Restaurants : Le Chateaubriand, Deux fois plus piquant, La Cantine de Belleville... Shopping : Rue de la Roquette (Mademoiselle Jeanne, E	Location du 15 juillet au 15 août 2014 (flexibilité su les dates) This is a warm and bright flat of 35 m2 located in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, closed to the districts of Bastille, Le Marais, Belleville. There is a little kitchen (with electric patches, a oven, a refrigerator and a freezer), a living-room, a bathroom and a bedroom with a double bed. We have a washing macheen and internet.   The flat is closed to shops : there is a supermarket just in front of the apartment, a bakery, bars and brasseries. Just behind the flat there is a little and quiet little park. It's a nice, quiet and bohemian district ; in 15 minutes by walk we are in two main places of the parisian night-life : Bastille and Oberkampf. You are also closed the cemetery of Père Lachaise and the district of Le Marais.  Places that we like in the neighbourhood and around… Bars : Le Kitch ; L’international (music on live) ; Aux deux amis...  Restaurants : Le Chateaubriand, Deux fois plus piquant, La Cantine de Be
27266		Charming room with balcony IN charmîng flat and charmîng résidence and quarter near metro and since bastille  A nice view on Montmartre -Sacré-Cœur  And sun since 12h at 21h00 I leave in my home since 1989 because is so lovely my flat
27267	"Our bright 76sqm appartement is newly renovated and decorated in a loft style. Conveniently situated close to Bastille/Republique area (metro Voltaire line 9).  One big light filled living room with open kitchen. Open bedroom with double bed (160x200). One bathroom with tub. Toilets are separated from the bathroom.  Ultimate luxury in the center of Paris: the living room is a huge 30sqm relaxing place.  Fully stocked with everything you need to feel at home: dish washer, oven, microwave, free WIFI, 50"" HD TV, PS4, washing mashine, TV, Nespresso machine... Comfortable, clean and spacious with very good location in the very center of Paris, a lot to see in a walking distance. Quiet place during the day, you can find all you want at night with lots of bar and restaurants."	"Freshly renovated 76m2 flat in trendy Paris, just 10mn away from ""Le Marais"" . Can't be closer to subway with Voltaire stop just down the appartement (Line 9). Equipped with style, huge living room, kitchen with a bar, large and quiet room! Our bright 76sqm appartement is newly renovated and decorated in a loft style. Conveniently situated close to Bastille/Republique area (metro Voltaire line 9).  One big light filled living room with open kitchen. Open bedroom with double bed (160x200). One bathroom with tub. Toilets are separated from the bathroom.  Ultimate luxury in the center of Paris: the living room is a huge 30sqm relaxing place.  Fully stocked with everything you need to feel at home: dish washer, oven, microwave, free WIFI, 50"" HD TV, PS4, washing mashine, TV, Nespresso machine... Comfortable, clean and spacious with very good location in the very center of Paris, a lot to see in a walking distance. Quiet place during the day, you can find all you want at night with lots of "
27268		A big room in a T5 apartment of 100m² on the 2nd floor, spacious and bright. Ideal location in a quiet street of the 11th district. 10 minutes from Republic by walk
27269		Bonjour, Je suis pret a partager mon appartement et mettre à dispo un lit et un petit dejeuner situé dans un quartier sympa du 11eme ardt, au 7 etage avec ascenceur, toutes commodités, supermarchés, métros, restaurants, bar, proche république
27270		The appartment is situated in the 11e arrondissement, a beautiful and nice neighborhood. The room is in a shared appartment.
27271	Très beau studio de 24 m2 refait à neuf sur la rue Faubourg Saint-Antoine à 30 mètres du métro Lédru-Rollin, coeur du 11ème arrondissement. 	Très beau studio de 24 m2 refait à neuf sur la rue Faubourg Saint-Antoine à 30 mètres du métro Lédru-Rollin, coeur du 11ème arrondissement. Cuisine équipé, accès wifi, machine à laver, salle de bain avec baignoire. Je serai présent pendant le séjour des voyageurs Quartier très sympa, jeune, dynamique. Commerces touts proches, pleins de bars, restaurants et magasins. Rue de Charonne à 30 mètres, Bastille 100 mètres. Supermarché Monoprix à 50m! Métro Ledru-Rollin ligne 8 à 30 mètres,  Bastille ligne 1 et 5 à 3 minutes à pieds, Bus 76 à 10 mètres, Bus 86 à 20 mètres. Très bien placé, pour un excellent séjour à Paris...à découvrir!!
27272	 Situé dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied de la Bastille, de Nation, de la gare de Lyon et à 5 minutes de la place Voltaire. Quartier animé, de nombreux  commerces, des bars branchés, le marché d'Aligre à 5mn.	Studio de 18 m² tout confort avec cuisine aménagée, congélateur, tv, wifi, salle de bain, lave linge, sèche cheveux. Pour une ou deux personnes. Situé dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied de la place de la Bastille.  Situé dans le 11ème arrondissement de Paris, à 10 minutes à pied de la Bastille, de Nation, de la gare de Lyon et à 5 minutes de la place Voltaire. Quartier animé, de nombreux  commerces, des bars branchés, le marché d'Aligre à 5mn. wifi et téléviseur. Draps et serviettes fournis. Les échanges se font par le site et directement pour la remise des clés et caution.  On trouve tout dans notre quartier, à pied : de nombreux commerces, des bars branchés, des restaurants pour toutes les envies. De quoi se faire de bons petits plats: le marché d'Aligre est à 5mn à pied et est ouvert tous les jours. On peut rejoindre la Seine à pied ou en vélib et rejoindre le bois de Vincennes par la promenade plantée. Les métros les plus proches sont: Charonne (ligne 9) ou 
27273	This is a large and sunny private bedroom in huge three bedroom apartment in the heart of the 11th district, close to Rue St Maur, Menilmontant, Pere Lachaise, Oberkampf. The bedroom is fully equipped, with a queen sized and comfortable sofa-bed, a large closet, drawers, several bookshelf and a table.	Very large private room in sunny 3 bedroom apartment in Paris 11th, close to Oberkampf/St Maur/Menilmontant. Terrific location, tons of cafe, bars and restaurant nearby. Easy accessible by train, a short walk from Republique and Canal St Martin. This is a large and sunny private bedroom in huge three bedroom apartment in the heart of the 11th district, close to Rue St Maur, Menilmontant, Pere Lachaise, Oberkampf. The bedroom is fully equipped, with a queen sized and comfortable sofa-bed, a large closet, drawers, several bookshelf and a table. I am very often traveling and renting my room when I'm away. The rest of the apartment is shared with one or two other housemates, depending on the period of the year, both girls in their 30s. Common areas include a large and sunny living room, a bathroom with toilet, washing machine and bathtub and a fully equipped independent kitchen. The apartment is very well served by public transportations, two trains lines (number 2 at Menilmontant and numb
27274	We prepared a list with practical informations about Paris and our area together with our selection of the best places to go for lunch, dinner, a drink, shopping or walking and a selection of the best current exhibitions. We are working as a designer and photographer and we love Paris - what we would like to share with you for that you can discover Paris in a beautiful way!	Very nice apartment of 40m2 located on the 4th floor, without a lift. Quiet and bright with a beautiful view over the roofs of Bastille. Recently refurbished with new windows. It has a large room with an open kitchen, living room with sofa (free wifi We prepared a list with practical informations about Paris and our area together with our selection of the best places to go for lunch, dinner, a drink, shopping or walking and a selection of the best current exhibitions. We are working as a designer and photographer and we love Paris - what we would like to share with you for that you can discover Paris in a beautiful way! The apartment is located RUE DE CHARONNE in the 11th arrondissement, just next to the famous PLACE DE LA BASTILLE and its small harbor along the Seine. The MARAIS is just five minutes away and also the upcoming 12th arrondissement. The island SAINT-LOUIS and the cemetery PERE LACHAISE are a 15 minutes walk. The area of the Bastille is changing and you have - next to car
27275	Charming one bedroom apartment situated on the 4th floor with elevator of a Parisian building. The bedroom is separate from the living room. Located in the very fashionable district 11th of Paris near Place de la Bastille and Gare de Lyon and just a stroll from the beautiful Place des Vosges. It is a trendy district where Parisians live and work while taking advantage of 30 green spaces open to the public. If you like walking, you can stroll along the Canal Saint Martin, famous thanks to the film (Marcel Carné, Hotel du Nord).  The apartment is situated between place de la Bastille, place de la Republique, the Père Lachaise Cemetery and not far from the Marais.	Charming one bedroom apartment situated on the 4th floor with elevator of a Parisian building. The bedroom is separate from the living room. Located in the very fashionable district 11th of Paris near Place de la Bastille and Gare de Lyon and just a stroll from the beautiful Place des Vosges. It is a trendy district where Parisians live and work while taking advantage of 30 green spaces open to the public. If you like walking, you can stroll along the Canal Saint Martin, famous thanks to the film (Marcel Carné, Hotel du Nord).  The apartment is situated between place de la Bastille, place de la Republique, the Père Lachaise Cemetery and not far from the Marais. Standard Check in : 2pm Late check in with out problem. Early check in possible if the appartment is not rented the day prior your arrival
27276	Ces jolies 2 pièces de 33 m ² refait à neuf il y a un an vous séduira par son calme et sa proximité avec le centre.  Situé dans le quartier Bastille / Voltaire, il est à 10 minutes à pieds de la place des Vosges ou du Père Lachaise.  LE LOGEMENT : Il est situé au 1ier étage d’un immeuble coté cours ce qui offre calme et proximité avec le cœur de Paris.  Coin Chambre La chambre est composée d’un grand lit double Coin Salon  Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé convertible et de tables gigognes afin d’grandir l’espace si besoin. Une connexion internet sans fil est disponible. Se trouve de l’autre coté une table avec rallonges pour le petit déjeuné ou les repas avec 4 chaises.   Coin cuisine  La cuisine est équipée de quatre plaques de cuisson, d’un four, d’une machine à café Nespresso, d'une bouilloire, un grille pain mais aussi d'un micro-onde et un réfrigérateur/freezer. Il y a bien évidemment tous les ustensiles nécessaire à la cuisine (couverts, couteau, casseroles, passoire, vaissel	Charming 2 rooms of 33 sqm between Bastille and Père Lachaise. In a vibrant area, you are in the heart of cafes, bars, restaurants and close to the marsh. Cosy & spacious, it can accommodate up to 4 people. Located in a friendly neighborhood, you will find many restaurants, bars, bakeries and supermarket at the foot of the bulding. The appartment is really close from many metro stations > Ligne 9 (green) > Ligne 1 (yellow) > Ligne 5 ( Orange) By walking it is  > 5 Minutes from Bastille > 10 Minutes to the Marais > 20 Minutes from Gare de Lyon  You also have many night buses
27277	The flat is composed in one room that contains : - a double bed - a table / desk - a kitchen - a shower - a washing machine - also a privet toilet right outside the room that belongs only to this apartment The studio is on the 3rd floor (no elevator).	This cozy and comfortable studio fits perfectly for a couple who's interested in getting to know  beautiful Paris for anyone who wants to discover the city from inside will appreciate its privileged location. The flat is composed in one room that contains : - a double bed - a table / desk - a kitchen - a shower - a washing machine - also a privet toilet right outside the room that belongs only to this apartment The studio is on the 3rd floor (no elevator). The WiFi access works all over town (perfect for smartphones), but it is a low streaming and not the most reliable. Simply, enough to read emails slow streaming and surfing. As much as they want within the restrains of my time limits Ideally located in a trendy and popular neighborhood, you will find shops, cafés and restaurants very close by, suitable for daytime as well as night outings. That said, you actually won't be bothered by the district's noisy busy livelihood because the is facing the other way.  A 15 minutes walk to reach
27278	The studio is 290 sq ft (27 m2) with three windows, on the second floor, through a beautiful flowered walkway that gives on to a quiet courtyard. It is in a 18th century building typical of the 11th arrondissement.  The studio has been completely renovated in 2014 keeping it's beautiful wooden Parisian beams yet bringing in a modern and comfortable style. A small entrance gives on to main room with dining area and sofa. The sofa turns into a comfortable bed for 2 (140x200) with an overmatress for extra comfort.  The double main bed (140x200) is in an original cosy nook up a sturdy ladder. It is well ventilated and has great lighting plus a window that overlooks the kitchen. The living room is equipped with a flatscreen reclinable TV, Wifi Internet and international cable channels. You can watch from the comfort of the sofa, from the dining table or even the kitchen. There is a wall full of storage, closet and shelves. Brand new sheets, linen, towels and comforters are at your disposal.	Remodeled brand new stylish loft studio with wooden beams. In the heart of the happening 11th arrondissement, close to Bastille. 2 minutes away from Metro and numerous great restaurants and cafés. Wonderful haven of peace in a quiet courtyard. The studio is 290 sq ft (27 m2) with three windows, on the second floor, through a beautiful flowered walkway that gives on to a quiet courtyard. It is in a 18th century building typical of the 11th arrondissement.  The studio has been completely renovated in 2014 keeping it's beautiful wooden Parisian beams yet bringing in a modern and comfortable style. A small entrance gives on to main room with dining area and sofa. The sofa turns into a comfortable bed for 2 (140x200) with an overmatress for extra comfort.  The double main bed (140x200) is in an original cosy nook up a sturdy ladder. It is well ventilated and has great lighting plus a window that overlooks the kitchen. The living room is equipped with a flatscreen reclinable TV, Wifi Interne
27279	The apartment is unusually spacious by Parisian standards with its 4 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms. With an open living room/dining room floor plan, it is warm and welcoming, conducive to relaxing with friends and family around the large L-shaped couch after a day out sightseeing. The ceilings, lined with original wooden beams, and tall French windows overlooking Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, make the space cozy, sunny and pleasant. Separated by a partial wall, right around the corner from the dining area, is the modern and shiny kitchen, whose walls are painted in warm red tones. With a 4 burner induction stove top, oven, and dishwasher, this kitchen is equipped with high-quality appliances, utensils and cookery, offering everything you’ll need when you bring home the freshest ingredients from the outdoor market. To the right as you walk in, you’ll find the master bedroom with a queen or 2 twins, all made up with pressed Ralph Lauren sheets. An en-suite bathroom with bathtub and sink	This large and spacious duplex sits right on the border of the 3rd and 11th districts. With 4 bedrooms and 2.5 baths, this is the perfect apartment for a large family or group traveling together.  Excellent metro access to all the sites as well! The apartment is unusually spacious by Parisian standards with its 4 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms. With an open living room/dining room floor plan, it is warm and welcoming, conducive to relaxing with friends and family around the large L-shaped couch after a day out sightseeing. The ceilings, lined with original wooden beams, and tall French windows overlooking Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, make the space cozy, sunny and pleasant. Separated by a partial wall, right around the corner from the dining area, is the modern and shiny kitchen, whose walls are painted in warm red tones. With a 4 burner induction stove top, oven, and dishwasher, this kitchen is equipped with high-quality appliances, utensils and cookery, offering everything you’ll ne
27280	"Nice studio flat located in a very lively and creative area with an open kitchen, eating table, TV, wi-fi, sofa, shower room (toilet and washing machine included) and a real bed (fresh towels and linen are provided).  There only is one flight of stairs to access the apartment and the windows open on a little courtyard which allow a lot of natural light to enter the room. The building is situated on a nice cobblestone street surrounded by bars, cafés, shops, restaurants and two open markets... Bastille was traditionally the place where you could find the furniture makers, they still exist and you can look for them in some hidden alleyways if you're curious enough. It is central enough for you to walk your way around a lot of Paris if you feel like it, but if you don't there are three metro lines you can take from there (1, 5, 8) , eight buses ( b20, b29, b65, b69, b76, b86, b87, b91), or you can always try the ""vélib"" (a bicycle rental system you can access from all around the city). Yo"	"Nice studio flat located in a very lively and creative area with an open kitchen, eating table, TV, wi-fi, sofa, shower room (toilet and washing machine included) and a real bed (fresh towels and linen are provided).  There only is one flight of stairs to access the apartment and the windows open on a little courtyard which allow a lot of natural light to enter the room. The building is situated on a nice cobblestone street surrounded by bars, cafés, shops, restaurants and two open markets... Bastille was traditionally the place where you could find the furniture makers, they still exist and you can look for them in some hidden alleyways if you're curious enough. It is central enough for you to walk your way around a lot of Paris if you feel like it, but if you don't there are three metro lines you can take from there (1, 5, 8) , eight buses ( b20, b29, b65, b69, b76, b86, b87, b91), or you can always try the ""vélib"" (a bicycle rental system you can access from all around the city). Yo"
27281	Mon appartement est très agréable et la résidence aussi, mais également le quartier. Je suis une personne convivial et l'accueil sera sympathique. Mon immeuble est situé au centre de 3 différentes stations de métro desservant ainsi tout paris, un bus devant la résidence dessert le marais , châtelet/les halles , la Rue de Rivoli et le Louvre. Il y a une station de vélib en bas de l'immeuble et une station de taxi à 200 m. La vie sur le sacré cœur est jolie  Ils dormiront dans le salon assez spacieux avec terrasse et la cuisine. Moi je dort dans ma chambre (plus petite c'est pourquoi je loue mon salon )il y a la wifi, ils ont la télé à disposition dans le salon, ils pourront utiliser la machine à laver. Je fourni les draps. Il y a une baignoire dans la salle de bain. Le quartier est très agréable avec tous les commerces et 2 pôles touristiques : la bastille et le père Lachaise.  Ils dormiront dans le salon assez spacieux avec terrasse et la cuisine. il y a la wifi, ils ont la télé à disp	Résidence standing sécurisé  Terrasse vue sur sacré cœur  6ème ascenseur, très ensoleillé et très agréable Refait à neuf . Le salon : 2 lits/convertibles pour vous accueillir. Tous commerce à 50m dont 3 Resto/ bar sympa avec terrasse. Entre bastille et père-Lachaise. Mon appartement est très agréable et la résidence aussi, mais également le quartier. Je suis une personne convivial et l'accueil sera sympathique. Mon immeuble est situé au centre de 3 différentes stations de métro desservant ainsi tout paris, un bus devant la résidence dessert le marais , châtelet/les halles , la Rue de Rivoli et le Louvre. Il y a une station de vélib en bas de l'immeuble et une station de taxi à 200 m. La vie sur le sacré cœur est jolie  Ils dormiront dans le salon assez spacieux avec terrasse et la cuisine. Moi je dort dans ma chambre (plus petite c'est pourquoi je loue mon salon )il y a la wifi, ils ont la télé à disposition dans le salon, ils pourront utiliser la machine à laver. Je fourni les draps. 
27282	cosy, peaceful and recently renewed (2014) , the flat is a fine spot to end after an intensive ballade in Paris. As we do love Paris and know her pretty well, w'llshare  with you all our good tips to discover the city in the best ways.	50m2 of light, space  and comfort to spare from 1 to 3 people in a brand renewed loft at République. Convenient to visit Paris, walking, bus,bicycling or with  the metro (3mn home). All accomodations (supermarket 7/7).  Price is less, staying longer cosy, peaceful and recently renewed (2014) , the flat is a fine spot to end after an intensive ballade in Paris. As we do love Paris and know her pretty well, w'llshare  with you all our good tips to discover the city in the best ways. If you have any questions or demands we are presents and easy to reach, you 'll get our help. night live can be fun in Paris, you are next to it but not into it. It means, restaurants and all kinds of bars are around in a 5/10 mn walk! Metro (3mn), bus (2mn), bicycle to rent (1mn), auto to rent (downstairs), taxi (3mn). From République, you can go everywhere in Paris
27283	Studio idéal pour un maximum de 3 personnes. Proche du très animé quartier de la bastille. Avec tout le confort moderne.	Grande estúdio no primeiro andar de um prédio de 5 andares. A 5 min do metro Nation, 7 min do metro Faidherbe Chaligny, 3 min do metrô Reuilly Diderot e 20 min da famosa praça da bastille. Aos arredores dessa praça você encontra vários lugares para s
27284	Clean, bright and very well located, this flat is the perfect launching pad for a trip in Paris! The close Nation Metro stop provides direct access to all Paris wonders (Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, Champs Elysées, le Marais in 15 minutes). The vibrant East-Paris area with plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs is just next door! (5 min Metro : Bastille, Republique, Menilmontant, Oberkampf)	Clean, cosy and fully furnished flat, 100 metres from Nation Metro stop (Metro lines 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A). Quiet street, lively neighborhood, close to all amenities. Perfectf for one or two couples (one bedroom and a living room with a mattress) Clean, bright and very well located, this flat is the perfect launching pad for a trip in Paris! The close Nation Metro stop provides direct access to all Paris wonders (Eiffel Tower, Montmartre, Champs Elysées, le Marais in 15 minutes). The vibrant East-Paris area with plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs is just next door! (5 min Metro : Bastille, Republique, Menilmontant, Oberkampf) 2-room flat : - double bedroom (with clean sheets) - living room with TV & wifi access (with an extra mattress if you need) - well equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, toaster, kettle) - bathroom (with clean towels) - a washing machine As the whole flat is for you, we won't spend much time together ;) But I'm keen to provide some advice in order to make you have 
27285	Live your parisian experience to the fullest!  Located in trendy 11th district, the appartment is very close to iconic Place de la Bastille, République, Cimetière du Père Lachaise and Place de la Nation, and is just a few minute walk to many buses and metro lines. The place has one comfy bedroom (double bed), separate bathroom and a cosy living room with an American kitchen.  All furnished : diswhasher, oven, microwave, washing machine, dryer, etc. Wifi access. Elevator in the building.	Modern and bright appartment, recently renovated and fully equipped. Ideally located on rue de Charonne, at the heart of one of the trendiest parisian districts, with plenty of shops, supermarkets and restaurants within walking distance. Live your parisian experience to the fullest!  Located in trendy 11th district, the appartment is very close to iconic Place de la Bastille, République, Cimetière du Père Lachaise and Place de la Nation, and is just a few minute walk to many buses and metro lines. The place has one comfy bedroom (double bed), separate bathroom and a cosy living room with an American kitchen.  All furnished : diswhasher, oven, microwave, washing machine, dryer, etc. Wifi access. Elevator in the building. Building calm and secured, with digital codes.
27286	THE APARTMENT Located on the 1st floor without elevator, this cosy apartment offers a  sitting room with a dining table for 4. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, large dressing space and wc. - Bedroom with 1 real bed for 2 people - Sitting room	Quiet and cosy apartment located near Bastille on the 1st floor without lift, not far from the Bastille and the Marais. The building is located in a rather big private courtyard, typical of this vibrant Parisian district. The location is ideal for ca THE APARTMENT Located on the 1st floor without elevator, this cosy apartment offers a  sitting room with a dining table for 4. The apartment is very quiet and bright. - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, large dressing space and wc. - Bedroom with 1 real bed for 2 people - Sitting room Located in a quiet building in a private and calm courtyard, the flat is located on the 1st floor at a short walk from the Bastille and the Marais. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants, cafés, bars and numerous shops. The apartment is the ideal base to visit Bastille, the Marais and any other famous Parisian monuments like Notre-Dame de Paris o
27287	Très confortable, douillet, décoration soignée et de bon gout, lumineux avec ses trois belles fenêtres, fonctionnel, équipement complet, de qualité, état neuf (Grande penderie, frigo, lave linge, four + micro ondes, jolie vaisselle, grande télé, hifi, wifi ...) Un espace repas.	Fully equipped studio on the 3rd floor (lift) of a traditional Haussmann building with a flowery cobbled courtyard.  Sleeps 3 Separate kitchen, entrance, shower room/wc 10
27288	Completely renovated by architects (us ) with clever design and quality materials, the apartment in a late 19th-century building is packed with modern comfort.  It's not a big apartment, but we worked our magic to make it feel and function as a place twice its size and equipped it with the luxury of quality products. Spacious marble shower with rain shower head; Highest quality Egyptian cotton satin and 100% down bedding; A large walk-in closet to arrange your clothing just like at home; Stylish kitchen fully equipped with top quality Italian stainless steel pots and pans,etc. For those who wants to practice French cooking, a legendary Le Creuset cast iron pot is at your disposal.  We've used ecological and environment friendly construction materials to make sure the place is sound for the health of its inhabitant. We use organic and plant-based cleaning products for house keeping and laundry, we provide our guest organic soaps, shampoo and shower gel.  There are also qualities of our 	Located in a dynamic east Parisian neighborhood, our newly-remodeled 1 bedroom apartment is custom-designed not just for photos but more for the comfort of its inhabitants.  We provide high quality amenities for our guests to ensure a perfect stay.  Enjoy the authentic Parisian life provided by amazing restaurants and local artisanal stores in the neighborhood. A true 'live like a local' experience in the new 'left bank' of Paris . Completely renovated by architects (us ) with clever design and quality materials, the apartment in a late 19th-century building is packed with modern comfort.  It's not a big apartment, but we worked our magic to make it feel and function as a place twice its size and equipped it with the luxury of quality products. Spacious marble shower with rain shower head; Highest quality Egyptian cotton satin and 100% down bedding; A large walk-in closet to arrange your clothing just like at home; Stylish kitchen fully equipped with top quality Italian stainless steel
27289	A fully renovated, charming 2 piece apartment, situated on the Square Maurice Gardette. On the 6th floor of an old parisian building, it has an exceptional view on the square and the Parisian rooftops.  Perfect for one person or a couple. I finished renovating this apartment and moved in a few months ago. Furnished with design pieces from brands such as Zeus, The Conran Shop, Merci and HAY. The bathroom, the kitchen (fully-equipped, with an oven, refrigerator, dish-washer, etc) and the toilets are brand new. 	A fully renovated, charming 2 piece apartment, situated at the Square Maurice Gardette. On the 6th floor of an old parisian building, it has an exceptional view on the square and the Parisian rooftops. Perfect for one person or a couple. A fully renovated, charming 2 piece apartment, situated on the Square Maurice Gardette. On the 6th floor of an old parisian building, it has an exceptional view on the square and the Parisian rooftops.  Perfect for one person or a couple. I finished renovating this apartment and moved in a few months ago. Furnished with design pieces from brands such as Zeus, The Conran Shop, Merci and HAY. The bathroom, the kitchen (fully-equipped, with an oven, refrigerator, dish-washer, etc) and the toilets are brand new.  When I rent my apartment I usually stay in Paris, so you can always contact me by phone/ message/ e-mail. I will be reachable quickly in case there is a problem, and I will also be happy to help you and give you tips about the city. The apartment 
27290	"More photos ** soon andon request ** Very charming apartment ""rue faidherbe"" in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Metro line 9 Charonne and metro 8 Faidherbe It is rented during my vacation, so furnished, with internet access, imac available, a nice library (book and french comics), wardrobe will be cleared, and bed with new linens. The computer is full of movies / music at your disposal. The flat is on the sixth floor, it is very quiet and bright. 22m2 but extremely well laid out, it appears much more. - Large bedroom with a wardrobe that will be emptied. New sheets. - Bright bathroom and separate toilet - A kitchen with utensils to cook and real space to eat. close to the aligre market where you will find everything you need, very good quality, good place to drink wine, go out 5 minutes max walk to rue de charonne, perfect for shopping. also near le marais. You will find plenty of affordable and delicious restaurant, I would love to leave you with some addresses and tips for your sta"	"More photos ** soon andon request ** Very charming apartment ""rue faidherbe"" in the 11th arrondissement of Paris. Metro line 9 Charonne and metro 8 Faidherbe It is rented during my vacation, so furnished, with internet access, imac available, a nice library (book and french comics), wardrobe will be cleared, and bed with new linens. The computer is full of movies / music at your disposal. The flat is on the sixth floor, it is very quiet and bright. 22m2 but extremely well laid out, it appears much more. - Large bedroom with a wardrobe that will be emptied. New sheets. - Bright bathroom and separate toilet - A kitchen with utensils to cook and real space to eat. close to the aligre market where you will find everything you need, very good quality, good place to drink wine, go out 5 minutes max walk to rue de charonne, perfect for shopping. also near le marais. You will find plenty of affordable and delicious restaurant, I would love to leave you with some addresses and tips for your sta"
27291	Stylish one-bedroom apartment in a building dating from the 19th century. The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor of a secured block, at the end of a cobbled alleyway, so although it's on a lively street it's also very quiet and safe. It is located in a trendy area packed with bars, cafés and restaurants. It is a 10-minute walk from the Marais neighbourhood.  There is a street market just seconds away every Tuesday and Friday mornings.  The place has been recently refurbished. There are wood floors throughout (except in the bathroom), double glazed windows, rolling shutters, as well as stylish exposed brickwork walls and a platform bed. The bedroom comprises a wardrobe, a closet and a desk. It has a fully equipped kitchen that opens into the living area with a comfy sofa.	A taste of Parisian spirit in an oasis of calm right in the middle of the action! Stylish one-bedroom apartment in a building dating from the 19th century. The apartment is situated on the 3rd floor of a secured block, at the end of a cobbled alleyway, so although it's on a lively street it's also very quiet and safe. It is located in a trendy area packed with bars, cafés and restaurants. It is a 10-minute walk from the Marais neighbourhood.  There is a street market just seconds away every Tuesday and Friday mornings.  The place has been recently refurbished. There are wood floors throughout (except in the bathroom), double glazed windows, rolling shutters, as well as stylish exposed brickwork walls and a platform bed. The bedroom comprises a wardrobe, a closet and a desk. It has a fully equipped kitchen that opens into the living area with a comfy sofa. The closest metro station is Parmentier, on line 3, just 2 minutes away. Lines 2, 5, 8, 9 and 11 are less than 10 minutes away. Bus 
27292	Perfectly located close to Bastille and the Marais, we offer our beautiful 2 bedroom aparment renovated in 2012 of 62 square meter located at the 4th floor with elevator. Location : Very pleasant with some restaurants, small shops (bakery, supemarket). Ideally located to discovery the city of Paris (Place des Vosges, Hotel de Ville, Bastille Opera, Notre Dame Cathedral).  Transportation: very close to the subway (2 minutes walk to line 5 and 7minutes to lines 1 and 8). Velib (Bicycle) station just down the street.  Apartment : 3 princpal romms (1 lounge room / kitchen, 2 rooms) - Lounge room / kitchen : 30 square meters decorated with taste and with a nice sofa and a table for 6 people. Fully equiped modern kitchen. - Room 1 : Bed for 2 people - Room 2 : Confortable convertible sofa for 2 people  - Bathroom : Italian style shower with washing and drying machines  - Toilet  Wifi access to internet, TV with lots of chanels (Canal +) 	Perfectly located close to Bastille and the Marais, we offer our beautiful 2 bedroom aparment renovated in 2012 of 62 square meter located at the 4th floor with elevator. Location : Very pleasant with some restaurants, small shops (bakery, supemarket). Ideally located to discovery the city of Paris (Place des Vosges, Hotel de Ville, Bastille Opera, Notre Dame Cathedral).  Transportation: very close to the subway (2 minutes walk to line 5 and 7minutes to lines 1 and 8). Velib (Bicycle) station just down the street.  Apartment : 3 princpal romms (1 lounge room / kitchen, 2 rooms) - Lounge room / kitchen : 30 square meters decorated with taste and with a nice sofa and a table for 6 people. Fully equiped modern kitchen. - Room 1 : Bed for 2 people - Room 2 : Confortable convertible sofa for 2 people  - Bathroom : Italian style shower with washing and drying machines  - Toilet  Wifi access to internet, TV with lots of chanels (Canal +) 
27293	Family home with loft spirit: you enter directly a very spacious area where sitting room, kitchen, dining room are all-in-one, open onto a conservatory-type convertible room (study/reading room by day and bedroom at night, with high quality sofa-bed). Children's room is separated and very large.  2 adults can sleep in the bedroom, 2 other people on the sofa (in 2 separate parts, each as broad as standard single bed) and 1 single size bed, and 1 baby cot in the separate bedroom. The flat is located in a very lively and yet authentic neighborhood. Plenty of shops (food, bars, clothes) and markets nearby (daily: St Martin, St Quentin, on sundays: Alibert). 	Bright and large family flat, with spacious main space, open onto all other rooms.  Enjoy a cosy and quiet spirit in a lively neibourhood. Very central, very well connected, recently renovated and decorated flat. Located on 4th floor, no elevator. Family home with loft spirit: you enter directly a very spacious area where sitting room, kitchen, dining room are all-in-one, open onto a conservatory-type convertible room (study/reading room by day and bedroom at night, with high quality sofa-bed). Children's room is separated and very large.  2 adults can sleep in the bedroom, 2 other people on the sofa (in 2 separate parts, each as broad as standard single bed) and 1 single size bed, and 1 baby cot in the separate bedroom. The flat is located in a very lively and yet authentic neighborhood. Plenty of shops (food, bars, clothes) and markets nearby (daily: St Martin, St Quentin, on sundays: Alibert). You will enjoyed a fully equiped kitchen, with induction cooking, micro-wave, fridge and d
27294	- Very bright (large windows) - Not overlooked - Warm (parquet and plants) - Well-heated - Bathroom with tub - On the 3rd floor of a beautiful building with Guardian. Lively. Many bars and restaurants. Close to several subway lines: Line 2: Belleville Line 3: Parmentier Line 11: Goncourt Line 5/11 Republic	Really nice place to live in Paris !  - Very bright (large windows) - Not overlooked - Warm (parquet and plants) - Well-heated - Bathroom with tub - On the 3rd floor of a beautiful building with Guardian. Lively. Many bars and restaurants. Close to several subway lines: Line 2: Belleville Line 3: Parmentier Line 11: Goncourt Line 5/11 Republic
27295		Ancien atelier d'artiste, dans cour intérieure. Maisonnette de 20m2 + vrai mezzanine (avec lit double), accueillante et chaleureuse. EN - Former artist's studio in courtyard. Cosy 'maisonette' 20m2 + mezzanine (with double bed). Rue tranquille au coeur du quartier Parmentier/Oberkampf. Proche de toutes commodités. EN - Quiet street in the heart of the district Parmentier/Oberkampf. Close to all amenities. Métro lignes 2, 3 et 11 à moins de 7 mn à pied. Place de la République (lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 et 11) à 10 mn. EN - Metro lines 2, 3 and 11, less than 7 minutes walk. Place de la République (lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11) 10 min. Belle hauteur sous plafond. Toiture en bois (avec deux fenêtres de toit).  L'accès à la mezzanine par une petite échelle (voir photo), non adapté aux personnes à mobilité réduite. EN - Nice high wood ceiling (with two roof windows). The mezzanine can be achieved by a small ladder (see picture), access not suitable for people with reduced mobility.
27296	My flat is a 70 Meters flat with 2 rooms, 2 shower rooms and 2 toilets. You have yours, i have mine. The quarter is safe, even during the night.  The building is a little one in a quiet very little street . The flat is on the first floor.. No noise. We feel living in a house and not is a big building. And yet, you are in Paris, very close to Bastille Quarter, Nation Quarter, with lot of commodities (bakery, shops, restaurants), very close to the metro (line 1) - only 200 meter to walk to take the Line 1 : with the metro, you can be in the heart of paris ( Bastille, Marais, Les Halles, Hôtel de Ville) in 10  minutes !	Live like a real parisian ! My aim : you feel  cosy at home ! The flat is VERY quiet and yet, very close to the heart of Paris (Bastille, Les Halles). Quarter safe, very easily accessible, with all commodities you need ! I Want you feel confortable My flat is a 70 Meters flat with 2 rooms, 2 shower rooms and 2 toilets. You have yours, i have mine. The quarter is safe, even during the night.  The building is a little one in a quiet very little street . The flat is on the first floor.. No noise. We feel living in a house and not is a big building. And yet, you are in Paris, very close to Bastille Quarter, Nation Quarter, with lot of commodities (bakery, shops, restaurants), very close to the metro (line 1) - only 200 meter to walk to take the Line 1 : with the metro, you can be in the heart of paris ( Bastille, Marais, Les Halles, Hôtel de Ville) in 10  minutes ! Métro Reuilly Diderot Station or Nation Station. You can access at all my flat except my sleeping room. You have a key just fo
27297	Appartement très calme équipé d'un balconnet et d'une grande fenêtre pour profiter de du soleil  une bonne partie de la journée.	Appartement très calme équipé d'un balconnet et d'une grande fenêtre pour profiter de du soleil  une bonne partie de la journée. La nourriture car beaucoup de bons restaurants, proximité avec tout Paris, Le cimetière du Père Lachaise, l'ambiance générale du quartier avec beaucoup d'endroits paisibles et authentiques (marcher d'Alligre ouvert tout les matins et situé à 10 min à pieds)  Ce logement est très bien Desservi par métros, bus et Vélib et permet d'accéder rapidement et facilement aux endroits intéressant de la capitale. 
27298		Brand new 25m² studio in the district of 'Place de la Bastiile' (2 minutes walk from the metro station Bastille), close to the 'Marais' area. Fully furnished : kitchen, bathroom, bed linen, towels, ... Quiet, charm. A prefect spot to discover Paris !
27299	In a great area for night-life and a short walk from Canal St Martin, while tucked away in a quiet, green passage.	Located in the lively Oberkampf neighbourhood, tucked away in a quiet passage, allowing for easy access to great night-life, while having a good night's sleep. In a great area for night-life and a short walk from Canal St Martin, while tucked away in a quiet, green passage. You are welcome to the living space, kitchen and bathroom of course. I am usually only around evenings and rarely on weekends. My 4yo son usually stays with me during the week, but will be upstairs with me so we will do our best to stay discreet. The apartment is in Oberkampf, you can't find better nightlife. A short walk to the beautiful Canal St Martin, Republique, Belleville, and Menilmontant. Very close to public transport: Metro Parmentier (line 3), Couronnes (line 2) and Goncourt (line 11), Bus 96 My 2 adorable cats basically love everyone (but they not allowed in the guest room:)
