8400	A well-polished staircase leads to my 5th floor, 55 m2 (592 ft) apartment, which overlooks the courtyard from the kitchen and the bedroom and overlooks the street on the other side from the living-room and sunny balcony. A nice typically parisian appartment, with a quiet room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a sunny living room with balcony to enjoy your breakfast. The kitchen has everything you will need to cook a great meal, including spices ans herbs from all around the world. There is a dish washer, a fridge, a microwave as well as a large table to enjoy your meal. A short walking distance away, is the picturesque canal saint Martin. Right behind to our building is a velib' station as well as in front of Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord, where you can get a bicycle for the day.	A nice typically parisian apartment, with a quiet room, a big kitchen, a bathroom and a sunny living room with a balcony to enjoy your breakfast. 3 minutes by walk from Eurostar. Access via RER lines B, D, E and Metro lines 4, 5, 7. 40 min away from Charles de Gaule airport. A well-polished staircase leads to my 5th floor, 55 m2 (592 ft) apartment, which overlooks the courtyard from the kitchen and the bedroom and overlooks the street on the other side from the living-room and sunny balcony. A nice typically parisian appartment, with a quiet room, a kitchen, a bathroom and a sunny living room with balcony to enjoy your breakfast. The kitchen has everything you will need to cook a great meal, including spices ans herbs from all around the world. There is a dish washer, a fridge, a microwave as well as a large table to enjoy your meal. A short walking distance away, is the picturesque canal saint Martin. Right behind to our building is a velib' station as well as in front of Gare de l'Es
8401	Lumineux  Balcon filant dans toutes les pièces , sauf cuisine et Sdb  Calme  Quartier hyper sympa , très nombreux commerces , bars et restos  Vue dégagée sur parc (et vue dit Tour Eiffel !) Refait à neuf  Tout équipé (wifi , station accueil , TV , four , mo , lave vaisselle , lave et sèche linge...)	3 pièces en parfait état avec balcon filant  5ème étage avec ascenseur  Vue dégagée sur un petit parc  Rue très calme , a 300 mètres de l'hôtel du Nord et de toute l'animation du quartier  Parfaitement équipé, vous ne manquerez de rien ...! Lumineux  Balcon filant dans toutes les pièces , sauf cuisine et Sdb  Calme  Quartier hyper sympa , très nombreux commerces , bars et restos  Vue dégagée sur parc (et vue dit Tour Eiffel !) Refait à neuf  Tout équipé (wifi , station accueil , TV , four , mo , lave vaisselle , lave et sèche linge...) Accueil personnalisé Le canal !  Pont tournant , écluses , croisières ...  Le charme d'un quartier unique à Paris  Le quartier !  Hyper tendance , des restos et des magasins tres sympas  Bien desservi !  Metro Fabien a 300 mètres  Bus (lignes 46 et 75) au pied de l'immeuble  Place république a 10 mn a pied Sejour de 4 nuits minimum
8402	Delightful studio of 15m ², clear, calm and bright, any comfort (room of bath with shower and TOILET, bed 2 places) perfectly equipped. Located near the Channel Saint-Martin, in the middle of Paris, in 5mn of Republic and Railway station of l 'Est, in 10 min of Railway station of the North, in the 10th arrondissement. Close subway (lines 2, 4, 5, 9 and 11). You will be of benefit d 'une true life of quarter, restaurants, bars, everything trade, supermarkets, lavomatic, park, true small paradise.  Characteristics: - Internet WIFI - Coffee maker Senséo - Oven - Grills bread - Kettle - electrical Plates 	Delightful studio of 15m ², clear, calm and bright, any comfort (room of bath with shower and TOILET, bed 2 places) perfectly equipped. Located near the Channel Saint-Martin, in the middle of Paris, in 5mn of Republic and Railway station of l 'Est, in 10 min of Railway station of the North, in the 10th arrondissement. Close subway (lines 2, 4, 5, 9 and 11). You will be of benefit d 'une true life of quarter, restaurants, bars, everything trade, supermarkets, lavomatic, park, true small paradise.  Characteristics: - Internet WIFI - Coffee maker Senséo - Oven - Grills bread - Kettle - electrical Plates 
8403	Living area with fully equipped open plan kitchen.   5th floor, with lift, overlooking inside courtyard. The entrance to the building is on the Canal St Martin.   5 minutes from a shopping street with all amenities, many restaurants, boutiques and cafés, on both sides of the canal…   Near the Secrétan market for (website hidden)2 Quai de Loire and Quai de Seine cinemas for film lovers, Point Ephémère for those who love music and concerts, water at the Parc de la Villette and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont 15 minutes walking distance.	This beautiful apartment (classic Haussmannian building with wooden floors and fireplace) has 3 bedrooms, including 1 master with shower room, 1 double, 1 child’s room with mezzanine bed and child’s bed with bathroom (with bath). Living area with fully equipped open plan kitchen.   5th floor, with lift, overlooking inside courtyard. The entrance to the building is on the Canal St Martin.   5 minutes from a shopping street with all amenities, many restaurants, boutiques and cafés, on both sides of the canal…   Near the Secrétan market for (website hidden)2 Quai de Loire and Quai de Seine cinemas for film lovers, Point Ephémère for those who love music and concerts, water at the Parc de la Villette and the Parc des Buttes Chaumont 15 minutes walking distance.
8404	"A romantic eight floor studio in the heart of the famous ""Canal Saint Martin"". Located on the a calm street off the Canal with an elevator, this is a most romantic and practical place for a single visiting Paris or a couple looking to truly experience Paris as a Parisian. The apartment has all you require : brand new shower, equipped kitchen (fridge, toaster, hot plate, plated, qatluri and so on..), cable TV, hair dryer, towels, radio, CD player and so on.. We also offer you free internet connection and a phone. The studio was specifically designed as a holiday apartment and so it is very functional and practical. The big Parisian window lightens the apartment and gives a marvelous view of the Paris rooftops. You can find on the same street a supermarket (FRANPRIX) and in Faubourg du Temple street you will find bakeries, shops and restaurants. Between Boulevard de Magenta and Canal st Martin there are many small delis with the best French food you can get, and it is very recommended to"	"A romantic eight floor studio in the heart of the famous ""Canal Saint Martin"". Located on the a calm street off the Canal with an elevator, this is a most romantic and practical place for a single visiting Paris or a couple. A romantic eight floor studio in the heart of the famous ""Canal Saint Martin"". Located on the a calm street off the Canal with an elevator, this is a most romantic and practical place for a single visiting Paris or a couple looking to truly experience Paris as a Parisian. The apartment has all you require : brand new shower, equipped kitchen (fridge, toaster, hot plate, plated, qatluri and so on..), cable TV, hair dryer, towels, radio, CD player and so on.. We also offer you free internet connection and a phone. The studio was specifically designed as a holiday apartment and so it is very functional and practical. The big Parisian window lightens the apartment and gives a marvelous view of the Paris rooftops. You can find on the same street a supermarket (FRANPRIX)"
8405	You can be assured to have in Paris a real apartment of life with all the comfort necessary for a good stay in this fantastic city! For information in French, please contact Jean-Marie For information in English,  German, Spanish or Dutch, contact Marcelle. Very comfortable Apartment, 2 rooms (living room with bed couch and sleeping room), sleeping for  4 persons maximum, air conditioning, refrigerator, Internet and unlimited telephone (optical  fiber) , kitchen, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, hairdryer, piano, etc. Cosmopolitan, alive and pleasant environment. Shops, restaurants and bars nearby and direct access to the hyper-center of Paris (City hall / Châtelet) by the line 11 in 10 minutes! For more information: locationparis (point) groud (point) fr BEWARE: - No direct booking, booking obliged through the site - NON-SMOKING  apartment Thank you 	Bedroom - mezzanine 2 seats (160 x 200) - dryer  Living room - convertible 2 seater - digital piano - Internet  Kitchen - microwave - washing machine Shower room - shower (90cm) - WC - sink  You can be assured to have in Paris a real apartment of life with all the comfort necessary for a good stay in this fantastic city! For information in French, please contact Jean-Marie For information in English,  German, Spanish or Dutch, contact Marcelle. Very comfortable Apartment, 2 rooms (living room with bed couch and sleeping room), sleeping for  4 persons maximum, air conditioning, refrigerator, Internet and unlimited telephone (optical  fiber) , kitchen, washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, hairdryer, piano, etc. Cosmopolitan, alive and pleasant environment. Shops, restaurants and bars nearby and direct access to the hyper-center of Paris (City hall / Châtelet) by the line 11 in 10 minutes! For more information: locationparis (point) groud (point) fr BEWARE: - No direct booking, booking obl
8406	Situated in 10th, the district of restaurants and trendy bars, the apartment is very quiet, on courtyard. Measuring 52m2, with a continuous balcony,it is very bright and functional: 1 room with a bed for two, 1 equipped kitchen, 1 livingroom, 1 bathroom (with shower) and 1 separated toilet. It is a classic Parisian apartment (parquet and floor-tiles), warm, clean, quiet and very well placed. Internet - WiFi - TV metro: chateau d'eau, bonne nouvelle, gare de l'est/gare du nord	The apartment is very quiet and bright, is in the heart of Paris's most fashionable neighborhood. You will love the building and courtyards, balcony, hardwood floors and tiled mixture. Situated in 10th, the district of restaurants and trendy bars, the apartment is very quiet, on courtyard. Measuring 52m2, with a continuous balcony,it is very bright and functional: 1 room with a bed for two, 1 equipped kitchen, 1 livingroom, 1 bathroom (with shower) and 1 separated toilet. It is a classic Parisian apartment (parquet and floor-tiles), warm, clean, quiet and very well placed. Internet - WiFi - TV metro: chateau d'eau, bonne nouvelle, gare de l'est/gare du nord The area is really nice, lots of restaurants and small retailers, galleries and a covered market within 5 minutes walk. We are 10 minutes walk from Republic, the Grands Boulevards and the Canal Saint Martin. The station is the nearest metro Waterhouse but also Strasbourg St-Denis where you can radiate throughout Paris. This area is 
8407	Private room, beautiful view on the parisians roofs. A room composed with the bed (140cm), a rest place, a shower and toilet place and a small kitchen place.  Very nice communication: our appartment is in the same building, just under your studio. We give you many tips about the a selection of good restaurants around this special location. We know very well Paris and the activities of the capital in art, design, fashion, fooding, so we can advice you the places to visit, the exhibitions, the secret of Paris...	Private room, beautiful view on the parisians roofs. Very quiet. Proximity: our appartment is just near this studio. 10 minutes walking from Le Marais, Montmartre, Opéra, Les Halles, Le Louvre. A design and charming place. Good restaurants area. Private room, beautiful view on the parisians roofs. A room composed with the bed (140cm), a rest place, a shower and toilet place and a small kitchen place.  Very nice communication: our appartment is in the same building, just under your studio. We give you many tips about the a selection of good restaurants around this special location. We know very well Paris and the activities of the capital in art, design, fashion, fooding, so we can advice you the places to visit, the exhibitions, the secret of Paris... The guest will have everything inside the studio: bedroom, showers and toilets, a small kitchen place as to take a quiet time with tea, coffee. A small fridge and a micro waves are proposed to the guest. The fridge is always charged of ju
8408	    LOWER MONTMARTRE    rue Delta & rue du Faubourg Poissonniere    9th arrondisement    Title: Spacious, modern luxury flat and private garden 110 per night.  (minimum stay 2 nights) Description: 100 m2 plus garden, large, spacious elegant and quiet apartment in center of Paris. 5 minute walk to Gare du Nord.  Perfect for a visiting couple or group of 3.   Long Description: Luxury, designer flat. WiFi internet, private garden. 2 floors, high ceilings, lots of space. Full bathroom, separate shower and bathtub. Large kitchen with all utilities. Living room has couch that converts to single bed.   Bedroom with king size bed.  One block from metro: Barbes, full kitchen    no pets, smoking allowed. Visitors have the apartment to themselves.	    LOWER MONTMARTRE    rue Delta & rue du Faubourg Poissonniere    9th arrondisement    Title: Spacious, modern luxury flat and private garden 110 per night.  (minimum stay 2 nights) Description: 100 m2 plus garden, large, spacious elegant and quiet apartment in center of Paris. 5 minute walk to Gare du Nord.  Perfect for a visiting couple or group of 3.   Long Description: Luxury, designer flat. WiFi internet, private garden. 2 floors, high ceilings, lots of space. Full bathroom, separate shower and bathtub. Large kitchen with all utilities. Living room has couch that converts to single bed.   Bedroom with king size bed.  One block from metro: Barbes, full kitchen    no pets, smoking allowed. Visitors have the apartment to themselves. a five minute walk from gare du nord,cinq minutes a pied de la gare du nord
8409	Appartement à louer au centre de Paris, au calme avec petit balcon sur verdure dans résidence sécurisée à 5mn à pieds du canal STmartin 2 minutes du Metro colonel fabien(direct charles de gaulle étoile).Situé au 1er étage , avec ascenseur vous etes au coeur de paris , à deux pas du quartier branché du canal st martin , à 10mn du grand parc des buttes chaumont, et 10 mn de république.appartement fonctionnel et propre , pas de tv; code wifi ok appartement à louer. Cordialement Florence	Appartement à louer au centre de Paris, au calme avec petit balcon sur verdure dans résidence sécurisée à 5mn à pieds du canal STmartin 2 minutes du Metro colonel fabien(direct charles de gaulle étoile).Situé au 1er étage , avec ascenseur vous etes au coeur de paris , à deux pas du quartier branché du canal st martin , à 10mn du grand parc des buttes chaumont, et 10 mn de république.appartement fonctionnel et propre , pas de tv; code wifi ok appartement à louer. Cordialement Florence Une ligne de métro se trouve à proximité de l'appartement 2 mns exactement.
8410	Welcome guys!  I just bought this apartment that I renovated and it’s waiting for you.. The neighborhood is really pleasant, trendy and safe. Full of shops, restaurants, and bars. You’re 5 minutes away from the romantic Canal Saint Martin, the new trendy area of Belleville, Republic Square, and The Buttes Chaumont for those who love walks, parks and nature. 	Located in a really pleasant, safe and central area in Paris close to the Canal Saint-Martin and Republic. This 45m2 apt (480ft2) has been renovated. Located on the 2nd floor of a 1920 Art Deco building. Perfect for couples or friends. Up to 4 people Welcome guys!  I just bought this apartment that I renovated and it’s waiting for you.. The neighborhood is really pleasant, trendy and safe. Full of shops, restaurants, and bars. You’re 5 minutes away from the romantic Canal Saint Martin, the new trendy area of Belleville, Republic Square, and The Buttes Chaumont for those who love walks, parks and nature. The place is fully equipped. It’s on the 2nd floor of a 1920 Art Deco building with a lift and a concierge. You won’t have to share it. It’s completely yours. It’s perfect for couples with or without children, or friends who want something different from the usual Hotel package. There's a nice bedroom with a small balcony and a sofa bed in the living room for 1 or 2 people. Sheets, blan
8411		Appartement atypique sur cour quartier Canal Saint Martin. Salle de bain avec baignoire, grande cuisine equipée, bel espace et possibilité canapé lit pour +2 personnes. Metro 7,5,2. Commerces. Un pied a terre plein de charme ideal au centre de Paris.
8412	Cet appartement est agréable de par son agencement (cuisine séparée et orientation est/ouest qui offre une lumière traversante), sa situation géographique, idéale pour sillonner Paris ! Le canal de l'Ourq, à 10min à pieds (station Stalingrad M2) permet de belles balades, sorties, cinéma... L'immeuble est propre et calme, le balcon offre une vue plongeante vers la Gare du Nord d'un côté et le métro La Chapelle de l'autre, ce qui apporte un vrai plus au charme de l'appartement.	Studio de 30m2 avec balcon, cuisine séparée, salon avec lit mezzanine et salle de bain, au 5ème étage (immeuble hausmannien sans ascenseur :) Nombreux restaurants indiens dans le quartier.  30m2 studio with balcony, separate kitchen, living room with mezzanine bed and bathroom, 5th floor (no elevator) Many Indian restaurants. Cet appartement est agréable de par son agencement (cuisine séparée et orientation est/ouest qui offre une lumière traversante), sa situation géographique, idéale pour sillonner Paris ! Le canal de l'Ourq, à 10min à pieds (station Stalingrad M2) permet de belles balades, sorties, cinéma... L'immeuble est propre et calme, le balcon offre une vue plongeante vers la Gare du Nord d'un côté et le métro La Chapelle de l'autre, ce qui apporte un vrai plus au charme de l'appartement. Accès à tout l'appartement. Je ne pourrai me rendre sur place pour vous rencontrer qu'en début et fin de séjour ainsi que pour d'éventuelles questions et la remise/récupération des clefs. La 
8413	"Very peacefulI, ideally located, charming 2 persons flat in the Canal St. Martin area. Next to Republique where 7 Metro lines will bring you everywhere in Paris in few time. Easy to reach from The airports. But also pedestrian streets and squares, full of calm and romantic corners. Trendy shops, bars and restaurants.  The appartment is tastefully decorated and full furnished. On the third floor in an enchating tenement. A perfect nest for a couple of people visiting ""la ville lumière"". My personal selection of places ""to be"" is waiting for every curious guest.  Metro stop: Jacques Bonsergent, République, Chateau d'eau, Colonel Fabien. Lignes: (phone number hidden).   Near: Canal St.Martin, Canal de l'Ourcq, Le Marais, Faubourg St.Martin et St.Denis. "	"Very peacefulI, ideally located, charming 2 persons flat in the Canal St. Martin area. Next to Republique where 7 Metro lines will bring you everywhere in Paris in few time. Easy to reach from The airports. But also pedestrian streets and squares, full of calm and romantic corners. Trendy shops, bars and restaurants.  The appartment is tastefully decorated and full furnished. On the third floor in an enchating tenement. A perfect nest for a couple of people visiting ""la ville lumière"". My personal selection of places ""to be"" is waiting for every curious guest.  Metro stop: Jacques Bonsergent, République, Chateau d'eau, Colonel Fabien. Lignes: (phone number hidden).   Near: Canal St.Martin, Canal de l'Ourcq, Le Marais, Faubourg St.Martin et St.Denis. "
8414	This is a spacious 2 rooms apartment with hardwood floors, moldings and fireplace. You will have a large fully equipped kitchen (dining table, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster) and a beautiful bathroom with a large shower. You will enjoy the 20 m2 living room, to rest or have a drink after a busy day. The large sofa makes it easy to fold a person (190cm x 80 cm). There are two bedrooms: one double bedroom with a king-size bed, and a baby room. We live in this apartment with our child and we rent it during our holiday. We'll provide everything you need to live : sheets, towels, dishes, cooking facilities, wifi, books and comics. We are on the second floor of a typical Parisian building from the late nineteenth century, quiet and secure (code and intercom). Less than five minutes walk you will find a supermarket, several bakeries, bars and restaurants. The apartment is located in a lively neighbourhood, 10 minutes walk from Montmartre and the Ga	A 10 minute walk from Gare du Nord station and from Montmartre, typical Parisian apartment (parquet, fireplace), with 2 rooms and 60 m2. Comfort provided (sheets, towels, fully equipped kitchen...) with a children's room that can welcome a baby. This is a spacious 2 rooms apartment with hardwood floors, moldings and fireplace. You will have a large fully equipped kitchen (dining table, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster) and a beautiful bathroom with a large shower. You will enjoy the 20 m2 living room, to rest or have a drink after a busy day. The large sofa makes it easy to fold a person (190cm x 80 cm). There are two bedrooms: one double bedroom with a king-size bed, and a baby room. We live in this apartment with our child and we rent it during our holiday. We'll provide everything you need to live : sheets, towels, dishes, cooking facilities, wifi, books and comics. We are on the second floor of a typical Parisian building from the late nin
8415	Our flat is a charming 43m² apartment located less than 50 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, in the trendy 10th arrondissement near the République square and metro station, the capital of Paris’s “Bobo” (“bourgeois-bohème”) scene. The flat provides a view on 2 different courtyards. The place is really quiet! It’s the perfect place for site seeing by day and experiencing Parisian life by night. The apartment is located on the third floor (3rd US floor = 2nd  French floor) and is is fully furnished with :  •A large bedroom with a 2 people bed, a desk and closets •A kitchen open on the living room and fully equipped with :  fridge, freezer, oven, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, pots and all kitchen utensils •A living room with a sofa bed for 2 peoples, a dining table for 4 people, a flat-screen TV with international cable, a DVD player and a stereo system •Lovely, newly-renovated bathroom with shower (towels provided) The apartment has WiFi internet throughout the rooms. The apartment is	            A charming 2 rooms flat, in a quiet and beautiful Parisian courtyard. This trendy and central place can offer you many options (bars, restaurants, trendy shops, groceries,...) to extend your Parisian experience after long walks in the city           Our flat is a charming 43m² apartment located less than 50 meters from the Canal Saint Martin, in the trendy 10th arrondissement near the République square and metro station, the capital of Paris’s “Bobo” (“bourgeois-bohème”) scene. The flat provides a view on 2 different courtyards. The place is really quiet! It’s the perfect place for site seeing by day and experiencing Parisian life by night. The apartment is located on the third floor (3rd US floor = 2nd  French floor) and is is fully furnished with :  •A large bedroom with a 2 people bed, a desk and closets •A kitchen open on the living room and fully equipped with :  fridge, freezer, oven, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, pots and all kitchen utensils •A living room with a s
8416	The closeness from Gare du Nord and 5 minutes from the Gare de l'Est make this appartment very convenient if you come from London,Bruxelles, Koln....and everywhere else in the world via CDG Airport! Renovated apartment of 57 m2 in 2011 in a secure building. The apartment has a bedroom with 140 cm bed (queen) with an excellent mattress shape memory. In the living room there is a sofa bed (140 queen bed with a real mattress very confortable) In the bathroom, a large shower, sink are available. Comfort (wireless Internet: wifi, large flat screen 3D TV, washing machine, dryer, iron, hair dryer) Linen and towels provided, Fully equipped modern kitchen with bar / island for dining (espresso machine). The apartment is very quiet because it gives almost entirely on a courtyard from the 4th floor. Double glazing to all rooms. Close to the apartment, you will find a small supermarket open 6/7 until midnight. Very convenient in terms of transport, there are three RER lines B, D and E that allow y	The closeness from Gare du Nord and 5 minutes from the Gare de l'Est make this appartment very convenient if you come from London,Bruxelles, Koln....and everywhere else in the world via CDG Airport! Renovated apartment of 57 m2 in 2011 in a secure building. The apartment has a bedroom with 140 cm bed (queen) with an excellent mattress shape memory. In the living room there is a sofa bed (140 queen bed with a real mattress very confortable) In the bathroom, a large shower, sink are available. Comfort (wireless Internet: wifi, large flat screen 3D TV, washing machine, dryer, iron, hair dryer) Linen and towels provided, Fully equipped modern kitchen with bar / island for dining (espresso machine). The apartment is very quiet because it gives almost entirely on a courtyard from the 4th floor. Double glazing to all rooms. Close to the apartment, you will find a small supermarket open 6/7 until midnight. Very convenient in terms of transport, there are three RER lines B, D and E that allow y
8417	My apartment is very nice. It is located in the vibrant 10th arrondissement. Fully equipped (internet, oven, washing machine). It is perfect for a couple.	My apartment is very nice. It is located in the vibrant 10th arrondissement. Fully equipped (internet, oven, washing machine). It is perfect for a couple. The area is quiet and lively at the same time. It is 2 minutes from the Canal Saint Martin. 10 minutes to République and the Marais. Many shops and restaurant nearby.
8418	situé au 1er étage pratique et Quartier typiquement parisien, avec ses commerçants et ses cafés. Le canal St Martin est un des lieux branchés de la « Capitale ».A proximité des principaux sites touristiques : Champs Elysées, Montmartre et ses ruelles, le Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Opéra, les 'Grands magasins', la cité des Sciences, le parc de la Villette, le cimetière du Père Lachaise... Dans un bel immeuble avec gardienne et digicode, au RDC sur grande cour, charmant studio à louer pour 2 personnes ou 3 personne.Gare de l'Est, nombreux métros, accès direct au centre de Paris.Studio entièrement meublé et équipé d'un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes (160X200), TV écran plat, WIFI, chaînes câblées, coin cuisine (plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire et vaisselle complète), douche, lavabo et WC.Les draps et serviettes sont fournis à l'entrée.a savoir que la troisième personne dormiras sur un matelas gonflabe.	situé au 1er étage pratique et Quartier typiquement parisien, avec ses commerçants et ses cafés. Le canal St Martin est un des lieux branchés de la « Capitale ».A proximité des principaux sites touristiques : Champs Elysées, Montmartre et ses ruelles, le Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Opéra, les 'Grands magasins', la cité des Sciences, le parc de la Villette, le cimetière du Père Lachaise... Dans un bel immeuble avec gardienne et digicode, au RDC sur grande cour, charmant studio à louer pour 2 personnes ou 3 personne.Gare de l'Est, nombreux métros, accès direct au centre de Paris.Studio entièrement meublé et équipé d'un canapé-lit pour 2 personnes (160X200), TV écran plat, WIFI, chaînes câblées, coin cuisine (plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire et vaisselle complète), douche, lavabo et WC.Les draps et serviettes sont fournis à l'entrée.a savoir que la troisième personne dormiras sur un matelas gonflabe. C'est un quartier typiquement parisien avec les commerces de
8419	L'ambiance, le quartier, le canal et surtout une très bonne boulangerie à l'angle de la rue (quelques mètres ;-))	L'ambiance, le quartier, le canal et surtout une très bonne boulangerie à l'angle de la rue (quelques mètres ;-)) Appartement spacieux (55m²) situé en plein cœur de Paris, entre le canal Saint Martin et le Marais. Possibilité de se promener à pieds ou en vélo dans le centre, très rapidement. La rue est calme et est située près de rues animées, de restaurants, cafés, bars, boutiques et des quartiers branchés de Paris.  Un plan de Paris et du métro est à votre disposition. Je peux également vous donner des conseils sur le quartier, les monuments, les promenades à pieds ou à vélo, les événements, les sorties et les autres quartiers! République/Canal Saint Martin Métro Jacques Bonsergent ou République  Bus Station de velib' dans la rue (et autolib') Si besoin, des conseils seront donnés avec plaisir.
8420	** Please send a message before making a reservation request. Thank you. ** Beautiful Haussmanian building ideally located in the very center of Paris, just next to Gare du Nord, on the way to the Opera Garnier, direct from Roissy CDG or Orly airports. ACCESS The nearby metro stations make it, with direct or very easy connections to all the main monuments, museums and famous sites. Nearest Metros:  - Poissonniere (line 7): 30 seconds! - Gare du Nord (lines 2, 4, 5, RER B, RER D): 7min  - Gare de L’Est (lines 4, 5, and 7): 8min - Barbes Rochechouard (lines 2, 4): 11min - Grands Boulevards (lines 8, 9): 14 min THE SURROUNDINGS - Typical parisian district, nice, secure and quiet.  - Traditional market (St Quentin / open 6 days a week) and grocery stores around the corner opened seven days a week.  - Perfectly surrounded by Montmartre, the Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, le Printemps), the Canal St Martin, the Grands Boulevards (le Grand Rex), Opéra, all these places are 15 or 20 minu	Lovely parisian flat close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est (10 min walking) and close to Galerie Lafayette & Printemps (15 min by walk) and close to Montmartre (15 min walking).
8421	Le studio est conçu en duplex avec deux mezzanines. Un lit de 160x200, un lit de 80x200, un canapé cliclack avec un sur matelas de 160x200. Entièrement rénové,le logement est lumineux au 6eme étage avec ascensseur.  Le studio de 30m2 est situé sur cour au calme. Parfait pour passer un moment agréable en famille à Paris. Wi fi, tv grand écran, système  de son  pour iPhone et Samsung, four , micro ondes, cafetière, grille pain, bouilloire. Réfrigérateur et congélateur.  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. shampoing et gel douche Le quartier est central, dynamique et vivant. C'est un quartier ou vous ressentez la vie parisienne au sein d'un micro village. Vous y trouverez de nombreux commerces, supermarchés, bar branchés et restaurants tendances à des prix raisonnables. À 5mn à pied des lignes 4, 7, 8 et 9, vous aurez toujours un accès facile aux principaux sites touristiques parisiens. Par exemple, il vous faudra 10 mn pour voir l'opéra, 20 mn pour la Tour Eiffel, 15mn les champs é	Bel appartement rénové situé au cœur de la capitale et offrant une vue sur les toits de Paris au 6eme étage . Il est desservi par 4 lignes de métro dans un quartier dynamique et vivant, avec des commerces, cafés et restaurants traditionnels. Le studio est conçu en duplex avec deux mezzanines. Un lit de 160x200, un lit de 80x200, un canapé cliclack avec un sur matelas de 160x200. Entièrement rénové,le logement est lumineux au 6eme étage avec ascensseur.  Le studio de 30m2 est situé sur cour au calme. Parfait pour passer un moment agréable en famille à Paris. Wi fi, tv grand écran, système  de son  pour iPhone et Samsung, four , micro ondes, cafetière, grille pain, bouilloire. Réfrigérateur et congélateur.  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. shampoing et gel douche Le quartier est central, dynamique et vivant. C'est un quartier ou vous ressentez la vie parisienne au sein d'un micro village. Vous y trouverez de nombreux commerces, supermarchés, bar branchés et restaurants tendances
8422	Loue studio bien situé et idéal pour un couple, Accueillant et à proximité de tout le nécessaire ! L'appartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Pour acceder dans l'immeuble, il y a un digicode à l'entrée. Il est chaleureux et très lumineux, il est composé d'une pièce : - 1 salon avec canapé convertible + armoire - Cuisine séparée toute équipée (four, frigo) - Salle de douche avec WC Fourni également avec la location : - linge de lit - serviettes de toilette - Wifi  Les voyageurs seront reçus à leur arrivée, renseignés dans la mesure du possible ( Anglais, Français ou Arabe ). Un deuxième numéro (en cas d'urgence) sera donné aux voyageurs pour passer un bon séjour. Appartement situé au 10ème arrondissement de Paris, à proximité de bars, commerces, restaurants, tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un séjour tranquillement ! Il est proche de: - Canal Saint-Martin - Parc des Buttes-chaumont - Parc de la Villette - Place de la République A 1mn à pieds, station de métro Colonel Fabien ( Ligne 2	Loue studio bien situé et idéal pour un couple, Accueillant et à proximité de tout le nécessaire ! L'appartement est au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Pour acceder dans l'immeuble, il y a un digicode à l'entrée. Il est chaleureux et très lumineux, il est composé d'une pièce : - 1 salon avec canapé convertible + armoire - Cuisine séparée toute équipée (four, frigo) - Salle de douche avec WC Fourni également avec la location : - linge de lit - serviettes de toilette - Wifi  Les voyageurs seront reçus à leur arrivée, renseignés dans la mesure du possible ( Anglais, Français ou Arabe ). Un deuxième numéro (en cas d'urgence) sera donné aux voyageurs pour passer un bon séjour. Appartement situé au 10ème arrondissement de Paris, à proximité de bars, commerces, restaurants, tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un séjour tranquillement ! Il est proche de: - Canal Saint-Martin - Parc des Buttes-chaumont - Parc de la Villette - Place de la République A 1mn à pieds, station de métro Colonel Fabien ( Ligne 2
8423	The flat is very quite, situated at ground floor (appartement B, right at the end of the corridor after the entrance*), it overlooks an interior courtyard. Facing South, it is sunny at daytime. The living room is spacious, you have a convertible sofa (that can transform into an additional double bed), you can have nice dinners and invite some friends (we have 2 tables, chairs, coffee table, ...). The kitchen is a small open kitchen inside the main room. It is full equiped and you can use everything. You can also use some basic condiments for cooking or stuff we had left if you need. The bedroom is separated from the living room (2 rooms in the flat), it is good to have your privacy. The room is small but there has a regular double bed. You can put your clotches and things if you find space in the wardrobe. The window overviews the courtyard. The bathroom is separated from living room too. It has a shower cabin, toilets, sink, ... and a washing machine that you can use! *the entrance of	Nice & confortable flat at ground floor (no direct neighbour). 2 rooms : spacious living room, bedroom + bathroom. Flat all equiped and costumed. Nice & peaceful area, lot of bars and restaurants along the Canal. Well located near Gare de l'Est
8424	This furnished apartment was recently renovated and is located on the fourth floor with no elevator and has views both on the courtyard and on the street. The living room has views on the street but is very calm thanks to its double-glazed windows. It features a 160 cm leather convertible sofa, two armchairs, a dining table, a flat screen TV and a corner office.  The bedroom has views on a quiet courtyard. It includes two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed and a large closet. The ceilings are covered with exposed beams and the floors with grey flagstones. The equipped American kitchen opens up on the living room.  Inspired by the contemporary style, the sober decoration of this apartment was carefully chosen. It is very elegant and modern.	Between the Montorgueil area and the Grands Boulevards, come and discover this unique apartment. It beautiful living room perfectly mixes the classicism of the exposed beam with the contemporary furniture. The decoration and the space will charm you. This furnished apartment was recently renovated and is located on the fourth floor with no elevator and has views both on the courtyard and on the street. The living room has views on the street but is very calm thanks to its double-glazed windows. It features a 160 cm leather convertible sofa, two armchairs, a dining table, a flat screen TV and a corner office.  The bedroom has views on a quiet courtyard. It includes two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed and a large closet. The ceilings are covered with exposed beams and the floors with grey flagstones. The equipped American kitchen opens up on the living room.  Inspired by the contemporary style, the sober decoration of this apartment was carefully chosen. It is 
8425	"Our flat is located in a colourful and safe paved street - ""Wow"" effect guaranteed as you pass the front door  in the middle of a transport hub, making it easy for you to reach all parts of the city / the region / the country.  It is the perfect spot for friends and couple willing experience Paris the way locals do, dig out for spots serving good cheese,wine & beer run by genuinely grumpy dudes becoming your friends in the end. We have made sure that the pics could provide you with a full overview of our flat's scenery, including its musical facilities and hairy inhabitants."	"Our flat is located in a quiet, green and colorful inner courtyard located less than two minutes walk from Paris' international train stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Our flat is located in a colourful and safe paved street - ""Wow"" effect guaranteed as you pass the front door  in the middle of a transport hub, making it easy for you to reach all parts of the city / the region / the country.  It is the perfect spot for friends and couple willing experience Paris the way locals do, dig out for spots serving good cheese,wine & beer run by genuinely grumpy dudes becoming your friends in the end. We have made sure that the pics could provide you with a full overview of our flat's scenery, including its musical facilities and hairy inhabitants. A guest session our I-mac, our turntables and full collection of vinyls, guitar and keyboard. I should be here on your arrival to show you everything you need to know about this flat and its surroundings. In case I'm not, you can reach me anyt"
8426	The apartment was renovated a few months ago. It is very spacious and can welcome at least 4 people.  The space is modern, simply decorated and charming.  The inner courtyard and the double glazing prevent unwanted street noise. The access to the building is very secure: 2 doors with digit-codes. The apartment's door is reinforced.	The apartment is located 2 minutes away from Canal St-Martin. The place is lovely, cosy, comfy and modern (renovated only a few months ago). The apartment was renovated a few months ago. It is very spacious and can welcome at least 4 people.  The space is modern, simply decorated and charming.  The inner courtyard and the double glazing prevent unwanted street noise. The access to the building is very secure: 2 doors with digit-codes. The apartment's door is reinforced. You are welcome to use all the equipment: closets, dressing, kitchen, heater, washing machine ... You can contact me at any time. I will be happy to help you! There are many supermarkets in the apartment's street, they open until late so you can shop whenever you like.  The neighborhood is very nice, lively and attractive. If you walk down the Canal St-Martin (2 minutes away from the apartment), you will find many grocery stores, typical parisian cafés, nice bars and restaurants (all kind of food), shopping boutiques...
8427		Charming apartment in the heart of Paris (1 block from République Place & Saint Martin Canal) in an animated&shopping area. It accommodates up to 3pers. Very bright, looks onto quiet street. Equipped kitchen-Shower room-TV-Wifi Close to 6 Metro lines
8428	The room has a real bed of 140x200, it overlooks the courtyard. Dining room with a table. two people can sleep There is a desk, overlooking the street, the windows are double (website hidden) HD. Equipped with a real oven, microwave, induction plates, kettle, toaster and washing machine. Bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Wi fi (fast) Sheets, towels provided.	The room has a real bed of 140x200, it overlooks the courtyard. Dining room with a table. two people can sleep There is a desk, overlooking the street, the windows are double (website hidden)HD. Equipped with a real oven, microwave, induction plates, ket The room has a real bed of 140x200, it overlooks the courtyard. Dining room with a table. two people can sleep There is a desk, overlooking the street, the windows are double glazed. TV HD. Equipped with a real oven, microwave, induction plates, kettle, toaster and washing machine. Bathroom with shower, toilet and sink. Wi fi (fast) Sheets, towels provided.
8429	Hello to all (future) lover of Paris, come to live in Paris at this lovely bright apartment!  This is a tasteful 30 sq ft F2 apartement located on the chic rue d'Hauteville, next to Marché Saint Quentin, the best market in Paris, and watching Place Franz Liszt, where the movie Zazie dans le métro has been shot.  It is fully equipped with towels linens and all kitchen necessities including microwave and italian coffee machine (frigo, dishwasher, Hair-drier, iron). The first level is a spacious and bright living and dining room with an open kitchen. The dining room seats 4 comfortably. There is internet and wifi access. There is wood flooring throughout and wooden ceiling, three high bay windows with white transparent curtains. The sofa bed in the living room also sleeps two. Minimalist design and furniture, a big light wooden drawer and light wooden bookshelves, a white fireplace, in the calm of a private courtyard.  Upstairs is an open shower cabin. The bedroom has a double bed with wi	Hello to all future lovers of Paris, come to live in Paris in this lovely bright apartment! This nice flat is perfect for a couple willing to be in a central, safe and chic area with easy access to most places. Plus, the RER train stops just nearby Hello to all (future) lover of Paris, come to live in Paris at this lovely bright apartment!  This is a tasteful 30 sq ft F2 apartement located on the chic rue d'Hauteville, next to Marché Saint Quentin, the best market in Paris, and watching Place Franz Liszt, where the movie Zazie dans le métro has been shot.  It is fully equipped with towels linens and all kitchen necessities including microwave and italian coffee machine (frigo, dishwasher, Hair-drier, iron). The first level is a spacious and bright living and dining room with an open kitchen. The dining room seats 4 comfortably. There is internet and wifi access. There is wood flooring throughout and wooden ceiling, three high bay windows with white transparent curtains. The sofa bed in
8430	Ce joli appartement 2 pièces de 30m2 vous accueille du 15 août au 13 septembre. Il est disponible pour 1 personne seule, ou en couple.	Joli appartement de 30m2 (cuisine, salon, chambre, salle de bain), quartier vivant et central, petits commerces à proximité. Libre en aout/septembre 2015. Metro Gare de l'est, proche Gare du Nord et République. -1 mois : 800€ -3 semaines : 700€ -1 semaine à 250€ (1 semaine minimum) Ce joli appartement 2 pièces de 30m2 vous accueille du 15 août au 13 septembre. Il est disponible pour 1 personne seule, ou en couple. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble du logement. Au centre de Paris, Quartier vivant, proche gare du nord et république, beaucoup de petits commerces de proximité. Plusieurs parcs aux alentours.  Le canal à 200 mètres! Accès par le métro Gare de l'est, proche Gare du Nord et République. Pas de place de parking dédiée. A 10 min à pied de la Gare du Nord, qui dessert les aéroports d'Orly et de Charles de Gaule. Cuisine équipée.  Machine à laver, draps et serviettes de toilette à votre disposition.
8431	A 2 rooms apartment, 212 sq ft, for 2 persons, magical view on Paris. Very bright, facing south. 4th floor without elevator.	A certain lifestyle A 2 rooms apartment, 212 sq ft, for 2 persons, magical view on Paris. Very bright, facing south. 4th floor without elevator. Fast wi-fi internet, sound system, hot plates, italian Bialetti coffee maker, cookware, plates, silverware. Hair-drier and towels,  Duvet, pillows, sheets. Iron, vacuum cleaner, cleaning products. (email hidden) walk from Canal Saint Martin and Place de la Republique.Between the Goncourt metro station (ligne 11) at 4 stops from Hôtel de Ville (City Hall), and the metro station Colonel Fabien (ligne 2) between Charles de Gaulle - Etoile and Nation. Bus stop Hopital Saint Louis to Chatelet (bus 75) and Bois de Vincennes (bus 46). Close to all amenities. 12 supermarkets (including Lidl) within 500 yards, 2 markets, Belleville market on Tuesday and Friday 7am till 3pm, Alibert market on Sunday 7am till 2:30pm.
8432	"If you would like to stroll around the Canal Saint Martin with Amélie, or pay a visit to Arletty and Louis Jouvet at Hotel du Nord, Suite Canal is definitely the place to be. Set in a contemporary building that is well integrated in a highly historical part of Paris, it offers a fabulous sight. The apartment oversees the canal Saint Martin on the quai de Jemmapes side, so you can choose, depending on your mood, between the famous bridge of Miss Poulain, Antoine et Lili's shop or Montmartre.  But the real life is downstairs, along the Canal and the nearby streets. Eating, drinking, shopping and visiting off the path places are a common occurrence in this area. Nothing is really mainstream here, but rather on the creative side.  As an example, when comes the local happy hour, young people gather along the canal Saint Martin for a typically French apero. This little warm-up is a ""mise en bouche"" to build plans for the next step: finding the coolest restaurant/ bar in the neighborhoods amo"	If you would like to stroll around the Canal Saint Martin with Amélie, or pay a visit to Arletty and Louis Jouvet at Hotel du Nord, Suite Canal is definitely the place to be.  If you would like to stroll around the Canal Saint Martin with Amélie, or pay a visit to Arletty and Louis Jouvet at Hotel du Nord, Suite Canal is definitely the place to be. Set in a contemporary building that is well integrated in a highly historical part of Paris, it offers a fabulous sight. The apartment oversees the canal Saint Martin on the quai de Jemmapes side, so you can choose, depending on your mood, between the famous bridge of Miss Poulain, Antoine et Lili's shop or Montmartre.  But the real life is downstairs, along the Canal and the nearby streets. Eating, drinking, shopping and visiting off the path places are a common occurrence in this area. Nothing is really mainstream here, but rather on the creative side.  As an example, when comes the local happy hour, young people gather along the canal Sai
8433		Studio 21 sq/meters with a charming terrace and nice view, very closed from canal st martin(subway gare de l'est or chateau landon ligns  4, 5 and 7) Cash guarantee of 200€ is mandatory.
8434	The apartment is composed of a bedroom with a matrimonial bed (140 x 200 cm) with a showerbath, and a living room with a sofabed (120x200), fully equipped kitchen in a small space, but well organized. The apartment has a television, telephone, ADSL wireless internet, clothwasher and dryer, dishwasher, refrigerator, oven, toaster, hairdryer, bedlinens and towels. 	Bright, tranquil small apartment of charm in one of the most romantic zones of Paris in the heart of the capitol. Situated on the third floor (no elevator) in a building dating back to the early 1900 in “rue Bichat 49”, door n°22. In front of the ant The apartment is composed of a bedroom with a matrimonial bed (140 x 200 cm) with a showerbath, and a living room with a sofabed (120x200), fully equipped kitchen in a small space, but well organized. The apartment has a television, telephone, ADSL wireless internet, clothwasher and dryer, dishwasher, refrigerator, oven, toaster, hairdryer, bedlinens and towels. Some information on the area: “Rue Bichat” is situated in the 10° Arrondissement. Closest underground stations: Jacques Bonsrgent, Goncourt, Republique. The railroad stations: Gare de l’Est, Gare du Nord and all the other train stations are connected to the underground. The history of the Canal Saint-Martin It was the idea of Louis XIV, which was initiated by Napoleon I, and was co
8435	60 M2	"Between The canal Saint Martin and The Gare de l'est trainstation, This is an appartment for 4 or 5 people, very confortable! :) 1 bedroom with a double bed, 1 convertible couch for 2 people and 1 convertible couch for 1 people in the main room. 60 M2 Phone and mail. Close the Canal Saint Martin, lots of very cool restaurant, Very cool ""Hipster"" place,  Subway chateau Landon, Trainstation:  gare de l'est, Bus, velib' station. "
8436	very well located this flat benefits from pool, Sauna and sports room very quiet place were you can hardely herad the noise from the street, which give a very good place to spleep at night 	Gare de l'est- St Martin Sunny 60 m² Flat located in a quiet area.  within 5 min walk you can be at gare de l'est or Canal St martin 15 min from boulevard hausmann mainstore via metro  very well located this flat benefits from pool, Sauna and sports room very quiet place were you can hardely herad the noise from the street, which give a very good place to spleep at night Guest have access to all the residence premisses (pool, sauna, etc...) and additionally to the top roof terrasse  i will welcome my guest and remains available for any advice they need.  walking distance from Canal St martin or Bassin de la vilette. the area has many restaurants, backeries and convenient store.  Metro, or bus to connect you easyly to all main place in Paris
8437	Appartement sur cour très calme. Une chambre et un salon très agréables. Lumineux.  Canapé lit dans le salon.  Cuisine avec verrière, douche italienne.	2 pièces situé à quelques minutes à pied de la place de la république et du canal saint Martin. Nombreux cafés et commerces, marche saint Martin en bas de l'immeuble. Très bien desservi (métro, bus, vélib) Lumineux et plein de charme, idéal pour un séjour dans la capitale! Appartement sur cour très calme. Une chambre et un salon très agréables. Lumineux.  Canapé lit dans le salon.  Cuisine avec verrière, douche italienne. Métro : République (ligne 5,8,3,11,9) Jacques Bonsergent (5) Strasbourg saint Denis (4,8,9) Station de vélib au pied de l'immeuble
8438	Gorgeous 90 m2 ( 950 sq ft ) flat. Very wide bedroom ( 30m2 ) with a queen size bed. decoration is design and equipment is excellent ( film projector, tv,wifi, washing machine and dish-washer .. )  Very lighty ( windows either on west side in the living room and bedroom and east side in the bathroom )  It's a sixth floor apartment with an elevator. Very calm.  The apartment is located in the center of paris ( crossroads of the 2d, 9th and 10th arrondissement of paris ) close to republique, chatelet or le marais, 20 minutes walk from Montmartre and 20 mn from Notre Dame. 15 minutes from Opera.  The Neighborhood is cool, market street close and nice atmosphere and restaurants. There is a supermarket very close and an excellent delicatessen at the feet of the house.  Perfect for a couple with or without child. Excellent for cocooning and having an ideal rest after a parisian day trip.  You understood that i love my place and i'll be happy to share my pleasure.  Having a sunny shower in th	Very trendy and bobo situation. The flat on the sixth floor ( elevator ) is sunny, design decoration and has good vibes.  Gorgeous 90 m2 ( 950 sq ft ) flat. Very wide bedroom ( 30m2 ) with a queen size bed. decoration is design and equipment is excellent ( film projector, tv,wifi, washing machine and dish-washer .. )  Very lighty ( windows either on west side in the living room and bedroom and east side in the bathroom )  It's a sixth floor apartment with an elevator. Very calm.  The apartment is located in the center of paris ( crossroads of the 2d, 9th and 10th arrondissement of paris ) close to republique, chatelet or le marais, 20 minutes walk from Montmartre and 20 mn from Notre Dame. 15 minutes from Opera.  The Neighborhood is cool, market street close and nice atmosphere and restaurants. There is a supermarket very close and an excellent delicatessen at the feet of the house.  Perfect for a couple with or without child. Excellent for cocooning and having an ideal rest after a pa
8439	This apartment is big but cosy place, well-situated in the heart of Paris.  There is several groceries shops around and a lot of wonderful restaurants, bars and cafés nearby.  If you feel like cooking at home, no problem. There is a fully equipped kitchen at your disposal.  There is also Wi-fi, a washing machine, and a beautiful balcony.  Of course, you'll have your own set of keys to come and go as you please.  Believe me, you will feel right at home!	A perfect place for your stay in Paris!  A classic large double room with a nice balcony in which to experience Parisian life. Very central location 2mn walk from the metro and 5mn walk from the Canal St-Martin and the Place de la République. This apartment is big but cosy place, well-situated in the heart of Paris.  There is several groceries shops around and a lot of wonderful restaurants, bars and cafés nearby.  If you feel like cooking at home, no problem. There is a fully equipped kitchen at your disposal.  There is also Wi-fi, a washing machine, and a beautiful balcony.  Of course, you'll have your own set of keys to come and go as you please.  Believe me, you will feel right at home! The room is part of a classic Parisian 6 rooms appartement We are used to have airbandb people super central close walking distance to the best bars and hangouts in Paris 2mins from the nears metro between 8am and 11am key pick up from the house
8440	Appartement d'angle très lumineux, et prendre son petit déjeuner avec vue sur Montmartre est inoubliable!	Bel appartement refait à neuf, lumineux et calme, magnifique vue sur le sacré choeur de Montmartre, à 2 pas du Canal Saint Martin. 2 chambres 1 cuisine ouverte sur séjour 1 grande salle de bain avec baignoire et douche Appartement d'angle très lumineux, et prendre son petit déjeuner avec vue sur Montmartre est inoubliable! Appartement entier Mail, téléphone Ses bars, boutiques et commerces. La proximité du canal saint martin
8441		In a great district, bright and quiet studio located on the second floor. It is located a block from the Canal Saint-Martin between the station Goncourt and Republique.
8442	For five (or 6) personnes max. It is on the first (and last) floor of a house on a paved courtyard with shrubs and flowers. In the city center, in a typical and friendly neighborhood. Very quiet.	    For 6 persons max. It is on the first (and last) floor of a house on a paved courtyard with shrubs and flowers. In the center of Paris, in a typical and friendly neighborhood. Very quiet.    For five (or 6) personnes max. It is on the first (and last) floor of a house on a paved courtyard with shrubs and flowers. In the city center, in a typical and friendly neighborhood. Very quiet. Two mezzanine bedrooms, a living room of 30 m2, office, bathroom and (website hidden), DVD and Wifi. All shops, bicycle, subway and bus nearby. I will not be present in the house during the stay. The reception will be done by a nearby neighborhood Almost center of Paris in a typical and warm area : the Sainte Marthe between The Republic, Belleville and Canal Saint Martin. Very quiet. All shops, bicycle, subway and bus nearby. Minimum stay 1 week. A deposit will be required at the entrance. It will be returned after the stay if no degradation.
8443	"Modern and cosy apartment of 75 square meters, decorated tastefully including two bedrooms, being able to welcome comfortably 4 persons, will make you spend an unforgettable moment in Paris.  Very pleasant living room, giving on a green terrace... There is a bathroom with a big shower. The subway/bus station is just nearby with many lines to join any places of Paris ! Lines : 4, 8 and 9 metro and (phone number hidden) the bus Our apartment is situated right in the heart of Paris in a very quiet court and near all the ""parisian"" theater and cinemas and close to any shops (food, clothes, bar or restaurants) It's a very lively street you will enjoy. The geographical situation is exceptional because the visit of Paris and all the monuments, museums or districts can easily be made by foot.  "	"Un appartement très calme, accueillant et cosy au cœur de Paris et à deux pas des principaux monuments ! Modern and cosy apartment of 75 square meters, decorated tastefully including two bedrooms, being able to welcome comfortably 4 persons, will make you spend an unforgettable moment in Paris.  Very pleasant living room, giving on a green terrace... There is a bathroom with a big shower. The subway/bus station is just nearby with many lines to join any places of Paris ! Lines : 4, 8 and 9 metro and (phone number hidden) the bus Our apartment is situated right in the heart of Paris in a very quiet court and near all the ""parisian"" theater and cinemas and close to any shops (food, clothes, bar or restaurants) It's a very lively street you will enjoy. The geographical situation is exceptional because the visit of Paris and all the monuments, museums or districts can easily be made by foot.  Un des quartiers les plus en vogue de la capitale : restaurants, bars, théâtres à découvrir sans p"
8444	25m2, located on the 8th floor (with elevator!): with 1 big living room (table, 4 chairs, a big bed) a bay window, and a nice balcony with a table (for 2).	Confortable studio (25m2) with bay window and balcony. Stay in my cosy flat, it's 10 min by walk from Republique station and Canal St Martin. 25m2, located on the 8th floor (with elevator!): with 1 big living room (table, 4 chairs, a big bed) a bay window, and a nice balcony with a table (for 2). Bed linen provided Full-equipped kitchen Bathtub. Close to Place de la Republique, Canal St martin, Buttes chaumont Métro Colonel Fabien (line 2) 2 min walk  Metro Goncourt (line 11)  7 min walk
8445		3 pièces à 1mn à pied du canal saint Martin, à 10 mn à pied de gare du nord et gare de l'est. Grand balcon et double salon
8446	Comprising a small entrance, a large and bright living room with a convertible sofa, a kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom with a matrimonial bed. Perfect for two persons, the appartement can receive until 4 persons. The place is in a great part of Paris, a central location convenient to visit and enjoy parisian way of life.	"Comprising a small entrance, a large and bright living room with a convertible sofa, a kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom with a matrimonial bed. Perfect for two persons, the appartement can receive until 4 persons. The place is in a great part of Paris, a central location convenient to visit and enjoy parisian way of life. Wifi. Fitted kitchen (electric burner, microwave and a small oven). Washing machine. Sheets, towels supplied. Reachable by phone during your visit The area of Paradis is hip and trendy and home to many cool bars, restaurants and concept stores...  The flat is situated in a very central area, minutes away from Gare du Nord, Montmartre, les Grands Magasins. Closed metro stations : Poissonnière (ligne 7) Garde de l'Est (lignes 4, 5 et 7) Bonne Nouvelle (lignes 8 et 9) Parking Vinci Place Frantz Liszt. 10 min to Gare du Nord Access to Roissy/Orly via RER B (to Orly you can take ""Orlyval"" at the station Anthony) Please do nos smoke inside and respect the neighbors. You ca"
8447	Bel appartement de caractère (70 m2) Aucun vis à vis et une très belle vue sur la rotonde et le canal saint martin  (1 grand salon et salle à manger côté rue avec balcon filant et une chambre côté cour au calme)	Très bel appartement haussmannien 3 pièces (70m2). Aucun vis-à-vis ! Vue sur la rotonde et le canal . Bel appartement de caractère (70 m2) Aucun vis à vis et une très belle vue sur la rotonde et le canal saint martin  (1 grand salon et salle à manger côté rue avec balcon filant et une chambre côté cour au calme) air bnb A proximité immédiate du canal saint martin, des buttes chaumont ; bassin de la villette ( à 4 stations)  ; montmatre ( à 4 stations) ; république ( à 4 stations) Nombreux commerc -Accès  gare du nord ou gare de l'est à 2 stations de métro (quelques minutes à pied) - 4 lignes de métro ( 2, 5, 7 et 7bis) -station bus en bas de l'immeuble (48)
8448	Sunny, quiet, fell good in the flat, really parisian style. Really central, easy to go to all the places. Markets, groceries stores, restaurants, fashion area. 	Really nice sunny flat. All commodities, full equipped kitchen. Near subways, canal St Martin, and the new Place de la République. Markets, groceries, fashion area. Safe, and cool ! And close to all the touristic places.  Sunny, quiet, fell good in the flat, really parisian style. Really central, easy to go to all the places. Markets, groceries stores, restaurants, fashion area.  I love the mix of the canal St Martin, shops, good restaurants, nice people and good energy. it's easy to come and to visit Paris from the flat
8449	A spacious apartment with typical parquet flooring. Open kitchen with a large fridge, kettle, coffee maker, microwave and stove. The apartment looks out over a courtyard, which is quiet at night. Bright sunlight floods the apartment during the day, making for a cheerful place to come back to after a day's sightseeing! The bookshelf is stocked and there's a stereo with an aux cable for the music lovers. The TV has an HDMI cable if anyone wants to plug in their laptops.  The bath has a shower/tub, toilet and hot water running at all times. It's a bit narrow, but it's clean and conveniently located in the apartment. 	"A very nice studio located in the center of the city. Accessible by 3 metro lines, 10 minutes walking distance from the major train stations. Fits 2 comfortably with a full kitchen and bath.  A spacious apartment with typical parquet flooring. Open kitchen with a large fridge, kettle, coffee maker, microwave and stove. The apartment looks out over a courtyard, which is quiet at night. Bright sunlight floods the apartment during the day, making for a cheerful place to come back to after a day's sightseeing! The bookshelf is stocked and there's a stereo with an aux cable for the music lovers. The TV has an HDMI cable if anyone wants to plug in their laptops.  The bath has a shower/tub, toilet and hot water running at all times. It's a bit narrow, but it's clean and conveniently located in the apartment.  I usually rent out when I'm heading out of town so if I'm there in person for the key exchange, I'd be glad to have a chat and give some ""local"" tips. I've indicated approximate check-in"
8450	Apartment of 44 square meters, it can accommodate four people. It is located on Boulevard de Denain in the 10th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor with elevator. Facilities at your disposal: Oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, TV with international channels, DVD player, internet with WIFI, towels, sheets. The living room, with an area of 22 square meters, has three windows facing west. It is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed (140 cm), 2 chairs, 3 chairs, table, coffee table. Wooden floor. The room has a window, a double bed 160 cm, closet, bedside table, wooden floor. Bathroom: Bathtub, sink, hair dryer, tiled floor. Near: Cirque d'Hiver, Canal Saint Martin, Place de la République, Place de la Bastille, Faubourg Saint Antoine, le Marais	Apartment of 44 square meters, it can accommodate four people. It is located on Boulevard de Denain in the 10th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor with elevator. Facilities at your disposal: Oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, toaster, coffee maker, kettle, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, TV with international channels, DVD player, internet with WIFI, towels, sheets. The living room, with an area of 22 square meters, has three windows facing west. It is equipped with a bookcase, a desk, a double sofa bed (140 cm), 2 chairs, 3 chairs, table, coffee table. Wooden floor. The room has a window, a double bed 160 cm, closet, bedside table, wooden floor. Bathroom: Bathtub, sink, hair dryer, tiled floor. Near: Cirque d'Hiver, Canal Saint Martin, Place de la République, Place de la Bastille, Faubourg Saint Antoine, le Marais
8451	The studio was entirely renewed last year and has a large balcony on the border of the Canal. The sunlight goes through the windows from 3pm untill sunset, making the studio a very charming place to live in.	"Entirely renewed studio w/ balcony located on border of Canal St Martin. The inside is 25m2. The balcony is 4m2 and offers a great view on the Canal. ""République"" station is 7 minutes away and will allow you to get in any area of Paris in 40min max. The studio was entirely renewed last year and has a large balcony on the border of the Canal. The sunlight goes through the windows from 3pm untill sunset, making the studio a very charming place to live in. I would be glad to show you the area and give you some tips about Paris. I live 5 minutes away from the studio. Therefore, I will be available most of the time, should you have any enquiries or questions. Over the last five years, the Canal St Martin has become one of the must-see places in Paris. Surrounded by nice restaurants and bars, this neighborhood is very lively. It also is ideally located, near the central République station. You will be able to get to any of Paris' famous monuments in no longer than 30/40 minutes. The closest "
8452	Typical bijou bright parisien appartment beautifully refurbished with panelled walls and high ceilings. Ideally suited to couples or families with up to three children.	Ideal location for exploring the centre of Paris! This immaculate appartment is best suited to couples or families of upto 5. Comprising entrance with shower room and wc, living room, dining area with kitchenette and hallway to 2 separate bedrooms. Typical bijou bright parisien appartment beautifully refurbished with panelled walls and high ceilings. Ideally suited to couples or families with up to three children. Canal St-Martin's iron footbridges and tree-shaded quays form the backdrop for this ever-gentrifying area of Paris, drawing a trendy crowd to its shabby-chic bars and appetizing bistros. A stones throw away from metro station République, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord (Eurostar) and many other metro stations.  Caretaker Dishwasher Washing Machine Acoustic double glazed windows Thermostatic electric heating Smart TV Master bedroom TV Baby bed if required
8453	We have a large beautiful apartment in central Paris in a great neighbourhood. It is well designed and has a warm and calm Parisian feel.   It is very spacious (133m² = 1431.6ft²), has recently been renovated and has been featured in ELLE and MARIE CLAIRE magazines. With a cosy american kitchen (Fully furnished with Micro Wave, Oven, Freezer, washer, dryer …), two living rooms, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, our apartment can accommodate 7 people. One bedroom has a queen size bed, the other bedroom has two single beds, the third bedroom has a convertible for two people and each living room has a sofa that doubles as a single bed.  There is a large Full HD TV Screen with cable TV+ High Speed Internet (100mo).   Please let us help you with off the beaten tracks food tours, children tours and shopping TOURS. Not a tourist Destination is there for unique and unforgettable Paris visits! Our neighbourhood has great energy and atmosphere and has maintained its unique family/small businesses feel wi	We have a large beautiful apartment in central Paris in a great neighbourhood. It is well designed and has a warm and calm Parisian feel.   It is very spacious (133m² = 1431.6ft²), has recently been renovated and has been featured in ELLE and MARIE CLAIRE magazines. With a cosy american kitchen (Fully furnished with Micro Wave, Oven, Freezer, washer, dryer …), two living rooms, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, our apartment can accommodate 7 people. One bedroom has a queen size bed, the other bedroom has two single beds, the third bedroom has a convertible for two people and each living room has a sofa that doubles as a single bed.  There is a large Full HD TV Screen with cable TV+ High Speed Internet (100mo).   Please let us help you with off the beaten tracks food tours, children tours and shopping TOURS. Not a tourist Destination is there for unique and unforgettable Paris visits! Our neighbourhood has great energy and atmosphere and has maintained its unique family/small businesses feel wi
8454	Appartement 2 pièces  offrant une pièce principale avec cuisine ouverte sur Salon.Chambre séparée avec un vrai lit 2 places,et salle de bains ouverte sur la (website hidden) 2ème étage ,vue sur cour et extrêmement calme.Charme de l'ancien complètement refais à neuf,idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Entre le canal St Martin et le Marais et bénéficiant des 5 lignes de métro de la Place de la République,le quartier est vivant et agréable.A proximités des bars,théâtres et autres restaurant parisiens.avec des supermarchés ouvert tard le soir. Un appartement calme et charmant au sein de l'animation parisienne. 	Appartement 2 pièces  offrant une pièce principale avec cuisine ouverte sur Salon.Chambre séparée avec un vrai lit 2 places,et salle de bains ouverte sur la (website hidden) 2ème étage ,vue sur cour et extrêmement calme.Charme de l'ancien complètement refais à neuf,idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Entre le canal St Martin et le Marais et bénéficiant des 5 lignes de métro de la Place de la République,le quartier est vivant et agréable.A proximités des bars,théâtres et autres restaurant parisiens.avec des supermarchés ouvert tard le soir. Un appartement calme et charmant au sein de l'animation parisienne. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement . J'aime la proximité des transports en commun,le canal St Martin,les commerces et cafés et la proximité du centre de Paris avec les grands boulevards,les halles le marais...Tout peut se faire à pied également. Plusieurs possibilités: -Métro Jacques Bonsergent ligne 5 -Métro République sortie 6 ou 7:ligne3, 5,8,9,11 -Métro Strasbourg StDenis:lig
8455	charming appartment of 51 m² on the 5th floor. in front of Gare de l'Est. Saint Martin Canal is at the end of the street. a park, underground stations and stores are at proximity. there is one bedroom (13m²) with a kingsize bed, a living room (21m²) with tv, internet and a stereo. a kitchen with frigde, a dishwasher, oven... a bathroom with a washing machine and separated toilets. you can stay one night or two weeks, whatever you need! you are at 10 minutes by walk of Republique and buttes Chaumont and at fifteen minutes by walk of quartier quartier montorgueil, église Notre Dame, les halles. Opéra is at 5 stations from my place. About the district: The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as	charming appartment of 51 m² on the 5th floor. in front of Gare de l'Est. Saint Martin Canal is at the end of the street. a park, underground stations and stores are at proximity. there is one bedroom (13m²) with a kingsize bed, a living room (21m²) with tv, internet and a stereo. a kitchen with frigde, a dishwasher, oven... a bathroom with a washing machine and separated toilets. you can stay one night or two weeks, whatever you need! you are at 10 minutes by walk of Republique and buttes Chaumont and at fifteen minutes by walk of quartier quartier montorgueil, église Notre Dame, les halles. Opéra is at 5 stations from my place. About the district: The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as
8456	This is a beautifully decorated apartment, with original artwork and vintage designer furniture. It has wood parquet floors, double-glazed windows which keeps it warm in the winter and cool in the summer and blocks out any noise from the street. It also has a balcony that has a great view of the beautiful Porte St. Denis. There is a large bathroom with a full bath. The bedroom has a fabulously comfortable palace queen sized bed from Simmons with fine thread cotton sheets, and a comfy duvet and two pillows per guest. There is also plenty of storage space in the bedrooms mirrored cupboards (one is reserved for me, sorry). the kitchen is very well equipped, with a four-hub gas burner and an oven from Scholtes. There is a dishwasher and washing machine (no dryer, but a clothes line in the bathroom). There is an Iphone 4 dock and a small flatscreen television with basic cable access.	1 bdr Situated in the market street area of rue du Fbg St. Denis, with lots of fab food shops, restaurants, cafés and bars, this apartment is beautifully decorated with vintage designer pieces and original artwork and has a balcony with a view. This is a beautifully decorated apartment, with original artwork and vintage designer furniture. It has wood parquet floors, double-glazed windows which keeps it warm in the winter and cool in the summer and blocks out any noise from the street. It also has a balcony that has a great view of the beautiful Porte St. Denis. There is a large bathroom with a full bath. The bedroom has a fabulously comfortable palace queen sized bed from Simmons with fine thread cotton sheets, and a comfy duvet and two pillows per guest. There is also plenty of storage space in the bedrooms mirrored cupboards (one is reserved for me, sorry). the kitchen is very well equipped, with a four-hub gas burner and an oven from Scholtes. There is a dishwasher and washing mach
8457		Très joli loft situé au rez-de chaussée dans une cour calme, l'appartement est composé d'une chambre, d'une salle d'eau , d'un wc, et d'un salon avec coin cuisine idéal 2 personnes, peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes.
8458		Appartement contemporain avec très grand salon, 2 chambres et 2 SDB, un bureau, grande entrée et une belle cuisine ouverte. Au 2ème étage sur cour (calme) très proche à pied des quartiers centraux, metro (4 lignes), velib autolib prox immédiate
8459		Typical parisian flat perfectly located (Near Gare du Nord) to discover Paris. * Bed for 2 * Hair dryer * Parquet * Washing machine * Bathtub
8460		Appartement de charme, très calme et lumineux. Idéalement situé, proche de gare du Nord et de l'Est, RER B, D, E, métros 2, 4, 5 et 7. Nombreux commerces et restaurants indiens, boulangeries et supérettes. Remise des clés vendredi 31/07 avant 13h Location pour 7 nuits au minimum. La remise des clés se fera le vendredi 31 juillet au plus tard à midi, afin de vous délivrer un maximum d'informations sur le logement et des conseils pour votre séjour si vous le souhaitez.
8461	You'll find 2 rooms and one living room, separated kitchen with wathever you want (no oven though). Washing machine, dishwasher, wifi of course and TV	3 rooms flat in the center of Paris near the Gare du Nord. Very close access to three lines of metro and three lines of RER so that you can go very fast wherever you want ! You'll find 2 rooms and one living room, separated kitchen with wathever you want (no oven though). Washing machine, dishwasher, wifi of course and TV
8462	Large and comfortable 60 m2 ( 650 sqft ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , featuring a 3.40 m (11 feet) high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. The apartment looks onto a bright and quiet private courtyard where you only hear birds singing! It is at the 2nd French floor (called noble floor) of a secured building with 2 digicodes and a janitor. It has been fully renovated recently and is very clean. The apartment is in a very convenient location at the heart of a major and central public transportation node in Paris, making it the perfect base location for visiting Paris ! You will be 2 minutes walking distance from 4 metro lines, 4 Velib stations, and 20 bus lines, you're within reach of any touristic site in Paris in the blink of an eye, less than 10 minutes away from : Le Marais, Les Halles, Opera, Notre-Dame, Le Louvre, Ile Saint-Louis, Quartier Latin, St Germain des Près, Buttes Chaumont, Champs-Elysées, Rivoli, Hotel de ville ... Y	Large and comfortable typical Parisian Haussmann style apartment, featuring high ceilings with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. Large and comfortable 60 m2 ( 650 sqft ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , featuring a 3.40 m (11 feet) high ceiling with moldings, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. The apartment looks onto a bright and quiet private courtyard where you only hear birds singing! It is at the 2nd French floor (called noble floor) of a secured building with 2 digicodes and a janitor. It has been fully renovated recently and is very clean. The apartment is in a very convenient location at the heart of a major and central public transportation node in Paris, making it the perfect base location for visiting Paris ! You will be 2 minutes walking distance from 4 metro lines, 4 Velib stations, and 20 bus lines, you're within reach of any touristic site in Paris in the blink of an eye, less than 10 minutes away from : Le M
8463	NOTE: Please always check availability with me first before making a booking here. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. This is not a share. You will have the whole apartment for yourselves. ABOUT THE NEIGHBORHOOD/LOCATION: Airbnb perfectly describes the neighbourhood where the apartment is located... https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/gare-du-nord-gare-de-i-est ... surrounded and accessible by foot by two of the most typical and popular Parisian neighbourhoods : Montmartre (https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/montmartre ) and the Canal Saint Martin (https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/canal-saint-martin ) in the vibrant 10th arrondissement of Paris! ((website hidden))  ABOUT THE APARTMENT:  This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most vibrant areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, enjoy the warm natural light and the rare and impressive view on Paris. The view is totally exceptional, from Notre Da	NOTE: Please always check availability with me first before making a booking here. Just send me a brief message with your dates before booking. This is not a share. You will have the whole apartment for yourselves. ABOUT THE NEIGHBORHOOD/LOCATION: Airbnb perfectly describes the neighbourhood where the apartment is located... https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/gare-du-nord-gare-de-i-est ... surrounded and accessible by foot by two of the most typical and popular Parisian neighbourhoods : Montmartre (https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/montmartre ) and the Canal Saint Martin (https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/canal-saint-martin ) in the vibrant 10th arrondissement of Paris! ((website hidden))  ABOUT THE APARTMENT:  This is your opportunity to stay in one of the most vibrant areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, enjoy the warm natural light and the rare and impressive view on Paris. The view is totally exceptional, from Notre Da
8464	Our beautiful apartment is cosy and quiet with minimal noise from the street. It's ideal for a family with children. Large living room with fully fitted open-plan kitchen, flowery balcony with a table and chairs. The building is a modern and secure one (2 lifts, central heating, digicode, caretakers). The flat has one bedroom with a large bed (160x200 cm), one with bunk beds (90x190 cm) and a cot (60x120 cm) and a third bedroom/study with an inflatable mattress (150x190 cm, very comfy, not one that will make you sea-sick…!!). One of the bathrooms has a bathtub, the other one a shower. Separate toilet room. The flat is baby friendly. Free Wifi.	Fantastic location in a real Paris neighbourhood, with restaurants, cafés and bars just around the corner and the wonderful Canal Saint Martin right there! Our family home is a modern, cosy and quiet flat with minimal noise from the street. Enjoy! Our beautiful apartment is cosy and quiet with minimal noise from the street. It's ideal for a family with children. Large living room with fully fitted open-plan kitchen, flowery balcony with a table and chairs. The building is a modern and secure one (2 lifts, central heating, digicode, caretakers). The flat has one bedroom with a large bed (160x200 cm), one with bunk beds (90x190 cm) and a cot (60x120 cm) and a third bedroom/study with an inflatable mattress (150x190 cm, very comfy, not one that will make you sea-sick…!!). One of the bathrooms has a bathtub, the other one a shower. Separate toilet room. The flat is baby friendly. Free Wifi. You will access the whole flat. The area is green, not too dense, typical of the “Rive droite” atmos
8465	You will be resting in a spacious, bright, CALM.!.! appart facing South & South East of PARIS with terrasse Trees & Flowers around your breakfast table for your HELLO morning to PARIS	BIENVENUE A PARIS.!....Pure 30° style high building(rare in Paris..)-CALM 6th floor terrace appart-fully modern equipped in very PARISIAN TRENDY restaurants & POP UP stores. Near G LAFAYETTE,MONTMARTE,MOULIN ROUGE, AMELIE Canal ST MARTIN, LE MARAIS You will be resting in a spacious, bright, CALM.!.! appart facing South & South East of PARIS with terrasse Trees & Flowers around your breakfast table for your HELLO morning to PARIS •ACCESS : AIRPORT direct Long Train from Roissy, some connections...from Orly•2 x Train stations (10 minsWALKING to appart) •I will or my dear friend next door will greet you for KEYS, your PARIS MAP info, advises on your stay and help for any more services.. •Newly very trendy PARISIAN PORTE ST DENIS neighborhood, the WILLIAMSBURG in Paris...•FOOD : First FRANCE patisserie ••Christophe MICHALAK,great boulangeries, urbain mix, Pop Ups, restaurants, fresh fruits and vegetables, ••POP UP clothing stores, deli etc. Walking 15 mins to•• GALERIES LAFAYETTE, 20mins t
8466		Located in the animated Canal Saint Martin area, our flat is shiny, comfy and full equipped for a lovely stay in Paris. 4 pax. will enjoy the living room with its american kitchen, one large classic bedroom and a TV room with its convertible sofa.
8467	Our 43m² apartment has a large bedroom with king size bed, a large living and dining room overlooking the canal and functional kitchen .The bathroom includes a laundry.  Ideal for a couple looking for memorable trip in Paris and true city feeling. The sofa in the living room can accommodate one or two additional (website hidden) and Wifi ADSL.  Possibility of using the parking of the building (on request only).	Our lovely apartment is located on Canal st Martin with no vis-à-vis.Unique panorama (view on Sacré Coeur,Eiffel Tower,Montparnasse).West facing (amazing sunset show). Central, very nice neighbohood, one of Parisians' favorite.Unique experience! Our 43m² apartment has a large bedroom with king size bed, a large living and dining room overlooking the canal and functional kitchen .The bathroom includes a laundry.  Ideal for a couple looking for memorable trip in Paris and true city feeling. The sofa in the living room can accommodate one or two additional (website hidden) and Wifi ADSL.  Possibility of using the parking of the building (on request only). To be determined with guests but large flexibility Before, during and / or after the trip For members Only!  Feel and breath the vintage Paris around the Canal Saint-Martin. This is a dynamic, mixed and authentic district, with many outdoor cafes and restaurants. On sunday, docks are off cars, perfect for a walk or jog, a bike ride (bike
8468		Good room with balcony, good bed, 5th floor w. elevator !  Best area near :  - The Canal (5min) - Montmartre (10min) - Marais (10min) - Trendy bars (5min) - Gare du Nord (2min) with RER B -> Direct to both airport Orly & Charles de Gaulle.
8469	Vue sur le sacre coeur	Vue sur le sacre coeur Proximité avec le canal Saint Martin et la Villette Métro colonel Fabien (ligne 2) ou Jaures (ligne 5)
8470	Very nice 115m2 (sq.m) duplex with two floors of a modern building. Your room is on the top floor of the building. You have access to 1 private bathroom with bath, 1 laundry room shared with your hosts (washing machine and tumble dryer), 1 separate private toilet. Wooden floors and designer furniture, comfortable Your room overlooking the Saint-Martin canal. Very nice view of the Sacre Coeur (amazing sunsets), the Eiffel Tower, the Opera, the Arc de Triomphe ... Apartment very well located, quiet and without any opposite, very bright. Several metro lines 2, 5, 7, 7a. The apartment is as well just 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Opera and 20 minutes from the Louvre museum or the Bastille district. Supermarket 5 minutes walk Enjoy the best days to go picnic down on the canal banks (you are the only ones to take back home ice or chilled rose wine during picnic !!) - we provide the bowling balls! The apartment is rented entirely to periods when we are absent. Only this room is rented wh	Nice room with private bathroom in a 115m2 (sq.m.) duplex on Canal St Martin with incredible view on Eiffel tower & Montmartre. Prestige design and comfort straight in the traditional Paris. 3 bedrooms & 2 bathrooms. Come and discover our cozy place. Very nice 115m2 (sq.m) duplex with two floors of a modern building. Your room is on the top floor of the building. You have access to 1 private bathroom with bath, 1 laundry room shared with your hosts (washing machine and tumble dryer), 1 separate private toilet. Wooden floors and designer furniture, comfortable Your room overlooking the Saint-Martin canal. Very nice view of the Sacre Coeur (amazing sunsets), the Eiffel Tower, the Opera, the Arc de Triomphe ... Apartment very well located, quiet and without any opposite, very bright. Several metro lines 2, 5, 7, 7a. The apartment is as well just 15 minutes from Montmartre and the Opera and 20 minutes from the Louvre museum or the Bastille district. Supermarket 5 minutes walk Enjoy the bes
8471	l est composé d'une belle salle de bain (grande douche), d'une belle chambre qui est mise à votre disposition (très calme) , d'une cuisine/ salle à manger avec canapé et d'un salon séparé.  Un beau parquet boisé, des moulures au plafond et des cheminées (non actives) font de cet appartement un lieu typiquement Haussmann. L'appartement est équipé d'un lave vaisselle, lave linge, internet illimité, sèche cheveux, table à repasser, fer à repasser…	Appartement idéalement situé entre Montmartre et Opéra ! L'appartement est très calme et lumineux, au 3e étage, entrée à digicode et ascenseur ! l est composé d'une belle salle de bain (grande douche), d'une belle chambre qui est mise à votre disposition (très calme) , d'une cuisine/ salle à manger avec canapé et d'un salon séparé.  Un beau parquet boisé, des moulures au plafond et des cheminées (non actives) font de cet appartement un lieu typiquement Haussmann. L'appartement est équipé d'un lave vaisselle, lave linge, internet illimité, sèche cheveux, table à repasser, fer à repasser… en plein centre de Paris !! à 5 min à pied de la Gare du Nord  à 10 minutes à pieds de Pigalle, Le sacré coeur, la rue des Martyrs  à 15 minutes à pied de l'Opéra Garnier, boulevard des Italiens, Galerie Lafayette, boulevard Hausmanntrès bien desservi par les transports (métro, bus) situé dans un quartier très commerçant (petits marchés, cafés et restaurants)
8472		Studio climatisé et lumineux. Lit très confort. Salle de bain au top. Station proche: Métro 4 Gare du nord - Gare de l'est - Chateau d'eau, M7 poissonnière  Autour de vous: Marché St Quentin, le Manoir, de quoi boire, manger et danser BIEN.
8473		夏尔妮家旅店是位于巴黎市中心二区的华人家庭旅店（只接受中文咨询）。步行10分钟到蓬皮杜，15分钟到塞纳河，20分钟到卢浮宫，20分钟到老佛爷，歌剧院，春天百货。 本店是一个三房一厅的套房，厕所，卫浴，厨房有微波炉，烧开水壶，冰箱，碗筷。洗衣带烘干6欧一桶，不用为洗衣而烦恼。 床上用品一客一换，24小时热水供应，每天有专人全面清洁。免费提供吹风机，沐浴露洗发水，餐巾纸，转换插座，免费的高速光纤WIFI网络。
8474		Gelegen tegen Place de la Republique aan in een rustige straat zijn bijna alle bezienswaardigheden binnen 20 min van het appartement. Ruime woonkamer met natuurlijke kleuren geven ontspannen plaats om Parijs vandaan te ontdekken.
8475		Ideally located between Montmatre, Canal Saint Martin, Bonne Nouvelle and Opera/Lafayette, the appartement is very comfortable, spacious and super luminous with a beautiful view over a Church. The area is very trendy and quiet all day!
8476	The apartment (110 m2 - 1 184 sq ft)  is situated on the 5th floor and the building has an elevator. It has a large dining room and living room with a sofa bed for one person. There are two cosy bedrooms, one with queen size bed and the second bedroom has twin beds, this allows sleeping for up to five guests. Each bedroom has its own bathroom. The first bathroom has a full bath tub with shower allowing you to relax in a hot bath after a day of exploring the sights of Paris. The second bathroom has a newly renovated shower. The apartment has a large fully equipped  kitchen with washing machine. We always welcome guests to give keys and go over apartment utilities, answer any questions and give tips and advice about making the most of your Paris stay.  You will have the privilege of a very private and quite apartment and therefor we please ask you to respect this and your fellow neighbors. This is an exclusive residential building with an amazing courtyard.	A beautiful and cosy apartment with authentic Parisian charm. Sleeps 5, with close access to canal St Martin, famous for its trendy restaurants and shops. Also close by to Marais , it gives you the best Paris experience, without the tourist hordes. The apartment (110 m2 - 1 184 sq ft)  is situated on the 5th floor and the building has an elevator. It has a large dining room and living room with a sofa bed for one person. There are two cosy bedrooms, one with queen size bed and the second bedroom has twin beds, this allows sleeping for up to five guests. Each bedroom has its own bathroom. The first bathroom has a full bath tub with shower allowing you to relax in a hot bath after a day of exploring the sights of Paris. The second bathroom has a newly renovated shower. The apartment has a large fully equipped  kitchen with washing machine. We always welcome guests to give keys and go over apartment utilities, answer any questions and give tips and advice about making the most of your Par
8477		Appartement de 38m2 trés calme. A 200m des stations de métro.
8478	Situation : Desservi par le RER ligne B, D et E (30 minutes de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 10mn de la Gare de Lyon) et par 4 lignes de métro 2 (10 mn de Montmartre, 15 mn du Père Lachaise), 4 (15 mn de Châtelet, 20 mn de l'Odéon, 25 mn de la Gare Montparnasse) , 5 (15 mn de Bastille, 20 mn de la Gare d'Austerlitz et 7 (10 mn de l'Opéra), de nombreux bus et à proximité de plusieurs stations Vélib. Commerçants, restaurants, marché à proximité  Appartement : En duplex au 5 et 6 et dernier étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien typiquement parisien, avec ascenseur et balcon, l'appartement de 90m2, très ensoleillé avec parquet et cheminée, est composé au 5ème étage : d'un séjour-salon, d'une petite cuisine toute équipée, d'une salle de bains (douche-baignoire), des toilettes et d'une chambre. La salle de bains et la cuisine est à partager avec nous. et au 6ème étage, d'un bureau et de 2 chambres (une grande et une plus petite contigüe) ainsi que de toilettes. Chambres à disposition : Une chambr	Notre appartement ensoleillé au 5ème avec ascenseur, se situe dans une petite rue près de la Gare du Nord et Gare de l'Est,  chambre au calme avec grand lit, et petit déjeuner bio. Situation : Desservi par le RER ligne B, D et E (30 minutes de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle, 10mn de la Gare de Lyon) et par 4 lignes de métro 2 (10 mn de Montmartre, 15 mn du Père Lachaise), 4 (15 mn de Châtelet, 20 mn de l'Odéon, 25 mn de la Gare Montparnasse) , 5 (15 mn de Bastille, 20 mn de la Gare d'Austerlitz et 7 (10 mn de l'Opéra), de nombreux bus et à proximité de plusieurs stations Vélib. Commerçants, restaurants, marché à proximité  Appartement : En duplex au 5 et 6 et dernier étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien typiquement parisien, avec ascenseur et balcon, l'appartement de 90m2, très ensoleillé avec parquet et cheminée, est composé au 5ème étage : d'un séjour-salon, d'une petite cuisine toute équipée, d'une salle de bains (douche-baignoire), des toilettes et d'une chambre. La salle de bains et la 
8479	Chambre avec un grand lit pour deux. Appartement calme et agréable équipé d'une connexion wifi.	Appartement parisien très calme Très bien désservi gare de l'est, gare du nord et métro poissonière. Situé près de République, canal saint Martin, Montmartre... La chambre possède un lit deux places, idéale pour un couple ou personne seul. Chambre avec un grand lit pour deux. Appartement calme et agréable équipé d'une connexion wifi. Cuisine équipée avec tout les ustensiles accessible pour cuisiner. Salle de bain et toilettes aussi Tout en étant très calme la rue de chabrol reste un lieu animé par des restaurants, bars, magasins très variés. Très bien desservi par gare du nord, gare de l'est et la station de métro poissonnière.
8480	Our appartement is really large and the space organisation is perfect. You have totally isolated spaces : bedrooms are far from the living room so you can have different rythms. The ktichen is open on the living room. The whole place has been renewed : paintings, floor, design furniture... it is absolutely outrageous. From our home, you can go everywhere in Paris in 30 minutes, it is linked to so many subway and buses lines. In our home, you can also find everything you need for entertainment : lots of music and films, for adults and children. The perfect place ! 	Large classical & design apartement in the center of Paris. Perfect for families or groups of friend. 140 sqm, 3 bedrooms, a living room, a dining room. All furnished and perfectly clean. So confortable !  Our appartement is really large and the space organisation is perfect. You have totally isolated spaces : bedrooms are far from the living room so you can have different rythms. The ktichen is open on the living room. The whole place has been renewed : paintings, floor, design furniture... it is absolutely outrageous. From our home, you can go everywhere in Paris in 30 minutes, it is linked to so many subway and buses lines. In our home, you can also find everything you need for entertainment : lots of music and films, for adults and children. The perfect place !  You will have access to everything we have, including a mac computer with guest session. We have lots of guide books. And we can tell you the good things to do while you are there.  When you are there, we will be away on ho
8481	"50sqm flat located in central Paris, in a very trendy and dynamic neighborhood near ""Place de la République"", ""le Marais"" or ""Gare de l'Est"" (East central station). The flat is very quite, looking onto a private courtyard. The flat is composed of an double bedroom, a living room with convertible sofa, bathroom with separated toilets and a fully equiped kitchen."	"50sqm flat located in central Paris, in a very trendy and dynamic. The flat is very quite, looking onto a private courtyard. Suitable for 2 persons, up to 4 persons maximum. 50sqm flat located in central Paris, in a very trendy and dynamic neighborhood near ""Place de la République"", ""le Marais"" or ""Gare de l'Est"" (East central station). The flat is very quite, looking onto a private courtyard. The flat is composed of an double bedroom, a living room with convertible sofa, bathroom with separated toilets and a fully equiped kitchen. Guests will have access to the full appartment, with all equipments included (Plasma TV, washing machine, dryer, oven, internet access...) Very dynamic district with a lot of bars and shops around. Canal St Martin is 10 min walks, Place de la République also and so is the Marais district. the flat is ideally located with a lot of metro stations around, allowing you to take up to 5 different lines easily. 10 minutes walk from Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. C"
8482	Grâce au balcon de l'appartement, les voyageurs pourront fumer à l'extérieur en toute tranquillité. Il est en revanche interdit de fumer à l'intérieur. Métro Gare de l'Est (lignes 4, 5 et 7) L'appartement est doté d'un interphone vidéo.  Par contre l'appartement ne dispose pas de télévision ni de l'air conditionné.	Grâce au balcon de l'appartement, les voyageurs pourront fumer à l'extérieur en toute tranquillité. Il est en revanche interdit de fumer à l'intérieur. Métro Gare de l'Est (lignes 4, 5 et 7) L'appartement est doté d'un interphone vidéo.  Par contre l'appartement ne dispose pas de télévision ni de l'air conditionné. L'appartement est doté d'un interphone vidéo.  Il est également équipé d'un lave-linge mais par contre pas de lave-vaisselle pour le moment (en cours de changement)
8483	Style, location, light	Stylish flat in Paris' up-and-coming areas, near Canal St Martin, the foodie areas of the 11th arrondissement. The Marais and République metro station (5 metro lines) is nearby. The flat has a separate sleeping area. Good for one person or a couple. Style, location, light The flat has a fully equipped kitchen, all you need in terms of bedding and bathing, a separate sleeping area, tea, coffee, books (in English too), CDs and more. Wifi of course. The flat is all yours and you will enjoy full privacy. We will however respond immediately to any queries or should there be a problem. The neighbourhood is lively and multicultural, ideal for those who would like to get to know a more secret Paris made of cool bars, food from all over the world. It's very well situated and connected through metro to the rest of Paris. The Marais is nearby. Metro lines 11 or 2 directly, and République with its 5 metro lines is close by.
8484	This amazing casual and flowery flat fits perfectly for families . It is very spacious (110m²) and situated in the 10th district of Paris, on the second floor of the building.  The living room is spacious and there are many sofas in which you can soothe. :) The wifi is include The atmosphere of the flat is friendly and we feel very well into those walls.  There are 3 bedrooms and 4 beds, two beds are double beds and the two others are simple beds. The house can thus welcome 6 persons. Each room has its own design and atmosphere.  There are two bathrooms, and one bathroom is in a bedroom, you will find a shower in it. Concerning the other bathroom you will have to share it, there is a bathtub for people who enjoy long and bubble baths.   The open kitchen is fully equipped with (microwave, washing machine, crokery, oven etc...).  Towels, household linen, pillowcases, shampoo and shower gel are provided. :) The nearest metro station is Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 8 et 9).   If you need any othe	This flat is breathtaking, bright, casual and modern in the same time, you will have 110m² at your disposal.  Its nice design and flowery atmosphere are unforgettable. :) A perfect mixed between wood and design. Accommodation for 6 people in 4 beds This amazing casual and flowery flat fits perfectly for families . It is very spacious (110m²) and situated in the 10th district of Paris, on the second floor of the building.  The living room is spacious and there are many sofas in which you can soothe. :) The wifi is include The atmosphere of the flat is friendly and we feel very well into those walls.  There are 3 bedrooms and 4 beds, two beds are double beds and the two others are simple beds. The house can thus welcome 6 persons. Each room has its own design and atmosphere.  There are two bathrooms, and one bathroom is in a bedroom, you will find a shower in it. Concerning the other bathroom you will have to share it, there is a bathtub for people who enjoy long and bubble baths.   The 
8485	Studio calm and welcoming, ideally located in the heart of Paris (10eme arrondissement). A fully equipped kitchen with two ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, toaster, cofee machine, kettle, microwawe/owen, washing machine and hair dryer. All the basic cleaning products needed during your stay are available. Bathroom with shower and toilet. The studio also as a large sofa bed that converts into a comfortable double bed to accomodate 2 additional people. Also if required a fold out small bed and a baby's highchair. The studio has hig speed Wi-Fi connection. 	Owned by an Italian architect, this nice studio-flat located in the heart of Paris very close to the Canal St Martin, Place de la République, Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Studio calm and welcoming, ideally located in the heart of Paris (10eme arrondissement). A fully equipped kitchen with two ceramic hob, fridge, freezer, toaster, cofee machine, kettle, microwawe/owen, washing machine and hair dryer. All the basic cleaning products needed during your stay are available. Bathroom with shower and toilet. The studio also as a large sofa bed that converts into a comfortable double bed to accomodate 2 additional people. Also if required a fold out small bed and a baby's highchair. The studio has hig speed Wi-Fi connection. Flexible check-in and check-out according to the occupancy of the studio. By default, standard time is : check-in : 1h00 pm check-out : 11h00 am I live in the neighbourhood and I'm always available to help or provide any information, I can be reached at any time either
8486	Hello and welcome to your room ! For rent a room (with double bed) in a charming bright all furnished apartment (duplex) with terrace. Very peaceful and bright : courtyard and street view. the apartment is located on the 5th floor, without elevator.  The room overviewed a courtyard and the main room is on the street. Open kitchen with all you need for the breakfast (not available to cook diner) : toaster, oven, etc... Near Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou), Les Halles et République. Metro Strasbourg St Denis - ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9 you will then have direct access to lots of iconic places in Paris : Bastille, Place des Vosges, Saint Michel, Odeon, Trocadero, Opera Garnier, Republique.  Good restaurants and food stores all around.  Towels, bed sheets, very well equipped kitchen, washing machine, internet wifi etc... I will do my best to provide you with information about this great city, please feel free to ask ! Welcome ! 	Hello and welcome to your room ! For rent a room (with double bed) in a charming bright all furnished apartment (duplex) with terrace. Very peaceful and bright : courtyard and street view. the apartment is located on the 5th floor, without elevator.  The room overviewed a courtyard and the main room is on the street. Open kitchen with all you need for the breakfast (not available to cook diner) : toaster, oven, etc... Near Beaubourg (Centre Pompidou), Les Halles et République. Metro Strasbourg St Denis - ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9 you will then have direct access to lots of iconic places in Paris : Bastille, Place des Vosges, Saint Michel, Odeon, Trocadero, Opera Garnier, Republique.  Good restaurants and food stores all around.  Towels, bed sheets, very well equipped kitchen, washing machine, internet wifi etc... I will do my best to provide you with information about this great city, please feel free to ask ! Welcome ! 
8487	Silent and Bright This fully furnished studio apartment is on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building in the Place de la Republique district in Paris, France. This 19th century walk-up building features a security system and courtyard. This 35 sq. m. apartment features western exposures of the courtyard. There is also a washing machine, high speed Internet connection, and air conditioning in the apartment. The approx. 31 sq. m. main area features 4 windows, one of which is a double directional opening skylight, protected by curtains and blinds. There is a 3.5 sq. m. mezzanine that houses the double-size mattress (approx. 1.50 m between the ceiling and mezzanine floor). The main area is furnished with a double-size convertible futon, dining table, desk with a combo telephone/fax, Hi-Fi stereo, and TV with cable. There are also bookshelves, shelves for clothes, and a hanging bar behind a curtain. Sheets are provided. The open kitchen area is equipped with one electric and three gas burn	Silent and Bright This fully furnished studio apartment is on the 3rd floor of a 19th century building in the Place de la Republique district in Paris, France. This 19th century walk-up building features a security system and courtyard. This 35 sq. m. apartment features western exposures of the courtyard. There is also a washing machine, high speed Internet connection, and air conditioning in the apartment. The approx. 31 sq. m. main area features 4 windows, one of which is a double directional opening skylight, protected by curtains and blinds. There is a 3.5 sq. m. mezzanine that houses the double-size mattress (approx. 1.50 m between the ceiling and mezzanine floor). The main area is furnished with a double-size convertible futon, dining table, desk with a combo telephone/fax, Hi-Fi stereo, and TV with cable. There are also bookshelves, shelves for clothes, and a hanging bar behind a curtain. Sheets are provided. The open kitchen area is equipped with one electric and three gas burn
8488	"Direct access to the Airport and Eurostar / Thalys A charming apartment in the heart of Paris , ideally located along the Canal Saint-Martin , in a quiet area with many cafes , restaurants and food shops and supermarkets . You will feel at home in this comfortably furnished apartment, fully at your disposal , with all the necessary amenities : Microwave, washing machine, oven , kettle, iron, internet, WiFi , HD TV , double bed. The dining table is now a ""normal"" table ( before a high table ) . The bathroom has a bathtub with towels are at your disposal, the kitchen is separated from the living room, while there are adjacent . The apartment is quiet, overlooking private gardens. Just a few seconds walk from the Canal Saint Martin , you can visit the famous places ""At Plum "" or "" Hotel du Nord "" , where you can enjoy a typical Parisian meal canalside . You will be ideally located to find yourself in less than 10 minutes by metro from the most beautiful places in Paris ! The apartment is "	"Direct access to the Airport and Eurostar / Thalys A charming apartment in the heart of Paris , ideally located along the Canal Saint-Martin , in a quiet area with many cafes , restaurants and food shops and supermarkets . You will feel at home in this comfortably furnished apartment, fully at your disposal , with all the necessary amenities : Microwave, washing machine, oven , kettle, iron, internet, WiFi , HD TV , double bed. The dining table is now a ""normal"" table ( before a high table ) . The bathroom has a bathtub with towels are at your disposal, the kitchen is separated from the living room, while there are adjacent . The apartment is quiet, overlooking private gardens. Just a few seconds walk from the Canal Saint Martin , you can visit the famous places ""At Plum "" or "" Hotel du Nord "" , where you can enjoy a typical Parisian meal canalside . You will be ideally located to find yourself in less than 10 minutes by metro from the most beautiful places in Paris ! The apartment is "
8489		a deux pas du canal saint martin, cet appartement est lumineux, double exposition dont une sur cour. il est parfait pour deux couples et enfants en bas age. il est composé de deux chambres dont une enfant, d un grand salon comprenant un couchage.
8490		Petite Chambre simple et bien placée.  Près des gares du Nord et de l'Est.  Avec douche petit coin cuisine, four micro ondes. Télévision ou téléphone Wi-Fi. Idéal pour un jeune homme car elle est au 5 eme étage sans ascenseur. Toilettes sur le palier
8491	"Your dream is to stay in a quieter place, closer to the sky and the sun, whithout any neighbours above, that's quite normal!. Romantic apartment with splendid view over the roofs of Paris (top-floor - no elevator) - (you can also see Eiffel Tower). Located very near to Canal St.Martin and Place de la Republque. Goncourt is the closer Metro station, just round the corner of the building. The Line is the brown one (number 11) and in 3 stops you can arrive to ""Rambuteau"" (Centre Pompidou), otherwise you can also decide to take a 30 minutes walk through the ancient streets of the Marais.  The apartment is close to the Canal St-Martin and the famous Place de la (website hidden) is at less than 100m from the Métro Goncourt (line 11).So you can visit all Paris' monuments from this metro. LOCATION: The charming Canal Saint-Martin with its locks and its bridges is ideal for romantic walks. In five minutes the most bohemian neighborhoods of Paris: Belleville: to be clear from the photographs of "	"Apartment of 30 m2 in the heart of Paris, near Canal Saint-Martin (5min). Come live the Parisian life and enjoy one of the most dynamic and trendy neighborhoods. Typically Parisian apartment, tile, fireplaces, view Eiffell Tour. Your dream is to stay in a quieter place, closer to the sky and the sun, whithout any neighbours above, that's quite normal!. Romantic apartment with splendid view over the roofs of Paris (top-floor - no elevator) - (you can also see Eiffel Tower). Located very near to Canal St.Martin and Place de la Republque. Goncourt is the closer Metro station, just round the corner of the building. The Line is the brown one (number 11) and in 3 stops you can arrive to ""Rambuteau"" (Centre Pompidou), otherwise you can also decide to take a 30 minutes walk through the ancient streets of the Marais.  The apartment is close to the Canal St-Martin and the famous Place de la (website hidden) is at less than 100m from the Métro Goncourt (line 11).So you can visit all Paris' monume"
8492		It results that the apartment is absolutely quite and the sun comes by the window almost all the day. Commerces like supermarket, fruit store, tabac and bars are just down the street. It is a cosy apartement and a lovely area.
8493		Very Bright, newly renovated studio flat on one of the trendiest street of Paris - near Canal St Martin, Close to Republique metro - 10 min from Gare du Nord by bus or taxi - Wifi, Washing machine, Dish washer, fully equipped kitchen the whole Studio None Very Friendly
8494	aa	"My with Love furnished little home is a Paris 2 piece flat (sleepingroom, livingroom with dining area and separate kitchen and bathroom). It is located in ""the place to be"" surrounded by loads of great bars and restaurants! Very central! Windows towards courtyard, peaceful oasis in center of the buzz. aa"
8495	Large well lit double room with comfortable double bed. Lots of wardrobe and storage space. There is an office space, with desk and wifi.  Electric fan is available, and heater.	Large comfortable well lit double room in an apartment next to the famous Hotel Du Nord on the Canal St Martin. The most vibrant area in Paris during the summer. Full of hip bars, cafes, & restaurants, and hundreds of young people partying outside. Large well lit double room with comfortable double bed. Lots of wardrobe and storage space. There is an office space, with desk and wifi.  Electric fan is available, and heater. Guests have total access to the entire apartment.  Shared facilities with a single host (me) include, bathroom, kitchenette, dining area, and living room. Guests will often have the opportunity to have the entire apartment to themselves in the evenings, and are welcome to cook for themselves and dine privately in the living room/dining area. Alternatively I'm a great guide, fluent in French and English, and am happy help the guests to discover any part of Paris or Parisian lifestyle. Guests in Paris on a Saturday night get a free pass for the Funky Paris Pub Crawl (n
8496	Classic and clean 30sqm flat at the third floor of a parisian style building giving on a calm courtyard. 	    You'll find here the perfect 1-week-end-stop flat to discover Paris from one of its liveliest places. Many fine restaurants and bars are popping up in the area so your discovery will be on all parisian aspects.  Classic and clean 30sqm flat at the third floor of a parisian style building giving on a calm courtyard.  You'll have access to a charming double bed private room ! Should you be three, a spare mattress can be thrown to host the night of a homeless wingman or wingwoman. A short list of recommended bars and restaurants in the area will be provided. Giving you the keys will be made as simple as possible ! The area is fantastic as many restaurants, bars, clubs are popping up. The street is never quieting down as many people gather to enjoy week-ends. No worries, you are on a courtyard so no noise will bother you over the night :) ! The flat is very well located in terms of transportation facilities. Metro line 4, 7 and 8 are bringing you right there ! A bose bluetooth speaker 
8497		Charmant studio rénové situé dans le centre de Paris, quartier République, 400m du canal St Martin. 3ème étage, cuisine séparée avec plaques à induction, sdb + toilettes neufs.  Réfrigérateur/congélateur, TV, micro-onde.  Charming renovated studio in the heart of Paris, Republique Place neighborhood. 400m from the Saint Martin canal. Metro, Gare de l'est, Gare du Nord
8498	Cet appartement parisien typique, de 55 m2, se trouve dans un bel immeuble bien entretenu et sécurisé par 2 digicodes. Il se situe au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Décoré avec goût et équipé, il pourra accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Il comprend une entrée, une salle à manger et salon avec une table où il sera agréable de partager un repas, un canapé, une salle de douche, un wc.  Une chambre avec lit double, donne sur la rue (bruits urbains). L'autre chambre donne sur la cour, plus calme. La cuisine vous permettra de cuisiner si vous le souhaitez.   L'appartement est traversant et très lumineux, quelle que soit la saison. Vous pourrez louer dans le quartier des vélos (Vélib) pour quelques euros par jour.  Les clés vous seront remises sur place, à l'appartement, lors de votre arrivée.  Draps et serviettes sont fournis.  Vous trouverez un parking surveillé à quelques minutes de l'appartement :  Parking Gare de l'Est 52 ter rue des Vinaigriers 75010 Paris. À partir de 25€, réservation possi	Typiquement parisien, cet app.  spacieux clair et équipé est idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris et profiter d'un quartier branché qui offre tout sous la main. Location juillet logt entier. Location 1 ch. août. Loc weekd à part sept. Cet appartement parisien typique, de 55 m2, se trouve dans un bel immeuble bien entretenu et sécurisé par 2 digicodes. Il se situe au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Décoré avec goût et équipé, il pourra accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.  Il comprend une entrée, une salle à manger et salon avec une table où il sera agréable de partager un repas, un canapé, une salle de douche, un wc.  Une chambre avec lit double, donne sur la rue (bruits urbains). L'autre chambre donne sur la cour, plus calme. La cuisine vous permettra de cuisiner si vous le souhaitez.   L'appartement est traversant et très lumineux, quelle que soit la saison. Vous pourrez louer dans le quartier des vélos (Vélib) pour quelques euros par jour.  Les clés vous seront remises sur place, à l'apparte
8499	Very central in a trendy area.	Cosy bedroom with mezzanine. Sleeps 2 adults. Quiet, facing courtyard. Bathroom and large kitchen fully equipped. Location is very central and in a nice area of Paris. The street is full of trendy cafes and restaurants. Close to Canal Saint Martin. Very central in a trendy area. Metro line 4, 5, 7, 8 and 9 at 5 minutes walking distance 4th floor without elevator
8500	Avec des poutres atypiques et une hauteur sous plafond de 4.5 mètre notre loft est très lumineux et agréable à vivre. Nous disposons de tous le confort et d'un billard Français pour terminer les soirées tranquillement	Very cunfortable loft ideal for a large family or two families : 2 double beds, 4 single beds, 2 bathrooms, US kitchen. Very sunny and very quiet. 200 meters from St Martin canal, 50 meters underground and buses
8501	Located in the centre of Paris, near a canal, near subway, Apartment full of light, bourgeois, so comfortable, private room, private bathroom, internet, fresh breakfast, no shoes.	Located in the centre of Paris, near a canal, near subway, Apartment full of light, bourgeois, so comfortable, private room, private bathroom, internet, fresh breakfast, no shoes.
8502	L'emplacement est idéal. Situé dans le Haut-Marais, à proximité de la rue de Bretagne, entre métro Arts et Métiers, métro Temple et métro République. Proche toute commodité, restaurants, bars, boutiques, supermarché... A proximité de la place de la République, 10mn à pied de Beaubourg, Châtelet, Centre du Marais. Très calme sur cour. Entièrement refait à neuf dans immeuble ancien bien entretenu avec double sécurité (digicodes).  Vrai lit double très confortable , cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, vaisselle... 1 salle d'eau (douche et WC). Linge de lit fourni. Wifi - (plus câble ethernet)   TV	L'emplacement est idéal. Situé dans le Haut-Marais, à proximité de la rue de Bretagne, entre métro Arts et Métiers, métro Temple et métro République. Proche toute commodité, restaurants, bars, boutiques, supermarché... A proximité de la place de la République, 10mn à pied de Beaubourg, Châtelet, Centre du Marais. Très calme sur cour. Entièrement refait à neuf dans immeuble ancien bien entretenu avec double sécurité (digicodes).  Vrai lit double très confortable , cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, four à micro-ondes, vaisselle... 1 salle d'eau (douche et WC). Linge de lit fourni. Wifi - (plus câble ethernet)   TV Métro Temple ou République - ou Arts et métiers
8503	The apartment is on the third floor of a traditional Parisian apartment building, but has been recently renovated.  The bedroom has a mezzanine-style bed, a small desk, and a large wardrobe.  The apartment contains a small, but fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom, as well as a shared courtyard.	One bedroom with mezzanine style bed in a newly renovated apartment in Paris' trendy and cultural 10th arrondissement. The apartment contains a small, but fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom as well as a communal courtyard . The apartment is on the third floor of a traditional Parisian apartment building, but has been recently renovated.  The bedroom has a mezzanine-style bed, a small desk, and a large wardrobe.  The apartment contains a small, but fully-equipped kitchen and bathroom, as well as a shared courtyard. Guests have access to a private bedroom, the kitchen and the bathroom, as well as use of the courtyard should they want to enjoy the shared space. Although I work full-time during the week, I will always be contactable during the day and around in the evenings.  I'm always happy to give recommendations and advice about Paris! The apartment is located in Belleville, just a few minutes away from the lively Canal Saint-Martin, as well as the gorgeous Parc Buttes Chamont and Pèr
8504	Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the lively Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) has a mezzanine with a double bed and 2 sofa beds in the living room, a small bathroom with shower and toilet. Free baby cot on request .The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a medium sized family. Very well equipped, comfortable and warm with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, toaster -Bread, kettle, dishwasher, iron, hair dryer ...) In addition, 15euros/day, it's possible to have a parking. Sheets and towels are furnished.	Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) is fully equipped for you. Parking possible in addition. Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the lively Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) has a mezzanine with a double bed and 2 sofa beds in the living room, a small bathroom with shower and toilet. Free baby cot on request .The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a medium sized family. Very well equipped, comfortable and warm with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, toaster -Bread, kettle, dishwasher, iron, hair dryer ...) In addition, 15euros/day, it's possible to have a parking. Sheets and towels are furnished. The
8505		Charmant studio avec mezzanine pour 2 personnes, idéalement situé. Dans un immeuble haussmannien, au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, à deux pas de la Gare du Nord, de la Gare de l’Est et de nombreuses lignes de Bus, RER et Métro.  
8506	This centrally located apt was completely refurbished one year ago and is an ideal pied à terre for visitors to Paris. Located on the 4th floor of a 19th century building, the apt is great for leisure or business travelers alike. Cozy and elegantly appointed, It is ideally suited for 2 people (it measures around 36 square meters). Once inside, you will find a fully equipped kitchenette which features a refrigerator, 4 induction burners, microwave oven, classical oven, washing machine, Nespresso machine.  I keep the kitchen stocked with tea bags and coffee capsules for guest use.  Dishes, cutlery, glasses, mugs and pots are at your disposal. There's also a dinner table with 4 chairs. The living area features a small couch, two armchairs, a coffee table, a TV and DVD player.  In the bathroom, you'll find a shower, sink, toilet, electric towel dryer and blowdryer. As you will see in the photos, the sleeping area is equipped with a double bed and is located in a little bedroom.  Naturally,	This centrally located apt was completely refurbished one year ago and is an ideal pied à terre for visitors to Paris.  Cozy and elegantly appointed, It is ideally suited for 2 people (it measures around 36 square meters). This centrally located apt was completely refurbished one year ago and is an ideal pied à terre for visitors to Paris. Located on the 4th floor of a 19th century building, the apt is great for leisure or business travelers alike. Cozy and elegantly appointed, It is ideally suited for 2 people (it measures around 36 square meters). Once inside, you will find a fully equipped kitchenette which features a refrigerator, 4 induction burners, microwave oven, classical oven, washing machine, Nespresso machine.  I keep the kitchen stocked with tea bags and coffee capsules for guest use.  Dishes, cutlery, glasses, mugs and pots are at your disposal. There's also a dinner table with 4 chairs. The living area features a small couch, two armchairs, a coffee table, a TV and DVD p
8507		Un petit lieu cosy pour se reposer après une longue marche parisienne. Idéale avec son petit balcon pour un petit déjeuner au soleil et un espace de vie optimisé. Refait à neuf il ne pourra que vous combler. Idéalement placé pour découvrir le coeur de Paris. Proche d'un des plus vieux artère de Paris, fort réputé mais on ne peut plus charmant et bon à vivre la rue Saint Denis. Tout proche du quartier Montorgueil (3minutes à pieds), qui compte de nombreux restaurants et épiceries typiques. 15 minutes à pieds de Beaubourg, du Marais, 20 minutes de Châtelet, des Halles et du Louvre, 5 minutes toujours à pied de la place de la république et des grands boulevard ! Le metro est au pied de l'appartement desservi par la ligne 4 (dessert la gare Montparnasse), la 8 et la 9. A 3 minutes de la ligne 3.
8508	The flat features two en suite bedrooms, a big size living-room with contemporary design style and a fully equipped kitchen. East and west exposure, it overlooks a good size terrace and a cobblestone pedestrian street. Located on the first floor, with two elevators, this is the perfect choice to enjoy a stay in the City of Lights. Very secure place with a entry system and a doorman.	A designer, colourful and bright modern flat decorated to a high end standard.  Located on a very quiet street with easy access to restaurants and bistros, and many subway stations nearby. The flat features two en suite bedrooms, a big size living-room with contemporary design style and a fully equipped kitchen. East and west exposure, it overlooks a good size terrace and a cobblestone pedestrian street. Located on the first floor, with two elevators, this is the perfect choice to enjoy a stay in the City of Lights. Very secure place with a entry system and a doorman. Guests have full access to all the flat and terrace. If you come with car you can rent a parking space directly with the building manager. There is parking available on the building for 15Euros/24hrs that has to be paid to the building manager directly, subject to availability. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath To
8509	"Room to rent in a flat ( 52 m2 ) in the centre of Paris. Clean, fully furnished and quiet place . On the 6th floor with elevator until the 5th floor and stairs to the 6th floor.  Beautifull  view of the "" Sacré Coeur "" ( Montmartre )  , "" Saint Vincent de Paul "" church and the roofs of Paris. There is a full equipped kitchen with an oven, a microwave and  a fridge. Washing machine.  WIFI connection is also available. Close to buses and metro. Only 3 mins from "" Poissonière "" tube station . 7 mins walk from the stations "" Gare du Nord "" and "" Gare de l'Est"" You will find a supermarket next to the place, a good wine shop, bakery, restaurants. . . Only for friendly, clean and respecful couple, friends or family. I'll be there as you stay in the second room. The rooms are separated by the living room so you have your intimity. It has to be said that the elevator is very small so if you have many luggages you will have to do more than one  way ;-). Hope to see you soon in Paris . . . "	"    Lovely room is quiet, relaxing, next to metros , in the center of Paris. You will find a good energy !    Room to rent in a flat ( 52 m2 ) in the centre of Paris. Clean, fully furnished and quiet place . On the 6th floor with elevator until the 5th floor and stairs to the 6th floor.  Beautifull  view of the "" Sacré Coeur "" ( Montmartre )  , "" Saint Vincent de Paul "" church and the roofs of Paris. There is a full equipped kitchen with an oven, a microwave and  a fridge. Washing machine.  WIFI connection is also available. Close to buses and metro. Only 3 mins from "" Poissonière "" tube station . 7 mins walk from the stations "" Gare du Nord "" and "" Gare de l'Est"" You will find a supermarket next to the place, a good wine shop, bakery, restaurants. . . Only for friendly, clean and respecful couple, friends or family. I'll be there as you stay in the second room. The rooms are separated by the living room so you have your intimity. It has to be said that the elevator is very small so if"
8510	Grande table jusqu'à 12 personnes, porte blindée- Immeuble avec digicodes, local à vélo fermé	Appartement 2 pièces 40m2  *Charme et caractère avec poutres apparentes *Pièce principale avec cuisine US grande table et canapé lit et une chambre spacieuse avec télé/dressing. *Quartier animé, proche tous commerces et transports (Métro République) Grande table jusqu'à 12 personnes, porte blindée- Immeuble avec digicodes, local à vélo fermé Disponible sur demande Métro Jacques Bonsergent (5) ou République (8/9/3/5) Chateau d'eau (4); Station Vélib; nombreux bus. Sono avec cable
8511	The flat features 53 sqm with one bedroom with a dressing area, a big size living-room with contemporary design style and a fully equipped kitchen and of course a nice and warm bathroom. South exposure, the flat is very bright and is situated in a court (not directly on the street) to give you a moment of peace & calm in the city.  Located on the first floor, this is the perfect choice to enjoy a stay in one of the most animated (&bobo) district of Paris.  Very secure place with 2 entry system. Wireless internet and TV available.  The area is really cool : Rue du faubourg st denis has plenty of nice restaurants, bars and cafés. Walking distance to the Metro station Strasbourg Saint Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9) and Chateau d'eau (line 4), you will find it easy to go anywhere in Paris for a day trip, to the Marais, the Eiffel Tower, or Le Louvre Museum, Les Galeries Lafayette … You’ll be also walking distance from Canal St Martin, Gare de l'est, République, Châtelet les Halles.	Lovely 2-rooms loft, fully renovated in 2012. Well situated, walking distance from the center,  Perfect for a couple. The flat features 53 sqm with one bedroom with a dressing area, a big size living-room with contemporary design style and a fully equipped kitchen and of course a nice and warm bathroom. South exposure, the flat is very bright and is situated in a court (not directly on the street) to give you a moment of peace & calm in the city.  Located on the first floor, this is the perfect choice to enjoy a stay in one of the most animated (&bobo) district of Paris.  Very secure place with 2 entry system. Wireless internet and TV available.  The area is really cool : Rue du faubourg st denis has plenty of nice restaurants, bars and cafés. Walking distance to the Metro station Strasbourg Saint Denis (lines 4, 8 and 9) and Chateau d'eau (line 4), you will find it easy to go anywhere in Paris for a day trip, to the Marais, the Eiffel Tower, or Le Louvre Museum, Les Galeries Lafayette
8512	appartement idéalement situé paris 10 eme limite 19 eme, (à pied à environ 7 minutes des buttes chaumont , du canal saint martin , 5 minutes de jaures et belleville ,10 minutes de république )  appartement dans une rue calme exposé plein sud , à 2 minutes du métro, T1 fonctionnel et chaleureux , entièrement  équipé : salon :   canapé d'angle convertible ( très  confortable)               téléviseur                wifi gratuit               table basse                petite table à manger (pour 2)               chauffage central (appartement très bien chauffé )               baie vitrée avancée  cuisine :  grand frigo combiné congélateur                  petit électroménager (bouilloire , grille pain , cafetière ,rice cooker , micro ondes …)                  plaques vitrocéramique  et four  électrique                   salle de bain :  baignoire                             eau chaude centrale (pas de ballon)                             machine à laver   toilettes séparés                	appartement idéalement situé paris 10 eme , (à moins de 10 minutes a pieds des buttes chaumont ,canal saint martin , jaures ,belleville ,république )  T1 fonctionnel et chaleureux , entièrement  équipé ,  a 2 minutes du metro ligne 2  appartement idéalement situé paris 10 eme limite 19 eme, (à pied à environ 7 minutes des buttes chaumont , du canal saint martin , 5 minutes de jaures et belleville ,10 minutes de république )  appartement dans une rue calme exposé plein sud , à 2 minutes du métro, T1 fonctionnel et chaleureux , entièrement  équipé : salon :   canapé d'angle convertible ( très  confortable)               téléviseur                wifi gratuit               table basse                petite table à manger (pour 2)               chauffage central (appartement très bien chauffé )               baie vitrée avancée  cuisine :  grand frigo combiné congélateur                  petit électroménager (bouilloire , grille pain , cafetière ,rice cooker , micro ondes …)               
8513	Appartement de 60 m2 composé de 2 pieces. Une grande piece d'environ 40m2 avec salon , table à manger et cusine equipée. la chambre environ 15m2 est exposée plein sud. Une salle de bain de 5m2 et toilette separées.	"This 60m2 flat is just 5 min by walk from the ""gare du nord"" et ""gare de l'est"". A metro station and velib are just down the bulding. You've also got a tipical french market open all week just in the street."
8514	The location is fantastic! Near the romantic Canal st Martin, near the Buttes Chaumont Park, 10 minutes by subway to Opera, 25 minutes from Tour Eiffel, 10 min walk from North and East station...  Very important: late check out for every stay! As I'll come back late in the evening you will have all the apt for you, even the very last day of your stay!	Beautiful, charming and cozy studio in the 10th district of Paris, near the subway and the romantic Canal St Martin! Quiet place with all equipment, perfect for a couple!  The location is fantastic! Near the romantic Canal st Martin, near the Buttes Chaumont Park, 10 minutes by subway to Opera, 25 minutes from Tour Eiffel, 10 min walk from North and East station...  Very important: late check out for every stay! As I'll come back late in the evening you will have all the apt for you, even the very last day of your stay! You will have all the studio for you!  I will maybe not be there, but friends of mine will welcome you.  Full of restaurants, bars and animation; the Canal St Martin is the place where Parisians always have a walk!  North and East station (5 minutes walk), and many subways (2, 4, 5, 7) The big advantage is that you will have the apt for you even the very last day: late check out guaranteed till (at least) 6 pm.
8515	L'appartement est très lumineux, avec un double exposition. 	Large modern Parisian apartment quiet and a short walk from Canal Saint Martin. Comprising two bedrooms and a large living room with a balcony overlooking an interior garden. Near Republic and four other metros to discover the city.
8516	Cosy Parisian style apartment with a nice balcony and a 180° view on Paris roofs.  2 double bedrooms, a lift, a double living/dining room. Very bright apartment (South-East oriented), calm & quiet.	Located next to the Canal Saint Martin in Paris 10th arrondissement, this 70m2, 2 bedroom apartment is very bright and comfortable. 6th floor, elevator and a blacony, fully equiped kitchen and close to every point of interests. Cosy Parisian style apartment with a nice balcony and a 180° view on Paris roofs.  2 double bedrooms, a lift, a double living/dining room. Very bright apartment (South-East oriented), calm & quiet. Books, DVDs, CDs, TV, WiFi, HiFi, Fully equiped kitchen (microwave oven, oven, Nespresso machine) I'll leave you a full list of good restaurants, bars & places to visit. Very nice neighborhood with all facilities at walking distance (2 minutes) : Bakery, supermarket, metro, wine shop, butcher, fish shop. Cinemas at 7 minutes Canal St Martin boardwalk at 3 minutes by feet. From Paris Gare du Nord:  By foot: Rue Lafayette (10 min) Bus : Line 54 to Louis Blanc (8 min) Metro: Line 5 to Stalingrad (8  min) From Paris Gare de l'Est: By foot: Rue du Faubourg saint Martin (7 
8517		Das Apartment hat 35m2 mit Schlafzimmer, Bad und einen Wohnzimmer mit amerikanischer Küche. Komplett ausgestattet mit allem was man braucht. In der Nähe von Kanal St Matin (5min) und Republique (10min). Super Bars und Restaurants um die Ecke.
8518	"Entirely new flat  Situated 30 meters from Canal St Martin  Calm street Metro Jacques Bonsergeant: 10 minutes by walk Metro Colonel Fabien: 10 minutes by walk Metro Chateau Landon: 10 minutes by walk  Gare de l'Est: 10 minutes by walk - Separated bedroom with a new bed, bought in august 2013 - Bathroom with large shower - Separated toilets - 1 equiped kitchen - 1 living room with table and chairs. - There is a bed in the room transformed in couch  As you can see, there are tons of metros & buses from 5 to 10 minutes walki..... They take you almost anywhere in paris in 10 to 30 minutes like the Louvre or the Sacré Coeur (20 minutes), the Champs elysées with the Arc de triomphe, (25 minutes), the Eiffel tower (30 mn)... The most 'complete"" station called Republique is not very far, with its several different lines. Walking is also nice to go to places as: Notre Dame, Beaubourg - with Pompidou center, Chatelet, Bastille, Le Marais, Grands Boulevards, Menilmontant that are not far at all. "	"Characterful building and a cosy flat, bright and clean.  It is in a good location 5 underground stations Very quick and easy to get to the Eurostar in Gare du Nord Entirely new flat  Situated 30 meters from Canal St Martin  Calm street Metro Jacques Bonsergeant: 10 minutes by walk Metro Colonel Fabien: 10 minutes by walk Metro Chateau Landon: 10 minutes by walk  Gare de l'Est: 10 minutes by walk - Separated bedroom with a new bed, bought in august 2013 - Bathroom with large shower - Separated toilets - 1 equiped kitchen - 1 living room with table and chairs. - There is a bed in the room transformed in couch  As you can see, there are tons of metros & buses from 5 to 10 minutes walki..... They take you almost anywhere in paris in 10 to 30 minutes like the Louvre or the Sacré Coeur (20 minutes), the Champs elysées with the Arc de triomphe, (25 minutes), the Eiffel tower (30 mn)... The most 'complete"" station called Republique is not very far, with its several different lines. Walking is"
8519	Located in a very pleasant and central area in Paris near the Canal Saint-Martin. This flat with an area of 40m2 and it is located on the 3nd floor with no lift. The apartment is newly renovated by an architect with a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, open on the living room that has a convertible sofa for 2 persons. In the sleeping room you have a confortable bed 140x200 and the TV.  A bathroom with bath and toilet (WC).  The T.V. is HD with international channels.  You have unlimited high speed internet access.  I will do the check in myself. Since I live nearby, I am flexible with the arrival hours. This place is where I live, so it’s full-optional but not always free.  After every rent, the flat is cleaned by a professional. You will find towels with soap and shampoo but also a hairdryer. Sheets and duvet are provided.  A fitted kitchen with fridge and freezer, microwave, induction hob, electric kettle and cooking utensils.  For your stay, I provide everything for your b	Situé près du canal Saint-Martin, quartier vivant et très agréable avec restaurants, cafés, commerces, à proximité, l'appartement est un charmant deux pièces de 40m2 haut sous plafond et pourvu de larges baies vitrées. Located in a very pleasant and central area in Paris near the Canal Saint-Martin. This flat with an area of 40m2 and it is located on the 3nd floor with no lift. The apartment is newly renovated by an architect with a fully equipped kitchen with washing machine, open on the living room that has a convertible sofa for 2 persons. In the sleeping room you have a confortable bed 140x200 and the TV.  A bathroom with bath and toilet (WC).  The T.V. is HD with international channels.  You have unlimited high speed internet access.  I will do the check in myself. Since I live nearby, I am flexible with the arrival hours. This place is where I live, so it’s full-optional but not always free.  After every rent, the flat is cleaned by a professional. You will find towels with soap 
8520	"Two rooms with double beds, a large living room with a well equipped  kitchen (microwave, oven, stove, dishwasher....). TV and free wifi connection.  Nice bathroom with a bathtub and washing machine.  The flat is located in a charming building 30 meters from the picturesque Canal Saint Martin. This neighborhood is both friendly and trendy with plenty of nice cafés, bars and restaurants around as well as fashion and design shops.  The place is in the very center of Paris, other cool spots like ""le Marais"" or ""Bastille"" are just a few minutes walk away. "	" Deux chambres avec lits doubles, un grand salon avec une cuisine bien équipée (micro-ondes, four, cuisinière, lave-vaisselle ....). TV et connexion wifi gratuite.  Belle salle de bains avec baignoire et machine à laver.  L'appartement est situé dans un charmant bâtiment à 30 mètres de la pittoresque Canal Saint Martin. Ce quartier est à la fois convivial et branché avec beaucoup de bons cafés, bars et restaurants autour ainsi que la mode et le design des magasins.  L'endroit est en plein centre de Paris, à d'autres endroits frais comme le ""Marais"" ou ""Bastille"" sont juste à quelques minutes à pied. "
8521	Studio with access on the courtyard in a Parisian traditional building. Modern and completely redone at the new beginning of 2011, this very beautiful apartment will seduce you with this decoration of former stones 3-storeyed triplex, with heating in all the at will adjustable apartment. Television with cable and satellite, free, radio WiFi and internet accesses, hi-fi chaine. Apartment was very well situated with just New Good subway station close, stations very close to Opera and Montmartre, in 15 minutes of the Louvre, and near immediate of the cinema celebrate the Big Rex. Ideally placed near all the attractive and tourist places of Paris. Very livened up district, with presence of all the services.	Studio with access on the courtyard in a Parisian traditional building. Modern and completely redone at the new beginning of 2011, this very beautiful apartment will seduce you with this decoration of former stones 3-storeyed triplex, with heating in all the at will adjustable apartment. Television with cable and satellite, free, radio WiFi and internet accesses, hi-fi chaine. Apartment was very well situated with just New Good subway station close, stations very close to Opera and Montmartre, in 15 minutes of the Louvre, and near immediate of the cinema celebrate the Big Rex. Ideally placed near all the attractive and tourist places of Paris. Very livened up district, with presence of all the services.
8522	The studio is located next to the subway Strasbourg Saint Denis (4,8,9 lines) in a very lively and central district.  The surface( 36m2) is open and is composed with: -A bedroom on the mezzanine.  -A living room with a convertible (for extra people). -An open kitchen fully equipped (including dishwasher) -A bathroom with an Italian shower and washing machine as well as space to store your toiletries.  Please note that towels are not provided The place is ideal for a couple but friends or kids are welcomed on the sofa (convertible) downstair. (up to 2 people:10 euros extra per extra people & night). Please note that this is the place where I live and not an hotel.  For those who like such situations, this is definitely a warm and cosy place! 	My studio is an open-space with mezzanine located in a lively aera in the center of Paris. Please note that this is the place where I live. For those who like such situations, this is definitely a warm and cosy place.  The studio is located next to the subway Strasbourg Saint Denis (4,8,9 lines) in a very lively and central district.  The surface( 36m2) is open and is composed with: -A bedroom on the mezzanine.  -A living room with a convertible (for extra people). -An open kitchen fully equipped (including dishwasher) -A bathroom with an Italian shower and washing machine as well as space to store your toiletries.  Please note that towels are not provided The place is ideal for a couple but friends or kids are welcomed on the sofa (convertible) downstair. (up to 2 people:10 euros extra per extra people & night). Please note that this is the place where I live and not an hotel.  For those who like such situations, this is definitely a warm and cosy place! Guest have access to the entir
8523	Perfectly equipped studio with a large bright room. The apartment was refurbished and remodeled in 2009. A new kitchen and bathroom (wc, sink and shower) were designed for optimal comfort. In addition to the bed, there is a a sofa bed can receive two more people. Thus, the maximal capacity is up to four people. 	Touristic area near a métro station Very central place in Paris  1mn walk till the Canal Saint Martin 10mn walk to République 10ème arrondissement 25m2 Perfectly equipped studio with a large bright room. The apartment was refurbished and remodeled in 2009. A new kitchen and bathroom (wc, sink and shower) were designed for optimal comfort. In addition to the bed, there is a a sofa bed can receive two more people. Thus, the maximal capacity is up to four people. The apartment has got every devices you would expect from an hotel room, and much more. You'll find towels, bed sheets, duvet, hairdryer... There is a new quality mattress of 140x200cm, ideal for a person alone or a couple. You also have access to two fans for the summer and a heater for the winter. In the bedroom you'll find shelves to fit your clothes and suitcases. you can ask for an iron and a vacuum cleaner. The kitchen is fully equiped, with a sink, hot plates, kettle, toaster, coffee machine and all the cutlery. There is a
8524	The flat is on the second floor of a calm building. Two large windows looking over the quaint inner courtyard.  The clearance makes a pleasant and bright space with an open kitchen and the bed on mezzanine. Separated bathroom and toilets. Fully furnished, you can cook, listen music, visit internet (wifi connexion), rest and also wash your laundry! Washing machine, oven/microwaves, kitchen boiler, toaster, mixer,blender, music system, fan, iron.	Cosy flat in a quiet courtyard in lively neighbourhood. Closeby Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. The flat is on the second floor of a calm building. Two large windows looking over the quaint inner courtyard.  The clearance makes a pleasant and bright space with an open kitchen and the bed on mezzanine. Separated bathroom and toilets. Fully furnished, you can cook, listen music, visit internet (wifi connexion), rest and also wash your laundry! Washing machine, oven/microwaves, kitchen boiler, toaster, mixer,blender, music system, fan, iron. I will be pleased to give you all the neighbourhood secrets and Paris’s good deals. The flat is located 7 minutes walking from Gare du Nord (Eurostar) and Gare de l’Est in a lively neighbourhood with many food shops, nice little boutiques of clothes and design, restaurants, bars and cinemas (Grand Rex and Max Linder). Also the Folies Bergères are in two blocks.  Closeby Grands Boulevards and Strasbourg Saint Denis, you reach the Opéra de Paris, the Gr
8525	Old presbytery of the 19th century transformed into a spacious and cosy duplex that has preserved its charm: wooden floor, exposed stone and beams, view over a beautiful church... The apartment can welcome up to 6 guests, and is located in a charming area, just minutes walk from Canal Saint-Martin. One the first floor: One spacious living room on the first floor, with fully furnished US kitchen, high dinner table with 8 seatings, large and comfy sofa, flat screen TV (hi-fi sound system, blu-ray, AirPlay...). One bathroom at the same floor, with shower, WC, washing machine and dryer. From the living room, access to a beautiful garden terrace. On the second floor: One bedroom with two double beds (with one on a mezzanine - adapted to children over 7) One bedroom with one double bed and ensuite bathroom (bathtub & WC).	Old presbytery of the 19th century transformed into a spacious and cosy duplex that has preserved its charm: exposed stone and beams, view over a beautiful church... Up to 6 guests, and located in a charming area, minutes walk from Canal StMartin. Old presbytery of the 19th century transformed into a spacious and cosy duplex that has preserved its charm: wooden floor, exposed stone and beams, view over a beautiful church... The apartment can welcome up to 6 guests, and is located in a charming area, just minutes walk from Canal Saint-Martin. One the first floor: One spacious living room on the first floor, with fully furnished US kitchen, high dinner table with 8 seatings, large and comfy sofa, flat screen TV (hi-fi sound system, blu-ray, AirPlay...). One bathroom at the same floor, with shower, WC, washing machine and dryer. From the living room, access to a beautiful garden terrace. On the second floor: One bedroom with two double beds (with one on a mezzanine - adapted to children o
8526	Un grand séjour lumineux, une chambre sur une cour calme, une cuisine fonctionnelle, une salle de bain, des WC séparés. Un nid confortable pour explorer Paris  !	This 645 square feet apartment is located in a popular, multicultural and trendy area. Un grand séjour lumineux, une chambre sur une cour calme, une cuisine fonctionnelle, une salle de bain, des WC séparés. Un nid confortable pour explorer Paris  ! Le WIFI est disponible et un compte invité sur l'iMac vous permettra d'utiliser ce dernier si besoin. Le quartier est très vivant et cosmopolite. bbMETRO Les stations Goncourt (ligne 11) et Belleville (lignes 11 et 2) sont accessibles à moins de 5 minutes à pied.  La station République (lignes 5, 8, 9, 11 ) est à seulement une dizaine de minutes à pied.  BUS Deux lignes de bus passent à quelques centaines de mètre de l'appartement. Ligne 46 : Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est / Colonel Fabien / Voltaire / Porte Dorée / Château de Vincennes Ligne 75 : Porte de Pantin / Danube / Colonel Fabien / République / Hotel de Ville / Pont Neuf VELOS & VOITURES Une station velib' (location de vélo) ainsi qu'une station autolib' (location de voiture électriqu
8527	Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 3 minute from the Place de la République. 5 minutes from le Canal Saint-Martin. 10 minutes from Le Marais by walking. Cafés, cute little markets, restaurants, cute shops, bar... the area is perfect to spend a romantic week-end.  The apartment has a large bed. The place fits 2 comfortably! The kitchen is brand new and fully equiped. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets and towels. Check in and check out times can be flexible. WELCOME TO PARIS ! ------------------------------------- Ce charmant studio de 24m2 dans un immeuble typique du Xème arrondissement sera parfait pour un séjour en plein coeur de Paris! Lumineux et confortable, il est le pied à terre rêvé des amoureux. Cet espace très calme et lumineux dispose d'une belle atmosphère, il a été récemment refait à neuf et designé par un architecte.  Situé à proximité de la Place de la République, du Marais et du Canal Saint-Martin, vous pourrez vous déplacer avec facilité dans tous les arro	Hi everybody, My fabulous, trendy and clean 25 sq. flat is ideally located in the center of Paris, next to the romantic Canal Saint-Martin, la Place de la République, and le Marais. All that is missing is... you! Cosy, convenient, and ideally located: 3 minute from the Place de la République. 5 minutes from le Canal Saint-Martin. 10 minutes from Le Marais by walking. Cafés, cute little markets, restaurants, cute shops, bar... the area is perfect to spend a romantic week-end.  The apartment has a large bed. The place fits 2 comfortably! The kitchen is brand new and fully equiped. All bed linen is provided as well as sheets and towels. Check in and check out times can be flexible. WELCOME TO PARIS ! ------------------------------------- Ce charmant studio de 24m2 dans un immeuble typique du Xème arrondissement sera parfait pour un séjour en plein coeur de Paris! Lumineux et confortable, il est le pied à terre rêvé des amoureux. Cet espace très calme et lumineux dispose d'une belle atmosp
8528		Large 20 m sq. room in the centre of Paris,  in a large shared apartment, Bathrooms and kitchen are shared. metro 8,9,4 Strasbourg St Denis,  10 min walk from gare de Nord
8529	This architect-designed property offers a double-height open-space living room, 1 double bedroom and a mezzanine space with an extra double bed and a large oak desk. The flat is light and very calm, with a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washer-dryer, wide-screen TV, DVD player and great wifi. Situated in the vibrant Bonne Nouvelle area, the property is a few minutes away from both the iconic Montmartre hills and trendy Montorgueil with its little shops and eateries--  but the immediate neighbourhood is, we think, better than either (really!) for local restaurants and cafes. Please do not hesitate to contact us should you have any questions; it would be our pleasure to help ensure that your stay in Paris is perfect!	Our spacious loft apartment in the centre of Paris is stylish, calm, and well-connected-- perfect for those seeking a relaxing break yet close to all amenities. It comfortably sleeps 3-4 people in an elegant urban duplex with a gourmet kitchen. This architect-designed property offers a double-height open-space living room, 1 double bedroom and a mezzanine space with an extra double bed and a large oak desk. The flat is light and very calm, with a fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, washer-dryer, wide-screen TV, DVD player and great wifi. Situated in the vibrant Bonne Nouvelle area, the property is a few minutes away from both the iconic Montmartre hills and trendy Montorgueil with its little shops and eateries--  but the immediate neighbourhood is, we think, better than either (really!) for local restaurants and cafes. Please do not hesitate to contact us should you have any questions; it would be our pleasure to help ensure that your stay in Paris is perfect! The area in detail: Our f
8530	Idéalement situé, dans un quartier branché de la capitale entre la place de République et le canal St martin.	Idéalement situé, dans un quartier branché de la capitale entre la place de République et le canal St martin. Cet appartement calme sur cour est proche de toutes commodités. (Commerces de bouche, bars, restaurants, coffee shop, métro, gare, bus). Idéalement situé, dans un quartier branché de la capitale entre la place de République et le canal St martin.
8531		Loue charmant appartement, situé à proximité du parc des Buttes Chaumont et du Canal St martin. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier de Belleville, à moins d'une minute du metro et à 10 mn du centre de Paris, Châtelet les Halles.
8532	The room is 13 sq-meter and is very quiet. Nothing impressing about it, I painted it 6 month ago, it is clean, very functional and has not that much furniture in it (1 small table, a lamp and a big shelf). The flat has its charm with its wooden floor and its family-size kitchen. Don't expect anything new, but expect a clean, safe and complete appartment where you will immediately feel at home	A clean, functional & quiet room in a 80sq.meter flat. The flat is old and charming, with wooden floor all over and a big kitchen. The living room is quite big as well, with plenty of space to eat, watch TV or rest. The room is 13 sq-meter and is very quiet. Nothing impressing about it, I painted it 6 month ago, it is clean, very functional and has not that much furniture in it (1 small table, a lamp and a big shelf). The flat has its charm with its wooden floor and its family-size kitchen. Don't expect anything new, but expect a clean, safe and complete appartment where you will immediately feel at home You'll have access to the quality basic tools to cook: spices, olive oil, etc. We only ask that if you finish something, please replace it. We have all the tools you will need in order to cook as well My flatmates will work everyday and be there on the week ends and they will be pleased to help make your journey go well and make you feel at home. They have been living in this area for 
8533	The 32m2 apartment features a living room w/ kitchen separated by a bar/counter, and a bedroom with a super comfortable queen size bed. So it's ideal for a couple, but it can also accommodate a third person on the multipurpose couch/daybed in the living room.  The flat is located on the 3rd floor (walk-up), and features 3 windows that overlook the courtyard - making it a very quiet and calm space to come home to.  The place was recently renovated, and features modern appliances, including a recently remodeled bathroom/shower, and practical heater panels for chilly evenings.	Located in the heart of the Paris' trendy and vibrant 10th arrondissement, this practical and very comfortable 32m2 1 bedroom flat can accommodate up to three people. Welcome! The 32m2 apartment features a living room w/ kitchen separated by a bar/counter, and a bedroom with a super comfortable queen size bed. So it's ideal for a couple, but it can also accommodate a third person on the multipurpose couch/daybed in the living room.  The flat is located on the 3rd floor (walk-up), and features 3 windows that overlook the courtyard - making it a very quiet and calm space to come home to.  The place was recently renovated, and features modern appliances, including a recently remodeled bathroom/shower, and practical heater panels for chilly evenings. I'm more than happy to provide any advice/help on both the apartment or the city, at your convenience, and I'm always reachable over the phone or in person if I happen to be in town during your stay. If not, I have close friends who live in th
8534	Un pied à terre idéal pour visiter Paris! Agréable  studio de 20/23 m2 situé au second étage et calme car donnant sur une cour intérieure. L'appartement est bien agencé et aéré  avec ses deux grandes fenêtres. Composé de deux pièces.   La grande pièce fait office de salon et de salle à manger pendant la journée et le soir vous la transformer en chambre avec le canapé lit. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, d'un lavabo et de toilettes. La rue est très commerçante et animée. Vous y trouverez à 2 minutes de marche tous les commerces (boulangerie, supermarché, cafés, restaurants,pharmacie...)  L'espace cuisine est équipé d'un frigidaire, de plaques à induction, d'une cafetière italienne et des ustensiles nécessaires à la préparation de vos repas. La machine à laver s'y trouve également. Calme, confortable et moderne, cet appartement tout équipé est l'endroit idéal pour profiter de votre séjour.	Agréable studio typiquement parisien,  fonctionnel et accueillant. Au second étage et donnant sur cours intérieure Dans quartier populaire proche de lieux incontournables de la capitale Profitez de sa proximité aux divers types de transport Un pied à terre idéal pour visiter Paris! Agréable  studio de 20/23 m2 situé au second étage et calme car donnant sur une cour intérieure. L'appartement est bien agencé et aéré  avec ses deux grandes fenêtres. Composé de deux pièces.   La grande pièce fait office de salon et de salle à manger pendant la journée et le soir vous la transformer en chambre avec le canapé lit. La salle de bain dispose d'une douche, d'un lavabo et de toilettes. La rue est très commerçante et animée. Vous y trouverez à 2 minutes de marche tous les commerces (boulangerie, supermarché, cafés, restaurants,pharmacie...)  L'espace cuisine est équipé d'un frigidaire, de plaques à induction, d'une cafetière italienne et des ustensiles nécessaires à la préparation de vos repas. La
8535	PLEASE, leave me message before sending your booking. A ENSURED & QUICK RESPONSE :-) 55m². Loft located in the historic Faubourg Saint Denis Street.  The apartment has been renovated 4 years ago and in june 2014 too.  The main space is a 24m² livingroom/dining room and kitchen (ground floor), and at the other floor (basement), there are 2 bedrooms (one for the guests, one for me. Nobody sleep in the living room as in the past)  There is a window in the bedroom. 	You will be charmed by the courtyard of the building, a paradis in the center of Paris !! Then, you will discover a nice and quiet bedroom in my cosy duplex.  Perfect location in a parisian area. PLEASE, leave me message before sending your booking. A ENSURED & QUICK RESPONSE :-) 55m². Loft located in the historic Faubourg Saint Denis Street.  The apartment has been renovated 4 years ago and in june 2014 too.  The main space is a 24m² livingroom/dining room and kitchen (ground floor), and at the other floor (basement), there are 2 bedrooms (one for the guests, one for me. Nobody sleep in the living room as in the past)  There is a window in the bedroom.  I rent out my flat while i'll still be in.  A private bedroom is available for the guests, with a big dressing. We share the kitchen, living room and bathroom. I have my bedroom too (New at end of June 2014). The new pictures of the bedroom are coming soon !! You can use everything in the kitchen, a part of the dressing, le livingroom,
8536	Appartement dans immeuble ancien 4 ème étage sans ascenceur. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant .	Quartier populaire et vivant. Deux pièces au pied du canal St Martin sur cour intérieure, cuisine américaine, salle de bain refait à neuf, 3 couchages. Facilité et proximité des transports. Appartement dans immeuble ancien 4 ème étage sans ascenceur. Idéal pour un couple avec un enfant . Accès wifi et télé. machine à laver le linge. Je remettrais les clefs et serais joignable par mobile ou mail ou whatsap. Linge de maison fournis drap et serviettes de toilettes. Petit déjeuner basique. Quartier vivant et populaire: Agréable et romantique canal st Martin, commerçants et bars, à deux pas des parcs des Buttes Chaumont et de La Villette. Espace culturels et cinéma tout proche. Espace piétonnier le wd. Proximité métros Louis Blanc, Colonel Fabien, Jaurès, Gare de L'Est et Gare du Nord. Nombreux bus.
8537	There's two rooms : one confortable bedroom with a double bed and a desk , dressing, and one living-room with a kitchen with all the necessary equipment. Sliding door between the 2 rooms. Electric shutters. Bathroom with shower, toilets. The apartment is on the 4th and last floor, without elevator.	Nice and bright, a cosy 2 rooms flat, close to the famous Canal St Martin. Many shops, restaurant, bar, theaters
8538		Entre Gare de l'est et Canal Saint martin, appartement 2 pièces lumineux de 45m2 comprenant un pièce à vivre avec un canapé lit, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire et une chambre. Proche métro et tout commerces.
8539	The apartment was entirely renovated in 2014. There is a large entry and hallway with closet space, a double living room with a double bed, couch, dining table and chairs, a fully equipped kitchen (dish-washing machine, small breakfast table, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, dishes, iron and ironing table), bathroom with shower (hair dryer). The toilet is separate. Sheets and towels are furnished. 	Authentic spacious flat in a historic building two minutes from the Gare du Nord.  A quiet and sunny 581 square feet space (54m2) on the second floor with an elevator. Fully secure:  outside door with code plus 2 additional secure doors (interphone) The apartment was entirely renovated in 2014. There is a large entry and hallway with closet space, a double living room with a double bed, couch, dining table and chairs, a fully equipped kitchen (dish-washing machine, small breakfast table, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, dishes, iron and ironing table), bathroom with shower (hair dryer). The toilet is separate. Sheets and towels are furnished.  -You will be met with a welcome pack - Apartment visit by an English/French/Italian speaking host The area is lively and very well connected to the rest of the city. Montmartre and Pigalle are only a fifteen minute walk away. The historic covered market nearby, Saint-Quentin, dates from 1866 and is open from Tuesday through Sunday.  RER B to Roissy
8540	Très bien situé au centre de Paris. Calme, spacieux et lumineux. 	Appartement de 60m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Idéal pour une bande copains en goguette ou un couple avec enfants . Plutôt calme, très central et bien équipé. Réservation au mois en juillet et août .  Très bien situé au centre de Paris. Calme, spacieux et lumineux. Accès à tout car nous sommes généralement en vadrouille! En weekend la plupart du temps, nous pouvons néanmoins conseiller les voyageurs à distance via un système de carnet où l'on propose les bons plans du quartier et de Paris. A la fois populaire et branché, on y trouve de tout. Quelques très bonnes adresses ou simplement aller se poser pour un pique nique au parc ou sur le canal! Tous les transports sont à portée de pied (moins de 5 min) Métro Gare de l'Est: lignes 4, 5, 7  Bus Gare de l'est: Trop nombreux !!! RER:  E à Magenta, A et B a Gare du Nord. Un ascenseur  permet d'accéder à l'étage si besoin mais il y a quelques marches à l'entrée de l'immeuble. Pas de parking par contre! Nous cherchons à louer au mois pour juille
8541	I'm an art director living in this LOFT duplex flat with separated WC & Shower and access to the rooftop! I'll repeat. It's a LOFT with separate levels but no separate rooms : ) The living room is 30 metres square, the top part about 20 metres , kitchen is in the living room is fully equipped, plaques, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, juicer, mixer...) SHORT STAYS: At the moment I'm sleeping on the sofa and I can accomodate a double futton for you on the living room. For longer stays there is a different advert where I rent the shared room upstairs. WHOLE APARTMENT: to reserve the whole apartment go to my other advert please. It's in my profile ; ) The area is Goncourt-Republique! Next to cheap markets, flea markets,( butcheries 5 min away, bakery, 7 supermarkets around the apartment( LIDL is the cheapest one), a place to make photograps, really nice bars( zelda), all banks ( western union at the corner), chineses stores, pharmacies, hospital, dry cleaner, a public swimmingpool and th	Placed on one of the best spots in Paris, next to the Canals and Bohemian scene. This is a SHARED-ROOM basis artistic duplex LOFT with access to the rooftop. Come get a bit of the real Parisian vibe! Great to meet people as other Airbnb guests! I'm an art director living in this LOFT duplex flat with separated WC & Shower and access to the rooftop! I'll repeat. It's a LOFT with separate levels but no separate rooms : ) The living room is 30 metres square, the top part about 20 metres , kitchen is in the living room is fully equipped, plaques, fridge, freezer, kettle, toaster, juicer, mixer...) SHORT STAYS: At the moment I'm sleeping on the sofa and I can accomodate a double futton for you on the living room. For longer stays there is a different advert where I rent the shared room upstairs. WHOLE APARTMENT: to reserve the whole apartment go to my other advert please. It's in my profile ; ) The area is Goncourt-Republique! Next to cheap markets, flea markets,( butcheries 5 min away, bak
8542	The Rue Martel is a calm street located in a boilling neighbourhood.	The Rue Martel is a calm street located in a boilling neighbourhood. I can give you tips about Paris and the neighbourhood The Neighborhood is cosmopolitan, safe with a few hipsters. You can walk from Gare du Nord (10mn), the nearest Tube station is Chateau d'Eau (line 4), you also can use Strasbourg St Denis and Bonnes Nouvelles (Line 8 & 9) they are 8 mn walking.
8543	L'emplacement de cet appartement permet d'aller se balader très facilement à pieds mais aussi avec tous les transports en commun à deux pas . De visiter très facilement Paris même avec peu de jours sur place	Petit Studio plein centre de Paris au premier étage. Pièce principale avec cuisinette et salle d'eau séparée avec douche et WC , une très grande fenêtre permet de laisser entrer toute la lumière . Proche de lieux typiques tels que sacré cœur , Opéra de Paris, Folies bergères. Dans un immeuble classé typiquement parisien du 18 ème siècle avec statues en bronze. Vue sur grande cour pavée   Très calme et sécurisé . L'emplacement de cet appartement permet d'aller se balader très facilement à pieds mais aussi avec tous les transports en commun à deux pas . De visiter très facilement Paris même avec peu de jours sur place L'appartement est au premier étage sur une immense cour très calme et lumineuse L'accès se fait par des digicodes ce qui sécurise le lieu Je serais disponible à chaque instant car je demeure moi même à Paris et avant leur arrivée je donnerais mon numéro de téléphone personnel pour répondre à tous besoins De plus pour les arrivées et départs décalés j'ai la solution donc auc
8544	"Appartement calme qui donne sur une cour intérieure à l'intérieur d'une résidence. Quartier ""Hipster"" ..... It's a nice and quiet apartment which a view of an inner courtyard.  ""Hipster's neighbourhood"" "	"It's a charming studio.  I live alone in the 10th neighborhood, north-east part of Paris but 25 minutes/walk from the center (City Hall, Halles, Marais). I have no pets and I don't smoke. I have two bed : a mezzanine and a convertible.     Appartement calme qui donne sur une cour intérieure à l'intérieur d'une résidence. Quartier ""Hipster"" ..... It's a nice and quiet apartment which a view of an inner courtyard.  ""Hipster's neighbourhood""  Tout l'appartement.  Possibilité de se faire du café/thé en fonction de ce que je mettrai à disposition des voyageurs.  ..... The flat (living-room, kitchen, bathroom).  There's a possibility to make some coffee or tea based on what i have.  Je ne serai pas présent dans l'appartement pendant le séjour des voyageurs.   ..... I will not at home during your stay.  Quartier calme mais néanmoins dynamique à deux pas du Canal st Martin (boutiques vintages, restaurants, Cafés/Pubs...). Ambiance « village » inédite dans une ville comme Paris. Pour les noctam"
8545	I worked for the City of Paris for several years and love the city, its unique secrets and romantic places. My bookshelves are full of little stories - and art : I collect works (paintings, drawings, photography, sculptures). 	Welcome in Belleville! In a lively area, nice spots (cafés, clubs, shops, parks, views...), very homy, quiet and bright apt, 1 bedroom, 1 living room + kitchen + bathroom (bathtub)  Metro 100m away : Centre Pompidou 5mn, Hôtel de Ville/Notre Dame 7mn I worked for the City of Paris for several years and love the city, its unique secrets and romantic places. My bookshelves are full of little stories - and art : I collect works (paintings, drawings, photography, sculptures).  Of course, guides, books, but also WiFi, a large screen connected to the internet and to Spotify, Popcorn Time, MUBI... A bathtub where to relax. A vinyl player and my collection of records... The neighborhood is lively (fruit + veggie market every tuesday and friday along the boulevard), with its many Chinese cantinas and supermarkets, its Tunisian restaurants, its art galleries, noisy cafes where you can see concerts until 2 AM and clubs where you would dance till dawn. But the appartment is a quiet nest :) MY FAVO
8546	This beautiful 35m² (377 square feet) flat is fully furnished and newly renovated. You'll be at the 9th floor, with an elevator, and you'll be enjoying an amazing view on Paris and the Sacré-coeur.  Its location and its lack of vis-à-vis allows it to be consistently sunny and not noisy. And its 10 m² (108 square feet) terrace is the perfect spot to have romantic diner at night or just sunbathe after a long day visiting Paris. Located a few minutes away from Canal St Martin and very close to Montmartre, you'll be in a very nice area full of delightful restaurants and trendy bars. Close to the flat, you'll find lots of supermarkets, organic stores, very good bakeries and delicious cheese shop. I hope you'll enjoy this flat as much as I do! I'll be happy to help if you some questions or just by giving you some parisian tips! (I have made a special guide book with my favorite addresses - shops, restaurants and bars - for my guests so feel free to ask it!) I really hope to welcome you soon!	A lovely Parisian flat with a great balcony to enjoy one of the most romantic view on Montmartre.  Ideal for 2people & perfectly located on the hype area of Canal St Martin, it will be perfect to discover Paris & relax after with a sauna and a pool! This beautiful 35m² (377 square feet) flat is fully furnished and newly renovated. You'll be at the 9th floor, with an elevator, and you'll be enjoying an amazing view on Paris and the Sacré-coeur.  Its location and its lack of vis-à-vis allows it to be consistently sunny and not noisy. And its 10 m² (108 square feet) terrace is the perfect spot to have romantic diner at night or just sunbathe after a long day visiting Paris. Located a few minutes away from Canal St Martin and very close to Montmartre, you'll be in a very nice area full of delightful restaurants and trendy bars. Close to the flat, you'll find lots of supermarkets, organic stores, very good bakeries and delicious cheese shop. I hope you'll enjoy this flat as much as I do! I'
8547	Just renovated charming 1 br /4 people Apart Bourgeois building and street Very calm,  Windows on courtiers Everything is new , furniture and appliances ( combined microwave, extractor, induction plate),  Bobo casually hip  neighborhood  close to the st Martin canal where you can have romantic picnics and boat tour , full of little restaurants, bars, nice shopping One separate room for 2 One    For too Tiny bathroom but nicely renovated 	Studio de 27m2 fraichement rénové  Il dispose d'une chambre avec un vrai lit, d'un salon avec un canapé lit , cuisine et sdb. Just renovated charming 1 br /4 people Apart Bourgeois building and street Very calm,  Windows on courtiers Everything is new , furniture and appliances ( combined microwave, extractor, induction plate),  Bobo casually hip  neighborhood  close to the st Martin canal where you can have romantic picnics and boat tour , full of little restaurants, bars, nice shopping One separate room for 2 One    For too Tiny bathroom but nicely renovated Metro république/ Jacques Bonsergent / Goncourt  Bus 75/ 46
8548	Appartement dans immeuble traditionnel Parisien fin du 19ème. Rue calme Appartement confortable et lumineux refait à neuf en 2015 par les architectes propriétaires.  L'appartement est situé au 1er étage. Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur.  Literie neuve 	Proche du canal Saint-Martin, au sein d'un quartier très vivant, cosmopolite et central, ce charmant 3 pièces entièrement rénové par un couple d'architectes est l'endroit idéal pour séjourner à Paris, seul, en couple, en famille ou entre amis. Appartement dans immeuble traditionnel Parisien fin du 19ème. Rue calme Appartement confortable et lumineux refait à neuf en 2015 par les architectes propriétaires.  L'appartement est situé au 1er étage. Il n'y a pas d'ascenseur.  Literie neuve Nous vous accueillons en Français, Anglais (famille anglophone), Néerlandais (langue maternelle) ou Espagnol (nous avons vécu à Madrid !) Draps et serviettes fournis. Votre lit est prêt à votre arrivée. Cuisine entièrement équipée (cafetière, grille pain, etc) Sur demande : lit bébé ou d'enfant (- de 5 ans), matelas à langer, baignoire pour bébé Nous sommes amoureux de Paris où nous vivons depuis toujours et ferons tout pour vous faciliter votre séjour et vous guider en fonction de vos centres d'intérêt Le
8549	Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 80m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports.	Grand appartement très lumineux et chaleureux de 80m2 en plein cœur de Paris.  Lovely 80sq apartment in the center of Paris Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 80m2 en plein coeur de Paris. Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports. L'appartement comprend un  grand salon, une TV écran plat, un ordinateur Imac , une connection Internet haut débit, une cuisine toute équipée, une salle de bain avec baignoire ainsi que des WC séparés.  Dans un quartier très animé vous trouverez tout ce qu’il vous faut (Restaurants, marchés, boulangeries, bars, magasins, etc.) Montmartre (Basilique Sacré Cœur), le Canal Saint-Martin, la place de la République et quartier Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) sont deux pas.  A 10 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards (Musées théâtres et brasseries). Tous les monuments touristiques parisiens sont situés à moins de 30 minutes.  Gare de l'est (Metro 4,5,7) est à  2 minutes à pied, Gare du Nord (Eurostar, RER B et D, métro 2/4/5) à 5 minutes. Nombreux bus
8550		Nice private room in a large and comfy apartment in a lively neighbourhood in Paris' center. It includes kitchen, bathroom, dining room and above all a spacious balcony with a panoramic view on Hausmannien Paris. Really close to many metro stations 
8551		Hello there! Come and enjoy the Paris way of life in the center of Paris next to République !! The surroundings are awesome, great neighborhood, plus you get to oversee the canal St Martin! I am going away for two weeks so long stay is possible! Bathrooms, kitchen, living room, internet, washing machine, Make yourself at home! I will be away for two weeks but my mates will be there to explain everything!
8552	A bright, calm and airy two room flat (32 m2) to rent, with lots of natural light (three double windows with a balcony) and plenty of charm. The flat is fully, but simply equipped and includes a bedroom (with comfortable double bed), lounge (sofa bed), separate kitchen and a bathroom with a WC and shower.  No elevator !	A bright, calm and airy two room flat (32 m2) to rent, with lots of natural light (three double windows with a balcony) and plenty of charm. The flat is fully and simply equipped.  Just near the Gare de l'Est (2 minutes by walk) and Gare du Nord. A bright, calm and airy two room flat (32 m2) to rent, with lots of natural light (three double windows with a balcony) and plenty of charm. The flat is fully, but simply equipped and includes a bedroom (with comfortable double bed), lounge (sofa bed), separate kitchen and a bathroom with a WC and shower.  No elevator ! Acess to all over the flat. By mail or by phone if necessary. Pleasant neighbourhood with a variety of shops (large and small, grocery stores and a new shopping centre at Gare de l'Est) and nearby bars and restaurants ... something for every taste! 3 minutes walk from the Canal Saint Martin. 15 minutes walk from the Buttes Chaumont park and the cinema. 20 minutes walk from the Parc La Villette. The flat is located 3 minutes wal
8553	Pour 3 personnes maximum, vous apprécierez le confort de cet incroyable studio.  The apartment is fully equiped , you ll have a kitchen. The supermarket is just 30seconds walking. 	Charming apartment  in the most cosmopolitan neighborhood of Paris supermarket and restaurants .  WIFI and TOWELS & SHEETS, shampoo,  provided Charmant 2 pièces près des transports (3 minutes du métro).  WIFI, serviettes et draps fournis !  Pour 3 personnes maximum, vous apprécierez le confort de cet incroyable studio.  The apartment is fully equiped , you ll have a kitchen. The supermarket is just 30seconds walking.  Very close you'll find:  Père Lachaise (5 min line 2)  Rue Oberkampf (4 min line 2), a street famous for its bars night clubs and restaurants .  Le Marais (5 min line 11)  République (3 min line 11)  Centre pompidou (6 min line 11)  Chatelet (8 min line 11) Feel free to contact me We'll be pleased to see you there :) The neighborhood is very friendly. Everything is very accessible: shops, trendy bars, restaurants.  A minute from the nice Parc de Belleville and 10 minutes from the amazing parc des Buttes Chaumont. Or the Canal St. Martin (10 minute walk), where you will fi
8554	Appartement de charme, 85 m2, dans le 10ème. Comprend 2 chambres, un double séjour, une cuisine, une salle de bain, un wc. Parquets, moulures, cheminée dans chaque pièce. Etat impeccable. Loue une chambre (d'environ 20m2) avec un lit 2 places, accès au double séjour, à la salle de bain et cuisine (possibilité d'utiliser le frigo et de se préparer le petit déjeuner sur place). L'immeuble est très bien entretenu. Quartier très animé, près d'une rue très commerçante (rue du Fbg St Denis). Très central en termes de transports en commun : ligne 4 (Château d'eau) en bas de l'immeuble; lignes 8 et 9 à 5 mn à peine (Strasbourg St Denis) et lignes 7 et 5 à à peine 5 mn également (Gare de l'Est)  Charming four-room flat, 85m2, in the 10th arrondissement of Paris; floorboards, mouldings and a mantelpiece in each room, in excellent condition To be rented out: one bedroom of about 20m2, with a double bed; free access to the double sitting- room, the bathroom and the kitchen( use of fridge and cooki	Appartement de charme, 85 m2, dans le 10ème. Parquets, moulures, cheminée. Etat impeccable. Appartement de charme, 85 m2, dans le 10ème. Comprend 2 chambres, un double séjour, une cuisine, une salle de bain, un wc. Parquets, moulures, cheminée dans chaque pièce. Etat impeccable. Loue une chambre (d'environ 20m2) avec un lit 2 places, accès au double séjour, à la salle de bain et cuisine (possibilité d'utiliser le frigo et de se préparer le petit déjeuner sur place). L'immeuble est très bien entretenu. Quartier très animé, près d'une rue très commerçante (rue du Fbg St Denis). Très central en termes de transports en commun : ligne 4 (Château d'eau) en bas de l'immeuble; lignes 8 et 9 à 5 mn à peine (Strasbourg St Denis) et lignes 7 et 5 à à peine 5 mn également (Gare de l'Est)  Charming four-room flat, 85m2, in the 10th arrondissement of Paris; floorboards, mouldings and a mantelpiece in each room, in excellent condition To be rented out: one bedroom of about 20m2, with a double bed; fr
8555		Charming two Bedroom with wooden floor,  Open kitchen on cute living room, very calm and sunny all day long! 4th floor with view on a lovely inside courth yard
8556		Large appartment 120m2 with one parent bedroom, 2 childrens bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 dining room and 1 living room. We are in the heart of indians shops and restaurant very close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est with easy access to all Paris touristic place
8557	Vous disposez d'un grand jardin en plein centre de Paris. Cet appartement peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes.	Vous disposez d'un grand jardin en plein centre de Paris. Cet appartement peut accueillir 1 ou 2 personnes. Vous serez indépendant dans votre logement qui vous est entièrement réservé - il ne s'agit pas d'une co-location. Nous restons disponibles si vous avez besoin tout au long de votre location. L'appartement est situé à 2 pas des Grands Magasins et de Drouot.  Plusieurs lignes de métro permettent de se rendre à l'appartement. Il est très facile de louer une place de parking dans l'immeuble. 
8558		Grande chambre meublée au cœur de Paris dans un grand appartement tout équipé (internet, lave linge,..). Quartier agréable avec de nombreux bars et restaurants. Venez poser vos valises le temps d'un week end, d'une semaine ou plus! Bonne découverte! Vous aurez accès à toutes les parties de l'appartement (hormis une des chambres). La cuisine et la salle de bain ou encore le salon vous sont bien entendu accessible! Nous pouvons vous guider si vous souhaitez des informations sur l'accès, les déplacements, les visites ou encore les endroits sympas où se restaurer dans le quartier! N'hésitez pas à poser toutes vos questions! Métro Gare de l'Est (ligne 5 / 7 / 4) ou Gare du Nord ou Château d'eau. 20 minutes à pied de Châtelet.
8559		On the 3rd floor, lovely flat near Le Canal Saint Martin with all the features for a good stay. Few steps away from the subway station Château-Landon, all the facilities are nearby and I will be happy to advice the nice places to go ! Easy to reach - subway and bus stations nearby I'd be happy to share my favorite places to go to enjoy a real parisian journey Near Le Canal Saint Martin, surrounded by some of the nicest bars and restaurants of Paris. Quiet area during the day to enjoy a nice walk - bustling at night to hang out !
8560	The flat is on the second floor. Windows offer luminous living room and bedroom. In the Bed room: 1 double-bed with clean bedsheet. In the bathroom: bath, WC and sink.  Kitchen fully equipped, and living room with 1 sofa and a small bar . WIFI Internet connexion is provided. Other amenities include: a fully equipped kitchen, flat screen tv, speakers and radio, washing machine. You can contact me on my cel phone or by email if you have any questions. Surrounded: From the apartment you can easily reach the canal Saint Martin, the old Jewish quarter (Marais), Bastille, the Town Council (Hotel de Ville), Pigalle, Saint Michel, Centre Pompidou and Les Halles and of course the Grands boulevards for shopping and partying. Access Info:  Surrounded by subway station and train station:  2 min from Gare de l'Est ( Line 4, Line 7, Line 5)  5 minutes from the canal 5 min from Republique ( Line 3, Line 9, Line 5 , Line 8)  5 min from Gare du Nord 	We are Vianney and Oriane. It's the first time we propose our flat on air b'n'b. We hope that you'll enjoy your stay.  It's a charming parisian flat located close to the famous “Grands Boulevards”. Perfect for a couple who would visit Paris. The flat is on the second floor. Windows offer luminous living room and bedroom. In the Bed room: 1 double-bed with clean bedsheet. In the bathroom: bath, WC and sink.  Kitchen fully equipped, and living room with 1 sofa and a small bar . WIFI Internet connexion is provided. Other amenities include: a fully equipped kitchen, flat screen tv, speakers and radio, washing machine. You can contact me on my cel phone or by email if you have any questions. Surrounded: From the apartment you can easily reach the canal Saint Martin, the old Jewish quarter (Marais), Bastille, the Town Council (Hotel de Ville), Pigalle, Saint Michel, Centre Pompidou and Les Halles and of course the Grands boulevards for shopping and partying. Access Info:  Surrounded by subwa
8561	NOUVEAU LIT !!  Studio avec un canapé lit (BZ), une petite table, une télé, internet.  Un vrai petit cocon, idéal pour un couple d'amoureux. Ou pour 2 copines. La cuisine est à part, équipée de 2 plaques, un micro ondes, un four et biensur toute la vaisselle nécessaire pour se concocter plein de bons petits plats. Il y a même plein de petits livres de (website hidden), la salle de bain est aussi à part, équipée d'un lavabo, de toilettes et d'une douche, avec serviettes à dispo.  Bien que l'espace ne soit pas très grand on s'y sent vraiment bien et au chaud ;)  Pour ce qui est du quartier : très sympa, vivant. Il y a beaucoup de restaurants en bas de l'immeuble dont American Kitchen : (website hidden), Le Cambodge : très côté à Paris et dans le guide du routard. (website hidden) pour un brunch vous avez : La Chambre aux Oiseaux.(website hidden)  Vous allez adorer j'en suis certaine. La canal saint martin est bordé de plein de petits bars et restaurant sympas.	Quartier du Canal Saint Martin très agréable Accès à de nombreuses lignes de métro  Proche de restaurants très agréable NOUVEAU LIT !!  Studio avec un canapé lit (BZ), une petite table, une télé, internet.  Un vrai petit cocon, idéal pour un couple d'amoureux. Ou pour 2 copines. La cuisine est à part, équipée de 2 plaques, un micro ondes, un four et biensur toute la vaisselle nécessaire pour se concocter plein de bons petits plats. Il y a même plein de petits livres de (website hidden), la salle de bain est aussi à part, équipée d'un lavabo, de toilettes et d'une douche, avec serviettes à dispo.  Bien que l'espace ne soit pas très grand on s'y sent vraiment bien et au chaud ;)  Pour ce qui est du quartier : très sympa, vivant. Il y a beaucoup de restaurants en bas de l'immeuble dont American Kitchen : (website hidden), Le Cambodge : très côté à Paris et dans le guide du routard. (website hidden) pour un brunch vous avez : La Chambre aux Oiseaux.(website hidden)  Vous allez adorer j'en 
8562	This is a lovely, bright, and typically parisian 60 m2 apartment !  It has wooden floors, wall decorations and high windows. 2nd floor. One side of the views is showing the Sacré-Cœur in the kitchen and dining room. The place is charming and recently renovated, all appliances work, as well as the internet wifi connection. Master bedroom with king size bed (180cm) and home cinema!  Located between Gare du Nord and Montmartre, subway-buses-bikes are very close and the neighborhood is lively. A bed for baby and mattress for kid is available during your stay, as well as a baby high chair. Please ask! One room is kept private but the 60m2 size doesn't include it, it is originally a 70m2 apartment. Please ask us more to know what it already has to offer. See you soon!	Charming and cosy parisian apartment with beautiful view on Montmartre and Sacré-Cœur. Very close to Gare du nord, easy to come and go everywhere. This is a lovely, bright, and typically parisian 60 m2 apartment !  It has wooden floors, wall decorations and high windows. 2nd floor. One side of the views is showing the Sacré-Cœur in the kitchen and dining room. The place is charming and recently renovated, all appliances work, as well as the internet wifi connection. Master bedroom with king size bed (180cm) and home cinema!  Located between Gare du Nord and Montmartre, subway-buses-bikes are very close and the neighborhood is lively. A bed for baby and mattress for kid is available during your stay, as well as a baby high chair. Please ask! One room is kept private but the 60m2 size doesn't include it, it is originally a 70m2 apartment. Please ask us more to know what it already has to offer. See you soon! Gare du Nord station is perfectly served with buses, subway and trains for subur
8563	Located in a lively and colourful neighbourhood, this apartment on the 3rd floor features 2 rooms with large windows opening on a private courtyard.  Amenities include: -open kitchen with sink, electric oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, electric kettle, toaster, pots and pans, cooking supplies -bathroom with sink, bathtub, toilet, hairdryer -dining table, seats 4 -double-bed (140x200cm) -free high-speed Internet connection and free phone calls to Europe and the US Connexion WIFI : Bbox-A7AFB76-5 Code WPA : dc63f5978ec68354cba005a06b5d40 Sheets and towels are provided. -price per night: 90 euros, 500 per week  For more, to be negociated.	"Located in a lively and colourful neighbourhood, this apartment on the 3rd floor features 2 rooms with large windows opening on a private courtyard.  Located in a lively and colourful neighbourhood, this apartment on the 3rd floor features 2 rooms with large windows opening on a private courtyard.  Amenities include: -open kitchen with sink, electric oven, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, electric kettle, toaster, pots and pans, cooking supplies -bathroom with sink, bathtub, toilet, hairdryer -dining table, seats 4 -double-bed (140x200cm) -free high-speed Internet connection and free phone calls to Europe and the US Connexion WIFI : Bbox-A7AFB76-5 Code WPA : dc63f5978ec68354cba005a06b5d40 Sheets and towels are provided. -price per night: 90 euros, 500 per week  For more, to be negociated. I live very close to Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est (about 10 minutes walk each). If you come from Gare du Nord, take the exit ""rue de l'Aqueduc"" (gare Magenta), cross a bridge over the"
8564	My flat is located in the area Belleville / Goncourt / Républic (10 mn (direct metro line) from Paris’s heart – Le Marais, Chatelet, Hotel de Ville, etc..)  and 5 mn (direct line) from the garden “les buttes Chaumont”. Metro Belleville, line 11 and 2.  It is an apartment of 37 m2 situated on the second floor giving into a court. The apartment is very quiet. The apartment  is suitable for one person or a couple.  includes a living room with TV, Internet and  stereo, the kitchen “avec un coin sale-à-manger”, micro-wave, “de plaques à induction”, dishwasher, fridge, Feel free to cook if you wish and store your provisions in the fridge.  A separate bedroom and a spacious, modern and original  bathroom with walk-in shower, a washing-machine, Towels are available.  All your questions are welcomed. Looking forward to meet you.  	My flat is located in the area Belleville / Goncourt / Républic (10 mn (direct metro line) from Paris’s heart – Le Marais, Chatelet, Hotel de Ville, etc..)  and 5 mn (direct line) from the garden “les buttes Chaumont”. Metro Belleville, line 11 and 2.  It is an apartment of 37 m2 situated on the second floor giving into a court. The apartment is very quiet. The apartment  is suitable for one person or a couple.  includes a living room with TV, Internet and  stereo, the kitchen “avec un coin sale-à-manger”, micro-wave, “de plaques à induction”, dishwasher, fridge, Feel free to cook if you wish and store your provisions in the fridge.  A separate bedroom and a spacious, modern and original  bathroom with walk-in shower, a washing-machine, Towels are available.  All your questions are welcomed. Looking forward to meet you.  
8565	Lovely two-room apartment nearby Canal Saint-Martin and about 322 square feet with a courtyard view. 1st room so cozy in a welcoming ambience :) The other room is a bedroom with a small originality, a kitchenette, but this does not take away the charm of the apartment! Little extra: - A folk guitar available for the budding musicians - A list of good restaurants & bars that worth and the must go zones in the neighborhood will be waiting for you	See below the description part ! Lovely two-room apartment nearby Canal Saint-Martin and about 322 square feet with a courtyard view. 1st room so cozy in a welcoming ambience :) The other room is a bedroom with a small originality, a kitchenette, but this does not take away the charm of the apartment! Little extra: - A folk guitar available for the budding musicians - A list of good restaurants & bars that worth and the must go zones in the neighborhood will be waiting for you Access to the entire flat and its amenities. The area is great: lively, artistic, surprising, shifted and trendy; so many adjectives that I could mentioned! You will find there the famous Canal Saint-Martin with the swing bridges and locks where you can walk around, stop for a minute or do your footing :) The area is plentiful of really good restaurants with local products, cozy coffee shops, many atypical bars and bistros, theaters and trendy boutiques. There are also outside markets 5 min walk from the apartmen
8566	Beautiful apartment, located exactly next to the historic 10th district city hall, full of character and extremely comfortable for up to 5 hosts. Very central, tons of public transportation nearby and within short walking distance from the Canal! Beautiful 2 bedroom apartment located in the heart of the 10th district in Paris. You will find everything that you need within walking distance: an amazing farmers market next door, 3 subway stations nearby that can take you to any destination within the city, and a direct bus to Notre Dame and St Michel litteraly at the door. Amenities include a king size memory foam bed in the master bedroom, a VERY comfortable queen size sofa bed in the living room, and a twin size loft bed in the kid's room. The kitchen is functional and fully equiped: Microwave, Oven, and multiple appliances. The laundry machine can be found in the bathroom. Amazingly fast Wifi is free and available. You will enjoy this neighborhood very much during your stay and have a 	Beautiful apartment, located exactly next to the historic 10th district city hall, full of character and extremely comfortable for up to 5 hosts. Very central, tons of public transportation nearby and within short walking distance from the Canal! Beautiful 2 bedroom apartment located in the heart of the 10th district in Paris. You will find everything that you need within walking distance: an amazing farmers market next door, 3 subway stations nearby that can take you to any destination within the city, and a direct bus to Notre Dame and St Michel litteraly at the door. Amenities include a king size memory foam bed in the master bedroom, a VERY comfortable queen size sofa bed in the living room, and a twin size loft bed in the kid's room. The kitchen is functional and fully equiped: Microwave, Oven, and multiple appliances. The laundry machine can be found in the bathroom. Amazingly fast Wifi is free and available. You will enjoy this neighborhood very much during your stay and have a 
8567	L'appartement est spacieux & confortable. Son grand couloir dessert une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bain, des wc séparés, deux chambres et un salon avec un grand canapé lit 2 places et 1 canapé lit 1 place (7 couchages max). The appartment includes a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom, separated toilets, two bedrooms with queen size beds and a living-room with two fold-down sofas (capacity to host 7 people)	"Close to Canal Saint Martin, you can discover various historic districts of Paris (Opera Garnier, Marais, Beaubourg etc). You can move easily by bicycle, by foot or still in subway. Ideal location to discover Paris in family or between friends. Close to Railstation ""Gare de l'Est"" Subway: Line 7,4,2,5"
8568	Our home is a multi-cultural and multi generation place. It is an old place that we remodel bit by bit. My grandma : Henriette, has lived here for the past 55 years. She grew up with a large family and loves having guests. I live here with her helper Jen. There is another helper named Karim who comes in the morning.	This is one of the largest bedrooms of our 5 bedroom apartment located very centrally in Paris Grands Boulevards area. High ceilings with classic molding, crystal chandeliers, 2 large windows and a very comfy bed, make this room a very unique place . Our home is a multi-cultural and multi generation place. It is an old place that we remodel bit by bit. My grandma : Henriette, has lived here for the past 55 years. She grew up with a large family and loves having guests. I live here with her helper Jen. There is another helper named Karim who comes in the morning. We will all share the bathroom, toilets, kitchen and living room. We have lived in Paris for a long time so we have a good knowledge of the city and are ready to share our secret places etc :) Grand Boulevards is a lively located between Republique and Opera. Rue du Faubourg St Denis features many bars and cool places for everyone. Our subway stop is Bonne Nouvelle on line 8 and 9. There is an entrance located right in front of
8569	Cosy et calme. Beaucoup de livres. Appartement dans une petite co-propriété familiale très calme	Cosy et calme. Beaucoup de livres. Appartement dans une petite co-propriété familiale très calme Tout l'appartement et ses équipements (sauf ordinateur) wifi Acceuil par nos soins ou par des amis de confiance Nous serons présents à l'arrivée et/ou au départ Contact par courriel et tél. portable Spots nombreux (street foods, restaurants et bars branchés) + commerce de détail et de proximité nombreux + supermarchés; Quartier bobo et multiculturel; New Morning; Grands boulevards et Place de la République à moins de 10mn à pieds ; quartier Montorgueil, Canal saint Martin et Opéra à moins de 20 mn. Proximité  4 stations de métro (5 lignes : 4, 5, 7, 8 et 9) et bus (38, 39, 47, etc.) Gares de l'Est et du Nord à moins de 15 mn à pieds
8570	A Three room appartment of 65m2. 2 bed rooms (1 double with 160 bed and 1 child room) A trendy and cosy living room with 3 windows, a fireplace and dining area. A convertible sofa for 2 people. 	Recently renovated by a designer. A charming, bright and romantic flat.  At the 5th floor with an elevator and view on Paris roofs. Very nice neighborhood, numerous trendy restaurants,and bars. The best way to visit paris. A Three room appartment of 65m2. 2 bed rooms (1 double with 160 bed and 1 child room) A trendy and cosy living room with 3 windows, a fireplace and dining area. A convertible sofa for 2 people. Check-in at 12:00 and checkout at 12:00 You will find it easy to go anywhere in Paris for a day trip, to the Marais, the Eiffel Tower, or Le Louvre Museum, Les Galeries Lafayette and Musée Grévin and then return with groceries and wine from the Rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, just a 5 minute walk where you can find well-known french food and wine shops for magnificents home cooked gastronomic dinners or breakfasts, or go out to a local bistro or theater The flat is located 5 minutes walking for 3 subway stations. Located in the center of the city the flat is very easy to reach fr
8571	Location: The apartment is located in the Marais, one of Paris' most exclusive, lively and artistic area. Surrounded by art galleries and showrooms, the neighborhood offers a great quality of life and a real Parisian experience, for both touristic and professional stays. Apartment description: This one-bedroom apartment is located in Rue Notre-Dame de Nazareth, on the fourth floor (no elevator but a wide stairwell) of a 19th century and very quiet building, which is secured by both digicode and intercom.  With a total surface of 56 m2 ( 602, 78 sq ft), the apartment, with its herringbone parquet flooring, its discrete moldings and its decorative fireplace, is full of character.  Hanging on the walls, all over the apartment, is a private collection of French young artists. The apartment is a former art gallery, which will make your stay quiet unique. The entrance (high security lock on front door) opens into a small hall. The bathroom is to the left, straight ahead is living-room, and o	Location: The apartment is located in the Marais, one of Paris' most exclusive, lively and artistic area. Surrounded by art galleries and showrooms, the neighborhood offers a great quality of life and a real Parisian experience, for both touristic and professional stays. Apartment description: This one-bedroom apartment is located in Rue Notre-Dame de Nazareth, on the fourth floor (no elevator but a wide stairwell) of a 19th century and very quiet building, which is secured by both digicode and intercom.  With a total surface of 56 m2 ( 602, 78 sq ft), the apartment, with its herringbone parquet flooring, its discrete moldings and its decorative fireplace, is full of character.  Hanging on the walls, all over the apartment, is a private collection of French young artists. The apartment is a former art gallery, which will make your stay quiet unique. The entrance (high security lock on front door) opens into a small hall. The bathroom is to the left, straight ahead is living-room, and o
8572	Ideal for 1 person or a couple.	The flat is bright, on the 4th floor with elevator, in a calm street. Bathroom and Kitchen are fully equiped. The bedroom has a double bed, a sofa, big window, a mirror and storage space. Bed sheets and towels available. Ideal for 1 person or a couple. You will have your private room as well as access to the kitchen and its equipment, the bathroom with bathtub and washing machine.... Bed sheets and towels available. You will live with my 2 housemates who will greet you, can give you advice and will be there for check out. The apartment is in the Indian area of Paris, don’t hesitate to try the good restaurants around ! Close to: -Montmartre: 2 metro stations to the funiculary, 3 stations to Pigalle (line 2) -Canal Saint Martin at a 10 minute walk -The buttes Chaumont Gardens at a 15 minute walk or direct bus 26 -Belleville at 4 metro stations (line 2) -Direct bus to the Eiffel tower in 30 minutes 42 Gare du nord (lines 4 & 5) Gare de l'est (lines 4, 5 & 7) La Chapelle (line 2) Bus (phon
8573		Ce charmant 2 pièces décoré avec soin saura vous charmer par son confort et sa localisation. Ici tout est doux, lumineux et confortable. L'appartement se trouve à proximité de la gare de l'Est et ses nombreux métros (lignes 4, 5, 7) en font un point de départ idéal... 
8574	"The penthouse is very large and spacious, occupying 70% of the top floor. It has large, modern French windows with views on the beautiful Canal. The flat has a large, fully-stocked kitchen as well as a bathroom with shower/bath-tub. The apartment is located on the third floor of a 19th-century (""Haussmannian"" - for those of you who know French architecture!) building. It sleeps 4 people, is fully furnished and has:  *Large living room/salon with lots of light coming in through the French windows and an amazing view of the Canal Saint-Martin! Amenities include: large couch/sofa bed, coffee table, flat-screen TV with international cable & DVD player (sleeps 1 person on sofa-bed)  *Master Bedroom with large, round (full-sized) bed, night stand table, large closet, set of drawers and stereo system (sleeps 2)  *Second, smaller bedroom with a single bed (sleeps 1)  *Large, fully-stocked kitchen with a large window facing the courtyard. Amenities include: breakfast table for 4 people, fridge,"	"Beautiful, spacious 70 m2 Haussmann/nouveau two-bedroom modern appartment, conveniently situated in the trendy 10th arrondissement near République and Canal Saint-Martin, the capital of Paris’s “Bobo” (“bourgeois-bohème”) scene. The apartment is perfectly located for site seeing by day and experiencing ""bona fide"" Parisian life by night The penthouse is very large and spacious, occupying 70% of the top floor. It has large, modern French windows with views on the beautiful Canal. The flat has a large, fully-stocked kitchen as well as a bathroom with shower/bath-tub. The apartment is located on the third floor of a 19th-century (""Haussmannian"" - for those of you who know French architecture!) building. It sleeps 4 people, is fully furnished and has:  *Large living room/salon with lots of light coming in through the French windows and an amazing view of the Canal Saint-Martin! Amenities include: large couch/sofa bed, coffee table, flat-screen TV with international cable & DVD player (slee"
8575	Notre 3 pièces, lumineux et chaleureux, vous offrira une expérience typiquement parisienne!  Il est composé d'un très grand salon de 35m2, décoré de façon unique! Chaque meuble a été chiné dans les brocantes du quartier ou ramené de nos voyages. Une grande cuisine, entièrement équipée, ouverte sur le salon, vous permettra si vous le souhaitez de cuisiner de délicieux petits plats à déguster sur notre grande table champêtre! Une grande chambre avec un lit double, spacieuse, confortable et très lumineuse. Une petite chambre d'enfant, avec tout le charme des meubles anciens et le confort d'un espace fraichement refait. Une grande salle de bain avec baignoire pour vous détendre après les longues heures de visite. Idéalement situé, à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, vous pourrez expérimenter le paris romantique ou vous offrir un petit footing matinal le long du Canal! En bas de l'appartement, vous trouverez aussi de nombreuses épiceries, bars et restaurant. Enfin, vous êtes à côté de nombreu	Notre 3 pièces, lumineux et chaleureux, vous offrira une expérience typiquement parisienne!  Il est composé d'un très grand salon de 35m2, décoré de façon unique! Chaque meuble a été chiné dans les brocantes du quartier ou ramené de nos voyages. Une grande cuisine, entièrement équipée, ouverte sur le salon, vous permettra si vous le souhaitez de cuisiner de délicieux petits plats à déguster sur notre grande table champêtre! Une grande chambre avec un lit double, spacieuse, confortable et très lumineuse. Une petite chambre d'enfant, avec tout le charme des meubles anciens et le confort d'un espace fraichement refait. Une grande salle de bain avec baignoire pour vous détendre après les longues heures de visite. Idéalement situé, à deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, vous pourrez expérimenter le paris romantique ou vous offrir un petit footing matinal le long du Canal! En bas de l'appartement, vous trouverez aussi de nombreuses épiceries, bars et restaurant. Enfin, vous êtes à côté de nombreu
8576	35 m2, bright, very quiet, in a colorful and lively neighborhood. The 6th floor. Can accommodate up to 3 people (a couple with a child or another adult). Includes a very comfortable double bed and possibility of a Japanese tatami in another room.	"Apartment - Rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, Paris, Île-de-France 75010, France 35 m2, bright, very quiet, in a colorful and lively neighborhood. The 6th floor. Can accommodate up to 3 people (a couple with a child or another adult). Includes a very comfortable double bed and possibility of a Japanese tatami in another room. Located in the tenth arrondissement, in the heart of a lively and very well served by public transport, between the ""Strasbourg Saint-Denis"" and ""Water Tower"" area stations. Our street is lined with bars and restaurants, and varied to suit all budgets. I will give you places to suit your tastes and your desires. There are also various shops: very good bakery, supermarket, Indian groceries, wine, cheese, greengrocers cheap, organic shop, bookstore, bazaar, etc..  This is an ideal base for touring around the marsh, the Louvre, Notre Dame, Beaubourg, Opera, the Grands Boulevards, Paris ... Pigalle is at your feet. Métro: Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 9, 8, 4), Water Tower"
8577	Calm, very sunny in evening with nice view of Sacre Coeur/Montmartre. Building is traditional Parisien haussmanien stone-build construction. Concierge continually present. Nice kitchen w/fridge, induction plates for cooking, microwave. Washing machine and shower in bathroom.	Charming apartment with true mezzanine, 45 m2, with double bed, fitted kitchen, 6th (top) floor with lift access. Sunny and calm, 2 french windows, flowered balconies, loads of restaurants nearby, near Canal St Martin and Gare du Nord (7mins by foot) Calm, very sunny in evening with nice view of Sacre Coeur/Montmartre. Building is traditional Parisien haussmanien stone-build construction. Concierge continually present. Nice kitchen w/fridge, induction plates for cooking, microwave. Washing machine and shower in bathroom. Easy access to Paris centre - less than 10 minutes by metro or bus. For those arriving by Eurostar, Thalys, TGV  or from Charles de Gaulle, airport we are just 7 minutes walk from Gare du Nord. Gare de l'Est is only 10 minutes walk away also.  Nearest metro is La Chapelle 2mins walk; Louis Blanc 7 mins. With my English husband Nicholas, we can give advice and tips on how to make the most of your stay in Paris (guides book and maps are for your use in the flat).  We can
8578	Our apartment of 120m2 has 3 bedrooms, one with a bed of 160cm, one with a 140cm bed and one with 2 beds of 90cm. The apartment also features a bathroom, a shower room and 2 toilets. It is fully equipped with appliances we use every day (oven, induction, microwave, hair dryer, washing machine, Internet...). You will also find books in French, DVDs, children's games and guides Paris. All rooms have double windows for a quiet sleep. In the Rue du Faubourg St Denis, you will find supermarkets, bars, restaurants and food shops. On the boulevard Magenta, there is a covered market. From basic food will be available; to renew if you finish it. Final cleaning, bed linen and bathroom linen are included in the price.	Our apartment is located next to the East and the North railway stations, it is very well served by buses, subways and trains. It is 20 minutes walk from Montmartre or the very center of Paris. It is very comfortable and well equipped. Our apartment of 120m2 has 3 bedrooms, one with a bed of 160cm, one with a 140cm bed and one with 2 beds of 90cm. The apartment also features a bathroom, a shower room and 2 toilets. It is fully equipped with appliances we use every day (oven, induction, microwave, hair dryer, washing machine, Internet...). You will also find books in French, DVDs, children's games and guides Paris. All rooms have double windows for a quiet sleep. In the Rue du Faubourg St Denis, you will find supermarkets, bars, restaurants and food shops. On the boulevard Magenta, there is a covered market. From basic food will be available; to renew if you finish it. Final cleaning, bed linen and bathroom linen are included in the price.
8579	Cet appartement familial est un havre de calme et de tranquillité dans le quartier très animé de Barbès. Composé de trois chambres, un salon, une grande entrée, salle de bain, WC et cuisine c'est un appartement typiquement parisien, plein de petits recoins inattendus.  	Cet appartement familial est un havre de calme et de tranquillité dans le quartier très animé de Barbès. Composé de trois chambres, un salon, une grande entrée, salle de bain, WC et cuisine c'est un appartement typiquement parisien, plein de petits recoins inattendus.  Les voyageurs ont accès à la chambre, au salon et la salle de bain (que nous partageons avec eux). Accès à la cuisine le matin pour le petit déjeuner. Parisiens depuis toujours nous sommes ravis d'accueillir des voyageurs et d'échanger avec eux. Nous serons présents dans le logement pendant le séjour de nos voyageurs et si l'emploi du temps nous le permet, très contents de boire un verre en leur compagnie pour leur donner les bonnes adresses du quartier. En tout cas, ils peuvent compter sur nous pour tout renseignement ou conseil sur leur séjour à Paris Entre la gare du Nord et Montmartre, quartier très mélangé et très animé à proximité de nombreux théâtres, cinémas, bars et restaurants. Toutes les cultures du monde dans
8580	"Our place is a 42 square meters apartment with all the necessary for a comfortable stay; all clean and furnished, it have a nice living-room, an all equipped american kitchen, a bedroom with a super-comfy double bed and a bathroom with towels to your disposition. The location is excellent, our apartment is situated in the first floor of a classical and beautiful parisian building (haussmannian architecture).  Our street is very calm but at the same time our neighborhood is full of life (day and night); we are  in the middle of the charming Canal St. Martin and Place de la République.  You can find a lot of restos, bars, coffes just around the corner, as well a nice variety of ""boulangeries"" (bakeries), fromageries, boutiques, supermarkets, etc.."	"Hello, we are Louise & Yves! We are renting our charming apartment when we go out of the city. We love our place and we want to share this feeling with other people :-) Our place is a nice 42 square m. Take a look for yourself! :) Our place is a 42 square meters apartment with all the necessary for a comfortable stay; all clean and furnished, it have a nice living-room, an all equipped american kitchen, a bedroom with a super-comfy double bed and a bathroom with towels to your disposition. The location is excellent, our apartment is situated in the first floor of a classical and beautiful parisian building (haussmannian architecture).  Our street is very calm but at the same time our neighborhood is full of life (day and night); we are  in the middle of the charming Canal St. Martin and Place de la République.  You can find a lot of restos, bars, coffes just around the corner, as well a nice variety of ""boulangeries"" (bakeries), fromageries, boutiques, supermarkets, etc.. You have acce"
8581	My studio flat is located in the 10th, near the canal Saint Martin, on the first floor. It is 25m2. It is bright and nice to live in. The kitchen is separated from the main room and is equipped. Bathroom has a bathtub and there is also a washing machine if needed. Main room has a double bed, diner table, desk, wardrobe, and has a large window facing the building garden, in which you can access. It is ideal for a couple visiting Paris. The area is really nice and quite central. You will be 3mn walk from canal Saint Martin where there is plenty of nice bars and restaurants and it is very pleasant to have a walk around. You will be 15mn walk from République and 5mn walk from 3 metro stations: Colonel Fabien (M°2)  Louis Blanc (M°7 and 7bis)  Jaurès (M°2, 5 and 7bis)  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about the flat or the area. I'd be happy to tell you more. 	My studio flat is located in the 10th, near the canal Saint Martin, on the first floor. It is 25m2. It is bright and nice to live in. The kitchen is separated from the main room and is equipped. Bathroom has a bathtub and there is also a washing machine if needed. Main room has a double bed, diner table, desk, wardrobe, and has a large window facing the building garden, in which you can access. It is ideal for a couple visiting Paris. The area is really nice and quite central. You will be 3mn walk from canal Saint Martin where there is plenty of nice bars and restaurants and it is very pleasant to have a walk around. You will be 15mn walk from République and 5mn walk from 3 metro stations: Colonel Fabien (M°2)  Louis Blanc (M°7 and 7bis)  Jaurès (M°2, 5 and 7bis)  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions about the flat or the area. I'd be happy to tell you more. 
8582	This apartment has the best of both worlds: it has been refurbished and outfitted with all modern comforts and amenities, but it has also preserved some of its history, such as the exposed beams in the ceilings and around some of the doorways. It is both contemporary and cozy! And it is relatively quiet, thanks to the double-paned glass windows. The living space is about 75 sq. meters, and consists of a large living room, 1 bedroom, a semi-open kitchen and a split bathroom with a shower. The living room sofa turns into a bed that sleeps two, and of course the bedroom sleeps 2. We also have an air mattress if you need an extra bed (which is still comfy for everyone, but you're starting to camp out at that point). The kitchen is ultra-modern, fully equipped, and very spacious, a joy to cook in. There is fiber-optic wifi, a decently sized TV with DVD player, and a washer-dryer all-in-one unit. There is also a Wii, a nice stereo system, Ipod dock, and a piano. All linens and towels are pro	A beautiful and comfortable place to stay in a great neighborhood located close to everything in central Paris! This apartment has the best of both worlds: it has been refurbished and outfitted with all modern comforts and amenities, but it has also preserved some of its history, such as the exposed beams in the ceilings and around some of the doorways. It is both contemporary and cozy! And it is relatively quiet, thanks to the double-paned glass windows. The living space is about 75 sq. meters, and consists of a large living room, 1 bedroom, a semi-open kitchen and a split bathroom with a shower. The living room sofa turns into a bed that sleeps two, and of course the bedroom sleeps 2. We also have an air mattress if you need an extra bed (which is still comfy for everyone, but you're starting to camp out at that point). The kitchen is ultra-modern, fully equipped, and very spacious, a joy to cook in. There is fiber-optic wifi, a decently sized TV with DVD player, and a washer-dryer a
8583	Recently renovated and decorated, this charming one bedroom and living room apartment is located at strategic point. This 30-square- metre apartment offers all the amenities needed for a person coming to study, a couple on holiday, or even someone wanting to enjoy the hustle and bustle of the city.  The entrance to the property is code-controlled on two doors, passing through a beautiful courtyard until you reach the stairs that provide access to the apartment situated on the third floor, with windows on both sides of the property which overlook the courtyards and rooftops of Paris.  In the living room you will find a sofa, cushions, books and cds, a sound system, lamps, dining table, and two enormous windows; a complete open kitchen, with modern induction hobs for cooking, oven, a nespresso coffee-maker, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine and dishwasher, and all necessary utensils, such as: pans, plates, cutlery, glasses and cups.  In the bathroom, which is small but charming, ther	Recently renovated and decorated, this charming one bedroom and living room apartment is located at strategic point. Recently renovated and decorated, this charming one bedroom and living room apartment is located at strategic point. This 30-square- metre apartment offers all the amenities needed for a person coming to study, a couple on holiday, or even someone wanting to enjoy the hustle and bustle of the city.  The entrance to the property is code-controlled on two doors, passing through a beautiful courtyard until you reach the stairs that provide access to the apartment situated on the third floor, with windows on both sides of the property which overlook the courtyards and rooftops of Paris.  In the living room you will find a sofa, cushions, books and cds, a sound system, lamps, dining table, and two enormous windows; a complete open kitchen, with modern induction hobs for cooking, oven, a nespresso coffee-maker, kettle, refrigerator, washing machine and dishwasher, and all nece
8584	Au dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien en fond de cour, cet appartement bénéficie d'un grand calme et de beaucoup de lumière.  Il permet de loger 1 couple + 2 personnes seules (ou 2 enfants) : -  une chambre séparée équipée d'un grand lit (160x200) - une pièce-bureau/salon  - une chambre d'enfant équipé d'un lit individuel (90x190). - une chambre d'enfant équipée d'un lit enfant (80x180). 	Situé dans le centre de Paris au cœur du 10e arrondissement, ce charmant quatre pièces de 82 m2 au 6em étage d'un immeuble ancien, est idéal pour découvrir un quartier populaire, vivant et tendance. Confortable et silencieux. Au dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien en fond de cour, cet appartement bénéficie d'un grand calme et de beaucoup de lumière.  Il permet de loger 1 couple + 2 personnes seules (ou 2 enfants) : -  une chambre séparée équipée d'un grand lit (160x200) - une pièce-bureau/salon  - une chambre d'enfant équipé d'un lit individuel (90x190). - une chambre d'enfant équipée d'un lit enfant (80x180). Les voyageurs auront à leur disposition un certain nombre de rangements pour leurs affaires personnelles. Ils pourront utiliser les machines à laver le linge, ainsi que le sèche linge situés dans la salle de bain.  La cuisine comporte tout le nécessaire pour préparer à manger : frigidaire, plaque électrique, lave–vaisselle, four à chaleur tournante et four à micro-ondes, bouilloir
8585	Very friendly and bright 45sqm apartment. Really central, you can go everywhere by walk.  There are two bedrooms so it can accommodate 4 people. The flat is on the 4th floor.  The neighborhood is really nice and lively! :) The household linen, pillows, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided.   Flat facilities: Wifi, Tv with many channels, DVD Player, washing machine, shower and bathtub (you will have the choice), dishwasher, microwave, cooker and big fridge. Around the apartment you will find many restaurants for all tastes, different bars and shops.  There are also more than 8 theaters in the district, some of them are less than 2 blocks away. You will really enjoy living in this area!  The flat is a few minutes walk from the metro stations Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4) and Grands Boulevards (line 8), it is also not far from the railway stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.  If you need any other piece of information, please be free to contact us!  See you soon,  Anne Sophie	Very friendly and bright 45sqm apartment. Really central, you can go everywhere by walk.  There are two bedrooms so it can accommodate 4 people. The flat is on the 4th floor.  The neighborhood is really nice and lively! :) The household linen, pillows, towels, shampoo and shower gel are provided.   Flat facilities: Wifi, Tv with many channels, DVD Player, washing machine, shower and bathtub (you will have the choice), dishwasher, microwave, cooker and big fridge. Around the apartment you will find many restaurants for all tastes, different bars and shops.  There are also more than 8 theaters in the district, some of them are less than 2 blocks away. You will really enjoy living in this area!  The flat is a few minutes walk from the metro stations Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4) and Grands Boulevards (line 8), it is also not far from the railway stations Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est.  If you need any other piece of information, please be free to contact us!  See you soon,  Anne Sophie
8586	This new apartment is a 1 bed room apartment, 410 ft² (38m²), 4th floor no elevator. in a charming and ancient building of 19th century. Very luminous with 3 windows overlooking a large, private, safe and quiet courtyard. Entrance, large kitchen completely equipped, living room with dining area, 1 bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom with a large shower italian style, separated restrooms, many closets, electric heating radiators,1 comfortable pull out sofa bed in the living room. Fully equipped apartment : Wifi internet, flat screen TV with international channels, kitchen with all equipments (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine), laundry machine, iron, iron table Extra fee of 30€ for additional sheets on request for the sofa bed A discount of -5% is applied for any stay of 1 week or more	Brand new and entire apartment remodeled with an architect in 2012. Modern, functionnal, peaceful and safe. Suitable for 3 persons. In a parisian, central and lively location. This new apartment is a 1 bed room apartment, 410 ft² (38m²), 4th floor no elevator. in a charming and ancient building of 19th century. Very luminous with 3 windows overlooking a large, private, safe and quiet courtyard. Entrance, large kitchen completely equipped, living room with dining area, 1 bedroom with queen size bed, bathroom with a large shower italian style, separated restrooms, many closets, electric heating radiators,1 comfortable pull out sofa bed in the living room. Fully equipped apartment : Wifi internet, flat screen TV with international channels, kitchen with all equipments (fridge, microwave, oven, stove, toaster, kettle, coffee machine), laundry machine, iron, iron table Extra fee of 30€ for additional sheets on request for the sofa bed A discount of -5% is applied for any stay of 1 week or m
8587	Mon appartement est très calme et très clair. Belleville est un des quartiers les plus représentatifs de Paris.	Bel appartement  de 60 m2 très clair et très calme, au 4ème étage sans ascenseur, situé au coeur de Belleville, entre le Canal Saint-Martin et les Buttes-Chaumont. Entièrement équipé, il offre 2 chambres doubles indépendantes. Mon appartement est très calme et très clair. Belleville est un des quartiers les plus représentatifs de Paris. Les voyageurs ont accès très facilement aux commerces. Le métro Belleville est à 100m. La proximité des Buttes-Chaumont et du Canal Saint-Martin. A signaler, également, de nombreux restaurants. Métro Belleville L'appartement est à 5mn de République, 10mn de Montmartre, 25mn des Champs-Élysées, 10mn du Marais et de Notre-Dame.
8588	A nice 40m2 appartment, with 2 rooms, a kitchen and a living room.  Really quiet and bright, the appartment is equipped with 2 double bed, and a kitchen entirely equipped where you will be able to prepare your meals. The apartment is ideally located between Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est with all connections ( Metro, Rer, Bus … ) which will allow you to reach in few minutes the Opera, Galerie Lafayette, Notre Dame de Paris, Montmartre …  The famous street «  Rue du Faubourg Saint Denis » offers many restaurants, pub, open markets ….  In the corner of the street, is there the livelly «  Marché Saint-Quentin », a typical parisian food market, open every day.  Gare du Nord : access to RER lines B, D, E and Metro lines 5, 4.  Gare de l’Est : access to Metro lines 5, 4, 7.	A nice quiet and bright room in a 40m2 apartment, well decorated. Ideally located between Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est with all connections ( Metro, RER, Bus... ). Located in a lively area close to the Canal Saint Martin and many touristic places. A nice 40m2 appartment, with 2 rooms, a kitchen and a living room.  Really quiet and bright, the appartment is equipped with 2 double bed, and a kitchen entirely equipped where you will be able to prepare your meals. The apartment is ideally located between Gare du Nord and Gare de l’Est with all connections ( Metro, Rer, Bus … ) which will allow you to reach in few minutes the Opera, Galerie Lafayette, Notre Dame de Paris, Montmartre …  The famous street «  Rue du Faubourg Saint Denis » offers many restaurants, pub, open markets ….  In the corner of the street, is there the livelly «  Marché Saint-Quentin », a typical parisian food market, open every day.  Gare du Nord : access to RER lines B, D, E and Metro lines 5, 4.  Gare de l’Est : ac
8589	落地窗, 空間採光充足 廚房採用電磁爐+烤箱, 冰箱, 茶與咖啡自由運用 免費無線wifi網路和筆電可以使用 附設120伏特的插座	    公寓位於巴黎第10區臨聖馬丁運河, 治安良好, 離地鐵7線Louis Blanc, 200公尺內; 離北站Gare du Nord, 500公尺內 周邊機能良好(50公尺): 有超市4間, 魚舖, 肉店, 有機店, 水果店3間, 藥局, 郵局, 警察局, 電影院等等 另外, 步行200公尺即可到聖馬丁運河散步, 周邊還有數間餐廳 地鐵直達拉法葉百貨及巴黎歌劇院          落地窗, 空間採光充足 廚房採用電磁爐+烤箱, 冰箱, 茶與咖啡自由運用 免費無線wifi網路和筆電可以使用 附設120伏特的插座 廚房採用電磁爐+烤箱 冰箱 茶與咖啡自由用運 免費無線wifi網路和筆記型電腦可以使用 附設120伏特的插座 公寓位於巴黎第10區臨聖馬丁運河, 治安良好, 離地鐵7線Louis Blanc, 200公尺內; 離北站Gare du Nord, 500公尺內 周邊機能良好(50公尺): 有超市4間, 魚舖, 肉店, 有機店, 水果店3間, 藥局, 郵局, 警察局, 電影院等等 另外, 步行200公尺即可到聖馬丁運河散步, 周邊還有數間餐廳 地鐵直達拉法葉百貨及巴黎歌劇院 公寓位於巴黎第10區臨聖馬丁運河, 治安良好, 離地鐵7線Louis Blanc, 200公尺內; 離北站Gare du Nord, 500公尺內 周邊機能良好(50公尺): 有超市4間, 魚舖, 肉店, 有機店, 水果店3間, 藥局, 郵局, 警察局, 電影院等等 另外, 步行200公尺即可到聖馬丁運河散步, 周邊還有數間餐廳 地鐵直達拉法葉百貨及巴黎歌劇院
8590	Sunny flat in the best neighborhood of Paris ! 1 min walking to Canal St Martin  1 min walking to the nearest metro station  The district if full of nice restaurants and bars. You'll have a great time around here :). The area is really safe, even during the night. Utilities : WIFI, FRIDGE, COFFEE MACHINE... If you have any questions feel free to contact me. à bientôt!	Cozy appartement of 300 sq ft located near Canal St Martin, ideal for couples ! Sunny flat in the best neighborhood of Paris ! 1 min walking to Canal St Martin  1 min walking to the nearest metro station  The district if full of nice restaurants and bars. You'll have a great time around here :). The area is really safe, even during the night. Utilities : WIFI, FRIDGE, COFFEE MACHINE... If you have any questions feel free to contact me. à bientôt! Free sheets and towels inside. Perfect neighborhood with a lot of restaurants, bars, shops. The flat is 2min walking from the Canal St Martin ! There are metro stations all around the flat that lead directly to the different parisian monuments
8591	"The apartment is a very discrete ""populaire"" alley. The courts have the tenants flowers, chairs and outside tables where everyone can enjoy the incredible calm (it's amazing how loud the city is once you get off the gates). The building is old, very old but the studio is well maintained with space optimized to the maximum. The windows of the  studio are facing a court and the opposite building.  The studio has a room and separate kitchennette and bathroom."	"A 14sqm studio for an improvized getaway in Paris.  Very suitable pied-a-terre for you if you're going to spend most of the time outside. The apartment is a very discrete ""populaire"" alley. The courts have the tenants flowers, chairs and outside tables where everyone can enjoy the incredible calm (it's amazing how loud the city is once you get off the gates). The building is old, very old but the studio is well maintained with space optimized to the maximum. The windows of the  studio are facing a court and the opposite building.  The studio has a room and separate kitchennette and bathroom. There is access to Free wi-fi.  Towels and sheets are provided. The TV can be used with an external hard drive for movies. My Xbox and a PS4 are also available for you to use.   You are welcome to use the freezer, microwave, plates, glasses, all the other basic things you normally use in a kitchen. The neighborhood is multicultural and calm, despite it's closeness to the busy streets of Belleville."
8592	"Warm, quiet and bright room in a familial apartment in the heart of Paris.  The apartment includes a living room with a TV flat screen, a computer Apple Macintosh, and an Internet connection/telephone, a full kitchen and a bathroom. The bed has freshly laundered linen on it and clean towel is provided. Located in the 5th floor of a typical parisian building, the room is particularly quiet and bright. The whole apartment is at the disposal of the traveler if he wishes to cook or just to enjoy the comfort of the living room. Ideally located for tourism, between Gare du Nord station (Eurostar, RER B & D, subway lines 2, 4 & 5) and the subway ""Poissonnière""(line 7), 5 minutes by foot from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), and about 10 minutes by foot from Grand Boulevards (Museums, Theaters and great restaurants). All the tourist attractions are located unless 30 minutes of the apartment. You will find near numerous shops, restaurants, bars and means of transportation."	"Warm, quiet and bright room in a familial apartment in the heart of Paris.  The apartment includes a living room with a TV flat screen, a computer Apple Macintosh, and an Internet connection/telephone, a full kitchen and a bathroom. The bed has freshly laundered linen on it and clean towel is provided. Located in the 5th floor of a typical parisian building, the room is particularly quiet and bright. The whole apartment is at the disposal of the traveler if he wishes to cook or just to enjoy the comfort of the living room. Ideally located for tourism, between Gare du Nord station (Eurostar, RER B & D, subway lines 2, 4 & 5) and the subway ""Poissonnière""(line 7), 5 minutes by foot from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) and Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), and about 10 minutes by foot from Grand Boulevards (Museums, Theaters and great restaurants). All the tourist attractions are located unless 30 minutes of the apartment. You will find near numerous shops, restaurants, bars and means of transportation. T"
8593	Our flat is perfect for two people wanting to spend a nice week-end in Paris. It's nice, cosy and quiet. 	Hi ! we are proposing our nice and cosy flat, 42m2, one spacious bedroom with a double bed and a living room with an american kitchen. All facilities included. Close to Canal St-Martin and many subway lines.  Our flat is perfect for two people wanting to spend a nice week-end in Paris. It's nice, cosy and quiet.  We leave your the whole flat, and won't be here during your stay.  You have access to the bedroom, living, kitchen and bathroom. Our flat is close to Canal St-Martin, a very nice district to walk out and lively. There are also many subway lines just around (metro 4,5,2,7 and RER B,D,E). Useful to visit Paris. Last thing : our cat (it's a cool cat) is staying in the flat.
8594	1 Bedroom  1 Living Room with a sofa bed  1 openspace kitchen bar 1 bathroom and toilet Well Equiped as home: fridge, microwave, oven, washing machine, hair dryer, bed sheet and towels 	Paris Central, 2 room appartment at Canal Saint Martin river view and next to Republique Square. Next to 2 grocery shops, restaurants and bars. At Republique station one of Paris biggest subway station full of lines to go everywhere Line (phone number hidden) Bedroom  1 Living Room with a sofa bed  1 openspace kitchen bar 1 bathroom and toilet Well Equiped as home: fridge, microwave, oven, washing machine, hair dryer, bed sheet and towels  Code at the main entrance 1rst Floor  Middle door Text me, call me, i stay available  Trendy area, place to be. Canal St-Martin's iron footbridges and tree-shaded quays that formed the backdrop for some of the film's most atmospheric scenes. Nowadays, this ever-gentrifying, 19th-century waterway draws a trendy crowd to its shabby-chic bars and appetizing bistros - starting with Chez Prune, the main magnet for bobo bière-drinkers. It's also a shopping area full of Boutique of Paris middle range designers. •République lines 5 9 3 8 11 •Jacques Bonserge
8595	Beautiful apartment in the center of Paris, very sunny, whit a metro just at 1 minute from the apart, whit different lines (4-5-7) you can go everywhere fast. You have also different bus...The canal saint martin is very typic and nice place to visit. The shops are just at 1 minute : supermarket etc..the building is nice, 2° floor whit elevator you can see a church very nice in front of apartment.The apartment is totally new: you can regular the lights and make a soft ambient. The bathroom is large and very nice too. You have Wifi connect and international cannelCleaning service is included at NO additional Fee.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. Microwaves, and all you need to do kitchen. wifi connection and TV whit internationals channels  I promise to you : you will be very good in this apartment If you need some help i can have a discount for disney, boat trip and a discount for a very nice 	My calendar is updated so you can book it directly BUT I PREFER LONGER PERIOD Beautiful apartment in the center of Paris, very sunny, whit a metro just at 1 minute from the apart, whit different lines (4-5-7) you can go everywhere fast. You have also different bus...The canal saint martin is very typic and nice place to visit. The shops are just at 1 minute : supermarket etc..the building is nice, 2° floor whit elevator you can see a church very nice in front of apartment.The apartment is totally new: you can regular the lights and make a soft ambient. The bathroom is large and very nice too. You have Wifi connect and international cannelCleaning service is included at NO additional Fee.  There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. Microwaves, and all you need to do kitchen. wifi connection and TV whit internationals channels  I promise to you : you will be very good in this apartment If you need some he
8596	Charmant petit studio dans immeuble récent. Vous êtes à la recherche de confort, et de praticité, cette location est faite pour vous.  Pour visiter Paris ou encore passer du bon temps dans la capitale, venez profiter de ce studio calme et paisible, sur cour intérieure, et facile d’accès et proche de toutes commodités. Petit appartement de 25 m2 mais très fonctionnel avec cuisine séparée et balcon comportant une magnifique vue sur Montmartre. Idéal pour un couple. Il peut accueillir confortablement jusqu'à (techniquement) 3 personnes. Entièrement équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour un séjour confortable à Paris (voir les listes à la fin de la description) 	Charmant petit studio dans immeuble récent. Vous êtes à la recherche de confort, et de praticité, cette location est faite pour vous.  Pour visiter Paris ou encore passer du bon temps dans la capitale, venez profiter de ce studio calme et paisible, s Charmant petit studio dans immeuble récent. Vous êtes à la recherche de confort, et de praticité, cette location est faite pour vous.  Pour visiter Paris ou encore passer du bon temps dans la capitale, venez profiter de ce studio calme et paisible, sur cour intérieure, et facile d’accès et proche de toutes commodités. Petit appartement de 25 m2 mais très fonctionnel avec cuisine séparée et balcon comportant une magnifique vue sur Montmartre. Idéal pour un couple. Il peut accueillir confortablement jusqu'à (techniquement) 3 personnes. Entièrement équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour un séjour confortable à Paris (voir les listes à la fin de la description) L'appartement est situé à seulement 5 minutes à pied du Canal St Martin, et de ses re
8597		Placed on one of the best spots in Paris, next to the Canals St Martin This is a SHARED-ROOM (26 squares metters) with 1 convertible bed for you and 1
8598	Grand appartement de 80 m² partagé avec 2 colocataires. Salle de bains, WC séparés, cuisine et grand salon à partager. Ma chambre est la plus grande, la fenêtre donne sur la rue mais plutôt calme (puisque l'appartement est au 4ème étage). L'immeuble est pourvu d'un ascenseur, et d'un interphone à l'entrée. Quartier vivant et animé.	Grande chambre privée de 20m² dans un bel appartement typique parisien, partagé avec deux charmants colocataires. Situé rue Beaurepaire, en plein cœur du meilleur quartier de Paris ! A saisir du 28/08 au 13/09! Grand appartement de 80 m² partagé avec 2 colocataires. Salle de bains, WC séparés, cuisine et grand salon à partager. Ma chambre est la plus grande, la fenêtre donne sur la rue mais plutôt calme (puisque l'appartement est au 4ème étage). L'immeuble est pourvu d'un ascenseur, et d'un interphone à l'entrée. Quartier vivant et animé. Mes colocataires seront là pour vous accueillir et vous aider. Je peux vous aider à organiser votre séjour en amont. Entre la Place de la République et du Canal St Martin, l'appartement bénéficie d'un emplacement idéal pour visiter Paris, sortir et se balader. Plein de conseils de bonnes adresse si vous en avez besoin! Métro Place de la République : lignes 5, 3, 8, 9, 11 Métro Jacques Bonsergent : ligne 5 Métro Château d'Eau ou Strasbourg Saint-Denis:
8599	 This 60m² flat (650 sq ft) is in the 3rd floor of a typical parisian building (no elevator) You can accommodate up to 4 persons in this big 2 room cunningly fitted out. The lounge, very luminous, has a sofa bed (140x200 cm or 55 x 79 IN ),an HD television , a Blu-ray / DVD reader, a hi-fi stereo and an unlimited WIFI high-speed Internet. The kitchen  is fully equipped: 2 electric patches, an oven, a microphone wave, a rice cooker, a robot of cooking, a toaster, a kettle,  a washing machine (in the bathroom) The bedroom consists of a queen size recent bed (160x200 cm or 68x79 IN). 	 This 60m² flat (650 sq ft) is in the 3rd floor of a typical parisian building (no elevator) You can accommodate up to 4 persons in this big 2 room cunningly fitted out. The lounge, very luminous, has a sofa bed (140x200 cm or 55 x 79 IN ),an HD television , a Blu-ray / DVD reader, a hi-fi stereo and an unlimited WIFI high-speed Internet. The kitchen  is fully equipped: 2 electric patches, an oven, a microphone wave, a rice cooker, a robot of cooking, a toaster, a kettle,  a washing machine (in the bathroom) The bedroom consists of a queen size recent bed (160x200 cm or 68x79 IN). Located between the Canal St Martin, Montmarte and Gare du Nord , our flat is ideally located in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy this warm and lively district surrounded by lot of shops, bars and restaurants. You have also 3 Cinemas less than 10min walk. 2 metro stations -   Louis Blanc and Stalingrad ( ligne 2 , 5 and  7) - are less than 5 min by foot from the flat which makes it easy  to join all most be
8600	Quiet place in the center of Paris , 5 minutes walk from St Martin Canal and Place de la Republique. Quiet, cozy , you will feel like home ! We will be there to welcome you .... with a huge smile .	12 m2 bedroom in an apartment of 40m2, including a further bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a separate toilet. The bedroom has a double bed (160x200), everything you need for a good night and a current window. Quiet place in the center of Paris , 5 minutes walk from St Martin Canal and Place de la Republique. Quiet, cozy , you will feel like home ! We will be there to welcome you .... with a huge smile . You will have access to the entire place. We will be happy to give you our best addresses and all information you need to enjoy your stay in Paris. Central, dynamic, cosmopolitan, Republique/St Martin canal is popular for Parisians but also for foreigners. You will find many bars, restaurants and shops... The apartment is surrounded by public transport. 2 mins from the metro station Jacques Bonsergent (line 5) , 6 mins from Republique (line 3 , 5, 8 , 9) and Gare de l'Est (line 5, 7) . You also have many bus and velib stations (for the brave one) around the house.
8601	Stay in our studio (29 sqm), ideal for one or two in the center of Paris, at 10/15 mn by foot from Montmartre, and 5mn from Canal St Martin; furnished, renovated and equipped. Underground at 20m (Stalingrad, Line 2,5,7). Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station. The quarter is lively and authentic, bohemian as well as exotic,  Ideal place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple:  Several bus-lines, including night-lines, are just as close. Easy access to go everywhere, in 15 minutes you can be at the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower or at Notre Dame. 10 min or less to Beaubourg, Les Halles (the centre), Galleries Lafayette, the Opera, Place Vendôme.. Detailed description: - Hall with small kitchenette (washing machine) - Small shower room with shower and toilet, - Main room with bed, table, poufs - INTERNET, WiFi - No elevator, 2nd floor - Phone,iron, hairdryer All commodities like post-office, money-change, bank, supermarket (8am – 23pm), bak	Stay in our studio (29 sqm), ideal for one or two in the center of Paris, at 10/15 mn by foot from Montmartre, and 5mn from Canal St Martin; furnished, renovated and equipped. Underground at 20m (Stalingrad, Line 2,5,7). Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station. The quarter is lively and authentic, bohemian as well as exotic,  Ideal place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple:  Several bus-lines, including night-lines, are just as close. Easy access to go everywhere, in 15 minutes you can be at the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower or at Notre Dame. 10 min or less to Beaubourg, Les Halles (the centre), Galleries Lafayette, the Opera, Place Vendôme.. Detailed description: - Hall with small kitchenette (washing machine) - Small shower room with shower and toilet, - Main room with bed, table, poufs - INTERNET, WiFi - No elevator, 2nd floor - Phone,iron, hairdryer All commodities like post-office, money-change, bank, supermarket (8am – 23pm), bak
8602	L'appartement n'est pas très grand, mais permet de dépanner pour un court séjour parisien. Je vous mets à disposition un matelas pneumatique 2 places avec sac de couchage et oreiller.	L'appartement n'est pas très grand, mais permet de dépanner pour un court séjour parisien. Je vous mets à disposition un matelas pneumatique 2 places avec sac de couchage et oreiller. Pour vous accueillir, je pourrai le faire le soir à partir de 19h30. Si cette heure ne vous convient pas, la location n'est pas possible Lors de votre séjour, je serai présente dans le logement. ça serait un grand plaisir de partager avec vous les bons plans de la capitale et de vous faire découvrir cette ville magnifique à travers mes expériences. Pour accéder à l'appartement vous avez plusieurs stations possibles à 5 minutes à pied : - Gare de l'Est (ligne 4, 5, 7) - Gare du Nord (ligne 4, 5) RER D et RER B (ligne directe vers les deux aéroports) - Magenta (RER E) - Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5, 7) - Louis Blanc (ligne 7 et 7 bis) - Chateau Landon (ligne 7) Pour vous déplacer dans Paris, je vous conseille le vélo. Il y a une station de Vélib (vélo en location par la Mairie de Paris) disponible juste en bas de
8603	It´s a beautiful, efficient, well located apartment that sleeps 2+2 people (1 double bed in the bedroom + 1 sofa bed in the living room). It is composed with an open kitchen, a spacious living room, a bathroom with toilet and a bedroom. Fully-equipped kitchen, with washing machine, oven, kettle, coffee maker, fridge... The apartment is on the second floor (there is an elevator). One minute walk away from métro Goncourt.  Seven minute walk away from métro République.  You can reach the center of Paris (Châtelet) in 10 minutes by metro.	Charming 1 bedroom apartment located a short walk away from République, Canal Saint Martin and the quartier Oberkampf.  In a prime location, this luminous, quiet, and efficient apartment with a view on a rooftop flower garden sleeps 2+2 people. It´s a beautiful, efficient, well located apartment that sleeps 2+2 people (1 double bed in the bedroom + 1 sofa bed in the living room). It is composed with an open kitchen, a spacious living room, a bathroom with toilet and a bedroom. Fully-equipped kitchen, with washing machine, oven, kettle, coffee maker, fridge... The apartment is on the second floor (there is an elevator). One minute walk away from métro Goncourt.  Seven minute walk away from métro République.  You can reach the center of Paris (Châtelet) in 10 minutes by metro. - The apartment is readily available and independent. - For security reasons the rooftop terrace is not accessible; however it is very pleasant to open the windows and appreciate the garden. - We live and work in t
8604	Vous découvrez l'appartement par une petite entrée qui dessert toutes les pièces. Sur votre gauche, la cuisine et les toilettes séparées. Sur votre droite, le salon et un couloir permettant d'aller à la chambre sans passer par le salon (très pratique si vous avez prévu d'installer le matelas gonflable pour 2 dans le salon) et à la salle de bain, avec baignoire.  L'appartement est idéal pour des vacances en couple ou en famille, en plein coeur du 10ème arrondissement.	Traversez le pont tournant sur le Canal Saint Martin, gravissez 5 étages et découvrez un deux pièces ultra lumineux et cosy.  Très bien situé et calme (sur cours), l'appartement est charmant et agréable avec ses deux grandes pièces à vivre (38m2). Vous découvrez l'appartement par une petite entrée qui dessert toutes les pièces. Sur votre gauche, la cuisine et les toilettes séparées. Sur votre droite, le salon et un couloir permettant d'aller à la chambre sans passer par le salon (très pratique si vous avez prévu d'installer le matelas gonflable pour 2 dans le salon) et à la salle de bain, avec baignoire.  L'appartement est idéal pour des vacances en couple ou en famille, en plein coeur du 10ème arrondissement. Vous aurez accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement.  La cuisine est totalement équipée (frigo, plaques vitrocéramiques, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, Nespresso, grille-pain, blender). Il y a également une machine à laver.  Le logement est tout équipé (serviettes, draps, wifi). Je
8605	Un petit studio typiquement parisien, espace optimisé et décoration moderne et épurée. Lit double en hauteur (échelle) + canapé lit convertible. Capacité d'accueil: 2/3 personnes MAX Idéal pour couple ou personne seule. Salle de bain (douche), wc, cuisine équipée. 2ème étage sans ascenseur, calme. Il s'agit d'un petit studio équipé d'une mezzanine, par conséquent il n'est pas adapté aux personnes âgé(e)s et/ou à mobilité réduite.	En plein coeur du très animé secteur Canal Saint-Martin, ce studio peut accueillir 2 à 3 personnes. Équipé d'un lit double mezzanine et un canapé convertible, il est décoré de façon à créer une atmosphère cosy et moderne. Idéal couple/personne seule Un petit studio typiquement parisien, espace optimisé et décoration moderne et épurée. Lit double en hauteur (échelle) + canapé lit convertible. Capacité d'accueil: 2/3 personnes MAX Idéal pour couple ou personne seule. Salle de bain (douche), wc, cuisine équipée. 2ème étage sans ascenseur, calme. Il s'agit d'un petit studio équipé d'une mezzanine, par conséquent il n'est pas adapté aux personnes âgé(e)s et/ou à mobilité réduite. Quartier très animé. Nombreux commerces, restaurants, cafés, bars. Promenade du canal Saint-Martin, boutiques shopping. Promenade shopping: Rue de Marseille, Rue Beaurepaire Promenade restaurants/cafés: Rue des vinaigriers, Rue des Recollets, Quai de Valmy, Rue de Lancry. Metro ligne 5,9,8,11,3. Bus 65. Vélib  Dans
8606	20 m2 1 american kitchen Sofa-bed	"Between ""chinatown"" and the Canal St Martin Really accessible : metro lines 2, 11, 4, 7, 5 and RER, bus.  20 m2 Quiet, luminous. Perfect to discover the capital !  See ya 20 m2 1 american kitchen Sofa-bed Lot of restaurants, bars, supermarket.  Pic nic on the canal ... Metro lines 2, 11, 4 RER Bus"
8607	Well placed, bright and friendly you feel at home plus a view of the canal Saint Martin.	Our two cozy rooms is ideal for a couple and a child. Facing the canal Saint Martin, it is bright and quiet. This festive neighborhood is served by several subway lines (2,7,7 a, 4,5) that will lead you easily to all Paris. Well placed, bright and friendly you feel at home plus a view of the canal Saint Martin. The 10th arrondissement is a friendly and lively neighborhood. Many bars and restaurants and a few clubs and concert halls are there! You can also go on foot in five minutes in a large cinema overlooking the canal Saint Martin. In fifteen minutes walk you tighten the Buttes Chaumont, one of the most beautiful and largest parks in Paris. You will enjoy access to numerous transport links and proximity to many supermarkets. In short to live on the banks of the canal! Metro: lines 2 (jaurès and Colonel Fabien), line 7 (Louis Blanc and gare de l'est), line 5 (jaurès and gare de l'est), line 7a (Louis Blanc and Jaurès), line 4 (gare de l'est). Bus: line 46 and many others as well as l
8608	Exceptional architect design apartment in the most trendy and lovely area in Paris - Le Marais - Rue de Bretagne -  Photographed for many french design magazines (see pictures enclosed) and even many reportage on french TV     Luxurious accommodation  well decorated , 97 m2 with a quiet, flowered and sunny terrace where you can eat (table, chairs and deck chair). Terrace open on the kitchen and on the bedroom. Wifi, 2 TV (living room and bedroom), DVD, HIFI, Radio, American kitchen with bar,   fully equipped, microwave, toaster, blender, oven, dishwasher. Living room 60m2 with sofa and big dining table. There is also a piano in the living room if you want to play (softly) a romance.   Bathroom with bath. Separate toilet.  Close to restaurants, fashion bars, gay area, museums, shops, galleries, parks and metro. In the heart of Paris. Located in the most fashion district (Merci, Surface2Air, Zadig &Voltaire, APC, Paul&Joe) , Café Charlot and Café Le Progrès, coucous Omar, Rose Bakery (or	Exceptional architect design apartment in the most trendy and lovely area in Paris - Le Marais - Rue de Bretagne -  Photographed for many french design magazines (see pictures enclosed) and even many reportage on french TV     Exceptional architect design apartment in the most trendy and lovely area in Paris - Le Marais - Rue de Bretagne -  Photographed for many french design magazines (see pictures enclosed) and even many reportage on french TV     Luxurious accommodation  well decorated , 97 m2 with a quiet, flowered and sunny terrace where you can eat (table, chairs and deck chair). Terrace open on the kitchen and on the bedroom. Wifi, 2 TV (living room and bedroom), DVD, HIFI, Radio, American kitchen with bar,   fully equipped, microwave, toaster, blender, oven, dishwasher. Living room 60m2 with sofa and big dining table. There is also a piano in the living room if you want to play (softly) a romance.   Bathroom with bath. Separate toilet.  Close to restaurants, fashion bars, gay a
8609	The apartment has a separate bathroom, an individual kitchen and a big living room with a bed and a table. It can welcome two people who will sleep in the double bed. There's also an air mattress that can be used for a third person. The flat is very bright (south oriented), and well laid.	Bright and well laid out apartment near the Canal St Martin, and a 20 minutes walk from Montmartre. The flat can welcome two people (possibly three thanks to an air mattress). It is located in a full of life, trendy and touristic neighborhood ! The apartment has a separate bathroom, an individual kitchen and a big living room with a bed and a table. It can welcome two people who will sleep in the double bed. There's also an air mattress that can be used for a third person. The flat is very bright (south oriented), and well laid. You'll have a TV, an Internet connexion at your disposal.  In the kitchen you'll have all the household appliances that you'll could expect (a toaster, a microwave, a fridge, hotplates and a washing machine). I won't be there during your stage but I'll be reachable  at all times and I'll be at your disposal before your arrival and stay in order to give you some advice and answer all your questions. The neighborhood is full of life. The Canal St Martin is a grea
8610	On the 6th floor with no elevator, this charming apartment is perfect for couples. South oriented with view on the roof The master bedroom is spacious and bright with a double bed, and the living room has a library and chairs with a vintage touch, that makes the space comfortable and friendly. - 28m2  - fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven...)  - fully equipped bathroom (washing machine)  - Double size bed - WIFI connection...  - HiFi, Ipod / Iphone connection  - Personalized suggestions for the local area (and beyond)	Charming flat with roof view in Rue Saint Denis, the center of Paris.  Its a little espace but well spent to meet all your needs during your stay. Comfortable and cosy, fully equipped kitchen, with one double bed. Well connected   
8611		This bachelor flat offers a very cosy space to enjoy busy Paris. It is very functional and relaxing, especially during summer when you can enjoy the calm terrasse outside. It is ideally located, in a viby area and close to all amenities.
8612	We've lived here since a little bit more than 6 months, and even if everything is not in place yet, we've spent a lot of time making it a nice place to hang out. It's on the 2nd floor of a full renovated building, with all the security you need.  It's entirely furnished with love : an ancient armchair from the family, a lot of homemade stuff, a rug and decoration items hunted on ebay or in second hand shops. People who come here always say that it's a nice place to be !	We are Marie & Loïc. Welcome to our home sweet home in Paris X ! We hope you will enjoy your time here as much as we enjoy it everyday :) We've lived here since a little bit more than 6 months, and even if everything is not in place yet, we've spent a lot of time making it a nice place to hang out. It's on the 2nd floor of a full renovated building, with all the security you need.  It's entirely furnished with love : an ancient armchair from the family, a lot of homemade stuff, a rug and decoration items hunted on ebay or in second hand shops. People who come here always say that it's a nice place to be ! You will have access to the whole apartment, including :  - 1 bedroom with a big comfy bed for 2 people  We have an inflatable mattress if needed that can accommodate 2 extra-people. - 1 large living room with a very comfy couch, an rocking chair and a coffee table in one side, and a very big table for 6 in the other side. - 1 large kitchen fully equipped with 2 hot plates, 1 fridge, 
8613	10구에 위치한 6명이 함께 쉐어하는 아파트입니다.  각자의 방은 따로 있으며 (방 6개), 부엌, 거실, 화장실, 욕실을 공동사용하고 있습니다.  집 근처에는 프랑프리, 디아고날, 리들, 피꺄 등 다양한 슈퍼마켓이 있고,  인접한 지하철 역 3개와 많은 버스 정류장이 있어 교통이 편리합니다.  또한 도보 3분 거리에 생 마르탱 운하가 있어 여름에는 더할 나위 없는 휴식처가 될 것입니다.   알려진 바와는 달리 전혀 위험한 동네가 아니며, 오히려 젊은이들이 밀집해있는 동네라고 할 수 있습니다.  ※ 유의할 점.  1. 이 방은 한국인 여성분에 한하여 단기임대를 드립니다.  (phone number hidden), 이 기간에 최대한 적합한 여행자분을 우선조건으로 모시려고 하니 이 또한 유의해 주세요.	10구에 위치한 6명의 유학생들 (모두 여학생)이 함께 쉐어하는 아파트입니다.  개인의 방은 따로 있으며, 부엌, 거실, 화장실, 욕실을 공동사용하고 있습니다.  이 방은 한국인 여성분에 한하여 단기임대를 드린다는 점에 유의해주세요!  개인방은 약 10제곱미터의 방으로, 햇살이 잘 들고 가구들이 구비되어 있습니다.  그 밖에, 식기, 가전제품, 세탁기 등을 마음껏 사용하실 수 있어 짧은 여행기간동안 비용 절감이 가능합니다! 10구에 위치한 6명이 함께 쉐어하는 아파트입니다.  각자의 방은 따로 있으며 (방 6개), 부엌, 거실, 화장실, 욕실을 공동사용하고 있습니다.  집 근처에는 프랑프리, 디아고날, 리들, 피꺄 등 다양한 슈퍼마켓이 있고,  인접한 지하철 역 3개와 많은 버스 정류장이 있어 교통이 편리합니다.  또한 도보 3분 거리에 생 마르탱 운하가 있어 여름에는 더할 나위 없는 휴식처가 될 것입니다.   알려진 바와는 달리 전혀 위험한 동네가 아니며, 오히려 젊은이들이 밀집해있는 동네라고 할 수 있습니다.  ※ 유의할 점.  1. 이 방은 한국인 여성분에 한하여 단기임대를 드립니다.  (phone number hidden), 이 기간에 최대한 적합한 여행자분을 우선조건으로 모시려고 하니 이 또한 유의해 주세요. 개인방- 넓은 싱글 침대, 책상, 의자, 옷장, 거울 등의 가구 등이 구비되어 있습니다. 햇빛이 잘 들어오지만, 여름에는 시원한 방입니다. 부엌- 식기, 냉장고, 가스렌지, 전자렌지, 세탁기 등이 구비되어 있어 마음껏 사용하실 수 있습니다.  욕실- 욕조, 샤워부스, 세면대가 있습니다. 여섯 명이 사용하는 공간이나 각자의 활동 시간대가 달라 붐비는 일이 거의 없습니다.  거실- 아담한 거실에는 함께 이야기를 나누거나 식사를 할 수 있는 테이블이 마련되어 있습니다.  화장실- 욕실과 마찬가지로, 붐비는 걱정은 없습니다. 그 밖에, 무선 인터넷비는 집세에 포함되어 있고, 유선 통화는 공짜인 인터넷 전화기가 있어 언제든 한국으로 전화를 거실 수 있습니
8614	The appartement is situated in a very nice and trendy part of Paris, near Canal Saint Martin. It is ideally near three metro stations and train stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est) are walking distance. It is very calm and bright. You will feel at home as it is a very cosy appartement.	Nice 10m2 double room, cupboard and desk, window on yard, 5th floor, very quiet and just in front of the metro statin Stalingrad, in Paris. The appartement is situated in a very nice and trendy part of Paris, near Canal Saint Martin. It is ideally near three metro stations and train stations (Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est) are walking distance. It is very calm and bright. You will feel at home as it is a very cosy appartement. It is a two bedroom appartement with a completly private room which has direct access to the living-room and fully equipped kitchen. You will have full access to the bathroom and separate WC. The appartement has television and Wifi for all your devices. It is a sharing appartement, so we will see one another. Fluent in English, I will be able to assist you. I have lived in Paris for more than twenty years now and know the city very well. The neighborhood is very nice and quiet. You will enjoy the bars and restaurants on the Canal Saint Martin. Nice walks towards
8615	"Clean, bright , this cozy one bedroom (1 kingsize bed) apartment (35 m2) is located on the ""Canal Saint Martin"" river side. The apartment is well located and only few minutes’ walk from Art Galleries, Shops, Restaurants and Bars which make this area such an attractive and fun place to stay. The apartment is also very close to public transports (Subway République, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord and Jacques Bonsergent), busses and Velib stations are less than 5 minutes walk).  The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a Parisian building. I also have a sofa wich can be used as a bed (Length: 1.90 cm, Width: 100 cm). I have a high speed internet access, a washing machine and everything you need in the kitchen and the bathroom.  I have been in this place for years and never felt bored of it ... I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do.  "	"Clean, bright , this cozy one bedroom (1 kingsize bed) apartment (35 m2) is located on the ""Canal Saint Martin"" river side. The apartment is well located and only few minutes’ walk from Art Galleries, Shops, Restaurants and Bars which make this area such an attractive and fun place to stay. The apartment is also very close to public transports (Subway République, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord and Jacques Bonsergent), busses and Velib stations are less than 5 minutes walk).  The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a Parisian building. I also have a sofa wich can be used as a bed (Length: 1.90 cm, Width: 100 cm). I have a high speed internet access, a washing machine and everything you need in the kitchen and the bathroom.  I have been in this place for years and never felt bored of it ... I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do.  "
8616	Bel appartement avec un beau volume de 62 m2 dont un salon et une salle à manger , ( wifi, king size bed, baignoire, grand canapé, bar,  2 tv, hi fi, platines Mk2 Technics, collection Cds, Dvds et vinyls, Dr dre beat, micro onde, plaques de cuisson, machine à laver et sécher) très lumineux et situé idéalement à 200 mètres du métro république. (pas d ascenseur ) ou encore à 200 mètres  du canal St Martin et à 10 minutes à pied du Marais ou de la place de la Bastille. Le quartier est très vivant et regorge de boutiques branchées, restaurants, bars et boîtes de nuit.  Le mythique canal St Martin est à 1 minute à pied, très agréable l'été pour se ballader et dîner en terasse.	Ce bel appartement lumineux de 62 m2,  tout en enfilade,  est idéalement situé à 200 m du métro, de la place de la république et du quai de Valmy. Ce quartier animé, de jour et de nuit, regorge de restaurants, boutiques et commerces en tout genre. Bel appartement avec un beau volume de 62 m2 dont un salon et une salle à manger , ( wifi, king size bed, baignoire, grand canapé, bar,  2 tv, hi fi, platines Mk2 Technics, collection Cds, Dvds et vinyls, Dr dre beat, micro onde, plaques de cuisson, machine à laver et sécher) très lumineux et situé idéalement à 200 mètres du métro république. (pas d ascenseur ) ou encore à 200 mètres  du canal St Martin et à 10 minutes à pied du Marais ou de la place de la Bastille. Le quartier est très vivant et regorge de boutiques branchées, restaurants, bars et boîtes de nuit.  Le mythique canal St Martin est à 1 minute à pied, très agréable l'été pour se ballader et dîner en terasse. Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement.
8617	The decoration - i love scandinavian and vintage furniture - and the life of the area, my favorite in Paris ! Waiting for the much better looking airbnb pictures, but with these you can already get a glimpse. I've had 3 people already and they all loved the flat!	Modern, design and confy flat only a few minutes from the Canal St Martin and Gare du nord. You'll be very central and close to many restaurants, cute little streets and markets. Spend your weekend in a cosy place! The decoration - i love scandinavian and vintage furniture - and the life of the area, my favorite in Paris ! Waiting for the much better looking airbnb pictures, but with these you can already get a glimpse. I've had 3 people already and they all loved the flat! Everything that is in the flat ! I am happy to list a few addresses I like Metro goncourt, colonel fabien, 10mn walk from Republique, 15 mn walk from gare du nord
8618	Hello! I'm off to the seaside for four days, and I would like to sublet my Paris flat. The minimum stay is 3 nights, but let me know your exact dates and we can find an arrangement if you want to stay less or more days. My friends live nearby and can give you/collect the keys if I'm not there when you arrive.  It's 45 euros/ night.  My flat is a very cosy, clean and bright place. The bed/sofa is comfortable and as it's just a single bed, it's only for one person. Electricity, water, heat and wifi are included in the price. There is an entrance, a bathroom (shower, sink, toilets) with a fresh towel, the leaving room/bedroom (desk, sofa) with clean sheets, a nice balcony (it has a few chairs and a table) and the kitchen (fridge, hobs, washing machine). The flat is right next to the Gare du Nord (train lines B & D, metro lines 2, 4 & 5). It's very central and you can walk to the Canal, Montmartre, and even to the Marais or Châtelet. I have just adopted a kitten, which is two months and wi	Hello! I'm off to the seaside for four days, and I would like to sublet my Paris flat. The minimum stay is 3 nights, but let me know your exact dates and we can find an arrangement if you want to stay less or more days. My friends live nearby and can give you/collect the keys if I'm not there when you arrive.  It's 45 euros/ night.  My flat is a very cosy, clean and bright place. The bed/sofa is comfortable and as it's just a single bed, it's only for one person. Electricity, water, heat and wifi are included in the price. There is an entrance, a bathroom (shower, sink, toilets) with a fresh towel, the leaving room/bedroom (desk, sofa) with clean sheets, a nice balcony (it has a few chairs and a table) and the kitchen (fridge, hobs, washing machine). The flat is right next to the Gare du Nord (train lines B & D, metro lines 2, 4 & 5). It's very central and you can walk to the Canal, Montmartre, and even to the Marais or Châtelet. I have just adopted a kitten, which is two months and wi
8619	Welcome! A beautiful studio in the center of Paris, in the heart of a popular, vibrant area. The perfect place to enjoy the French capital. A nice bright living room (2 large windows), a kitchenette, a bathroom, high-speed wifi, equipments that are less than two years old, all located in a very quiet condominium. You are 200 meters from the metro line 5 and near (500 meters) from the Republic Square which includes five metro lines (3,5,8,9,11). The metro line 4 is also close (500 meters). The North train station (less than a kilometer), The East Railway Station (700 meters) are very close if you come from England or Germany for example. The Marais, the Seine, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pompidou Centre, the Saint Louis island ... are all essential sites on which you can leisurely walk through ballads whose duration varies between 15 and 30 minutes. Why not take a Velib, a self-service bicycle, and enjoy the bike paths that lead you to the Bassin de la Villette for example ... Of course, 	Welcome, Bienvenue, A charming studio located at the heart of Paris (canal saint Martin / République) in a lively neighborhood  (nice restaurants, bars, clubs). Close to six different metro lignes (phone number hidden)) and to train stations (North & East) Welcome! A beautiful studio in the center of Paris, in the heart of a popular, vibrant area. The perfect place to enjoy the French capital. A nice bright living room (2 large windows), a kitchenette, a bathroom, high-speed wifi, equipments that are less than two years old, all located in a very quiet condominium. You are 200 meters from the metro line 5 and near (500 meters) from the Republic Square which includes five metro lines (3,5,8,9,11). The metro line 4 is also close (500 meters). The North train station (less than a kilometer), The East Railway Station (700 meters) are very close if you come from England or Germany for example. The Marais, the Seine, Notre Dame Cathedral, the Pompidou Centre, the Saint Louis island ... are a
8620	"Just a few blocks away from Pigalle, Montmartre and on the other side le canal Saint Martin, you'll get a real look of what's hot in Paris these days... And it's happening in the north! 4 parisian live in this flat and we're very happy to host, advise and eventually share drinks with our guests. The flat is big, comfy and your room will make your forget that you're actually in one of the most exciting and lively neighborhood of Paris. I'm only renting the room for 2 nights or more. I don't provide food but you'll have some place in a fridge and you're welcome to use the kitchen. If there is some ""open"" food from the flat: be free to get it a try!"	"In a big 5 bedrooms flat, you get the quiet room! Located in the hearth of Paris, you just have to walk a few minutes to discover Montmartre, Pigalle or the calm and hipster neighborhood of canal saint martin. You'll probably meet 1of my 4 roommates! Just a few blocks away from Pigalle, Montmartre and on the other side le canal Saint Martin, you'll get a real look of what's hot in Paris these days... And it's happening in the north! 4 parisian live in this flat and we're very happy to host, advise and eventually share drinks with our guests. The flat is big, comfy and your room will make your forget that you're actually in one of the most exciting and lively neighborhood of Paris. I'm only renting the room for 2 nights or more. I don't provide food but you'll have some place in a fridge and you're welcome to use the kitchen. If there is some ""open"" food from the flat: be free to get it a try! You'll have your own room and a shared bathroom (with one roomate only) I will welcome you if "
8621	STANDING This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. Note that the lift will stop at the 5th floor. You will have to walk few steps to the last floor. The apartment is very quiet and has a great natural light. LAYOUT Charming 36 sqm apartment suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on a corridor leading on the back to the main room, very pleasant, luminous, quiet. It has a living area with a sofabed (two sleeps, 140x200), a coffee table and an armchair. You will love the home-cinema with the video-projector, the BLURAY player and the large screen very easy to use, so don't forget your favorite DVD's and BLURAYS ! Should you need to work, a desk is at your disposal. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor, next to the entrance door. It has a double bed 160x200 and a large closet. From the corridor you will also access the bathr	Decorated with taste in a contemporary style, comfortable and very quiet, this apartment will be perfect for a couple. It is fairly priced, located in a popular area, from where you can enjoy romantic strolls along the Canal. STANDING This apartment is located on the 6th floor of a building with a lift. The access is secured with a coded-door and a second gate with an intercom. Note that the lift will stop at the 5th floor. You will have to walk few steps to the last floor. The apartment is very quiet and has a great natural light. LAYOUT Charming 36 sqm apartment suitable for up to four guests. The entrance gives on a corridor leading on the back to the main room, very pleasant, luminous, quiet. It has a living area with a sofabed (two sleeps, 140x200), a coffee table and an armchair. You will love the home-cinema with the video-projector, the BLURAY player and the large screen very easy to use, so don't forget your favorite DVD's and BLURAYS ! Should you need to work, a desk is at yo
8622	This warm space in the heart of paris offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep work.	[70m2] The Bohemian Tiles This warm space in the heart of paris offers 3 bedrooms to accommodate up to 6 guests. The wood floors, claw bathtub, and other décor give the space an old world charm, while retaining modern conveniences such as controlled heat, WIFI, and a DVD player. Includes a full bathroom and fully stocked kitchen with plenty of space for eating or prep (website hidden), Air conditioning, washer, Dryer etc  with WIFI included. *Check-In time: 3pm / Check-Out time: 10am  *Other times might be available depending on the previous guests check out and next guests check in times. If you want to explore the culture of Paris, this is the neighborhood for you. You will enjoy the promanade near the canal saint martin which is very near to this apartment. you will enjoy the view from the bridges along this canal. subway lines 3 ,5 ,8 ,9 and 11 are just a block away. Be respectful to your neighbours and take care of the furnitures during your stay. Enjoy your stay
8623	About 18m2, complete with windows and view of The Eiffel Tower, Montmartre as well as the canal St. Martin that is right across the street. The room will provide you with enough space to keep your things and i will vacate one part of the wardrobe ( a small section in it, one or two racks) for you to keep your essential stuff there.	Conveniently located in 10 arr, right next to canal St Martin, excellent view ofEiffel Tower as well as Sacre Coeur. Buses (phone number hidden), metros 2,5,7,7bis. Close to Mc Donald's, subway, monoprix,carrefour. About 18m2, complete with windows and view of The Eiffel Tower, Montmartre as well as the canal St. Martin that is right across the street. The room will provide you with enough space to keep your things and i will vacate one part of the wardrobe ( a small section in it, one or two racks) for you to keep your essential stuff there.
8624		Joli petit appartement de 40m², lumineux, calme et cour privée. Il est située entre la gare de l'Est et le canal Saint-Martin proche des métros et toutes commodités.
8625	The appartement is located in the  charming Canal Saint Martin area, and is 5-10min walking from two main train station Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Many restaurants, bars in the area, lot of buses lines and metro lines.  The appartment has 2 rooms, a big hallway with on open kitchen, a living room, a bathroom with isolated toilets. Rooms are independant and separated by the living room so you'll have your own privacy :)  The appartement is very bright, and there is a balcony along the rooms and the living room,offering amazing sunbath all afternoon long.  The couch in the living room can be used for a third person to sleep, or I can add a matress in the room. While you stay, the second room is occupied by one of the roomates. You can rent the entire appartment as well (120€/night) if you need to.  	Typical parisian flat, for a typical parisian life :)  LGBT Friendly The appartement is located in the  charming Canal Saint Martin area, and is 5-10min walking from two main train station Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord. Many restaurants, bars in the area, lot of buses lines and metro lines.  The appartment has 2 rooms, a big hallway with on open kitchen, a living room, a bathroom with isolated toilets. Rooms are independant and separated by the living room so you'll have your own privacy :)  The appartement is very bright, and there is a balcony along the rooms and the living room,offering amazing sunbath all afternoon long.  The couch in the living room can be used for a third person to sleep, or I can add a matress in the room. While you stay, the second room is occupied by one of the roomates. You can rent the entire appartment as well (120€/night) if you need to.  Access to  :  Bathroom Kitchen Room Balcony Internet Available for advices and tips on places to visit,  Lovely Canal 
8626	Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 51m2 en plein coeur de Paris.  Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports.	Chambre spacieuse avec lit double dans un appartement haussmannien lumineux et chaleureux de 51m2 à deux pas du Canal St Martin et Gare du Nord. Lovely and big BD in a nice 51 M2 Haussmann apartment close to Canal St Martin. Spacieux et lumineux apartement de 51m2 en plein coeur de Paris.  Proches de tous lieux touristiques, commerces et transports. L'appartement comprend une grande chambre avec nouvelle literie ,un grand salon, une TV écran plat, une connection Internet haut débit, une cuisine toute équipée, une salle de bain avec douche. Je serais au travail pendant la journée mais le soir je rentre vers 19H,j'aurais donc le temps de vous expliquer les petits coins sympas dans le quartier. Dans un quartier très animé vous trouverez tout ce qu’il vous faut (Restaurants, marchés, boulangeries, bars, etc.) Le Canal Saint-Martin,Montmartre (Basilique Sacré Cœur),  la place de la République et quartier Pigalle (Moulin Rouge) sont deux pas.  A 10 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards (Musée
8627	サロンには天窓、各部屋にも大きな窓があり採光抜群。風通しも良く、各部屋に空気循環機が設置してあります。	※3週間以上滞在の方には長期割引を適用致します。お問合せ下さい メトロ３線が乗り入れる駅まで徒歩３分。パリ中心地で交通至極便利。いわゆるBOBO地区と言われる賑やかな下町です。 100平米のアパルトマン内の10平米の個室をお貸しします。大きな二重窓があり明るい屋内です。ガス給湯なのでいつでもお湯がたっぷり使えます。最大3名のステイメイト大家夫婦との共同生活になりますがプライベートが守れる作りになっています。人数分の洗面台があるので水回りもバッティングしません。お風呂トイレ玄関は大家とは別です。 サロンには天窓、各部屋にも大きな窓があり採光抜群。風通しも良く、各部屋に空気循環機が設置してあります。 シャンプー、石鹸類はご持参願います。 夕食は共用スペースのダイニングに用意しています。ダイニングではみんなで、時にはこの家に以前住んでいた卒業生たちも遊びに来て和気あいあいといただいています。 お部屋で個人的に召し上がったり、帰宅が遅くなる場合にはお取り置きもできる自由なスタイルです。 とにかく活気のあるエリアなので、パリのいろいろな面が見られると思います。駅から家まで人通りが絶えず賑やかで、死角にはいる事がありません。 メトロ4・8・9号線が最寄りです。 オペラやシャトレへもメトロで5分以内、左岸へのアクセスも良いです。 日曜の夕食はお休みです。
8628		My flat is a cheerful 30m2, to have the full parisian experience : you are a 2 minutes walk away from Canal Saint Martin which is a great spot with cafés and bars. Connected to 4 metro lines, anywhere in the city is no more than 20 minutes away.
8629	Cet appartement pour 2 personnes est situé rue Gabriel Laumain, rue pavée du 10ème arrondissement à la limite des 2e et 9e arrondissements. Il est proche de différents quartiers touristiques : Montmartre, l’Opéra, République et le Canal Saint Martin. Au sud, le Quartier piéton de Montorgueil offre une multitude de boutiques, restaurants épiceries. . . Le Grand Rex, cinéma ayant le plus grand écran de Paris est à deux pas. Sur les Grands Boulevards vous trouverez les Grands magasins comme Le Printemps, Les Galeries Lafayette. . . Mais également de nombreux théâtres, le musée Grévin, un grand nombre de restaurants et de brasseries.	Situé rue Gabriel Laumain dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris - quartier Grands Boulevards, dans un immeuble parisien bourgeois, au 1er étage sans ascenseur. Cet appartement est situé dans une rue pavée très calme. Cet appartement pour 2 personnes est situé rue Gabriel Laumain, rue pavée du 10ème arrondissement à la limite des 2e et 9e arrondissements. Il est proche de différents quartiers touristiques : Montmartre, l’Opéra, République et le Canal Saint Martin. Au sud, le Quartier piéton de Montorgueil offre une multitude de boutiques, restaurants épiceries. . . Le Grand Rex, cinéma ayant le plus grand écran de Paris est à deux pas. Sur les Grands Boulevards vous trouverez les Grands magasins comme Le Printemps, Les Galeries Lafayette. . . Mais également de nombreux théâtres, le musée Grévin, un grand nombre de restaurants et de brasseries. Non fumeurs  Pas d'animaux acceptés À cheval sur plusieurs arrondissements de Paris, le quartier Grands Boulevards/Bonne Nouvelle est un coin trè
8630	Notre appartement de 35 m2, entièrement rénové, comprend tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour de charme au coeur de Paris. Vous pourrez vous y reposer avant de ressortir arpenter les rues de la capitale ou y cuisiner les bons produits achetés chez les commerçants du quartier. Idéalement situé. 	*Appartement très agréable, situé en pleins coeur de paris dans un quartier branché. *Ce 3 pièces entièrement rénové fin 2013 est très lumineux et accueillant.  Notre appartement de 35 m2, entièrement rénové, comprend tout le confort nécessaire pour un séjour de charme au coeur de Paris. Vous pourrez vous y reposer avant de ressortir arpenter les rues de la capitale ou y cuisiner les bons produits achetés chez les commerçants du quartier. Idéalement situé. Les voyageurs auront accès a tout l'appartement, une cuisine entièrement équipée (induction, four, bouilloire électrique et grille pain), une vrai salle de bain avec une baignoire avec douche, un WC,un lavabo, et un lave-linge, un salon confortable avec un canapé, un fauteuil, une table basse + 2 TV, accès internet et 2 chambres avec lits doubles (160/190) Je laisse aux voyageurs un guide avec nos coup de coeur des adresses insolites du quartier. Le 10e arrondissement est très en vogue en ce moment.  La station la plus proche est Bon
8631	A very spacious and bright flat, quiet, and with a nice view on Parisian roofs. Perfect location : between the Canal Saint-Martin and the Marais !	We offer a large room (30m2) for 3 people : 1 double sofa bed + 1 mattress. The apartment is bright and quiet (6th floor with elevator ). You will enjoy our kitchen and 2 bathrooms. Great location close to 6 metro lines (station : REPUBLIQUE). A very spacious and bright flat, quiet, and with a nice view on Parisian roofs. Perfect location : between the Canal Saint-Martin and the Marais ! You will have an easy access to the kitchen (well fitted out), to 2 bathrooms (1 bath + 1 shower) and to washing machine. We are four roomates, we speak English and we will be happy to share with you our favorite places in Paris : restaurants, clubs, museums, parks, ... 
8632		The perfect place to live as a parisian! A 30 m2 flat with an open kitchen on a living room, one bedroom and a cosy bathroom. Very bright, surrounded by restaurants and bars, near to Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord with many subway station around. 
8633	The Studio is quiet and has been recently renovated. You will have the possibility to prepare simple meals, even though the kitchen is not fully equipped, but still has a microwave, a hob and a fridge.  A nice little bathroom with a bathtub.  The linen (sheets and towels) is included.  Opportunity to sleep a third person (extra bed). Well located to visit Paris, bustling, near Republic. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later half of the day each Saturday, and all day on Sundays for your cycling and strolling pleasure. 	The Studio is quiet and has been recently renovated. You will have the possibility to prepare simple meals, even though the kitchen is not fully equipped, but still has a microwave, a hob and a fridge.  A nice little bathroom with a bathtub.  The linen (sheets and towels) is included.  Opportunity to sleep a third person (extra bed). Well located to visit Paris, bustling, near Republic. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later half of the day each Saturday, and all day on Sundays for your cycling and strolling pleasure. 
8634	Room for rent, sunny with south facing large balcony, 5th floor with elevator in a Haussmanian apartment (moldings, hardwood floors, former furniture). Self-service breakfast. Quiet building and street near Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord. Well served by public transport: direct to the Marais, Notre-Dame, Opera, famous department stores, Montmartre,... Bathroom and separate toilet shared with hosts. WIFI access, iron, hair dryer. Hosts available to give good addresses in Paris. Minimum stay of 2 nights. Check-in with limited hours on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday before 8:30, at 12:30 or after 18:30. No smoking except on the balcony. Unwanted animals. It is not allowed to cook nor to use washing machine or to extend drying clothes in the room. Room for 1 or 2 persons (optional for 3 or 4 people, a 2nd room is exceptionally put at the disposal)	Room for rent, sunny with south facing large balcony, 5th floor with elevator in a Haussmanian apartment (moldings, hardwood floors, former furniture). Self-service breakfast. Quiet building and street near Canal Saint-Martin and Gare du Nord. Well served by public transport: direct to the Marais, Notre-Dame, Opera, famous department stores, Montmartre,... Bathroom and separate toilet shared with hosts. WIFI access, iron, hair dryer. Hosts available to give good addresses in Paris. Minimum stay of 2 nights. Check-in with limited hours on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday before 8:30, at 12:30 or after 18:30. No smoking except on the balcony. Unwanted animals. It is not allowed to cook nor to use washing machine or to extend drying clothes in the room. Room for 1 or 2 persons (optional for 3 or 4 people, a 2nd room is exceptionally put at the disposal)
8635	With it's 60 sq. meters, this apartment can accommodate up to 6 people. There are 2 separate bedrooms (with 140x190cm beds) and a 3rd double sofa bed in the living area. 	This fully furnished and equipped cozy parisian apartment accomodates up to 6 people. Located one street away from the buzzing water Canal Saint-Martin with easy access to main central stations and different subway lines. A few steps from commerces. With it's 60 sq. meters, this apartment can accommodate up to 6 people. There are 2 separate bedrooms (with 140x190cm beds) and a 3rd double sofa bed in the living area.  The newly furnished and fully equipped apartment includes Wi-Fi Internet, TV/cable, washing machine, dishwasher, toaster, music player, landline telephone, linen (sheets, towels), ironing board/iron and hair dryer. You will be welcomed to the appartment by a friend at check in and check out times. For any other emergency, we will provide you with contact details. An eclectic and lively area with many nearby commerces. One street away from the shops, cafes, restaurants and cinemas of the water canal Saint-Martin. The Butte-Chaumont parc is at 10-15 min walk.  A 5 min ride a
8636	"Vous disposez en plus de la chambre d'un grand salon avec un canapé convertible en lit si vous avez des ""invités"". Il y a bien sur un accès wifi. L'appartement se situe au 1er étage avec ascenseur, il y a deux codes d'accès donc très bien securisé."	"Dans un appartement spacieux de 57m², 1 chambre avec lits doubles. Un grand salon avec un canapé/lit aussi, une salle de bain, wc et cuisine. Tout équipé : frigo, machine à laver, mirco ondes... quartier tranquille avec les transports juste à côté. Vous disposez en plus de la chambre d'un grand salon avec un canapé convertible en lit si vous avez des ""invités"". Il y a bien sur un accès wifi. L'appartement se situe au 1er étage avec ascenseur, il y a deux codes d'accès donc très bien securisé. L'ensemble de l'appartement est mis à disposition excepté la chambre de on colocataire. Quartier très proche de l'hyper centre de Paris, du bassin de la Vilette et du canal Saint Martin. Le quartier est très bien situé, nous sommes à 3 minutes à pieds du RER B et D, des lignes de métro 2,4 et 5 et de bus et stations velib."
8637	Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Montmartre neighborhood, 5 min walking from Pigalle and Anvers. Perfect location for two persons who like to discover the beautiful streets of Paris. Perfect to enjoy our delicious restaurants under the sun! The flat, situated on the first floor can accommodate five people. It includes two large bedrooms area with double bed, one bathroom and separate toilet, a kitchen totally equipped and a cosy living room with a sofa-bed.  Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave oven and fridge. You can contact me any time, I'm over-connected ;) Looking forward to welcoming you soon!	Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Montmartre neighborhood, 5 min walking from Pigalle and Anvers. Perfect location for two persons who like to discover the beautiful streets of Paris. Charming, bright and self-catering flat located in Montmartre neighborhood, 5 min walking from Pigalle and Anvers. Perfect location for two persons who like to discover the beautiful streets of Paris. Perfect to enjoy our delicious restaurants under the sun! The flat, situated on the first floor can accommodate five people. It includes two large bedrooms area with double bed, one bathroom and separate toilet, a kitchen totally equipped and a cosy living room with a sofa-bed.  Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave oven and fridge. You can contact me any time, I'm over-connected ;) Looking forward to welcoming you soon! Amenities include TV, wireless Internet, clock-radio, bed linen and bath towels, kitchenware, microwave ove
8638	Ambiance calme et lumière douce, lit confortable, cet appartement n'est que douceur et volupté. Proche de la vie et au centre de Paris, mais sans le bruit des voitures, l'une des rues les plus calme de Paris.  L'appartement n'a pas de vis à vis et une vue sur le Parc de St Louis, il vous faudra donc monter les 4 étages pour en profiter.  Bright, calm, comfortable bed, this apartment is sweet and relaxing. Close from the Parisian nightlife but away from the noise. One of the calmest street of Paris in the morning. No building opposite and a clear view on St Louis Parc, to enjoy it you will have to climb at 4th floor.	Studio à la cool de 28 m2, parfait pour deux tourtereaux, mais aussi cool pour deux Bro, deux copines. Pour deux quoi. Lumineux et cosy, simple et efficace. A deux pas du Canal, pratique pour prendre son petit dej' les pieds dans l'eau. 28 m2 cosy studio, perfect for lovers, friends or even by yourself. Sunny, simple and handy. Close from the Canal, perfect for a nice breakfast or a drink by the water. Ambiance calme et lumière douce, lit confortable, cet appartement n'est que douceur et volupté. Proche de la vie et au centre de Paris, mais sans le bruit des voitures, l'une des rues les plus calme de Paris.  L'appartement n'a pas de vis à vis et une vue sur le Parc de St Louis, il vous faudra donc monter les 4 étages pour en profiter.  Bright, calm, comfortable bed, this apartment is sweet and relaxing. Close from the Parisian nightlife but away from the noise. One of the calmest street of Paris in the morning. No building opposite and a clear view on St Louis Parc, to enjoy it you wil
8639	Located in the X arrondissement of Paris , very central area close to all the touristic sites.  Close to the gare du Nord (quick access to airports of Charles de Gaulle and Orly by RER B) and the Gare de l'Est.  In a very quiet residence , close to the canal saint martin, the studio located on the 2nd floor and overlooking courtyard quiet, of 18 M2  completely renovated with an independent bathroom with WC, kitchen corner. equipped with TV, microwave, Wifi Bed and towels linen provided Around the studio you will find a lot of nice restaurants, bars and shops, the backery near the residence is a very good one, you have also cheese shop. A 50 meters underground line 7 and of laundries self service  if you need more information please do not hesitate Georges	Located in the X arrondissement of Paris , very central area close to all the touristic sites.  Close to the gare du Nord (quick access to airports of Charles de Gaulle and Orly by RER B) and the Gare de l'Est.  In a very quiet residence , close to the canal saint martin, the studio located on the 2nd floor and overlooking courtyard quiet, of 18 M2  completely renovated with an independent bathroom with WC, kitchen corner. equipped with TV, microwave, Wifi Bed and towels linen provided Around the studio you will find a lot of nice restaurants, bars and shops, the backery near the residence is a very good one, you have also cheese shop. A 50 meters underground line 7 and of laundries self service  if you need more information please do not hesitate Georges
8640	Bel appartement haussmanien, idéalement situé, à deux pas du métro Gare de l'Est, et à 5 minutes du Canal St Martin.  Quartier sympa, nombreux magasins, bars, restaurants. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme. Pour 1 à 4 personnes.  Deux pièces: une chambre avec lit deux places très confortable, et un salon avec canapé-lit sur lequel peuvent dormir deux personnes en étant un peu serrées (cela peut tout à fait convenir pour des enfants).  Cuisine équipée: plaques et frigo (mais pas de four), vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine. Salle de bains avec douche et WC. 	Bel appartement haussmanien, idéalement situé, à deux pas du métro Gare de l'Est, et à 5 minutes du Canal St Martin.  Quartier sympa, nombreux magasins, bars, restaurants. L'appartement donne sur une cour très calme. Pour 1 à 4 personnes.  Deux pièces: une chambre avec lit deux places très confortable, et un salon avec canapé-lit sur lequel peuvent dormir deux personnes en étant un peu serrées (cela peut tout à fait convenir pour des enfants).  Cuisine équipée: plaques et frigo (mais pas de four), vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine. Salle de bains avec douche et WC.  Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont fournis.  Internet wifi.  Dans le 10e arrondissement de Paris, cet appartement est situé à moins de 5 minutes du Canal St-Martin, et à 10 minutes de la place de la République. Vous y trouverez de nombreux cafés, bars, restaurants et boutiques, ainsi que de très beaux lieux où se promener. - Gare de l'Est (Lignes 4,5,7 + RER E) - 2 minutes à pied - Métro Jaques Bonsergent (Ligne 5) - 
8641	Our apartment is a classic Parisian apartment (Hausman Style), with two rooms, one spacious living room, a bathroom and a kitchen. We live in a quiet and charming building in the north of Paris.a classic Parisian apartment (Hausman Style), with two rooms, one spacious living room, a bathroom and a kitchen. We live in a quiet and charming building in the north of Paris.	Typical Parisian apartment (Hausman style), spacious and shiny, ideal for a family of 4          Our apartment is a classic Parisian apartment (Hausman Style), with two rooms, one spacious living room, a bathroom and a kitchen. We live in a quiet and charming building in the north of Paris.a classic Parisian apartment (Hausman Style), with two rooms, one spacious living room, a bathroom and a kitchen. We live in a quiet and charming building in the north of Paris. You will have access to the whole apartment. We won't be in Paris during your stay, but feel free to reach out should you have any questions. We live a few subway stations away from the Père Lachaise, Montmartre and Bastille. You will be charmed by a promenade on the Canal Saint Martin between la Villette and Republique. We think that the best cafés and restaurants are in the 10th and 11th arrondissement of Paris. From the Airports, you can take the direct line (RER B) to Paris and stop at Gare du Nord, which is at walking di
8642		Grand appartement calme au coeur de Paris. Peut accueillir 2, 4 ou 6 personnes, amis ou famille avec jeunes enfants. Maison facile à vivre tout équipée, avec commerces proches. très bien desservi, bus, métro pour rejoindre tous les coins de Paris.
8643	Situé au 7, rue Sainte Apolline à Paris 3 (dans le Haut Marais entre Réaumur Sébastopol et Rue Saint Martin) sécurisé (double digicode à l’entrée), l’appartement est lumineux (3,40 de Hauteur sous Plafond, 1er étage sans ascenseur) et calme (voie piétonne, sauf riverains, à sens unique, en retrait des axes principaux). Entièrement neuf, composé d'une chambre, d'un séjour et d'une cuisine indépendante, cet appartement d’une superficie de 35 m² est entièrement neuf, travaux de septembre 2014 et équipé de 2 couchages (canapé lit +lit). Entièrement équipé et meublé, cet appartement est à louer pour des périodes de 2/3 mois mais également à la semaine. Il se compose : - d’une cuisine entièrement équipée (frigidaire avec bac à glace, micro-onde/four, plaques céramiques, vaisselle et nécessaires de cuisine), - d‘un séjour avec canapé (pouvant être convertible), table basse et TV , écran plat 30 pouces, internet haut débit, -d’une chambre (lit 160/200, literie Bultex), - d’une salle de douche/	Situé au 7, rue Sainte Apolline à Paris 3 (dans le Haut Marais entre Réaumur Sébastopol et Rue Saint Martin) sécurisé (double digicode à l’entrée), l’appartement est lumineux (3,40 m de Hauteur sous Plafond, 1er étage sans ascenseur) et calme.  Situé au 7, rue Sainte Apolline à Paris 3 (dans le Haut Marais entre Réaumur Sébastopol et Rue Saint Martin) sécurisé (double digicode à l’entrée), l’appartement est lumineux (3,40 de Hauteur sous Plafond, 1er étage sans ascenseur) et calme (voie piétonne, sauf riverains, à sens unique, en retrait des axes principaux). Entièrement neuf, composé d'une chambre, d'un séjour et d'une cuisine indépendante, cet appartement d’une superficie de 35 m² est entièrement neuf, travaux de septembre 2014 et équipé de 2 couchages (canapé lit +lit). Entièrement équipé et meublé, cet appartement est à louer pour des périodes de 2/3 mois mais également à la semaine. Il se compose : - d’une cuisine entièrement équipée (frigidaire avec bac à glace, micro-onde/four, 
8644	The flat is a really nice coccon, really quiet and on the top floor,  nicely decorated, perfect for a romantic trip for a couple, a business trip or for two friends who wants to visit Paris from a trendy area but sleeping in a quiet street. The kitchen is fully equiped, and you have also a washing machine, a large flat TV, and the wi-fi. The building is very secure with code and interphone. This is the first time we rent our appartment, please be careful with him !!	Between the Canal and Republique, very quiet one bedroom top floor (elevator), flowered balconies with view on Paris rooftops & Sacred Heart Church, central and great area. 5 tube lines at 2mn walk (Republique), lots of shops/bars/ restaurants The flat is a really nice coccon, really quiet and on the top floor,  nicely decorated, perfect for a romantic trip for a couple, a business trip or for two friends who wants to visit Paris from a trendy area but sleeping in a quiet street. The kitchen is fully equiped, and you have also a washing machine, a large flat TV, and the wi-fi. The building is very secure with code and interphone. This is the first time we rent our appartment, please be careful with him !! You have access to the full flat : one bedroom, one living room with an open kitchen, one bathroom and one separated WC and two balconies. We are renting our flat when we are out of town. We are available by email to give you any advices or answer to your questions. We leave a list of
8645	Ce 2 pièces meublé de 32m2 se trouve dans un ancien immeuble rénové face à l’hôpital Saint Louis (sans vis à vis). Il dispose d'une grande chambre, cuisine toute équipée et d'une salle de bain séparé. Il est très lumineux, très calme au troisième étage (avec ascenseur), dans le quartier Canal Saint Martin, proche tous commerces. C'est le quartier le plus alternatif de Paris également appelé BoBo, très apprécié par les artistes et les designers. Vous pouvez trouver beaucoup des lieux & restaurants à la mode (à deux pas du mythique Hôtel du Nord). Il est très agréable se promener tout au long du canal pendant le week-end lorsque les routes sont fermées à la circulation ! Métro: République, Jacques Bonsergent, Goncourt, Colonel Fabien. 7 minutes à pied pour rejoindre la place de la République, 10 pour le Marais et 20 minutes pour l'Hôtel de Ville, 10 minutes en métro pour rejoindre Montmartre.  Également dans le prix est compris:  Internet-wifi  Enceintes Ipod/Iphone Electricité  Seche ch	Ce 2 pièces meublé de 32m2 se trouve dans un ancien immeuble rénové face à l’hôpital Saint Louis (sans vis à vis). Il dispose d'une grande chambre, cuisine toute équipée et d'une salle de bain séparé. Il est très lumineux, très calme au troisième étage (avec ascenseur), dans le quartier Canal Saint Martin, proche tous commerces. C'est le quartier le plus alternatif de Paris également appelé BoBo, très apprécié par les artistes et les designers. Vous pouvez trouver beaucoup des lieux & restaurants à la mode (à deux pas du mythique Hôtel du Nord). Il est très agréable se promener tout au long du canal pendant le week-end lorsque les routes sont fermées à la circulation ! Métro: République, Jacques Bonsergent, Goncourt, Colonel Fabien. 7 minutes à pied pour rejoindre la place de la République, 10 pour le Marais et 20 minutes pour l'Hôtel de Ville, 10 minutes en métro pour rejoindre Montmartre.  Également dans le prix est compris:  Internet-wifi  Enceintes Ipod/Iphone Electricité  Seche ch
8646		Grande chambre avec un lit 2 places de 160cm avec un coin bureau et un petit coin lecture. Possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie (disponible sur place). Pièce très lumineuse.  Appartement idéalement situé au pied du Canal Saint Martin. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement mis à part une seconde chambre que j'occupe. Je serais ravie de vous donner quelques adresses et bons plans. Le charme du Canal Saint Martin, en plein cœur de Paris. Quartier piétons les dimanches et jours fériés. Différentes stations de métro à proximité de l'appartement : Château Landon, Louis Blanc et Colonel Fabien. J'ai un chat très sociable qui cohabite avec moi.
8647		Joli studio de 30 m2 sur le Canal St Martin; il est composé d'une grande pièce avec une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée,un canapé-lit (gros matelas couchage quotidien), un coin bureau, une grande penderie,TV, internet, salle de douche avec toilet
8648	Logement au dernier étage  avec une vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Proche Metro & Gare du nord 	Cosy and very bright rooms. The appartment is in the 10th disctrict, near Gare de Nord (Ligne 4, 5, rer B, D and E),and la chapelle Station (Ligne 2). Very close to Montmartre ( 2 métros stations ).6th floor with elevator
8649		Petit pied a terre parisien dans un des quartiers les plus authentique de Paris , situé a 2 pas du métro , de stations de velib et des 2 gares ( est et nord ) .Paradis pour les amateurs de streetfood du monde entier et noctambule !
8650	The flat is fully equipped with bath towels, linens and kitchen and bathroom necessities (fridge & freezer, hotplates, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, juicer, kettle,  hair-drier, washing machine, ironer...). The first room is a kitchen with a dining table for 4 to 6 people. The spacious and bright living room is equipped with a desk, a coffee table, and a sofa which can be transformed in a big double bed very easily. You will although find a large TV with more than 200 channels in the living room. The bedroom has a double bed, a big cupboard and another TV with same channels. The flat has a separated bathroom with bathtub & shower. WC are independent from the bathroom. WIFI is available in all the apartment. Double glazed windows throughout the apartment.	Lovely 60 square meters (645 sq. feet) apartment with 3 rooms, located in the center of Paris, next to 4 subway lines and 2 train station and near the best points of interest in Paris (Montmartre, Opera, Louvre, Madeleine, Lafayette, ...) The flat is fully equipped with bath towels, linens and kitchen and bathroom necessities (fridge & freezer, hotplates, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee maker, toaster, juicer, kettle,  hair-drier, washing machine, ironer...). The first room is a kitchen with a dining table for 4 to 6 people. The spacious and bright living room is equipped with a desk, a coffee table, and a sofa which can be transformed in a big double bed very easily. You will although find a large TV with more than 200 channels in the living room. The bedroom has a double bed, a big cupboard and another TV with same channels. The flat has a separated bathroom with bathtub & shower. WC are independent from the bathroom. WIFI is available in all the apartment. Double glazed windows th
8651	Appartement sur cour au calme	Appartement sur cour au calme Wifi, machine a laver, Tv  Gare de l'Est 10mn Gare du Nord 5 mn Autolib Velib Métro Gare de l'Est 
8652	This beautiful family apartment can accommodate up to eight people. It will charm you with it sober yet original decoration, inspired by the most beautiful castles. Perfectly equipped, it is located in the Grands Boulevards, a very vibrant area. It’s an old but beautiful building, the apartment is on the 1st floor directly accessible by the elevator, it has a great light thanks to its windows, and it also faces the street and the courtyard. This large 3-bedroom-apartment offers comfort and quality, with its wooden herringbone pattern floor and its molded ceiling. The large entrance leads on one side to equipped kitchen with an over, a gas stove, a dishwasher, the washing machine and the clothe dryer. A little table and several cupboards complete this tidy living space. The separated WC is on the corridor. On the other side of the apartment, there is the living room with a dining table, a 140 cm sofa bed, a TV and a stylish chimney.  3 bedrooms are spread around the living room. The 1st	This beautiful family apartment can accommodate up to eight people. It will charm you with it sober yet original decoration, inspired by the most beautiful castles. Perfectly equipped, it is located in the Grands Boulevards, a very vibrant area. It’s an old but beautiful building, the apartment is on the 1st floor directly accessible by the elevator, it has a great light thanks to its windows, and it also faces the street and the courtyard. This large 3-bedroom-apartment offers comfort and quality, with its wooden herringbone pattern floor and its molded ceiling. The large entrance leads on one side to equipped kitchen with an over, a gas stove, a dishwasher, the washing machine and the clothe dryer. A little table and several cupboards complete this tidy living space. The separated WC is on the corridor. On the other side of the apartment, there is the living room with a dining table, a 140 cm sofa bed, a TV and a stylish chimney.  3 bedrooms are spread around the living room. The 1st
8653	The apartment consists of: - A Living-room with a sofa. A flat screen TV, large windows. Wifi. - A Bedroom with a large bed, 1 closet, large windows, iron, piano (to use with caution). - A Bathroom with shower (clean towels and hairdryer provided) - A Toilet separated from bathroom. - A fully equipped kitchen with stove, fridge, oven, toaster, washer machine. All the utensils needed: pots, pans, cutlery, plates and cups. 	This is a newly renovated lovely 1 bedroom apartment in a up and coming neighborhood, with café, bakeries, restaurants, supermarkets and shopping within a walking distance. Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord are 2 min away. Canal Saint martin is 5mn away. The apartment consists of: - A Living-room with a sofa. A flat screen TV, large windows. Wifi. - A Bedroom with a large bed, 1 closet, large windows, iron, piano (to use with caution). - A Bathroom with shower (clean towels and hairdryer provided) - A Toilet separated from bathroom. - A fully equipped kitchen with stove, fridge, oven, toaster, washer machine. All the utensils needed: pots, pans, cutlery, plates and cups. You will have a very easy access to every great places you need to see in Paris:   - Subway Station Gare de l'Est et Gare du Nord (line 4, 5, 7 RER B, D, E) is at 2 minutes away. - Strasbourg Saint-Denis: Subway line 8 The apartment will be all yours; I will only come to give you the keys at the check in.
8654	The big bedroom and the living room have a lot of sunlight and are cosy, perfect to feel at home. Even though it is located at the heart of the busy city of Paris, the area is quiet and there is hardly any traffic. So, you won't be awake by cars or noisy neighbourhood. The balcony is really nice to chill out and sense the atmosphere of Paris! yes, you can spot some cats walking on the roofs at times :)  We will be super happy to give you tips and hints for your stay in Paris!	You will have a great stay in this cosy flat in the heart of Paris! From the balcony, you will enjoy the view on the roofs and get a grip of the Parisian atmosphere... The big bedroom and the living room have a lot of sunlight and are cosy, perfect to feel at home. Even though it is located at the heart of the busy city of Paris, the area is quiet and there is hardly any traffic. So, you won't be awake by cars or noisy neighbourhood. The balcony is really nice to chill out and sense the atmosphere of Paris! yes, you can spot some cats walking on the roofs at times :)  We will be super happy to give you tips and hints for your stay in Paris! - wifi - washing-machine - balcony - lift - microwave - oven I do speak English. At least, I spent a few months in New York and one year in Sydney :) I will be more than happy to help you to discover nice areas in Paris! The neighborhood is special:  - my street is very quiet but once you go further it's full of people night and day - you are very c
8655	Apartment (20-25 m2) located in the center of Paris, on the area Grands Boulevards.  Located on the 4th floor of a building overlooking a a quiet and sunny courtyard.  Fully furnished, large living room with double bed, TV, Playstation 3, Internet access, many storage spaces and an sofa. A separate fully equipped kitchen with fridge / freezer, grill, hob, blender, coffee maker, dishes, raclette, etc.. A bathroom with tub and toilet. Sheets and towels provided. A ten minute walk from Montmartre and department stores. Apartment ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. 	Apartment (20-25 m2) located in the center of Paris, on the area Grands Boulevards.  Located on the 4th floor of a building overlooking a a quiet and sunny courtyard.  Fully furnished, large living room with double bed, TV, Playstation 3, Internet access, many storage spaces and an sofa. A separate fully equipped kitchen with fridge / freezer, grill, hob, blender, coffee maker, dishes, raclette, etc.. A bathroom with tub and toilet. Sheets and towels provided. A ten minute walk from Montmartre and department stores. Apartment ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. 
8656	Our home is a beautifull, sunny & cosy apartment of 80 square meter, on rue des Vinaigriers, in the hype area of Canal St Martin in the center of Paris, very comfortable and well decorated on the second floor of an old building from 1870 . You will enjoy the large corner living room with our home cinema screen, a very calm bedroom with an amazingly comfortable high quality bed and pillows, a fully equiped kitchen, and a luxury design bathroom with bathtub and rain shower. Live a real Parisian experience in the bohemian and trendy area of Canal St Martin : -  romantic and bucolic ballad along the canal by foot or by bicycle. FYI : you can rent bikes (Vélib) through the sharing parisian bike system. One of the station is in our street and all over Paris of course. - discover a lot of very nice cafés and tasty restaurants (see our selection). - cool stores to shop clothes and books.  Between Gare de L'est and the newly renovated Place de la République you are very closed to several must s	Nice apartment of 80 m2 in the hype area of Canal St Martin.Very comfortable and well decorated. large corner living room with home cinema. a very calm bedroom with an amazingly comfortable high quality bed, a fully equiped kitchen, and a luxury design bathroom with bathtub and shower. including in the price : 2x2 hours of cleaning per week by our maid.
8657	*** Available from 9 to 21 august *** You want to live like a Parisian family in a large and central flat ?.. Our 3 bedrooms family flat of 110 sqm for 4/6 people, on the second floor (with a lift) of a beautiful building dating back to 1830 will be perfect for you :) *** The flat : - 3 separated bedrooms (1 with a double bed 140x190, 1 with a convertible sofa for regular sleeping 130 x 180, 1 with a single bed plus one matress plus one or two baby beds) - 1 bathroom with a bath + a shower (washing / drying machine) - 1 separated toilets - 1 full equiped kitchen (coffee machine, oven, baby cook,...) - 1 large living room with a dining room, TV flat screen,  DVD player - 1 small balcony (it is possible for 2 people to eat there, or smoke) *** The localisation : The flat is located downtown: - Located 50 m from subway stations Strasbourg St Denis / Bonne Nouvelle (3 lines of subway : 4, 8, 9) - 2 stops from la Gare du Nord, 1 stop from Gare de l'Est - 50 m from rue du Faubourg St Denis w	*** Available from 9 to 21 august *** You want to live like a Parisian family in a large and central flat ?.. Our 3 bedrooms family flat of 110 sqm for 4/6 people, on the second floor (with a lift) of a beautiful building dating back to 1830 will be perfect for you :) *** The flat : - 3 separated bedrooms (1 with a double bed 140x190, 1 with a convertible sofa for regular sleeping 130 x 180, 1 with a single bed plus one matress plus one or two baby beds) - 1 bathroom with a bath + a shower (washing / drying machine) - 1 separated toilets - 1 full equiped kitchen (coffee machine, oven, baby cook,...) - 1 large living room with a dining room, TV flat screen,  DVD player - 1 small balcony (it is possible for 2 people to eat there, or smoke) *** The localisation : The flat is located downtown: - Located 50 m from subway stations Strasbourg St Denis / Bonne Nouvelle (3 lines of subway : 4, 8, 9) - 2 stops from la Gare du Nord, 1 stop from Gare de l'Est - 50 m from rue du Faubourg St Denis w
8658	Modern flat  in the city center of Paris (10th district), totally renoved,quiet and bright. The flat is composed of a big living room with an opened kitchen and a bedroom. It is really enjoyable because the sun shines until the sunset. The flat is fully equiped : TV Washing machine Hair dryer Fridge Freezer Oven Microwave Expresso machine Dish washer Ideal location, 15 minutes away by foot from Chatelet and Opera (Bus from the airport) and 20min away from Montmartre and The Canal Saint Martin. The famous Folie Bergères cabaret is 5 minutes away. You can enjoy live shows. In our street, you will find 2 bakeries. The Grands Boulevards are just around the corner. You will find there several restaurants, bars and groceries stores. Ideal to enjoy the Capital because near the appartement you can find: Bus 48 and 39 , Metro Bonne Nouvelle (8 et 9), Strasbourg Saint Denis (4), Poissonnière (7).  Sheets included. We are looking forward to welcome you and hope that you will enjoy your stay in pa	Modern flat  in the city center of Paris (10th district), totally renoved,quiet and bright. The flat is composed of a big living room with an opened kitchen and a bedroom. It is really enjoyable because the sun shines until the sunset. The flat is fully equiped : TV Washing machine Hair dryer Fridge Freezer Oven Microwave Expresso machine Dish washer Ideal location, 15 minutes away by foot from Chatelet and Opera (Bus from the airport) and 20min away from Montmartre and The Canal Saint Martin. The famous Folie Bergères cabaret is 5 minutes away. You can enjoy live shows. In our street, you will find 2 bakeries. The Grands Boulevards are just around the corner. You will find there several restaurants, bars and groceries stores. Ideal to enjoy the Capital because near the appartement you can find: Bus 48 and 39 , Metro Bonne Nouvelle (8 et 9), Strasbourg Saint Denis (4), Poissonnière (7).  Sheets included. We are looking forward to welcome you and hope that you will enjoy your stay in pa
8659	The particularity and charm of our appartment : all the rooms are oriented South exposed on a balcony, even the (email hidden)e flat is very bright and luminous. It is a of 55 square meters (590 square feet) composed by an entrance, wc separated, a corridor, a bathroom (wash and dryer), one bedroom with a king size bed and a large living room with a large convertible couch, an office corner, the dinner place and the kitchen (wash dinnerware, oven, fridge, freezer). On the balconny, a lot of flowers, strawberries, 3 lemontrees, a little olive tree, 2 groseillers and a lot of plants There is a bakery in the street and the nearest supermarket is located less than1 minute walking distance. It is close to the sacred heart, the canal Saint-Martin, the galeries Lafayettes METRO Lines 4,5 and 7 direct to the airports Charles De Gaulle and Orly with navette or RER BUSES A lot of buses from the 2 stations :  (phone number hidden) from gare de l’est and lines (phone number hidden) from gare du No	The particularity and charm of our appartment : all the rooms are oriented South exposed on a balcony, even the (email hidden)e flat is very bright and luminous. It is a of 55 square meters (590 square feet) composed by an entrance, wc separated, a corridor, a bathroom (wash and dryer), one bedroom with a king size bed and a large living room with a large convertible couch, an office corner, the dinner place and the kitchen (wash dinnerware, oven, fridge, freezer). On the balconny, a lot of flowers, strawberries, 3 lemontrees, a little olive tree, 2 groseillers and a lot of plants There is a bakery in the street and the nearest supermarket is located less than1 minute walking distance. It is close to the sacred heart, the canal Saint-Martin, the galeries Lafayettes METRO Lines 4,5 and 7 direct to the airports Charles De Gaulle and Orly with navette or RER BUSES A lot of buses from the 2 stations :  (phone number hidden) from gare de l’est and lines (phone number hidden) from gare du No
8660	"The apartment is situated in the district "" Soho Parisian"", you have access to a multitude of culinary choices coming from the whole world, from the small bars / brasseries in the corner of every street, it is an alive and very central district where prosper numerous businesses and atypical places. Here, you can make your French-style shopping, go to the organic market, at the baker with a wide choice of croissants and similar products and special breads, the fishmonger with fresh fishes, special butchers, a renowned cheese dairy, and of good cellarmen!  But also, the district remained very cosmopolitan, with all the world food: a desire for Greek feta cheese, for an Italian burrata, for Syrian Fallafels, for Turkish specialities, for delicatessen of the Eastern Europe, for french spices, Corsica or from the whole world... That you want to eat kosher or typically local, you will have only some steps to be made :) You can make your shopping and cook in the apartment or take your meals o"	"The apartment is situated in the district "" Soho Parisian"", you have access to a multitude of culinary choices coming from the whole world, from the small bars / brasseries in the corner of every street, it is an alive and very central district where prosper numerous businesses and atypical places. Here, you can make your French-style shopping, go to the organic market, at the baker with a wide choice of croissants and similar products and special breads, the fishmonger with fresh fishes, special butchers, a renowned cheese dairy, and of good cellarmen!  But also, the district remained very cosmopolitan, with all the world food: a desire for Greek feta cheese, for an Italian burrata, for Syrian Fallafels, for Turkish specialities, for delicatessen of the Eastern Europe, for french spices, Corsica or from the whole world... That you want to eat kosher or typically local, you will have only some steps to be made :) You can make your shopping and cook in the apartment or take your meals o"
8661	"While it's definitely not the Ritz, it is an affordable and practical place to settle down during your solo trip to Paris. With a friend? We can provide an extra air mattress (at an extra cost) to accommodate them.  If you're looking to cook, there is a standard cooking area equipped with a mini-fridge, 2 hot plates, a sink and microwave, in addition to all the pans, pots, cutlery and dishes you'll need to make yourself some hearty meals.  The area itself is quite unique, being right on a street or ""alley"" that is lined with pedestrians roaming the various restaurants and cafés scattered across the area.  While not a luxurious place, it's not a bad place to call home while you're out exploring this magnificent metropolis."	"This private nook will make a great place for the solo adventurer or traveler looking for a convenient place to crash. Outside the front door, you'll find yourself in the ""Cour des Petites Écuries"" that is lined with cafés & restaurants. While it's definitely not the Ritz, it is an affordable and practical place to settle down during your solo trip to Paris. With a friend? We can provide an extra air mattress (at an extra cost) to accommodate them.  If you're looking to cook, there is a standard cooking area equipped with a mini-fridge, 2 hot plates, a sink and microwave, in addition to all the pans, pots, cutlery and dishes you'll need to make yourself some hearty meals.  The area itself is quite unique, being right on a street or ""alley"" that is lined with pedestrians roaming the various restaurants and cafés scattered across the area.  While not a luxurious place, it's not a bad place to call home while you're out exploring this magnificent metropolis. About Paris: Even if this is y"
8662	Très agréable et lumineux, il est fonctionnel. Situé dans une rue calme vous pourrez profité de la vie nocturne du quartier sans être dérangé 	Cosy and newly renovated studio, located in the hart of Paris, you can discover easily the city by foot, metro or bus 15min by walk to the Marais or Montmartre 2min from the metro Perfect for a couple, nice restaurants and bars are nearby Gare de l Est 2 min by foot lines 5, 7, 4 Republique 10 min by foot lines 5, 3, 8, 9
8663	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, apartements are close to centers of interest like the canal Saint Martin or the Pompidou centre. They are really reachable with many common transports and the train stations : gare du Nord and gare de l'Est. We refurbished these apartments taking care of the modern comfort and respect of the typical Parisian style. Household linens are furnished and we are making the staples (olive oil, salt, pepper, shampoo, liquid soap...) available for you. 	Very nice apartment in a so parisian corner. 2 minutes walking from canal Saint Martin. Our apartment is very quiet, confortable and well furnished. Indeed we are living here with our two daughters. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, apartements are close to centers of interest like the canal Saint Martin or the Pompidou centre. They are really reachable with many common transports and the train stations : gare du Nord and gare de l'Est. We refurbished these apartments taking care of the modern comfort and respect of the typical Parisian style. Household linens are furnished and we are making the staples (olive oil, salt, pepper, shampoo, liquid soap...) available for you.  Métro gare de l'Est : ligne 4,5,7 Bus : (phone number hidden)
8664	Full of light comfortable and spacious, fully furnished, this apartment is composed of - living-room with sofa (can be converted into a double-bed), dining table and small kitchen - bed-room with the double-bed, dressing and some toys for children. It can welcome 4 adults on 2 double-beds.  The apartment has a bathroom with a shower cabin combined with toilettes. This property includes high speed wifi internet. 	This elegant and cosy 2-rooms typical parisien apartment brings together comfort and calm. Newly renovated, it combines very modern style and old typical french decoration. Centrally located in the heart of most popular parisian areas.    Full of light comfortable and spacious, fully furnished, this apartment is composed of - living-room with sofa (can be converted into a double-bed), dining table and small kitchen - bed-room with the double-bed, dressing and some toys for children. It can welcome 4 adults on 2 double-beds.  The apartment has a bathroom with a shower cabin combined with toilettes. This property includes high speed wifi internet. The appartement is situated in one of the most popular Parisien areas, between Belleville and Republique.  Here around you will have best trendy bars, restaurants and boutique. This area is mostly populated with young creative class and is considered as newly established bohemian place. I will be happy to advise you best places in the neighborh
8665	"Dear Guest, Discover a new side of Paris. The 10th Arrondissement around the Canal Saint Martin offers authentic charm. Here you will find trendy boutiques and bars, insider restaurants and of course the Canal Saint Martin, who became a meeting place for Parisians. With a lot of love we have completely restored a second apartment. (Our first apartment you can find under the name: ""Apartment Canal St. Martin. "" Our apartment for two people located on the second floor, has a modern bathroom with Italian shower, a kitchen equipped with microwave, hot plates, kettle, coffee machine and a sofa bed with high comfort. In addition, we offer you in our apartment a dining table, wireless, cable television and electric blinds. The apartment is located in a quiet street, 50 meters from the Canal Saint Martin. Close by is a supermarket, a ""Velib station (bike rental) and the 75th bus. Within walking distance you can reach underground stations République (line 3,5,8,9,11) ,Goncourt (11) and Jacques "	"Dear Guest, Discover a new side of Paris. The 10th Arrondissement around the Canal Saint Martin offers authentic charm. Here you will find trendy boutiques and bars, insider restaurants and of course the Canal Saint Martin, who became a meeting place for Parisians. With a lot of love we have completely restored a second apartment. (Our first apartment you can find under the name: ""Apartment Canal St. Martin. "" Our apartment for two people located on the second floor, has a modern bathroom with Italian shower, a kitchen equipped with microwave, hot plates, kettle, coffee machine and a sofa bed with high comfort. In addition, we offer you in our apartment a dining table, wireless, cable television and electric blinds. The apartment is located in a quiet street, 50 meters from the Canal Saint Martin. Close by is a supermarket, a ""Velib station (bike rental) and the 75th bus. Within walking distance you can reach underground stations République (line 3,5,8,9,11) ,Goncourt (11) and Jacques "
8666	Open Space Double exposure (South + North)	"Appartement au 6ème étage (plein sud / double exposition / Ascenseur jusqu'au 5ème étage) 50m2 style open-space (cuisine ""américaine"" - chambre séparée - sdb indépendante) Gare du Nord (RER, métros, taxis) et commerces de proximités Open Space Double exposure (South + North) Fully equiped appartment : - WIFI + TV - towels and linen - Waching machine + Iron  ... During your stay here :  NO PARTIES ALLOWED ! NO COMMERCIAL ACTIVITIES OF ANY KIND ALLOWDED IN THE APPARTMENT !! Just at the corner of GARE DU NORD Station (Metro ligne 4  and 5 / RER connection to ROISSY and ORLY Airport / EUROSTAR / ...) All facilities are close (Supermarket, Boulangerie with very good ""french croissants"" !!) Walkable distance to MONTMARTRE, PIGALLE, BARBES ..."
8667	Large room with separate bathroom and toilet. 2 places bed, bathroom with sink and shower, private toilet. WIFI. This room is a loft of 170 m2, the careful decoration and comfort. To see more photos, go see the ad for the whole apartment: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1172900 Linens are provided, the bed is made and linen is provided. A bakery affects our building which is very convenient to buy fresh bread and croissants for breakfast. Two small supermarkets in the street with a right in front of the house and down the street, Saint-Quentin, a large open all day and Sunday morning where you will find fresh produce (cheese, meat market hall, fish, vegetables and many specialties). The apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, Place Franz Liszt, surrounded by bars and restaurants. If you bike, while Paris is at your feet.   It is close to the Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys), the Gare de l'Est and Poisonnière Metro. Many tourist areas are within walking distance as Montmartre (Sa	Large room with separate bathroom and toilet. 2 places bed, bathroom with sink and shower, private toilet. WIFI. This room is a loft of 170 m2, the careful decoration and comfort. To see more photos, go see the ad for the whole apartment: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1172900 Linens are provided, the bed is made and linen is provided. A bakery affects our building which is very convenient to buy fresh bread and croissants for breakfast. Two small supermarkets in the street with a right in front of the house and down the street, Saint-Quentin, a large open all day and Sunday morning where you will find fresh produce (cheese, meat market hall, fish, vegetables and many specialties). The apartment is ideally located in the heart of Paris, Place Franz Liszt, surrounded by bars and restaurants. If you bike, while Paris is at your feet.   It is close to the Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys), the Gare de l'Est and Poisonnière Metro. Many tourist areas are within walking distance as Montmartre (Sa
8668		It's a beautiful 66th square meter loft 1mn from Gare du Nord (Eurostar and Thalys) easy to go absolutely everywhere in metro. It's atypic, full of art, books, photo, paintings and most important, filled with sun.   
8669	L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine indépendante et de deux chambres (une avec un grand lit et une avec un lit bébé. Nous avons des matelas supplémentaires pour pouvoir accueillir 4 adultes au total), une salle de bain, des WC séparés et un balcon. L'appartement est très calme et se trouve dans une résidence moderne. The flat has one big living room, a separated kitchen, two bedrooms (one with a double bed and a baby room. We have extra matress so you can have 4 adults sleeping.), one bathroom, separated WC and a balcony. The flat is very quiet and is located in a very modern building.	Appartement confortable et idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris, à deux pas de nombreux restaurants, parcs et stations de métro. Comfortable apartment, perfectly located to discover Paris, very close to restaurants, green areas & metro stations. L'appartement est composé d'un grand salon, d'une cuisine indépendante et de deux chambres (une avec un grand lit et une avec un lit bébé. Nous avons des matelas supplémentaires pour pouvoir accueillir 4 adultes au total), une salle de bain, des WC séparés et un balcon. L'appartement est très calme et se trouve dans une résidence moderne. The flat has one big living room, a separated kitchen, two bedrooms (one with a double bed and a baby room. We have extra matress so you can have 4 adults sleeping.), one bathroom, separated WC and a balcony. The flat is very quiet and is located in a very modern building. L'accès le plus proche se fait par le métro Colonel Fabien (Ligne 2) ou Château Landon (ligne 7). L'immeuble est sur une place piétonne fa
8670	This studio is very tastefully decorated and has a great feel to the city. It has a double bed and a sofa that can be arranged as a twin bed, more suitable for a child or teenager. The kitchenette is well equipped. Located on a 5th floor of a very traditional building in Paris, with an elevator. The price for 2 guests is 90 Euros/ night. The price for 3 guests is 100 Euros/night.	An exquisite studio for up to 2 adult guests and 1 child in a great location. This studio is very tastefully decorated and has a great feel to the city. It has a double bed and a sofa that can be arranged as a twin bed, more suitable for a child or teenager. The kitchenette is well equipped. Located on a 5th floor of a very traditional building in Paris, with an elevator. The price for 2 guests is 90 Euros/ night. The price for 3 guests is 100 Euros/night. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance at an extra cost of €2,50 for bath towels and €1,50 for hand towels. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as
8671	This amazing casual and flowery flat fits perfectly for families . It is very spacious (110m²) and situated in the 10th district of Paris, on the second floor of the building.  The living room is spacious and there are many sofas in which you can soothe. :) The wifi is include The atmosphere of the flat is friendly and we feel very well into those walls.  There are 3 bedrooms and 4 beds, two beds are double beds and the two others are simple beds. The house can thus welcome 5 persons. Each room has its own design and atmosphere.  There are two bathrooms, and one bathroom is in a bedroom, you will find a shower in it. Concerning the other bathroom you will have to share it, there is a bathtub for people who enjoy long and bubble baths.   The open kitchen is fully equipped with (microwave, washing machine, crokery, oven etc...).  Towels, household linen, pillowcases, shampoo and shower gel are provided. :) The nearest metro station is Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 8 et 9).   If you need any othe	This amazing casual and flowery flat fits perfectly for families or friends. It is very spacious (110m²) and high : 5m high ceilings and large windows. there are 4 beds.  Located in the 10th district of Paris, on the second floor of a nice building. This amazing casual and flowery flat fits perfectly for families . It is very spacious (110m²) and situated in the 10th district of Paris, on the second floor of the building.  The living room is spacious and there are many sofas in which you can soothe. :) The wifi is include The atmosphere of the flat is friendly and we feel very well into those walls.  There are 3 bedrooms and 4 beds, two beds are double beds and the two others are simple beds. The house can thus welcome 5 persons. Each room has its own design and atmosphere.  There are two bathrooms, and one bathroom is in a bedroom, you will find a shower in it. Concerning the other bathroom you will have to share it, there is a bathtub for people who enjoy long and bubble baths.   The
8672	Bright and large living room with open fully equiped kitchen and a dining table Queen size bed in a cosy bedroom upstairs	Rooftops view in the center of Paris, fully equiped and renovated by architect! Modern and cosy 40M2 apartment located in the heart of Paris! Shops, restaurants, bars and theaters walking distance 3 metro lines downstairs!!!!! Bright and large living room with open fully equiped kitchen and a dining table Queen size bed in a cosy bedroom upstairs all access email and mobile Artistic, multicultural and very living area with many restaurants and bars theater district walking distance to: Montorgueil 5min Beaubourg, le Marais 10min Le Louvre 15min all monuments and touristic sites less than 30min by metro 3 metro lines (4,8 and 9) less than 100m 40 minutes from CDG airport by train 15min walk from Gare du Nord Don't hesitate to ask informations or more details, i'll be happy to make ur stay as best as possible
8673	1 bedroom (double bed), 1 living room, 1 fully equiped kitchen (cooker, microave, fridge, washing machine etc.), 1 bathroom.	35 sq.m. (376.74sq.f.) flat on the 2nd floor of a 19th century protected facade building.  Perfectly located for enjoying parisian life as well as sightseeing. 1 bedroom (double bed), 1 living room, 1 fully equiped kitchen (cooker, microave, fridge, washing machine etc.), 1 bathroom. I will give you the keys at the flat.  Besides kitchen appliances, you will have the whole wardrobe, an iron, an ironing table, a hair dryer, bed linen and towels at your disposal . I will show you around, give you some advices if needs be and will remain available by phone and e-mail. Located mid-way between Canal St-Martin and Canal de l'Ourcq.  Enjoy their cafés terrasses, bars, shops and restaurants and the 104 (cultural art center) etc.   For runners bring your running shoes, canal de l'Ourcq is a perfect place for running.  It is also ideal for playing pétanque. The flat is just behind the Fbrg Saint-Martin with its bakeries, butcheries, wine cellars, dairy shop, supermarket, restaurants It is also w
8674	Hello Studio of 27 m² with view : eiffel tower and Invalides Real studio with a large main room of 20m ²,  more a kitchen area 4m ² and a bathroom 4m ² the main room of 20m ² comprises a) a real bed + a sofa b) a table and  chairs c) storage the kitchchenette is fully equipped a) refrigerator, electric stove , microwave oven, etc.  b) the necessary kitchen : pots, pans, etc. everything. c) plates , forks, etc. etc. the bathroom has a bath and a shower, sink, toilet and furniture a large bay window with double glazing (although muticulturel neighborhood is quiet and safe ) vue to eiffef tower. WIFI (since 07 july 2014) Flat screen TV with cable Hairdryer sheets, duvets pillows are of course provided towels output and towels provided , washing machine and dryer available near the line 2 to 70 meters, and -4-5 and metro ( Réseau Express Régional ) RER B and D Velib 3 points less than 50 meters ( bicyclette. .. Autolib 1 point less than 100 meters RER B takes you directly to Roissy - Charl	Studio full equipment (kitchen,bathroom,WIFI, TV) for the 3rd (sofa)       Hello Studio of 27 m² with view : eiffel tower and Invalides Real studio with a large main room of 20m ²,  more a kitchen area 4m ² and a bathroom 4m ² the main room of 20m ² comprises a) a real bed + a sofa b) a table and  chairs c) storage the kitchchenette is fully equipped a) refrigerator, electric stove , microwave oven, etc.  b) the necessary kitchen : pots, pans, etc. everything. c) plates , forks, etc. etc. the bathroom has a bath and a shower, sink, toilet and furniture a large bay window with double glazing (although muticulturel neighborhood is quiet and safe ) vue to eiffef tower. WIFI (since 07 july 2014) Flat screen TV with cable Hairdryer sheets, duvets pillows are of course provided towels output and towels provided , washing machine and dryer available near the line 2 to 70 meters, and -4-5 and metro ( Réseau Express Régional ) RER B and D Velib 3 points less than 50 meters ( bicyclette. .. Auto
8675	Very quiet flat on the third floor (with lift) in a pesdestrian area. You can enjoy long morning sleep. Large south-facing balcony. You can enjoy outside eating. Large living-room with sofa-bed and confortable eating table. The flat can welcome 4 persons. Bathroom with bath. 	Spacious 50 m2 modern appartment with balcony, conveniently situated in the trendy 10th arr. near Canal Saint-Martin (1-minute walk). The apartment is perfectly located for site-seeing by day and experiencing Parisian life by night. Very quiet flat on the third floor (with lift) in a pesdestrian area. You can enjoy long morning sleep. Large south-facing balcony. You can enjoy outside eating. Large living-room with sofa-bed and confortable eating table. The flat can welcome 4 persons. Bathroom with bath. It is close to the main sites: Canal Saint Martin, Oberkampf (bars and nights out), la Villette (cité des Science), le Marais (gay and designers area), République, Bastille, Buttes Chaumont parc, Montmartre. Main public transportations: * Colonel fabien (1-minute walk; line 2) * Jaurès (5-minutes walk; lines 2,5,7bis) * Château-Landon (5-minutes walk; line 7) * Gare de l'Est (6-minutes walk; lines 4, 5, and 7) * Gare du Nord (12-minutes walk; RER B, D & E / lines 2, 4 & 5)
8676	 Hundred square meters with high ceilings, sunny terrace, three beds with possibility of additional two. In a central and very friendly !!	Loft with high ceilings and terrace. Central area popular with young Parisians. Two widely spaced chambers from one another; ideal couple and children or group of friends (3 + 2 extra beds). Comfortable bathroom Hundred square meters with high ceilings, sunny terrace, three beds with possibility of additional two. In a central and very friendly !! North Station, walk (600m) down the street from fbg Saint Denis to rue small stables (right). Or take the subway (2nd stop) Chateau d'eau. East Station down Bld Sebastopol (500m) turn right on Water tower street and the street of Small Stables. Or take the Metro (1st stop Chateau d'Eau ... Gare Montparnasse Direct metro line 4 stop Chateau d'eau Leo, my son, and I will be in the neighborhood and of course if you want we will give you the best advice for your stay in Paris looks like what you expect .. Neighborhood restaurants or bars frequented by the Parisian neighborhood youth but also the oldest fine brasserie in Paris, Flo, small courtyar
8677	A cosy and lovely furnished studio is welcoming up to two people in the center of Paris. Light and calm, on the sixth floor (no lift), with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris - ideal for spending some romantic nights in the heart of the city! (Photos are made and certified by (website hidden)) Amenities include: Approx. 25m² surface, parquet floor, two large roof windows, high speed internet/Wifi, wireless phone with free and unlimited calls to national and many international landlines numbers, washing machine, iron, hair dryer, linen and towels. Kitchen fully equipped and with microwave, stove, fridge, dishes, Nespresso machine, ... . Bathroom with very large bathtub. Centrally located, in walking distance to theaters (1 min), Pompidou Centre (10 min), République (5 min) and the Canal St Martin (8 min), very close (2 to 5 min walk) to several metro stations: Gare de l'Est (lines 4,5,7), Strasbourg Saint Denis (lines 4,8,9), Jacques Bonsergent (line 5), and two main train stat	A cosy and lovely furnished studio is welcoming up to two people in the center of Paris. Light and calm, on the sixth floor (no lift), with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris - ideal for spending some romantic nights in the heart of the city! (Photos are made and certified by (website hidden)) Amenities include: Approx. 25m² surface, parquet floor, two large roof windows, high speed internet/Wifi, wireless phone with free and unlimited calls to national and many international landlines numbers, washing machine, iron, hair dryer, linen and towels. Kitchen fully equipped and with microwave, stove, fridge, dishes, Nespresso machine, ... . Bathroom with very large bathtub. Centrally located, in walking distance to theaters (1 min), Pompidou Centre (10 min), République (5 min) and the Canal St Martin (8 min), very close (2 to 5 min walk) to several metro stations: Gare de l'Est (lines 4,5,7), Strasbourg Saint Denis (lines 4,8,9), Jacques Bonsergent (line 5), and two main train stat
8678	Chambre de 11m2 dans une maison indépendante de 68m2, au cœur du 10ème arrondissement de Paris. La maison se situe dans le 10ème arrondissement, en fond de cours, entre la rue La Fayette, la rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin et les quais du Canal Saint-Martin, proposant de nombreux commerces de proximité et commerces de bouche. Tranquillité, partage, bonne entente et joie de vivre sont les maîtres mots au sein du logement ! La chambre disponible est entièrement équipée et décorée avec goût: lit double, grand bureau, enceinte HI-FI, accès illimité au WIFI. Le reste du logement est à partager, il se compose :  -D’une entrée avec toilettes indépendantes, et escaliers desservant l’étage  -D’une grande pièce principale de 30m2 : séjour avec canapé, fauteuil, canapé-lit deux places et cuisine américaine  -D’une salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes  Equipement :  -Cuisine avec four, plaques, lave-vaisselle, four à micro-onde, réfrigérateur, congélateur  -Accès internet haut débit illimité et 	La maison se situe dans le 10ème arrondissement, entre la rue La Fayette, la rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin et les quais du Canal Saint-Martin, proposant de nombreux commerces de proximité et commerces de bouche. Chambre de 11m2 dans une maison indépendante de 68m2, au cœur du 10ème arrondissement de Paris. La maison se situe dans le 10ème arrondissement, en fond de cours, entre la rue La Fayette, la rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin et les quais du Canal Saint-Martin, proposant de nombreux commerces de proximité et commerces de bouche. Tranquillité, partage, bonne entente et joie de vivre sont les maîtres mots au sein du logement ! La chambre disponible est entièrement équipée et décorée avec goût: lit double, grand bureau, enceinte HI-FI, accès illimité au WIFI. Le reste du logement est à partager, il se compose :  -D’une entrée avec toilettes indépendantes, et escaliers desservant l’étage  -D’une grande pièce principale de 30m2 : séjour avec canapé, fauteuil, canapé-lit deux places et cuis
8679	This cosy 45 sqm apartment is well situated on a big courtyard. It is at only 5 minutes from Gare du Nord station (Eurostar) and Gare de l'Est, famous Saint Quentin market and Saint Martin Canal. Direct train from airports.  There is a big bedroom with a double bed and a single sofabed, living room with double sofabed and open equiped kitchen, shower room and toilet.  Numerous equipments will make your stay confortable: dishwasher, washing machine, microwave oven, wifi connection, tv, iron, hairdryer, etc.  We will give you tips on the best restaurants of the moment, from typical Parisian Brasserie to small local bars.  The metro station is only at 4 minutes walk and bus lines stops in front of the building (direct line to Champs Elysées). 	This cosy 45 sqm apartment is well situated on a big courtyard. It is at only 5 minutes from Gare du Nord station (Eurostar) and Gare de l'Est, famous Saint Quentin market and Saint Martin Canal. Direct train from airports.  There is a big bedroom with a double bed and a single sofabed, living room with double sofabed and open equiped kitchen, shower room and toilet.  Numerous equipments will make your stay confortable: dishwasher, washing machine, microwave oven, wifi connection, tv, iron, hairdryer, etc.  We will give you tips on the best restaurants of the moment, from typical Parisian Brasserie to small local bars.  The metro station is only at 4 minutes walk and bus lines stops in front of the building (direct line to Champs Elysées). 
8680		Un joli 2 pièces de 36m² au 4ème étage (ascenseur) : entrée, séjour, cuisine séparée équipée, salle d'eau, WC séparés. Vue dégagée, parquet chêne, traversant, double vitrage, lumieux et ensoleillé dans l'après midi. Idéalement placé. 
8681	The apartment is very nice with a nice view over the roofs of Paris	Beautiful 2 comfortable rooms, charming and very bright on the 6th floor. The neighborhood is alive with many shops and excellent public transport. You'll love the apartment and the neighborhood. The apartment is very nice with a nice view over the roofs of Paris Lively district with good quality shops. Very good bakery, cheese shop, wine shop, etc ..  at the foot of the building Many transport nearby
8682		Beau duplex au pies du canal St. Martin, en plein quartier BOBO (bourgeois - bohème)  avec une décoration accueillante et douillet, très silencieux, cuisine bien équipe, internet, proximité avec quatre lignes de métro. Canal Saint Martin
8683	Studio de 20m2 situé au 1er étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. 50m du Canal Saint Martin. Jolie cour fleurie. Il est composé d’une pièce principale séparée en 3 parties : un coin entrée, un coin salle à manger et un coin salon avec un canapé-lit couchage permanent de 140 pour 2 personnes, d’une kitchenette et d’une salle de bains avec WC. Il est équipé d’un téléviseur,lecteur DVD, four micro-onde, plaques vitro-céramique, lave-linge, planche et fer à repasser, connexion internet, chauffage électrique. Linge fourni. 5 min à pied de la gare de l'est, 15 min à pied de la Gare du Nord, 10 min de la place de la République. 	Studio de 20m2 situé au 1er étage d’un immeuble ancien sans ascenseur. 50m du Canal Saint Martin. Jolie cour fleurie. Il est composé d’une pièce principale séparée en 3 parties : un coin entrée, un coin salle à manger et un coin salon avec un canapé-lit couchage permanent de 140 pour 2 personnes, d’une kitchenette et d’une salle de bains avec WC. Il est équipé d’un téléviseur,lecteur DVD, four micro-onde, plaques vitro-céramique, lave-linge, planche et fer à repasser, connexion internet, chauffage électrique. Linge fourni. 5 min à pied de la gare de l'est, 15 min à pied de la Gare du Nord, 10 min de la place de la République. 
8684	The Studio is quiet and has been recently renovated. You will have the possibility to prepare simple meals, even though the kitchen is not fully equipped, but still has a microwave, a hob and a fridge.  A nice little bathroom with a bathtub.  The linen (sheets and towels) is included.  Opportunity to sleep a third person (extra bed). Well located to visit Paris, bustling, near Republic. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later half of the day each Saturday, and all day on Sundays for your cycling and strolling pleasure. 	The Studio is quiet and has been recently renovated. You will have the possibility to prepare simple meals, even though the kitchen is not fully equipped, but still has a microwave, a hob and a fridge.  A nice little bathroom with a bathtub.  The linen (sheets and towels) is included.  Opportunity to sleep a third person (extra bed). Well located to visit Paris, bustling, near Republic. The 10th arrondissement of Paris centers on the Canal St. Martin and the restaurants and cafés which line its banks. Part sleepy faubourg — as suburbs were called in 18th century Paris — and part industrial center, the 10th arrondissement has lately enjoyed the benefits of both the booming nightlife scene in the neighboring 11th, as well as the Parisien cycling and roller-blading boom. The streets lining the canal become car-free for the later half of the day each Saturday, and all day on Sundays for your cycling and strolling pleasure. 
8685	"If you love cats, you'll love Lionel. He'll be a perfect ""host"" for you! We rescued him three years ago from a forest south of Paris, so he's still a little bit of a scaredy-cat, but he's very loving."	"A great, sunny apartment in the heart of the Paris's hottest neighborhood. Spacious 57 sqm, with a twin bed and a fold-out sofabed. You'll be joined by Lionel the cat, so you must be happy to feed and care for him while you're here! If you love cats, you'll love Lionel. He'll be a perfect ""host"" for you! We rescued him three years ago from a forest south of Paris, so he's still a little bit of a scaredy-cat, but he's very loving. You're within short walking distance to the hip Canal Saint-Martin and Republique neighborhoods, and you're not very far from Montmartre, Pigalle, and even the Marais and the Louvre. Two metro stations are within a 5-minute walk of the apartment, and there is a Velib' (bicycle share) station right downstairs. The street is full of restaurants, and many of them are new and highly rated. There are also five supermarkets within a 5-minute walk, several convenience stores, pharmacies, and cafes. The Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord train stations are within a 10-15 "
8686		Studio pour 3 personnes refait à neuf avec du charme à l'ancienne à deux pas de la place de la République avec ses cafés, brasseries et restaurants et une importante quantité de moyens de transports.   il se compose d' un lit confortable de deux plac
8687	Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble entièrement rénové, l'appartement offre une vue surprenante et toute en perspective. Cet F2 de 29m2 (poutres apparentes, parquet au sol, et fenêtres dans toutes les pièces) a été complètement repensé par un architecte. La pièce à vivre, très lumineuse et ensoleillée, est équipée d'une table en formica, de 2 tabourets design, d'un canapé, de 3 tables gigognes et de nombreux rangements (armoire à chaussures, espace dressing). Dans la cuisinette séparée, vous trouverez un frigo avec fraiseur, un four, une table de cuisson à induction (2 feux) ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire à votre séjour. La chambre (lit double 140x200) est séparée du salon par une porte coulissante et une cloison aux vitres d'atelier. Des stores occultants sont installés aux différentes fenêtres de l'appartement. Enfin, la salle de bain, petit écrin de fraîcheur, avec sa douche, ses wc, son lavabo et sa machine à laver. Carreaux de ciment vintage au sol. Serviet	Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble entièrement rénové, l'appartement offre une vue surprenante et toute en perspective. Cet F2 de 29m2 (poutres apparentes, parquet au sol, et fenêtres dans toutes les pièces) a été complètement repensé par un architecte. La pièce à vivre, très lumineuse et ensoleillée, est équipée d'une table en formica, de 2 tabourets design, d'un canapé, de 3 tables gigognes et de nombreux rangements (armoire à chaussures, espace dressing). Dans la cuisinette séparée, vous trouverez un frigo avec fraiseur, un four, une table de cuisson à induction (2 feux) ainsi que toute la vaisselle nécessaire à votre séjour. La chambre (lit double 140x200) est séparée du salon par une porte coulissante et une cloison aux vitres d'atelier. Des stores occultants sont installés aux différentes fenêtres de l'appartement. Enfin, la salle de bain, petit écrin de fraîcheur, avec sa douche, ses wc, son lavabo et sa machine à laver. Carreaux de ciment vintage au sol. Serviet
8688	2 chambres avec lit double et un canapé-lit dans le salon, dans un très bel appartement haussmannien (parquet en point d'Hongrie, moulures ). Dans une chambre il y a un lit de 180 cm (de marque FLUTTUA LAGO ) suspendu avec la lumière en bas, un grand dressing et un grand téléviseur à écran plat. Dans l'autre il y a aussi un grand lit 180 cm, un dressing et un téléviseur. Une grande cuisine totalement équipée avec machine à laver, séché linge, four, micro onde et lave vaisselle..  Dans le salon il y a un grand canapé lit de 160 cm une grande table pour 6 personnes ainsi que un grand écran téléviseur, ecteur de DVD et du linge de maison de marque Maison de Vacances. Il y a une salle de bain avec baignoire Philippe Stark, et une salle d'eau a l'italienne. Dans l'ensemble des pièces vous avez la possibilité de régler les lumières d'intensité et créer une ambiance chaleureux. Vois pourrez écouter aussi la musique dans toute les pièces avec le système multi pièces. En plein coeur de Paris et	Superbe appartement situé au 2° étage dans un immeuble classé, équipé d'un ascenseur. L'appartement a été refait par un architecte  2 chambres avec lit double et un canapé-lit dans le salon, dans un très bel appartement haussmannien (parquet en point d'Hongrie, moulures ). Dans une chambre il y a un lit de 180 cm (de marque FLUTTUA LAGO ) suspendu avec la lumière en bas, un grand dressing et un grand téléviseur à écran plat. Dans l'autre il y a aussi un grand lit 180 cm, un dressing et un téléviseur. Une grande cuisine totalement équipée avec machine à laver, séché linge, four, micro onde et lave vaisselle..  Dans le salon il y a un grand canapé lit de 160 cm une grande table pour 6 personnes ainsi que un grand écran téléviseur, ecteur de DVD et du linge de maison de marque Maison de Vacances. Il y a une salle de bain avec baignoire Philippe Stark, et une salle d'eau a l'italienne. Dans l'ensemble des pièces vous avez la possibilité de régler les lumières d'intensité et créer une ambia
8689		Joli 2 pièces de 27 m2 à deux pas du Canal St Martin, fonctionnel et très agréable à vivre. Proche de toutes commodités dans un quartier vivant et très en vogue. Lit 2 places Internet / Wifi &Machine à Laver
8690	This is not a rental but my permanent residence, which I rent when i'm off for work. 1 bedroom + living room, 30sqm (323 sqf) fully equiped, ultra convenient, in fashionable 10th district: - microwave, oven, toaster, ceramic glass cooktop, dishwasher,... - apple TV, DVD and BluRay home cinema  and movies upon request, 40inch Sony TV, Cable TV - one small table + 2 wooden chairs for dining - one sofa - scandinavian light fixture (Jacobsen) - walk-in shower, corian washbasin, iron, washing machine - Calvin Klein towels provided - 1 double bed, including MyBed Sofitel duck feather mattress overlay for extra comfort Be prepared as the flat is in a historical 19th century typical Parisian building, on the 6th floor, with no lift! This is the price to pay to have a luminous, ultra calm rooftop home, and get a glimpse of the Eiffel tower!	10th district, Canal Saint Martin, a few mn walk from trendy cinémas,cafés,restaurants, 1 living + 1 bedroom fully equiped rooftop flat, 6th floor (no lift), Paris view, ultra bright, in typical parisian stone building, in popular safe neighbourhood. This is not a rental but my permanent residence, which I rent when i'm off for work. 1 bedroom + living room, 30sqm (323 sqf) fully equiped, ultra convenient, in fashionable 10th district: - microwave, oven, toaster, ceramic glass cooktop, dishwasher,... - apple TV, DVD and BluRay home cinema  and movies upon request, 40inch Sony TV, Cable TV - one small table + 2 wooden chairs for dining - one sofa - scandinavian light fixture (Jacobsen) - walk-in shower, corian washbasin, iron, washing machine - Calvin Klein towels provided - 1 double bed, including MyBed Sofitel duck feather mattress overlay for extra comfort Be prepared as the flat is in a historical 19th century typical Parisian building, on the 6th floor, with no lift! This is the pr
8691	Charming one bedroom appartment, furnished, in an old building, 6th floor (no lift), with a living room, separated kitchen and bathroom. The large room is 30m ², with two large windows overlooking the beautiful and romantic Canal Saint-Martin. Fantastic view, very clear and bright, with two small balconies. Furnished with queen size bed, a living corner wardrobe, coffee table and a piano for your leisure !	"Enjoy a central and very lively Paris location, with a great view on Canal Saint-Martin, few  minutes away  from Republique. Shop in the very  hips & fashion stores or sip a drink in the renowned ""Chez Prune"", just on the corner.   Charming one bedroom appartment, furnished, in an old building, 6th floor (no lift), with a living room, separated kitchen and bathroom. The large room is 30m ², with two large windows overlooking the beautiful and romantic Canal Saint-Martin. Fantastic view, very clear and bright, with two small balconies. Furnished with queen size bed, a living corner wardrobe, coffee table and a piano for your leisure ! Access to the whole appartment (but please mind the piano that I cherish !).  Don't hesitate to ask me for any questions about city or have a coffee ! Would be glad to help. Electric heating and fast internet. Kitchen is equipped with electric hotplates, mini-oven, dishwasher, washing machine, fridge, kettle, Nespresso coffee maker and Turkish coffee maker"
8692	My flat is very cosy and functional, everything is in there ! You just need your toothbrush :)  My bedroom is spacious and my double bed really really comfy and big :p you won't regret it !	Nice and cosy flat of 37m² in Paris 10th district. 1 spacious bedroom with a big doublebed for 2 pers, 1 living room with 2 sofas including 1 sofa-bed for 1 or 2 pers, 1 spacious bathroom with a real bath and shower, 1 small but functional kitchen. My flat is very cosy and functional, everything is in there ! You just need your toothbrush :)  My bedroom is spacious and my double bed really really comfy and big :p you won't regret it ! The entire flat is rented. Myself or my neighbours can of course give you all advices needed to make your stay as good as possible ! :) Very nice and trendy neighbourhood !  Canal St Martin 1mn walk, Canal de l'Ourcq 2mn walk, Buttes Chaumont park 10mn walk, La Villette park 20mn walk. Many nice bars and restaurants all around !!  Paris hyper center is only 15 to 20mn away by metro. The flat is located in the heart of Canal St Martin neighbourhood. Public bikes, buses, metro (2, 5, 7, 7bis), gare du Nord and gare de l'Est nearby. M° Jaurès (line 2) and Lo
8693	A lovely, warm cozy apartment! Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris, or a fun getaway with friends. Very central, situated in the heart of Paris, with access to several different metro's, and most importantly the beautiful canal saint Martin at your doorstep! It is situated in between Republique,Colonel Fabien and Chateau Landon stations, so you can easily reach metro lines n.(phone number hidden)!! Safe area, full of bars,supermarkets, pharmacies,and beautiful restaurants. The quarter of republique is lively and bohemian, full of trendy cafe's and bars, you can find live music, great markets and wonderful food. Our place is a lovely flat, which will be your own in to cook, and make great memories:) The app. is beautifully furnished, an american kitchen,bedroom (with double bed) ,livingroom,bathroom,4 windows, and heating autonomous. Internet wifi is incluse, television, radio and books! You can also use the sofa as a double bed; we have bedding and pillows for both:) This is a real pe	A lovely, warm cozy apartment! Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris, or a fun getaway with friends. Very central, situated in the heart of Paris, with access to several different metro's, and most importantly the beautiful canal saint Martin. A lovely, warm cozy apartment! Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris, or a fun getaway with friends. Very central, situated in the heart of Paris, with access to several different metro's, and most importantly the beautiful canal saint Martin at your doorstep! It is situated in between Republique,Colonel Fabien and Chateau Landon stations, so you can easily reach metro lines n.(phone number hidden)!! Safe area, full of bars,supermarkets, pharmacies,and beautiful restaurants. The quarter of republique is lively and bohemian, full of trendy cafe's and bars, you can find live music, great markets and wonderful food. Our place is a lovely flat, which will be your own in to cook, and make great memories:) The app. is beautifully furnished, an american k
8694	Ou flat is a beautiful space flooded with a lot of light and. You have windows on both side. The bedroom is very quiet. And in general we like to have cosy moments there...so the flat is cosy. 	Cosy flat 100 m. from romantic Canal Saint-Martin and 100 m. from metro station Louis Blanc that connect you to the center in 10mn. Shops, boulangeries, cafés around. Large bedroom & main room with opened kitchen and convertible sofa. Recent rework.  Ou flat is a beautiful space flooded with a lot of light and. You have windows on both side. The bedroom is very quiet. And in general we like to have cosy moments there...so the flat is cosy.  Wi-fi, coffee machine, TV, fridge, washing machine, etc...   We won't be here during your stay. Shops (2mn), Canal (2mn) bars, cafés, métro, movie theater (5mn)... there is everything there ! To access the flat there is digicode that we will give you on the first day.  We would need you to arrive at the flat strictly before 1pm if it's okay with you...
8695	"Located just two streets from Canal St Martin and its parisian atmosphere, I rent my apartment for a long week-end or even a longer break in the city. Why should be the only one to enjoy life next to the Canal? Located in a quiet street, parallel from the canal et its vibrations, you will be welcolme in my 27m2 apartment as in a second house: a little nest in this area on the go. At home, you will be able to cook and prepare diner on the bar table, sleep hours in the cosy room, have a bath with candle lights, borough one of my favorite books to read under the on the sofa, or even surf on Internet to organize your journey.. Its perfect location will give you to possibility to experiment a real “French Bobo"" life, you know the one magazines talk so much about! An example of a typical bobo life, enjoyable from the apartment would be: After a long and peaceful night, have a coffee in terrace observing slow boats on the canal, put your sneakers on and go for a walk or a jog along the water "	"Willing to discover a different sight of Paris?  Very parisian & far from turists?  A place that combines calm area but also trendy shops & restaurants, along a bucolic tree-filled canal?  Welcome to my apartment and please be my guest! Located just two streets from Canal St Martin and its parisian atmosphere, I rent my apartment for a long week-end or even a longer break in the city. Why should be the only one to enjoy life next to the Canal? Located in a quiet street, parallel from the canal et its vibrations, you will be welcolme in my 27m2 apartment as in a second house: a little nest in this area on the go. At home, you will be able to cook and prepare diner on the bar table, sleep hours in the cosy room, have a bath with candle lights, borough one of my favorite books to read under the on the sofa, or even surf on Internet to organize your journey.. Its perfect location will give you to possibility to experiment a real “French Bobo"" life, you know the one magazines talk so much a"
8696	L'appartement est très spacieux et lumineux. 	Très grande chambre lumineuse dans un appartement situé Canal Saint Martin. L'appartement est très spacieux. Proche de tous commerces et services.Dans un quartier très vivant et convivial. A 20 mns à pied du centre de Paris! L'appartement est très spacieux et lumineux. Accès commun à la Salle de bain (avec baignoire) et la cuisine. Je suis à votre disposition pendant toute la durées de votre séjour. Situé entre la gare du Nord (RER vers Charles de Gaulle) et la gare de l'Est (lignes 4,5,7). La station Jaurès est à deux pas (ligne 2).
8697	Studio, On the 6th floor with ELEVATOR, Bright double exposure, overlooking the rooftops of Paris side street and side yard. Decorated in vintage style. You will find everything you need in the kitchen, as in the bathroom. Studio, Au 6eme étage avec ASCENSEUR, Lumineux double exposition, vue sur les toits de Paris, coté rue et coté cour. Décoré  dans le style vintage. Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut dans la cuisine, comme dans la salle de bain.	Charming studio on the sixth floor, with elevator, quiet, seen on the roofs of Peers, all the shops and the subway in front of the building. In a neighborhood, young, trendy and cosmopolitan. Studio, On the 6th floor with ELEVATOR, Bright double exposure, overlooking the rooftops of Paris side street and side yard. Decorated in vintage style. You will find everything you need in the kitchen, as in the bathroom. Studio, Au 6eme étage avec ASCENSEUR, Lumineux double exposition, vue sur les toits de Paris, coté rue et coté cour. Décoré  dans le style vintage. Vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut dans la cuisine, comme dans la salle de bain. Easy to access,  Metro and bus 50 m Communication by email for booking and I welcome clients on site studio confortable By subway,   station, -Château D'EAu, line 4, 50 m -Strasbourg St Denis, Line 3, 8 and 9 at 150m -Gare De L'EST line 4, 5 and 7 200 m By RER B Gare du Nord station (CDG and Orly airport) By bus line 39 (Louvre, Saint Germain meadows
8698	You will love our cozy flat, enjoying a private room in the upper part of a 2-floor top-quality apartment. We are a family with a kid, but you will enjoy the privacy of a room that opens on a nice patio.	Spend quality time in a lovely 2-floor apartment in the ❤ heart of Paris (near Gare du Nord), with a patio to chill out next to your bed & a private shower to regain energy. You will love our cozy flat, enjoying a private room in the upper part of a 2-floor top-quality apartment. We are a family with a kid, but you will enjoy the privacy of a room that opens on a nice patio. There is a fully-equiped kitchen with a dish washer. Your bedroom features a private shower and a large closet. Wifi & a washing machine are available too. Should you need any help during your stay, you can count on us ☺ and connect by email or phone. You will be at walking distance to many attractions, Grands Boulevards and the famous shops, Opera and its theatres, the Canal Saint-Martin and its promenade. There are many trendy bars and fancy restaurants around, and you have many alternatives for groceries, from biological food shops to the fruit & vegetable market in rue du Faubourg Saint Denis. Get everywhere yo
8699	nice cosy bachelor in a heart of paris. From there you will enjoy paris life. There is a lot of bar, restaurant, cofee it close from eveywhere in paris. It is a small bachelor clean, with a kitchnette, shower and restroom	nice cosy bachelor in a heart of paris. From there you will enjoy paris life. There is a lot of bar, restaurant, cofee it close from eveywhere in paris. It is a small bachelor clean, with a kitchnette, shower and restroom
