11700		Un charmant appartement tout équipé situé au pied de la mythique Tour Eiffel !  Les fenêtres donnent sur le jardin. Idéal pour un week end en amoureux ou un petit séjour entre amis !
11701	Apartment of 75 square meters, located Place Welcome to the 15th arrondissement of Paris, Montparnasse. Underground station: Montparnasse-Bienvenue. It is on the 6th floor, with elevator. Capacity 6 personnes. Linen, towels  are included.Une input directly serves 2 bedrooms, the bathroom, the livingroom.living room equipped with: sofabed single, double sofa bed,  TV with cable, internet wifi.Une bedroom furnished with: desk, chair, double bed (1.40m), wardrobe,.A 2nd bedroom with  couple bed, an armchair.The kitchen is fully equipped with cupboards, ceramic hob, bar, oven, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, toaster, kettle, extractor fan, a washing machine, tumble linge.There are two bathrooms: one bathroom 8m ² equipped with: washbasin, shower, bathtub with shower, another bathroom parquet.The other of 6 m² equipped with: washbasin, a shower, a bathtub with shower, toilet.Balcony	Very nice apartment, ideally located in Montparnasse. Very commercial and vibrant with all transport to go anywhere in Paris quickly. Apartment of 75 square meters, located Place Welcome to the 15th arrondissement of Paris, Montparnasse. Underground station: Montparnasse-Bienvenue. It is on the 6th floor, with elevator. Capacity 6 personnes. Linen, towels  are included.Une input directly serves 2 bedrooms, the bathroom, the livingroom.living room equipped with: sofabed single, double sofa bed,  TV with cable, internet wifi.Une bedroom furnished with: desk, chair, double bed (1.40m), wardrobe,.A 2nd bedroom with  couple bed, an armchair.The kitchen is fully equipped with cupboards, ceramic hob, bar, oven, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, toaster, kettle, extractor fan, a washing machine, tumble linge.There are two bathrooms: one bathroom 8m ² equipped with: washbasin, shower, bathtub with shower, another bathroom parquet.The other of 6 m² equipped with: washbasin, a shower, a bathtu
11702	"In the heart of a lively shopping area (near metro station ""Convention""), this functional and pleasant studio will allow you to spend a lovely stay, just at a walking distance of all the touristic attractions of Paris. Enjoy its kitchen and its balcony!"	"In the heart of a lively shopping area (near metro station ""Convention""), this functional and pleasant studio will allow you to spend a lovely stay, just at a walking distance of all the touristic attractions of Paris. Enjoy its kitchen and its balcony! I will remain available by phone during all the stay Metro Line 12 - Convention"
11703	Cuisine américaine, canapé d'angle non convertible, grand lit 2pers, TV, grande salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne... Lumineux, situé au 5ème et dernier étage.	2p refait à neuf, très bien situé dans un quartier aussi calme le soir que vivant dans la journée. Tous les commerces et divers restaurant sont au pied de la résidence ainsi que de nombreux transports en commun: métro, bus, vélib. Non fumeur ! Cuisine américaine, canapé d'angle non convertible, grand lit 2pers, TV, grande salle d'eau avec douche à l'italienne... Lumineux, situé au 5ème et dernier étage. Mon logement est situé dans le XVème arrondissement qui est le plus grand et le plus peuplé des vingt arrondissements de Paris. Plus précisement dans le quartier de la rue du Commerce qui comme son nom l'indique est l'une des rues les plus commercante de Paris entre la Tour Eiffel et le Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles (tout deux accessibles à pied). Vous pourrez accéder aux principaux monuments de Paris en moins de 30 minutes. La rue du Commerce forme depuis le milieu du xixe siècle un des trois ou quatre axes commerçants animés et attrayants du 15e arrondissement. Très p
11704	Small building standing back from the street. It is a small house with 4 floors. The Paris apartment rental is located on the first floor with an elevator. It overlooks the street and a courtyard. Apartment to rent in Paris of 45 m2 consisting of a large living room and a bedroom with one double bed (160*200) that can be split into two single beds (80 * 200). The bedroom gives access to the bathroom with a bathtub in the corner. The toilets are separate from the bathroom and are independently accessible from the bedroom and lounge. The living/dining room has a beautiful large wooden table allowing up to 6 to 8 guests to enjoy dinner. The sofa is convertible and allows two additional sleeping spaces for people. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped. In a few words, it is a typically Parisian apartment, very calm and peaceful, in a residential and lively neighborhood.	A typically Parisian apartment to rent that is very calm and peaceful, situated in a residential and lively neighborhood. In a building that is more like a small Parisian house. La Tour Eiffel is only a walk away. Small building standing back from the street. It is a small house with 4 floors. The Paris apartment rental is located on the first floor with an elevator. It overlooks the street and a courtyard. Apartment to rent in Paris of 45 m2 consisting of a large living room and a bedroom with one double bed (160*200) that can be split into two single beds (80 * 200). The bedroom gives access to the bathroom with a bathtub in the corner. The toilets are separate from the bathroom and are independently accessible from the bedroom and lounge. The living/dining room has a beautiful large wooden table allowing up to 6 to 8 guests to enjoy dinner. The sofa is convertible and allows two additional sleeping spaces for people. The kitchen is separate and fully equipped. In a few words, it is 
11705	Beautiful old vintage house with garden for a big family (9 persons), peacefull and quiet, spacious, located in the center of the city of Malakoff.  5 minutes walk into Paris.  30 minutes from The Champs Elysées by metro.  Nearest metro station is at 7 minutes walk (Line 13, station : Malakoff Plateau de Vanves) Tramway and bus is at 5 minutes walk. Vélib Station is at 2 minutes away.  At one minute away, you can find weekly typical french market and lot of shops : bakery, supermarket, organic grocery, wine shop,...	Beautiful old vintage house with garden for a big family ( 9 persons), peaceful and quiet, spacious, located in the center of the city of Malakoff. 5 minutes walk into Paris.  30 mn from The Champs Elysées by metro. Beautiful old vintage house with garden for a big family (9 persons), peacefull and quiet, spacious, located in the center of the city of Malakoff.  5 minutes walk into Paris.  30 minutes from The Champs Elysées by metro.  Nearest metro station is at 7 minutes walk (Line 13, station : Malakoff Plateau de Vanves) Tramway and bus is at 5 minutes walk. Vélib Station is at 2 minutes away.  At one minute away, you can find weekly typical french market and lot of shops : bakery, supermarket, organic grocery, wine shop,... No limit except one room in the cellar At your disposal to share our local advices and our favorite parisians places, and will answer to all of your questions. The house is really well located. There are a lot of retail trader, restaurant, parks, cinema, theatre
11706	entièrement rénové , équipement  complet ,   vaisselle , literie ,   bain , machine à laver sèche ligne 	A proximité tour Eiffel et du champs de mars, bel appartement cosy  entièrement rénové 45 m²  1 er étage avec  séjour , chambre  grand lit,   cuisine  salle de bain wc  séparé  tout confort,4 couchages,  calme   tv   internet métro Cambronne entièrement rénové , équipement  complet ,   vaisselle , literie ,   bain , machine à laver sèche ligne  paris  15   limite paris 7   Proche tour eiffel  et gare Montparnasse  , accès très facile  toutes commodités  tous commerces  grande disponibilité du  propriétaire 
11707	- 1 bedroom (very comfortable 2 persons bed) - 1 living room with two couches and TV - Fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and coffee machine) - Small bathroom with a shower and WC - Washing machine - Bedsheets + towels are provided  - Free wifi  - 50m² / 538ft² 2nd floor, no elevator	- 1 bedroom (queen size bed).  - 1 living room with a couch, table, and lots of books  - Fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and kettle).  - Small bathroom with a shower and a window.  - Washing machine.  - Bedsheets + towels are provided  -
11708	L'appartement se compose de deux pièces, un salon très cosy et une chambre rose, grise et blanche. La superficie est de 35m2. La wifi est disponible. A votre disposition: grille pain, four, vaisselle, lave linge, plaques électriques, serviettes de toilettes, draps.  Le salon bénéficie d'un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. La chambre, spacieuse, offre deux places supplémentaires dans un grand lit double (190x140) ainsi que de nombreux rangements pour les vêtements et un très large bureau.	"Charmant 2 pièces situé au coeur de Paris à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars. Refait à neuf il y a 3 mois. Idéalement placé, au pied du métro et de la fameuse rue du Commerce idéale pour le shopping et la visite de Paris. L'appartement se compose de deux pièces, un salon très cosy et une chambre rose, grise et blanche. La superficie est de 35m2. La wifi est disponible. A votre disposition: grille pain, four, vaisselle, lave linge, plaques électriques, serviettes de toilettes, draps.  Le salon bénéficie d'un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. La chambre, spacieuse, offre deux places supplémentaires dans un grand lit double (190x140) ainsi que de nombreux rangements pour les vêtements et un très large bureau. Le quartier est très agréable car nombreux commerces et transports. Rue du Commerce à proximité, Champs de Mars, Tour Eiffel. L'appartement est situé à 50 mètres du métro Commerce sur la ligne 8 et à 5 minutes de la station ""La Motte Picquet Grenelle"""
11709	Que vous soyez à Paris pour un weekend en amoureux, ou en voyage avec votre famille, vous ne manquerez pas de tomber sous le charme de cet appartement. Le canapé convertible permet également d'accueillir jusqu'à deux personnes supplémentaires. Attention cependant, le logement se situe au 6ème étage sans ascenceur !	Havre de paix au pied du Parc Georges Brassens, calme et verdoyant. Cuisine à l'américaine toute équipée, séjour aux briques apparentes, chambre avec vue. Vous ne pourrez succomber à son charme !    Que vous soyez à Paris pour un weekend en amoureux, ou en voyage avec votre famille, vous ne manquerez pas de tomber sous le charme de cet appartement. Le canapé convertible permet également d'accueillir jusqu'à deux personnes supplémentaires. Attention cependant, le logement se situe au 6ème étage sans ascenceur ! Les voyageurs pourront bénéficier de tous les équipements de l'appartement (grand frigo avec congélateur, machine à laver, plaques et hotte, four, micro-onde, TV). N'hésitez pas à me poser toutes vos questions ! L'appartement se trouve au pied d'un parc, idéal pour le footing, une balade ou un pique-nique. Le quartier est composé d'une grande rue commerçante, un grand supermarché à moins de 5 minutes, boulangerie, boucherie, restaurants... tout ce que vous cherchez pour profiter 
11710	We rent a private room in our big and lovely apartment located in the 15th district of Paris  (and just 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse). The apartment is situated on the ground floor. There are two bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom with large bath and separate WC.	We rent a private room in our big and lovely apartment located in the 15th district of Paris near many restaurants and stores (and just 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse) We rent a private room in our big and lovely apartment located in the 15th district of Paris  (and just 15 min walk from the Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse). The apartment is situated on the ground floor. There are two bedrooms, a large living room, a fully equiped kitchen, a bathroom with large bath and separate WC. You will have access to everything, our place is yours :-) We will try to make you feel as comfortable as possible, by responding to your need and giving you some advices. We love meeting people around the world. The apartment is located near many stores and restaurants. Subway : line 12 (Volontaires or Vaugirard), line 6 (Pasteur) Bus : line 89, line 88, line 95, line 62  You will be able to go wherever you want and discover the best places of Paris.
11711	Ideally located studio flat for 2 people in a lovely area at the heart of Paris, you will feel right at home in my cosy apartment!	Cosy studio flat and all the comfort for 2 people in the heart of Paris. Ideally located studio flat for 2 people in a lovely area at the heart of Paris, you will feel right at home in my cosy apartment! Cosy and nicely decorated studio flat (22m2), bright and airy, with all the commodities, on the first floor of a 1940's building in a lively neighbourhood. It is composed of a living room (comfy double sofa bed, cable TV with dvd player, wireless internet, big round table),  a fully equipped open kitchen area (fridge, microwave oven, kettle, sink, toaster, cooking hobs, crockery),  and a small bathroom with a shower, toilets and a sink with mirror and a hair dryer.  Bed linen, towels and toiletries are provided. I will be showing you around the flat at your arrival and will answer all the questions you may have. Also I am reachable on the phone whenever, should you need during your stay. The flat is at walking distance from : - Brand new Beaugrenelle shopping centre and cinema : 5 min 
11712	Studio d'environ 25m² situé au 3ème étage sur cour (sans ascenseur). Calme, plein de charme, vous profiterez de sa situation exceptionnelle puisque vous serez à 3 mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Loué entièrement meublé et équipée, il est idéal pour un séjour découverte de Paris . Vous y trouverez notamment les équipements suivants : Internet, écran plat,  grille pains et bouilloire, Lave-Linge, Lave-vaisselle, Aspirateur et fer à repasser... Véritable lit deux places (140cmx190cm) Linge de maisons (draps) SERVIETTES DE BAIN NON FOURNIES The flat Approximately 25m ² studio on the 3rd floor on the courtyard of a typical Parisian building (no lift). Quiet, charming, you will enjoy its unique location as you will be at 3mn from the Eiffel Tower by walking. Rented furnished and equipped, ideal for a stay or visit in Paris. You will find the following facilities: Internet, flat screen TV,  toaster and kettle, washing machine, dishwasher, vacuum cleaner and iron ... Real double bed (140cmx190cm	Cosy studio d'environ 25m² situé au 3ème étage sur cour . Calme, plein de charme, vous profiterez de sa situation exceptionnelle puisque vous serez directement à 3 mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel et à l'embranchement de 3 lignes de métro (6,8,10).  Studio d'environ 25m² situé au 3ème étage sur cour (sans ascenseur). Calme, plein de charme, vous profiterez de sa situation exceptionnelle puisque vous serez à 3 mn à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Loué entièrement meublé et équipée, il est idéal pour un séjour découverte de Paris . Vous y trouverez notamment les équipements suivants : Internet, écran plat,  grille pains et bouilloire, Lave-Linge, Lave-vaisselle, Aspirateur et fer à repasser... Véritable lit deux places (140cmx190cm) Linge de maisons (draps) SERVIETTES DE BAIN NON FOURNIES The flat Approximately 25m ² studio on the 3rd floor on the courtyard of a typical Parisian building (no lift). Quiet, charming, you will enjoy its unique location as you will be at 3mn from the Eiffel Tower by wa
11713		Amazing location at 5 minutes by walk from the Eiffel tower. Renovated in 2012, elegant& comfortable flat for 5 guests. The apartment is quiet, bright, and fully furnished.90 m2.2 bedrooms + comfortable convertible one-person sofa settee ONLY FAMILY WIFI, TV, TOWELS ONLY FAMILIES ARE ACCEPTED
11714	Enjoy Paris and its attractions thanks to this bright, quiet and charming flat.Fully equiped, cosy living room and comfortable bedroom. On top, a long balcony where sun is shining all afternoon and where you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner. 	Enjoy Paris and its attractions thanks to this bright, quiet and charming flat.Fully equiped, cosy living room and comfortable bedroom. On top, a long balcony where sun is shining all afternoon and you can have breakfast. Enjoy Paris and its attractions thanks to this bright, quiet and charming flat.Fully equiped, cosy living room and comfortable bedroom. On top, a long balcony where sun is shining all afternoon and where you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Everything Shops, groceries down the street and Beaugrenelle commercial centre 5 mn away, Eiffel tower 10 mn walk métros 6,8,10 and 12, bus 70 and 89. 
11715	nice vu on the Eiffel Tower, very romantic mostly by night when the Tower is shining!	IN august booking for 8 days minimum. Nice Studio 27m2 + 18 m2 de terrasse  for maximum 4 people close to the subway Charles-Michels and the big shopping center Beaugrenelle. Very nice and peacefull place. nice vu on the Eiffel Tower, very romantic mostly by night when the Tower is shining! close to the very new shopping center  Beaugrenelle with many famous brand, many restaurants, movies  and the swimmingpool Keller.  i will be present to your arrival to meet you.  i leave very close from the studio, so any thing you will need, i will manage to help.  don't miss a lovely walk on the island of swan in the middle of La Seine .  You can also do some sport or jogging there! Métro ligne 10 Charles-Michels , R.E.R C Javel Bus 70, 88, 42. a car parking can be used by you. just ask : it depend if it will be free at this moment.  the place is very safe and quiet at night.
11716		Chambre chez l'habitant dans Paris 15e. A 5 minutes à pied du metro Sèvre Lecourbe (Ligne 6) et Volontaire (Ligne 12). Agréable, silencieux, WIFI, cuisine et sale de bain partagé.  N'hésitez pas à demander des informations supplémentaires. Only french speaker
11717	2rooms rent apartment renovated, sofa bed, bed room, kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, kettle, coffee machine nespresso), bathroom (shower, towels, hair dryer) from 80 euros per night	2rooms rent apartment renovated, sofa bed, bed room, kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, kettle, coffee machine nespresso), bathroom (shower, towels, hair dryer) from 80 euros per night
11718	Nice and welcoming sunny studio for 2.  Spacious and well appointed.  Central city center easily reached by bus and metro.  Sunny 5th floor, but no elevator :)	"Quiet and sunny place for 2 in Paris.  Direct bus (Bus 62) to Rolland Garros  2' walk from ""Convention"" (line 12) or 10' walk to Boucicaut (line 8).   City center easy to acess by metro or bus. Calm and secure area. Nice and welcoming sunny studio for 2.  Spacious and well appointed.  Central city center easily reached by bus and metro.  Sunny 5th floor, but no elevator :) - Wireless wifi - Sheets and bath towels for two - TV and DVD player - Fully furnished kitchen (fridge, microwave, hoven, stove, coffee machine, bread grill) - Clean and tidy bathroom with towels, hair dryer, shampoo and soap - Very comfy bed (160*200) for 2  - Diner table with chairs  The apartment is on the 5th floor without lift.  Me or my boyfriend will welcome you and show you anything you'd need during your stay in the appartment.  This area offers a lot of restaurant and cafe but is not a busy nightlife area.  Open air market every tuesday, thurday and sunday morning.  You'll find a lot of commercer close by ("
11719		Venez vivre dans le centre de Paris (15ème arrondissement) !  A deux pas du métro (3 stations accessibles en moins de 5min à pied), mon appartement se situe dans l'une des meilleurs zones de Paris. Très calme, chambre qui donne sur cour !
11720	Au calme et en même temps situe dans un quartier très anime	 une grande entrée un salon et une salle à manger  tres clairs. La chambre sur cour au calme avec salle de bains à coté et toilettes séparées Grande cuisine toute équipée. Situe dans une impasse au calme mais a 2 mn du métro et tous commerces.  Au calme et en même temps situe dans un quartier très anime Quartier animé avec tous commerces restaurants et marche 2 jours par semaine. Proximité quais de Seine et champ de Mars Metro ligne 6 RER C Bus 42
11721	Quiet, bright and spacious, with a private garden. A haven of peace in a lively tourist area. I recommend the shops on Lecourbe and Cambronne Street, located 3min walk from the apartment. They are known as the best in Paris.	"A beautiful two-room spacious overlooking a small garden. Located between the Champs de Mars and the Montparnasse train station, it is also closed to the best shops. A true Parisian life! Quiet, bright and spacious, with a private garden. A haven of peace in a lively tourist area. I recommend the shops on Lecourbe and Cambronne Street, located 3min walk from the apartment. They are known as the best in Paris. Washing machine, dishwasher , hairdryer, shampoo and shower gel. But few commodities : coffee, tea , pasta and rice. Highly available, do not hesitate to write me, I would say within two hours. It is a quiet residence. So if you need calm, it is for you :) Subway, lines 6, 8, 10 and 12 Bus line 80, Cambronne / Lecourbe Station You can if you want a ""velib"" station in front the street. "
11722		Appartement très bien situé, 2 chambres et un grand salon, possibilité d'héberger 4 personnes. Cuisine toute équipée, Salle de bain avec baignoire. Proche station La Motte-Picquet Grenelle (métros 6, 8 et 10) à 100m. Tous commerces à proximité.
11723		Appartement au 6è étage avec ascenseur spatieux et lumineux ! L'appartement comprends une grande chambre avec lit double, un salon, une entrée, toilettes séparées, salle de bain et cuisine ! Location bien desservie par les bus et métros.
11724		Joli studio parisien dans le 15eme arrondissement de Paris! Je vous met a disposition mon appartement qui dispose d une pièce principale et deux autres pièces ( cuisine et salle de bain tout équipée). Studio proche de Porte de Versailles ( Palais des sports) , Gare Montparnasse, Invalides ect. De nombreux commerces tout autour du logement ainsi que des restaurants, bars , et parcs ! Mon appartement se trouve entre trois stations de metro: convention ( ligne 12) , Felix Faure et Commerce ( ligne 8 ).
11725	Petit mais très bien agencé, calme et au plein cœur de Paris. Je peux vous faire visiter quelques coins. Etudiante en arts, j'aime ma ville et je serais heureuse de vous la faire découvrir si le cœur vous en dit ! Très calme, assez aisé, mais vivant à deux pas du logement, le quartier est idéal. RER C, ligne 10 et 8, bus	Cosy and calm, you'll be next to the Eiffel Tour ! All you need is here and I'll be happy to welcome you ! Proche de la Tour Eiffel, entièrement équipée dans une rue très calme du 15eme. Tout équipé avec cuisine indépendante et lit très confortable. Très Proche des métros. Petit mais très bien agencé, calme et au plein cœur de Paris. Je peux vous faire visiter quelques coins. Etudiante en arts, j'aime ma ville et je serais heureuse de vous la faire découvrir si le cœur vous en dit ! Très calme, assez aisé, mais vivant à deux pas du logement, le quartier est idéal. RER C, ligne 10 et 8, bus Je peux vous faire visiter quelques coins. Etudiante en arts, j'aime ma ville et je serais heureuse de vous la faire découvrir si le cœur vous en dit ! Très calme, assez aisé, mais vivant, mon appartement est à deux pas du métro et des commerces : le quartier est idéal. RER C, ligne 10 et 8, bus (phone number hidden).
11726	flat near eiffel tower very nice metro, bus and shops near the flat welcome to visit paris in this nice and cosy place	flat near eiffel tower very nice metro, bus and shops near the flat welcome to visit paris in this nice and cosy place
11727	The appartment is very closed from any facilities, and subways: if you want to visit Paris, you will be very close from any touristic and no miss place!  The 'rue du commerce', right next to our flat will offer you a nice place to go shopping and if you want to do 'the marché' on mornings. There is also another bigger marché on Sunday mornings at La Motte Piquet. The appartment is very quiet, as all the windows are on a very charming court. Our neighbors are mainly families or young couples.	Charming and cosy appartment at three blocks from Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars and Ecole Militaire. You will enjoy the nice and lively neighbourgh
11728	Ideal location. Very warm place in every sense: very sunny, comfy with the central heating from October to April, antique furniture, hardwood floors, solid wood, warm colors and materials. The apparment is on the 1st floor (not the ground floor), large easy staircase to get there, but no elevator. Please kindly note that, though the shower in itself is big, the whole bathroom ensemble is small as it has been semi-integrated in the bedroom by the architect's renovation. It might not be super comfortable for some people to move around.	"Artisan's 2 BR & 40m2, 1st fl. sunny & quiet, art furniture & modern amenities, ideal for couple or 2-kids family.  Great ""foodie"" area! Metro station Cambronne (l.6): 1min walk Bus & Vélib: 1min walk Eiffel Tower/Champ de Mars at 5min walk Ideal location. Very warm place in every sense: very sunny, comfy with the central heating from October to April, antique furniture, hardwood floors, solid wood, warm colors and materials. The apparment is on the 1st floor (not the ground floor), large easy staircase to get there, but no elevator. Please kindly note that, though the shower in itself is big, the whole bathroom ensemble is small as it has been semi-integrated in the bedroom by the architect's renovation. It might not be super comfortable for some people to move around. Hi-Speed Internet via cable, WI-FI, French TV, CD/DVD player, kitchen appliances (fridge, dishwasher, electric kettle...)  Help yourself with Coffee, Tea, Herbal Tea. I am available on the phone during the whole stay fo"
11729	Very cosy 40m2 flat in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Eiffel tower. 1 bedroom with king size bed, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living room with very good sofa bed for 2. Very convenient transport: close to 3 metro stations, several bus stations, a tram station and a high-speed train service linking Paris to the suburbs. Close to the André Citroën park,with its famous hot air balloon, and to the Eiffel tower.  Many supermarkets very close, and a very nice shopping street 5 meters from the flat :) 	Very cosy 40m2 flat in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Eiffel tower. 1 bedroom (king size bed), 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living room with very good sofa bed for 2. Very convenient transport. Close to André Citroën park,and Eiffel tower Very cosy 40m2 flat in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Eiffel tower. 1 bedroom with king size bed, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living room with very good sofa bed for 2. Very convenient transport: close to 3 metro stations, several bus stations, a tram station and a high-speed train service linking Paris to the suburbs. Close to the André Citroën park,with its famous hot air balloon, and to the Eiffel tower.  Many supermarkets very close, and a very nice shopping street 5 meters from the flat :) Bed linen and towels available, as well as Wifi, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, oven, microwave... I'll be very happy to show you my place and share tips about my city :) Metro stations: Boucicaut, Félix Faure, Charles Miche
11730	Belle pièce lumineuse de 10mq, refaite à neuf il y a 1 semaine, située à 15 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Vue dégagée sur les toits et sur la tour Montparnasse. Chambre complètement indépendante, vous aurez vos clés. Concierge 7eme étage sans ascenseurs Le logement a un lit de 140cm et tout est équipé pour 2 personnes si vous accepté de rester très proche (raison pour la quelle on a préféré indiquer 1 personne dans l'annonce).	Chambre de service de 10m² refaite a neuf au 7ème étage d'un immeuble Pierre de Taille. Metro a 10m Douche/Évier/ plaque a induction /Réfrigérateur/Wifi/ Draps, serviettes fournis. Café/Thé à disposition. Toilettes sur le palier (porte a coté). Belle pièce lumineuse de 10mq, refaite à neuf il y a 1 semaine, située à 15 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. Vue dégagée sur les toits et sur la tour Montparnasse. Chambre complètement indépendante, vous aurez vos clés. Concierge 7eme étage sans ascenseurs Le logement a un lit de 140cm et tout est équipé pour 2 personnes si vous accepté de rester très proche (raison pour la quelle on a préféré indiquer 1 personne dans l'annonce). Draps & serviettes inclus. Gel douche / Shampooing et Sèche-cheveux disponibles. Wi-Fi (dédié). Réfrigérateur. Plaque de cuisson a induction, casseroles, assiettes, vers et tasses. Café et thé inclus pour votre petit déjeuner (pour la première 1 semaine). Il y a 2 supermarchés en face de l'immeuble et un Starbucks. To
11731	Studio situé au 6eme étage d'un bel immeuble parisien et très ensoleillé  	"Charmant studio de 15 m2 très bien agencé au cœur du 15 eme. Proche de la Porte de Versailles, Montparnasse, St Germain des Prés  Studio entierement meublé où vous passerez un excellent séjour  Immeuble et quartier  agréable, calme et convivial Studio situé au 6eme étage d'un bel immeuble parisien et très ensoleillé Au cœur d'un quartier commerçant appelé "" Convention -Brancion"", typiquement parisien vous serez à proximité de toutes commodités. Le mardi et le jeudi et le dimanche sont jours de marché Tous les commerces de bouches et boutiques sont présents dans le quartier  Au bas de l'immeuble se situe le parc Georges Brassens très agréable pour flâner au soleil Le studio se situe à 10 mn à pied de la Porte de Versailles le rendez vous des grands salons Les stations de métro les plus proches sont la ligne 12 Convention 5 à 7 mn à pied et la ligne 13 Plaisance 5 mn à pied  Le tramway à 5 mn à pied  Le bus 95 au pied de l'immeuble en direction de la Gare Montparnasse et le 89 à 5 mn à p"
11732	on y est bien comme dans une suite d hôtel. Le luxe en somme . a bientôt et bonne visite a Paris .	Appartement très confortable , silencieux ,  vu sur jardin  , lumineux sud sud ouest , baignoire , wc privatif , cuisine  équipèe, parquet en chêne . pas d invitè supplémentaire. réservation stricte . on y est bien comme dans une suite d hôtel. Le luxe en somme . a bientôt et bonne visite a Paris . installez vous et allez voir Paris la belle . Des petits restaurants de quartier :  boudin aux pommes et vins délicieux . le quartier est très commerçants; à côté du métro , bus , vélib . Des commerçants ,un grand Magasin, des marques ,un marchè, je vous conseil Tonton le charcutier Tous  les transports pour voit tout Paris . enjoy non  fumeur , pas d animaux , pas d'enfant .
11733	"Bel appartement refait à neuf de 35m², au 2ème étage. A deux pas de la rue du commerce, quartier très vivant, de nombreux commercants (boulangeries, tabacs, supermarchés...), restaurants, bars... La station de Metro ""Commerce"" est à 100 mètres, le quartier est très bien desservi: ligne 8, ligne 6, ligne 10  -  La TOUR EIFFEL en 10 minutes  - Les CHAMPS ELYSEESen 20minutes  -  L'OPERA en 15minutes  "	"Bel appartement refait à neuf de 35m², au 2ème étage. A deux pas de la rue du commerce, quartier très vivant, de nombreux commercants (boulangeries, tabacs, supermarchés...), restaurants, bars... La station de Metro ""Commerce"" est à 100 mètres, le quartier est très bien desservi: ligne 8, ligne 6, ligne 10  -  La TOUR EIFFEL en 10 minutes  - Les CHAMPS ELYSEESen 20minutes  -  L'OPERA en 15minutes  "
11734	Very functional 35 squared meters apartment with a comfortable living room, fully equipped kitchen and spacious bathroom. Furnished with a modern taste, you can discover Paris in comfort, the apartment being only 5 min from the metro station.	"Spacious and luminous apartment in a convivial neighborhood. Connected to subway6 directly to Eiffel Tower and bus80 directly to Champs Elysée and near ""rue du commerce"" and ""Champs de Mars""  (800m). Very functional 35 squared meters apartment with a comfortable living room, fully equipped kitchen and spacious bathroom. Furnished with a modern taste, you can discover Paris in comfort, the apartment being only 5 min from the metro station. The flat is located on the 6th floor of a modern building with elevator. It is located in a quiet street, 5 min away from La Motte Picquet Grenelle metro station, in the heart of the 15th district of Paris. Restaurants, shopping stored and bars are only few minutes away by foot in this very lively neighborhood. I am very easily reachable thourgh e-mail, text messages or by phone. I will come personally to deliver the keys and explain the neighborhood to you. Enjoy commerces around and the quiet place during the night, Champs de Mars is just near to wa"
11735	Hello, We are glad that you are planning to come to Paris and to try to enjoy the Parisian way of life !  We are three young-workers roommates living in a renoved duplex in the heart of Paris.  Before speaking in details about the bedroom and the appartement, lets introduce it a little. So the apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, near the subway station Pasteur (3 min walk). Its a peaceful and secure area with also some dynamism coming for the Montparnasse area which is nearby.  The two line stopping at Pasteur permits you to go East/West (Line 6) and North/South (Line 12) which is very convenient to go sightseeing. If you re not satisfied with it, a big further away (7min walk) the Gare MontParnasse offers way more lines to use ! And we don’t speak of bus lines, there are plenty of them passing near our apartment !  Down our street you can find restaurants, bars, boulangeries and supermarkets. You can do your shopping at Rue de Rennes or Tour MontParnasse (10 mins walk). A	Hi, one of our bedroom in our nice duplex in the center of Paris is available !  3 min from the subway you can reach any place in Paris easily.  We have a large and confortable living room, perfect to relax after a long day of sightseeing ! WIFI Hello, We are glad that you are planning to come to Paris and to try to enjoy the Parisian way of life !  We are three young-workers roommates living in a renoved duplex in the heart of Paris.  Before speaking in details about the bedroom and the appartement, lets introduce it a little. So the apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement, near the subway station Pasteur (3 min walk). Its a peaceful and secure area with also some dynamism coming for the Montparnasse area which is nearby.  The two line stopping at Pasteur permits you to go East/West (Line 6) and North/South (Line 12) which is very convenient to go sightseeing. If you re not satisfied with it, a big further away (7min walk) the Gare MontParnasse offers way more lines to use ! A
11736	C'est appartement est idéalement situé aussi bien pour les vacanciers avec tous les transports, métro, bus, tramway , que pour les exposants qui peuvent se rendre sur leurs stands en moins de 5 minutes. Appartement très lumineux de 40 m2 pour 2 à 5 personnes, à 2 pas du Parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles et juste en Face du parking du (website hidden) 4eme étage d'un immeuble moderne sécurisé par code et badge, avec ascenseur.  1 chambre avec lit double , tables de chevet, et grande armoire qui fait penderie. Table et fer à repasser fournis. Dans le salon :  Sofa type BZ , télévision, adsl et wifi et un lit pliant pour une personne adulte Table pour dîner avec rallonges jusqu'à 6 personnes.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée,Frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro onde, cafetière, bouilloire. Vous trouverez aussi dans les placards sel, poivre, huile, vinaigre, sucre. Salle de bain avec  baignoire, toilettes, lavabo, machine à lavée sur place, et séchoir à linge. Chauffage e	C'est appartement est idéalement situé aussi bien pour les vacanciers avec tous les transports, métro, bus, tramway , que pour les exposants qui peuvent se rendre sur leurs stands en moins de 5 minutes. Appartement très lumineux de 40 m2 pour 2 à 5 personnes, à 2 pas du Parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles et juste en Face du parking du (website hidden) 4eme étage d'un immeuble moderne sécurisé par code et badge, avec ascenseur.  1 chambre avec lit double , tables de chevet, et grande armoire qui fait penderie. Table et fer à repasser fournis. Dans le salon :  Sofa type BZ , télévision, adsl et wifi et un lit pliant pour une personne adulte Table pour dîner avec rallonges jusqu'à 6 personnes.  La cuisine est entièrement équipée,Frigidaire, plaques électriques, micro onde, cafetière, bouilloire. Vous trouverez aussi dans les placards sel, poivre, huile, vinaigre, sucre. Salle de bain avec  baignoire, toilettes, lavabo, machine à lavée sur place, et séchoir à linge. Chauffage e
11737	Charming apartment for 4 in the heart of Paris. Enjoy the bed for two and the sofa bed for two for a perfect night sleep, and be ready to explore Paris like a Parisian !	"5 minutes walking from the Eiffel tower, this charming apartment is the perfect place to enjoy Paris for up to 4 persons. Enjoy Paris the Parisian way, with lots of cafés, restaurants and shops in the area, while staying in a calm apartment. Charming apartment for 4 in the heart of Paris. Enjoy the bed for two and the sofa bed for two for a perfect night sleep, and be ready to explore Paris like a Parisian ! You can listen to some music (speakers available), check your emails (wifi) or use the washing machine. The flat is equipped with : - towels - fresh linen - wifi - hair dryer - washing machine - iron and table - oven - cooking rings  - fridge - small speakers with a jack cable - radio alarm clock I will be happy to share my hints and tips with you ! Enjoy the lively neighborhood, with lots of cafés, restaurants and shops.  A very safe but lively area, ideal to enjoy the Parisian way of life. Major metro station (""La Motte-Picquet Grenelle"") just down the flat.  Be anywhere in Paris"
11738	Appartement très spacieux entouré de nombreuses terrasses. Ambiance jeune et conviviale. ( nous sommes deux amis de 21 et 30 ans). 	Une grande chambre ensoleillée de 25m2 pour 1 ou 2 personnes donnant sur une grande terrasse. Une salle de bain à partager. La chambre se trouve dans un très spacieux appartement de 200m2 dans le 15ème arrondissement de Paris. Appartement très spacieux entouré de nombreuses terrasses. Ambiance jeune et conviviale. ( nous sommes deux amis de 21 et 30 ans). Vous aurez accès à l'entier logement ( salon cuisine et terrasses). Nous espérons des échanges conviviaux !! Rue de lourmel à proximité de la porte de Versaille, à deux pas du nouveau centre commercial Beaugrenelle et à 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel. M° BOUCICAUT OU CHARLES MICHELS
11739	2 large rooms in Montparnasse, the district of painters and artists of the early century. Now this neighborhood, lively, has many shops, restaurants and movies, and also theaters  Rue de la Gaite. Rue de Rennes take you close to Saint Germain des Pres. The apartment, light and airy overlooking the gardens, it is also very quiet. Okay amménagé modern king size bed and a sofa bed 1 person and a another coach for 1 person  in the living room. Well-equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, TV, Wireless Internet Beautiful bathroom.	2 large rooms in Montparnasse, the district of painters and artists of the early century. Now this neighborhood, lively, has many shops, restaurants and movies, and also theaters  Rue de la Gaite. Rue de Rennes take you close to Saint Germain des Pres. The apartment, light and airy overlooking the gardens, it is also very quiet. Okay amménagé modern king size bed and a sofa bed 1 person and a another coach for 1 person  in the living room. Well-equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, TV, Wireless Internet Beautiful bathroom.
11740	l'appartement à :  2 chambre avec lit double, un séjour une cuisine, une salle de douche et des toilettes. Il est dans un immeuble typique Haussmannien au 1er étage (ascensseur utilisable cependant). Exposé plein sud, il est lumineux. Il est situé à 1 minutes du métro lourmel (ligne 8).	Appartement magnifique dans un immeuble ancien, doté du caché typique parisien. Entièrement remis à neuf, il est fonctionnel et lumineux.  La rue calme à des services (station essence, super-market, boulangerie, pharmacie,) à proximité (- de 2 min) l'appartement à :  2 chambre avec lit double, un séjour une cuisine, une salle de douche et des toilettes. Il est dans un immeuble typique Haussmannien au 1er étage (ascensseur utilisable cependant). Exposé plein sud, il est lumineux. Il est situé à 1 minutes du métro lourmel (ligne 8). Je suis là pour accueillir les voyageurs et leur donner en main propre les clés. Même chose pour le départ. Restant souvent à paris pendant que je loue, je suis disponible pour répondre aux problèmes des voyageurs pendant leur séjour. Le 15ème arrondissement est un arrondissement familiale et calme tout en restant très proche du centre ville. 1minutes du métro Lourmel ligne 8.  3minutes du métro Balard ligne 8 Station de bus 42 en face de l'appartement.  5 mi
11741	Situé au 2° étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est un 2 pièces de 35 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisinière, four, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, micro-onde, grille-pain, bouilloire). Donnant sur une petite rue peu passante, face à un immeuble bas, l'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Il a été entièrement refait il y a 5 ans, et les peintures sont refaites tous les 2 ans. La chambre comprend 1 lit double 140x190, ainsi qu'une grande penderie. Le séjour comprend un canapé lit en 140x190 de bonne qualité (vrai matelas confortable), 1 table basse qui se monte à hauteur afin d'assoir 4 à 6 personnes pour déjeuner et un petit meuble TV avec téléviseur et lecteur DVD intégré. La cuisine (ouverte sur le séjour) est entièrement équipée avec tout le nécessaire en casseroles, poêles, assiettes, couverts, verres... 	Idéalement situé, quartier Motte Piquet Grenelle, très commerçant. 2 min à pieds métro 6, 8 et 10. 5 minutes à pieds de la Tour Eiffel. 2 pièces 35 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisiniere, four, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, grille-pain, bouilloir) Situé au 2° étage sans ascenseur, l'appartement est un 2 pièces de 35 m2, tout équipé (tv, internet wifi, cuisinière, four, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge/sèche-linge, micro-onde, grille-pain, bouilloire). Donnant sur une petite rue peu passante, face à un immeuble bas, l'appartement est très lumineux et calme. Il a été entièrement refait il y a 5 ans, et les peintures sont refaites tous les 2 ans. La chambre comprend 1 lit double 140x190, ainsi qu'une grande penderie. Le séjour comprend un canapé lit en 140x190 de bonne qualité (vrai matelas confortable), 1 table basse qui se monte à hauteur afin d'assoir 4 à 6 personnes pour déjeuner et un petit meuble TV avec téléviseur et lecteur DVD intégré. La cuisine (ouverte sur le séjou
11742	Housing is in the old style 1900. It is a very quiet apartment overlooking courtyard with secure intercom and caretaker.	    Confortable apartment of 60m2 rue de Vaugirard (metro Convention, line 12) close district Montparnasse with 2 larges bedrooms for 6 persons, living room, bathroom, separated WC, kitchen. Bed linen and towels are provided during the stay.                Housing is in the old style 1900. It is a very quiet apartment overlooking courtyard with secure intercom and caretaker. All parts and storage are accessible to the occupants and the apartment is fully equipped for your stay. Internet and WIFI is available in the apartment to connect your equipment. The 15th district of Paris is located south-west of the city. The area has many cafes, small restaurants and typical food markets of the French tradition. The 15th district of Paris is located south-west of the city. The area has many cafes, small restaurants and typical food markets of the French tradition. 50 € cleaning fee takes into account the provision of bed linen and towels beginning of stay and household care at end of stay.
11743	Our lovely apartment is in a very accessible place in Paris with plenty of nice bars, restaurants and cafés nearby.  Around the flat you’ll find many monuments and turistics places like the famous Eiffel Tower, the  Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles, the Palais des Sports,  André Citroën and Suzanne Lenglen Parks, the quai de Seine,  the new shopping center : Beaugrenelle etc.  It will be a nice place to stay for your trip to Paris. 	"Located in the South West of Paris, this apartment for 2-4 persons (2 beds) is easily accessible from some main famous places in Paris as ""The Eiffel Tower"" in 15-20 minutes with the subway. The apartment is fully equipped and functional Our lovely apartment is in a very accessible place in Paris with plenty of nice bars, restaurants and cafés nearby.  Around the flat you’ll find many monuments and turistics places like the famous Eiffel Tower, the  Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles, the Palais des Sports,  André Citroën and Suzanne Lenglen Parks, the quai de Seine,  the new shopping center : Beaugrenelle etc.  It will be a nice place to stay for your trip to Paris. All roads lead home !  Especially:  - Bus n°39 (Stop Lycée Louis Armand) located immediately in front of our building front door - Métros:  Lourmel (ligne 8) 5 min on foot Convention (ligne 12) 10 on foot You can also use:  - The tramway T3 Desnouettes 10 min  on foot T2 Porte de Versailles 12 min on foot Station Aut"
11744	Proche de tout et calme	Oui, j'échange avec les voyageurs en fonction de mes disponibilités, je vous donnerai toutes les informations necessaire pour visiter la ville.
11745	Apartment perfect for 2 persons with a large living room with an equipped open-kitchen.  The bedroom has an amazing and unique view on the eiffel tower. The bathroom has a bath.	Apartment perfect for 2 persons with a large living room with an equipped open-kitchen.  The bedroom has an amazing and unique view on the eiffel tower. The bathroom has a bath. The apartment is all equipped and everything is there for you like coffee machine, dish washer, two television, a dvd player, a washing machine and a dryer, etc... I will welcome you by myself and be there in case of problems You will be the neighbourg of the Eiffel Tower ! You have easy access with metro, rer, or bus.
11746	A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Appartement calme de 40m2 avec une chambre (lit double King Size), un salon fermé (faisant office de seconde chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places), une salle de douche (à l'italienne), une cuisine tout équipée. Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes.	A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Appartement calme de 40m2 avec une chambre , un salon fermé (faisant office de seconde chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places), une salle de douche (à l'italienne), une cuisine tout équipée ... A 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel et à 2 minutes des commerces. Appartement calme de 40m2 avec une chambre (lit double King Size), un salon fermé (faisant office de seconde chambre avec un canapé-lit 2 places), une salle de douche (à l'italienne), une cuisine tout équipée. Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. -Télévision (cable HD) -Internet fibre optique -Lave-vaisselle -Réfrigérateur/Congélateur -Machine à café Nespresso (10 capsules offertes) -Lave-linge/Étendoir/Fer à repasser -Sèche cheveux -1 Bouteille de vin offerte Je serais présent pour la remise des clés et joignable à tout moment !  -La Tour Eiffel -Champ de Mars -Trocadéro -Rue du Commerce -École Militaire -Centre commercial Beaugrenelle -Pont Bir-Hakeim Arrêt de métro : La Motte-Picque
11747	Vous trouverez des peintures, des photos, des guitares, le tout dans un quartier paisible !	Beau trois pièces de 50 m2, dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris.  A coté du métro Boucicaut (ligne 8).  À deux pas de la tour Eiffel,  et à 10 minutes d'Opéra en métro. Vous trouverez des peintures, des photos, des guitares, le tout dans un quartier paisible ! Vous avez accés au logement entier !
11748	Quartier calme, à 5minutes de la Tour Eiffel, très bien distribué avec le métro, et accès Velib et Autolib tous proches	Apartment situated in the heart of the 15th arrondissement of Paris close to Rue du Commerce. Apartment 60 m², loft style , large bedroom, 180x200 bed, modern bathroom , large fitted kitchen open to the living Access to the entire apartment I will be available by phone, sms during your period of stay in Paris. Brightly painted doors and tidy boucheries create a classic Parisian ambiance in Vaugirard. Walking through this everyday neighborhood’s park spaces and stone plazas makes you feel right at home, if home were a centuries-old rustic paradise. Except for its main boulevards that tout bars and brasseries, Vaugirard is quiet, residential, - a perfect combination when you’re looking for a serene respite amidst the clamor of Paris. The apartment is located near the metro Vaugirard , Commerce, Cambronne and Émile Zola
11749	Bright and calm 2 rooms apartment - 5th foor - Elevator - Flat overlooking a wide courtyard  1 bedroom with a double bed A living room with a convertible sofa for 1 pers. (120 cm large) and a bed for a child if necessary A kitchen independant from the living room and a bathroom with a bath and shower - WC independant from the bathroom 	2 rooms apartment overlooking the courtyard, very quiet and bright 5th floor with lift. Kitchen separated from the living room. 1 dobble bed and 2 single beds. 15 min walk far from the Eiffel Tower. Shopping, restaurants and good food shops nearby.  Bright and calm 2 rooms apartment - 5th foor - Elevator - Flat overlooking a wide courtyard  1 bedroom with a double bed A living room with a convertible sofa for 1 pers. (120 cm large) and a bed for a child if necessary A kitchen independant from the living room and a bathroom with a bath and shower - WC independant from the bathroom You can use the whole apartment kitchen living room and bedroom and bathroom. A big wardrobe is available for (website hidden) (fiber connected - loads of chanel) Wifi - Phone - printer   I can give you information about your way to go where you want good shops and restaurants around the partment. I will stay very near and available for any requirement or problem. Very quiet and very safe.  Very famous street 
11750	Charming and cosy flat in an old house with quiet and friendly neighbors with natural light in all rooms. 1 bedroom, 1 living room with convertible Sofa, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen • The living room is equipped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, high speed Wifi, table and chairs, sofa and armchair.  • The kitchen contains a refrigerator, ceramic induction stove, oven, Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle, dishwasher, washing machine, dishes and cutlery.  • Bed linen and towels are provided as well as basics - paper towels, toilet paper, shower gel and shampoo if needed.  	Charming and sunny apartment in a safe and lively area of Paris, walking distance from Eiffel tower, Mall (Beaugrenelle) shops and transports.  Large living room, 1 bedroom facing the quiet inner courtyard of the building and a fully-equipped kitchen Charming and cosy flat in an old house with quiet and friendly neighbors with natural light in all rooms. 1 bedroom, 1 living room with convertible Sofa, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen • The living room is equipped with a smart TV set with cable TV, radio, high speed Wifi, table and chairs, sofa and armchair.  • The kitchen contains a refrigerator, ceramic induction stove, oven, Nespresso coffee machine and a kettle, dishwasher, washing machine, dishes and cutlery.  • Bed linen and towels are provided as well as basics - paper towels, toilet paper, shower gel and shampoo if needed. As a guest in our home, you'll have access to everything. We wish you'll feel comfortable and treat our place as it was yours I appreciate meeting our guests and have th
11751	"In a small and cute 19th century building, on the 4th and last floor (no elevator). Lovely view on the quiet courtyard of the building, and over the rooftops: typically Parisian.  Entrance is in the kitchen, (5m² / 6 sq yds) with all the appliances needed: glass ceramic cooktop 4 burners, refrigerator, traditional oven, micro-wave, coffee maker, cutlery and crockery... It's very bright, thanks to the skylight. It's apart from the living room (no cooking smells, yay!) In the living room, a sofa bed (double 4.6""x6.3"") and a very comfy futon (small double 4""x6.3"") in a separate alcove; A flatscreen TV (32"") for a movie night if it's raining or to rest after a trekking day in Paris ;) Wireless Internet, and a Wii. Something you should know: the bathroom is not in the apartment per say, it's the door across the hall. But I'm the only owner, I have a key and I'm the only one using it. I have just one neighbor who has her own bathroom and I never see her.  I just remade it entirely last summe"	"Big studio flat, with its own kitchen, facing the south. Feel a true parisian atmosphere in a building from the 19th century, and a flat I decorated with my heart. Neighbours are quiet and friendly, view on a courtyard. Metro stops around the corner! In a small and cute 19th century building, on the 4th and last floor (no elevator). Lovely view on the quiet courtyard of the building, and over the rooftops: typically Parisian.  Entrance is in the kitchen, (5m² / 6 sq yds) with all the appliances needed: glass ceramic cooktop 4 burners, refrigerator, traditional oven, micro-wave, coffee maker, cutlery and crockery... It's very bright, thanks to the skylight. It's apart from the living room (no cooking smells, yay!) In the living room, a sofa bed (double 4.6""x6.3"") and a very comfy futon (small double 4""x6.3"") in a separate alcove; A flatscreen TV (32"") for a movie night if it's raining or to rest after a trekking day in Paris ;) Wireless Internet, and a Wii. Something you should know: th"
11752	Full equiped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer,a hoven and a micro wave.   There is a room with a real good bed and a couch in the living room wich can convert to a (website hidden) and wifi Internet	Calm 2 rooms flat with a swim pool and parking. 50 square meters. Fully equipped (towels, TV, wifi). 4 people can sleep in the appartment (one king size bed and one couch for 2). Big kitchen. 7 minutes walk from the metro (L12) and the tramway (L3). Full equiped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer,a hoven and a micro wave.   There is a room with a real good bed and a couch in the living room wich can convert to a (website hidden) and wifi Internet A lis of good restaurants , and monuments to visit will be provided. Sheets and towels are also provided. . The neighborhood (in the center of the 15th)  is really pleasant and presents a lot of shops You will find a real neghboord life only few minutes from her heart of Paris the flat is only 7 mintues by f tiit to the line 12 (sub) and the line  T3 (Tramway). A lot of Bike stations are also around the appartment.
11753	The apartment is big 63 m2 with, has a big bedroom and a large kitchen + leaving room. It is spacious, bright, quiet and well located in a 'bourgeois' district of Paris, safe and lively. Just 50 meters from the Metro Vaugirard. Its on the 3rd floor, has view to the street and is very quiet. In a 'Hausmann' style building, typically parisian, very safe :  - 2 doors with code  - elevator  - wood floor	Lovely, comfortable and large room up 2 in a very calm street of Paris, very well located, walk distance to a metro station, near the Eiffel Tower and Saint Germain, in a freshly apartment and a typical Parisian building. Wi-fi, Closet, Elevator. The apartment is big 63 m2 with, has a big bedroom and a large kitchen + leaving room. It is spacious, bright, quiet and well located in a 'bourgeois' district of Paris, safe and lively. Just 50 meters from the Metro Vaugirard. Its on the 3rd floor, has view to the street and is very quiet. In a 'Hausmann' style building, typically parisian, very safe :  - 2 doors with code  - elevator  - wood floor Private bedroom for 2 : bed sheets, high quality blanket and pillows included  Closet with hanging space  Shared bathroom : towels included, hairdryer  Shared living room : I am often in that room but you are welcome to use it to watch a movie or relax a bit (Bang & Olufsen iPod speaker, TV, + dinning table.  Kitchen : the kitchen is only available
11754	Lumineux, bel espace. Avec de nombreuses fenêtres. Magnifique lever de soleil.	55 mètres carrés  , métro Commerce, 7 éme étage avec ascenseur,  vue sur les toits de paris, et même le chapeau de dame tour Eiffel. Très lumineux donnant sur une place  .exposé Est   Peut loger quatre personnes   15 mn à pied  de la tour Eiffel Lumineux, bel espace. Avec de nombreuses fenêtres. Magnifique lever de soleil. Métro commerce (ligne 8), ou arrêt de bus en bas de l'immeuble (ligne 70 ou 88) A 10 minutes à pied de la station la motte piquet grenelle (ligne 6, 8 et 10) Commerces, rue commerçante à 2 minutes ,   Monoprix en bas de la maison ouvert jusqu'à minuit. Grand square en bas de l'immeuble   quartier familial et tranquille Soit en voiture , possibilité de se garer dans les rues adjacentes. En métro (ligne 6, 8 et 10) très proche. En rer C métro Javel à 10 minutes à pied. En bus ligne 88 et 70, l'arrêt violet se situe en bas de l'immeuble. Au plaisir de vous accueillir. Immeuble 1925 en pierre et brique récemment ravalé. Ascenseur typiquement parisien. 
11755		Bel appartement situé dans 15ème arrondissement à 5min du métro Félix Faure et Charles Michels et 20 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel !
11756		Petit studio central au pied de la ligne 12 du métro / 2 min ligne 4 / 5 min de la ligne 6 et 13 / 10 min ligne 10. 6ème étage sans ascenseur mais la vue (sur tout Paris Nord) récompense l'effort. Peut loger 2 personnes dans un vrai canapé lit (canapé d'angle IKEA) très confortable, très calme puisqu'il ne donne pas sur la rue. Petite Salle d'eau (douche, wc, lavabo). Cuisine aménagé (2 plaques, frigo, évier...) L'appartement est situé dans le 6ème arrondissement et au croisement du 14ème et du 15ème arrondissement.  L'appartement est situé idéalement au portes du très chic quartier de Saint-Germain-des-Près. Vous avez accès directement aux invalides, au jardin du Luxembourg et à la tour Montparnasse.  Nombreux commerces, bars, ouverts tard L'appartement est au pied de la ligne 12. La ligne 4 est à 2 min à pied Les lignes 6 et 13 sont à 5 min à pied La ligne 10 à 10 min à pied Et les quais de la Gare Montparnasse sont à 10 min à pied
11757	Appartement très bien situé, proche Tour Eiffel et tous commerces.  Dans immeuble avec ascenseur. Grand séjour avec canapé lit deux places, 1 chambre avec lit deux places, salle de bain, WC séparés, cuisine et balcon. Remise des clés en mains propres Quartier dynamique et familial. Proximité la Motte Picquet-Grenelle,Tour Eiffel et Centre Beaugrenelle avec commerces et cinéma. Ligne 6 du métro parisien. A 15 min de la gare Montparnasse.	Appartement très bien situé, proche Tour Eiffel et tous commerces.  Dans immeuble avec ascenseur. Grand séjour avec canapé lit deux places, 1 chambre avec lit deux places, salle de bain, WC séparés, cuisine et balcon. Remise des clés en mains propres Quartier dynamique et familial. Proximité la Motte Picquet-Grenelle,Tour Eiffel et Centre Beaugrenelle avec commerces et cinéma. Ligne 6 du métro parisien. A 15 min de la gare Montparnasse. Ascenseur. Draps propres. Internet par le wifi.  Cuisine équipée : réfrigérateur, lave-linge, plaque de cuisson, four micro-ondes et machine à café.  Echange par mail Quartier dynamique mais familial. Proximité la Motte Picquet-Grenelle,Tour Eiffel et Centre Beaugrenelle avec commerces et cinéma. Métro ligne 6 Stationnement dans la rue gratuit le weekend Parking Vinci à proximité Préférence pour location au weekend 
11758		l' appart comprends 3 chambres dont 2 avec balcon avec 3 lits doubles. 1 salle de bain  1 salle d'eau. Un très beau séjour salon avec balcon plein sud et cuisine ouverte  Une place de parking en sous sol dans une résidence calme et verdoyante A proximité de la tour Eiffel Metro à 5 minutes à pied
11759		Idéalement situé, à deux minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel. Studio très agréable, super pour un couple ( possibilité troisième personnes ).  Studio very close to the Eiffeil Tower.
11760	L'appartement est un 2 pièces de 45 m² entièrement rénové, équipé et décoré avec goût. Il est situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur). Il est lumineux (pas de vis-à-vis) et calme (très peu bruit de jour comme de nuit). Il est idéal pour un couple avec enfants, ou deux couples (maximum 4 pers.). A deux pas de la rue du Commerce et à 20 min. à pied du Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, son emplacement est idéal.  Il vous suffit de sortir de la rue calme pour vous retrouver dans un des quartiers les plus commerçants de Paris. Avec toutes commodités : supermarchés, cafés, boulangerie, restaurants, prêt-à-porter… tout est à moins de 50 mètres. Très bien desservi (ligne 6, 8 et 10 du métro) vous êtes en moins de 20 minutes de tous les monuments de Paris.  L'appartement est composé : * D'un grand salon (22 m²) équipé d'un canapé  convertible (couchage confortable de 2 places), d'une TV avec accès à un large bouquet de chaînes, ainsi que du Wifi/Internet. * D'une cuisine américaine ouverte sur le séjour 	Entièrement rénové et décoré avec goût, ce 2 pièces de 45 m² est très lumineux, calme et sans vis-à-vis. A deux pas de la rue du Commerce (Paris 15), proche de toutes commodités et très facile d’accès, il est idéal pour visiter Paris. L'appartement est un 2 pièces de 45 m² entièrement rénové, équipé et décoré avec goût. Il est situé au 2ème étage (sans ascenseur). Il est lumineux (pas de vis-à-vis) et calme (très peu bruit de jour comme de nuit). Il est idéal pour un couple avec enfants, ou deux couples (maximum 4 pers.). A deux pas de la rue du Commerce et à 20 min. à pied du Champ de Mars-Tour Eiffel, son emplacement est idéal.  Il vous suffit de sortir de la rue calme pour vous retrouver dans un des quartiers les plus commerçants de Paris. Avec toutes commodités : supermarchés, cafés, boulangerie, restaurants, prêt-à-porter… tout est à moins de 50 mètres. Très bien desservi (ligne 6, 8 et 10 du métro) vous êtes en moins de 20 minutes de tous les monuments de Paris.  L'appartement es
11761	It's really quiet, overlooking a courtyard with lot of plants and flowers. 55 square meters.	Quiet appartment in a lively neighbourhood : metro, shops & restaurants around, 15 mns walk to Eiffel Tower. Large main room, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with tub, one bedroom for 2 and a convertible sofa bed. Friendly neighbour for assistance. It's really quiet, overlooking a courtyard with lot of plants and flowers. 55 square meters. It's our place and you can be there during our holidays ; that mean, you have everything for your comfort and daily life.  We will not be there during your stay but we can keep in touch and our next door neighbour will provide you keys and can assist you (in French, but she's very sweet ;-) Not in the heart of the city, but really close to anywhere by metro and 15 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower. Very safe area with lots of families. Good foods shops and groceries (bakery, cheese, wine, vegetables...) at the corner of the street. Restaurant, cinema, ...  2 minutes walk to Metro Felix Faure, line 8. From CDG Airport, the bus arrives at Opera which is
11762	"Very nice 1 bedroom typically Parisian (parquet floor, fireplace, with real separated living room), at sixth and last floor. Fully glazed elevator access. It is located in the district of La Motte Piquet Grenelle, at 2 minute by foot to ""Rue du Commerce"" and close to the Eiffel Tower! The metro station ""La Motte Piquet Grenelle"" is located at 5 minutes walk, you will find 3 Metro lines 6, 8 and 10 (details below). The neighborhood is very lively (and the apartment very quiet!), You will find many shops, restaurants, bars ... But the apartment itself is in a quiet street. The apartment includes: - 1 bedroom with a king-size bed of 180 x 190cm - 1 spacious living room with open view, with flat screen TV, high speed internet, WiFi, stereo, a very comfortable sofa bed, a real dining table and 6 chairs.. - 1 kitchen opened on the living room with oven, hob, fridge, washing machine, kettle, toaster, espresso coffee machine - 1 bathroom with a nice shower The apartment is very bright thanks t"	"Charming 1 bedroom flat, located at 6th and last floor, with glassed elevator. Open views! Fully furnished with cable TV, wifi fast internet, oven, dishwasher, induction cooker... Excellent location near subway, shops (rue du Commerce), restaurants... Very nice 1 bedroom typically Parisian (parquet floor, fireplace, with real separated living room), at sixth and last floor. Fully glazed elevator access. It is located in the district of La Motte Piquet Grenelle, at 2 minute by foot to ""Rue du Commerce"" and close to the Eiffel Tower! The metro station ""La Motte Piquet Grenelle"" is located at 5 minutes walk, you will find 3 Metro lines 6, 8 and 10 (details below). The neighborhood is very lively (and the apartment very quiet!), You will find many shops, restaurants, bars ... But the apartment itself is in a quiet street. The apartment includes: - 1 bedroom with a king-size bed of 180 x 190cm - 1 spacious living room with open view, with flat screen TV, high speed internet, WiFi, stereo, a"
11763	Appartement de charme et refait à neuf, 30m² mélangeant l'ancien et le moderne, idéal pour un couple désirant visiter Paris, dans un quartier romantique. Canapé-lit dans le salon donc possibilité de 4 couchages. Très calme (situé dans une cour intérieure) et lumineux (traversant). L'appartement est situé au 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble (de 3 étages) sans ascenseur, situé dans une cour intérieure, sur la place Charles Michel (digicode à l'entrée principale). Salle de bain avec douche en excellent état. Coin cuisine totalement équipé. Lave et sèche linge, ventilateur, planche et fer à repasser, ordinateur à disposition. Wifi public au Mac Donald, situé sur le trottoir d'en face.	Appartement parisien refait à neuf et gardant le charme l'ancien (parquet, moulures), idéalement placé, sur la place Charles Michel, calme (cour intérieure), au pied du métro (ligne 10)/bus 70 et 42, commerces, centre Beaugrenelle et quais de seine. Appartement de charme et refait à neuf, 30m² mélangeant l'ancien et le moderne, idéal pour un couple désirant visiter Paris, dans un quartier romantique. Canapé-lit dans le salon donc possibilité de 4 couchages. Très calme (situé dans une cour intérieure) et lumineux (traversant). L'appartement est situé au 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble (de 3 étages) sans ascenseur, situé dans une cour intérieure, sur la place Charles Michel (digicode à l'entrée principale). Salle de bain avec douche en excellent état. Coin cuisine totalement équipé. Lave et sèche linge, ventilateur, planche et fer à repasser, ordinateur à disposition. Wifi public au Mac Donald, situé sur le trottoir d'en face. Accès à tout le logement. Je suis joignable par téléphone h24.
11764	Come in my Romantic place near Eiffel Tower, you will be a real Parisian ! There is everything you need in my studio; candles, vinyles and you could buy good wine close to me to do a perfect romantic dinner!	Come in my Romantic place near Eiffel Tower, you will be a real Parisian ! There is everything you need in my studio; candles, vinyles and you could buy good wine close to me to do a perfect romantic dinner! La Motte-Picquet Grenelle - métro : ligne 6,8,10 - bus 80 
11765	Unique location! Highest concentration of michelin star restaurants... 3 of the most famous cheese shops of paris, 3 wine shops, 2 supermarkets, 1 fish shop, 2 boulangeries, 2 fruit shops, 6 cafes with their famous french terrasse... In the same street as the appartment! Tour eiffel, grand palais, musee d orsay at walking distance Also perfect for shopping with avenue Montaigne and the Champs Elysees just across the Seine	Enjoy the finest parisian life in my appartment ideally situated in the very center of paris. Restaurants, museums, shopping av Montaigne or champs elysees at walking distance. The appartment has a working chemney to recover after the exciting days you will have. See you soon! Unique location! Highest concentration of michelin star restaurants... 3 of the most famous cheese shops of paris, 3 wine shops, 2 supermarkets, 1 fish shop, 2 boulangeries, 2 fruit shops, 6 cafes with their famous french terrasse... In the same street as the appartment! Tour eiffel, grand palais, musee d orsay at walking distance Also perfect for shopping with avenue Montaigne and the Champs Elysees just across the Seine The appartment is fully furbished (fresh and clean linen and towels at your arrival) Wi fi, cable TV and blue ray  Washing machine, dish washer and oven Plenty of french and english books You can reach me on my mobile during the time of the stay Champs de Mars Eiffel Tower Trocadero Champs Elyse
11766		Appartement de style parisien, parquet ancien, moulures, composé de  deux chambres indépendantes et d'un séjour salle à manger ainsi que d'une salle de bains ( douche), cuisine, et wc séparé. Situe entre les stations Balard et porte de Versailles.
11767	This 50m² appartment is fully-equiped and newly furbished (open kitchen with fridge, oven, microwave, washing-machine and dishwasher - large lounge with dining area - large bed in the bedroom plus convertible sofa - two large TVs). The big plus is the large window that occupies the entire length of the apartment and let plenty of light in. However, electric shutters can be closed to avoid sunlight in the morning. Bathroom with bathtub and toilet inside.	This cosy and classy appartment is a perfect suite for a romantic escape in Paris. You will enjoy having breakfast on the terrace, covered and flowered, with  It is located in a recent residence, 50m from two subway stations.
11768	10m² balcony, with real view on the Eiffel Tower	38sqm apartment, with balcony and real view on the Eiffel Tower.  1 living room with open kitchen and a balcon also on the Eiffel tower,  1 room with a double bed and balcony on the Eiffel tower,  1 brand new bathroom with toilets and bathtub 10m² balcony, with real view on the Eiffel Tower access to the whole flat, balcony, wifi, towels, food (please replace what you use) We will be away, maybe we will meet to give you the keys Central, quiet, safe, plenty shops and restaurant, lots to visit around just next to subway station Dupleix or La Motte Piquet Grenelle and Emile Zola
11769	The room you will sleep in is well-lit and furnished with a double bed and shelves. This is the room of my roommate that we make available as he is away on business trips. The apartment itself is two bedrooms, 56 sq. m, in a classic Parisian Haussman building, with a large living room, bathroom and well-equipped kitchen. Internet and TV are provided.	The apartment is a french style apartment located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute radius. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a short walk away. The metros are super clo The room you will sleep in is well-lit and furnished with a double bed and shelves. This is the room of my roommate that we make available as he is away on business trips. The apartment itself is two bedrooms, 56 sq. m, in a classic Parisian Haussman building, with a large living room, bathroom and well-equipped kitchen. Internet and TV are provided. You will have access to all the rooms excepted my bedroom. The apartment is a french style apartment located in a lovely neighborhood, with lots of bakeries, restaurants, grocery and clothing stores within a 3 minute radius. The Eiffel tower (Champ de Mars) is just a short walk away. The metros are super close : Emile Zola (line 10) and Motte-Picquet Grenelle (lines 6, 8 and 10), allowing conv
11770	C'est une chambre refaite à neuf dans un 3 pièces qui est situé dans le 15em arrondissement de  Paris qui est un arrondissement très prisé et très recherché.	C'est une chambre refaite à neuf dans un 3 pièces qui est situé dans le 15em arrondissement de  Paris qui est un arrondissement très prisé et très recherché. Gare Montparnasse à 10 minutes en métro. Chambre à cotés du métro convention ligne 12 qui donne accès à tous Paris très rapidement. Quartier calme et chic donc aucun soucis du coup pour rentrer tard et seul même pour une femme non accompagné. Si les voyageurs veulent que nous échangions; que ce soit par des musées ou des endroits dans Paris qui valent le coup d’œil je suis disposé à leurs montrer quelques coins incomparable. Dans mon quartier j'aime le calme, le marché deux matinée par semaine en bas de chez moi, le parc George Brassens tout à coté, les Salons de la porte de Versailles comme la foire de Paris ou le salon de l'agriculture. Un petit cinémas au métro convention ou j habite ou un petit verre dans les nombreux bars qui sont dans la rue. Vous pouvez y accéder en Métro, en bus, en voiture et l 'aéroport d'Orly est à 25 m
11771		One bedroom flat in a charming and typical Paris building (haussmann style) with all amenities. Wooden floor everywhere and modern bathroom. This cool apartment is located near the montparnasse tower and only 5 stations to the Eiffel tower!
11772	"Pleasant and comfortable 2 rooms 45m² ideal for a couple.  Located in a quiet apartment is a few minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero. The apartment is on the 28th floor of a luxury building in the towers of the ""front of the Seine"" and has a beautiful light and a great view of Paris, the Seine, the Trocadero and the sunset during June, July and August. It consists of a bedroom, a large living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate wc. In the room is a large wardrobe and a very comfortable (linens provided) bed. The room has all the necessary features (high speed internet access WIFI, Canal +, TV plasma). The kitchen is fully equipped and new (multi-function oven, fridge / freezer, stove, cookware and dishes provided). The bathroom has a bathtub and a washing machine, hair dryer and a dry towel (towels provided). Separate toilet. Metro: line 10 (Charles Michel), line 6 (Bir Hakeim) and line 8 (Commerce) Bus: 70, 42, 88 Taxi: Taxi or Place Charles Michel G7: (phone num"	"Pleasant and comfortable 2 rooms 484sq, ideal for a couple. Located in a quiet area a few minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero. The apartment is on the 28th floor of the building. View. Nearby metro and shops. Pleasant and comfortable 2 rooms 45m² ideal for a couple.  Located in a quiet apartment is a few minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero. The apartment is on the 28th floor of a luxury building in the towers of the ""front of the Seine"" and has a beautiful light and a great view of Paris, the Seine, the Trocadero and the sunset during June, July and August. It consists of a bedroom, a large living room, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate wc. In the room is a large wardrobe and a very comfortable (linens provided) bed. The room has all the necessary features (high speed internet access WIFI, Canal +, TV plasma). The kitchen is fully equipped and new (multi-function oven, fridge / freezer, stove, cookware and dishes provided). The bathroom has a bathtub "
11773	Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you!   This original and very amazing 65m² apartment is situated in the 15th district of Paris. On the third floor with lift, you will have access to a parking box in the basement of the building. It will cost you 10 euros per day.  The living room is traditionally designed with old chairs, and a large comfortable sofa! There is also a little table on which you will be able to take a breakfast in the morning. This room is delightful, and bright, with big glass windows.  There are 2 bedrooms which contains 2 large beds so that 4 persons can easily be accomodated. also you will find a little crib adapted for a baby so 5 people can be accomodated if you have a baby. :) In one room there is also a desk, so that you will be able to work if you ever need it.  The living room and the two b	Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you!   Look at this amazing traditionally design flat in the 15th district of Paris! This brand new flat is really amazing, well designed, and spacious, you will appreciate its style and comfort. It will captivate you!   This original and very amazing 65m² apartment is situated in the 15th district of Paris. On the third floor with lift, you will have access to a parking box in the basement of the building. It will cost you 10 euros per day.  The living room is traditionally designed with old chairs, and a large comfortable sofa! There is also a little table on which you will be able to take a breakfast in the morning. This room is delightful, and bright, with big glass windows.  There are 2 bedrooms which contains 2 large beds so that 4 persons can easily be accomodated. also you w
11774	- Pièce principale lumineuse, avec parquet, équipée d’un  canapé-lit BZ matelas Bultex très confortable  - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Grande cuisine comprenant machine à laver, four, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson, vaisselle… - Appartement situé au 2ème étage - Décoration soignée	L’appartement se situe au cœur du 15ème arrondissement juste à côté de la rue Saint-Charles (rue très commerçante). Le quartier est très animé : bars, restaurants, centre commercial Beaugrenelle, parc André Citroën, Tour Eiffel... - Pièce principale lumineuse, avec parquet, équipée d’un  canapé-lit BZ matelas Bultex très confortable  - Salle de bain avec baignoire - Grande cuisine comprenant machine à laver, four, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson, vaisselle… - Appartement situé au 2ème étage - Décoration soignée L’appartement est proche des stations Charles Michel et Lourmel. Le quartier est très animé : bars, restaurants de tous types, centre commercial Beaugrenelle, salles de sports, parc André Citroën, quai de seine et guinguettes, Aquaboulevard, Tour Eiffel, Musée du quai Branly… Je suis sure que vous serez ravis de votre séjour
11775	C'est un appartement hôtel. A votre arrivée vous êtes reçus comme dans un hôtel. Important cet appartement n'est louable tous les ans que la 3 ème semaine de Juin.	It is an appartment hôtel wich is praiseworthy only 17 till June 2015
11776	- Un loft avec séjour de 40 m² dont 30m²n atelier, plus de 4m de hauteur et donnant sur terrasse plein Sud, au 8e et dernier étage (ascenseur) - Rénové récemment avec de beaux matériaux. - Cuisine très bien aménagée et équipée. - SdB avec douche à l'italienne entièrement refaite. - Equipement bébé complet (y/c baignoire)	Beautiful loft ( 75 m2) very bright and calm, for 2-4 adults or a family ; Ideally situated, a few metro stops to mots Paris highlights. Lovely terrace and views over roofs and the Invalides. Vibrant neighborhood. Shops / bars / restaurants - Un loft avec séjour de 40 m² dont 30m²n atelier, plus de 4m de hauteur et donnant sur terrasse plein Sud, au 8e et dernier étage (ascenseur) - Rénové récemment avec de beaux matériaux. - Cuisine très bien aménagée et équipée. - SdB avec douche à l'italienne entièrement refaite. - Equipement bébé complet (y/c baignoire) Accès à tout, mezzanine pas adaptée pour les enfants - Interdiction d'utiliser vêtements et affaires personnelles (notamment ordinateur, etc..) Souhaité car il s'agit de notre résidence principale - le Champ de Mars et la Tour Eiffel tout près, les quais de Seine à 10mn - les commerces et la brasserie de la rue du Commerce (notamment le primeur et la boulangerie bio au coin de la rue) ; marché mercredi et dimanche matin - Grand cent
11777		Chambre moderne, équipée, dans le 15ème, proche Tour Effeil, parc des expositions et nombreux commerces, au pied du metro convention (ligne 12) Télévision, Wifi, AirPlay, matériel hifi A 5 minutes de la Gare Montparnasse
11778		Charmant 2 pièces de 35m2 dans un immeuble sécurisé, avec cuisine US, SDB à l'italienne, WC séparé et la cerise sur le gâteau une belle terrasse face au soleil qui donne sur le parc. Situé à 5mn du métro Convention (direct Concorde) Bousicot
11779	Beautiful 3 rooms located in the last floor of a Haussmann style building. The apartment offers a magnificent view of the Boulevard du Montparnasse and the place. Quiet and very bright, it is a perfect love nest. It has an area of 45m ² It is located on the 6th floor with elevator (until 5th) You will have in this apartment a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. They are a big room and a huge salon.  The room have a king size bed, and the Salon have a very comfortable Pull out Sofa 2 places (as a real bed), specially designed for the apartment. A crib is available on demand. The apartment is ideal for a couple with children, or for friends wanting to explore Paris. Indeed, the Gare Montparnasse is on the sidewalk in front of the apartement. Metro lines 4 and 8 buses that cover the entire Paris. Located in a rich neighborhood restaurant and bar theater, near the Parc du Luxembourg, the Musée d'Orsay and Les Invalides, the apartment is at the door of the Latin Quarter and Saint-Germais	Beautiful 2 bedroom located in the last floor of a Haussmann style building. It ffers a resplendent view of Place Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower. Beautiful 3 rooms located in the last floor of a Haussmann style building. The apartment offers a magnificent view of the Boulevard du Montparnasse and the place. Quiet and very bright, it is a perfect love nest. It has an area of 45m ² It is located on the 6th floor with elevator (until 5th) You will have in this apartment a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and toilet. They are a big room and a huge salon.  The room have a king size bed, and the Salon have a very comfortable Pull out Sofa 2 places (as a real bed), specially designed for the apartment. A crib is available on demand. The apartment is ideal for a couple with children, or for friends wanting to explore Paris. Indeed, the Gare Montparnasse is on the sidewalk in front of the apartement. Metro lines 4 and 8 buses that cover the entire Paris. Located in a rich neighborhood restaurant a
11780	Our flat is calm and part of an early XX century building style, renovated and well managed.	Nice, central, cosy flat with natural light in all rooms, green plants and close to the famous Vaugirard Str 2 min walk from Volontaires Metro station.  15 min walk to Champs de Mars (Eiffel Tower)  10min walk to Gare Montparnasse (Train station) Our flat is calm and part of an early XX century building style, renovated and well managed. The appartment is well provided to cook, take a rest or surf on internet.. we can help and suggest the city highlight  in term of art, cuisine, monument, history and walking tour.. to make you enjoy our city.. You have all what you need in Vaugirard street : Bar Restaurent ( French, italian, libanese, Japanese, Ethiopian..) Pizza delivery Shop Tabac Wine house Metro station Velib station Pharmacy Club Med Gym Supermarket.. Metro 12 : Volontaires Metro 6  : Sèvres - Lecourbe Gare Montparnasse we can pick you up from the airport if you need from ORLY 50€ instead of 60€ (Taxi) and from CDG 60€ instead of 70€ (Taxi) i) Don't think twice, it's all right!
11781	Welcome to our flat, in the typical, residential 15th arrondissement of Paris. Esther and I have been living here for the past 4 years, and we really love the place and the neighborhood. Our flat is located on the 8th floor (with elevator) of the building, which means we have a great view over Paris from all of our windows (most Parisian buildings are capped at 6 stories by city planning) and from our terrace. This exlpains why the flat is very sunny. The apartment has 2 rooms, a dining room, an independent kitchen, separate restrooms, bathroom and a terrace. The master bedroom has a large, queen size bed (for 2). The 2nd bedroom has a large convertible couch in it (for 2) - we use it as a living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and we have all the modern appliances (washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, nespresso...) you can wish for. Finally, one of the nicest perks of our flat is its nice terrace, with trees, flowers and a superb view of Paris rooftops. There is also a small table 	Our flat is located in a calm neighborhood ('Commerce'), and is well connected with public transportation (metro 6, 8, 10, 12 + Velib).  25 min walk away from the Eiffel tower. Located on the 8th floor with elevator, we have a nice view over Paris. Welcome to our flat, in the typical, residential 15th arrondissement of Paris. Esther and I have been living here for the past 4 years, and we really love the place and the neighborhood. Our flat is located on the 8th floor (with elevator) of the building, which means we have a great view over Paris from all of our windows (most Parisian buildings are capped at 6 stories by city planning) and from our terrace. This exlpains why the flat is very sunny. The apartment has 2 rooms, a dining room, an independent kitchen, separate restrooms, bathroom and a terrace. The master bedroom has a large, queen size bed (for 2). The 2nd bedroom has a large convertible couch in it (for 2) - we use it as a living room. The kitchen is fully equipped and we ha
11782		Freshly renovated Appartment with an amazing view of the Eiffel Tower. 1 bedroom, kitchen fully furnished 1 real bed and 1 sofa bed 6th floor with lift.    The whole apartment
11783	PARIS MONTPARNASSE. 2 PIECES AVEC ASCENSEUR + PARKING S/SOL SÉCURISÉ. DANS IMMEUBLE DE STANDING AVEC GARDIEN, SITUÉ AU 4ème ÉTAGE SUR JARDIN (et non sur rue) CALME ET LUMINEUX. ENTRÉE, SÉJOUR, CUISINE INDÉPENDANTE ÉQUIPÉE (plaques de cuisson, four traditionnel et micro-ondes, réfrigérateur congélateur, cafetière, grille pain, vaisselle, lave-linge, etc...) CHAMBRE AVEC PLACARD DANS DÉGAGEMENT, SALLE DE BAINS/WC. PARKING S/SOL AVEC BIP D'ACCES SÉCURISÉ PAR ASCENSEUR. CAPACITÉ MAXIMUM 3 PERSONNES - UN LIT DOUBLE DANS CHAMBRE INDIVIDUELLE. - UN CANAPÉ DOUBLE CONVERTIBLE DANS LE SALON. MÉTRO 4mn À PIED POUR LES LIGNES 12, 6 et 4. - GARE MONTPARNASSE À 2mn À PIED. - SAINT GERMAIN DES PRÈS 5mn EN TAXI, 10 mn EN MÉTRO DIRECT. - TOUR EIFFEL À 10mn EN MÉTRO LIGNE DIRECTE. - CHAMPS ELYSÉES DIRECT PAR MÉTRO. TOUTES CHARGES COMPRISES INCLUS FREEBOX AVEC WIFI ET LINGE DE MAISON. (serviettes de toilette, linge de lit, etc..)	PARIS MONTPARNASSE. 2 PIECES AVEC ASCENSEUR + PARKING S/SOL SÉCURISÉ. DANS IMMEUBLE DE STANDING AVEC GARDIEN, SITUÉ AU 4ème ÉTAGE SUR JARDIN (et non sur rue) CALME ET LUMINEUX. ENTRÉE, SÉJOUR, CUISINE INDÉPENDANTE ÉQUIPÉE (plaques de cuisson, four traditionnel et micro-ondes, réfrigérateur congélateur, cafetière, grille pain, vaisselle, lave-linge, etc...) CHAMBRE AVEC PLACARD DANS DÉGAGEMENT, SALLE DE BAINS/WC. PARKING S/SOL AVEC BIP D'ACCES SÉCURISÉ PAR ASCENSEUR. CAPACITÉ MAXIMUM 3 PERSONNES - UN LIT DOUBLE DANS CHAMBRE INDIVIDUELLE. - UN CANAPÉ DOUBLE CONVERTIBLE DANS LE SALON. MÉTRO 4mn À PIED POUR LES LIGNES 12, 6 et 4. - GARE MONTPARNASSE À 2mn À PIED. - SAINT GERMAIN DES PRÈS 5mn EN TAXI, 10 mn EN MÉTRO DIRECT. - TOUR EIFFEL À 10mn EN MÉTRO LIGNE DIRECTE. - CHAMPS ELYSÉES DIRECT PAR MÉTRO. TOUTES CHARGES COMPRISES INCLUS FREEBOX AVEC WIFI ET LINGE DE MAISON. (serviettes de toilette, linge de lit, etc..)
11784	This charming and calm flat is perfect for a couple or a family touristic trip to Paris.  Fully equipped, this 1st floor duplexe has: - A double bedroom; - A living room with sofa bed & TV; - A separate kitchenette fully equipped; - A tub bathroom. The Wifi is available in the flat. Cleaning service during the stay is possible with additional fees.	Located in a touristic area, this charming duplex is 10 min walking to Eiffel Tower,  Bateau Mouche, Trocadero; 15 min metro to Champs Elysées. Fully equipped, double bedroom, extra sofa bed in living room, separate kitchenette, tub This charming and calm flat is perfect for a couple or a family touristic trip to Paris.  Fully equipped, this 1st floor duplexe has: - A double bedroom; - A living room with sofa bed & TV; - A separate kitchenette fully equipped; - A tub bathroom. The Wifi is available in the flat. Cleaning service during the stay is possible with additional fees. Located in a touristic area. Attractions 10 - 15 min walking: - Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars; - Trocadero (best place for a selfie with the Eiffel Tower and Champs de Mars); - Bateau Mouche (Open excursion boats that provide visitors with a view of the city from along the river Seine); - Quai Branly Meuseum; - Beaugrenelle new Mall. Attractions 10 - 15 min with the underground: - Avenue Champs Elysées (Certain
11785	Central position in Paris and access to 3 subway lines to shine in Paris very easily.  The housing can accommodate a couple with possibly 1 child (two rooms with a double bed and a large living room).	Apartment with exposed beams, 2 bedrooms, 45m2 with open kitchen, large living room with sofa bed and bathroom completely redone kitchen. Located very close to a subway and close to the Eiffel Tower, shops. Internet, TV, video projector. Central position in Paris and access to 3 subway lines to shine in Paris very easily.  The housing can accommodate a couple with possibly 1 child (two rooms with a double bed and a large living room). Travelers will have access to all of the apartment: living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom.  The unit has a washing machine, oven and microwave, flat screen TV, an overhead projector, and internet access. I will not be present during the trip, I can share by email. Very close to the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, Market and shopping district at the foot of the building (Monoprix, Franprix, pharmacy, bakery, kebab, chinese restaurant, pizzeria, tavern and bar).  Near Beaugrenelle shopping center with all major brands of clothing. Access by the Mot
11786	Full equiped kitchen for cooking (Washing machine for dishes, nespresso machine, microwave, fridge, coffee & tea machines).  Living room with a large caught (possible for one more personn to sleep on) Wifi, cable TV, DVD player.  Bathroom with shower, toilet and washing/dryer machine.  1 bedroom with queen size bed.  Bedding is provided.  	"Very cosy and charming appartment (50 meters square) with exposed beams in the bedroom and living room. At a walking distance of the Eiffel (10 minutes).  Full equiped kitchen for cooking (Washing machine for dishes, nespresso machine, microwave, fridge, coffee & tea machines).  Living room with a large caught (possible for one more personn to sleep on) Wifi, cable TV, DVD player.  Bathroom with shower, toilet and washing/dryer machine.  1 bedroom with queen size bed.  Bedding is provided.  The street in very quiet but with an area which is full of differents shops for shopping (rue du commerce) and numerus stores (bakeries, groceries, wines, butchers, fishers...)  Very close to ""Dupleix"" metro station. Please note that for a stay of 2 nights I will ask for 10 euros cleaning fee, and for a week I will ask for 20 euros when i will give you the keys. "
11787	"The flat is very bright thanks to a very large bay window (with a balcony) and the fact that it is located on the 11th floor. Through the window and on the balcony you can see the ""sacré coeur"" church and the Parisian rooftops.  The main room is very large and bright.  The Eiffel Tower is at a walking distance (20 minuts away).  It is close to 2 subway stops."	"Parisian apartment on the 11th floor, with a nice view on the rooftops and the Sacré-Coeur. 38 meters square with a large bay window.  The Eiffel Tower, is at a walking distance. The flat is very bright thanks to a very large bay window (with a balcony) and the fact that it is located on the 11th floor. Through the window and on the balcony you can see the ""sacré coeur"" church and the Parisian rooftops.  The main room is very large and bright.  The Eiffel Tower is at a walking distance (20 minuts away).  It is close to 2 subway stops. Travelers have access to a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom. There is also a balcony where it is possible to eat, when the weather allows it.   I provide towels, bed sheets, shampoo, shower gel and coffee.  Guests can access a wi fi connexion and a TV. There is a supermarket right outside the building. I am available to discuss with everyone via the website.Don't hesitate to contact me for any question. I will have the pleasure to meet you in person wh"
11788	**As mentionned in the title, I live in the apartment so I share the space with my guests.** You get a large and comfortable sofa-bed in my 35 squared-meters studio. My bed is in the same room, but it's quite spacious so you get your own space.  There's also my adorable cat who needs a lot of attention and will try to get it from you! The neighborhood is quite calm as it's residential, but on week-days you will hear the bells of the nearby church at 8 am for a minute or two.	"**As mentionned in the title, I live in the apartment so I share the space with my guests.** You get a large and comfortable sofa-bed in my 35 squared-meters studio. My bed is in the same room, but it's quite spacious so you get your own space.  There's also my adorable cat who needs a lot of attention and will try to get it from you! The neighborhood is quite calm as it's residential, but on week-days you will hear the bells of the nearby church at 8 am for a minute or two. Well this is a full-equipped studio, so you have access to the bathroom and kitchen of course, to the balcony (big enough to eat there)... you have wi-fi, Nespresso machine, cable TV and DVD player. I work during the week, but I'm happy to give tips or advice if needed around a drink when I'm around; but I can also ""let you be"" if you prefer! It's calm! Metro Plaisance: 7 min walk. Metro Convention: 12 min walk. Metro Pasteur: 10 min walk Many buses less than 1 min walk Two Velib stations: 1 min walk The deposit is"
11789	Your bedroom is a simple and zen room in a typical parisian place. You'll sleep on a comfy futon for 2 people. The sub is only 50m away from the apartment, so you can go everywhere very easily. If I am in Paris, I will be your flatmate and I would be glad to could help if needed.	Your bedroom is a cosy and zen room in a typical parisian place situated in a charming neighborhood. You'll sleep on a comfy 2people futon and have access to the fully equiped kitchen and the bathroom. The sub is only 50m away! Come and enjoy! Your bedroom is a simple and zen room in a typical parisian place. You'll sleep on a comfy futon for 2 people. The sub is only 50m away from the apartment, so you can go everywhere very easily. If I am in Paris, I will be your flatmate and I would be glad to could help if needed. You can access your bedroom, the equiped kitchen, the bathroom and the toilet. You only can't access to the living room, cause it is my bedroom. If you stay in my place, I will/could be your flatmate. I'm working a lot by weekdays and I'm often out of Paris or in my boyfirend's place, but if I live in the apartment by the time you stay there, and if you are in the mood, I would be glad to share some time with you! The apartment is in the XVe district, witch is a calm and
11790	Zero noises, nice building, I'm living in it, so it has everything necessary. Next to public transportation.	Homely apartment in an extremely calm, middle-class neighborhood of Paris. No street noises, free wi-fi, fully equipped kitchen, and is 5min walking from the nearest metro station. Zero noises, nice building, I'm living in it, so it has everything necessary. Next to public transportation. Beds, towels, wi-fi, bathroom, shower, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine I'm happy to provide tips to guests to make them fully enjoy their Paris experience. Very calm neighbourhood. Plenty of supermarkets, restaurants, fast-food, several parks. 5min walikng from the subway (métro). The Eiffel Tower is 15min by metro, Champs-Élysées (place Concorde) 20min.
11791	"Nice and comfortable apartment, ideal for a couple. You'll be renting the entire studio of 34 sqm. composed of a main room with a comfortable double bed, a sofa bed, a small kitchen open on the living room and a bathroom.  Two large windows makes this flat bright and nice to live in.  A hostess will give you the keys in case I'm not in town. Located in a calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is placed near the metro Charles michel (Line 10), Commerces (Line 8) and Dupleix (Line 6) . And once the reservation is confirmed, I will send you an email with all the details you need to know, my personal advices and a ""welcome guidebook"" to enjoy the best restaurants and bars in the neighborhood..tested & approved! "	"Cosy studio with everything needed for a perfect stay. Close to metro station lines 10, 8, 6. Excellent location to enjoy and discover Paris. My name is Amina. I will be delighted to host & help you discovering the most charming Parisian sites. Nice and comfortable apartment, ideal for a couple. You'll be renting the entire studio of 34 sqm. composed of a main room with a comfortable double bed, a sofa bed, a small kitchen open on the living room and a bathroom.  Two large windows makes this flat bright and nice to live in.  A hostess will give you the keys in case I'm not in town. Located in a calm, mostly residential and traditional Parisian neighborhood, the apartment is placed near the metro Charles michel (Line 10), Commerces (Line 8) and Dupleix (Line 6) . And once the reservation is confirmed, I will send you an email with all the details you need to know, my personal advices and a ""welcome guidebook"" to enjoy the best restaurants and bars in the neighborhood..tested & approved!"
11792	Comfortable space	A big living room with multiple sofas and large flat-screen TV available in 62 sq. m. apartment located near the 15e arrdt Tramway station Brancion. Comfortable space Metro line 13 or Tramway T3. Velib, or Bus 58 /95 I can show around Paris. You can walk til Eiffel Tour on 35 mns or til Montparnasse Tower on 20 mns
11793		The room is such cozy with new double sized bed. It's on a duplex of  clear open kitchen, sofa, fully equipped kitchen. Close to a handful of cafe's and shops, to the 7 and 12 trains and to all sightseeing .Well-located in the heart of Paris !
11794	Excellente localisation, toutes les commodités. Calme et spacieux  	5 mn Métro 8 , Lourmel  5 mn Tram T3 2mn Bus 39
11795	The apartment is located in a shopping district and close to the Eiffel Tower. The area, like a small village, have many close shops (food, clothes, pharmacy, restaurants ...) and is very pleasant and quiet. It is 3 minutes walking to the metro (line 8), but is also close to lines 6 and 10 useful to join in less than 15 minutes Montparnasse or Saint-Germain ... The flat is very typical Parisian, with hardwood floors, moldings and a beautiful fireplace. It has a superficy of 387 ft2, is located on a quiet courtyard and without overlooked. There is a small bathroom, a kitchen equipped with fridge, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker. The room opened on the living room has a bed of 140 * 190. And in the living room is a sofa bed 120 * 190. A small manual, available allows you to know the functioning of the equipment, but also to have the best addresses in the area. Do not hesitate to contact me I am at your disposal for any need of information.	The apartment is located in a shopping district and close to the Eiffel Tower. The area, like a small village, have many close shops (food, clothes, pharmacy, restaurants ...) and is very pleasant and quiet. It is 3 minutes walking to the metro (line 8), but is also close to lines 6 and 10 useful to join in less than 15 minutes Montparnasse or Saint-Germain ... The flat is very typical Parisian, with hardwood floors, moldings and a beautiful fireplace. It has a superficy of 387 ft2, is located on a quiet courtyard and without overlooked. There is a small bathroom, a kitchen equipped with fridge, microwave, washing machine, coffee maker. The room opened on the living room has a bed of 140 * 190. And in the living room is a sofa bed 120 * 190. A small manual, available allows you to know the functioning of the equipment, but also to have the best addresses in the area. Do not hesitate to contact me I am at your disposal for any need of information.
11796	Ce magnifique studio de 43m2 dispose d’une terrasse aménagée et ensoleillée du matin au soir.  Situé au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, il est composé d’un grand salon, d’une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d’une salle d’eau avec machine à laver et d’un coin chambre séparée avec lit double.	Magnifique studio de 43m2, lumineux et acceuillant! Dispose d’une grande terrasse ensoleillé  du matin au soir.  Il est composé d’un grand salon, d’une cuisine toute équipé, d’une salle de bain avec machine à laver et d'un coin chambre separé Ce magnifique studio de 43m2 dispose d’une terrasse aménagée et ensoleillée du matin au soir.  Situé au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, il est composé d’un grand salon, d’une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d’une salle d’eau avec machine à laver et d’un coin chambre séparée avec lit double. L'accés se fait facilement par les transports en commun car les metro la motte-picquet-grenelle et Duplex sont à deux pas. Vous pouvez arriver à toute heure, je vous remettrai les clés en mains propres. Habitant à proximité je serais disponible durant votre séjour pour toute question ou service. Idéalement situé dans le 15ème, ce studio de charme est à 5 min à pied du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel.  Le quartier est vivant, sûr et dispose de nombreux commerce
11797	In the heart of the 15th arrondissement, this 31 Sq m modern flat has recently been renovated with all modern conveniences. Located in a lively and safe district, near Saint Germain-des-Prés and the Eiffel Tower, it is well served by public transports. Moreover, it only takes 5 minutes by foot to go to the Parc des expositions, where a lot of big events take place (Foire de Paris, salon de l'agriculture...). The flat is on the second floor (with lift) of a peaceful residence, at the back of a flowery courtyard. Free WiFi throughout the apartment.  New kitchen with all appliances: over, microwave oven, induction hotplate, fridge, sink, electric kettle, coffee machine, blender, etc. Shower room : shower, washing machine, WC, sink, hair-dryer, storage. Lounge: sofa which converts into a double bed with quilt, large table, chairs, storage, radiator, etc. Bedroom : double bed, storage, bedside tables, etc. Having one double bed and a sofa wich converts into a double bed, the flat can accomm	In the heart of the 15th arrondissement, this 31 Sq m modern flat has recently been renovated with all modern conveniences. Located in a lively and safe district, near Saint Germain-des-Prés and the Eiffel Tower, it is well served by public transports. Moreover, it only takes 5 minutes by foot to go to the Parc des expositions, where a lot of big events take place (Foire de Paris, salon de l'agriculture...). The flat is on the second floor (with lift) of a peaceful residence, at the back of a flowery courtyard. Free WiFi throughout the apartment.  New kitchen with all appliances: over, microwave oven, induction hotplate, fridge, sink, electric kettle, coffee machine, blender, etc. Shower room : shower, washing machine, WC, sink, hair-dryer, storage. Lounge: sofa which converts into a double bed with quilt, large table, chairs, storage, radiator, etc. Bedroom : double bed, storage, bedside tables, etc. Having one double bed and a sofa wich converts into a double bed, the flat can accomm
11798		Deux-pièces idéalement situés dans le 15éme arrondissement de Paris à côté de la rue du Commerce et à 15min à pied de la Tour Eiffeil.  50m2 dans un quartier au calme avec vue dégagée.
11799	The apartment is very well located in the south of Paris (15th arrondissement), 15 minutes away from Eiffel Tower (by walking) and close to a lot of transports that can bring you easily whenever you want (3 close metro stations: 8, 10 and 6).   It is also close to Porte de Versailles (15 min by walking).	"Charming ""31M2"" apartment with view on the Eifel Tower and on a green garden. This nice and quiet apartment is placed at the last floor of a recent building (with elevator). The apartment is very well located in the south of Paris (15th arrondissement), 15 minutes away from Eiffel Tower (by walking) and close to a lot of transports that can bring you easily whenever you want (3 close metro stations: 8, 10 and 6).   It is also close to Porte de Versailles (15 min by walking). With a capacity for 2 people, in the apartment you will find all you need to be comfortable during your stay : double bed, double sofa, TV , Internet & Wifi,  Hifi, hair dryer, etc.. This apartment has a bathroom with shower and WC and a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, micro wave, oven and all the other cooking and dining equipment you might need).  There will be sheet bed and towels for you to use (included in the price). The area is very nice, with lots of places to go out. Close to the apartment there are severa"
11800	Je propose de vous dépanner pour un court séjour en mettant à votre disposition un canapé-lit (draps fournis) dans ma salle de vie (espace partagé).  J'ai ma chambre à part. J'accueille une à 2 personnes. 	Je propose de vous dépanner pour un court séjour en mettant à votre disposition un canapé-lit (draps fournis) dans ma salle de vie (espace partagé).  J'ai ma chambre à part. J'accueille une à 2 personnes. Vous avez accès dans la cuisine au frigo et à l'électroménager (bouilloire, plaques électriques, four à micro-ondes). Le canapé est réservé au repos, les repas se prennent sur la table de la cuisine. Serviettes et gants sont mis à disposition pour la douche. A votre disposition pour toute aide et conseils. Calme Restaurants  Proche de la rue St Charles M8 et 10 + RER C à proximité + Bus Préciser heure d'arrivée et heure de départ pendant votre réservation.  Je travaille à domicile.
11801	Très beau studio de 45 m2 dont 15 m2 de terrasse dans un emplacement privilégié avec une vue sur tour Eiffel. Le studio dispose d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine. Il dispose d'un grand lit et d'un canapé convertible. Possibilité de s'assoir dans la terrasse. Aucun bruit et très lumineux Internet haut-débit (fibre), TV LCD, machine Nespresso avec capsules offertes.	"Il s'agit d""un studio bien situé avec une terrasse offrant une vue exceptionnelle sur la tour Eiffel. Proche de 4 lignes de métro et bus. Il dispose d'un grand lit et d'un canapé convertible. Il peut facilement accueillir 3/4 personnes.  Très beau studio de 45 m2 dont 15 m2 de terrasse dans un emplacement privilégié avec une vue sur tour Eiffel. Le studio dispose d'une salle de bain avec baignoire et d'une cuisine. Il dispose d'un grand lit et d'un canapé convertible. Possibilité de s'assoir dans la terrasse. Aucun bruit et très lumineux Internet haut-débit (fibre), TV LCD, machine Nespresso avec capsules offertes. A voir ensemble pour l'arrivée et le départ mais possible de faire check out et un check in à des heures tardives ou matinales. Accueil convivial. J'attends d'avoir quelques informations sur mes hôtes (qui, pourquoi viennent-ils et photos).  Je compte sur les hôtes pour leur discrétion dans l'immeuble. Quartier très sympa et très bien desservi (ligne 6 et 12 à 3 minutes au m"
11802	The apartment includes 2 bedrooms with double bed, 1living-room that can be a 3rd bedroom with a single sofa bed and a TV, 1 kitchen with a washing-machine, oven, fridge and freezer, 1 shower-room with toilets. The Flat is on the first floor and you have a lift at your disposal  The apartment is non-smoker. I can brief you on the neighborhood’s life and nice restaurants to go. Have a great and amazing time over here !	3 rooms fully furnished - 60m2 - First floor with elevator - wooden flooring - TV - gaz cooker - door code - close from all store and commodities. Next to the Eiffel tower   The apartment includes 2 bedrooms with double bed, 1living-room that can be a 3rd bedroom with a single sofa bed and a TV, 1 kitchen with a washing-machine, oven, fridge and freezer, 1 shower-room with toilets. The Flat is on the first floor and you have a lift at your disposal  The apartment is non-smoker. I can brief you on the neighborhood’s life and nice restaurants to go. Have a great and amazing time over here ! Subway stations :La Motte Picquet Grenelle (Line 6, 8 or 10), Avenue Emile Zola (Line 10), Dupleix (line 6).  you can also use public bikes and cars in self service, you have velib and autolib stations less than 1 min by walk from the apartment. I leave near by the flat and i am able to help you easily Calm apartment located in one of the most famous area in Paris.  Perfect place if you want to discov
11803	The apartment has been renovated recently. You will open the door in the bigger room which is the main room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed can be used to sleep (for 2 people). The second room is the bedroom with a queen size bed, a closet. Then you will find the bathroom with toilets, bath and washer machine. In the kitchen you will find a nespresso machine with caps. In the whole apartment a wifi connection will be available. The accommodation is located on the first floor of a building in Paris white stone. There is no elevator.  The bedroom has a windows on the courtyard and the main room is on a quiet street. All shops are available (bakery, grocers, butcher, etc.) A market takes place every tuesday and friday in the next street. Three differents common transportation can be used: Subway 8 can reach you at the Opera, Republic, military school (the Eiffel Tower) and Bastille. Subway 10 can reach you at Saint Michel, Saint Germain, etc. Fast train C can reach you in Versailles Cast	The apartment has been renovated recently. You will open the door in the bigger room which is the main room with an open kitchen. A sofa bed can be used to sleep (for 2 people). The second room is the bedroom with a queen size bed, a closet. Then you will find the bathroom with toilets, bath and washer machine. In the kitchen you will find a nespresso machine with caps. In the whole apartment a wifi connection will be available. The accommodation is located on the first floor of a building in Paris white stone. There is no elevator.  The bedroom has a windows on the courtyard and the main room is on a quiet street. All shops are available (bakery, grocers, butcher, etc.) A market takes place every tuesday and friday in the next street. Three differents common transportation can be used: Subway 8 can reach you at the Opera, Republic, military school (the Eiffel Tower) and Bastille. Subway 10 can reach you at Saint Michel, Saint Germain, etc. Fast train C can reach you in Versailles Cast
11804		I sublet my lovely apartment during my holidays. It’s located in the 15th at metro Convention which is a “real Parisian” district with a lively atmosphere. The apartment is a 20 m2 fully equipped (kitchen, tv, sofa, computer+internet, mezzanine bed) with separate bathroom including bathtub. Perfect for a couple!
11805	STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building with a lift, this Paris apartment is bright and very quiet thanks to the double glazed windows. LAYOUT This charming 36sqm Paris vacation rental has two separate rooms, one of them is the bedroom. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms of the apartment. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200) and a large closet. The living-room is just opposite the bedroom. It is bright and the decoration is airy and very relaxing. The sofa-bed can sleep two more people (140x200). The living-room also features a desk. The bathroom is between the living-room and the bedroom. It not that spacious but everything is brand new. It features a walk-in shower and the toilet. The fitted kitchen is open onto the entrance hall but it can be separated from it thanks to a sliding curtain. The kitchen features a high table where you can comfortably sit to have dinner. This apartment can sleep up to four people. It has been entirely renovated just recently. It is v	       Lovely 36sqm one-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris at La Motte Picquet. Accommodating up to four, it is nicely decorated, bright and quiet. STANDING Located on the 3rd floor of a building with a lift, this Paris apartment is bright and very quiet thanks to the double glazed windows. LAYOUT This charming 36sqm Paris vacation rental has two separate rooms, one of them is the bedroom. The entrance hall leads to all the rooms of the apartment. The bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200) and a large closet. The living-room is just opposite the bedroom. It is bright and the decoration is airy and very relaxing. The sofa-bed can sleep two more people (140x200). The living-room also features a desk. The bathroom is between the living-room and the bedroom. It not that spacious but everything is brand new. It features a walk-in shower and the toilet. The fitted kitchen is open onto the entrance hall but it can be separated from it thanks to a sliding curtain. The kitchen features a high t
11806	Welcome to my self-contained 600sf apartment on the first floor of a Haussmanian building with an elevator in the heart of Paris. The 15th district is a family-oriented neighborhood one step away from the Eiffel Tower and the river Seine. Close to all amenities, you'll get anywhere and do whatever you like in no time.  The apartment can sleep 3 people comfortably ( two in a double bed and one in a folding bed which is comfy though. An air mattress is available for additional guests. 	Located in central Paris at only a 10 to 15mn bus ride to the Eiffel Tower, my 600sf apartment has everything for you to enjoiy a pleasant and fulfilling stay in Paris. 
11807	2 chambres bien distinctes avec une cuisine indépendante. Une grande chambre (numéro 2) permet de s'installer autour d'une petite table pour un petit dejeuner/dejeuner/diner parisien!	                Bonjour à tous ! Nous sommes deux amies habitants sur Paris.  Nous savons combien il est difficile et onéreux pour venir passer un séjour dans notre belle capitale! Nous vous proposons un vrai appartement parisien !             2 chambres bien distinctes avec une cuisine indépendante. Une grande chambre (numéro 2) permet de s'installer autour d'une petite table pour un petit dejeuner/dejeuner/diner parisien! à tout le confort d'un appartement : chambres, cuisine, salle de bain et wc indépendants logement totalement libre pour les convives. Nous ne seront donc pas présentes la vie de quartier avec tous ses commerçants, le calme, les quais de Seine, la proximité du plein centre !l es Baugrenelles et la rue Saint Charles à deux pas ! Tour Eiffel à seulement 20 min à pieds 3 min à pieds du métro ligne 8 (Felix Faure)
11808		 Je propose Paris dans le XVe arrondissement à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel. Appartement lumineux avec balcon, bien équipé, cuisine et salle de bain calme donnant sur jardin, et commerces à proximité. Métro Dupleix ou Bir Hakeim ligne 6.Le marché 2 fois par semaine à proximité mercredi et dimanche. 
11809		Struggling to find a cheap accomodation in Paris ?  Quiet street, lively neighbourhood, big bathroom, 1 double bed and one double convertible couch (very comfy).  TV/internet/washing machine/2 fridges/1 freezer/ironing board etc.
11810	Bir-Hakeim Paris / Eiffel Tower, in a luxury building with swimming pool, solariums, security 24h / 24h, enjoying a panoramic view over Paris and its monuments, beautiful studio very well distributed without loss of space with entrance hall with storage , living room with fitted kitchen and a large bathroom. Close to the Eiffel Tower and the Beaugrenelle shopping center (cinemas, shops, village Saint Charles, transport metro Bir-Hakeim (line 6), Charles Michel (line 10).	Bir-Hakeim Paris / Eiffel Tower, in a luxury building with swimming pool, solariums, security 24h / 24h, enjoying a panoramic view over Paris and its monuments, beautiful studio very well distributed without loss of space with entrance hall with storage , living room with fitted kitchen and a large bathroom. Close to the Eiffel Tower and the Beaugrenelle shopping center (cinemas, shops, village Saint Charles, transport metro Bir-Hakeim (line 6), Charles Michel (line 10).
11811	Appartement deux pièces très agréable à vivre, avec une grande salle de bain, une cuisine séparée et une pièce principale avec lits superposés de 2 places chacun (4 places en tout).  Très éclairé, il est également très calme puisqu'il donne sur un jardin intérieur. 	Appartement 2 pièces situé dans le 15e près d'Invalides et de la Tour Eiffel. Proche des lignes de métro 6, 10 et 12.  Possibilité de loger de 2 à 4 personnes (lits superposés 2 places). Grande salle de bains avec WC et cuisine séparée. Très calme. Appartement deux pièces très agréable à vivre, avec une grande salle de bain, une cuisine séparée et une pièce principale avec lits superposés de 2 places chacun (4 places en tout).  Très éclairé, il est également très calme puisqu'il donne sur un jardin intérieur.  Cuisine toute équipée, lave-linge et wi-fii gratuit. Quartier très commerçant avec de nombreux bars et restaurants bon marché à moins de 10-15mn de marche.  La Tour Eiffel et les Invalides sont accessibles à 5mn de métro ou 20mn à pied.  Ligne 12 station Volontaires. Ligne 6 stations Pasteur et Sèvres-Lecourbe. Ligne 10 station Ségur.
11812	The bedroom is a large size with a bed for two.  There is a private balcony right off the bedroom.   There is a large kitchen with all amenities.  We also have a washer/dryer if you need anything cleaned.  Building is modern and has an elevator and more modern amenities.	Spacious bedroom with queen size bed and it's own private balcony.  The modern apartment is 72m squared and uniquely designed for privacy.  The bathroom, toilet and kitchen area can be accessed from the bedroom without running into the host area.   The bedroom is a large size with a bed for two.  There is a private balcony right off the bedroom.   There is a large kitchen with all amenities.  We also have a washer/dryer if you need anything cleaned.  Building is modern and has an elevator and more modern amenities. You have a private bedroom and balcony.  You have access to the bathroom and the toilet room and the kitchen as well   We keep things very private and rarely see each other, unless you have questions or want to talk. I am available for answering questions about the apartment or Paris in general.  I also have Navigo metro passes you can borrow. You can put a week pass on for 20 euros and if you intend on staying past two days it can be a major savings. It also allows you to u
11813	Logement sans vis à vis dans environnement calme, à proximité des commerces rue Violet et rue du Commerce) et des transports (3 lignes de métro : 6, 8 et 10)	2/3 pièces traversant est/ouest très clair au 5ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien avec ascenseur. Rue calme au sein du quartier animé de la rue du commerce, à moins de 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et tout près de Montparnasse ! Logement sans vis à vis dans environnement calme, à proximité des commerces rue Violet et rue du Commerce) et des transports (3 lignes de métro : 6, 8 et 10) Logement entier 3 lignes de métro : stations La Motte Picquet (lignes 6,8, et 10) Dupleix (ligne 6 et Emile Zola (ligne 10)
11814	Small space but cosy, the view over parisian roofs is amazing.  Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris or a professionnal stay at the Parc Des Expositions of Porte de Versailles ( 2minutes walk) The bed is a new and very comfortable double size. There is a nespresso coffee machine available in the kitchen. 	18 m² flat, the south west of Paris, 1min walk to Metro Porte de Versailles & tram 3 Very bright and cosy, on the 6th floor of a typical parisian building. Double bed with sheets provided. Bathroom with tub and wc. Kitchen with stove and nespresso Small space but cosy, the view over parisian roofs is amazing.  Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris or a professionnal stay at the Parc Des Expositions of Porte de Versailles ( 2minutes walk) The bed is a new and very comfortable double size. There is a nespresso coffee machine available in the kitchen. Wi fi access of course i'll answer all of your questions and make you feel as comfortable as possible :) Privileged access to Porte de Versailles where all of the biggest international Salons take place. The 15th arrondissement is a sweet neighborhood filled with delicious restaurants, supermarkets, littles shops. Metro Ligne 12 Porte de Versailles (To Montparnasse-Concorde-Montmartre) Tram 3a+3b Bus 80 to Champs Elysées and Montmatre Bus 39 
11815	"1 Bedroom Old World Charm with Exceptional Amenities Lovingly restored one bedroom flat conveniently located.  Well appointed  in a charming and secure 19th century building close to metro station, ‘’Convention’’ this perfect abode provides a peaceful escape. Located on a quiet street, ""Chez Jean Pierre"" is the perfect French flat.  From the beautiful hardwood floors to the authentic fireplaces, ‘’Chez Jean Pierre ‘’ offers a romantic Parisian experience at reasonable prices for the traveler with discerning taste. Spacious rooms, relaxing warm blankets  and fluffy towels are just a few cozy touches included. Washer dryer, fully furnished kitchen, shower with full bath, WiFi, flat panel TV, free telephone calls to over 100 countries, deluxe queen bed and deluxe fold out bed in the living room will comfortably accommodate 4 guests. Inviting boutiques, cafés, outdoor food and flower markets, and lush gardens abound. Three short blocks to the metro, a 20 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower or "	"Our flat has been lovingly restored with modern conveniences while retaining old world charm. Located 20 minutes on foot to the Eiffel Tower and 3 blocks from a metro stop, our deluxe flat is perfect for the Paris visitor. 1 Bedroom Old World Charm with Exceptional Amenities Lovingly restored one bedroom flat conveniently located.  Well appointed  in a charming and secure 19th century building close to metro station, ‘’Convention’’ this perfect abode provides a peaceful escape. Located on a quiet street, ""Chez Jean Pierre"" is the perfect French flat.  From the beautiful hardwood floors to the authentic fireplaces, ‘’Chez Jean Pierre ‘’ offers a romantic Parisian experience at reasonable prices for the traveler with discerning taste. Spacious rooms, relaxing warm blankets  and fluffy towels are just a few cozy touches included. Washer dryer, fully furnished kitchen, shower with full bath, WiFi, flat panel TV, free telephone calls to over 100 countries, deluxe queen bed and deluxe fold o"
11816	It’s beautiful and cozy 34m2 single room apartment. Toilet and kitchen are wide with division, and a washing machine in the toilet. 	My house is in 15th arrondissement (Paris), very preferred area. It’s quiet, safe, and family-orientated.  You can go to central paris very easily with bus metro, and tram.               It’s beautiful and cozy 34m2 single room apartment. Toilet and kitchen are wide with division, and a washing machine in the toilet.  -Easy to access wherever you need: bakery, supermarket (Korean, Chinese, French...), nice restaurants, bank, laundry shop, cafe, etc.. -It’s near Parc des Exposition, so if you are planning to take part in the exposition, my house will be the perfect choice. I will be happy to welcome you in my house. And it is very likely that you spend a very pleasant time with me. The neighbors are very quiet and the residence secured by two doors with digital codes.  Metro and tram are 3 mins walk, and 1 mins for a bus stop. I sleep in a sofa bed, and there is a mezzanine, so you can sleep with your space.  
11817	Bel appartement très calme avec vues sur Paris, la Tour Eiffel, le Dôme des Invalides et Montmartre dans le lointain.  Vous ne vous lasserez pas de ce panorama.  Les pièces sont lumineuses, et ont toutes une belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  Pas de vis à vis du haut de ce 10 ème étage.  Un grand balcon, équipé d’une table et de deux chaises longe tout l’appartement,.  Chaque fenêtre et baie vitrée est équipée d’un volet roulant électrique. L’appartement se compose :  D’une entrée, avec dressing et toilettes séparées.  D’une grande pièce à vivre :  -Un coin salon équipé d’un canapé (convertible en lit pour 1 personne), d’un fauteuil et d’une table basse.  -D’une cuisine américaine toute équipée, four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur/congélateur, cafetière Nespresso, lave vaisselle, plaques à induction, vaisselle et plats…  -D’une table et chaises de salle à manger.  D’une chambre équipée d’un lit double en 160 cm, d’une télévision,  du lit vous contemplerez la tour Eiffel et ses illuminations !	 Bel appartement très calme avec vues sur Paris, la Tour Eiffel, le Dôme des Invalides et Montmartre dans le lointain.  Vous ne vous lasserez pas de ce panorama.  Les pièces sont lumineuses, et ont toutes une belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel.  Pas de vis à vis du haut de ce 10 ème étage.  Un grand balcon, équipé d’une table et de deux chaises longe tout l’appartement,.  Chaque fenêtre et baie vitrée est équipée d’un volet roulant électrique. L’appartement se compose :  D’une entrée, avec dressing et toilettes séparées.  D’une grande pièce à vivre :  -Un coin salon équipé d’un canapé (convertible en lit pour 1 personne), d’un fauteuil et d’une table basse.  -D’une cuisine américaine toute équipée, four, micro ondes, réfrigérateur/congélateur, cafetière Nespresso, lave vaisselle, plaques à induction, vaisselle et plats…  -D’une table et chaises de salle à manger.  D’une chambre équipée d’un lit double en 160 cm, d’une télévision,  du lit vous contemplerez la tour Eiffel et ses illuminations 
11818		For rent is my recently renovated 2 bedroom flat located  in the 15th arrondissement, just a stone's throw from the Eiffel Tower and Paris' latest luxury shopping center Beaugrenelle. The flat is located with minutes of 3 differents metro stations Charles Michel (line 10), Felix Faure (line 8) and Dupleix (line 6) which will take you to all the major attractions the capital has to offer in no time. This is a non-smoking flat. No pets allowed in the building. No parties. Within 5mn walking distance of metro stations for Line 8 and Line 10. 10mn walk to Line 6. 15mn walk to the Eiffel Tower. There is an elevator in the building
11819		Agréable et fonctionnel, ce 2 pièces de 57 m2 est idéalement situé dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris.  De part sa localisation,il est idéal pour les visiteurs et professionnels du palais des expositions de la porte de Versailles. Vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous ! Je serais à votre disposition si nécessaire. Quartier très agréable et commerçant ( avec un marché de produit frais le mardi et vendredi) ainsi qu'un centre commercial ( Beaugrenelle). La plupart des lieux emblématiques de la capitale sont à moins de 25 minutes de transports. Métro 8 : Lourmel ou Boucicaut              Métro 10 : Charles Michel ou Javel             RER C : Javel                                          Quartier extrêmement bien desservit par les transports en commun, taxi et UBER.           Le palais des expositions de la Porte de Versailles est à moins de 15 minutes.
11820	Great location  !  And very bright appartment ! 	"Three bedroom + living room flat, full 100 m2 (1077 sq ft), 3 blocks from Champ-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower. Very lively area. 3rd floor, with elevator. Renovated in 2011, with woodfloor/solid oak living-room and organic (""Eco-Label"") wall paintings. Great location  !  And very bright appartment ! Guest will have access to the entire appartment and equipment, except for bedroom # 4 kept as a private place by owners during the stay. We would love to share with you our favourite Restaurants, museums and shops addresses! Do not hesitate to ask us for advice about an itinerary or specific wishes. It will be a pleasure to give you some information about the area and the trendy Parisian spots.  In the morning, you will enjoy your French croissant that you just bought from the Boulangerie down the appartment. Organic store (""Biocoop"") three blocks away. You can also find a bakery, butcher shop and a supermarket open until 8:30 pm!  The neighborhood is very peaceful and a step away from the most "
11821		We booked one more room in Paris and want to give someone who really need a inexpensive hotel with good location. For more detail, you can check the hotel information:
11822	Dear Visitors, Our calm and luminous studio apartment, which has just been entirely refurbished, is on the 4th floor with a view over a courtyard. We have taken great care to prepare everything so that you can benefit fully from your stay in Paris: - a large, comfortable double bed - cooking rings, oven and refrigerator - various kitchen utensils - a small bathroom with shower, heated towel rail and a washing machine. Sheets and towels are available for your use, as well as basic seasonings you might need for cooking (salt, pepper, oil…).  The apartment has WIFI connection and we will give you the codes which enable you to connect to the internet from wherever you are in Paris. The apartment is situated in rue Lecourbe, 50 metres from the Métro station Sèvres Lecourbe (15 mns from the Champs Elysées), and a short walk from Invalides (10 minutes up avenue de Breteuil) and the Eiffel Tower (a 15-minute walk). The lively Montparnasse district is a 15-minute walk away. Gourmets will apprec	Dear Visitors, Our calm and luminous studio apartment, which has just been entirely refurbished, is on the 4th floor with a view over a courtyard. We have taken great care to prepare everything so that you can benefit fully from your stay in Paris: - a large, comfortable double bed - cooking rings, oven and refrigerator - various kitchen utensils - a small bathroom with shower, heated towel rail and a washing machine. Sheets and towels are available for your use, as well as basic seasonings you might need for cooking (salt, pepper, oil…).  The apartment has WIFI connection and we will give you the codes which enable you to connect to the internet from wherever you are in Paris. The apartment is situated in rue Lecourbe, 50 metres from the Métro station Sèvres Lecourbe (15 mns from the Champs Elysées), and a short walk from Invalides (10 minutes up avenue de Breteuil) and the Eiffel Tower (a 15-minute walk). The lively Montparnasse district is a 15-minute walk away. Gourmets will apprec
11823	I am renting a very nice one bedroom apartment. The room has a large double bed and a sofa. It accomodates two people. The apartment is very quiet as the window open on an inside garden. The flat is located closed to Pasteur station (line 6) and five minutes by foot from Montparnasse (metro 4, 6, 12, 13). The neighbourhood is very lively: it offers several restaurants, many convenience stores (rue de Rennes, galeries lafayettes). It is four stations away from Eiffel Tower and 15 min by foot! The apartment is fully equipped: wi-fi, TV, fitted kitchen. Everythinhg to make your stay simple !!	Studio dans immeuble récent au métro Pasteur dans le quartier Montparnasse. Très bien desservi par 4 lignes de métro (lignes 6, 12, 13, 4) et à proximité de nombreux commerces. Tour Eiffel à 10 min à pied. I am renting a very nice one bedroom apartment. The room has a large double bed and a sofa. It accomodates two people. The apartment is very quiet as the window open on an inside garden. The flat is located closed to Pasteur station (line 6) and five minutes by foot from Montparnasse (metro 4, 6, 12, 13). The neighbourhood is very lively: it offers several restaurants, many convenience stores (rue de Rennes, galeries lafayettes). It is four stations away from Eiffel Tower and 15 min by foot! The apartment is fully equipped: wi-fi, TV, fitted kitchen. Everythinhg to make your stay simple !! Always avaible for good tips in Paris. Quartier touristique, shopping (rue de Rennes, Galeries Lafayettes), nombreux restaurants et à proximité des grands sites touristiques en 10 min de transport 
11824	Vous accueilli par Ghita Bennis	2 pièces de 35 m2 dans le 15eme arrondissement a 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel pouvant accueillir 4 personnes ( un lit double et canapé confortable 2 places ) au 2ème étage avec ascenseur a 1minute du métro Dupleix Vous accueilli par Ghita Bennis
11825	"A cozy and warm apartment in the heart of 15th arrondissement of Paris, steps from ""Convention"" subway station in an animated typical Parisian neighborhood. Extremely convenient for visiting purposes as Convention is on the 12th line wich serves ""Assemblee Nationale"", "" Concorde (Champs Elysees)"", Orsay Museum, Montparnasse, ... Literally 1 min walk from the apartment, just around the Station, you'll find plenty of bars and delicious french restaurant on Convention St and Convention square.  Almost all visiting sites can be reached in less than 30'. The building is typically Parisian and is located in a lovely street just across Sainte Felicite maternity. There's also a big supermarket about 100m from our building in which you'll find everything to cook you french food (and drink french wines also !). The apartment is at a walking distance to ""Porte de Versailles"" exhibition center and also very close (5' walk) to ""Georges Brassens Park"" wich is absolutely lovely.  It is a very charmin"	"A cozy and warm apartment in the heart of 15th arrondissement of Paris, steps from ""Convention"" subway station in an animated typical Parisian neighborhood. Extremely convenient for visiting purposes as Convention is on the 12th line wich serves ""Assemblee Nationale"", "" Concorde (Champs Elysees)"", Orsay Museum, Montparnasse, ... Literally 1 min walk from the apartment, just around the Station, you'll find plenty of bars and delicious french restaurant on Convention St and Convention square.  Almost all visiting sites can be reached in less than 30'. The building is typically Parisian and is located in a lovely street just across Sainte Felicite maternity. There's also a big supermarket about 100m from our building in which you'll find everything to cook you french food (and drink french wines also !). The apartment is at a walking distance to ""Porte de Versailles"" exhibition center and also very close (5' walk) to ""Georges Brassens Park"" wich is absolutely lovely.  It is a very charmin"
11826	Le logement comprend :  - une entrée  - une chambre spacieuse avec un grand lit (160 cm x 200 cm) et une armoire - un salon avec un bureau, deux canapés dont un convertible (120 cm x 190 cm), une petite télévision - une salle de bains avec lavabo, wc, baignoire et sèche-cheveux - une cuisine avec coin repas, four, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire électrique, machine à café et lave-linge - un placard avec aspirateur, étendoir à linge, fer et planche à repasser L'appartement se situe au premier étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le linge et les serviettes (deux par personne) sont fournis. The accommodation includes : - An entrance - A spacious bedroom with a queen size bed ( 160 cm x 200 cm) and a wardrobe - A living room with a desk, two sofas (one of them being a sofa bed 120 cm x 190 cm) , a small TV - A bathroom with a sink, a toilet, a bathtub and a hair dryer - A kitchen with a dining area, an oven, a microwave oven, an electric kettle, a coffee machine and a was	Appartement 2 pièces de 50 m2 à moins de 2 min à pied de la gare Montparnasse. Lumineux et très calme, il peut héberger jusqu'à 4 personnes. 2 room flat (540sq feet) near the Montparnasse train station. Luminous and calm, it can house up to 4 people. Le logement comprend :  - une entrée  - une chambre spacieuse avec un grand lit (160 cm x 200 cm) et une armoire - un salon avec un bureau, deux canapés dont un convertible (120 cm x 190 cm), une petite télévision - une salle de bains avec lavabo, wc, baignoire et sèche-cheveux - une cuisine avec coin repas, four, four à micro-ondes, bouilloire électrique, machine à café et lave-linge - un placard avec aspirateur, étendoir à linge, fer et planche à repasser L'appartement se situe au premier étage avec ascenseur. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le linge et les serviettes (deux par personne) sont fournis. The accommodation includes : - An entrance - A spacious bedroom with a queen size bed ( 160 cm x 200 cm) and a wardrobe - A living room 
11827	Appartement idéal pour un séjour parisien avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et la possibilité de faire son jogging sur le Champs de Mars	"Appartement idéal pour un séjour parisien avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et la possibilité de faire son jogging sur le Champs de Mars Séjour minimum  quatre jours Les restaurants variés, la rue du commerce pour le shopping et surtout deux fois par semaine le marché ""mythique"" du Boulevard de Grenelle"
11828	"Room : Single room for rent in 2 bedroom apartment / 15th district. Decent sized room for Paris ! Pleasant, quiet, bright, window. Old style charming Parisian appartment (N.B 2 bedrooms side by side).Possibilty of pull out couch for 2nd guest in lounge.  Apartment (55m2): ""L"" shaped. Charming, fully equipped, Parisian style, moulding on the ceiling, old cast iron chimney in the lounge, bright, quiet as looks out onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath (rare in Paris) & the toilet is separate.  Neighbourhood : Ideal location, very close to cafés, restaurants, shops, banks, supermarkets, organic bakery, wine shop & vegetable market (all downstairs)..Very safe area (even late at night). 5 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower & Champ de Mars park. Close to metro lines 6, 8,10. Metro line 10 downstairs!. Ideal for independent traveller passing through Paris who wants quick & easy access to central Paris & its hot spots.  Nearby attractions : Eiffel Tower & Champs de Mars park. Downstairs, Rue "	"Nice charming old style typical Parisian appartment. Great location in nice, safe, residential part of Paris, close to shops, restaurants, metro on your doorstep...!    Room : Single room for rent in 2 bedroom apartment / 15th district. Decent sized room for Paris ! Pleasant, quiet, bright, window. Old style charming Parisian appartment (N.B 2 bedrooms side by side).Possibilty of pull out couch for 2nd guest in lounge.  Apartment (55m2): ""L"" shaped. Charming, fully equipped, Parisian style, moulding on the ceiling, old cast iron chimney in the lounge, bright, quiet as looks out onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath (rare in Paris) & the toilet is separate.  Neighbourhood : Ideal location, very close to cafés, restaurants, shops, banks, supermarkets, organic bakery, wine shop & vegetable market (all downstairs)..Very safe area (even late at night). 5 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower & Champ de Mars park. Close to metro lines 6, 8,10. Metro line 10 downstairs!. Ideal for independent t"
11829	This apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement ,in a  very Parisian area, well placed in relation to international exhibition Center Porte de Versailles , the ultra modern hospital Georges Pompidou , close to the Eiffel Tower , and district  St Germain des Prés. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor, with elevator of  a small Parisian building You have a living room with a sofa bed in black leather, with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs , a large buffet design ,  a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is independent and good size . It includes  all the appliances you wish,  with , in particular,  a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom features  large bed being transformrd into 2 beds if necessary, bedside tables and a large closet The bathroom includes a  cabin shower very modern  and washbasin 	Experience the  Parisian daily life of  this family apartment in Paris, with possibility to rent the quite similar apartment on the same landing. This apartment is located in the 15th arrondissement ,in a  very Parisian area, well placed in relation to international exhibition Center Porte de Versailles , the ultra modern hospital Georges Pompidou , close to the Eiffel Tower , and district  St Germain des Prés. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor, with elevator of  a small Parisian building You have a living room with a sofa bed in black leather, with a very comfortable bed , a coffee table , a dining table with four chairs , a large buffet design ,  a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is independent and good size . It includes  all the appliances you wish,  with , in particular,  a dishwasher, electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom features  large b
11830	In the heart of a busy shopping street of the 15th district , charming 2 bedroom apartment of 73sqm with a 20sqm terrace. It is located on the 1st floor of a 19e century building Description Completely refurbished and decorated with great taste, you will be charmed by this apartment. It can be described as below: - An entrance with cupboards - Bright living room (2 windows) with a sofa bed (2 persons) , armchairs, coffee table, bookcase with TV, small desk - Large kitchen / dining room fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , hob, hood , refrigerator, coffee maker, ... ) . The dining room has a dining table for 6 persons and a side table . - The dining room opens onto a terrace (20sqm) without vis-à -vis - A shower room with walk in shower , basin and WC - One bedroom with a double bed with fitted wardrobes - A 2nd bedroom with 2 single beds, fitted wardrobes and ensuite bathroom - The 2nd bathroom has a bath and WC - Parquet floor everywhere except in the bathroom and showroom 	In the heart of a busy shopping street of the 15th district , charming 2 bedroom apartment of 73sqm with a 20sqm terrace. It is located on the 1st floor of a 19e century building Description Completely refurbished and decorated with great taste, you will be charmed by this apartment. It can be described as below: - An entrance with cupboards - Bright living room (2 windows) with a sofa bed (2 persons) , armchairs, coffee table, bookcase with TV, small desk - Large kitchen / dining room fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher , hob, hood , refrigerator, coffee maker, ... ) . The dining room has a dining table for 6 persons and a side table . - The dining room opens onto a terrace (20sqm) without vis-à -vis - A shower room with walk in shower , basin and WC - One bedroom with a double bed with fitted wardrobes - A 2nd bedroom with 2 single beds, fitted wardrobes and ensuite bathroom - The 2nd bathroom has a bath and WC - Parquet floor everywhere except in the bathroom and showroom The entire 
11831	Ce charmant deux pièces en rez de chaussée sur une cour calme, refait à neuf, vous accueillera pour votre séjour parisien.  Situé à 900 m de la Gare Montparnasse, à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, à 10 minutes des Invalides, dans un quartier commerçant, il saura rendre optimal vos vacances.  La chambre composée d'un lit double donne sur la cour/terrasse. Le salon accueille un canapé lit.  La cuisine fermée permet de s'isoler et de ne pas déranger ceux qui dorment dans le salon.  Appartement refait à neuf. Internet, cable. Cuisine équipée. Location à partir de 4 nuits. Tarif dégressif si longue période. 	2 pièces de 41 m2 idéalement placé dans quartier commerçant, à 10 minutes en métro de la Tour Eiffel.  appartement en rez de cour très calme.  Toutes commodités.  Pour un séjour réussi.  (arrivée obligatoire avant 20 h pour la remise des clés) Ce charmant deux pièces en rez de chaussée sur une cour calme, refait à neuf, vous accueillera pour votre séjour parisien.  Situé à 900 m de la Gare Montparnasse, à 15 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, à 10 minutes des Invalides, dans un quartier commerçant, il saura rendre optimal vos vacances.  La chambre composée d'un lit double donne sur la cour/terrasse. Le salon accueille un canapé lit.  La cuisine fermée permet de s'isoler et de ne pas déranger ceux qui dorment dans le salon.  Appartement refait à neuf. Internet, cable. Cuisine équipée. Location à partir de 4 nuits. Tarif dégressif si longue période. L'accès à l'appartement doit se faire avant 20 heures pour que Maria la gardienne puisse donner les clés. Si cela est après 20 heures un supplément 
11832	The flat is right above a great bakery so you can be sure you will be awoken by the smell of fresh croissant in the morning. restaurants, and supermarkets right downstairs.	Ce grand studio (37m2) propose tout le nécessaire pour séjourner un weekend comme plusieurs semaines. Je serais ravi de vous indiquer comment profiter au mieux Neutrally but tastefully ;-) decorated. You will love the area, a 5 minutes walk from porte de Versailles, convention and all the cool spots. The flat is right above a great bakery so you can be sure you will be awoken by the smell of fresh croissant in the morning. restaurants, and supermarkets right downstairs. Je serais ravi de vous indiquer comment profiter au mieux de ce quartier mais également de votre séjour à Paris. Le quartier de Convention est extrêmement vivant : il comporte grand nombre de petits commerces de proximité. C'est également un quartier très calme et sécurisé. It is only 5 minutes walk from Subway line 12  (Porte de Verssaile station - Convention station), but really, one can walk anywhere om there. It is only 12 minutes walk from Subway line 8 ( Boucicaut Station), There is also a Velib station right at t
11833	"Localised in the heart of Paris, you will have acces to all monuments very easily! In fact, apartment is just 5 minutes walking from many stations of the subway, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and the underground train RER C - Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel. You are within a 2 minutes walk from fresh food shops, markets and supermarkets : - bakeries and pastries including famous Poilane and 2nd best ""Eclair au chocolat"", - cheese shop with Finest Cheesmonger of the Year (Meilleur ouvrier de France) Laurent Dubois, - Marché de Grenelle, one of the largest in Paris, on Wednesday and Sunday mornings. - Rue du Commerce, a street with only lovely shops for shopping, - Beaugrenelle, a new big mall (15mn walking) Several public gardens at walking distance, including Champs de Mars, the largest greenspace in Paris, lying between the Eiffel Tower and l’Ecole Militaire. And of course, a wide choice of restaurants whatever the “cuisine” you wish to test. I can be of great he"	"Don't miss the opportunity to live in a typical 40m2 (ft2 430) Haussmann flat, with its old stucco and high ceilings, its beautiful parquet floors and its antique Prussian fireplace. Localised in the heart of Paris, you will have acces to all monuments very easily! In fact, apartment is just 5 minutes walking from many stations of the subway, Dupleix, La Motte-Picquet stations for lines 6, 8 and 10, and the underground train RER C - Champ de Mars Tour Eiffel. You are within a 2 minutes walk from fresh food shops, markets and supermarkets : - bakeries and pastries including famous Poilane and 2nd best ""Eclair au chocolat"", - cheese shop with Finest Cheesmonger of the Year (Meilleur ouvrier de France) Laurent Dubois, - Marché de Grenelle, one of the largest in Paris, on Wednesday and Sunday mornings. - Rue du Commerce, a street with only lovely shops for shopping, - Beaugrenelle, a new big mall (15mn walking) Several public gardens at walking distance, including Champs de Mars, the large"
11834	This comfortable and fully equipped apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building bricks. Located in a vibrant and familial neighborhood, you will be a 3-minute walk from the Champs-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower Relax in Queen Size (160 x 200 cm) and use the sofa bed for 2 people. The apartment consists of a large entrance hall, a lounge, a dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom, a dressing room and a separated toilet. We decorated the apartment to make it warm and welcoming. Solid oak flooring and moldings throughout the apartment. The one-way street is very quiet.	Welcome to Paris! This 4-room apartment (68 M²) has a queen-size bed and a sofa bed for 2 people. You can enjoy the Eiffel Tower, shopping area, bars and restaurants. Ideal for a family holiday. This comfortable and fully equipped apartment is located on the 1st floor of a typical Parisian building bricks. Located in a vibrant and familial neighborhood, you will be a 3-minute walk from the Champs-de-Mars and Eiffel Tower Relax in Queen Size (160 x 200 cm) and use the sofa bed for 2 people. The apartment consists of a large entrance hall, a lounge, a dining room, a kitchen, a bathroom, a dressing room and a separated toilet. We decorated the apartment to make it warm and welcoming. Solid oak flooring and moldings throughout the apartment. The one-way street is very quiet. Guests have access to the whole apartment, outside the room of our son. Je vous accueillerai pour vous présenter l'appartement, les équipements et les endroits à visiter dans le quartier. The neighborhood, very lively 
11835	"Quiet apartment close to the Eiffel Tower (15min), Paris Expo Porte de Versailles (Huge famous show location) (less than 10min), the nice garden ""Parc André Citroën"" (5min) , the street full of nice shops ""la rue du Commerce"" (5min).  You are also at about 20 min by bus from le Parc des Princes , and less than 30min by bus from Roland Garros. The studio has a double bed, and I can provide an extra mattress if you want.  It' s in a quiet building, surrounded by shops and small bars."	"Quiet flat close to the Eiffel Tower, the Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles, the rue du commerce (street full of shops)... The flat is for you, but I'm close, so available for any information.  This downtown flat is perfect to visit Paris. Quiet apartment close to the Eiffel Tower (15min), Paris Expo Porte de Versailles (Huge famous show location) (less than 10min), the nice garden ""Parc André Citroën"" (5min) , the street full of nice shops ""la rue du Commerce"" (5min).  You are also at about 20 min by bus from le Parc des Princes , and less than 30min by bus from Roland Garros. The studio has a double bed, and I can provide an extra mattress if you want.  It' s in a quiet building, surrounded by shops and small bars. Every part of the studio + WC + shower. I'm available to help you for any question. Nice and quiet district, with a very nice street of Haussmannian Buidings. Lot's of shops at less than 1 min (yes ;) ) .And many small bars too. Very well located : at 2 min from met"
11836	Agréable 2 pièces situé au 6ème étage à 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, et des quais de Seine.  Situé sur le Boulevard de Grenelle dans un quartier calme et sécurisé, l'appartement est très proche de la tour Eiffel, du Champs de Mars et des quais de Seine	Cosy flat in the safe and pleasant neighbourhood of the Eiffel Tower.  Excellent public transportation.  
11837	"APARTMENT INFORMATION The City of Paris 15th Arrondissement, 75015 Paris Metro: Lourmel Ile de France Country: France    Paris Apartment by Owner.   Centrally located on the Left Bank of the Seine river.  Minutes to The Eiffel Tower by direct line, your Metro ticket is your pass to the world famous sites.  Occupancy: 6 (This is how many can sleep)  Recently renovated  Grand Pavois Building in Grand Pavois Garden Rue Vasco de Gama, 75015 Paris (Cross streets Avenue Felix o Rue Fourth  Lecourbe). Forth Floor Metro Station: Lourmel Bus: 42 , 39 & 80  Tramway: Porte de Versaille, Boulevard Vicror,  Parc des Expositions, International hospital « Hopital European George Pompidou»   COMFARTABLE INTERIOR  Two rooms Apartment including:  1 &1/2 Bedrooms with a queen bed and  & two  double sofa-beds, Living/Family Room with Dining Area, reception, desk , TV/ cable and telephone  Sleeps 6, having a queen bed, two double very comfortable Sofa- Beds ""Banquettes Convertibles"", and a Roll-away Bed (s"	"APARTMENT INFORMATION The City of Paris 15th Arrondissement, 75015 Paris Metro: Lourmel Ile de France Country: France    Paris Apartment by Owner.   Centrally located on the Left Bank of the Seine river.  Minutes to The Eiffel Tower by direct line, your Metro ticket is your pass to the world famous sites.  Occupancy: 6 (This is how many can sleep)  Recently renovated  Grand Pavois Building in Grand Pavois Garden Rue Vasco de Gama, 75015 Paris (Cross streets Avenue Felix o Rue Fourth  Lecourbe). Forth Floor Metro Station: Lourmel Bus: 42 , 39 & 80  Tramway: Porte de Versaille, Boulevard Vicror,  Parc des Expositions, International hospital « Hopital European George Pompidou»   COMFARTABLE INTERIOR  Two rooms Apartment including:  1 &1/2 Bedrooms with a queen bed and  & two  double sofa-beds, Living/Family Room with Dining Area, reception, desk , TV/ cable and telephone  Sleeps 6, having a queen bed, two double very comfortable Sofa- Beds ""Banquettes Convertibles"", and a Roll-away Bed (s"
11838	Studio tres sympatique avec petite entrée , cuisine equipée ( vaisselles, four micro-ondes, plaques , machine nespresso ) et salle de bains ( douche, lavabo, toilettes ) séparés. Premier étages donnant sur cour.	Studio sympatique proche Parc des Expositions / Tour Eiffel,  idealement placé pour week end à Paris. Au pied de la station Balard de la ligne 8 qui dessert les stations Invalides Opera Grands Boulevard République ..  Cuisine et salle de bain séparés Studio tres sympatique avec petite entrée , cuisine equipée ( vaisselles, four micro-ondes, plaques , machine nespresso ) et salle de bains ( douche, lavabo, toilettes ) séparés. Premier étages donnant sur cour. quartier sympatique , proche metro tram et rer , centre commerciale , cinema , la Seine , Les champs Elysées , Parc André Citroen .. Proche metro 8 (Balard) , Tram 3a (Balard) , rer E (Javel) et nombreux bus
11839	Situation exceptionelle . Quartier touristique mais très vivant et acceuillant avec un marché typique tous les mercredi et dimanche matin	Situé à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Metro: La Motte Picquet Grenelle.idéal pour visiter Paris à pied , en métro ou en Bus. Grand Balcon ou on peut fumer et prendre le petit déjeuner ou boire un verre.Wifi; tele: Canalplus et Canalsat. Ensoleillé. Situation exceptionelle . Quartier touristique mais très vivant et acceuillant avec un marché typique tous les mercredi et dimanche matin
11840		Notre appartement est situé à 3 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, dans un quartier calme et commerçant. Notre appartement comprend 3 chambres.
11841	Studio agréable : amenagement récent et déco simple, l'appartement jouit d'une grande luminosité grâce aux baies vitrés donnant sur un balcon ou il est possible de manger à 4 personnes (tables et chaises a disposition). 	Studio agréable : amenagement récent et déco simple, l'appartement jouit d'une grande luminosité grâce aux baies vitrés donnant sur un balcon ou il est possible de manger à 4 personnes (tables et chaises a disposition). Le coin cuisine dispose d'un four et d'un micro onde.  Pour déjeuner, dîner : une table de bar ou une table basse d'appoint (idéale pour les apéros ou petit déj!) Le lit, clic clac avec un matelas de 19 cm, est en très bon état. Le quartier est absolument parfait.  Proximité avec les commerces (carrefour en face ! boulangerie, ...) et transport metro et bus. Proche de plusieurs squares l'appartement est dans un quartier tranquille et familial.  10 min à pied de la gare Montparnasse et 15 minute du champs de mars ! 
11842	Capacité 2 - 4 personnes,  nid romantique où passer un joli séjour à Paris, en amoureux où entre amis.	Bel appartement  de 50m2 confortable et décoré avec amour situé au premier étage dans une rue calme au coeur d'un quartier animé et familial. De nombreux commerces et marchés à proximité, sans oublier la Tour Eiffel qui se trouve à 10 mn à pieds. Capacité 2 - 4 personnes,  nid romantique où passer un joli séjour à Paris, en amoureux où entre amis. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'intégralité de l'appartement et de ses équipements. Vous pouvez me contacter quand vous le souhaitez via email et téléphone, je serais ravie de répondre à vos questions. Je parle anglais et un peu d'espagnol. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier très sur avec toutes sortes de restaurants et commerces à proximité. Métro le plus proche : Commerce, ligne 8 Bus 70 et 88 en bas de la maison / in front my place. Accessible également par le métro: -Emile Zola ligne 10 (5mn à pieds/walking)  -La Motte Piquet - Grenelle ligne 8, 10 et 6 (7minutes à pieds/walking) Cuisine bien équipée pour y mijoter de bon plats et vi
11843	A very nice and quiet appartement in the 15th district of Paris, with a nice parc outside the window. 15 minutes by walk to the Eiffel Tower, everything by reach to the nicest places of Paris.  Kitchen, bathroom for 4 people to enjoy Paris for a week.	A very nice and quiet appartement in the 15th district of Paris, with a nice parc outside the window. 15 minutes by walk to the Eiffel Tower, everything by reach to the nicest places of Paris.  Kitchen, bathroom for 2 people to enjoy Paris
11844	Balcon filant tout au long de l'appartement.	Appartement très sympa au croisement de Vaugirard/Convention et proche de la Porte de Versailles. A 10 minutes de la Tout Eiffel. Lumineux, clair, parquet et tomettes avec un grand lit 160 et un canapé Ikea convertible sur lequel on dit bien. Idéal couple avec enfants ou couple d'amis. Balcon filant tout au long de l'appartement. Machine a laver, lave vaisselle, grand frigo, four et four micro ondes. Baignoire. Accueil le premier jour, et possibilité d'aller vous chercher à un aéroport gratuitement ! Accessible par le métro Convention sur la ligne 12. Nombreux bus aux alentours et Périphérique à 2 minutes.
11845	Grand appartement très cosy grande télé cablée	Peux loger 2personnes chambre attenante au salon Grand appartement très cosy grande télé cablée Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine petit déjeuner compris La plus part du temps je serais disponible Il y un tram qui vous emmène cité universitaire et la vous avez des navettes qui vous emmènent aux aéroports Des commerçants à proximité et le métro à 50m quartier Georges brassens Si vous prenez les navettes pour l'aéroport Orly Charles de Gaulle vous vous dirigez au tram cité universitaire et celui c vous emmène porte brancion
11846	Ce logement est agréable de part sa situation, il est proche de la Tour Eiffel. De plus il est calme (donnant sur cour pavé) mais aussi proche de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants qui font le charme de Paris. Le métro y est tout proche et dessert de nombreux endroits touristiques	Studio entièrement rénové, style moderne, au calme donnant sur cour pavé; petit square paisible en face de la résidence. Idéalement situé, proche Tour Eiffel, Montparnasse Parc des Expositions composé d'un canapé lit convertible haut de gamme, et une belle douche à l'italienne Ce logement est agréable de part sa situation, il est proche de la Tour Eiffel. De plus il est calme (donnant sur cour pavé) mais aussi proche de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants qui font le charme de Paris. Le métro y est tout proche et dessert de nombreux endroits touristiques Situé en plein coeur du 15ème, ce studio est desservi par la ligne 12 métro Volontaires (dessert Montparnasse, rue de Renne, assemblée Nationale, Concorde, Madeleine d'un côté et Parc des Expositions de l'autre côté de la ligne) et la ligne 6 métro Sèvres Lecourbe (dessert Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, Arc de Triomphe d'un côté et place Denfert Rochereau et Bercy de l'autre côté)
11847	idéalement situé au 6é étage sur rue  (dernier étage avec ascenseur)  ce tres joli studio lumineux dispose d'une magnifique térrasse aménagée,  avec  vue panoramique sur les toits de Paris. Que demander de mieux? celui-ci est tres proche : du quartier Montparnasse animé et commerçant ou vous trouverez de nombreux  restaurants. Pour vos loisirs, cinémas et théâtres vous permettront de passer un bon moment! des gares de Monparnasse ( 5 minutes à pied ) , de Lyon  ainsi que de l'hopital Necker du coeur historique de Paris de  la latour Eiffel, des Invalides et du quartier latin l' immeuble est bien entretenu et tres sécurisé grâce a deux digicodes La configuration de l'appartement permet d'accueillir confortablement de 2 à 4 personnes : 1 canapé-lit 1,40m /2,00m et 1 lit 2 personnes ( mezzanine ) : lit 1,40m/2,00m sur demande possibilité d' un couchage supplémentaire ( lit d'appoint 0,70m/1,91m ) Vous avez la possibilité de stocker vos bagages  dans un local sécurisé 	idéalement situé au 6é étage sur rue  (dernier étage avec ascenseur)  ce tres joli studio lumineux dispose d'une magnifique térrasse aménagée,  avec  vue panoramique sur les toits de Paris. Que demander de mieux? celui-ci est tres proche : du quartier Montparnasse animé et commerçant ou vous trouverez de nombreux  restaurants. Pour vos loisirs, cinémas et théâtres vous permettront de passer un bon moment! des gares de Monparnasse ( 5 minutes à pied ) , de Lyon  ainsi que de l'hopital Necker du coeur historique de Paris de  la latour Eiffel, des Invalides et du quartier latin l' immeuble est bien entretenu et tres sécurisé grâce a deux digicodes La configuration de l'appartement permet d'accueillir confortablement de 2 à 4 personnes : 1 canapé-lit 1,40m /2,00m et 1 lit 2 personnes ( mezzanine ) : lit 1,40m/2,00m sur demande possibilité d' un couchage supplémentaire ( lit d'appoint 0,70m/1,91m ) Vous avez la possibilité de stocker vos bagages  dans un local sécurisé 
11848	30 meters from Convention METRO station, 50 meters from a VELIB (self-service bikes) station! Around 45 m2 in total : Big room with 140 x 200 cm bed Comfy sofa-bed of 120 x 190 cm with its mattress-pad  Extra table and 2 chairs available upon request Fully equipped kitchen with gas & thermomix (we dont like micro-wave though) Separated bathroom and toilets	30 meters from Convention METRO station, 50 meters from a VELIB (self-service bikes) station! Around 45 m2 in total : Big room with 140 x 200 cm bed Comfy sofa-bed of 120 x 190 cm with its mattress-pad  Extra table and 2 chairs available upon request Fully equipped kitchen with gas & thermomix (we dont like micro-wave though) Separated bathroom and toilets The entire flat Yes as much as possible! Not downtown, but this particular crossroad rue de la Convention / rue de Vaugirard is the nicest in the 15th arrondissement because it is full of life with the metro at the square surrounded with trees, and with its restaurants, brasseries, and shops on both streets. 30 meters from Convention metro station 50 meters from a Velib (self-service bikes) station You can book a taxi through me  from or to CDG (45€) / Orly (35€) airports if you are interested.
11849		Appartement 40 m2, très calme, refait à neuf : cuisine américaine - salle de bain avec douche - wc séparés - machine à laver - lave vaisselle. Au pied du Parc Georges Brassens  - Métro Convention à 5 min. Proximité commerces - restaurants - cafés
11850	Newly decorated shared 3 bedroom apartment offering for rental, 1 nice room (private lock), with a brand new excellent quality sofa bed. Haussmann style, parquet flooring, large french window, fireplace, south facing, quiet courtyard, 5th floor with elevator,2 security doors for building entry. 	Newly decorated, 1 nice room with a brand new excellent quality sofa bed. Located 4 minutes walk for the Eiffel Towel. Newly decorated shared 3 bedroom apartment offering for rental, 1 nice room (private lock), with a brand new excellent quality sofa bed. Haussmann style, parquet flooring, large french window, fireplace, south facing, quiet courtyard, 5th floor with elevator,2 security doors for building entry. Your room, entrance hall way, kitchen, shower-room, toilet. Quiet residential area, super safe, moments away from : small park, nice little church, wonderful outside market selling fresh food, boulangeries, restaurants, florist, supermarkets, even Starbucks ! UNDERGROUND : La motte picquet  Métro 6 - Métro 8 - Métro 10 BUS : (phone number hidden) AUTOLIB : Electrical car rental (5€ per 30mins) VELIB : Bicycle rental. Average time to the famous place  Eiffel Tower : 4min walking ; Jardin des Tuileries / Concorde : 11min ; Gare Montparnasse : 13min ; Arc de triomphe / avenue des C
11851	This large loft of 60 square meter has a open kitchen all equipped, a dining place with a large table and a desk. A few little steps, and you have the large living-room with a sofa bed and large closets. On the courtyard, it is luminous and calm. You can fit stand up in the mezzanine where there is the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath and a shower. The apartment is on the fifth floor with no lift.	              Amazing loft located at Motte Picquet area, just behind the Eiffel Tower and close to  Beaugrenelle shopcenter. This 60 square meter loft, calm and luminous,  with the bedroom in mezzanine and a sofa bed, is for 2 or 4 persons.   This large loft of 60 square meter has a open kitchen all equipped, a dining place with a large table and a desk. A few little steps, and you have the large living-room with a sofa bed and large closets. On the courtyard, it is luminous and calm. You can fit stand up in the mezzanine where there is the bedroom. The bathroom has a bath and a shower. The apartment is on the fifth floor with no lift. All is free access in the apartment : internet, TV, hifi, kitchen, etc... I will welcome you myself at the apartment Located just close the Motte Picquet place, two minutes from Beaugrenelle shopcenter and a few minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Severals metro and bus are just close.
11852	Beautiful and spacious apartment, in a typical residential parisian area!  2 rooms + large terrace +  kitchen + bathroom + 2 toilets + private parking space.  Building with 24-7 security agent. Very bright. Contemporary design furnitures. Fully furnished. Right in front of Seine River banks. 2 rooms facing a large terrace with table and seats; wide windows. - The living room includes a convertible sofa (making 2 possible additional sleepings), coffee table and dinner table, TV set (with satellite Canal+), high-speed wireless Internet. Gorgeous ornamental plant. Shelves with typical parisian decoration. Bookshelf. This room also includes an eating area facing the Seine with round table and 4 chairs. - Kitchen: oven, stick induction, microwave oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, complete set of dishes, washing machine. - Spacious bedroom with a queen size double bed. - Bathroom: large bathtub with shower, a washbasin, toilets, arrangements.  - Additional independent Toilets in the entran	Beautiful and spacious apartment, in a typical residential parisian area!  2 rooms + large terrace +  kitchen + bathroom + 2 toilets + private parking space.  Building with 24-7 security agent. Very bright. Contemporary design furnitures. Fully furnished. Right in front of Seine River banks. 2 rooms facing a large terrace with table and seats; wide windows. - The living room includes a convertible sofa (making 2 possible additional sleepings), coffee table and dinner table, TV set (with satellite Canal+), high-speed wireless Internet. Gorgeous ornamental plant. Shelves with typical parisian decoration. Bookshelf. This room also includes an eating area facing the Seine with round table and 4 chairs. - Kitchen: oven, stick induction, microwave oven, refrigerator, coffee machine, complete set of dishes, washing machine. - Spacious bedroom with a queen size double bed. - Bathroom: large bathtub with shower, a washbasin, toilets, arrangements.  - Additional independent Toilets in the entran
11853	Appartement parisien traditionnel avec tout le confort moderne. Traditional parisian flat , full renovated with all modern comfort.	A 2 pas de la rue du commerce dans le quartier de la Tour Eiffel, un appartement de 50 M² pour poser vos valises et se sentir comme à la maison. Appartement parisien traditionnel avec tout le confort moderne. Traditional parisian flat , full renovated with all modern comfort. L'appartement est pour vous pour toute la durée du séjour. Flat dedicated to you for your stay. Coeur de Paris, la rue du commerce et ses environs constituent un véritable village où vous trouverez tout à proximité.  Burrough with all shopping and fooding facilities. Transports en commun vers toutes les gares et aéroports. Paris centrum, all transportation facilities to stations and airports.
11854	We are a professional English-speaking couple with a large, clean, cozy bedroom available in our 2BR apartment. The apartment is on the 7th floor of a secure elevator building in the 15th arrondissement, 1 block from the River Seine. 	Large, comfy bedroom available in our apartment in the 15th arrondissement in Paris near the Seine. Located 1 minute from the metro and RER C. Nearby cafés and shopping. Wi-fi, optional airport pick-up/drop-off and optional breakfast available We are a professional English-speaking couple with a large, clean, cozy bedroom available in our 2BR apartment. The apartment is on the 7th floor of a secure elevator building in the 15th arrondissement, 1 block from the River Seine.  Complimentary wi-fi is available. We can offer optional airport or train station pick-up and drop-off to start your trip off smoothly (additional charge).  If you'd like to wake up to a delicious meal, Jaime will cook you one of her lovely breakfasts (additional charge). If you stay with us on a Sunday, you have the option to join our weekly Paris Brunch Club brunch (visit (website hidden) for more info!) Chris works during the day and Jaime may be in and out of the apartment. You are welcome to relax in the living 
11855	Nice flat nearby the Eiffel Tower, it has one bedroom with a two places bed and a two places sofa. The neighborhood has a lot of restaurants and commedities to offer.	Nice flat nearby the Eiffel Tower, it has one bedroom with a two places bed and a two places sofa. The neighborhood has a lot of restaurants and commedities to offer.
11856		Deux pièces de 35m^2 dans le 15e arrondissement (M10, M8, RER C). Chambre avec lit deux places, salon avec kitchenette et canapé/lit deux places. Idéale pour couple avec un ou deux enfant(s). Proche Tour Eiffel (10 minutes en bus).
11857	Très agréable pour étudiant ou couple. Grand dressing et rangement	Très beau studio moderne, confortable et très éclairé avec vue sur jardin japonais, dans quartier Montparnasse-Edgar Quinet. Entièrement aménagé pour la vie quotidienne, dans une résidence calme et propre. Centre de Paris, face à la gare, Galeries Lafayettes, au dessus de Monoprix, proche cinéma, restaurants, shopping. Très agréable pour étudiant ou couple. Grand dressing et rangement Metro ligne 12/6/4/13. Bus (phone number hidden). Gare Montparnasse
11858		 Dans résidence de caractère , sécurisé  ,piscine privée,   plein sud balcon de 7 M2, sans vis à vis WC indépendant, 4 ieme étage avec ascenseur, 400 m metro convention  , 800 M porte Versaille-Expo , proximité commerces, animal non toléré,    
11859	A hallway welcomes you in this luminous apartment. From there, you enter a large living room with a terrace that overlooks the street. It comprises of a dining area with a dining table, a work desk and a library on one side and a comfortable big corner sofa with a low table, two chairs and a huge TV screen, on the other side. - A fully equipped kitchen, spacious, with a window, a washing machine and a table with chairs - Two spacious bedrooms, each with a double bed, furniture for clothes  and with a big slide windows overlooking a quiet inner courtyard; the two bed rooms share a long and calm terrace with a small table and chairs, perfect for the sunny afternoons -Bathroom: across the bedrooms, there is a lovely pink bathroom with a bathtub and all necessities -The toilette is separate and is located just besides the bathroom	Welcome to this well-designed luminous flat with 2 quiet bedroom and a large living room with TV.  There are many food stores and restaurants nearby, touristic areas are easily reachable on foot or by transports. Perfect for groups of 5 to 7. A hallway welcomes you in this luminous apartment. From there, you enter a large living room with a terrace that overlooks the street. It comprises of a dining area with a dining table, a work desk and a library on one side and a comfortable big corner sofa with a low table, two chairs and a huge TV screen, on the other side. - A fully equipped kitchen, spacious, with a window, a washing machine and a table with chairs - Two spacious bedrooms, each with a double bed, furniture for clothes  and with a big slide windows overlooking a quiet inner courtyard; the two bed rooms share a long and calm terrace with a small table and chairs, perfect for the sunny afternoons -Bathroom: across the bedrooms, there is a lovely pink bathroom with a bathtub and a
11860	 Old and Charming 1930 construction , all confort, renovated,  Double Living Room, 1 big  kitchen dinning room on a wonderfull terrasse, 2 bedrooms , very near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, near restaurants and the rue du Commerce,  famous for  shipping .  Very Nearby :  - The Metro Station  Metro Motte Picquet Grenelle, with 6 directions ! - The  rue du Commerce, Famous for all its boutiques -  The Tour eiffeil et The  Invalides (Tombeau de Napoleon)  - The  Champs de Mars to rest .... -  Many Restaurants all around  - Market on Wenesday and Sundays morning All Bed sheets and towels are at your disposal .  Come as you are .....	 Old and Charming 1930 construction , all confort, renovated,  Double Living Room, 1 big  kitchen dinning room on a wonderfull terrasse, 2 bedrooms , very near the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, near restaurants and the rue du Commerce,  famous for  shipping .  Very Nearby :  - The Metro Station  Metro Motte Picquet Grenelle, with 6 directions ! - The  rue du Commerce, Famous for all its boutiques -  The Tour eiffeil et The  Invalides (Tombeau de Napoleon)  - The  Champs de Mars to rest .... -  Many Restaurants all around  - Market on Wenesday and Sundays morning All Bed sheets and towels are at your disposal .  Come as you are .....
11861		Studio très agréable de 36m2 tout équipé avec moquette. Il dispose d'un lit, un grand canapé lit, une salle de bain, un grand balcon (6m2), cuisine, console, télévision, café. Très beau quartier  avec de commerces de proximités, métro, vélib, cinema, centre commercial (website hidden) du quartier sur place 
11862	"Vous recherchez un appartement familial, fonctionnel et agréable à vivre, calme, central et à proximité immédiate des lieux historiques et de l'animation typiquement parisienne, pour découvrir Paris, notre appartement répondra à vos attentes !!  Il est situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble 1920, à 50 m du typique square Dupleix avec son joli kiosque à musique et à deux rues du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Effeil. De là vous pouvez rayonner facilement vers tous les lieux historiques (Metro Motte-Picquet ou Dupleix à 3 minutes, station Vélib' au coin de la rue). Notre appartement est très lumineux à toute heure de la journée (vis à vis très éloigné) et bien ""ventilé"" en été ; il est composé : - d'un double living room (environ 35 m2) - de deux chambres l'une parentale avec lit double et l'autre équipée d'un lit superposé pouvant convenir aussi à des adultes (Longueur 1m90). - d'une grande cuisine d'esprit ""maison de campagne"" ouvrant sur un balcon et la cour arborée intérieure de l'immeuble, "	"A 300 m du Champs de Mars /Tour Eiffel. A proximité de tous commerces, notre appartement est très agréable et lumineux : double séjour, une cuisine ""comme à la campagne"" avec accès sur cour et 2 chambres. Depuis 15 ans, Nous y sommes très bien ! Vous recherchez un appartement familial, fonctionnel et agréable à vivre, calme, central et à proximité immédiate des lieux historiques et de l'animation typiquement parisienne, pour découvrir Paris, notre appartement répondra à vos attentes !!  Il est situé au 1er étage d'un immeuble 1920, à 50 m du typique square Dupleix avec son joli kiosque à musique et à deux rues du Champs de Mars et de la Tour Effeil. De là vous pouvez rayonner facilement vers tous les lieux historiques (Metro Motte-Picquet ou Dupleix à 3 minutes, station Vélib' au coin de la rue). Notre appartement est très lumineux à toute heure de la journée (vis à vis très éloigné) et bien ""ventilé"" en été ; il est composé : - d'un double living room (environ 35 m2) - de deux chambre"
11863	"SHARING A PLACE WITH  A TYPICAL PARISIAN FAMILY ! In a colorfull and sunny appartement, 4th floor, the room for two persons (1 double bed 140x190, desk, closet) have a private shower room . A large rond carpet pure wool on the bamboo floor will take care of your feet after long walks in Paris ! From the large window, you'll see the garden and artists place downstair. It is very quiet !  The appartment is to share with the cat ""Jean-Luc"", who talk when someone is arriving ! My daugter (21 years old) and i have our own bathroom. The large kitchen (4 people can it there) is to share, as the toilets located in the entrance. We travel a lot and we love to meet people from all over the world. We speak spanish and english, but we can also manage in some other langages ! At home, two passions are all over : colors and books... ! 15 arrondissement is full of families, very secure, you can walk on night there without problem. Anything is available in less than  4 minutes : restaurants, cafes (in"	"In a large and colorfull appartment, we will receive you in a bedroom with a double bed and your private  shower room.  View on a garden, a very quiet place. 15 mn by foot from the eiffel tower...! continental breakfast on demand ! SHARING A PLACE WITH  A TYPICAL PARISIAN FAMILY ! In a colorfull and sunny appartement, 4th floor, the room for two persons (1 double bed 140x190, desk, closet) have a private shower room . A large rond carpet pure wool on the bamboo floor will take care of your feet after long walks in Paris ! From the large window, you'll see the garden and artists place downstair. It is very quiet !  The appartment is to share with the cat ""Jean-Luc"", who talk when someone is arriving ! My daugter (21 years old) and i have our own bathroom. The large kitchen (4 people can it there) is to share, as the toilets located in the entrance. We travel a lot and we love to meet people from all over the world. We speak spanish and english, but we can also manage in some other langa"
11864	Charming Parisian flat located in the 15th of Paris for a surface of 47m2 The 15thArrondissement is renowned for its tranquility.  There are many charming restaurants and bistros , and many parks( Square Saint Lambert, André Citroen park, Parc Brassens ... ) . The apartment is well served by public transport , 2 subway stations conveniently serve the most popular tourist spots. The Eiffel Tower , Champ de Mars and the Trocadero are within walking distance. The “Parc des expositions” located Porte de Versailles is a few minutes’ walk. The apartment is on the 4th of a quiet building with elevator, it is away from city noise and cars. This apartment is flood with sunshine and it has windows in every room . 	Charming, Parisian apartment , central quiet and well equipped Close to 2 well deserved subway stations. 10 minutes from Eiffel Tower by subway or bike! It can accommodate up to 4 people , but is perfect for 2 . Charming Parisian flat located in the 15th of Paris for a surface of 47m2 The 15thArrondissement is renowned for its tranquility.  There are many charming restaurants and bistros , and many parks( Square Saint Lambert, André Citroen park, Parc Brassens ... ) . The apartment is well served by public transport , 2 subway stations conveniently serve the most popular tourist spots. The Eiffel Tower , Champ de Mars and the Trocadero are within walking distance. The “Parc des expositions” located Porte de Versailles is a few minutes’ walk. The apartment is on the 4th of a quiet building with elevator, it is away from city noise and cars. This apartment is flood with sunshine and it has windows in every room . Apartment disposal: - Open kitchen in a living room / dining room with cour
11865	"130 square feet brand new apartment designed by architect located on the 11th floor with an amazing 100 square feet terrace with a view on the whole city (Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre..). Probably one of the best terrace in Paris at this price! The apartment is located in the ""Commerce"" area in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. It's a 20 minute walk from the Eiffel. There are 3 different metro lines within a few minutes walking and a lot of cafés, restaurants and unique boutiques. The building is in a nice local area in between ""Rue du Commerce"" (known for it's lively local atmosphere) and one of Paris' biggest and brand new department store ""Beaugrenelle"" located along the Seine on the left bank.  The area is nice, clean and quiet at night. It's a 10 minute walk from the Swans Island on The Seine River where the little Statue of Liberty is. Ideal walk for couples, very romantic along the Seine and very few people. Fully equiped with Internet access, TV, wine cellar in the kitch"	"430 square feet apartment entirely and recently renovated by architect with a 320 square feet terrace and amazing view on Eiffel Tower. Located in the nicest of locals area and only 10 minutes from city center with the metro. 130 square feet brand new apartment designed by architect located on the 11th floor with an amazing 100 square feet terrace with a view on the whole city (Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Montmartre..). Probably one of the best terrace in Paris at this price! The apartment is located in the ""Commerce"" area in the 15th arrondissement of Paris. It's a 20 minute walk from the Eiffel. There are 3 different metro lines within a few minutes walking and a lot of cafés, restaurants and unique boutiques. The building is in a nice local area in between ""Rue du Commerce"" (known for it's lively local atmosphere) and one of Paris' biggest and brand new department store ""Beaugrenelle"" located along the Seine on the left bank.  The area is nice, clean and quiet at night. It's a 10 minut"
11866	Appartement avec plafond moulures, parquet, équipé de la fibre internet !	Appartement de 50 m2, lumineux, à 10 min de la Tour Eiffel à pied. Il dispose d'une cuisine équipée, d'une chambre (lit double) +SDB, d'un salon en deux parties dont une peut constituer une chambre avec un canapé-lit (double). Appartement avec plafond moulures, parquet, équipé de la fibre internet !
11867		Voici un charmant studio dans une rue calme mise a part les gazouillements des oiseaux. Proche du la tour eiffel et du parc Andre Citroen, l'endroit est entouré de commerces et le marché a lieu 3 jours par semaine. Un excellent endroit pour découvrir Paris ! J'habite a cote et me tient a disposition pour tout information ou demande de conseil La presence d'une rue commercante et des marche rue saint charles anime le quartier. Rer c arret javel, metro 10 (javel) ou 8 (boucicaut)
11868	C'est un Duplex qui a été refait par un Architecte et, qui peut accueillir 6 personnes. description : Au rez-de-chaussé : Entrée, cuisine équipée donnant sur la salle à manger, séjour avec 3 fenêtres en double vitrage, une grande bibliothèque et un canapé/convertible de deux places avec un matelas de bonne qualité, salle-de-bains et WC,  au 1re étage :  Se trouve une chambre avec un lit double (matelas de qualité)pour deux personnes, une petite chanvre pour enfant se trouve un lit simple pour une personne, rangement, penderie, machine à laver et séchante. Très soigneuse, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis, café, thé et produits de bases pour cuisiner sont disponibles. Équipements Cuisine : - machine à café Nespresso  - bouilloire  - grille pain - distributeur d'eau filtrée  - vaisselles  - four - batterie de cuisine  - produits de base pour cuisiner  - aspirateur  - fer à repasser/table Salle de b	Appartement en Duplex  de deux pièces  pour 6 personnes à 5mn de la porte de Versailles Paris 15. Très bien équipé, refait par Architecte. C'est un Duplex qui a été refait par un Architecte et, qui peut accueillir 6 personnes. description : Au rez-de-chaussé : Entrée, cuisine équipée donnant sur la salle à manger, séjour avec 3 fenêtres en double vitrage, une grande bibliothèque et un canapé/convertible de deux places avec un matelas de bonne qualité, salle-de-bains et WC,  au 1re étage :  Se trouve une chambre avec un lit double (matelas de qualité)pour deux personnes, une petite chanvre pour enfant se trouve un lit simple pour une personne, rangement, penderie, machine à laver et séchante. Très soigneuse, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis, café, thé et produits de bases pour cuisiner sont disponibles. Équipements Cuisine : - machine à café Nespresso  - bouilloire  - grille pain - distributeur d
11869	Housing 3 bedroom apartment in perfect condition and nicely decorated (living room and 2 bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen , bathroom, and separate toilet ) , can comfortably accommodate two to four adults or a couple with children. High floor, with view and balcony. Residence with 2 lifts . Location Perfectly located in a busy area , it is 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes from the new Beaugrenelle shopping center. Metro, bus and shops at the foot of the building. Transport network Direct Metro line 8 to get to live to get to the neighborhood stores ( Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ) and Opera, Concorde, Invalides, Grands Boulevards , etc ... Near Montparnasse . Typical Parisian area Real neighborhood life in the heart of Paris! The apartment is located in a neighborhood where there are all amenities including supermarkets, bakeries , restaurants, bars , transport ... Ideal also for shopping, with nearby commercial street and shops, and beaugrenelle mall. The apartmen	Two-room modern, cozy, cozy, typical! Can accommodate couples with children and is centrally located in a quiet street, 15 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower Enjoy its kitchen, its access and proximity to the subway. Housing 3 bedroom apartment in perfect condition and nicely decorated (living room and 2 bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen , bathroom, and separate toilet ) , can comfortably accommodate two to four adults or a couple with children. High floor, with view and balcony. Residence with 2 lifts . Location Perfectly located in a busy area , it is 15 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes from the new Beaugrenelle shopping center. Metro, bus and shops at the foot of the building. Transport network Direct Metro line 8 to get to live to get to the neighborhood stores ( Galeries Lafayette, Printemps ) and Opera, Concorde, Invalides, Grands Boulevards , etc ... Near Montparnasse . Typical Parisian area Real neighborhood life in the heart of Paris! The apartment is located in 
11870	The apartment features a loft bed and a convertible couch.  The apartment is very nice situated in the triangle of the Montparnasse tower, the hotel Invalides and the Eifel tower in a very secure area of Paris. Supermarkets, bars, restaurants, metro stations, laundry - all in walking distance in few minutes.  * Metro station Sevre-Lecourbe and bus stations directly in front of the door (line 6) * Other metro lines (10,12,13) in 5 minutes walking distance High speed internet access and TV Fresh blankets, bedsheets and towels are provided.  Please contact me for any questions. I'll do my very best to offer a good solution to your requests.  	Small furnished apartment in a very secure area near the hotel invalides and the Montparnasse tower with kitchen and bath room.    The apartment features a loft bed and a convertible couch.  The apartment is very nice situated in the triangle of the Montparnasse tower, the hotel Invalides and the Eifel tower in a very secure area of Paris. Supermarkets, bars, restaurants, metro stations, laundry - all in walking distance in few minutes.  * Metro station Sevre-Lecourbe and bus stations directly in front of the door (line 6) * Other metro lines (10,12,13) in 5 minutes walking distance High speed internet access and TV Fresh blankets, bedsheets and towels are provided.  Please contact me for any questions. I'll do my very best to offer a good solution to your requests.   The apartment is very nice situated in the triangle of the Montparnasse tower, the hotel Invalides and the Eifel tower in a very secure area of Paris. Supermarkets, bars, restaurants, metro stations, laundry - all in walk
11871	The apartment is located in a beautiful Parisian building from 1920 with an elevator. It is ideal for 4 people. A parking spot is also available for you for 10 € more by night. The apartment is composed of two large bright rooms and no building opposite. The first one is a beautiful room, stripped down and zen, in which there are a double bed and a wardrobe where you can store all your personal belongings. The second one is a really nice lounge with Parisian style. You have at your disposal a large sofa where you can relax after your day and which you can also turn into a bed for two. There is also a TV with cable and a table where you can eat with family and friends. You will find a large bathroom with a bathtub. Restroom are in the hallway, in another room. The kitchen is in a separate room and is fully equipped: coffee machine, fridge, oven, washing machine, etc. Linen, towels, pillowcases, shampoo and shower gels are provided. You have access to free wifi. The neighborhood is very 	This beautiful and comfy apartment for 4 people is perfect for your business trips or family vacations . It is located in a lively neighborhood in proximity to many shops , restaurants, ... The apartment is located in a beautiful Parisian building from 1920 with an elevator. It is ideal for 4 people. A parking spot is also available for you for 10 € more by night. The apartment is composed of two large bright rooms and no building opposite. The first one is a beautiful room, stripped down and zen, in which there are a double bed and a wardrobe where you can store all your personal belongings. The second one is a really nice lounge with Parisian style. You have at your disposal a large sofa where you can relax after your day and which you can also turn into a bed for two. There is also a TV with cable and a table where you can eat with family and friends. You will find a large bathroom with a bathtub. Restroom are in the hallway, in another room. The kitchen is in a separate room and is
11872	Very large dining room - living room area, very bright and spacious.	This place is large and ideal for a family. It is in a beautiful building, very nice neighborhood, relatively quiet and very safe but quite a few good restaurants within 1-2 blocks and really close to Eiffel Tower (15 min walk)       Very large dining room - living room area, very bright and spacious. A few closets are not allowed for guest access. All rooms are accessible. Somebody (family member) should be here to welcome you.  Preferred method for exchange is email but will be accessible on cell phone for emergencies.  We will prepare detailed instructions that will be sent to you before your arrival. Very close to Eiffel Tower (15-20 min walk). 5 bakeries, 2-3 butchers, 2 wine shops, cheese shops, 10 restaurants or bars all within 2 blocks. The new beaugrenelle shopping center is also less than 5 minutes away. One metro line (10) at our doorstep, two other lines (6 and 8) within 5-10 minutes.
11873	This beautiful one bedroom apartment is located on the quiet Rue Mayet, 10 min away from the Luxury Department Store le Bon Marché, in the 6th arrondissement. It is on the 2d floor without a lift (3rd American floor) of an old Parisian and family building. It has been newly renovated with a modern decoration. Perfect for a family stay or with friends, it can accommodate 4 guests. This one bedroom apartment of about 60 square meters (approx. (phone number hidden) sq ft) features a cozy and luminous living room with three windows on the street side. It includes a convertible sofa that opens into a double bed (140x190 cm), a coffee table, two armchairs, a dining area with table and chairs for four, a beautiful old fireplace, a working area with a desk and numerous cupboards, many books, cable TV with international channels and internet in Wi-Fi. Follow the hallway from the entrance and you will find the separate small kitchen. It is fully equipped with stove, microwave, toaster, boiler, c	Refined one bedroom apartment located Rue Mayet, next to Duroc and Le Bon Marché Departement store, 6th arrondissement. 2nd floor without an elevator. Luminous & spacious flat with an elegant decoration, charming fireplace, and wooden floor. This beautiful one bedroom apartment is located on the quiet Rue Mayet, 10 min away from the Luxury Department Store le Bon Marché, in the 6th arrondissement. It is on the 2d floor without a lift (3rd American floor) of an old Parisian and family building. It has been newly renovated with a modern decoration. Perfect for a family stay or with friends, it can accommodate 4 guests. This one bedroom apartment of about 60 square meters (approx. (phone number hidden) sq ft) features a cozy and luminous living room with three windows on the street side. It includes a convertible sofa that opens into a double bed (140x190 cm), a coffee table, two armchairs, a dining area with table and chairs for four, a beautiful old fireplace, a working area with a desk
11874		Petite chambre dans un appart de 85m2 situé dans le 15 ème arrondissement de Paris. Donne sur cour très calme. Toutes commodités. Internet.
11875	Appartement de plus de 100 mètres carrés avec une terrasse sur le toit de l'immeuble. Une suite parentale avec salle de bain et toilettes, trois chambres simple dont l'une pour enfant.	Last floor apartment with 4 rooms (1 double room, 3 single rooms including one children room) in a recent building with a roof top terrace. Elevator. Close to Beaugrenelle shopping center, restaurants and cinemas.  7 minutes from Javel station (lines C and 10) and Lourmel (line 8).
11876	The apartment is unique for its bay windows at the 29th floor with a view on Paris. Very secure, it is perfect for a peaceful stay in Paris, the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars being very close. It is zen and very calm. We can see the river Seine.  You will be able to sleep smoothly on a real and very confortable double bed. There's a big table to eat or work on it. Also, a sofa can serve for a 3rd guest. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a oven, a micro-wave....There is a bathtub is the bathroom.	Ideally located to visit Paris, the studio stands 15 min by foot from the Eiffel Tower, at the top of a high standard tower, with bay windows. Very quiet & bright, there is a view on river Seine. 40m2, it has a fully-equipped kitchen and a bathtub. The apartment is unique for its bay windows at the 29th floor with a view on Paris. Very secure, it is perfect for a peaceful stay in Paris, the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars being very close. It is zen and very calm. We can see the river Seine.  You will be able to sleep smoothly on a real and very confortable double bed. There's a big table to eat or work on it. Also, a sofa can serve for a 3rd guest. The kitchen is fully-equipped with a washing machine, a dishwasher, a oven, a micro-wave....There is a bathtub is the bathroom. You will have access to the whole apartment As far as I was born in Paris and I have been leaving here since then, I know a lot about this city which I would be very glad to share with you. You can always call me if a
11877	Welcome to your apartment in Paris ! The apartment : The 55 square meters superficy (560 sq.feet) make it ideal for a couple. It's composed of one bedroom with a king size bed and a dressing, a fully equipped kitchen (including oven with ceramic glass cooktop, microwave, smoothie blender...), a bathroom coming with a bathtub, and a washing machine. Toilets are separated.  The great part of the apartment is the double dining / living (website hidden) you can see on the pictures. In the living room, there's a really comfortable sofa where 1 extra people can sleep. Internet access is provided (both wireless and ethernet) as well as satellite TV you can watch on our HD videoprojector. Videogames fans will also enjoy the Xbox 360. You will also like the wine cellar, where you will be able to stock your own bottles and enjoy them at the perfect temperature.  A cleaning lady comes once a week. Located between two inner courtyards, the apartment is really calm and you can be sure that nothing 	Welcome to your apartment in Paris ! The apartment : The 55 square meters superficy (560 sq.feet) make it ideal for a couple. It's composed of one bedroom with a king size bed and a dressing, a fully equipped kitchen (including oven with ceramic glass cooktop, microwave, smoothie blender...), a bathroom coming with a bathtub, and a washing machine. Toilets are separated.  The great part of the apartment is the double dining / living (website hidden) you can see on the pictures. In the living room, there's a really comfortable sofa where 1 extra people can sleep. Internet access is provided (both wireless and ethernet) as well as satellite TV you can watch on our HD videoprojector. Videogames fans will also enjoy the Xbox 360. You will also like the wine cellar, where you will be able to stock your own bottles and enjoy them at the perfect temperature.  A cleaning lady comes once a week. Located between two inner courtyards, the apartment is really calm and you can be sure that nothing 
11878		Cosy apartment located in a calm, yet lively street (Rue du Commerce). 10 min walk to the Eiffel Tower. 2 metro stations within 100 mts, restaurants and bars. One main bed room (king size bed) and one separate living room with a king-size sofa bed.
11879		Charmant studio dans le 15ème arrondissement proche de la tour Eiffel. 6ème étage avec une vue dégagée.Bien desservi par les transports en commun. Proche de tout commerce. Idéal pour un couple.  Nice flat in the south of Paris, close to the Eiffel tower. Easily accessible by public transportation. Quiet with a very nice neighborhoud.
11880	Cozy 2 rooms apartment and a cat... On the 3rd floor of an old charming building, it's really bright. With elevator. Located in a quiet street, close to shops, 5 minutes from 2 underground stations and 3 bus lines that serve ideally main sights. The Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars and the Trocadero are within walking distance. One bedroom with a double bed and a desk. The sofa is convertible and this is a great extra bed (2 places). Kitchen with oven, microwave, fridge. Bathroom with bathtub. ADSL available, close to shops: 50m bakery, food store, Monoprix, cinema 5 min ... The 15th district is rich in charming little restaurants and bistros gourmet. And numerous parks: Saint Lambert square, park André Citroên, Brassens Park ... Ideal for exhibitions at the Parc des expositons Porte de Versailles. Be careful, the price is really attractive because I ask you to take care of my little cat. He's so cute and really quite. You just have to feed him :)	Cozy 2 rooms apartment and a cat... On the 3rd floor of an old charming building, it's really bright. With elevator. Located in a quiet street, close to shops, 5 minutes from 2 underground stations and 3 bus lines that serve ideally main sights. The Eiffel Tower, Champ de Mars and the Trocadero are within walking distance. One bedroom with a double bed and a desk. The sofa is convertible and this is a great extra bed (2 places). Kitchen with oven, microwave, fridge. Bathroom with bathtub. ADSL available, close to shops: 50m bakery, food store, Monoprix, cinema 5 min ... The 15th district is rich in charming little restaurants and bistros gourmet. And numerous parks: Saint Lambert square, park André Citroên, Brassens Park ... Ideal for exhibitions at the Parc des expositons Porte de Versailles. Be careful, the price is really attractive because I ask you to take care of my little cat. He's so cute and really quite. You just have to feed him :)
11881		Bonjour à toutes, BIEN LIRE CE QUI SUIT! Je suis une jeune femme proposant un co-hébergement entre filles dans mon studio meublé situé à 5 min à pieds de la Tour Eiffel, 10 min du Trocadéro et 2 min des métros (6, 8, 10). 5 nuitées minimum.
11882	Cet appartement de charme décoré par un architecte bénéficie d'une situation unique ( à deux pas du Champs de Mars, de l'école Militaire et de l'avenue de la Motte-Picquet ). Situé au deuxième étage d'un immeuble des années 30 classé dans une rue calme, il est très clair et haut de plafond. Il se compose d'une triple réception spacieuse, d'une salle à manger, cuisiné équipée, 3 chambres dont une suite parentale, king et queen size beds, 1 salle de bain et 1 salle de douche, toilettes séparées.	Appartement spacieux dans bel immeuble années 30 classé à deux pas du champs de mars. Plafonds hauts, clair, parquet.  Triple réception, salle à manger, cuisine , 3 chambres équipées de lits deux places, 2 salles de bains, WC séparés. Terrasse. Cet appartement de charme décoré par un architecte bénéficie d'une situation unique ( à deux pas du Champs de Mars, de l'école Militaire et de l'avenue de la Motte-Picquet ). Situé au deuxième étage d'un immeuble des années 30 classé dans une rue calme, il est très clair et haut de plafond. Il se compose d'une triple réception spacieuse, d'une salle à manger, cuisiné équipée, 3 chambres dont une suite parentale, king et queen size beds, 1 salle de bain et 1 salle de douche, toilettes séparées. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement et de ses équipements et rangements. Nous communiquons par mail avec nos voyageurs et nous rendons disponibles pour leur remettre les clés et les accueillir lors de leur arrivée. Nous restons au contact
11883	Apartment about 60 sqm located in the 15th arrondissement, 20 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Third floor of a building overlooking a courtyard / garden. For two adults and two children - in the livingroom is a hidden bed in the cabinet ; it is a real bed with a comfortable mattress ; we use it everynight - A child's room with a children bed - A baby room with a baby bed - Kitchen with oven, hob, microwave - Living room with TV, wireless internet - Balcony (or two people sitting with a small table for a drink) - A bathroom with shower and washing machine Many toys for 6month to 4 years old children A 3-minute walk from subway Line 8 Lourmel A 3-minute walk from the tram station Desnouettes T3 A 5 min walk Andre Citroen park 20 min metro from the Eiffel Tower 30 min Metro Louvre	Family apartement for 2 adult and 2 children. Near : - 15 min subway - gare Montparnasse - 20 min subway - Tour Eiffel - 25 min subway - Musée du Louvre Apartment about 60 sqm located in the 15th arrondissement, 20 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by subway. Third floor of a building overlooking a courtyard / garden. For two adults and two children - in the livingroom is a hidden bed in the cabinet ; it is a real bed with a comfortable mattress ; we use it everynight - A child's room with a children bed - A baby room with a baby bed - Kitchen with oven, hob, microwave - Living room with TV, wireless internet - Balcony (or two people sitting with a small table for a drink) - A bathroom with shower and washing machine Many toys for 6month to 4 years old children A 3-minute walk from subway Line 8 Lourmel A 3-minute walk from the tram station Desnouettes T3 A 5 min walk Andre Citroen park 20 min metro from the Eiffel Tower 30 min Metro Louvre How to get to the appartment : From Orly airport:
11884		Well placed in the 15th area, close to Georges Brassens Park with a charming place surrounded by restaurants. Safe and quiet area. Close to metro 12 and 13 to reach every areas of Paris in the best time.
11885	Bel appartement d'un immeuble haussmannien, dans le quartier Dupleix, au 3ième etage (avec ascenseur). Appartement calme, bien entretenu et proche de toutes commodités (métro, commerce, supermarchés, cinéma etc.) Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis Il se compose : - d'une chambre avec un lit double - d'un salon  - d'une salle à manger  - d'une cuisine séparée et équipée de neuf - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire  - et d'un WC séparé.  Le Wifi est disponible ainsi qu'une télévision et d'une chaine Hifi.	Beau 3 pièces de 47m², situé dans le 15ième arrondissement, proche des commerces ( entre la Motte Piquet et le centre commercial Beaugrenelle); 15 min de la tour eiffel Très calme et clair, ideal pour couple ou personne voyageant seule. Bel appartement d'un immeuble haussmannien, dans le quartier Dupleix, au 3ième etage (avec ascenseur). Appartement calme, bien entretenu et proche de toutes commodités (métro, commerce, supermarchés, cinéma etc.) Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis Il se compose : - d'une chambre avec un lit double - d'un salon  - d'une salle à manger  - d'une cuisine séparée et équipée de neuf - d'une salle de bain avec baignoire  - et d'un WC séparé.  Le Wifi est disponible ainsi qu'une télévision et d'une chaine Hifi. Vous aurez acces a tout l'appartement et les appareils disponibles (machine à laver, machine Nespresso, robot ménager, sèche cheveux...). Par ailleurs, vous trouverez des draps, une couette, des oreillers et des serviette de toilettes. Nous essaiero
11886	Our charming one bedroom flat in the heart of Eiffel Tower neigbourhood will make your stay in Paris unforgettable. It is in a convenient location where you will be abble to grab a little bit of Paris life in Champs de Mars (5 min walk) or rue Clerc (12 min walk), to enjoy a breathtaking view of the lovers city from the Eiffel Tower.  Our cocoon situated in a quiet street will welcome you nicely with its large but cosy living room inn which there isna sofa bed flr two. We love the double glazed big windows which open on the big balcony with sofa, tables and chairs. The Our bathroom is quite big and offers the possibility to take a bah in our bathtub. Furthermore, the secure car park, very rare inside Paris, is very convenient.  Last but not least, we are happy for you to use everything you need in the flat and make yourself at home.	Be welcomed in our nice and big flat 5 min from Eiffel tower with big balcony. One big room and one coach (and an other coach in the balcony!) Totally equiped (kitchen, washing machine, car park, lots of french books :) )  3min from metro 6. Very well stituated.  
11887	Charmant studio qui a tout ce qu'il faut !   - 26 mètres carrés - Pouvant accueillir deux personnes, voire même trois (pour quelques jours mais cela nuira à votre confort)  - et situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur, vous aurez une certaine tranquillité.  - Situé au coeur du 15ème arrondissement, il est tout proche de la rue du Commerce et à 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, du Champs de Mars, et du quartier Mont parnasse.  	Un charmant studio de 26 m2 pour vous !  Situé en plein coeur du 15ème arrondissement, bien équipé et permet d'accéder à pied à la Rue du Commerce, la Motte-Picquet, le Champs de Mars et la Tour Eiffel en une quinzaine de minutes seulement. Charmant studio qui a tout ce qu'il faut !   - 26 mètres carrés - Pouvant accueillir deux personnes, voire même trois (pour quelques jours mais cela nuira à votre confort)  - et situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur, vous aurez une certaine tranquillité.  - Situé au coeur du 15ème arrondissement, il est tout proche de la rue du Commerce et à 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel, du Champs de Mars, et du quartier Mont parnasse.   Accès à tout ce que l'appartement contient.  Rien n'est à partager, et aucune interdiction n'est prévue. Je ne serai pas présent car je risqued'être en voyage. Cependant, je suis toujours joignable et un membre de ma famille habite près de l'appartement donc vous pourrez le joindre si vous rencontrez un problème. Sinon , si jama
11888	Appartement très bien entretenu avec une terrasse privative dans la cour. Résidence standing, calme et sécurisé dans un quartier animé, tous près de métro et commerces. Salon avec grand canapé d'angle convertible, une chambre avec lit double, une chambre avec 2 lits simple.  Cuisine complétement équipée (machine à café Nespresso, lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, plaque, frigo) Salle de bain avec baignoire	Près des bords de Seine et de métro Charles Michel, dans un immeuble moderne, sécurisé et calme, charmant appartement de 60m2 (salon/2 chambres) avec la terrasse privative dans un jardin calme. Proche de la Tour Eiffel et tout commerce. Appartement très bien entretenu avec une terrasse privative dans la cour. Résidence standing, calme et sécurisé dans un quartier animé, tous près de métro et commerces. Salon avec grand canapé d'angle convertible, une chambre avec lit double, une chambre avec 2 lits simple.  Cuisine complétement équipée (machine à café Nespresso, lave linge, lave vaisselle, four, plaque, frigo) Salle de bain avec baignoire Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Échanges par mail ou téléphone Quartier calme et résidentiel, à 2 minutes des rues animées et commerçantes  (nouveau Centre Commercial de Beaugrenelle, rue St Charles, rue du Commerce).  Près des principaux sites touristiques de Paris (Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, École Militaire, Invalides, Quais de Seine). Métro : Lig
11889	Here is a newly renovated 32m2 studio located in the 15th arrondissement. Conveniently located at metro Pasteur, you are 5 minutes walk from the Montparnasse train station, 10 minutes by metro to the Eiffel Tower, 20 min walk to St Germain district, 25 minutes walk to Rodin's museum, on direct line to the heart of Paris and Montmartre . Bus stations for airports Roissy and Orly 15 minutes walk away. In a quiet environment, just opposite Modigliani's and Gauguin former workshop, this apartment does not give you the feeling of being in Paris by his calm and brightness. Pleasant and functional, you will find a kitchen with a fridge, a hob, a kettle, a oven, a washing machine, wireless internet, air conditionning and a 140x200 bed for 2 persons, sheets are provided. All amenities in the neighborhood: bakery, wine shop, café, grocery store, patisserie (Pierre Hermé)… and so much more! Also a market that takes place every Saturday at Avenue de Saxe (15 minutes walk) and a supermarket is acro	Here is a newly renovated 32m2 studio located in the 15th arrondissement. Conveniently located at metro Pasteur, you are 5 minutes walk from the Montparnasse train station, 10 minutes by metro to the Eiffel Tower, 20 min walk to St Germain district, 25 minutes walk to Rodin's museum, on direct line to the heart of Paris and Montmartre . Bus stations for airports Roissy and Orly 15 minutes walk away. In a quiet environment, just opposite Modigliani's and Gauguin former workshop, this apartment does not give you the feeling of being in Paris by his calm and brightness. Pleasant and functional, you will find a kitchen with a fridge, a hob, a kettle, a oven, a washing machine, wireless internet, air conditionning and a 140x200 bed for 2 persons, sheets are provided. All amenities in the neighborhood: bakery, wine shop, café, grocery store, patisserie (Pierre Hermé)… and so much more! Also a market that takes place every Saturday at Avenue de Saxe (15 minutes walk) and a supermarket is acro
11890	Haussmann building of very good quality. The Paris apartment is on the third floor with elevator. It is in a very quiet street. The access to the apartment is secured by two intercoms. Flat rental in Paris of 50 m2 consisting of a lounge, a kitchen and a bedroom. In the living area, a very nice leather sofa and an armchair provide a cozy atmosphere. A fireplace adds a note of charm. The French windows open on a small balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom is very modern with a beautiful italian shower. Finally, the room facing the courtyard has a queen size double bed (180 * 200). To conclude, this is a typical Parisian apartment available to rent that is very near the Eiffel Tower and provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Light.	The hustle and bustle of Parisian life surrounds you from this apartment rental in Paris. While being very near to the Eiffel Tower, it provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Light. Haussmann building of very good quality. The Paris apartment is on the third floor with elevator. It is in a very quiet street. The access to the apartment is secured by two intercoms. Flat rental in Paris of 50 m2 consisting of a lounge, a kitchen and a bedroom. In the living area, a very nice leather sofa and an armchair provide a cozy atmosphere. A fireplace adds a note of charm. The French windows open on a small balcony. The kitchen is fully equipped. The bathroom is very modern with a beautiful italian shower. Finally, the room facing the courtyard has a queen size double bed (180 * 200). To conclude, this is a typical Parisian apartment available to rent that is very near the Eiffel Tower and provides everything you need for a brilliant stay in the City of Light. The whole a
11891	My appartment is 30m2, I like to live with confort and simplicity. There are 1 bathroom with bathtub, an equipped kitchen, a balcony and the main room with the bed, the Pc and table with chairs.	Nice appartement with space ideal for two persons. Near commerces, restaurants and bars in a calm neighborhood. 2 minutes by foot to the subway Convention, it garanties a good acces to all the beautifull to visit in Paris !! My appartment is 30m2, I like to live with confort and simplicity. There are 1 bathroom with bathtub, an equipped kitchen, a balcony and the main room with the bed, the Pc and table with chairs. All the appartment I am always disponible, you can contact me on my phone. There are a lot of good restaurants around the place, an amazing bakery and some good bars. There is a grocery in front of the building which close at 1 am and a bigger one at 1 minute by foot which close at 8pm30. Convention métro is 2 minutes by foot allowing access to all the beautiful place in Paris. 20 minutes for the Eiffel tower and 15 minutes for the center of Paris. You can also rent a bike vélib' at a station just in front of the appartement !
11892	Appartement lumineux de 60 m², grand salon, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain avec douche.  Idéalement situé à 5mn du métro Dupleix (6) Commerce (8) et Emile Zola (10). Marchez 10 mn pour être à la Tour Eiffel !  Nombreux commerces à proximités! Grande pièce principale Cuisine équipée : micro onde, plaque, lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Nous avons un adorable chat noir. En espérant vous voir très bientôt !	Appartement lumineux de 60 m², grand salon, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain avec douche.  Idéalement situé à 5mn du métro Dupleix (ligne 6) Commerce (ligne 8) et Emile Zola (ligne 10). Marchez 10 minutes pour être à la Tour Eiffel !  Nombreux commerces à proximités! Chambre calme sur cour. 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Appartement lumineux de 60 m², grand salon, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain avec douche.  Idéalement situé à 5mn du métro Dupleix (6) Commerce (8) et Emile Zola (10). Marchez 10 mn pour être à la Tour Eiffel !  Nombreux commerces à proximités! Grande pièce principale Cuisine équipée : micro onde, plaque, lave vaisselle. Salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver. Nous avons un adorable chat noir. En espérant vous voir très bientôt ! Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement sauf notre chambre. N'hésitez pas à nous solliciter pour tout renseignement sur les visites à faire dans Paris, nous serons ravi de vous renseigner !! A deux pas de la Rue du Commerce, quartier vivant et t
11893	Beautiful apartment completely renovated. This luminous 2-rooms  is located rue Saint Charles 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the new shopping center Beaugrenelle in the 15th arrondissement of Paris  The apartment is located on the 6th floor of a 20th century building with an elevator.  It can accommodate 3 people.  It is equipped with: air conditioning, washing machine, TV, unlimited high-speed wifi and all the modern comforts.  There is a sofa bed for one adult or two children, and a bedroom with a double bed.  The bathroom is also equipped with hair dryer and linen and towels are provided  The building is accessed with a security code and intercom.  Metro: Bir-Hakeim or Dupleix (line 6) and Charles Michel (line 10)  Distances:  Eiffel Tower : 10 minutes  Louvre Museum : 20 minutes (metro)  Champs Elysées : 5 minutes (metro)  Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris : 20 minutes (metro)  Charles de Gaulle Airport : 1 hour  North Train Station : 30 minutes (bus)	Cosy apartment renovated in September 2014.  Beautifully decorated with a kitchen equipped upscale.  Air conditioning and elevator Beautiful apartment completely renovated. This luminous 2-rooms  is located rue Saint Charles 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the new shopping center Beaugrenelle in the 15th arrondissement of Paris  The apartment is located on the 6th floor of a 20th century building with an elevator.  It can accommodate 3 people.  It is equipped with: air conditioning, washing machine, TV, unlimited high-speed wifi and all the modern comforts.  There is a sofa bed for one adult or two children, and a bedroom with a double bed.  The bathroom is also equipped with hair dryer and linen and towels are provided  The building is accessed with a security code and intercom.  Metro: Bir-Hakeim or Dupleix (line 6) and Charles Michel (line 10)  Distances:  Eiffel Tower : 10 minutes  Louvre Museum : 20 minutes (metro)  Champs Elysées : 5 minutes (metro)  Cathédrale Notre Da
11894		Very typical Parisian apartment very luminous and delightfull, decorated by its owner. Perfect for holidays with all your familly or work travel ! In it, all you need : Wifi internet high level, TV, Sheets and towels.
11895	L'appartement est agréable . Il dégage une atmosphère chaleureuse . Tous les amis si sentent bien et reviennent. d' Australie , Nouvelle Zélande , US ,  Canada  où  d'Europe   Il est accessible partout dans Paris rapidement.	Nice area , 1 minute from metro station
11896	Quartier résidentiel à proximité de du Champs de Mars et de Saint Germain des Près.	Appartement de 107m² entièrement rénové dans le 7ème arrondissement avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Situé à proximité du Champs de Mars et de St Germain des Prés, il est composé d'un grand séjour, de deux chambres, 2 salles de bains et cuisine séparée. Quartier résidentiel à proximité de du Champs de Mars et de Saint Germain des Près. Tout Paris Accueil personnalisée et check out personnalisé
11897	"Studio sympa, au calme (à 15mns du parc des expositions de porte de Versailles par tramway station Balard et à 20mns en métro du centre de Paris et de tous les lieux touristiques). Idéal pour reprendre des forces après une journée bien remplie à Paris (tourisme, pro ou salon) , il est aussi très proche de toutes commodités, d'un quartier commerçant, proche de la Tour Eiffel et au bout de la rue... un coin de verdure: le parc André Citroën (une création aboutie de jardin citadin et de serres chaudes)  ....et oui du calme à Paris, tout en étant très bien situé, cela est possible!!!!  Ce studio entièrement équipé se situe à 5 mns à pied de la première station de métro (Boucicaut), relativement proche du parc des expositions de ""Porte de Versailles""  Il est situé au 3ème étage d'une petite copropriété.  Il se compose:  d'une pièce principale équipée d'un canapé lit 2 pers (linge de lit fourni), d'une table basse, d'un petit coin repas, d'un grand placard de rangement, et deux étagères.  d'"	"Studio sympa, au calme (à 15mns du parc des expositions de porte de Versailles par tramway station Balard et à 20mns en métro du centre de Paris et de tous les lieux touristiques). Idéal pour reprendre des forces après une journée bien remplie à Paris (tourisme, pro ou salon) , il est aussi très proche de toutes commodités, d'un quartier commerçant, proche de la Tour Eiffel et au bout de la rue... un coin de verdure: le parc André Citroën (une création aboutie de jardin citadin et de serres chaudes)  ....et oui du calme à Paris, tout en étant très bien situé, cela est possible!!!!  Ce studio entièrement équipé se situe à 5 mns à pied de la première station de métro (Boucicaut), relativement proche du parc des expositions de ""Porte de Versailles""  Il est situé au 3ème étage d'une petite copropriété.  Il se compose:  d'une pièce principale équipée d'un canapé lit 2 pers (linge de lit fourni), d'une table basse, d'un petit coin repas, d'un grand placard de rangement, et deux étagères.  d'"
11898	Charming small apartment of 2 rooms (30m²) in the heart of Paris (not far from the Eiffel Tower). 5th floor (with elevator), courtyard side in a very calm residence. 	Apartement of 2 rooms of 30m2 on the 5th floor with elevator in a calm residence. The bedroom and the lounge are separated. The all apartement is typically parisien, comfortable where you will enjoy have good time before visiting Paris. Charming small apartment of 2 rooms (30m²) in the heart of Paris (not far from the Eiffel Tower). 5th floor (with elevator), courtyard side in a very calm residence.  My guests have access at all the apartment. The apartment is situated near all conveniences (supermarkets, restaurants, bars, shops…) The apartment is ideally located so you will discover easily the most beautiful places of the city: Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Louvre Museum, Galeries Lafayette… It situed at 1min from the subway and bike stations (LOURMEL, Line 8).
11899	Ideal location in the heart of the XVth district, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (800 meters), the banks of the Seine (running is easy), two swimming pools, daily stores, the market which takes place twice a week and brand new Beaugrenelle shopping mall with cinema (300 meters). Very quiet apartment facing the inner garden of our very peaceful residence. You will find all the comfort you need with 1 large room with a double bed, 1 kids room with loft bed and possibility to add a matress, 2 bathrooms (1 with bathtub, 1 with shower), and a living room with a sofa bed. The kitchen is fully equipped. 3 subway lines nearby (6, 8 & 10) and several buses serving all major city landmarks (Champs Elysées, Opéra, Invalides, museums).	Beautiful and quiet apartment (80 sam) with a cosy living room facing the green inner garden of the residence. Perfect for a family with 2 kids. Family district with many fashion shops, parks and very well served by public transportation. Ideal location in the heart of the XVth district, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (800 meters), the banks of the Seine (running is easy), two swimming pools, daily stores, the market which takes place twice a week and brand new Beaugrenelle shopping mall with cinema (300 meters). Very quiet apartment facing the inner garden of our very peaceful residence. You will find all the comfort you need with 1 large room with a double bed, 1 kids room with loft bed and possibility to add a matress, 2 bathrooms (1 with bathtub, 1 with shower), and a living room with a sofa bed. The kitchen is fully equipped. 3 subway lines nearby (6, 8 & 10) and several buses serving all major city landmarks (Champs Elysées, Opéra, Invalides, museums). Wifi. Kitchen equip
11900	Equipé d'une salle d'eau avec wc, coin cuisine (frigo, plaques de cuisson, micro onde, four, machine à laver, grille pain, senseo). Ecran plasma avec accès au câble, WIFI dans tout l'appartement. Canapé convertible deux personnes avec literie Simmons 140/200.	Appartement calme, bien équipé et proche de toutes les commodités.  Equipé d'une salle d'eau avec wc, coin cuisine (frigo, plaques de cuisson, micro onde, four, machine à laver, grille pain, senseo). Ecran plasma avec accès au câble, WIFI dans tout l'appartement. Canapé convertible deux personnes avec literie Simmons 140/200. Idéalement situé dans un quartier vivant proche de toutes les commodités, commerces dans la rue, métro, centre commercial Beaugrenelle, piscine, bowling, laser game, cinéma ... Très bien situé à 2 min à pied du Métro 10, arrêt Charles Michels, à 5 min à pied du Métro 8 arrêt Commerce. L'appartement est accessible depuis la gare Montparnasse en 15 min via le métro 6 arrêt La motte Picquet puis le métro 10 arrêt Charles Michels.
11901	L'appartement de 30m2 est constitué de 2 pièces, 1 salle de bain, wc et cuisine.  Pour les couchages, la chambre comprend 1 lit double. Le 2è couchage est est un canapé-lit (clic-clac) pour 2 personnes. L'appartement est tout équipé : Tv, internet wifi, lave-linge, four, lave-vaisselle, etc... -------------------------------------- The 30m2 apartment consists of 2 rooms, 1 bathroom, toilet and kitchen. 4th floor without elevator. For sleeping, the bedroom has 1 double bed. The 2nd sleeping is a sofa bed for 2 persons. The apartment is fully equipped: TV, wireless internet, washing machine, oven, dishwasher, etc ... ------------------------------ El apartamento de 30m2 consta de 2 habitaciones, 1 baño, aseo y cocina. Cuarto piso sin ascensor. Para dormir, el dormitorio tiene 1 cama doble. El segundo está durmiendo un sofá-cama para 2 personas. El apartamento está totalmente equipado: TV, internet inalámbrico, lavadora, horno, lavavajillas, etc ...	Paris XVè - Appartement calme et lumineux, situé dans une impasse.Tout confort. Proche de toutes commodités (centre Beaugrenelle à 2 min à pied) et transports. M° ligne 6 Dupleix, ligne 10 Charles Michels. Bus n°42. 4è étage sans ascenseur. I speak english (not very good !). Hablo espanol. L'appartement de 30m2 est constitué de 2 pièces, 1 salle de bain, wc et cuisine.  Pour les couchages, la chambre comprend 1 lit double. Le 2è couchage est est un canapé-lit (clic-clac) pour 2 personnes. L'appartement est tout équipé : Tv, internet wifi, lave-linge, four, lave-vaisselle, etc... -------------------------------------- The 30m2 apartment consists of 2 rooms, 1 bathroom, toilet and kitchen. 4th floor without elevator. For sleeping, the bedroom has 1 double bed. The 2nd sleeping is a sofa bed for 2 persons. The apartment is fully equipped: TV, wireless internet, washing machine, oven, dishwasher, etc ... ------------------------------ El apartamento de 30m2 consta de 2 habitaciones, 1 baño
11902		400sq ft rue Gramme near Tour Eiffel 5th floor elevator, balcony. Calm, clean, safe & cute neighborhood with great shopping. 10+days make offer. 37m2 rue Gramme/Commerce. 5ème asc. belle pierre de taille, calme, propre. Séjour 10+j faire offre. 
11903	Design, bright, spacious, 360' breathtaking views, 2 bedrooms, 75sqm A cleaning lady comes twice a week to clean and iron	The brightness, the location, the views, the comfort, the volume, the huge balcony, the sunrises and sunsets, the supermarket right downstairs, the Champ de Mars at my doorstep... Design, bright, spacious, 360' breathtaking views, 2 bedrooms, 75sqm A cleaning lady comes twice a week to clean and iron you will have plenty of wardrobe and storing space for you, but I will save some space for my own things in scelled wardrobes. Metro lines 6, 8 and 10 at la motte piquet grenelle. Bus lines 80, 82 and 42 all arround you. Taxis everywhere. The surroundings are breathtaking, I recommend walking too. Fat tire bike tours and segway tours right downstairs.
11904	"- Location (near the Eiffel tower, the subway, 2 minutes by foot from the brand new mall ""Beaugrenelle"") - The romantic view on the river - The standing of the building (Front desk 7 days/7, 24 hours/24)"	"Ideally located (2 minutes by foot from the brand new mall, 15 minutes from the Eiffel Tower), 40m2 flat, very modern, with a unique view on the Seine (Paris river). High standing building with a 7 days/7, 24h/24 front desk - Location (near the Eiffel tower, the subway, 2 minutes by foot from the brand new mall ""Beaugrenelle"") - The romantic view on the river - The standing of the building (Front desk 7 days/7, 24 hours/24) Located in the fancy part of the 15th arrondissement, you'll find everything you need nearby (shopping, cinema, restaurants, taxi, hairdresser, taxi, etc.).  - Subway : station Bir-Hakeim (line 6) or Charles Michel (line 10) - You can easily rend a bike or a car (Stations velib' and autolib' nearby) - Cabs 2 details: 1. there's no machine to make coffee in the appartment (only tea) 2. The TV receives 4 french channels. The wifi should provide you with other channels through your ipad / computer"
11905	The flat is composed of :  One FULLY EQUIPPED AMERICAN KITCHEN (microwave, refrigerator, freezer, Dolce Gusto coffee machine, toaster etc.)  ONE ROOM with a DOUBLE BED as well as a SOFA BED for one or two adults/children in the living room.  It is equipped with TV - international TV channels included  (CNN and BBC World etc.) Unlimited high speed WIFI, DVD player, two entry code SECURITY SYSTEM, washing machine, hair dryer, iron/ironing table - linens and towels are provided.	Ideally located in a LIVELY DISTRICT on the FIRST FLOOR of a small & traditional building in the heart of Paris, only 800m away from the EIFFEL TOWER. This chic and cosy 40m2 fully RENOVATED apartment is in a QUIET AERA due to its location inside a private courtyard. The flat is composed of :  One FULLY EQUIPPED AMERICAN KITCHEN (microwave, refrigerator, freezer, Dolce Gusto coffee machine, toaster etc.)  ONE ROOM with a DOUBLE BED as well as a SOFA BED for one or two adults/children in the living room.  It is equipped with TV - international TV channels included  (CNN and BBC World etc.) Unlimited high speed WIFI, DVD player, two entry code SECURITY SYSTEM, washing machine, hair dryer, iron/ironing table - linens and towels are provided. The whole apartment. The famous RUE DU COMMERCE is a couple minutes walk away from all the shops, bars, restaurants and RUE DE LOURMEL a short walk away, ideal for cheese, dairy, wineries, butchers, greengrocers, fishmongers; bread and pastry shops an
11906		Studio de 30m2 proche de la porte de Versailles, logement idéal pour assister aux évènements au parc des expositions. Peut loger deux personnes, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire. Quartier calme et agréable avec transports à proximité. 
11907	L'appartement est tout équipé. Accès au wifi et TV Il y a une machine à laver	L'appartement a 2 pièces et une surface de 30 m2. Il est situé à proximité des commerces et restaurants. Il est proche de la gare Montparnasse. L'appartement est tout équipé et la chambre donne sur une petite cour tranquille. L'appartement est tout équipé. Accès au wifi et TV Il y a une machine à laver En tant que locataires vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. Le 15eme arrondissement est un quartier calme avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Les lieux touristiques, comme les Champs Elysées et la Tour Eiffel, sont juste à proximité de l'arrondissement. Proche des transports publics (métro ligne 8 et 12), et lignes de Bus accessibles très rapidement. La gare Montparnasse est à 15 minutes en métro et en bus
11908	Bonjour, nous louons ce charmant appartement dans le 15ème arrondissement, dans un quartier dynamique et chaleureux. Il est idéal pour un couple souhaitant découvrir notre belle capitale.	This 32m² apartement is the perfect hideaway for a romantic trip in Paris. 15 min from the Eiffel Tower, 2 min from the subway station Commerce: it's also the perfect place to go shopping and live the Parisian life. Lovers, we are waiting for you! Bonjour, nous louons ce charmant appartement dans le 15ème arrondissement, dans un quartier dynamique et chaleureux. Il est idéal pour un couple souhaitant découvrir notre belle capitale. Vous disposez de l'appartement dans son ensemble : cuisine équipée, machine à laver, salle de bains avec toilettes séparées etc. Nous restons disponibles par mail ou par téléphone pour vous renseigner sur l'appartement ou vous conseiller pendant votre séjour. Le quartier est particulièrement agréable. Vous êtes très vite aux principales attractions parisiennes et aux lieux de sortie. C'est un petit village au cœur de Paris, à la fois calme et dynamique avec marchés, shopping, restaurants, etc. Métro : Commerce Ligne 8 Bus : 70 / 88 / 42
11909	Fully equiped (washing machine, air conditioning, balconey), one bedroom appartment (one separate bedroom for the parents, and one separate living room where 2 children can comfortably sleep in a sofa transforming into 2 separate beds). Great location in a 4 star hotel !!! Free parking available upon request !	Great location! In a 4star hotel ! Luxuous one  bedroom appartment for 4. At a walking distance from subway, tram, bus, shops, restaurant, movies, & exhibition center. Enjoy Paris with All in less than 5 minutes walking distance !!! Fully equiped (washing machine, air conditioning, balconey), one bedroom appartment (one separate bedroom for the parents, and one separate living room where 2 children can comfortably sleep in a sofa transforming into 2 separate beds). Great location in a 4 star hotel !!! Free parking available upon request ! Continental Breakfast is served every morning at the restaurant (11Eur/pers) Free parking available for your car upon request ! Pls do not hesitate to ask me Pls do not hesitate to contact me either by email or phone. Do not hesitate to leave me a message. I will always call you back !
11910	It is a fully equipped studio ideal for 3 people. One ergonomic bed and one pull-out sofa will make your stay comfortable. Besides, the kitchen is equipped with microwave, fridge, and all you need to cook and eat at home. Bathroom is very clean and renovated with washing (website hidden) and wifi fiber internet (speed up to 100MB) is available.	It is a fully equipped studio ideal for 3 people. One ergonomic bed and one pull-out sofa will make your stay comfortable. Besides, the kitchen is equipped with microwave, fridge, and all you need to cook and eat at home. Bathroom is very clean It is a fully equipped studio ideal for 3 people. One ergonomic bed and one pull-out sofa will make your stay comfortable. Besides, the kitchen is equipped with microwave, fridge, and all you need to cook and eat at home. Bathroom is very clean and renovated with washing (website hidden) and wifi fiber internet (speed up to 100MB) is available. - All you need kitchen; - Tv; - Wifi high speed internet; - Washing machine; - Bed and pull-out sofa. As much as needed. it is in 15th district of the Paris which is one of the prestigious and safe. It is 5 minutes walk to metro and 20 minutes walk to Eiffel tower. Metro, bus and rent bikes are available. No pets is allowed.
11911	Bedroom with double bed and a dressing. Living room with a confortable sofa-bed. Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine, blender ...) with a dining table. Bathroom with bathtub	"Cozy apartment in a 1800's building. Village atmosphere, public gardens, good restaurants, cinemas, shopping, safe and pleasant place! 5 minutes walking from the tube: direct lines to Champs-Elysées, Concorde/Louvre, Notre-Dame, Montmartre... Bedroom with double bed and a dressing. Living room with a confortable sofa-bed. Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, espresso machine, blender ...) with a dining table. Bathroom with bathtub I'll be there to welcome you, show you the flat and give you all the advices and ""tricks"" to make your stay in Paris as pleasant as possible a ""real"" safe and friendly neighborhood where life is good: public gardens, full of good restaurants... 5 minutes from the Beaugrenelle shopping mall and the Seine. 5 minutes walking from the tube: line 8 (Champs Elysées, Concorde/Louvre, Bastille), 10 (Notre-Dame/Odéon) and 12 (Musée d'Orsay, Montparnasse, Montmartre). 10 minutes walking from the train (RER C) direct to Versailles"
11912	This appartement is very quiet , there is a balcony with a garden view . An american kitchen , a real bed , and a sofa . It s pissible to have one more peron on a confortable matress ( option for child) .The location is perfect to visit Paris, it s in the heart of the city. Many restaurants , bars , shops , cinema are around . A taxi stop and the bus and metro station are at 2 minutes of walk. Appartement de 30 m2, tres agreable à vivre , calme , donnant sur jardin . Aucun vis-à-vis . La décoration y est soignée . La literie est de grande qualité, et le calme de l'appartement permet un repos absolu , un couchage supplémentaire est disponible pour un enfant ( matelas confortable) . La salle de bain est spacieuse, avec baignoire . Le balcon permet de dejeuner en exterieur lorsque la saison s'y prête . Situe au coeur de Paris la localisation est idéale pour visiter la ville , les musées , profiter des cafés et restaurants, faire les boutiques ou encore pour les sorties nocturnes . Une sta	This appartement is very quiet , there is a balcony with a garden view . An american kitchen , a real bed , and a sofa . It s pissible to have one more peron on a confortable matress ( option for child) .The location is perfect to visit Paris, it s in the heart of the city. Many restaurants , bars , shops , cinema are around . A taxi stop and the bus and metro station are at 2 minutes of walk. Appartement de 30 m2, tres agreable à vivre , calme , donnant sur jardin . Aucun vis-à-vis . La décoration y est soignée . La literie est de grande qualité, et le calme de l'appartement permet un repos absolu , un couchage supplémentaire est disponible pour un enfant ( matelas confortable) . La salle de bain est spacieuse, avec baignoire . Le balcon permet de dejeuner en exterieur lorsque la saison s'y prête . Situe au coeur de Paris la localisation est idéale pour visiter la ville , les musées , profiter des cafés et restaurants, faire les boutiques ou encore pour les sorties nocturnes . Une sta
11913	Cosy studio with mezzanine, Nice location ! 3 mins walking distance from metro, adjacent to rer B to reach CDG / ORLY airport, or to the eiffel tower in 15 mins.	Hello fellow travellers, I am renting my small studio for summer as i will be leaving for holiday. It is located in a nice, calm location, 3 mins walking distance from train station. 15 mins from eiffel tower. it is suitable for budget traveler Cosy studio with mezzanine, Nice location ! 3 mins walking distance from metro, adjacent to rer B to reach CDG / ORLY airport, or to the eiffel tower in 15 mins. I'll welcome you by the train station, set you to the apartment, give you the keys and voila you've got your space ;)   i am going to be available by phone or mail during your stay, so no worries ! 1. location (its calm, and not touristic) 2. price (it's better than leaving it empty while i leave..and i gotta meet new people ;) there's a metro line 6 that is adjacent to eiffel tower (very close) , and the RER B which will transport you to CDG airport or ORLY airport by Bus. There are several bus nearby too, tell me where you wanna be headed, and  i'll be your personal guide ;) Basic was
11914	A modern cosy Studio in a building located in Vaugirard‏ district.  The Flat consists of:  - A cosy living room. It consists of a modern sofa bed suitable for two persons, with a romantic dining table for two.  - A fully equipped kitchen. You can find mirco-wave, oven, washing machine, Glasses, Plates, Kettle, Coffee Maker, Cooking Utensils, grill and a toaster.    - 1 bathroom with a, shower, Toilet, towels, hair dryer, shampoo and soap. The flat is so tidy, warm and clean.  Living room: Internet connexion by WiFi/cable.   Dinner table with 2 chairs  Sofa bed Small table Bathroom  Shower Towels  Hair dryer  Toilet Soap and shampoo Kitchen  Oven  Microwave  Washing machine  Kettle  Toaster  Coffee machine  Glasses and plates Cooking utensils Building centralized  Electric heating in bathrooms	A modern cosy Studio in a building located in Vaugirard‏ district. The Flat consists of a living room, Bathroom and kitchen. A modern cosy Studio in a building located in Vaugirard‏ district.  The Flat consists of:  - A cosy living room. It consists of a modern sofa bed suitable for two persons, with a romantic dining table for two.  - A fully equipped kitchen. You can find mirco-wave, oven, washing machine, Glasses, Plates, Kettle, Coffee Maker, Cooking Utensils, grill and a toaster.    - 1 bathroom with a, shower, Toilet, towels, hair dryer, shampoo and soap. The flat is so tidy, warm and clean.  Living room: Internet connexion by WiFi/cable.   Dinner table with 2 chairs  Sofa bed Small table Bathroom  Shower Towels  Hair dryer  Toilet Soap and shampoo Kitchen  Oven  Microwave  Washing machine  Kettle  Toaster  Coffee machine  Glasses and plates Cooking utensils Building centralized  Electric heating in bathrooms Guest will have access to the whole flat
11915	This is a beautiful, luminous and cosy apartment in a lively and safe district. It is has a long corridor, a private bathroom, and a separate kitchen and bedroom with everything you need.	This is a beautiful, luminous and cosy apartment in a lively and safe district. It is has a long corridor, a private bathroom, and a separate kitchen and bedroom with everything you need. Preferably by email. One of my favorite neighborhoods in Paris. Safe, lively, lined with interesting shops (cheese, wine, gift, clothes). The metro is 2 minutes away by foot!
11916	"Propriétaire d'un appartement 2 pièces dans le groupe ""Adagio Aparthotel"" dans le XV arrondissement de Paris, je le loue du  20 février au 13 mars 2015. L'appartement d'environ 35 m² est situé coté jardin, comprend un séjour avec deux banquettes-lits, TV et Wifi, une cuisine équipée, une chambre double et une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC. Pour un meilleur apperçu du logement,  je vous invite à visiter le site ""Adagio Aparthotel Paris VX"". Le mobilier et les couleurs sont les mêmes que sur les photos présentées, seule la disposition des éléments peut être légèrement différente. La location se fait par semaine du vendredi au vendredi, avec possibilités de louer pour une, deux ou trois semaine(s). Arrivée après 15h et départ avant 11h avec possibilité de mettre les bagages en consignes pour vous en libérer le jour de votre arrivée et de départ. L'appartement est situé à 650m (8 min à pieds) de la station de métro ""Porte de Versailles"" sur les lignes 8 et 12 du métro et ligne 3 du Tr"	"Propriétaire d'un appartement 2 pièces dans le groupe ""Adagio Aparthotel"" dans le XV arrondissement de Paris, je le loue du  20 février au 13 mars 2015. L'appartement d'environ 35 m² est situé coté jardin, comprend un séjour avec deux banquettes-lits, TV et Wifi, une cuisine équipée, une chambre double et une salle de bain avec baignoire et WC. Pour un meilleur apperçu du logement,  je vous invite à visiter le site ""Adagio Aparthotel Paris VX"". Le mobilier et les couleurs sont les mêmes que sur les photos présentées, seule la disposition des éléments peut être légèrement différente. La location se fait par semaine du vendredi au vendredi, avec possibilités de louer pour une, deux ou trois semaine(s). Arrivée après 15h et départ avant 11h avec possibilité de mettre les bagages en consignes pour vous en libérer le jour de votre arrivée et de départ. L'appartement est situé à 650m (8 min à pieds) de la station de métro ""Porte de Versailles"" sur les lignes 8 et 12 du métro et ligne 3 du Tr"
11917	Hello! My home is a large bright studio about 25m2. It consists of: - Bathroom with tub - A kitchen (stove, microwave, oven and washing machine) - A party room with a large table and 4 seats - A sitting area with a sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a coffee table - A loft bed for two people - A large balcony with garden table, two chairs, an outdoor ottoman and an electric barbecue. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, the building is clean and new, it has an elevator. The neighborhood is quiet, close to many shops (supermarket, restaurant, brewery, bakery, pastry, cheese, butcher, bar ...) The apartment is located near the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, it is served by line 8 (Lourmel) and line 12 (Porte de Versailles Convention) Metro and the Tram2 (Desnouettes) Bed linen and towels are provided. This is a really nice housing because of its location as its interior, which deserves to be discovered! 	Hello! My home is a large bright studio about 25m2. It consists of: - Bathroom with tub - A kitchen (stove, microwave, oven and washing machine) - A party room with a large table and 4 seats - A sitting area with a sofa (sofa bed for 2 people) and a coffee table - A loft bed for two people - A large balcony with garden table, two chairs, an outdoor ottoman and an electric barbecue. The apartment is located on the 6th floor, the building is clean and new, it has an elevator. The neighborhood is quiet, close to many shops (supermarket, restaurant, brewery, bakery, pastry, cheese, butcher, bar ...) The apartment is located near the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, it is served by line 8 (Lourmel) and line 12 (Porte de Versailles Convention) Metro and the Tram2 (Desnouettes) Bed linen and towels are provided. This is a really nice housing because of its location as its interior, which deserves to be discovered! 
11918	It's a typical Parisian flat in a very safe district, next to all conveniences (supermarkets, metro station,Eiffel Tower	Very Parisian flat located next to the Eiffel Tower. Closed to Rue du Commerce with many stores and supermarkets, this flat is ideal for couples or single people It's a typical Parisian flat in a very safe district, next to all conveniences (supermarkets, metro station,Eiffel Tower TV with numerous programs in every language (Sports channels), Wash machine, dry machine, micro waves, ... I will be here to explain everything the guest needs in order to have the most pleasant stay in Paris. They will have my self phone number and they could contact me any time The nice district, all kind of shop are closed to the appartment, Eiffel Tower, numerous beautiful Parisian coffees and nice restaurants
11919		Appartement cosy près de la Tour Eiffel  Une grande chambre lit 160 Salle de bain et toilettes séparés  Grande cuisine toute équipée . Près de plusieurs lignes de métro dans un quartier très agréable .
11920	Appartement (80 m carrė) lumineux, en RDC. Grand salon avec canapé convertible 1 personne, (TV,  sono, internet, téléphone). Une chambre en duplex avec un lit de 140 cm. Une pièce avec mezzanine fenêtre cour jardin et une chambre en sous sol avec un canapé convertible. Grande cuisine ėquipėe entre les 2 pièces. Salle d'eau. Salle de douche avec WC  	Comédien propose son appart Parisien (80 m2) pour cause déplacement ,  très  agréable et calme, métro Convention proche Porte de Versailles. Tout l'appart a partir de début septembre 4 couchages. RDC Appartement (80 m carrė) lumineux, en RDC. Grand salon avec canapé convertible 1 personne, (TV,  sono, internet, téléphone). Une chambre en duplex avec un lit de 140 cm. Une pièce avec mezzanine fenêtre cour jardin et une chambre en sous sol avec un canapé convertible. Grande cuisine ėquipėe entre les 2 pièces. Salle d'eau. Salle de douche avec WC Tv, internet, téléphone illimitée pour les fixes et portables français + fixe Europe et fixe Etats-Unis. Je serai présent à votre arrivée pour vous accueillir et vous donner toutes les explications qui vous seront utiles. Quartier animé avec nombreux bars et restaurants, divers commerces d'alimentation (artisans et Monoprix) , à 500 m à pied de la Porte de Versailles (salon des expositions). Station de métro Convention à 200 mètres (accès direct 
11921		3eme etage sans ascenseur  Proche commerces, parc, bus, tramway et métro. A 10 min Montparnasse. Totalement équipé frigidaire, lave linge, micro ondes, four, vaisselle. Douché séparé des WC et WC supplémentaire sur le palier  Quartier très agréable Tout sauf mes affaires personnelles et le linge de maison ( DRAPS ET SERVIETTES NON FOURNIS) Je serai absente  Des amis se chargeront de vous donner rendez vous pour l'échange des clefs Le parc Georges Brassens La bourse aux livres anciens Bus 95 Métro 13 Tramway 3a Le tout à moins de 500m 3 ème étage sans ascenseur  Calme
11922	Grand appartement dans le salon il y as une banquette de couchage pour 1 personne	Grand appartement très cosy Grand appartement dans le salon il y as une banquette de couchage pour 1 personne Les voyageurs auront l'acces a la cuisine équipee Je peux etre présente pour vous orienter Mon quartier est tres facile d'acces métro porte de vanves à 5mn du tram et 5mn tram porte de versailles, il y as des commerces a proximité des restaurants. 10mn de montparnasse Les clefs seront remises des votre arrivée
11923	"Efficace&Fonctionnel Concis&Pratique Mignon&Chaleureux Chek in : A 8h30, les clés, vous seront confiées Check out :  A 20h00, vous me les restiturez et pourquoi pas, la bise, nous échangerons et ""à bientôt"",  j'espère que vous me direz Par Mail, les premiers contacts se feront Par SMS, nous pourrons aussi échanger De vive voix, si vous préférez... Entre la Place Cambronne et la Rue de Vaugirard, la Rue de la Croix-Nivert est située. Calme et authentique, ce Quartier est ! de part la Rue du Commerce, piétonne quelques jours dans le mois, ses primeurs et ses marchés colorés ...  Mais dynamique et animé, il peut être ! Plusieurs bars, discothèques et brocantes à ses côtés. Sans oublier, le Hall d'Exposition, à 10/15 minutes à pied :) A la Station Félix Faure ou celle de Boucicaut, vous descendrez. A 3 minutes à pieds, vous serez, du Métropolitain 8, la Ligne violette. Quelques bus aux alentours (62, ), à votre disposition, vous aurez"	"Efficace&Fonctionnel Concis&Pratique Mignon&Chaleureux Chek in : A 8h30, les clés, vous seront confiées Check out :  A 20h00, vous me les restiturez et pourquoi pas, la bise, nous échangerons et ""à bientôt"",  j'espère que vous me direz Par Mail, les premiers contacts se feront Par SMS, nous pourrons aussi échanger De vive voix, si vous préférez... Entre la Place Cambronne et la Rue de Vaugirard, la Rue de la Croix-Nivert est située. Calme et authentique, ce Quartier est ! de part la Rue du Commerce, piétonne quelques jours dans le mois, ses primeurs et ses marchés colorés ...  Mais dynamique et animé, il peut être ! Plusieurs bars, discothèques et brocantes à ses côtés. Sans oublier, le Hall d'Exposition, à 10/15 minutes à pied :) A la Station Félix Faure ou celle de Boucicaut, vous descendrez. A 3 minutes à pieds, vous serez, du Métropolitain 8, la Ligne violette. Quelques bus aux alentours (62, ), à votre disposition, vous aurez"
11924	Ce Studio, proche de la Tour Eiffel, est idéalement situé pour visité l'une des plus belle ville du monde. Equipé d'un canapé lit rapido, il peut accueillir une à deux personnes.  Tout l'équipement d'une cuisine moderne est mit à votre disposition pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable que possible.  A proximité vous pourrez trouver la station de métro Dupleix ou encore Charles Michel. Cependant il vous est aussi possible de prendre un velib pour vous balader dans les rues de Paris Rue de lourmel, une rue historique de part sa proximité avec la Tour Eiffel, de nombreux services çà proximité (Boulangerie, Pharmacie, Coiffeur, Magasins…). Si vous souhaitez sortir il existe de nombreux bars et boites de nuit dans Paris, notamment vers la station de métro Cambronne. Métro, Velib, Taxis ou  tout simplement à (website hidden)3, Imprimante 	Ce Studio, proche de la Tour Eiffel, est idéalement situé pour visité l'une des plus belle ville du monde. Equipé d'un canapé lit rapido, il peut accueillir une à deux personnes.  Tout l'équipement d'une cuisine moderne est mit à votre disposition pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable que possible.  A proximité vous pourrez trouver la station de métro Dupleix ou encore Charles Michel. Cependant il vous est aussi possible de prendre un velib pour vous balader dans les rues de Paris Rue de lourmel, une rue historique de part sa proximité avec la Tour Eiffel, de nombreux services çà proximité (Boulangerie, Pharmacie, Coiffeur, Magasins…). Si vous souhaitez sortir il existe de nombreux bars et boites de nuit dans Paris, notamment vers la station de métro Cambronne. Métro, Velib, Taxis ou  tout simplement à (website hidden)3, Imprimante Rue de lourmel, une rue historique de part sa proximité avec la Tour Eiffel, de nombreux services çà proximité (Boulangerie, Pharmacie, Coiffeur, Magasi
11925	Outstanding apartment in a Haussman-style building, typical of Paris architecture. Very bright, with a 4m clearance, white walls with molding, wooden floor, fire places and balconies in every room.  Our 130m2 flat can accommodate a family of up to 6 people in 3 large rooms. 	High standing wide apartment 2 minutes away from Eiffel Tower and Trocadero in elegant left bank of Paris. 3 large rooms and a bright living room in a typical Haussman-style building. All-equipped and tastefully furnished. Outstanding apartment in a Haussman-style building, typical of Paris architecture. Very bright, with a 4m clearance, white walls with molding, wooden floor, fire places and balconies in every room.  Our 130m2 flat can accommodate a family of up to 6 people in 3 large rooms. You may enjoy all the comfort provided in this apartment: 3 large rooms and a bright living-room, fully furnished kitchen and a bath in perfect condition. We will kindly welcome you at your arrival in Paris. Don't hesitate to ask us for any tips, we are always happy to share the best places of our city ! Renowned district of Paris, 2 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides and the Champs de Mars. Many shops and Parisian-style brasseries and cafés nearby. The neighborhood is highly secure
11926	This 1 bedroom apartment of 538 square feet (approx: 50 sqm) is located on Boulevard de Grenelle, 15th arrondissement of Paris, Bir-Hackeim district 2 steps from the Eiffel tower. It is composed of a large living/dining room with two small balconies, an opened kitchen (fully equipped), a bedroom (courtyard view) and a bathroom with toilets. The apartment situated on the 2nd floor (there is a few steps to get the lift) of a typical Parisian building is very shinny throughout the day due the the large windows. The equipments are of very good quality and also the contemporary furniture. The closest metro station is Dupleix.	This beautiful 1 bedroom apartment is located on Boulevard de Grenelle, in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, Bir-Hackeim district, 2 steps from the Eiffel tower. This 1 bedroom apartment of 538 square feet (approx: 50 sqm) is located on Boulevard de Grenelle, 15th arrondissement of Paris, Bir-Hackeim district 2 steps from the Eiffel tower. It is composed of a large living/dining room with two small balconies, an opened kitchen (fully equipped), a bedroom (courtyard view) and a bathroom with toilets. The apartment situated on the 2nd floor (there is a few steps to get the lift) of a typical Parisian building is very shinny throughout the day due the the large windows. The equipments are of very good quality and also the contemporary furniture. The closest metro station is Dupleix. I am at your service throughout your stay. This district is very lively, la Motte Picquet and the Rue du Commerce, supermarket, bar coffee, restaurants, trendy shops.... On the other side, you will find the Ch
11927	The flat is very calm, clean and has plenty of light. The Bedroom : A queen size bed Walk-in Closet Bedsheets are provided The kitchen: - Electric stove  - Oven - Microwave - Fridge and freezer - kettle - espresso machine  Tea and coffee will be provided for breakfast.   Bathroom 1:  - bath tub  - shower - sink - hair dryer - Towels are provided Bathroom 2:  - shower - sink - Washing machine There is a strong wifi and cable tv	This spacious loft (90m2) is located on the top floor (with elevator).  The dining room/living room is a very luminous and large space with wooden floors, skylight windows and exposed beams.  Bedroom with queen bed and 2.5 bathroom The flat is very calm, clean and has plenty of light. The Bedroom : A queen size bed Walk-in Closet Bedsheets are provided The kitchen: - Electric stove  - Oven - Microwave - Fridge and freezer - kettle - espresso machine  Tea and coffee will be provided for breakfast.   Bathroom 1:  - bath tub  - shower - sink - hair dryer - Towels are provided Bathroom 2:  - shower - sink - Washing machine There is a strong wifi and cable tv The apartment is located near Convention, close to Montparnasse and the Exhibition and Fair Center of Porte de Versailles. There are plenty of shops, restaurants and bars in the area.  The market at Convention is amazing and happens every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday (biggest market) from 9am to 1pm. I recommend a few places nearby: - 
11928	This cozy and sunny apartment is a lovely place for your stay in Paris.  It is quiet, safe and well located from all facilities and touristic areas.  On the 5nd floor of a small building, this 32 sqm flat is situated just in front of the charming Georges Brassens Park in a lovely neighborhood with all facilities you need just down the building (bars, restaurants, excellent bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, laundries and supermarket), only 10 min bus from Montparnasse, 25 min metro from Les Champs-Élysées and from the Luxembourg gardens.  This apartment is fully equipped and each space is separated (toilets, kitchen, bathroom and main room). It has bedroom with a double sofa-bed, kitchen with oven, fridge, water heater, kettle, etc.), bathroom with a bath (hairdryer available), sheets and towels are provided,TV and Wi-Fi. To organize transport is very easy cause of having Brancion tramway station (T3) in 7 min walk and 10 min walk to metro station Convention (line 12). Down the street t	This cozy and sunny apartment is a lovely place for your stay in Paris.  It is quiet, safe and well located from all facilities and touristic areas.  On the 5nd floor of a small building, this 32 sqm flat is situated just in front of the charming Georges Brassens Park in a lovely neighborhood with all facilities you need just down the building (bars, restaurants, excellent bakeries, wine shop, cheese shop, laundries and supermarket), only 10 min bus from Montparnasse, 25 min metro from Les Champs-Élysées and from the Luxembourg gardens.  This apartment is fully equipped and each space is separated (toilets, kitchen, bathroom and main room). It has bedroom with a double sofa-bed, kitchen with oven, fridge, water heater, kettle, etc.), bathroom with a bath (hairdryer available), sheets and towels are provided,TV and Wi-Fi. To organize transport is very easy cause of having Brancion tramway station (T3) in 7 min walk and 10 min walk to metro station Convention (line 12). Down the street t
11929	The apartment is on the tenth floor of a modern building located in the Montparnasse tower place close to the subway station Montparnass (1 minutes walk).  The neighborhood is full of restaurants (also a supermarket just downstairs: Monoprix). As the apartment is located in the tenth floor, you will be able to rest quietly (no street noise). The location of the apartment is simply amazing. It has the most beautiful view of Paris along with its famous monuments: Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Invalides Museum, Montparnasse Tower, …   The apartment has a 40m2 surface area with:  * One bedroom with a king size bed (for 2 people) * A lounge with a large sofa bed (that can accommodate 2 people) * A bathroom * A lovely bar with an amazing view (look at the picture…) * A well furnished kitchen The decoration of the apartment is very nice and trendy.   The apartment is fully equipped: Internet – Wi Fi, 1 TV wide screen, washing machine, refrigerator, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, towels,	A wonderful flat in the heart of Paris in the 15th district. A perfect location to visit all the great monuments and places of Paris (as Eiffel Tower or Montparnasse Tower in front of the apartment) The apartment is on the tenth floor of a modern building located in the Montparnasse tower place close to the subway station Montparnass (1 minutes walk).  The neighborhood is full of restaurants (also a supermarket just downstairs: Monoprix). As the apartment is located in the tenth floor, you will be able to rest quietly (no street noise). The location of the apartment is simply amazing. It has the most beautiful view of Paris along with its famous monuments: Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Invalides Museum, Montparnasse Tower, …   The apartment has a 40m2 surface area with:  * One bedroom with a king size bed (for 2 people) * A lounge with a large sofa bed (that can accommodate 2 people) * A bathroom * A lovely bar with an amazing view (look at the picture…) * A well furnished kitchen The
11930	Bienvenue à Paris,  Le studio saint charles 19 m²  est idéalement situé dans le 15 ème arrondissement à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel, à quelques mètres de la station de métro charles michels , en plein coeur de Paris. Le studio SAINT CHARLES est équipé d'une kitchenette (plaque électrique, réfrigérateur, machine à café et bouilloire), d'une salle de bain privative et d'un espace chambre/salon. Le studio est l'endroit idéal pour un séjour seul ou en couple en plein cœur de Paris. Proche de la porte de Versailles hôpital Necker georges Pompidou   	Bienvenue à Paris,  Le studio saint charles 19 m²  est idéalement situé dans le 15 ème arrondissement à 10 minutes à pied de la tour Eiffel, à quelques mètres de la station de métro charles michels , en plein coeur de Paris. Le studio SAINT CHARLES est équipé d'une kitchenette (plaque électrique, réfrigérateur, machine à café et bouilloire), d'une salle de bain privative et d'un espace chambre/salon. Le studio est l'endroit idéal pour un séjour seul ou en couple en plein cœur de Paris. Proche de la porte de Versailles hôpital Necker georges Pompidou   le marche, le beau grenelle   bus 42 metro charles michels ligne 10
11931		Magnifique Appartement de 6 couchages, tout équipé, alliant le confort moderne au charme typiquement parisien du très vivant et central 15 ème. Proche des sites historiques : Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Trocadéro à 10 minutes. Métro à 1 minute.
11932	Très bonne localisation et fonctionel	Metro Charles Michel (10) ou Felix Faure (8), T2 de 33m², proche tous commerces, 1er étage sans ascenceur. Cuisine ouverte sur salon, séparée par un bar. 1 grande chambre avec lit 2 places + cliclac 2 places. Donne sur rue calme et court interieur Très bonne localisation et fonctionel Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement A votre disposition pour donner les conseils nécessaires et rendre votre séjour parisien le plus agréable possible ! Nombreux commerces de proximité aux alentours. Parc Javel André Citroen à 10 min à pied 20 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel / Champs de mars 5 min à pied du centre commercial Beaugrenelle et de la Statut de la Liberté Metro: - Arret Charles Michel - ligne 10 (5 min à pied) - Arret Felix Faure - ligne 8 (8 min à pied) - Arret Dupleix - ligne 6 (10 min à pied) - Arret Javel - RER C (15 min à pied) Entrée sécurisée avec double digicode
11933	L'immeuble se trouve dans le nord du 15ème, à proximité du métro Dupleix L'appartement fait 32 m2 et se trouve au 7ème étage avec ascenseur avec une belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Il est très calme car situé sur cour. le matin, vous serez réveillés par le chant des oiseaux. L'appartement est composé : - d'une entrée - d'un séjour avec 2 canapés convertibles, un fauteuil, une console transformable en table pour (website hidden) est équipé avec la TV,  Hi-Fi et lecteur DVD - une salle de bain / WC avec lave linge - une cuisine complètement équipée (four, plaque, lave vaisselle, frigidaire, cave à vin, machine Nespresso, grille pain) - une grande penderie et des placards pour ranger les affaires L'appartement a été entièrement rénové il y a 5 ans. Dans le quartier, vous trouverez tous les commerces (boulangerie, boucher, supermarché, fruits et légumes, traiteur...) Les métros à proximités sont ligne 6 - Dupleix et ligne 10 - Charles Michel. le Bus 42 (qui dessert Opéra) passe à proximité e	L'immeuble se trouve dans le nord du 15ème, à proximité du métro Dupleix L'appartement fait 32 m2 et se trouve au 7ème étage avec ascenseur avec une belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Il est très calme car situé sur cour. le matin, vous serez réveillés par le chant des oiseaux. L'appartement est composé : - d'une entrée - d'un séjour avec 2 canapés convertibles, un fauteuil, une console transformable en table pour (website hidden) est équipé avec la TV,  Hi-Fi et lecteur DVD - une salle de bain / WC avec lave linge - une cuisine complètement équipée (four, plaque, lave vaisselle, frigidaire, cave à vin, machine Nespresso, grille pain) - une grande penderie et des placards pour ranger les affaires L'appartement a été entièrement rénové il y a 5 ans. Dans le quartier, vous trouverez tous les commerces (boulangerie, boucher, supermarché, fruits et légumes, traiteur...) Les métros à proximités sont ligne 6 - Dupleix et ligne 10 - Charles Michel. le Bus 42 (qui dessert Opéra) passe à proximité e
11934	A disposition :  . Ustensiles de cuisine . Serviettes et draps . Articles de toilette (savon, shampoing, sèche cheveux, ...)	Joli appartement 40m2 calme et lumineux, quartier Convention Déco style suite d'hôtel pour un cadre cosy (ouverture murale entre la chambre et le salon) Immeuble intérieur avec vue sur jardin arboré Pour un agréable un séjour à Paris ! ;-) A disposition :  . Ustensiles de cuisine . Serviettes et draps . Articles de toilette (savon, shampoing, sèche cheveux, ...) English speaking! Welcome! ;-) Quartier agréable, tous magasins, supermarchés, marché matinal 2x/semaine, manège pour enfants, restaurants & cafés... A proximité du Parc des Expositions Porte de Versailles, Aquaboulevard & Gare Montparnasse (à 6' en métro) Nombreux transports :  . A 1' du métro Convention (Ligne 12), du bus 62 & d'une station de taxi . A proximité des métros Boucicaut (Ligne 8), Plaisance (Ligne 13), du Tram T3 & d'agences de location de voitures
11935	Bel appartement ,  dans le 15eme. Comprenant un très grand balcon.Ou donner de la tête entre Montparnasse et La Tour Eiffel? De plus il se situe a 2 min du metro ou 3 lignes sont desservies .A proximité de bars , restau & commerces Le canapé lit du salon est très grand et peut accueillir jusqu'a deux personnes. La cuisine américaine est très équipée et pratique. Très animé et il est a 3 min de la fameuse rue du commerce .	Bel appartement ,  dans le 15eme. Comprenant un très grand balcon.Ou donner de la tête entre Montparnasse et La Tour Eiffel? De plus il se situe a 2 min du metro ou 3 lignes sont desservies .A proximité de bars , restau & commerces Bel appartement ,  dans le 15eme. Comprenant un très grand balcon.Ou donner de la tête entre Montparnasse et La Tour Eiffel? De plus il se situe a 2 min du metro ou 3 lignes sont desservies .A proximité de bars , restau & commerces Le canapé lit du salon est très grand et peut accueillir jusqu'a deux personnes. La cuisine américaine est très équipée et pratique. Très animé et il est a 3 min de la fameuse rue du commerce . Très animé et il est a 3 min de la fameuse rue du commerce .
11936	Charming apartment in the heart of Paris in front of Montparnasse Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 55m2 and can welcome 6 people. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a shower,separate toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, 2 large confortable convertibles beds ( 2 persons and 2 persons). There is  one separate room with a confortable double bed (2 persons), table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 2 floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris.	Modern apartment of 55m2 in the heart of Paris. Possibility of 5 persons. Charming apartment in the heart of Paris in front of Montparnasse Tower. Kind-of-artist style, very luminous, the flat is 55m2 and can welcome 6 people. It is fully furnished with a bathroom (with a shower,separate toilets), a seperate  kitchen full equiped (with glass-ceramic cooktops, microwave oven, boiler, kitchen equipments, washing machine, coffee ..)  The living space is furnished with TV, 2 large confortable convertibles beds ( 2 persons and 2 persons). There is  one separate room with a confortable double bed (2 persons), table,  There is a high speed internet connection (WIFI) available. The flat is in a typical french building at 2 floor with elevator. Before a guest arrive, the flat is fully cleaned up and I provide clean bed sheets and clean towels.  Both this flat and the area will provide you with a great time for you stay in Paris. Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvai
11937	The flat is ideal for a couple. We can ad an air matress in the living room, for a child for exemple. The quite original appartement (with the bedroom in the basement) turn it into the perfect location to discover Paris and enjoy a calm night.  Rooms are temperate during the hot summer days wich may be very pleasant during the sometimes very hot parisian august!  Any other question? Don't hesitate and send us a message, we will be really happy to discuss with you.	Cosy flat (35m²) perfectly located for tourism (near from Les Invalides, between Montparnasse and the Eiffel tower), very convenient to discover Paris (4 different metro lines and many bus). We will be glad to welcome you! The flat is ideal for a couple. We can ad an air matress in the living room, for a child for exemple. The quite original appartement (with the bedroom in the basement) turn it into the perfect location to discover Paris and enjoy a calm night.  Rooms are temperate during the hot summer days wich may be very pleasant during the sometimes very hot parisian august!  Any other question? Don't hesitate and send us a message, we will be really happy to discuss with you. You will have a full access to the appartment, so you will enjoy the true parisian life! We will welcome our guests to give them some good tips to discover Paris, after what we will let you for your visit. The neighborhood is very quiet, family life and active. The is a lot of little shop where you will dis
11938		Proche du métro, cette chambre est très confortable et bien décorée. Nous avons le wifi, et accès à la salle de bain et la cuisine.
11939		Charmant appartement design accueillant jusqu'à 4 personnes en plein cœur de Paris, à 15 minutes à pied de la Tour Eiffel. Profitez du soleil et de la vue grace à une grande terrasse!
11940	Nous sommes de jeunes pros parisiens, impatients de vous accueillir dans notre colocation! 	Bonjour! Chambre double 12m2 dans un grand appart en colocation. L'appartement de 110m2, haut de plafond, lumineux et calme comprend un grand salon. Chambre idéale seul ou en couple. Métro Pasteur, Paris 15, à 10 min à vélo de la Tour Eiffel. Nous sommes de jeunes pros parisiens, impatients de vous accueillir dans notre colocation! Le grand appartement est idéalement situé à Paris, lignes 12 et 6 métro Pasteur, à 10 min à vélo de la Tour Eiffel ou de Montparnasse. Il comprend une belle cuisine et un grand salon. Tout l'appartement est très haut de plafond, et comprend de jolies moulures. Il est vaste, lumineux et calme. Bienvenue! Nous sommes habitués à accueillir des amis dans notre colocation; nous traiterons les voyageurs comme tels. Nous pouvons bien évidemment indiquer les commerces à proximité, vous accueillir si vous arrivez tard de l'aéroport, et nous aurons plaisir à échanger avec vous lors des repas par exemple.
11941	L'appartement est tout équipé à l'intérieur (lave vaisselle, lave linge, machine à café, douche, baignoire, wifi) et à l'extérieur (Hamac, chaises longues, table de jardin et BBQ). Sa situation unique sur les toits offre un coin de verdure en plein Paris ! 	Bel appartement moderne avec grande terrasse fleurie de 100 m2 ! Proche de la Tour Eiffel et des rues commerçantes, cet appartement au dernier étage vous offrira calme et détente lors de votre séjour à Paris.  Tout équipé: intérieur comme extérieur ! L'appartement est tout équipé à l'intérieur (lave vaisselle, lave linge, machine à café, douche, baignoire, wifi) et à l'extérieur (Hamac, chaises longues, table de jardin et BBQ). Sa situation unique sur les toits offre un coin de verdure en plein Paris ! Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement dont toutes les pièces (salon, chambre, cuisine et salle de bain) ont accès à une terrasse privative fleurie! L'appartement est situé au 5 étage, sans vis-à-vis, avec accès avec ascenseur. En vacances en France, nous restons joignable pour tout conseil ! Familles et amis étant à Paris, une aide pourra vous être apportée si besoin. L'appartement est idéalement situé pour profité au mieux de Paris. Il se situe à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et
11942	LA CHAMBRE Nous sommes un couple et nous vous proposons une chambre de 17 m2 avec un balcon de 6m2 donnant sur jardin. Vous aurez un lit 2 places ainsi qu'un accès à une salle d'eau privée et attenante à la chambre de 7 m2 environ. Le calme est garanti puisque la chambre donne sur jardin et le bâtiment est lui-même situé à l'intérieur d'un jardin. Le linge de lit, les serviettes de bain, les oreillers et les couettes sont mis à disposition. Vous disposez aussi d'une table si vous souhaitez travailler. Accès internet par wifi  LE QUARTIER: Le quartier est calme mais vous êtes à Paris et donc à côté de cafés, restaurants, supermarchés, tabacs... Nous avons un grand appartement de 160m2 rue de Vaugirard à cinq petites minutes du métro et du tram Porte de Versailles. le parc des expositions ainsi que le Palais des Sports sont à deux pas.Les lignes de bus les plus proches (3 minutes) sont le 80 et le 39. Règles de vie : Pas de fumeurs.  	LA CHAMBRE Nous sommes un couple et nous vous proposons une chambre de 17 m2 avec un balcon de 6m2 donnant sur jardin. Vous aurez un lit 2 places ainsi qu'un accès à une salle d'eau privée et attenante à la chambre de 7 m2 environ. Le calme est garanti puisque la chambre donne sur jardin et le bâtiment est lui-même situé à l'intérieur d'un jardin. Le linge de lit, les serviettes de bain, les oreillers et les couettes sont mis à disposition. Vous disposez aussi d'une table si vous souhaitez travailler. Accès internet par wifi  LE QUARTIER: Le quartier est calme mais vous êtes à Paris et donc à côté de cafés, restaurants, supermarchés, tabacs... Nous avons un grand appartement de 160m2 rue de Vaugirard à cinq petites minutes du métro et du tram Porte de Versailles. le parc des expositions ainsi que le Palais des Sports sont à deux pas.Les lignes de bus les plus proches (3 minutes) sont le 80 et le 39. Règles de vie : Pas de fumeurs.  
11943	A la frontière du 6ème arrondissement avec vue tour Eiffel au soleil avec son large balcon à Montparnasse. Appartement de 52m2 refait à neuf dans un style déco design. Lumineux, très calme et traversant donnant côté chambre sur le Sacré Coeur et les monuments de Paris du 7eme étage ascenseur . Très grande baignoire douche dans une salle de bain ouverte sur la chambre et équipée d'un lave linge. Le lit de la chambre donne sur le Sacré Cœur avec un matelas très confortable de 160x190. Le salon est moderne et donne sur la cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, plaque à induction, four, machine nespresso, frigo congélateur). L équipement de l appartement comprend aussi un fer à repasser avec sa planche .Le canapé offre un lit de 160x190 TV au mur dans la chambre et videoprojecteur dans le salon. A 5 min a pied du jardin du Luxembourg ,proche des théâtres, cinemas, transports et commerces. L'immeuble est moderne et tres sécurisé ..	Montparnasse/Gaité/ Edgar Quinet /Luxembourg .appartement tout équipé  ensoleillé, au calme, traversant refait à neuf déco, avec balcon au 7ème avec ascenseur, sud ouest, vue tour Eiffel et chambre avec vue sur le Sacré Cœur . Un petit nid sur les toits de Paris . Well come to Paris A la frontière du 6ème arrondissement avec vue tour Eiffel au soleil avec son large balcon à Montparnasse. Appartement de 52m2 refait à neuf dans un style déco design. Lumineux, très calme et traversant donnant côté chambre sur le Sacré Coeur et les monuments de Paris du 7eme étage ascenseur . Très grande baignoire douche dans une salle de bain ouverte sur la chambre et équipée d'un lave linge. Le lit de la chambre donne sur le Sacré Cœur avec un matelas très confortable de 160x190. Le salon est moderne et donne sur la cuisine toute équipée (lave vaisselle, plaque à induction, four, machine nespresso, frigo congélateur). L équipement de l appartement comprend aussi un fer à repasser avec sa planche .Le cana
11944		Dans un immeuble  idéalement situé à coté du métro, de nombreux commerces et à 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, studio très clair avec cuisine et salle de bain séparées, au cinquième étage avec ascenseur. (parties communes en cours de restauration).
11945		Studio confortable dans le quinzième arrondissement de Paris, à 1,5 km de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars. Peut accueillir 1 personne ou un couple. Proche de toutes commodités
11946	Small studio appartment with easy accessing furniture. Bright space with sun coming in around 15 pm.  The sofa bed is practical and very comfortable. The kitchen space has 2 cookpots, a big sink, and a fridge-freezer.  Bathroom has a plastic door shower, electric toilets, nice mirrors and a small sink.	"Beautiful studio appartment for 1 or 2 person in a very peaceful neighborhood (15th district) with very good layout and a wonderful view of sunsets over the Eiffel Tower and Paris' roofs.  Very quite building and a 5min walk to the Champ de Mars Small studio appartment with easy accessing furniture. Bright space with sun coming in around 15 pm.  The sofa bed is practical and very comfortable. The kitchen space has 2 cookpots, a big sink, and a fridge-freezer.  Bathroom has a plastic door shower, electric toilets, nice mirrors and a small sink. Internet connection (and the computer with a ""guest"" account). There is in the kitchen space a micro-wave and a toaster.   A 6 shelfs cupboard is also at your disposal. (see picture) Please bring your own sheets if possible. Ligne 10 : Ségur (2min walk ) Ligne 6 : Cambronne (5min walk) Ligne 8-6-10 : La Motte Picquet-Grenelle (8min) Buses and night buses are available around the building. The appartment is on the 7th floor (there is no elevator)."
11947	Beautiful 42m² flat fully renovated with every comfort ( washing machine, dishwasher, large fridge, separate freezer, induction hob , multifunction oven , complete kitchen utensils, cutlery for 6 people ( plates, glasses , cutlery ) , electric piano, high speed Internet, Wifi, double glazed silent )	Paris 15th - Metro 5mn - Beautiful apartment . 42m² furnished any comfort, double glazing , 4th floor, 1 separate bedroom with 2 single beds + confortable sofa bed in the living room. Washing machine, dishwasher, freezer, fully equipped. Beautiful 42m² flat fully renovated with every comfort ( washing machine, dishwasher, large fridge, separate freezer, induction hob , multifunction oven , complete kitchen utensils, cutlery for 6 people ( plates, glasses , cutlery ) , electric piano, high speed Internet, Wifi, double glazed silent ) Entire housing ( living room, kitchen , bathroom , bedroom) Trekking in the Himalayas, I would not be available. But do not hesitate to contact Ombeline for the duration of your stay: (phone number hidden) . Be sure she will take care of you! > Numerous garden squares nearby. > Modern Art: the Church of Notre-Dame de L'Arche d'Alliance (81 Rue d'Alleray, 75015 Paris) , considered a masterpiece of contemporary religious architecture. > Market on the square a
11948	Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale!	Il mio studio di 15 m2 é molto accogliente, comodo anche per una coppia, é posozionato nella zona residenziale si parigi, di fronte al parco internationale delle esposizioni a due passi da 3 linee diverse di trasporto! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale! Il mio studio é Libero per 5 giorni dal 21 al 27 gennaio 2015 perché sono in italia! Ovviamente sarà fatto un forfait settimanale!
11949	Meme si l'immeuble est situé sur un boulevard, l'appartement donne sur la cour intérieure aérée et sans vis-à-vis qui vous permet d'être au calme tout en bénéficiant de tout un tas de services à proximité immédiate (monoprix, dia, bars, biocoop, laposte, traiteurs, boulangeries restaurants...)	Meme si l'immeuble est situé sur un boulevard, l'appartement donne sur la cour intérieure aérée et sans vis-à-vis qui vous permet d'être au calme tout en bénéficiant de tout un tas de services à proximité immédiate (monoprix, dia, bars, biocoop, laposte, traiteurs, boulangeries restaurants...) Logement en entier ! Je peux même partager mon sel et des denrées alimentaires (dans la limite du raisonnable bien sûr :) Dans la mesure du possible je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir et vous donner des conseils pour vous permettre d'apprécier au mieux votre passage parisien !  Le 15e arrondissement ne connaît certes pas la frénésie du nord-est parisien mais, après une bonne journée de marche, son calme vous permettra de vous remettre en toute tranquilité de la ferveur parisienne. Amateurs de musées et du Paris carte postale, le Quai Branly, les Invalides, le Trocadéro, les nouvelles Berges de Seine sans oublier la Dame de Fer, sont situés à proximité, ce qui vous permettra de ne pas passe
11950	This private no smoking apartment includes : * 1 bedroom with a queen bed and available laundry cupboard * 1 living room with a sofa, flat screen TV, dining table  * 1 kitchen with micro-wave, hoven, fridge, dishwasher * 1 bathroom with both a tub and shower and wahing machine  * 1 separate toilet * Also provided : oDish soap and laundry product oSheets and blankets for the bed  oFully stocked bathroom - hair dryer, shampoo & conditioner, soap, fresh towels oIron/ironing board  oHigh speed Wi-Fi Internet  oLocal restaurant recommendation list with maps and plenty of local attraction information  Major tourist destinations are connected within 15-30 Min travel time as it's Well connected by 3 Metro lines (Metro 6, 8, 10). * 10 Min by Walk to Eiffel Tower  * 10 min by Metro to Opera Garnier & Boulevard Hausseman (Printemps & Galerie Lafayettes shopping center) * 10 Min by Metro to Notre Dame (Saint Michel)  * 20 Min by Metro to Louvre Museum  * 25 Min by Metro to Bastille (For Pubs & Par	Welcome to my 40 square meter (460 square feet) one bedroom apartment on the 4th floor (with elevator) within walking distance of the Eiffel Tower (10 min). The building is equipped with an electronic code
11951	A beautiful and spacious apartment which has recently been entirely renovated, located in an extremely quiet neightborhood, close to shops, subway and bus routes. 10 minutes far from Montparnasse. The living room is equipped with TV with LCD screen, French and foreign networks, and you will be connected to a high speed internet connection through the fibre optic network.  An equipped kitchen is fitted with a bar opened on the living room, where you can relax with a drink.  You will sleep on a double bed, in a room equiped with a storage locker and chest of drawers with 4 drawers, a nightstand and a table night. A shower room comfortable for 2 persons is in the bathroom. The toilets are in an independant room. To crown it all : the living room and the room are widely open to a grassed terrace with a vue on the Montparnasse tour, where you will definitely enjoy having breakfast in the morning.	A beautifully  renovated apartment enjoys a sunny location and a spacious interior. Ideal for a couple who are looking for a romantic stay, but can ealisy accept up to 4 persons.  Best of all : a grassed terrace with a vue on the Montparnasse tower. A beautiful and spacious apartment which has recently been entirely renovated, located in an extremely quiet neightborhood, close to shops, subway and bus routes. 10 minutes far from Montparnasse. The living room is equipped with TV with LCD screen, French and foreign networks, and you will be connected to a high speed internet connection through the fibre optic network.  An equipped kitchen is fitted with a bar opened on the living room, where you can relax with a drink.  You will sleep on a double bed, in a room equiped with a storage locker and chest of drawers with 4 drawers, a nightstand and a table night. A shower room comfortable for 2 persons is in the bathroom. The toilets are in an independant room. To crown it all : the living ro
11952	The appartment is very sunny all day long in summer.  You will also enjoy the fresh and healthy garden from the balconny	Rent a brand new 25m² Studio, on the 3rd floor of a modern flat (with bathtub, bedlinen and towels) in a quiet street and garden. About 10 min walking from the Eiffel tour, 10 min by metro to champs Elysées and Louvre museum.  The appartment is very sunny all day long in summer.  You will also enjoy the fresh and healthy garden from the balconny All thease shops are at the corner : 3 Super markets 3 Bakery 2 wine shops 1 cheese shops and many others You will have full acces of the appartement. I will be available to talk and give you advices for visiting paris. 5 mn by foot from 3 different subway lines (6th, 8th and 10th) which will lead you to all the touristic areas and the heart of Paris (Eiffel tour, Trocadero, Notre Dame, Invalide, etc.). There are also river close as rowing boats, or bicycle, or just enjoy a picnic in the champs de mars… You will be at 6 stops from Champs Elysées and 20 min to the Louvre A supermarket, newspaper stand, pressing, baker, butcher, wine cellar are b
11953	I will be present for any information and to make your stay in Paris more enjoyable new studio in a residential luxury, in 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars and 5 minutes of the new shopping center Beaugrenelle with Pathé cinema with 10 screens  10 bars, lounges restaurants overlooking the Seine, panoramic view with freewifi. The shopping center has great shops such as Occitane de provence, Guerlain, Maje, Claudie Pierlot, Michaer Kors, Baccarat, Kusmi tea... with exceptional services: personal shopper, tax free service The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction hob, microwave, dishwasher;  and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home : toaster, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine. new studio fully equipped: double bed, sofa three seater that can be an extra bed. television and wireless internet two dressing for easy storage machine washed, tumble drier,dishwasher, hoover. beautiful new bathroom with It	Single room in a high standing tour. 10mn walk to the Eiffel Tour, 5mn walk to the centre Beaugrenelle mall, I will be present for any information and to make your stay in Paris more enjoyable new studio in a residential luxury, in 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs de Mars and 5 minutes of the new shopping center Beaugrenelle with Pathé cinema with 10 screens  10 bars, lounges restaurants overlooking the Seine, panoramic view with freewifi. The shopping center has great shops such as Occitane de provence, Guerlain, Maje, Claudie Pierlot, Michaer Kors, Baccarat, Kusmi tea... with exceptional services: personal shopper, tax free service The modern kitchen is fully equipped with all domestic appliances: fridge, induction hob, microwave, dishwasher;  and all necessary things to make your stay enjoyable like home : toaster, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine. new studio fully equipped: double bed, sofa three seater that can be an extra bed. television and wireless internet 
11954		Charmant studio dans le 15eme arrondissement. Proche de toutes commodités, et très bien desservi: à 1 min du metro Pasteur, à 5 min de Montparnasse et à 10 min de la tour Eiffel.  Idéal pour 2, mais peut accueillir 3 personnes. Bien équipé+WIFI -Wifi -TV -Cuisine Quartier calme, proche de toutes commodités. à 5 min à pieds de Montparnasse et 10 min de la Tour Eiffel. Très bien desservi:  - ligne 12 et 6 Metro Pasteur à 1 min de marche.  + Plusieur Bus (95, 63, 86..) - Ligne 4, 13, 6 et 12 Metro Montparnasse à 3 min de marche. - Gare Montparnasse à 3 min de marche.
11955	Appartement Design et moderne entièrement rénové et très bien situé au 15 ème arrondissement de Paris à 8 min de la tour Eiffel. L appartement est un 2 pièces ( salon / salle à manger et chambre à coucher) de 40 m² au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur, avec cuisine et salle de bain. Proche de toutes les commodités.  _Equipement Cuisine : Four à micro ondes, Grille pain, cafetière, machine à laver, lave vaisselle, gaz à induction et tous les ustensiles nécessaires. _Salon et salle à manger : Canapé lit, Télé écran plat 120 cm, internet et un balcon. _Chambre à coucher : Grand lit avec matelas de 17 cm, et un petit balcon. _Salle de bain : Sèche serviette  Apartment completely renovated , modern design and very well located in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, 8 minutes from the Eiffel Tower by walk. The apartment is a 2 rooms ( living room / dining room and bedroom) of 40 m² on the 3rd floor with elevator, with kitchen and bathroom. Close to all the amenities. _Equipement Kitchen: Microwave ov	A 40 m² apartment, located in the heart of Paris 15, close to all amenities, 5 min walk to theeiffel tower
11956	Appartement de 33m2 situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur dans une résidence sécurisée (2 codes d accès).	Grand studio de 33m2 avec une vue incroyable sur la Tour Eiffel. Très bien équipé, vous pourrez également prendre votre petit déj sur le balcon. Pouvant accueillir 3 pers, idéalement situé au pied de la ligne 6,8 et 10 (Motte Picquet Grenelle). Appartement de 33m2 situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur dans une résidence sécurisée (2 codes d accès). Vous aurez accès à : -Wifi (Box Orange fibre optique) -Télévision et home cinéma -Douche, shampoing et WC -Sèche cheveux -Fer à repasser -Machine à laver -Microondes -Réfrigérateur -Gazinière -Machine à café Nescafe Dolce Gusto -Bouilloire -Presse jus d'orange Nous nous verrons au moment du check in et du check out pour la remise des clés. Vous serez à 10 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, parfait pour un pique nique! A 50 mètres, la très animée rue du Commerce rassemble tous les commerces dont vous avez besoin et idéale pour le shopping. Il y a également un marché sous le métro le mercredi et le dimanche. 2 supermarchés Monopri
11957	L'appartement est NON fumeur. Serviettes de toilette et linge de maison sont à votre disposition (draps, taies d'oreillers, housse de couette et chiffons de cuisine). L'appartement vous est livré propre vous devez le restituer propre. Merci à vous	Close to the Eiffel tower This charming and well located 70 square meters , 2 Bedroom, apartment is located on square Desaix in the 15th arrondissement, on the 6 th French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 4 people
11958	Located in the Boucicault-Convention area, our 50sqm appartment is bright, quiet and fully equipped with all the amenities that you'll need for a relaxing stay. It is made up of a dining room with a sofa bed for two people and flat screen, an adjoining balcony to enjoy that late night cap looking over the city, a fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with another sofa bed for two people, a hallway with an elliptical machine and a large modern bathroom. 	If you are looking for a quiet and comfortable place to relax after a day of visiting the City of Lights, we are happy to welcome you in our 2 apartment
11959		Appartement clair, grand séjour, cuisine équipée, 2 salles de douche, 2 chambres, entièrement équipé, TV , wifi. Parfait pour 4 personnes. Très confortable et décoration simple. Ascenseur. 5e étage. Tous commerces, marchés. Restaurants. Accès à tout l'appartement sauf 2 placards Les informations de contact en cas d'urgence seront indiquées dans l'appartement Métro La Motte Picquet Lignes 8-10-6 Taxis. Autobus 80
11960	Très lumineu , l'appartement a un très joly petit balcon où on peut déjeuner , prendre un café , bronzer un peu ou regarder le coucher de soleil. Il y a la lumière toute la journé avec une belle vue!	Our nice small flat for 4/5/6 people is renewed in a typical Haussmannien building just in front of the PAlais de Sport and the Salon des Expositions in the Boulevard. Very well connected to the rest of the City in a safe and interesting neibourough. Très lumineu , l'appartement a un très joly petit balcon où on peut déjeuner , prendre un café , bronzer un peu ou regarder le coucher de soleil. Il y a la lumière toute la journé avec une belle vue! code: 61943 interphone D'Antonio D'Alessandro 6ème (ascenseur) porte a droite Promenande petite ceinture qui relie le parc Citroen au PArc Brassens! Quartier sympa plein de restos, cinema et Aquaboulevard parc aquatique à coté, piscines et centre sportifs, comemrces, tram, bus, mètro 12 en bas (Porte de Versailles), mètro 8 (Balard), piste cyclable etc...
11961	Our design flat (100 m2) has been renovated in 2010 and is in a secure and family area. 1 double living room, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, 1 US kitchen, dressing in all rooms. The flat has original wooden floor, molding and fireplaces in all rooms. The flat is on the first floor ( with elevator). The stone bulding, dating from 1913 is typical from Paris and is at 1 min walk from the tube station ( Lourmel, Line 8). The building has a keeper. About bedrooms : 1 for parents, 1 who can lodge 2 people on a confortable double air bed,1 for a boy and a baby but we can also put a matress for 2 inside. Moreover the couch in the living room is a convertible sofa bed for 2 persons. There is everything for babies and children ( bath, bed, chair, DVD...). Our area is secure and calm with lots of shops, restaurants, cafes, church, and parks.We live at 5 min from the new french Président private flat! Car parking free down the street. Tube station : 1 min walking distance by foot 	A nice and charming flat close to the tube station. Our design flat (100 m2) has been renovated in 2010 and is in a secure and family area. 1 double living room, 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom with bathtub and shower, 1 US kitchen, dressing in all rooms. The flat has original wooden floor, molding and fireplaces in all rooms. The flat is on the first floor ( with elevator). The stone bulding, dating from 1913 is typical from Paris and is at 1 min walk from the tube station ( Lourmel, Line 8). The building has a keeper. About bedrooms : 1 for parents, 1 who can lodge 2 people on a confortable double air bed,1 for a boy and a baby but we can also put a matress for 2 inside. Moreover the couch in the living room is a convertible sofa bed for 2 persons. There is everything for babies and children ( bath, bed, chair, DVD...). Our area is secure and calm with lots of shops, restaurants, cafes, church, and parks.We live at 5 min from the new french Président private flat! Car parking free down the st
11962	Flat is a duplex over two levels. Quite big for the area : 190m2. 5 bedrooms (2 with double beds, 3 with single beds, 2 additional beds can be added, so up to 9 people) + 2 bathrooms. There is a floor dedicated to the children originally, with 3 kids bedrooms and a bathroom. Our children leave all their toys so the flat is rather family oriented ! Enjoy. 	STYLE : a typical parisian flat but newly refurbished by architect. LOCATION : central, next to Eiffel Tower & Museums, 2 underground lines & buses. SIZE : 190m2, 5 bedrooms, up to 9 people. Ideal for families & groups. Market, bakery...  next door ! Flat is a duplex over two levels. Quite big for the area : 190m2. 5 bedrooms (2 with double beds, 3 with single beds, 2 additional beds can be added, so up to 9 people) + 2 bathrooms. There is a floor dedicated to the children originally, with 3 kids bedrooms and a bathroom. Our children leave all their toys so the flat is rather family oriented ! Enjoy. The idea is to feel at home so everything is at your disposal (except for some music instruments we need to put aside when we leave). We leave for your disposal a detailed list of what we like in the neighborhood and how to get to usual (or unusual) places. Let us know your like / dislikes so we can provide advice. DAY TO DAY : Live like parisians ! 2 bakeries (5m and 30m) 1 local market (
11963	Nice and large flat (70m²) with terrace in a quiet area. Suitable for up to 4 people : 1 bedroom + 1 convertible sofa in the lounge (the sofa is nice nice to sleep on and very convenient to convert from sofa to bed)	The flat is very well located near 2 metro lines (8 and 10) and very close from shops and some of the most beautiful places in Paris : Eiffel Tower, La Seine, les Invalides, ... This flat is also very quiet, so perfect to rest after a long day walk ! Nice and large flat (70m²) with terrace in a quiet area. Suitable for up to 4 people : 1 bedroom + 1 convertible sofa in the lounge (the sofa is nice nice to sleep on and very convenient to convert from sofa to bed) Access with digicode at the main door and then through an elevator. We won't be in Paris, but we will leave you our best adresses in Paris to go out for dinner, drink, party, ... Although some frinds live right next to our door and will be able to help at any time if needed ! The neighborhood is very nice with typical parisian shops (boulangerie right next to our door to get the breakfast for instance), shopping mall, restaurants, and many nice places (les invalides, Eiffel tower, le champs de Mars, la Seine, gardens, ...) all 
11964		"The apartment is bright and located in a quiet and wooded residence. Enjoy the well-equipped and spacious (website hidden) is 10mn from métro Convention and from the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles. Preferably I receive women. Of course you will have access to the kitchen, the bathroom and separate toilet .The living room no because is my room during your stay. I'll be there, and I can inform you about all types of questions about the neighborhood and the city. 5 minutes there is the beautiful park ""Gorges Brassens"" where the single market to ancient books of Paris (open Saturday and Sunday). Right beside a brewery with a superb heated terrace where you can eat very well and the team is very friendly. The Convention metro line 12, 89 and 95 bus and tram stop T3 Georges Brassens."
11965	Une grande terrasse en plein paris	En plein cœur du 15e arrondissement, métro volontaires ou sèvres lecourbe, ce charmant studio  vous offrira toutes les commodités au niveau des transports, commerces de proximité & lieu touristiques. 25m2 + 15m2 de terrasse avec intérnet, tv ... Une grande terrasse en plein paris Metro, bus...
11966	It's cute, well equipped, situated in a quiet street and in a quality building. 2 rooms, 55 square meters, suitable for 2 to 3 people. 	Suitable for 2 to 3 people.  2 rooms, independant kitchen and bathroom, on the 1st floor of an art Deco style building, gate code and interphone.  Located in a quiet street, 15th arrondissement (lmiit 7th) , 5 minutes walk from Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Not far from the Seine river, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay. All necessities around in a traditional Paris area. Rue du Commerce and boulevard de Grenelle farmers market under aerial underground. Metro lines 8, 6 and 10 us #80 Contact by email (French and English). It's cute, well equipped, situated in a quiet street and in a quality building. 2 rooms, 55 square meters, suitable for 2 to 3 people. Eiifel Tower, river Seine, Invalides, Orsay Museum Easily by email, in English and French. Close to the Eiffel Tower. Champs de Mars, the rue du Commerce, (email hidden)ly Parisian neighborhood. Market boulevard de Grenelle in the air méytro. metro lines 6, 8 and 10.  Station : La Motte Picquet Grenelle. Bus number 80
11967	Furnished studio located on the 6th floor of a building of 30 floors. Kitchen, 2 seater sofa bed, TV, bathroom. Conveniently located near the Eiffel Tower (10 minute walk) Transport very close to visit Paris: Metro: Bir Hakeim Dupleix (line 6), Charles Michel (line 10). RER C station (Champ de Mars) to visit Versailles. Pool and terrace accessible on the 30th floor with panoramic views of Paris.	Furnished studio located on the 6th floor of a building of 30 floors. Kitchen, 2 seater sofa bed, TV, bathroom. Conveniently located near the Eiffel Tower (10 minute walk) Transport very close to visit Paris: Metro: Bir Hakeim Dupleix (line 6), Charles Michel (line 10). RER C station (Champ de Mars) to visit Versailles. Pool and terrace accessible on the 30th floor with panoramic views of Paris.
11968		Charming 60m² flat with 1 bedroom and 20m² terrasse - fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower 5 min from the Metro  15 min from the Eiffel Tower Ideal for a couple looking for a nice stay in Paris
11969		Grand appartement au calme dans un quartier résidentiel du 15ème arrondissement au pied des commerces et transports. Grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte,1 chb double,1 chb enfant (possibilité 2 lits de bébé) et canapé convertible dans le salon
11970	2-room Apt with 1 Bedroom Sleeps: 4 people (1 Queen Double Bed + 2 Single Beds) Floor: 2nd (A 2nd floor in Europe means 2 flights of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: Vaugirard - Sevres Lecourbe (3mn walk) Surface area: 376 sq.ft./ 35 m2 Short List: Bathtub to relax, Only real good Beds, LCD TV screen, DVD Player, Computer with High Speed Internet and Wifi... (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: Great place to live like a Parisian. Quiet - Residential area next to a Street Market and with easy access to main center by subway. --- THE PROPERTY Sunny & Quiet apartment with Real good beds for up to 4 people. Perfect for a couple or a family, away from the crowds. A master bedroom with a Queen Size Bed, a living room with 2 twin beds - kitchen with a bar, bathroom with bathtub & toilets. The owner has decorated the apartment with masks, statues and details he brought back from foreign countries - East Asia, Africa and other european countries. The result is colorful and peaceful.	Great place to live like a Parisian. Quiet - Residential area next to a Street Market and with easy access to main center by subway (less than 10mn to most landmarks) 2-room Apt with 1 Bedroom Sleeps: 4 people (1 Queen Double Bed + 2 Single Beds) Floor: 2nd (A 2nd floor in Europe means 2 flights of stairs from Main Floor) Subway: Vaugirard - Sevres Lecourbe (3mn walk) Surface area: 376 sq.ft./ 35 m2 Short List: Bathtub to relax, Only real good Beds, LCD TV screen, DVD Player, Computer with High Speed Internet and Wifi... (Check Inventory for more details) The Big Plus: Great place to live like a Parisian. Quiet - Residential area next to a Street Market and with easy access to main center by subway. --- THE PROPERTY Sunny & Quiet apartment with Real good beds for up to 4 people. Perfect for a couple or a family, away from the crowds. A master bedroom with a Queen Size Bed, a living room with 2 twin beds - kitchen with a bar, bathroom with bathtub & toilets. The owner has decorated the 
11971	Refait à neuf au mois de Septembre 2013 Nous vous offrons en étage élevé avec ascenseur, un magnifique studio-terrasse  avec vue panoramique claire et dégagée sur la tour Eiffel ,et sur Paris (voir photos) Équipement: Planche à repasser ,séchoir à cheveux , Etc... Tv  écran plat  Accès internet Wifi, gratuit , Chauffage collectif , Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis.  Équipé pour 2 personnes, un salon avec canapé lit confortable, d'une cuisine américaine avec bar comprenant :  un four micro onde, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, nécessaire de vaisselle. Salle d'eau, douche  et lavabo, d un cabinet de toilette... Location 3 nuits minimum 	PENTHOUSE VUE TOUR EIFFEL, PARIS  Proche : des invalides, de la tour Eiffel, du Champs de Mars,de la porte de Versailles et ses salons,du palais de sports de la tour Montparnasse etc....               Situation exceptionnelle sur la Rive Gauche   Refait à neuf au mois de Septembre 2013 Nous vous offrons en étage élevé avec ascenseur, un magnifique studio-terrasse  avec vue panoramique claire et dégagée sur la tour Eiffel ,et sur Paris (voir photos) Équipement: Planche à repasser ,séchoir à cheveux , Etc... Tv  écran plat  Accès internet Wifi, gratuit , Chauffage collectif , Draps et serviettes de toilette fournis.  Équipé pour 2 personnes, un salon avec canapé lit confortable, d'une cuisine américaine avec bar comprenant :  un four micro onde, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson, nécessaire de vaisselle. Salle d'eau, douche  et lavabo, d un cabinet de toilette... Location 3 nuits minimum SÉCURITÉ Gardien et Digicode . MÉTRO  ligne N°6 et N°10. (Station à 25m) Bus direct Ligne N°39, 70 , 
11972	Appartement typiquement parisien : parquet + moulures 	Appartement typiquement parisien : parquet + moulures Proximité de tous les commerces Métro à 3 minutes à pied Une dizaine de ligne de bus Bornes vélib à 100 mètres Bornes autolib' à 300 mètres Proximité de la tour eiffel metro convention Possibilité d'ajouter un lit parapluie
11973	Nice studio very bright with a great view. The flat is well located, at station Vaugirard (L12). It is also very close from Porte de Versailles,the L6 (2 stations), and is localised at less than 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower by tube My studio is very quite, in a trading quarter, full of little shops and restaurants. 6th floor with lift. Kitchen, micro-wave and oven, desk and coffee table.  Bathroom with toilets, a shower and a sink.   Internet (wifi) Large bed/couch very comfortable.  I am also yours during your stay in Paris to answer to all of your questions.	Nice studio very bright with a great view. The flat is well located, at station Vaugirard (L12). It is also very close from Porte de Versailles,the L6 (2 stations), and is localised at less than 15 minutes from Eiffel Tower by tube My studio is very quite, in a trading quarter, full of little shops and restaurants. 6th floor with lift. Kitchen, micro-wave and oven, desk and coffee table.  Bathroom with toilets, a shower and a sink.   Internet (wifi) Large bed/couch very comfortable.  I am also yours during your stay in Paris to answer to all of your questions.
11974	Luxury suite with an amazing view of Eiffel Tower!! 60 square/meter. One king size bed very confortable. -washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, micro wave, oven, -42 inch plasma TV , bose music system, -2 white leather couches very larges -located in a very safe area with many restaurants, shops, bars, and supermarkets -WiFi with a computer -bathroom with a long tub I will make myself available to make your staying amazing	Luxury suite with an amazing view of Eiffel Tower!! 60 square/meter. One king size bed very confortable. -washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, micro wave, oven, -42 inch plasma TV , bose music system, -2 white leather couches very larges -located in a very safe area with many restaurants, shops, bars, and supermarkets -WiFi with a computer -bathroom with a long tub I will make myself available to make your staying amazing
11975	I m the owner of the studio，the studio has been renovated with all new equipments. wi-fi available frige central heating clean towels clean sheets you can make it as your home：=）	safety，quiet subway line 8 downstairs，metro ligne 8 1min
11976	Le salon comprend un canapé en cuir convertible on peut ainsi profiter d'une TV écran plat 3D. La chambre en alcove inclut un vrai lit double 140 x 200 cm convertible en canapé pour encore plus d'espace et pour profiter de la cheminée. Acces Wifi illimité et gratuit. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est tres bien équipée avec: lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes/four, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso, grille- pain, bouilloire etc. La salle d'eau intègre également les wc.	Le salon comprend un canapé en cuir convertible on peut ainsi profiter d'une TV écran plat 3D. La chambre en alcove inclut un vrai lit double 140 x 200 cm convertible en canapé pour encore plus d'espace et pour profiter de la cheminée. Acces Wifi illimité et gratuit. La cuisine ouverte sur le salon est tres bien équipée avec: lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes/four, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso, grille- pain, bouilloire etc. La salle d'eau intègre également les wc. L'appartement est à deux pas des métros, accès au bus et velib.  Pour visiter la ville vous vous trouvez à: - 6mn à pied du Champs de Mars/ 10mn à pied de la tour Eiffel - 14mn en métro d’Opéra - 15mn en métro d'Odéon - 15mn en métro pour les Champs Elysées - 11mn en métro du Bon Marché (illustre Grand Magasin) Vous voulez échanger sur Paris et ses secret? Pas de problème je suis disponible pour vous accompagner grâce à mes conseils Le Champs de Mars avec la majestueuse Tour Eiffel s
11977	You will have access to the entire flat, make yourself at home! You can have free wifi, television, toaster, nespresso, microwave, oven, fridge...  We will be pleased to meet you but if we are renting our flat we are probably away... But we will ask a trusted friend to give you the key and some advice! You can walk to the Eiffel Tower, Alma Bridge, Alexandre 3 Bridge, along the Seine.  The closest stations : - Ligne 6 : Bir-Hakeim  - RER C : Champs de Mars Tour Eiffel From Roissy Airport : 45 minutes - RER B : Aéroport Orly -- Denfert-Rochereau  - Line 6 : Denfert-Rochereau --- Bir Hakeim From Orly Airport : 1 hour - Orly Val : Aéroport Orly --- Antony - RER B : Antony --- Denfert-Rochereau  - Line 6 : Denfert-Rochereau --- Bir Hakeim 	You will have access to the entire flat, make yourself at home! You can have free wifi, television, toaster, nespresso, microwave, oven, fridge...  We will be pleased to meet you but if we are renting our flat we are probably away... But we will ask a trusted friend to give you the key and some advice! You can walk to the Eiffel Tower, Alma Bridge, Alexandre 3 Bridge, along the Seine.  The closest stations : - Ligne 6 : Bir-Hakeim  - RER C : Champs de Mars Tour Eiffel From Roissy Airport : 45 minutes - RER B : Aéroport Orly -- Denfert-Rochereau  - Line 6 : Denfert-Rochereau --- Bir Hakeim From Orly Airport : 1 hour - Orly Val : Aéroport Orly --- Antony - RER B : Antony --- Denfert-Rochereau  - Line 6 : Denfert-Rochereau --- Bir Hakeim You will have access to the entire flat, make yourself at home! You can have free wifi, television, toaster, nespresso, microwave, oven, fridge...  We will be pleased to meet you but if we are renting our flat we are probably away... But we will ask a tru
11978	son emplacement au centre de Paris vue de la Tour Eiffel de la fenêtre , a 10 minutes des Champs Elysée, Place des Invalides La tour Maubourg , le Champ de Mars , Trocadero , le palais de Tokyo , situation de l'appartement dans une rue très commerçante, magasin , centre commercial Beaugrenelle,   restaurant , brasseries , appartement très calme très sécurisée deux portes d'entrée avec code pour axée , possibilité de prendre petit déjeuner voir diner a la demande plus de services comme faire  lavé son linge a la demande 	son emplacement au centre de Paris vue de la Tour Eiffel de la fenêtre , a 10 minutes des Champs Elysée, Place des Invalides La tour Maubourg , le Champ de Mars , Trocadero , le palais de Tokyo , situation de l'appartement dans une rue très commerçante, magasin , centre commercial Beaugrenelle,   restaurant , brasseries , appartement très calme très sécurisée deux portes d'entrée avec code pour axée , possibilité de prendre petit déjeuner voir diner a la demande plus de services comme faire  lavé son linge a la demande chambre privée plus salle de bain internet wifi  a la demande possibilités d'offre de service   Culture histoire arts Mode Très beau emplacement, proximité de commerces brasseries restaurent cinéma centre commercial Beaugrenelle , Champs de Mars , plein d'autres beaux quartiers très proche       Bus (phone number hidden) Métro ligne 10 et ligne 8 borne de taxi au bout de la rue place Charles Michels   RER C a Javel André Citroen station
11979	De l espace, chacun trouve son coin. Moderne et agréable à vivre. Notre chat sera présent également, il faudra juste penser a lui donner a mangé... Il adore les enfants, jamais eu de souci même avec un bébé. 	grand appartement de 105m², terrasse de 40m² avec salon de jardin, coin repas et barbecue. Grande pièce à vivre avec cuisine ouverte. 1 chambre avec un lit de (phone number hidden) salle de jeux pour enfant (possible mettre matelas) et 1 chambre avec 1 lit simple et 1 lit bébé De l espace, chacun trouve son coin. Moderne et agréable à vivre. Notre chat sera présent également, il faudra juste penser a lui donner a mangé... Il adore les enfants, jamais eu de souci même avec un bébé. Quartier familial, proche métro, commerce, monuments parisiens, activité enfants, etc... Accueil, explications et réponses aux diverses questions d utilisations des appareils. Idées de balades à Paris ... Ensuite remise des clés. 1 personne disponible en cas de problèmes. Tout !! Commerce, parc, shopping, vélib, Metro. Tout est accessible à 500 m maximum. Quartier familial, chaleureux, commerçants agréables. Metro convention ou bus ou tramway t3a Il y a 3 chambres mais 1 est réservée pour l univers des enfant
11980	Newly renovated, very cute and sunny 37 meter square apartment, one bedroom with full size bed, WI-FI connection, very sunny with 3 beautiful Haussmanien style windows. View of the courtyard with a clear view overlooking Montparnasse tour.  Open kitchen with an central island, and a table that seats up to 4. The building is very quiet and charming.	Clean and cozy 1 bd apartment, newly renovated, 4 Haussmannien windows overlooking a courtward. Very quiet, perfect for a couple who is looking for a gateway in Paris. Newly renovated, very cute and sunny 37 meter square apartment, one bedroom with full size bed, WI-FI connection, very sunny with 3 beautiful Haussmanien style windows. View of the courtyard with a clear view overlooking Montparnasse tour.  Open kitchen with an central island, and a table that seats up to 4. The building is very quiet and charming. We will not be present at the apartment during our guest's stay The neighborhood is lively filled with restaurants, shops and bars. We have one of the best boulangerie around the corner! The apartment is ideally placed couple metro stops from Musée d'Orsay, Invalide, Eiffel Tower, Saint Germain des Près.... The public transportation is VERY convenient around here, with la Gare Montparnasse which allows you to have 4 different metro lines, as well as finding cabs at any hours o
11981	The flat is comfortable and spacious, there is a bright and pleasant living room with tall French windows that open up to a very pleasant and Parisian street.  The bedroom has a very large King bed for two, ample closet/storage space and French windows that open up to the same pleasant street. The living room has a new and comfortable couch that transforms into a large bed for two. The kitchen and bathroom are both separate. The kitchen is fullly equipped (washing machine, fridge, oven, stove, dishes) and the bathroom has a bath/shower, toilet and sink. There is a TV with over 300 international and French channels (CNN, BBC, etc.) and high speed wi-fi.	Spacious and pleasantly bright 1 bedroom apartment (1 bedroom + living room) in the vibrant and safe Dupleix/Motte Picquet neighborhood of Paris. It is minutes' walking from the Eiffel Tower, and amazing cafes, shopping and restaurants and transports The flat is comfortable and spacious, there is a bright and pleasant living room with tall French windows that open up to a very pleasant and Parisian street.  The bedroom has a very large King bed for two, ample closet/storage space and French windows that open up to the same pleasant street. The living room has a new and comfortable couch that transforms into a large bed for two. The kitchen and bathroom are both separate. The kitchen is fullly equipped (washing machine, fridge, oven, stove, dishes) and the bathroom has a bath/shower, toilet and sink. There is a TV with over 300 international and French channels (CNN, BBC, etc.) and high speed wi-(website hidden) (with over 300 channels), High Speed Wi-Fi Phone, Text, E-mail, Airbnb The 
11982	Capacité jusqu’au 5 personnes  Canapé BZ 140cm x 190cm 2 places + Mezzanine avec lit 2 places 160cm x 200cm  + 1 vrai lit d’1 place Connexion internet – wifi TV écran plat (TNT) Cuisine indépendante avec réfrigérateur, plaques vitro céramiques, micro-ondes, cafetière, grille pain, bouilloire, vaisselle et couverts…. Salle de bain avec baignoire, lavabo et WC	Very confortable et cosy appartment in one of the chic districts of Paris. Nearby tour Eiffel et the other sites to visit in Paris. You will find as your real home  for some days far away, promised with a chaleureux accueil.
11983	Mon logement que je vous propose est de type cosy. C'est à dire qu'il n'est pas grand mais qu'on s'y sent bien. Il dispose d'un lit en mezzanine ainsi que d'un clic-clac, ce qui lui permet d'accueillir 4 personnes. Il est situé en rez-de-jardin: une jolie cour arborée et très bien entretenue. Il n'y a pas de vis-à-vis, la fenêtre est protégée. La résidence dispose également d'un gardien. Pour revenir au logement en lui-même, les équipements que je laisserai sur place seront vôtres le temps du séjour, alors n'hésitez-pas et servez-vous !	Bonjour à toi, voyageur ! Je te propose mon logis: un charmant duplex (lit en mezzanine) pour cet été. Louable la semaine, 15 jours ou un mois, c'est à la carte ! Au cœur du 15ème, tout est à proximité, à commencé par la Tour Eiffel.   A bientôt ! Mon logement que je vous propose est de type cosy. C'est à dire qu'il n'est pas grand mais qu'on s'y sent bien. Il dispose d'un lit en mezzanine ainsi que d'un clic-clac, ce qui lui permet d'accueillir 4 personnes. Il est situé en rez-de-jardin: une jolie cour arborée et très bien entretenue. Il n'y a pas de vis-à-vis, la fenêtre est protégée. La résidence dispose également d'un gardien. Pour revenir au logement en lui-même, les équipements que je laisserai sur place seront vôtres le temps du séjour, alors n'hésitez-pas et servez-vous ! Vous aurez accès à tout le studio. Je serai dans un autre logis dans le 10ème arrondissement. En cas de problème, n'hésitez surtout pas à m'appeler, je ne serai pas loin ! Les toilettes et les douches sont dan
11984		Confortable studio at Metro Cambronne (M6) and close to the most beautiful attractions to hit: 1.2 km to the Eiffel Tower, 2.2 km to the Invalides  In a typical old parisian building with courtyard, it will make you feel far from the noisy Paris :D
11985	This studio of 30sqm, for 2 people, is in the heart of Paris ! Very shiny, located in a quiet street, it's fully furnished and has a big kitchen for those who like cooking! The neighbourhood Motte-Piquet/Commerce is very pleasant to live in. You will find many restaurants, bars, bakers, and you can go shopping, and this just a few meters from the apartment ! The room, which is also the living room, is very shiny thanks to 2 big windows. You will find a sofa bed for 2 people, a big screen TV (which has been changed since the photo shooting), Internet and speakers for your music. And there is also a folding table. Our kitchen is fully equipped and you will find everything you need to cook whatever you want  : oven, micro-wave, ceramic glass cooktop, toaster, juicer, kettle, coffee machine, washing machine.  The bathroom/toilets is small (welcome to Paris!) but very functional with a shower. We will give you house linen and the breakfast ! Good plans, practical informations about Paris an	Charming studio near the Eiffel Tower. Between Motte-Piquet Grenelle and rue du Commerce. Perfect area for shopping, good restaurants and to have a drink. The Eiffel Tower is only 5 min walking. And we are 15 min from Champs-Elysées  or St Germain des Prés by metro. This studio of 30sqm, for 2 people, is in the heart of Paris ! Very shiny, located in a quiet street, it's fully furnished and has a big kitchen for those who like cooking! The neighbourhood Motte-Piquet/Commerce is very pleasant to live in. You will find many restaurants, bars, bakers, and you can go shopping, and this just a few meters from the apartment ! The room, which is also the living room, is very shiny thanks to 2 big windows. You will find a sofa bed for 2 people, a big screen TV (which has been changed since the photo shooting), Internet and speakers for your music. And there is also a folding table. Our kitchen is fully equipped and you will find everything you need to cook whatever you want  : oven, micro-wave
11986		Quite a big, cosy and sunny room in a secured residence. Three metro station within five minutes walk.  Ten minutes away from the exposition center Paris Porte de Versailles. Private parking at your disposal on request.   Access to the kitchen and household appliances
11987	Dans une rue unique à Paris	I rent my flat for the 26 days. Minimum for 10 days.  Don't ask me to rent it for a few days. It is a studio of 20m2. The flat is furnished in a very calm area! Dans une rue unique à Paris Aux gens sérieux et calmes Il y a plein resto sympa, des super marché à coté, transport, porte de versaille ou il y a le tram pour aller en dehors du Paris.  Bus 62, metro Convention ou Plaisance
11988		You have 2 bedrooms in this apartment , the first with a double bed ( 160) and the second with a double bed (140) and the sofa bed in the living room . (160) The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, washing machine / dryer
11989	A hallway welcomes the guests into the apartment. On the right there is a small toilet with a ceramic basin. The door on the right leads into the kitchen, very well equipped and spacious, with a window and several worktops.  Going down the corridor you enter the living room, which comprises a dining area furnished with an extendible crystal table, some comfortable silk armchairs, and a bar island lined with stools and connecting to the kitchen.  The day area offers a coffee table, a sofa bed (140 cm) and some armchairs.  Opposite the sofa bed, some sliding doors separate the day area from the first bedroom, furnished with a double bed (140 cm), TV, armchair and a lovely wooden cabinet. By day the room can be used as a sitting corner, whilst at night it turns into a cosy guest bedroom. Beside this room you enter a big hallway comprising a spacious wardrobe, occupying the most of the wall. On the right, you find the master bedroom with a double bed (140 cm), two bedside tables, a desk an	Elegant two bedroom two bathroom apartment of about 64 sqm in Paris, located on the 2nd floor of a building in the 15th arrondissement, close to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine river.  A hallway welcomes the guests into the apartment. On the right there is a small toilet with a ceramic basin. The door on the right leads into the kitchen, very well equipped and spacious, with a window and several worktops.  Going down the corridor you enter the living room, which comprises a dining area furnished with an extendible crystal table, some comfortable silk armchairs, and a bar island lined with stools and connecting to the kitchen.  The day area offers a coffee table, a sofa bed (140 cm) and some armchairs.  Opposite the sofa bed, some sliding doors separate the day area from the first bedroom, furnished with a double bed (140 cm), TV, armchair and a lovely wooden cabinet. By day the room can be used as a sitting corner, whilst at night it turns into a cosy guest bedroom. Beside this room you
11990	35m² cosy and sunny apartment at 5th floor (no lift) in a very typical Paris building with parquet and trim.  Close to the Eiffel Tower (10min walk) and Invalides (15min walk)  Restaurants, cafe, very good bakerie and grocery store nearby.  Very close to metro lines 6, 8 and 10 The apartment is located at the fifth floor of the building (without lift), it is made by 1 spacious room with a double bed and a double sofabed in the livingroom, an american kitchen fully equiped . The apartment is capable to host up to 4 people.  The apartment is functional and very well organized, ideal for a short stay in Paris.	Very nice typical Parisian flat, central, close to all commodities, restaurants and metros (3lines). 10min walk from Eiffel Tower & Invalides, direct access to ChampsElysée, Opera, St Germain des Prés, Montparnasse. Fully equipped for up to 4 pers. 35m² cosy and sunny apartment at 5th floor (no lift) in a very typical Paris building with parquet and trim.  Close to the Eiffel Tower (10min walk) and Invalides (15min walk)  Restaurants, cafe, very good bakerie and grocery store nearby.  Very close to metro lines 6, 8 and 10 The apartment is located at the fifth floor of the building (without lift), it is made by 1 spacious room with a double bed and a double sofabed in the livingroom, an american kitchen fully equiped . The apartment is capable to host up to 4 people.  The apartment is functional and very well organized, ideal for a short stay in Paris. Full equipped kitchen (induction fire, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge, Nespresso coffee maker, blender, microwave) TV Free wifi In 
11991		Grand studio de 38m² dans bel immeuble avec 1 lit double (et 2 matelas simples si besoin) avec vue sur la Tour Eiffel depuis la SDB. Cuisine équipée, SDB avec baignoire, TV, Internet wifi, piano numérique. Métro Charles Michel, Commerce, Duplex.
11992	Appartement charmant, lumineux, 33 m² situé au 3ème étage (pas d'ascenseur). Appartement et immeuble typiquement parisiens (cheminées, moulures). Propre et calme. Charming, bright 33sqm appartement, located on the 3rd floor (no elevator, sorry). Typically Parisian building and appartment (fireplaces, moldings..). Clean and quiet.	"Charmant appt 33 m² : salon avec canapé convertible (2 couchages supp.), chambre, cuisine et SDB séparés. Charming, bright 33 sqm appt next to the Eiffel Tower. Living room (convertible sofa : extra double bed), bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. Appartement charmant, lumineux, 33 m² situé au 3ème étage (pas d'ascenseur). Appartement et immeuble typiquement parisiens (cheminées, moulures). Propre et calme. Charming, bright 33sqm appartement, located on the 3rd floor (no elevator, sorry). Typically Parisian building and appartment (fireplaces, moldings..). Clean and (website hidden), WIFI, fully equipped kitchen Il est facile de communiquer avec moi par mail, je suis joignable tout le temps. Arrangeante pour la remise des clés. It's easy to communicate with me by email and I am very accomodating. Quartier calme, proche Tour Eiffel, ambiance ""petit village"" et toutes commodités à proximité. Quiet neighborhood, right next to the Eiffel Tower, nice atmosphere and close to all amenities (metro,"
11993	Proche de la Tour Effeil, du métro (lignes 6, 8 et 10). Une rue commerçante se trouve à 30 secondes à pieds. Les animaux sont interdits.	Très bel appartement moderne refait à neuf. L'appartement est composé d'une cuisine, d'un grand séjour avec un canapé lit ainsi que d'une grande chambre avec une salle de bain. Il est très ensoleillé avec 4 fenêtres. Proche commerces et métro. Proche de la Tour Effeil, du métro (lignes 6, 8 et 10). Une rue commerçante se trouve à 30 secondes à pieds. Les animaux sont interdits. Les voyageurs ont accès au logement entier. Le quartier est très vivant. Vous êtes très proches de la Tour Effeil même à pieds. La rue du Commerce se trouve à 5 minutes, vous pourrez y faire votre shopping. La rue de Lourmel est en face de l'appartement vous pourrez y faire vos courses de nourriture. Le métro est en face de l'appartement. La motte piquet Grenelle se trouve à 5 minutes à pieds, vous pourrez profiter des restaurants avec Terrasse. Métro : Linges 6,8 et 10. Le logement doit être rendu propre dans le même état qu'il a été remis à l'arrivée des voyageurs.
11994		La chambre se situe à 10 mètres du métro Volontaires (ligne 12), d'un arrêt de bus et d'une station vélib, ainsi qu'à moins de 500 mètres d'un franprix. Elle mesure 20m² et dispose d'un balcon privé, de rangements, d'une grande table et d'un canapé.
11995	In a 50 sqd meters typical parisian apartment, you will enjoy of a luminous and cosy bedroom with its own small balcony with an Eiffel Tower view. (leaning slightly). The room is furnished with a sofa confortable bed, marble fireplace, desk, window shutters, curtains and a bookcase. The bathroom is fully renovated and equipped with a large shower, mirror, sink, worktop and radiator dry towel. Toilets and bathroom are separated.	Nice bedroom in a typical parisian apartment in the Vaugirard - Convention neighourhood in the 15th district of Paris. At only 15 minutes of the main touristic attractions of the left hand side of Paris (Tour Eiffel, Odéon, Saint Germain des Prés). In a 50 sqd meters typical parisian apartment, you will enjoy of a luminous and cosy bedroom with its own small balcony with an Eiffel Tower view. (leaning slightly). The room is furnished with a sofa confortable bed, marble fireplace, desk, window shutters, curtains and a bookcase. The bathroom is fully renovated and equipped with a large shower, mirror, sink, worktop and radiator dry towel. Toilets and bathroom are separated. The kitchen is at your disposal for your meal, however, I thank you not to launch yourself in the large kitchen workshop but you can use dishes, microwave, dishwasher, store (neatly) food in the fridge. You have access to the large balcony of the apartment for a drink, rest etc. I am a passionate Parisian of my city a
11996	Private room in a residential district of Paris. You can have access to Free Wifi and use kitchen and washing machine any time you want!  You will be welcome by the hosts who speaks fluently english, spanish and...French!  Kitchen  Washing Machine  Bathroom  Toilet  Free Wifi  Parking  Television Videogames We are available for any request regarding your stay in Paris and make it as easy as possible! Family/Friendly neighborhood! You have St Charles Market at 1min walking distance which is open on Tuesday and Friday!  Metro: Line 10 Javel-Andre Citroen at 200m. Line 8 Boucicaut at 700m RER C Javel at 250m Velib' (parisian rental bike) at 200m.  .	Private Room for two in a 95 Square Meters flat in the 15th District. You will be welcome in this fully equipped apartment (Kitchen, Washing Machine..). You are at 15min walking distance of the Eiffel Tower!! 
11997	The residence is located a stone's throw from the Porte de Versailles exhibition center, the Aquaboulevard water park and the bustling neighbourhoods of the 15th arrondissement.  There is a car park available to guests (free) Apartment with 1 bedroom with 1 double bed and a living room with 1 double sofa bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and WC, television and WiFi.	4 people appartment in a modern and secured residence (Adagio appart'hotel) Ideal for Leisure and business The residence is located a stone's throw from the Porte de Versailles exhibition center, the Aquaboulevard water park and the bustling neighbourhoods of the 15th arrondissement.  There is a car park available to guests (free) Apartment with 1 bedroom with 1 double bed and a living room with 1 double sofa bed, equipped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub and WC, television and WiFi.
11998	"A patio terrace without vis-à-vis an exceptional view over the Invalides. The accommodation has 3 fully independent rooms, each with a bed 180x200 KingSize separable into two single 2 x (90 x 200) and a 3rd bedroom with a bed 160x200 QueenSize Each room has its own dressing room. Two rooms overlook the terrace and the living room that will let you take a good breakfast or dine leisurely getaway. It is also possible to have two extra seats sofa bed The apartment is located next to the Avenue de Breteuil where you can stroll and just two Metro stops from the famous ""Cheap"" the big grocery store in Paris. You are has 10 minutes from Saint Germain des Pres or the Porte de Versailles if you make a trade show (4 metro stations). In less than 15 minutes you will be on the Champs-Elysées The decor is elegant and refined, luxurious and contemporary pure Parisian style. The apartment is fully renovated. Enjoy moldings and pastries as well as pure Haussmann style chimneys that give it a special c"	"A patio terrace without vis-à-vis an exceptional view over the Invalides. The accommodation has 3 fully independent rooms, each with a bed 180x200 KingSize separable into two single 2 x (90 x 200) and a 3rd bedroom with a bed 160x200 QueenSize Each room has its own dressing room. Two rooms overlook the terrace and the living room that will let you take a good breakfast or dine leisurely getaway. It is also possible to have two extra seats sofa bed The apartment is located next to the Avenue de Breteuil where you can stroll and just two Metro stops from the famous ""Cheap"" the big grocery store in Paris. You are has 10 minutes from Saint Germain des Pres or the Porte de Versailles if you make a trade show (4 metro stations). In less than 15 minutes you will be on the Champs-Elysées The decor is elegant and refined, luxurious and contemporary pure Parisian style. The apartment is fully renovated. Enjoy moldings and pastries as well as pure Haussmann style chimneys that give it a special c"
11999		Proche métro porte de Vanves et porte de Versailles (parc expo) Proche quartier convention 15 min à pieds et Montparnasse 10min bus ou métro Quartier Georges Brassens parc à 2min Cuisine équipée salle de bain spacieuse lit confortable télé  Vous pouvez fumer dans la cuisine Bienvenue! Parc Georges Brassens et le marche aux livres le week end La maison mère de la boulangerie Poilâne Ses cafés avec terrasse un quartier sympa
