25200	In a building made safe by two codes and with a permanent house keeper, this Paris apartment is totally renovated and refurbished with very comfortable, modern furniture. It is a little jewel that you will just fall in love with. You first enter a small hall way, with a wall closet, and then head directly to this living room. This is equipped with a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further people to sleep here. The bedroom has two single beds, which can be put together to form one large double bed, and a large wall closet where all your stuff can be stored. The kitchen comes fully equipped and is open onto the living room, it can therefore be completely closed and unnoticeable. The bathroom has a very spacious walk in shower and contains the toilet. The decorator took real care in organizing the Paris flat and ensured  that it is a very pleasant place to stay. The colors and choice of paintings on the walls make this place unreal as it combines comfort, modernism and t	A short term Paris apartment on Daguerre Street that will make you believe you are within the heart of a tiny village and not of Paris. It combines comfort, modernism and traditionalism to make a charming place to rent in Paris. In a building made safe by two codes and with a permanent house keeper, this Paris apartment is totally renovated and refurbished with very comfortable, modern furniture. It is a little jewel that you will just fall in love with. You first enter a small hall way, with a wall closet, and then head directly to this living room. This is equipped with a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further people to sleep here. The bedroom has two single beds, which can be put together to form one large double bed, and a large wall closet where all your stuff can be stored. The kitchen comes fully equipped and is open onto the living room, it can therefore be completely closed and unnoticeable. The bathroom has a very spacious walk in shower and contains the to
25201	Nice apartment, with a lot of natural light : east/west orientation so you can take your breakfast in the sunlight and cook in the sunset.  There's a high-school on the street side, so no vis-a-vis during the summer !	Nice apartment, with a lot of natural light : east/west orientation so you can take your breakfast in the sunlight and cook in the sunset.  There's a high-school on the street side, so no vis-a-vis during the summer ! Don't hesitate to contact me for more information ! I know the neighborhood by heart as I lived there for 20 years. Charming neighborhood, with a pedestrian street nearby, the famous rue Daguerre, lot of shops and nice food around. Sightseeing : - Catacombs 4mn walk - Cartier foundation 8mn - Montparnasse Cemetery @ the end of the street - Henry Cartier Bresson Museum 7mn - Montsouris Park 12mn Very convenient for transportation ! - Rer B : direct line to CDG airport, 45mn - Metro line 6, 4 (Denfert Rochereau) and 13 (Gaité) : Champs Elysées, Invalides, Tour Eiffel... are only 15mn away ! - Gare Montparnasse : 10mn walk to the train station - Bus : 28 take you to St Lazare, 38 to Luxembourg Park, 68 to Opéra...
25202	The flat was entirely renewed 2 years ago with charming old style of a centenarian buiding (period fireplace, molding on the ceiling of the main bedroom, cut stone...). The open-plan kitchen is practical and totally equipped (oven, microwave, dishwasher) with qualitative and quantitative kitchen ustensils to cook. Canal+ and foreign channels are available on the TV and there is WIFI everywhere in the flat. 4 persons can easily eat on the bar of the open-flat kitchen or the living-room table (you can adjust the height, just like the 4 bar chairs). The mattress of the 2 double beds are recent and comfortable.	Lively, cultural and classy neighbourhood Montparnasse, in a quiet street. Totally equipped and renewed two-bedroom flat of 45m² with charming old style and continuous balcony facing due south. 2 comfortable bedrooms (8 and 12m²), open-plan kitchen.. The flat was entirely renewed 2 years ago with charming old style of a centenarian buiding (period fireplace, molding on the ceiling of the main bedroom, cut stone...). The open-plan kitchen is practical and totally equipped (oven, microwave, dishwasher) with qualitative and quantitative kitchen ustensils to cook. Canal+ and foreign channels are available on the TV and there is WIFI everywhere in the flat. 4 persons can easily eat on the bar of the open-flat kitchen or the living-room table (you can adjust the height, just like the 4 bar chairs). The mattress of the 2 double beds are recent and comfortable. Living Paris for 7 years and the neighbourhood for 4 years, I can advise you to have a pleasant stay fitted your expectations. And why
25203	This flat is very bright. It has many windows. It's on the fourth floor. It has a separate kitchen, which is fully equiped (gas cooker, oven, toaster, kettle, dish washer, fridge and freezer). The bathroom is spacious (bath and shower, washing machine). The bedroom is rather large and there is room in the cupboard. The living room has a large sofa which folds out into a double bed. So, the flat sleeps four people.	This flat suits up to four people. There is a separate bedroom and sofa bed in the living room. There is a big bathroom, with a bath. The kitchen is fully equiped (oven, gas cooker, toaster, kettle, fridge). Tea and coffee provided. The area is quiet This flat is very bright. It has many windows. It's on the fourth floor. It has a separate kitchen, which is fully equiped (gas cooker, oven, toaster, kettle, dish washer, fridge and freezer). The bathroom is spacious (bath and shower, washing machine). The bedroom is rather large and there is room in the cupboard. The living room has a large sofa which folds out into a double bed. So, the flat sleeps four people. This area is quiet yet charming. Enjoy walking in the smaller streets and going to the Parc Montsouris. Great bistros and restaurants. There are many supermarkets within walking distance, a cinema, and shops. Metro Alesia, line 4 (5 minute walk) Porte d'Orleans, line 4, buses, tramway (10 minute walk) Denfert Rochereau, lines 4 a
25204	The studio consists of:  - a nice living-room with a sofa bed of modern design, a TV, of course free Internet Wi-Fi access,  - a fully equipped and furnished kitchenette including fridge, microwave, a toaster, any dishes, etc.  - a bathroom including shower and toilets - a restroom equipped with a large comfortable bed The apartement also has a washing-machine	My apartment is a cosy, sunny and clean 33m2 studio. It is very well located in a typical Parisian shopping street, rue Daguerre, in the 14th arrondissement.
25205		Paris 14e Bel appartement de 50 m2, dans immeuble calme, tout équipé, idéal pour visiter Paris. Proche de Montparnasse, à 10 minutes à pied du métro Pernety, Denfert Rochereau et Alésia, nombreux commerçants dans le coin -réservation 3 nuits min. RER B, M 13, M 4, M6
25206	HOME : The 2 rooms appartment (40 square Merters/ 430 square Feet) is located at the end of a charming flowered courtyard, just 30 meters from the lively and typical RUE DAGUERRE (one of the discoverer of Photography !).  It is EXTREMELY QUIET in regards to street noise as it is at the end of of the courtyard / On GROUND LEVEL WITH NO STAIRS (easy access and safe for kids).  All the owners and tenants around are friendly, nice and respectful.  The place has very good vibes and the guests can easily feel comfy and at home.  It can easily fit a family with 2 kids, ideal for a family.  with the pull-out sofa, or 3 adults. A folding baby bed is at your disposal. The equipement and appliances are recent and are all at your disposal.   Kitchen is fully equiped with all kitchen tools - Fridge & Freezer  - Microwave  - Electric Induction  - Oven  -  Recent Electric Heaters    - Recent Washer & Dryer  -  Clean Bed Linen & Towels  -  Soap & Shampoo at your disposal  -  Towell hangdryer  -  HD Ca	Fonctionnel et extrêmement calme au fond d'une cour fleurie en marge de la Rue Daguerre.  Accès simple, direct et central pour tous transport CDG-ORLY-RER-Train-Métro. Un séjour en Famille (2 enfants) ou 3 adultes dans un Quartier-Village unique !!! HOME : The 2 rooms appartment (40 square Merters/ 430 square Feet) is located at the end of a charming flowered courtyard, just 30 meters from the lively and typical RUE DAGUERRE (one of the discoverer of Photography !).  It is EXTREMELY QUIET in regards to street noise as it is at the end of of the courtyard / On GROUND LEVEL WITH NO STAIRS (easy access and safe for kids).  All the owners and tenants around are friendly, nice and respectful.  The place has very good vibes and the guests can easily feel comfy and at home.  It can easily fit a family with 2 kids, ideal for a family.  with the pull-out sofa, or 3 adults. A folding baby bed is at your disposal. The equipement and appliances are recent and are all at your disposal.   Kitchen is
25207	You dream to live in the peace and you wake with the birdsong? What of more normal for Paris... It is a spacious and bright apartment exposed due south. Situated in the 4th floor with elevator, this apartment of a surface of 60 square meters includes all the comfort necessary for your stay. A room including a double bed A living room, with a dining table, a sofa of angle with meridian line. A bathroom with bathtub A kitchen, quite equipped (refrigerator, microwave oven, 4 patches, oven, washing machine) A facing south balcony. For your comfort, the linen will be at your disposal (sheets and towels(briefcases)) WiFi Internet connection. Placed Left bank, in 8 minutes on foot of the station(resort) Denfert Rocheau, lines 4/6 and RERB (direct access to the Orly airport and Roissy Charles de Gaulle). 2 stations vélib close by. The park Montsouris is in 2 minutes.  Possibility of coming you try and to settle at the airport. In 10 minutes in subway of the center of Paris and the major sites:	You dream to live in the peace and you wake with the birdsong? What of more normal for Paris... It is a spacious and bright apartment exposed due south. Situated in the 4th floor with elevator, this apartment of a surface of 60 square meters includes all the comfort necessary for your stay. A room including a double bed A living room, with a dining table, a sofa of angle with meridian line. A bathroom with bathtub A kitchen, quite equipped (refrigerator, microwave oven, 4 patches, oven, washing machine) A facing south balcony. For your comfort, the linen will be at your disposal (sheets and towels(briefcases)) WiFi Internet connection. Placed Left bank, in 8 minutes on foot of the station(resort) Denfert Rocheau, lines 4/6 and RERB (direct access to the Orly airport and Roissy Charles de Gaulle). 2 stations vélib close by. The park Montsouris is in 2 minutes.  Possibility of coming you try and to settle at the airport. In 10 minutes in subway of the center of Paris and the major sites:
25208		Lumineux, calme, traversant, parquet et hauts plafonds, cuisine équipée, douche et wc séparés, deux pas des commerces, ligne directe CDG et 3  gares. Métro Mouton Duvernet ; proche du marché et de parcs. 1 chambre + séjour.Loge 4 pers LIGNE 4 direction MONTROUGE station MOUTON DUVERNET RER direct depuis ROISSY CDG sortie Denfert Rochereau Orly bus depuis ou vers la station de RER Denfert Rochereau
25209	Living-room: sofa bed (190 cm X 140 cm), table and seats, coffee table, console and high stools. Flat screen TV, Internet WiFi connexion. Bedroom: double bed (200 cm X 140 cm), closet/wardrobe. Kitchen: 3 electric hotplates, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, oven, microwave, coffee maker, boiler... Bathroom: shower, bathtub, washing machine, hairdryer. Iron and ironing board, vacuum cleaner.	2 rooms, 40m² for 4 people, clear and very calm (looks onto a leafy courtyard), wholly renovated in 2014. 4th floor without elevator. Very handy : living-room, kitchen, bathroom (shower/bath and WC). Central heating. Wardrobe-closet. Living-room: sofa bed (190 cm X 140 cm), table and seats, coffee table, console and high stools. Flat screen TV, Internet WiFi connexion. Bedroom: double bed (200 cm X 140 cm), closet/wardrobe. Kitchen: 3 electric hotplates, fridge, dishwasher, toaster, oven, microwave, coffee maker, boiler... Bathroom: shower, bathtub, washing machine, hairdryer. Iron and ironing board, vacuum cleaner. Free WiFi, TV, washing machine, dishwasher...  There will always be someone to welcome you to the apartment. In order to provide you with the best possible service, Laurent sends you before your trip an email asking you to specify the arrival time in Paris and your means of transport (airport and flight number, train station and train number, car...). This information helps
25210	Cosy and charming apartment 3 rooms 540 sq. ft. South-east facing, vintage wooden floor, ancient fireplaces, nice moldings, balconies, close to shops and transport. 5 minutes from the metro Alesia (line 4). Direct line to Denfert-Rochereau, Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Saint-Michel, Chatelet, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord. Very nice area: 10 minutes from Parc Montsouris, 15 minutes from the Cité Internationale Universitaire. Linen (sheets, towels) provided. Everything needed for a baby can be made available (bed, linen, stroller, high chair, baby bathtub, etc.). Two bicycles available for excursions. IDEAL FOR A COUPLE WITH A BABY. Description of the rooms: - A bedroom (queen bed), courtyard. - A bedroom with large baby's bed (140 x 70cm) - A living-room with sofa bed for 2 people, street side (one-way street, very calm) - A bathroom with walk-in shower - A kitchen equipped with fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, induction plates, dishwasher, etc.. Check-in and check-out times ar	Cosy and charming apartment 3 rooms 540 sq. ft. South-east facing, vintage wooden floor, ancient fireplaces, nice moldings, balconies, close to shops and transport. 5 minutes from the metro Alesia (line 4). Direct line to Denfert-Rochereau, Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Saint-Michel, Chatelet, Gare de l'Est, Gare du Nord. Very nice area: 10 minutes from Parc Montsouris, 15 minutes from the Cité Internationale Universitaire. Linen (sheets, towels) provided. Everything needed for a baby can be made available (bed, linen, stroller, high chair, baby bathtub, etc.). Two bicycles available for excursions. IDEAL FOR A COUPLE WITH A BABY. Description of the rooms: - A bedroom (queen bed), courtyard. - A bedroom with large baby's bed (140 x 70cm) - A living-room with sofa bed for 2 people, street side (one-way street, very calm) - A bathroom with walk-in shower - A kitchen equipped with fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, induction plates, dishwasher, etc.. Check-in and check-out times ar
25211	The apartment  is located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century old building in a quiet, paved street. The building is equipped with an elevator. The kitchen has all necessary kitchen appliances.	This three rooms flat has the flair of a typical parisian appartment, while having been completely renovated with a modern touch. You will find it comfortable and cosy! The apartment  is located on the 3rd floor of a 19th century old building in a quiet, paved street. The building is equipped with an elevator. The kitchen has all necessary kitchen appliances. The apartment is 50m2 : a bedroom, a living room, kitchen and bathroom are available for you. Being parisian-born, I absolutely love this city! But I have also spent 20 years abroad in Germany, so I like to travel and discover other countries and cultures. I will be happy to give you informations if you need some. The flat is is located in Paris 'rive gauche' south of the Seine, in a very nice and authentic district, only a 15min walk away from artistic Montparnasse, where many artists still live until today. You will find international cooking, charming flowered streets (rue des Thermopyles), authentic markets (Villemain) and sho
25212	1 min de métro Alésia	The 40 sqm 1bedroom apartment is located on the ground floor of a typical Paris building on a quiet and safe street, ideally 200m from subway.Great for holiday or businees, t sleeps up to 4 people.  
25213	The flat has very nice volume: the living/dining room is a very large room, with a big comfy sofa, a dining table sitting 4 people, a nice kitchen little area. The bedroom is separated by a door and is fitting a double bed. Both rooms have large windows over a courtyard that is very calm. The bathroom/toilet is well equipped with a washing machine if needed. The furniture is nice and simple.	Charming flat with exposed beams, 1st floor on a small courtyard. Plenty of light and no noises. Very safe neighborhood in central Paris, Rive Gauche (Montarnasse). Easy to access and ideal location to access all key places to visit in Paris ;) The flat has very nice volume: the living/dining room is a very large room, with a big comfy sofa, a dining table sitting 4 people, a nice kitchen little area. The bedroom is separated by a door and is fitting a double bed. Both rooms have large windows over a courtyard that is very calm. The bathroom/toilet is well equipped with a washing machine if needed. The furniture is nice and simple. The full flat is for our guests I will always do the check-in myself so I can meet the guests in person and be super available if needed all along their stay (through phone or email) The neighbourhood is absolutely lovely: restaurants, bakeries and shopping places all around. You have a Monoprix across the street, and a super cute farmer's market in front of
25214	Bel appartement sur deux étages, puits de lumière dû à une grande verrière, beaucoup de charme. Au 8eme étage avec ascenseur et sans vis à vis, il offre une vue spectaculaire sur la tour Montparnasse, Montmartre et tout Paris ! Juste à coté de la rue piétonne et commerçante de la rue Daguerre, à dix minutes de l'Orly Bus et de la gare Montparnasse. Matelas Bultex pour passer une nuit douillette, iMac à disposition, Wifi 24h/24	Loft lumineux, agréable, petit perchoir de verdure dans Paris, vous serez au calme (on entend chanter les oiseaux) et proche des principaux transports vers les aéroports (RER B, Orlybus), les sites d'intérêt à Paris (Ile de la cité, St Michel...) Bel appartement sur deux étages, puits de lumière dû à une grande verrière, beaucoup de charme. Au 8eme étage avec ascenseur et sans vis à vis, il offre une vue spectaculaire sur la tour Montparnasse, Montmartre et tout Paris ! Juste à coté de la rue piétonne et commerçante de la rue Daguerre, à dix minutes de l'Orly Bus et de la gare Montparnasse. Matelas Bultex pour passer une nuit douillette, iMac à disposition, Wifi 24h/24 Matelas Bultex pour passer une nuit douillette, iMac à disposition, Wifi 24h/24
25215	Charmant studio, appartement typiquement parisien de 33m2, donnant sur jardin,  très calme.  Très bien agencé, pas de perte d'espace. Idéal pour 2/3 personnes.  Il se compose de :  - une chambre avec lit , 1 canapé lit, penderie indépendante, petit coin coiffeuse, table et chaises pliantes. - un salon avec TV écran plat et possibilité prise usb,  canapé, table basse  - cuisine américaine et toute équipée avec plaques électriques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un four micro-ondes, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, lave vaisselle, fer à repasser.  - très belle salle de douche avec wc. - Internet wifi gratuit.	Endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris, très confortable studio, toute commodités. Studio 33 m2, très calme, très clair, ensoleillé, ouest, belle vue sur jardin. Entièrement rénové, décoration moderne 8e ascenseur. wifi, Belle vue jardin. Bus, métro, tramway, vélos, hôpitaux. Charmant studio, appartement typiquement parisien de 33m2, donnant sur jardin,  très calme.  Très bien agencé, pas de perte d'espace. Idéal pour 2/3 personnes.  Il se compose de :  - une chambre avec lit , 1 canapé lit, penderie indépendante, petit coin coiffeuse, table et chaises pliantes. - un salon avec TV écran plat et possibilité prise usb,  canapé, table basse  - cuisine américaine et toute équipée avec plaques électriques, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un four micro-ondes, une bouilloire, un grille-pain, lave vaisselle, fer à repasser.  - très belle salle de douche avec wc. - Internet wifi gratuit. studio 33 m2 Draps et Serviettes de bain fournies je serais là pour vous accueillir, sinon, il y aura toujours une
25216	Appartement de 3 pièces comprenant une chambre à coucher avec lit double  un salon avec canapé-lit une salle-à-manger avec canapé-lit.  chaleureux et très lumineux,  confortable et central. trés bien desservi par Métros et Bus ligne 38, 68,88 .   	Situation idéale, au pied des Catacombes, du métro ligne 6 directe Champs-Elysées, ligne 4 directe Notre Dame, du RER B directe Aéroport Roissy et la navette pour Aéroport Orly.A 2 pas du jardin du Luxembourg du Panthéon ,de la Sorbonne  de la Seine. Appartement de 3 pièces comprenant une chambre à coucher avec lit double  un salon avec canapé-lit une salle-à-manger avec canapé-lit.  chaleureux et très lumineux,  confortable et central. trés bien desservi par Métros et Bus ligne 38, 68,88 .    Cuisine entièrement équipée Lave-linge, Lave-vaisselle, Micro-onde, cafetière bouilloire électrique grille-pain. Home Cinéma et télé dans séjour, télé dans chambre à coucher, lecteur de CD. Wifi .  vous pourrez nous joindre à tout moment par téléphone  Appartement au pied d'une rue piétonne très connue : La rue Daguerre, à 2 pas du cimetière du Montparnasse et de la rue De La Gaité avec ses théâtres et restaurants.  Metro L4 - L6 - RER B - Bus 38/68 
25217	Chris et Lauva vous accueillent avec plaisir dans leur appartement parisien. Construction des années 30 c'est un endroit calme. Proche du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles pratique pour les salons : agriculture, mariage, maison ... Facilités pour les transports en commun : Tramway T3a, métro porte d'Orléans (ligne 4), métro porte de Vanves (ligne 13). A proximité du périphérique nous ne sommes qu'à 15 mn de l'aéroport d'Orly ! Rapide d'accès pour le centre de Paris. Tour Montparnasse, Catacombes, tour Eiffel ... Elle aime les voyages, cuisiner, la musique, le cinéma. Il aime aussi voyager, sa cuisine, sa kindle, aller au cinéma avec elle :) Commodités pratiques de l'appartement : Propre, Wifi, TV, possibilité de laver son linge, serviettes de toilettes fournies, petit déjeuner à la Française compris dans le tarif. Il y a assez de restaurant dans Paris, mais si vous souhaitez dîner il suffit de demander, ce sera toujours moins cher et familial. Vous allez vous balader et be	Chris et Lauva vous accueillent avec plaisir dans leur appartement parisien. Construction des années 30 c'est un endroit calme. Proche du parc des expositions de la porte de Versailles pratique pour les salons : agriculture, mariage, maison ... Facilités pour les transports en commun : Tramway T3a, métro porte d'Orléans (ligne 4), métro porte de Vanves (ligne 13). A proximité du périphérique nous ne sommes qu'à 15 mn de l'aéroport d'Orly ! Rapide d'accès pour le centre de Paris. Tour Montparnasse, Catacombes, tour Eiffel ... Elle aime les voyages, cuisiner, la musique, le cinéma. Il aime aussi voyager, sa cuisine, sa kindle, aller au cinéma avec elle :) Commodités pratiques de l'appartement : Propre, Wifi, TV, possibilité de laver son linge, serviettes de toilettes fournies, petit déjeuner à la Française compris dans le tarif. Il y a assez de restaurant dans Paris, mais si vous souhaitez dîner il suffit de demander, ce sera toujours moins cher et familial. Vous allez vous balader et be
25218	This 44 square meters one bedroom flat is on the 7th and top floor (with a lift) of a classic 19th century parisian building. The two french windows of the livingroom lead to the balcony were you can enjoy the sun all day and a view on the rooftops. There is a separate kitchen and a bathroom with a shower. It's next to the Porte d'Orléans underground station and there is a lot of bus lines around (you can reach in 20 minutes the Quartier Latin and the Luxembourg) There are great restaurants and bars in the neighborhood, I will be happy to point them to you ! The price per night includes free Wi-Fi. 	One bedroom apartment overlooking the rooftops of the 14th district, full of light and books. You want to enjoy Paris but to sleep somewhere quiet ? You like to enjoy the sun while drinking your morning café ? This apartment is for you ! This 44 square meters one bedroom flat is on the 7th and top floor (with a lift) of a classic 19th century parisian building. The two french windows of the livingroom lead to the balcony were you can enjoy the sun all day and a view on the rooftops. There is a separate kitchen and a bathroom with a shower. It's next to the Porte d'Orléans underground station and there is a lot of bus lines around (you can reach in 20 minutes the Quartier Latin and the Luxembourg) There are great restaurants and bars in the neighborhood, I will be happy to point them to you ! The price per night includes free Wi-Fi. All the apartment, Free Wi-fi I will be in Paris the whole time, so I will be able to assist if needed. By Tube: line 4, Alésia or Porte d'Orléans stations 
25219		Charmant appartement, bien situé dans Paris 14ème, à proximité de nombreux transports en commun (Métro et bus à 200m, RER B à 300m) et commerces.  Appartement de 32m2, très confortable, 2 pièces, chambre avec lit double, salon avec un canapé lit, petite sdb  petit coin cusine fonctionnelle ouverte sur salon.
25220	Charmant et confortable appartement pour 2 personnes situé dans un quartier très vivant et pittoresque, à 10 mn de marche de Saint-Germain des Prés. Il y a du parquet ancien au sol, des moulures aux murs, le  mobilier est  neuf, le lit neuf et très confortable ( 180 cm de large.)	"Au coeur de Montparnasse avec ses théâtres, cinémas et cafés célèbres ,un accueillant et typique 2 pièces de 40 m2 . Entrée, salon, spacieuse chambre au calme sur cour. Proche de tous les transports et boutiques.Parking privé inclus (private parking included) Charmant et confortable appartement pour 2 personnes situé dans un quartier très vivant et pittoresque, à 10 mn de marche de Saint-Germain des Prés. Il y a du parquet ancien au sol, des moulures aux murs, le  mobilier est  neuf, le lit neuf et très confortable ( 180 cm de large.) Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'appartement Je suis à votre disposition pour rendre votre séjour le plus agréable possible. Un grand choix de distractions .Nombreuses terrasses de cafés sur une place à la fois vivante et calme. Nombreux théâtres, cinémas et restaurants à proximité immédiate, ainsi que tous commerces. L""appartement est à 5 minutes à pied de la gare Montparnasse, et à 1 minute du métro. Nombreux transports. Il y a un parking privé pour un "
25221	35 m2 with duplex	5 min from the well-know rue daguerre, 15 min from gare montparnasse and 8 min from denfert-rochereau 35 m2 with duplex All the appartement, except the host room I will give you, if possible, any help during your stay Very touristic area, with restaurants and bars around. You can also access many metro stations to go to the center Many metro stations around
25222		Cool apartment at Denfert Rochereau (right in the center of Paris).  Single bed + a double couch.  4th floor.  Big window with view on the Montparnasse Tower (highest tower in Paris after the Eiffel Tower).  Home cinema. Fully equipped.  I'll be available to answer any question you have about Paris or the area :-)  Denfert-Rochereau is a very active neighborhood. It's very eclectic, and you get most of Paris out of it. Plus, it's an easy access to everywhere you need to go ! Metro line 4 & 6 RER B Bus lines 38 / 68 / 88 and 216 Orly Bus
25223	I rent a nice private bedroom with a big and confortable in my apartement . situation 3nd, with (email hidden)d linen and towels included.Possible use of the  kitchenSituated near metro lines 4 & 13 and several bus lines make it easy to acces the whole of Paris.Outside Parks, Shops, cafes and restaurants all around.Easy acces from all train stations and from airports.The minimum stay is 2 days.I Thank you.	I rent a nice private bedroom with a big and confortable in my apartement . situation 3nd, with (email hidden)d linen and towels included.Possible use of the  kitchenSituated near metro lines 4 & 13 and several bus lines make it easy to acces the whole of Paris.Outside Parks, Shops, cafes and restaurants all around.Easy acces from all train stations and from airports.The minimum stay is 2 days.I Thank you.
25224	The room is approximatively 19 square meters, furnished with double bed, spacious desk, and drawers for clothing and storages with a lot of privacy. The architecture building is an old and beautiful design and the room is likewise with great light from a large window. Very quiet and calm, perfect to study or relaxe. 	Furnished room to rent near Denfert Rocherault and Montparnasse in a friendly calm district, with shops, bars, cinema and the best French bakery around the corner. There is a pool one metro stop away, and a beautiful park to relax very close by. The room is approximatively 19 square meters, furnished with double bed, spacious desk, and drawers for clothing and storages with a lot of privacy. The architecture building is an old and beautiful design and the room is likewise with great light from a large window. Very quiet and calm, perfect to study or relaxe. We will be sharing the kitchen and the bathroom. Sheets and towels are provided. The living room is a friendly space as well as my office: the access is possible only when I am available, which thanksfully happen sometimes! :-)  I live in the apartment and will be happy to interact and help you out with whatever comes out. I am easy going and I am looking for a likewise person. I am French speaking fluent English with very good unde
25225	Charming 2 rooms apartement (28m2) sur cour, very bright and quiet. Nice bedroom with a double bed, small bathroom with shower. Fitted kitchen with washing machine available. Free wi fi	Quiet and cosy apartement (2 rooms(1 bedroom), 28m2) located (email hidden)ly and attractive neighborhood. Close to 3 metrolines (6,4,13) and from RER B (direct for Orly and CDG airports). 3min by walk from the catacombes/ 10min by sub from the center of Paris and 12min from the effeiltower. Charming 2 rooms apartement (28m2) sur cour, very bright and quiet. Nice bedroom with a double bed, small bathroom with shower. Fitted kitchen with washing machine available. Free wi fi Tenants could use the washing machine and will have free access to the wifi. Sheets and towels are included. I Will be present for your arrival and Will be available by emails/phone during your stay Apartment located in a very lively area : lots of typical parisien's restaurants, bars and stores ( daguerre street) Close from theatres and movies ( Gaîté street) The cartier fondation and the catacombes are less than 5 minutes by walk from the apartement. Montparnasse's mall less than 12 minutes by walk 3 minutes by wa
25226	Logement sympa tout équipé et proche de tous les transport bus tram et metro	Logement sympa tout équipé et proche de tous les transport bus tram et metro je suis disponible pour toutes questions et bon plan dans Paris bus62 ou 38 métro 4 ou 13 tram 3
25227	"This apartment, renovated with ecological materials, is located at the heart of the 14th arrondissement. With an area of 48m2 and well exposed to the sun, it is in a calm street just beside the Pernety metro station and the liveliness of the Rue Raymond Losserand. Housing The apartment is a welcoming and elegant ""eagle's nest"" renovated in 2013 with ecological materials (paint, tiles, glazing on floor boards). It is situated on the fifth floor. The kitchen has also been completely redone. It is open to the dinning room and to the balcony which is south-facing with an unobstructed view. The bedroom is quiet, facing east and overlooking the building's courtyard. From the bathroom, you can see the pretty Rue Des Thermopyle, and all its greenery!"	"This apartment, renovated with ecological materials, is located at the heart of the 14th arrondissement. With an area of 48m2 and well exposed to the sun, it is in a calm street just beside the Pernety metro station and the liveliness of the Rue Raym This apartment, renovated with ecological materials, is located at the heart of the 14th arrondissement. With an area of 48m2 and well exposed to the sun, it is in a calm street just beside the Pernety metro station and the liveliness of the Rue Raymond Losserand. Housing The apartment is a welcoming and elegant ""eagle's nest"" renovated in 2013 with ecological materials (paint, tiles, glazing on floor boards). It is situated on the fifth floor. The kitchen has also been completely redone. It is open to the dinning room and to the balcony which is south-facing with an unobstructed view. The bedroom is quiet, facing east and overlooking the building's courtyard. From the bathroom, you can see the pretty Rue Des Thermopyle, and all its greene"
25228	Work shop studio (Modigliani used to leave in that flat in thesame building you also have Gauguin's work shop, nice history..) . It's a very charming place the building is in a cour, quiet, with a big glass wall. The area is very nice you're in saint germain des prés/jardin du luxembourg. Three stations to notre Dame de Paris .Lots of restaurants,cinema, cafe, taxis, bus, subway (ligne 6(six) 12 (twelve) 4 (four). It's a very warming place like me ! It includes internet, television, washing mashine, kitchen with all furnitures, a nice bathroom,  toilets separeted. It's really nice to discover Paris in that flat ! All commodities around..And the flat really got an artist spirit ! I have prepared everything for you to have the best experience in your life. I  hope you enjoy staying in my place.	Work shop studio (Modigliani used to leave in that flat in thesame building you also have Gauguin's work shop, nice history..) . It's a very charming place the building is in a cour, quiet, with a big glass wall. The area is very nice you're in saint germain des prés/jardin du luxembourg. Three stations to notre Dame de Paris .Lots of restaurants,cinema, cafe, taxis, bus, subway (ligne 6(six) 12 (twelve) 4 (four). It's a very warming place like me ! It includes internet, television, washing mashine, kitchen with all furnitures, a nice bathroom,  toilets separeted. It's really nice to discover Paris in that flat ! All commodities around..And the flat really got an artist spirit ! I have prepared everything for you to have the best experience in your life. I  hope you enjoy staying in my place.
25229		Dans un superbe immeuble ancien, chambre privée de 20m2. Lit 2 places, canapé 3 places, table à manger, enceintes de qualité si vous aimez la musique. A deux pas du métro, à 20min du centre ville, le quartier est calme et proche de tout commerce.
25230		Chambre privée donnant sur une terrasse, dans appartement familial. Lit deux places avec possibilité lit d'appoint pour un enfant. Kit petit dej, accès cuisine et salle de bain. Wifi. Dans le quartier de Montparnasse, central, tranquille. Avec tous transports (accès aéroports d'Orly et Charles de Gaulle) et commerces à proximité. Accès cuisine et salle de bain Wifi Metro Pernety (5 min a pied) ou Alesia (7 min a pied) Rer B station Denfert-Rochereau (10 min a pied) Bus 58 (3 min a pied), 38 (7 min) ...
25231	On 4th floor with elevator, very calm clear and sunny. One bedroom with bed which can be hidden on ceiling Double living room with 2 single and one double sofa beds. Very well equiped and newly refurbished. 100 m from Subway Alésia: Direct line 4 to center, Montparnasse, North and East station. RER direct to airports and Eurodysney. Tramway to Porte de Versailles and all around Paris 50m from all shops,and restaurants, supermarket in front. Great space to live with family!!!	On 4th floor with elevator, very calm clear and sunny. One bedroom with bed which can be hidden on ceiling Double living room with 2 single and one double sofa beds. Very well equiped and newly refurbished. 100 m from Subway Alésia: Direct line 4 to center, Montparnasse, North and East station. RER direct to airports and Eurodysney. Tramway to Porte de Versailles and all around Paris 50m from all shops,and restaurants, supermarket in front. Great space to live with family!!!
25232		Quartier résidentiel, très calme - Beaucoup de commerces (boulangeries, supermarchés, pharmacies, laveries...). Transports à proximité (Tram T3a/ RER B/Métro Glacière ligne 6/ Bus 21 et 67) - 
25233		Deux pièces dans un appartement typiquement parisien au coeur du 14 ème, confortables et idéalement situées pour découvrir Paris. Le quartier est à la fois calme et commerçant, proche du metro, de nombreuses lignes de bus et de la tour Eiffel.       
25234	Vous serez les bienvenus dans une chambre individuelle cosy et apaisante, composée d'un lit deux places, des placards de rangement, une TV privée et un petit bureau. Le linge de lit et des serviettes de bain sont a votre disposition dans la chambre. la chambre est lumineuse donnant sur une cour arborée et très calme sans vis a vis.  Espaces communs : le salon avec deux grands canapés, une TV câblée, internet (wifi). (pour des moments de convivialité)   la salle de bain est spacieuse avec baignoire, lavabo et les toilettes. la cuisine peut être utiliser pour y préparer votre petit déjeuner et repas si vous le souhaitez. You will be welcome in a single room cozy and soothing, consisting of a double bed, storage closets, a private TV and a small desk. Bed linen and towels are at your disposal in the room. the room is bright overlooking a wooded and quiet without opposite court. Public Areas: living room with two large sofas, cable TV, internet (wifi). (for moments of conviviality) the bat	Bienvenue chez moi, Je vous invite a vous installer dans une charmante chambre située au calme avec une vue donnant dans un petit jardin privatif et arborée. Seuls les oiseaux vous réveillerons le matin avec leurs gazouillis. Vous serez les bienvenus dans une chambre individuelle cosy et apaisante, composée d'un lit deux places, des placards de rangement, une TV privée et un petit bureau. Le linge de lit et des serviettes de bain sont a votre disposition dans la chambre. la chambre est lumineuse donnant sur une cour arborée et très calme sans vis a vis.  Espaces communs : le salon avec deux grands canapés, une TV câblée, internet (wifi). (pour des moments de convivialité)   la salle de bain est spacieuse avec baignoire, lavabo et les toilettes. la cuisine peut être utiliser pour y préparer votre petit déjeuner et repas si vous le souhaitez. You will be welcome in a single room cozy and soothing, consisting of a double bed, storage closets, a private TV and a small desk. Bed linen and t
25235	This T2 mezzanine of 32m ² is located Leonidas Street, in the 14th arrondissement. 3rd floor without elevator, your apartment can accommodate up to 4 people, ideal for 2. South facing, sunny all day with a quiet garden in front of the building. The main room, with wooden floors overlooking the street. It is furnished with a sofa bed (sleeps 2), a coffee table, a desk and a TV.  You will reach the room from the staircase leading to the mezzanine, where you will find a double bed (140 * 200) and large closets. There is also an attic to store your personal belongings. The fully equipped kitchen is fully independent and open space on a diner space and table. There are 4 hotplates, refrigerator, a freezer, an oven, a microwave oven, a coffee maker, a toaster and all the dishes for your stay. Tile / courtyard. The dining area space (parquet / courtyard) is furnished with a dining table, 4 chairs and 2 folding chairs, and a large closet. The bathroom, accessible from the main room offers a sh	This T2 mezzanine of 32m ² is located Leonidas Street, in the 14th arrondissement. 3rd floor without elevator, your apartment can accommodate up to 4 people, ideal for 2. South facing, sunny all day with a quiet garden in front of the building. The main room, with wooden floors overlooking the street. It is furnished with a sofa bed (sleeps 2), a coffee table, a desk and a TV.  You will reach the room from the staircase leading to the mezzanine, where you will find a double bed (140 * 200) and large closets. There is also an attic to store your personal belongings. The fully equipped kitchen is fully independent and open space on a diner space and table. There are 4 hotplates, refrigerator, a freezer, an oven, a microwave oven, a coffee maker, a toaster and all the dishes for your stay. Tile / courtyard. The dining area space (parquet / courtyard) is furnished with a dining table, 4 chairs and 2 folding chairs, and a large closet. The bathroom, accessible from the main room offers a sh
25236	Lovely and bright and at the second floor. It has been renovated with 4 large windows and whole new modern design. It has a living room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, 4 hotplates, oven, microwave and coffee maker as well as the related commodities) and a bathroom (walk in shower). We provide linens and towels. 	Located in a calm neibourhood by Didot street, this 40m2 apartment can conftorbly accommodate 3 people with a double bed and one single bed. It has a fully functional kitchen with all comodities and a walk-in shower in a nice deisgned bathroom.  Lovely and bright and at the second floor. It has been renovated with 4 large windows and whole new modern design. It has a living room, a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, 4 hotplates, oven, microwave and coffee maker as well as the related commodities) and a bathroom (walk in shower). We provide linens and towels. Travelers will have access to the entire apartment except a closet that stores personal belongings The building is secured : access to the hall is only possible with a badge. I personally welcome travelers between 2pm and 10pm I will also be available your whole stay by email and phone to answer any of your questions and help you have a the best stay possible in our lovely apartment. I speak English and a lit
25237	- Spacious 35m2 living room with two sofas - Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, oven, micro wave, Nespresso coffee machine, pans and stoves, etc. - Clean bathroom with regular size bath, oversized german-made rain shower-head, hand shower-head, shower screen. The choice is yours... - Two bedrooms, one being dedicated to baby(s) - Fully baby equipped: two cribs, high chair, baby bath (0-6 month and 6m-2y sizes available), changing table, potty, flatware, the smallest couch is baby proof :). Cupboards are locked. Although unmounted, the coffee table can be corner-protected. - Toilets (in case you ask... :) **Use of the convertible bed is subject to the additional guests fees** 	"Modern two bedroom apartment (72m2 / 772ft2) in a building from 1905. Ground floor with windows on the street and the back yard. Safe, quiet and lively neighbourhood. Great transportation options. - Spacious 35m2 living room with two sofas - Fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, oven, micro wave, Nespresso coffee machine, pans and stoves, etc. - Clean bathroom with regular size bath, oversized german-made rain shower-head, hand shower-head, shower screen. The choice is yours... - Two bedrooms, one being dedicated to baby(s) - Fully baby equipped: two cribs, high chair, baby bath (0-6 month and 6m-2y sizes available), changing table, potty, flatware, the smallest couch is baby proof :). Cupboards are locked. Although unmounted, the coffee table can be corner-protected. - Toilets (in case you ask... :) **Use of the convertible bed is subject to the additional guests fees**  - Internet with wifi - Entertainment: 46"" full HD smart TV (you can hook your hard drive "
25238		Beau studio calme et confortable, entièrement aménagé, dans le 14ème arrondissement.
25239		Very lively. Near Catacombes, Tour Montparnasse RER B, tube and buses. Station Denfert Rochereau. In july, rent only for 14 days. 700€ In august, daily and weekly rental.
25240	Nous mettons à votre disposition notre appartement pendant nos vacances. Avec son long balcon et sa belle terrasse au calme, notre appartement est parfait pour les petit-déjeuners en amoureux et les dîners aux chandelles ! L'appartement bénéficie d'une cuisine équipée (four traditionnel, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, four à micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, grille pain, bouilloire, ustensiles de cuisine, couverts...), d'une grande salle de bains avec une grande douche et lave-linge, et de WC séparés.	Adorable appartement de 57m², 2 pièces, situé au coeur du 14e arrdt, avec chambre séparée très calme (vue sur la verdure). Le salon est muni d'une grande baie vitrée ensoleillée (sud). Terrasse + balcon fleuris :) Photos plus représentatives à venir. Nous mettons à votre disposition notre appartement pendant nos vacances. Avec son long balcon et sa belle terrasse au calme, notre appartement est parfait pour les petit-déjeuners en amoureux et les dîners aux chandelles ! L'appartement bénéficie d'une cuisine équipée (four traditionnel, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, four à micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, grille pain, bouilloire, ustensiles de cuisine, couverts...), d'une grande salle de bains avec une grande douche et lave-linge, et de WC séparés. Le logement est entièrement mis à votre disposition. Nous fournissons draps, serviettes et torchons. Nous serons absents mais resterons joignables en cas de soucis ! L'appartement est situé dans le 14ème arrondissement, dan
25241		" Un 2 pièces de 45 m2 qui est situé dans le 14ème dans le sud de Paris, à 2min du métro ligne 4 station ""Alésia"", L'appartement est calme et très propre. "
25242		Grande piece douillete pres de la Coupole, a proximité du métro et de 3 arrêts de bus. A deux pas du Boulevard Montparnasse et des cinémas et cafés tres parisiens. 7eme etage avec ascenseur, clair et calme.
25243	very quiet and cozy	Appartment near to Montparnasse ( metro's lines 4,6,12,13)and Denfert Rochereau ( RER B). Cosy and charming in a lively and attractive neighborhood, where many cafes, restaurants, theaters can be found. Welcome to Paris! very quiet and cozy I would be glad to provide any recommendations on places to visit/dine in Paris  (bars, restaurants, main attractions, shopping, theater , typical french food...) and answer any queries. 7minutes walk to Montparnasse ( biggest tower in Paris,shopping center, bars, restaurants ...) and  Denfert Rochereau ( Catacombes etc...) Direct access from Roissy Charles de Gaulle ( RER B) and direct access from Orly   (Orly Bus) - around 40-50minutes, then you have just to walk 10minutes to reach the appartment. easy access to line's metro : - 7 minutes walk from Montparnasse where you can find lines 4,6 and 12 - line 13 : about 4 minute - 8 minutes walk from Denfert Rochereau (RER B, métros 4 and 6)
25244	C'est un logement très calme à 2 pas d'un quartier très vivant. Du 13 aout au 13 septembre, je loue au mois et peux faire un prix très avantageux!	Agréable et petit appartement en coloc dans un quartier convivial et plein de charme. L'appartement possède deux chambres, une cuisine et une salle de bain + Internet.  L'endroit est extrêmement bien desservi : RER B + métro 4 et 6 + bus à 5'. C'est un logement très calme à 2 pas d'un quartier très vivant. Du 13 aout au 13 septembre, je loue au mois et peux faire un prix très avantageux! Les hôtes ont accès à toutes les parties communes de l'appartement, à internet et il y a également un vélo que je peux prêter. J'essaierais (ou mon colocataire) au mieux de me rendre disponible à l'arrivée de voyageurs afin de répondre à leurs questions et de leurs donner des infos sur le quartier. Il y a également des guides et un plan de Paris et du métro à disposition dans l'appartement. L'appartement est situé dans une rue calme a deux pas d’un quartier touristique.  Le quartier Daguerre est à la fois sécurisant, vivant et chaleureux. Le logement est accessible à 5' à pied de la station Denfert Roc
25245		Très bien situé entre Denfert-Rochereau et Montparnasse, appartement (2 pièces) refait à neuf, calme, lumineux et bien équipé dans un quartier agréable aux rues piétonnes (Rue Daguerre) et commerçantes.
25246		Une grande chambre tres confortable a 5 mn de la coupole pour 2 personnes avec petit dejeuner a proximité du metro et de 3 lignes de bus. 
25247		2 pièces en plein cœur du 14ème, rue très calme, proche tous commerces et très facile d'accès. Chambre sur cour avec un lit pour 2 personnes, salon cosy, cuisine équipée, salle de bain, lave-linge, sèche linge... Idéal !
25248		"Three rooms, 47 m2, including 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a sofa-bed, Daguerre str. in  ""Daguerre village"", half pedestrian, 5 min from Montparnasse, Fondation Cartier and Catacombes, 15 min from Luxembourg. RER B, métro (lines 13, 6, 4). "
25249	L'appartement est composé de deux pièces, avec un salon/salle à manger avec un canapé-lit, une chambre avec un lit double, une salle de bain (toilettes et douche), et une cuisine (frigo, congélateur, four, four micro-onde, lave-linge).  Il est meublé et tout équipé! Il dispose d'une machine à laver le linge.  	Central apartment in Paris, very cosy, perfect for a couple visiting Paris. Fully equiped, it's my little cocoon in the French capital. I've been living there 5 years and will be pleased to host you and giving you tips to enjoy Paris. L'appartement est composé de deux pièces, avec un salon/salle à manger avec un canapé-lit, une chambre avec un lit double, une salle de bain (toilettes et douche), et une cuisine (frigo, congélateur, four, four micro-onde, lave-linge).  Il est meublé et tout équipé! Il dispose d'une machine à laver le linge. Les transports en commun sont proche de l'appartement. Il suffit de 7 minutes pour prendre le métro (lignes 4 et 6 - Denfert Rochereau ou Raspail ; et la ligne 13 Gaïté). Il est tout aussi proche du RER B, arrêt Denfert Rochereau qui desserre les deux aéroports parisiens (Orly et Roissy). L'Orly-bus s'arrête également à Denfert Rochereau.  Grâce à ces transports, vous serez à 10 min de Notre-Dame et le quartier Saint Michel; à 15min de la gare du Nord
25250		The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should you have any problem or need any suggestion as to where to go ! Have a nice stay in Paris !
25251	Notre très bon canapé-lit se trouve au cœur de notre appartement, dans le salon.  Celui-ci est spacieux, très lumineux et offre un cadre agréable pour se reposer.  Il n'y a pas de vis à vis direct.  Le canapé lit peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes et le salon offre la possibilité d'un lit-bébé. En vous accueillant dans notre appartement, nous vous laissons l'accès à la salle de bain (+WC) et à la cuisine.  Présents pour vous accueillir, nous serons ravis de partager avec vous un repas, un petit-déjeuner si vous le souhaitez. Une petite participation de 2,5€ par personne et par repas vous sera demandée.  Grâce à la station de métro toute proche (50 mètres), vous aurez accès à tout Paris, de quoi satisfaire votre curiosité.  Métro ligne 13, arrêt Plaisance Peu de places de parking disponibles à proximité. Bus n°62 arrêt Plaisance-Hopital Saint Joseph Pour sortir le soir ou pour les arrivées tardives, le Noctilien N63 vous ramènera facilement depuis la gare de Montparnasse. Vous êtes lib	Bonjour à vous, personne de passage sur Paris pour le travail, un voyage ou un moment touristique!  Nous vous accueillerons avec plaisir dans notre canapé lit (1-2 pers). L'appartement est très bien situé dans Paris (Station métro Plaisance ligne 13 en bas de l'immeuble). Notre très bon canapé-lit se trouve au cœur de notre appartement, dans le salon.  Celui-ci est spacieux, très lumineux et offre un cadre agréable pour se reposer.  Il n'y a pas de vis à vis direct.  Le canapé lit peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes et le salon offre la possibilité d'un lit-bébé. En vous accueillant dans notre appartement, nous vous laissons l'accès à la salle de bain (+WC) et à la cuisine.  Présents pour vous accueillir, nous serons ravis de partager avec vous un repas, un petit-déjeuner si vous le souhaitez. Une petite participation de 2,5€ par personne et par repas vous sera demandée.  Grâce à la station de métro toute proche (50 mètres), vous aurez accès à tout Paris, de quoi satisfaire votre curio
25252	Located on the 3rd floor of a very good standing building with lift. Access is secured by three locked doors: two with door codes and a third gate with intercom. All windows are double glazed. It will isolates you from the outside noise (particularly the noise caused by the passage of the aerial subway near the residence). All rooms open onto the backside of the building converted into a green space. Two of the bedrooms have a balcony overlooking this garden. Layout This charming 108 sqm (1150 sq ft) apartment was renovated in 2014, it has three separate bedrooms and can accommodate up to six people. The entrance hall first leads to a spacious main room. The living area is equipped with a comfortable corner sofa and a coffee table facing a large flat-screen television (with cable TV channels). The dining table will seat up to eight people (an extension is available in the apartment). A computer is at your disposal. It is equipped with scanner and color printer. You can also connect you	Charming 108 sqm apartment to rent two steps away from the Place Denfert Rochereau in Paris. Perfect for a family with three bedrooms and two bathrooms. Renovated in 2014.  Located on the 3rd floor of a very good standing building with lift. Access is secured by three locked doors: two with door codes and a third gate with intercom. All windows are double glazed. It will isolates you from the outside noise (particularly the noise caused by the passage of the aerial subway near the residence). All rooms open onto the backside of the building converted into a green space. Two of the bedrooms have a balcony overlooking this garden. Layout This charming 108 sqm (1150 sq ft) apartment was renovated in 2014, it has three separate bedrooms and can accommodate up to six people. The entrance hall first leads to a spacious main room. The living area is equipped with a comfortable corner sofa and a coffee table facing a large flat-screen television (with cable TV channels). The dining table will 
25253	A one bedroom apartment of 50 m2, well organized. You will find all the amenities : a bedroom with a real bed with sheets included.  Also, a bathroom with everything you need : shower, toilets, sink, hairdryer and even a washing machine. Finally, in the living room there is a double sofa bed that you can use (15€ per additional guest).	A one bedroom appt (50m2), well organized in the center of Paris. Situated in the famous and very friendly district of Montparnasse. 5 minutes away by walk from the Luxembourg garden, the subway, restaurants... The appt is fully furnished. A one bedroom apartment of 50 m2, well organized. You will find all the amenities : a bedroom with a real bed with sheets included.  Also, a bathroom with everything you need : shower, toilets, sink, hairdryer and even a washing machine. Finally, in the living room there is a double sofa bed that you can use (15€ per additional guest). I will not be present during your stay, in order to give you full access. However, I'll give you the keys and try to be there when you'll leave. The apartment is located in a very lovely neighborhood.  You will find everything you need such as supermarkets, drugstores, restaurants, bars, cinemas, marketplace, stores, ... Also there are lot of places to visit nearby. Concerning the public transports, this neighborhood i
25254	Cozy apartment with a beautiful view to a garden and excellent location is very well located on Paris’s Left Bank in Montparnasse. Easy access to the metro, bus station and train stations - 2 mins walking distance. The studio is modern and comfortable (max capacity is 4 people), it includes: 1 twin size bed, 1 sofa for 2 people, TV, free internet access, tea and coffee-making facilities,  washing machine and hairdryer.  Great location across the street from grocery stores and restaurants specializes in French and international cuisine for lunch, dinner or breakfast.	Cozy apartment with a beautiful view to a garden and excellent location is very well located on Paris’s Left Bank in Montparnasse. Easy access to the metro, bus station and train stations - 2 mins walking distance. Direct bus from CDG or Orly airport Cozy apartment with a beautiful view to a garden and excellent location is very well located on Paris’s Left Bank in Montparnasse. Easy access to the metro, bus station and train stations - 2 mins walking distance. The studio is modern and comfortable (max capacity is 4 people), it includes: 1 twin size bed, 1 sofa for 2 people, TV, free internet access, tea and coffee-making facilities,  washing machine and hairdryer.  Great location across the street from grocery stores and restaurants specializes in French and international cuisine for lunch, dinner or breakfast.
25255	spaceful double living room with little terasse you can have breakfast on. large bedroom with personal bathroom and toilets. Long and comfortable couch where one person can easily sleep on. Free wifi available.	Very functional 53m2 flat, in the heart of Paris lightful with little cosy terrasse between the trees Calm, ideal to chill out but very close to lots of facilities (supermarket, metro, RER, bus, boulangerie, banks...) Safe neighbourhood Free wifi spaceful double living room with little terasse you can have breakfast on. large bedroom with personal bathroom and toilets. Long and comfortable couch where one person can easily sleep on. Free wifi available. Don't hesitate to contact me by mail or phone whenever you need. quiet and stylish neighborhood. All facilities very close: supermarket, bank and pressing just below the appartement in the same street. Metro, city train, tramway and buses just 5 min walk linking to all monuments of Paris. A pharmacy is located place Alesia and many bar restaurants are located around here. Lots of restaurants in the area in particular a little cosy bar restaurant i would recommand: le verre siffleur. you can get easily to the appartement from both airpor
25256	Charmant appartement , spacieux et ensoleillé , avec un grand balcon permettant de manger au soleil ou de s'y détendre ; le mobilier est art déco , il y a 4 couchages : 1 lit double et deux lits simples , avec possibilité d'en rajouter . Le linge de maison est fourni : serviettes et draps ; ainsi qu'un accès internet en Wifi haut débit . la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire , le tout est très fonctionnel .	Un appartement trés coquet et chaleureux , au 6 eme étage avec ascenseur , très ensoleillé avec un beau balcon permettant de profiter du soleil en mangeant ; calme et douillet , disposant de toutes les commodités , vous vous y sentirez chez vous ... Charmant appartement , spacieux et ensoleillé , avec un grand balcon permettant de manger au soleil ou de s'y détendre ; le mobilier est art déco , il y a 4 couchages : 1 lit double et deux lits simples , avec possibilité d'en rajouter . Le linge de maison est fourni : serviettes et draps ; ainsi qu'un accès internet en Wifi haut débit . la salle de bain dispose d'une baignoire , le tout est très fonctionnel . Vous avez accés à l'ensemble de l'appartement , en respectant biensur les objets accessoires que vous y trouverez . nous sommes à votre entière disposition bien entendu pour regler par téléphone ou physiquement tout problème éventuel . l'appartement est situé dans le 14 eme arrondissement , très proche du métro , du tramway , de nombr
25257	Un 3 pièces très agréables avec un grand salon et une terrasse dans un quartier tranquille, ambiance à la fois branchée et familiale. Très central, à quelques stations de métro des principaux sites. Boutiques, restaurants, et le célèbre parc Montsouris à deux pas !	Grand 3 pièces avec un grand salon, 2 chambres, une terrasse, une cuisine agréable et une salle de bains avec baignoire. Un canapé-lit est à votre disposition dans le salon. La chambre de notre fils a un lit pour bébé mais aussi un vrai lit. Un 3 pièces très agréables avec un grand salon et une terrasse dans un quartier tranquille, ambiance à la fois branchée et familiale. Très central, à quelques stations de métro des principaux sites. Boutiques, restaurants, et le célèbre parc Montsouris à deux pas ! Profitez de notre appartement parisien de 80 m2 dans un quartier très, très sympa. Il y a trois pièces. Au premier étage d'un immeuble parisien très sûr.  L'appartement est frais en été et chaud l'hiver. Beaucoup de lumière à l'étage grâce à de grandes baies vitrées. Nous avons beaucoup de livres.  Accès Internet fourni. La salle de bains dispose d'une baignoire. La cuisine est très bien équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner (frigo, congélateur, cuisinière, robot ménager, lave-va
25258	Charming 2-story private house in heart of Paris. French doors of living room open onto your own garden courtyard. We have many movies, books, maps, and games. We provide free wireless internet and laundry facilities.  Just off colorful pedestrian market street (Daguerre), bustling with restaurants, shops and stands. Within a 5 minute walk is the Mairie (town hall), a swimming pool, a library, cinemas and parks. 20 minute walk to Luxembourg Garden and Parc Montsouris, 10 minute walk to theaters and cinemas of Montparnasse. At Denfert-Rochereau metro/RER stop: RER B goes directly to CDG and Orly airports, metro lines 4 and 6 provide easy access to most parts of Paris.	Stay with my son and me during the week! Our Parisian apartment is very conveniently located for access to all educational institutions (Universities, ENS, Sciences Po, Alliance Francaise ...), transportation (CDG and Orly airports, metro, RER ...) Charming 2-story private house in heart of Paris. French doors of living room open onto your own garden courtyard. We have many movies, books, maps, and games. We provide free wireless internet and laundry facilities.  Just off colorful pedestrian market street (Daguerre), bustling with restaurants, shops and stands. Within a 5 minute walk is the Mairie (town hall), a swimming pool, a library, cinemas and parks. 20 minute walk to Luxembourg Garden and Parc Montsouris, 10 minute walk to theaters and cinemas of Montparnasse. At Denfert-Rochereau metro/RER stop: RER B goes directly to CDG and Orly airports, metro lines 4 and 6 provide easy access to most parts of Paris. Kitchen, living room and bicycle We can interact as much or as little as gu
25259	Ce studio de 15 m² est situé en plein cœur du quartier du Montparnasse historique au milieu d’anciens ateliers d’artistes (peintres, sculpteurs…) Situé au rez-de-chaussée dans un ensemble de bâtiments historiques verdoyant, il est très lumineux et calme. Proche de la Closerie des lilas, de la Coupole, de la fondation Cartier, du jardin du Luxembourg et de la tour Montparnasse, il est également très bien desservi par les métros et bus.   Ce logement est entièrement rénové et meublé dans une ambiance chaleureuse en bois de bouleau. Le confort est assuré par une cuisine tout équipée avec réfrigérateur, plaque à induction, lave vaisselle, lave linge, etc ...  La salle de bain est équipée d’une douche, lavabo, wc et sèche serviette.  Trois couchages sont possibles avec en bas un canapé lit de 190X140cm et un lit simple de 190X90cm sur une mezzanine. L’autre partie de la mezzanine est conçue en espace de rangement. Dans l’entrée vous trouverez une penderie ainsi que des étagères. Télévision 	Ce studio de 15 m² est situé en plein cœur du quartier du Montparnasse historique au milieu d’anciens ateliers d’artistes (peintres, sculpteurs…) Situé au rez-de-chaussée dans un ensemble de bâtiments historiques verdoyant, il est très lumineux et calme. Proche de la Closerie des lilas, de la Coupole, de la fondation Cartier, du jardin du Luxembourg et de la tour Montparnasse, il est également très bien desservi par les métros et bus.   Ce logement est entièrement rénové et meublé dans une ambiance chaleureuse en bois de bouleau. Le confort est assuré par une cuisine tout équipée avec réfrigérateur, plaque à induction, lave vaisselle, lave linge, etc ...  La salle de bain est équipée d’une douche, lavabo, wc et sèche serviette.  Trois couchages sont possibles avec en bas un canapé lit de 190X140cm et un lit simple de 190X90cm sur une mezzanine. L’autre partie de la mezzanine est conçue en espace de rangement. Dans l’entrée vous trouverez une penderie ainsi que des étagères. Télévision 
25260	A cozy and beautiful room in a big flat located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. The nearest subway station is Alèsia, only 5min by walk. One big bed and in the corridor bathroom shower,wi fii. We have a big cat...hope you're not allergic! If is it, don't worry we can manage a solution!	A room just for you in our calm sunny and cozy flat in Paris! The nearest subway station is Alèsia, only 5min by walk. Private bathroom and shower. Wi-fi :) A cozy and beautiful room in a big flat located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. The nearest subway station is Alèsia, only 5min by walk. One big bed and in the corridor bathroom shower,wi fii. We have a big cat...hope you're not allergic! If is it, don't worry we can manage a solution! You will have access to all the conforts that you need, just ask us! We are at your total disposition for any question about our flat and about all the suggestions to visit this beautiful city :) The flat is located in the fourteenth district of Paris and it's only two minutes by walk to the subway station Alesia. It's a calm district with all the conforts that you want: the french bar  and disco to take a drink with friends and all kind of restaurants. You will also find all the markets that you need: the big supermarket, the vegan market or th
25261	très bien située, gare métro bus taxi, 5mn à pied restaurants, théâtre, cinémas, boutiques. Alimentation au pied de la résidence. Une superbe vue dégagée et vous pouvez prendre les repas sur la terrasse du balcon	 Montparnasse, studio 28m2, dans une résidence de standing, calme, salle de bains avec baignoire et WC kitchenette équipée. pièce principale donnant sur un balcon, 2mn, gare Montparnasse,bus, métro, commerces, restaurants, cinémas théâtre, INTERNET I très bien située, gare métro bus taxi, 5mn à pied restaurants, théâtre, cinémas, boutiques. Alimentation au pied de la résidence. Une superbe vue dégagée et vous pouvez prendre les repas sur la terrasse du balcon accès côté rue avec une rampe pour les valises 4 ascenseurs je suis toujours présente pour accueillir les voyageurs quartier calme, et proche de toutes les activités,  Proche de ST germain des près e de la tour Montparnasse, quartier de la gaité  Métro, bus,gare , taxi au pied de la résidence, navette aéroport; Possibilité d'un parking privé avec un supplément
25262	We are situated inside Paris, at the south. The place is very easily reachable by direct RER (some kind of train, stops at the top of Montsouris) or bus (even better, as it stops right down the street) from both airports. The center of Paris is about 30 minutes away by bicycle (vélib', 1,70€/day), bus, metro or RER.  Where we are, it is very quiet :) I've been living in Paris for almost 30 years and I've never been in such a quiet place! You can sleep with open windows and not hear a sound. Your room has a door with a key, the kitchen is available and you'll have a spot in the refrigerator. Two minutes away, Montsouris is a beautiful and large park, hardly ever full (unlike other parks, I'm looking at you, Monceau!), with wildlife and plenty of plants. Always a good spot to relax after a day of visits, or for a drink. At Denfert Rochereau (10mins by foot), you'll find the entrance to visit the catacombs, and right next to it there is the Daguerre street (famous for food, everything fro	Greetings travellers! Paris is great, Paris never sleeps... but you do! Our place is right next to one of the biggest park of the city, it is very quiet. Enjoy the daily activities and come back to relax at night :) Marine & Louis We are situated inside Paris, at the south. The place is very easily reachable by direct RER (some kind of train, stops at the top of Montsouris) or bus (even better, as it stops right down the street) from both airports. The center of Paris is about 30 minutes away by bicycle (vélib', 1,70€/day), bus, metro or RER.  Where we are, it is very quiet :) I've been living in Paris for almost 30 years and I've never been in such a quiet place! You can sleep with open windows and not hear a sound. Your room has a door with a key, the kitchen is available and you'll have a spot in the refrigerator. Two minutes away, Montsouris is a beautiful and large park, hardly ever full (unlike other parks, I'm looking at you, Monceau!), with wildlife and plenty of plants. Always
25263	Located in a high-end early 1920s building, this clean and tidy appartment is home to two working young ladies. In addition to their private room, guests will have access to a fully equipped kitchen, with state-of-the-art cooking gear; a shared bathroom with a bathtub and a washing machine; and a spacious living room where it is possible to watch TV or movies on a projector, play table-tennis or relax on the sofas. The living-room has a balcony as well.	This large, comfortable and sunny double room is located in a classy building, a few strides from the Denfert-Rochereau station. It includes a queen-size double bed, lots of storage space, two desks and comes with full access to the flat's equipment. Located in a high-end early 1920s building, this clean and tidy appartment is home to two working young ladies. In addition to their private room, guests will have access to a fully equipped kitchen, with state-of-the-art cooking gear; a shared bathroom with a bathtub and a washing machine; and a spacious living room where it is possible to watch TV or movies on a projector, play table-tennis or relax on the sofas. The living-room has a balcony as well. Although working most of the day for most of the week, your hosts have excellent knowledge of their city and their neighborhood and will be happy to offer you advice and recommendations. Located in the less crowded but authentically Parisian 14th arrondissement, the flat is close to the hea
25264	Sorry for my bad english I offer my spacious 55m2 apartment located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris consists of two bedrooms (2 double bed), lounge, fitted kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave, etc.), bathroom , individual toilet.  Sofa bed if you are more than four. 2nd floor Metro 4, 6 and 13 - RER B (20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, 25 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg or 10 minutes from Montparnasse). Contact me for more information. 	Sorry for my bad english I offer my spacious 55m2 apartment located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris consists of two bedrooms (2 double bed), lounge, fitted kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave, etc.), bathroom , individual toilet.  Sofa bed if you are more than four. 2nd floor Metro 4, 6 and 13 - RER B (20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, 25 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg or 10 minutes from Montparnasse). Contact me for more information. M4 - Mouton Duvernet : walking distance 5min M4 - Alésia : walking distance 10min M13 - Pernety : walking distance 10min RER B, M4 & M6 - Denfert Rochereau : walking distance 10-15min Many buses just in front of the apartment as well. Really easy to go to Montparnasse or even in the center of the city with bus. one really good website / application for transport : VIANAVIGO
25265	Metro Perenty (ligne 13), à 13 min à pied de Gare Montparnasse et des Cars Airfrance pour Roissy ou 15 min à pied de Orlybus.  Studio 24 m2 dans ancien immeuble typiquement Parisien. Avec fenêtres anti-bruit. Grands nombres de petits commerçants aux bons produits, et très bons restaurants. Quartier très agréable, et touristique. Pièce à vivre : couchage (matelas bultex très confortable), rangements, TV, internet Coin repas, cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, plaques, micro-ondes, four,  lave vaisselle) Salle d'eau (avec lave- linge) Linge fourni. Non fumeur. Pas d'animaux Location à la semaine. Possibilité de s'arranger pour décaler des dates. Cordialement. 	Metro Perenty (ligne 13), à 13 min à pied de Gare Montparnasse et des Cars Airfrance pour Roissy ou 15 min à pied de Orlybus.  Studio 24 m2 dans ancien immeuble typiquement Parisien. Avec fenêtres anti-bruit. Grands nombres de petits commerçants aux bons produits, et très bons restaurants. Quartier très agréable, et touristique. Pièce à vivre : couchage (matelas bultex très confortable), rangements, TV, internet Coin repas, cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, plaques, micro-ondes, four,  lave vaisselle) Salle d'eau (avec lave- linge) Linge fourni. Non fumeur. Pas d'animaux Location à la semaine. Possibilité de s'arranger pour décaler des dates. Cordialement. Vous avez accès à gare Montparnasse en 15 min à pied. A 100 m de la station Pernety. A 10 minutes d'Orlybus ou Roissybus. 
25266	Hello, I rent a beautiful apartment in the 3rd floor with elevator. It is very bright (painting  has just been redone) and calms . It consists of a big stay dining room, of 2 rooms with double beds, a kitchen fully furnished  and of a shower-room with a bathtub. It is also possible to sleep on the sofas which are in the living room. I give bed sheets as well as linen of bath. A washing machine, a dishwasher as well as an INTERNET AND TV connection optical fiber with WiFi Access are given. The apartment is non-smoking and only the small dogs are accepted. Close 14th City hall and Montparnasse in a street very commercante and one of the most livened up(most led) of Paris. There is numerous restaurants, shops, cinemas and supermarkets. Subway near is (Alesia-Pernety) in 15 minutes of Châtelet. - Parking lot (2 cars) - Complete instructions in French and English. - Rent weekly (minimum 5 days)	Hello, I rent a beautiful apartment in the 3rd floor with elevator. It is very bright (painting  has just been redone) and calms . It consists of a big stay dining room, of 2 rooms with double beds, a kitchen fully furnished  and of a shower-room with a bathtub. It is also possible to sleep on the sofas which are in the living room. I give bed sheets as well as linen of bath. A washing machine, a dishwasher as well as an INTERNET AND TV connection optical fiber with WiFi Access are given. The apartment is non-smoking and only the small dogs are accepted. Close 14th City hall and Montparnasse in a street very commercante and one of the most livened up(most led) of Paris. There is numerous restaurants, shops, cinemas and supermarkets. Subway near is (Alesia-Pernety) in 15 minutes of Châtelet. - Parking lot (2 cars) - Complete instructions in French and English. - Rent weekly (minimum 5 days)
25267	This is a great big studio located south of Paris, next to major metro stations such RER & Metro Denfert Rochereau - Metro Alesia & Metro Saint Jacques.	Rare modern building in the 75014 with elevator and garage. Great studio with Parisians rooftop view on the 9th floor. Private bathroom and well equipped kitchen. Wonderful desk and great living area. Great are next to Montsouris Park This is a great big studio located south of Paris, next to major metro stations such RER & Metro Denfert Rochereau - Metro Alesia & Metro Saint Jacques. Keys will be with the guardian, all information about the apartment will be send sent by @ previous arrival. Next to one of the best parks in Paris Montsouris, the Catacombs of Paris also stores and restaurants, supermarkets and Fondation Cartier, major avenues such Avenue de l'Observatoire which takes you directly to Saint Michel  and the Latin Quater also Jardin du Luxemburg. Metro Alesia Metro Denfert Rochereau Metro Saint Jacques RER Denfert Rochereau directly from all airports
25268	"Hello, i'm renting a studio i a have in the 14th arrondissement. 2 days minimum or more. It's a very charming place with a beautiful view on the arrondissement. - Size : 38 m2  - ideal pour un couple - nicely furnished and clean - Fridge/ADSL wifi/ TV - the kitchen is fully equiped - be careful, 6th floor, no elevator - very nice terrasse (which makes the place exceptional), with all the necessities for eating outside at night with a fantastic view over the arrondisement. - all included (linens, toilet furniture…) Please have a look at the photos : (website hidden) (website hidden) One of my guest posted a video about the studio last year, you can see it here :  (website hidden)_pad.php  Le 14eme arrondissement is Rive Gauche (left bank), very near Montparnasse, without the crowd... 5 minutes walk from ""Gaitée"" area through the Montparnasse cemetery. And the studio is in the ""Quartier Daguerre"", a very renowned Parisian place. 10 minutes walk from Port Royal and the Luxembourg Garden ("	"Hello, i'm renting a studio i a have in the 14th arrondissement. 2 days minimum or more. It's a very charming place with a beautiful view on the arrondissement. - Size : 38 m2  - ideal pour un couple - nicely furnished and clean - Fridge/ADSL wifi/ TV - the kitchen is fully equiped - be careful, 6th floor, no elevator - very nice terrasse (which makes the place exceptional), with all the necessities for eating outside at night with a fantastic view over the arrondisement. - all included (linens, toilet furniture…) Please have a look at the photos : (website hidden) (website hidden) One of my guest posted a video about the studio last year, you can see it here :  (website hidden)_pad.php  Le 14eme arrondissement is Rive Gauche (left bank), very near Montparnasse, without the crowd... 5 minutes walk from ""Gaitée"" area through the Montparnasse cemetery. And the studio is in the ""Quartier Daguerre"", a very renowned Parisian place. 10 minutes walk from Port Royal and the Luxembourg Garden ("
25269	A deux pas de la rue de la Gaité dans le quartier Montparnasse de Paris. Dans une rue tranquille, charmant 2 pièces récement réformé au 3ième étage sans ascenseur Attention: appartement non fumeur	A few steps from the Rue de la Gaite in the Montparnasse district of Paris.  In a quiet, charming 2 bedroom recently renovated 3rd floor without lift  Warning: non-smoking
25270		Chambre de charme, au grand calme avec fenêtre donnant sur cour intérieure, dans appartement de style avec parquet, cheminées et moulures. Situé au premier étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, avec tout le confort nécessaire.
25271	Le studio se trouve en face d'un square où il est agréable de s'y refugier.  Proche du métro (4min. a pied) nombreux commerces: 4 boulangeries/patisseries,  2 tabac,  1 Dia, 1 franprix, 1 monoprix, deux épiceries de nuits, 3 brasseries (tout ca a moins de 4minutes à pieds)	Bonjour,  mon studio est idéalement situé en plein Paris, proche de Montparnasse ( a 2 arrets de métro) et 10min. à pieds.  Dans un quartier calme et sécurisé avec de nombreux commerces dont une pharmacie juste en bas de l'immeuble.  Le studio se trouve en face d'un square où il est agréable de s'y refugier.  Proche du métro (4min. a pied) nombreux commerces: 4 boulangeries/patisseries,  2 tabac,  1 Dia, 1 franprix, 1 monoprix, deux épiceries de nuits, 3 brasseries (tout ca a moins de 4minutes à pieds) Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'appartement Je ne serai pas présente dans le logement mais a disposition de ces derniers pour toutes questions La tranquilité et la proximité avec les points clés de Paris. Par le métro ligne 4 direction Montrouge.  Arret Mouton-Duvernet. Par le bus ligne 28. Arret avenue du Maine. Par le bus ligne 58: arret rue des plantes
25272	Très bien situé, l'appartement se trouve dans une cour, au calme de l'agitation parisienne.  La chambre dispose d'un grand lit double, avec matelas et oreillers à mémoire de forme. 	Très bien situé, l'appartement se trouve dans une cour, au calme de l'agitation parisienne.  La chambre dispose d'un grand lit double, avec matelas et oreillers à mémoire de forme.  L'appartement est composé d'une grande chambre avec un lit double, un salon avec un canapé dépliable et une cuisine, une salle de bain et WC. Si besoin, nous pouvons vous mettre un ordinateur à disposition.  Nous parlons français, anglais et espagnol et serons ravis de vous accueillir dans notre appartement.  Le quartier est très agréable. Restaurants, théâtres, cinémas, boutiques... tout est à porté de main!  Transports directs des aéroports de Paris (RER pour Charles de Gaulle et bus pour Orly). Plusieurs de lignes de métro sont disponibles à moins de 10 minutes à pied facilitant tous vos déplacements dans Paris. 
25273	Comfortable and fully furnished two room flat (30m²) at Montparnasse with:  - a room with a double sofa bed , a second sofa, TV stand and various storage places; - a living room with an equipped kitchen (gas stove , microwave , oven), a washing machine and a table for two people; - A bathroom with shower, sink and toilet; - TV and Internet	Comfortable and fully furnished two room flat (30m²) at Montparnasse with:  - a room with a double sofa bed , a second sofa, TV stand and various storage places; - a living room with an equipped kitchen (gas stove , microwave , oven), a washing machine and a table for two people; - A bathroom with shower, sink and toilet; - TV and Internet The entire property is available. Welcoming tavellers.  Person on site for any difficulty. The flat is located in Pernety / Plaisance district in the heart of the 14th arrondissement . It has a lively neighborhood with lots of shops. It is very close to Montparnasse ( 10 minutes walk ) and to hyper- central areas of the 6th and 5th arrondissement. Metro Pernety / Plaisance (line 13) Metro Raspail (line 4/6) and Metro Vavin (line 4) RER B Port Royal or Denfert -Rochereau Montparnasse train station  Bike share stations very close to the apartment
25274		Duplex de 29m2 très confortable pouvant héberger 2 personnes. L appartement se trouve au dernier étage et comporte une grande verrière qui apporte beaucoup de luminosité. Belle vue sur les toits de Paris. A deux pas de la station Pernety ( ligne 13) et Alésia ( ligne 4) Metro pernety a 300 m (m13)  Metro alesia (m4) Bus 58 et 72 a 100m Quartier vivant proche de Montparnasse, commerces d alimentation à proximité, cinéma, vélib, metro Metro pernety a 300 m (m13)  Metro alesia (m4) Bus 58 et 72 a 100m
25275	Le logement se compose d'une chambre spacieuse de 15 mètres carré avec un lit double confortable. Dans le séjour,  une TV avec box et un canapé d'angle. La cuisine américaine, équipée d'une hotte et ouverte sur le séjour contient  bouilloire, grille-pain, four... Vous pourrez aussi vous préparer votre petit-déjeuner avec tous les produits nécessaires (café, thé, jus d'orange, pain, beurre, confiture).  Enfin, la salle de bain avec douche et les toilettes. Le quartier est animé avec tous types de commerces et calme à la fois.	Mon logement est situé dans le 14 ème arrondissement de Paris, à 5 minutes à pied de la place Denfert-Rochereau. La chambre spacieuse et lumineuse se trouve dans un appartement de 37 mètres carré au 2 ème étage d'une résidence très calme. Le logement se compose d'une chambre spacieuse de 15 mètres carré avec un lit double confortable. Dans le séjour,  une TV avec box et un canapé d'angle. La cuisine américaine, équipée d'une hotte et ouverte sur le séjour contient  bouilloire, grille-pain, four... Vous pourrez aussi vous préparer votre petit-déjeuner avec tous les produits nécessaires (café, thé, jus d'orange, pain, beurre, confiture).  Enfin, la salle de bain avec douche et les toilettes. Le quartier est animé avec tous types de commerces et calme à la fois. Vous passerez un très bon séjour dans une chambre spacieuse et calme. Vous avez accès a tout l’appartement. Le soir, je passe la nuit sur le canapé convertible du séjour. Je serai en mesure de vous aider dans le choix de vos activ
25276	An ideal place to have a rest and make the most of your time in Paris ! Price negotiable for more than 5 days stay. - you'll find inside : a comfortable brown and red living room - to chill out, a convenient and spacious white and flashy orange kitchen - to cheer up and enjoy breakfast with a nice romantic view (i.e. the top of the Sacré Coeur !) a calm and pleasant bedroom in green tune - to... have sweet dreams. - a look outside : a fancy neighbourhood (the Abbesses) with tasty restaurants, warm bars, awesome fashion shops, best concert places, and lovely cobblestone streets you'll want to get lost on... Follow the path until you'll reach Montmartre hill topped by its Sacré Coeur, make a glance to the Moulin Rouge, the Moulin de la Galette and the Halle St Pierre, discover many other great locations that are less than 10 minutes away by walk ! Several subways and bus stations closeby. Gare du Nord is at 10 minutes walk. Specs : 48m2 / 500 feet appartment with parquet floor 6th (last)	This is the perfect flat to enjoy Summer in Paris : very well located, full of light and space, with very agreable settings and furnitures... and a superb garden that makes it a unique place ! Limited access to the garden A lot of green spaces, Montsouris park, marvellous Daguerre street and Catacombes entry... Subway lines 4, 6 and RER B will connect you anywhere !
25277		A lovely 45m2 apartment in a village type neighborhood in Paris. Close by an abundance of cafes, restaurants, shops and the charming Montsouris park. Traditional parisian apartment renovated by an interior designer.
25278	35 m² avec 2 pièces : - 1 pièce à vivre avec un coin cuisine (plaques chauffantes électriques, frigidaire, micro-ondes) et 1 canapé-lit 2 places. - 1 chambre avec grand lit 2 places et un coin ordinateur avec accès Internet et réseau Wifi. Salle de bain avec douche, WC et lavabo. Avec toutes les commodités de base, un accès au métro 13 à 2 minutes à pieds, idéal pour un couple qui visite paris avec 1 enfant !!	35 m² avec 2 pièces : - 1 pièce à vivre avec un coin cuisine (plaques chauffantes électriques, frigidaire, micro-ondes) et 1 canapé-lit 2 places. - 1 chambre avec grand lit 2 places et un coin ordinateur avec accès Internet et réseau Wifi. Salle de bain avec douche, WC et lavabo. Avec toutes les commodités de base, un accès au métro 13 à 2 minutes à pieds, idéal pour un couple qui visite paris avec 1 enfant !! Quartier dynamique, jeunes et familles, pas trop touristique, commerces d'excellente qualité (ex. rue Daguerre) avec des horaires d'ouverture larges. Un parfait mélange de belles ruelles typiques dans un esprit village, et de sorties festives du côté de Montparnasse... * Depuis Paris-Orly (45 minutes) Orlybus (7,50€) jusqu'à Denfert-Rochereau, puis 10 minutes à pieds. * Depuis Roissy - Charles de Gaulle (1h) RER Ligne B (9,75€) depuis Aeroport Charles de Gaulle direction Saint-Remy-les-Chevreuse jusqu’à Denfert-Rochereau, Metro Ligne 6 depuis Denfert-Rochereau direction Charles d
25279	Logement calme, lumineux et agréable.	Aux portes de Paris, à 5 min du métro Porte d'Orléans ou Mairie de Montrouge (L4), charmante chambre dans appartement confortable.  Une salle de bain dont l’accès se fait par la chambre des voyageurs, frigidaire et lave-linge à disposition. Logement calme, lumineux et agréable. Documentations et conseils sur les visites en région parisienne. 5 min à pied de la Cité Universitaire 7 min à pied du Parc Montsouris 5 min à pied du centre de ville de Montrouge (Mairie, Beffroi, commerces) 20 min en métro du Centre de Paris 15 min de la Gare Montparnasse (train pour Versailles et son  château) 7 min à pied du métro ligne 4,  des bus (phone number hidden)min du RER B Cité universitaire
25280	Appartement clair et spacieux avec parquet au sol et moulures au plafond, dans le typique esprit de l'architecture parisienne. 2 chambres + hall d'entrée + salon + cuisine équipée + douche + toilettes séparées +	grand appartement hausmannien 67m2  14e arrondissement de Paris  Pour profiter en toute simplicité de vos séjours en plein coeur de Paris. ENGLISH SPOKEN Appartement clair et spacieux avec parquet au sol et moulures au plafond, dans le typique esprit de l'architecture parisienne. 2 chambres + hall d'entrée + salon + cuisine équipée + douche + toilettes séparées + Vous aurez accès en dehors de la chambre vous étant réservée, à l'intégralité de l'appartement ainsi qu'à tous les équipements dont il dispose, comme à la maison! L'appartement tient lieu de colocation pour mon amie et moi même, nous serions donc ravies de vous accueillir et de vous orienter tout au long de votre séjour en partageant nos astuces et bons plans à travers la ville. Tous les avantages du séjour chez l'habitant! le 14e arrondissement de Paris se situe dans le sud de la ville, c'est un environnement plutôt paisible et sécurisant, il y a de nombreux restaurants de qualité ainsi qu'une variété d'épiceries fines propos
25281	Salon w stylu vintage w bardzo ladnym mieszkaniu, swiezo odnowionym, w spokojnej okolicy, rzut beretem od wszelakich paryskich atrakcji turystycznych. Niezwykle sympatyczny wlasciciel, ktory pomoze Wam odkryc uroki typowo paryskiego zycia. 	This flat is very parisian, the building has been built in the beginning of the 1910's.  Quiet district. The living room can receive two persons, you will share the kitchen and the bathroom whith me. The metro station is about 3 minutes walking.  
25282		Logement situé  en rez de chaussée d'une maison particulière. Entrée indépendante. Salon-séjour,  salle de douche, cuisine,  WC séparés. A 3 minutes du métro Plaisance, proche de tous commerces, marché 2 fois par semaine. Quartier commerçant (Rue Raymond Losserand). Grande surface en face de la maison. Shopping Rue d'Alésia. Parcs et jardins à proximité. Proximité immédiate du Métro Plaisance et du bus 62 à 20 mn des Champs Elysées. et 10 mn de la Tour Montparnasse.
25283	We offer you a room, with shared bathroom and toilets. Our apartment is ten minutes away from Denfert-Rochereau, located in the 14th arrondissement, in a peaceful neighborhood, near downtown Paris. Several public transportations have their station nearby such as RER B, metro 4 and 6 and Buses 38, 62… so you have direct access to most of the touristic attraction such as le Louvres, Notre-Dame de Paris, Tour Eiffel, China town… in less than 30 min. Just nearby, you have the catacombs and Parc Montsouris for a walk or some sport. We also have a little supermarket, a bakery, a grocery and a pharmacy 5 minutes away from our place. In the room, we offer you a comfortable double bed on tatamis of good quality. You can dispose of a little desk and a placard so you can put your things in, a bouilloire and everything you need for hot drinks (tee, coffee, herbal tea), even candies for the fourmands. The toilets and bathroom are common with us, in which you will have your own little placard, as we	We offer you a room, with shared bathroom and toilets. Our apartment is ten minutes away from Denfert-Rochereau, located in the 14th arrondissement, in a peaceful neighborhood, near downtown Paris. Several public transportations have their station nearby such as RER B, metro 4 and 6 and Buses 38, 62… so you have direct access to most of the touristic attraction such as le Louvres, Notre-Dame de Paris, Tour Eiffel, China town… in less than 30 min. Just nearby, you have the catacombs and Parc Montsouris for a walk or some sport. We also have a little supermarket, a bakery, a grocery and a pharmacy 5 minutes away from our place. In the room, we offer you a comfortable double bed on tatamis of good quality. You can dispose of a little desk and a placard so you can put your things in, a bouilloire and everything you need for hot drinks (tee, coffee, herbal tea), even candies for the fourmands. The toilets and bathroom are common with us, in which you will have your own little placard, as we
25284	Bonjour, Je loue un appartement ( 37 m2 ) dans une rue du 14ème arrondissement de Paris, situé près place Denfert Rochereau et PArc du Montsouris. La station de métro la plus proche est «Denfert Rochereau» à 5 min à pied,  lignes 4, 6, RER B et OrlyBus. A 1 min à pied vous bénéficierez de toutes les commodités (Supérette, Supermarché, Boulangerie, Pharmacie, Restaurants Japonais, Brasseries, Pizzeria, Bar, Boutiques, Station de taxi...)L'appartement est situé au sixième étage avec ascenseur. La cuisine entièrement équipée comprend un réfrigérateur, une cuisinière, un four, un micro-onde. 1 téléviseur écran plat, un canapé convertible, une machine à laver, fer à repasser, cintres pour vêtements, sèche-cheveux. La salle de bain comprend une douche. Wifi inclus! Draps et serviettes sont fournis. A bientôt ;-) Steve-----------------------------------------------------------------Hello, I rent an apartment (37 m2) in a street of the 14th district of Paris, situated near place Denfert Rocher	Bonjour, Je loue un appartement ( 37 m2 ) dans une rue du 14ème arrondissement de Paris, situé près place Denfert Rochereau et PArc du Montsouris. La station de métro la plus proche est «Denfert Rochereau» à 5 min à pied,  lignes 4, 6, RER B et OrlyBus. A 1 min à pied vous bénéficierez de toutes les commodités (Supérette, Supermarché, Boulangerie, Pharmacie, Restaurants Japonais, Brasseries, Pizzeria, Bar, Boutiques, Station de taxi...)L'appartement est situé au sixième étage avec ascenseur. La cuisine entièrement équipée comprend un réfrigérateur, une cuisinière, un four, un micro-onde. 1 téléviseur écran plat, un canapé convertible, une machine à laver, fer à repasser, cintres pour vêtements, sèche-cheveux. La salle de bain comprend une douche. Wifi inclus! Draps et serviettes sont fournis. A bientôt ;-) Steve-----------------------------------------------------------------Hello, I rent an apartment (37 m2) in a street of the 14th district of Paris, situated near place Denfert Rocher
25285	Brand new Apartment 	20 SQ meter, 1st floor apartment located 5 min from metro station Alesia, sofa bed for 2 persons, fully equiped kitchen. All the comfort in the studio located in the quite street. Brand new Apartment 
25286	The apartment includes a bedroom, a living area that opens onto the kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a separate toilet. It is very calm, comfortable and well equipped: washing machine, dishwasher, vitroceramic hobs, a standard oven and a microwave... Situated on the 14th floor with a view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower, it also includes a parking space in the basement.  ---------------------------- Appartement très calme, bien situé, confortable et très bien équipé. 13eme étage avec vue sur Paris et la tour Eiffel, proche de toutes commodités, métro, tramway, bus, autolib.... Logement en hauteur, lumineux, très calme d'une surface de 54m². La salle de bain comporte une baignoire.	A two-room apartment, 54 m2, very calm. Ideally situated in the 14th district, it is near metro Porte de Vanves (line 13) and Porte d'Orleans (line 4), as well as the tramway stop and numerous bus lines; Citė Universitaire on RER line B is a ten-minute walk. The apartment includes a bedroom, a living area that opens onto the kitchen, a bathroom with a bathtub, and a separate toilet. It is very calm, comfortable and well equipped: washing machine, dishwasher, vitroceramic hobs, a standard oven and a microwave... Situated on the 14th floor with a view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower, it also includes a parking space in the basement.  The neighborhood is very friendly; there is a supermarket right next door and numerous shops (bakery, pharmacy...). Two minutes away is the rue Didot and the Pernety area, which has numerous restaurants, including several types of international cuisine, and bars with live music. Finally, there are several cinemas near Alesia, just ten minutes away, as well as 
25287	Our unique, elegant duplex in a quiet, family-friendly, trendy area of Paris has a true parisian, arty feeling. It's central, a few subway stops to every major places. Shops, restaurants, and the famous Parc Montsouris two steps from home!	A wonderfully furnished, spacious duplex with a capacity of up to 6 guests. 2 sofa beds in the living-room, 1 bed in the room upstairs. Tree-filled avenue, close to Parc Montsouris and Place Denfert-Rochereau. Our unique, elegant duplex in a quiet, family-friendly, trendy area of Paris has a true parisian, arty feeling. It's central, a few subway stops to every major places. Shops, restaurants, and the famous Parc Montsouris two steps from home! Please enjoy our 80 m2 = 861 square feet parisian apartement in a very central district! It's a two room flat. It's on the 1st floor of a secure parisian building. The flat is cool in the summer and warm in the winter. Lots of light upstairs thanks to a big window and a nice view on the tree-filled avenue. We have lots of books, some in english. Internet access is provided. In the bathroom, you will enjoy the large shower after your day walking everywhere in Paris. We have a great authentic kitchen, with an oven, fridge and freezer and absolute
25288	La maison est très lumineuse, plein Sud, et un bel arbre égaille la vue. Sous-sol : Buanderie avec Lave linge et Sèche linge Rez de Chaussée : Cuisine aménagée 1er étage : Une chambre Double / Une chambre simple / Une Salle de Bains avec Baignoire et WC 2ème étage : Deux chambres Doubles / Une Salle de Bains avec Douche et WC 3ème étage : Deux chambres Simples / Une terrasse	"C'est une maison charmante, située dans la rue calme d'un quartier vivant et central. La pièce à vivre à rez de chaussée dessert les trois étages grâce à un bel escalier. En haut, une petite terrasse s'ouvre sur les toit de Paris. La maison est très lumineuse, plein Sud, et un bel arbre égaille la vue. Sous-sol : Buanderie avec Lave linge et Sèche linge Rez de Chaussée : Cuisine aménagée 1er étage : Une chambre Double / Une chambre simple / Une Salle de Bains avec Baignoire et WC 2ème étage : Deux chambres Doubles / Une Salle de Bains avec Douche et WC 3ème étage : Deux chambres Simples / Une terrasse La maison est entièrement à vous, depuis la buanderie du sous-sol jusqu'à la petite terrasse du troisième étage. Nous sommes à votre disposition pour vous indiquer nos restaurant favoris, les promenades dans le quartier et les musées à proximité. La maison est en plein quartier ""artiste"" de Montparnasse (à deux pas de l'ancien atelier du sculpteur Alberto Giacometti). Mais c'est aussi un "
25289	Cet appartement avec moulures, parquet, cheminées, miroirs anciens…situé au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble donnant sur une rue piétonne (rue Daguerre), vous ravira. Idéal en famille ou entre amis avec ses 2 chambres et son grand salon, 5 personnes peuvent y loger aisément.  	Superbe appartement familial de 80m2, parquet en chêne, moulures et cheminées, typiquement parisien et plein de charme ! Central, situé en plein coeur de Paris dans le quartier Daguerre - 14e arrondissement.  Cet appartement avec moulures, parquet, cheminées, miroirs anciens…situé au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble donnant sur une rue piétonne (rue Daguerre), vous ravira. Idéal en famille ou entre amis avec ses 2 chambres et son grand salon, 5 personnes peuvent y loger aisément.  Vous y trouverez :  - Un grand salon/salle à manger très ensoleillé le matin donnant sur rue. La partie salon avec canapé, cheminée, bibliothèque et la partie salle à manger avec grande table, bureau, ordinateur, WI-FI gratuit.  - Une cuisine entièrement équipée d’un four encastré, lave-vaisselle, réfrigirateur et congélateur, ustensiles et vaisselle, lave-linge. - Un couloir desservant : - La salle de bain (avec une grande baignoire, douche, lavabo, étendoir à linge)  - Les WC sont indépendants  - P
25290	c'est un charmant appartement de 37 m carrés , propre simple et fonctionnel , il est trés calme et lumineux 7eme étage avec ascenceur , avec une chambre coté cour avec double vitrage partout, un piano , car je suis pianiste , une cuisine équipée , avec plaques , four , évier , frigidaire , lave vaisselle , lave linge .  La salle de bain comporte une douche des toilettes et une lavabo avec miroir . vous etes prés du métro : ligne 4 : 100 metres .  vous etes prés de la cité universitaire , qui est un trés bel endroit avec un beau parc , trés vivant ; du parc Montsouris , ( 400 metres ) le quartier est calme et sur , l'immeuble aussi ; à alésia (300 metres) vous pourrez trouver de nombreux restaurants , des cinémas , des commerces qui proposent de vrais produits francais ( poissonnerie boucherie et fromager de qualité ) vous etes à l'intérieur de Paris et donc avez accés à tout ce que Paris peut contenir d'endroits festifs , culturels , gastronomiques etc .  à voir ! le quartier est calme	un appartement coquet et confortable dans paris , proche du métro , propre et bien pensé pour des voyageurs aimables et respectueux. c'est un charmant appartement de 37 m carrés , propre simple et fonctionnel , il est trés calme et lumineux 7eme étage avec ascenceur , avec une chambre coté cour avec double vitrage partout, un piano , car je suis pianiste , une cuisine équipée , avec plaques , four , évier , frigidaire , lave vaisselle , lave linge .  La salle de bain comporte une douche des toilettes et une lavabo avec miroir . vous etes prés du métro : ligne 4 : 100 metres .  vous etes prés de la cité universitaire , qui est un trés bel endroit avec un beau parc , trés vivant ; du parc Montsouris , ( 400 metres ) le quartier est calme et sur , l'immeuble aussi ; à alésia (300 metres) vous pourrez trouver de nombreux restaurants , des cinémas , des commerces qui proposent de vrais produits francais ( poissonnerie boucherie et fromager de qualité ) vous etes à l'intérieur de Paris et do
25291	This  55 m2 Haussman apartment offers the best of both world  with old world charm and modern conveniences; high ceilings,  elaborate molding : a brand new bathroom,  separated livingroom (with  TV , a pullout couch )  the dining room /den has a working fire place.  the bedroom has a queen size bed, ( living room may sleep one or 2). WC separated,  spacious entrance with access to all rooms.  Secure first floor apartment provides easy acess to area attractions, restaurants ,  shopping and transporation options.	Authentic Haussman building in a quiet street near Montparnasse cemetery and Place Denfert Rochereau.  Charming flat with 1 bedroom ,1  living room (1pull out couch ) , 1 dining room/den with fireplace, eat in kitchen ,  1 bathroom, 1WC. 1 foyer. This  55 m2 Haussman apartment offers the best of both world  with old world charm and modern conveniences; high ceilings,  elaborate molding : a brand new bathroom,  separated livingroom (with  TV , a pullout couch )  the dining room /den has a working fire place.  the bedroom has a queen size bed, ( living room may sleep one or 2). WC separated,  spacious entrance with access to all rooms.  Secure first floor apartment provides easy acess to area attractions, restaurants ,  shopping and transporation options. Guests will enjoy the full flat . I will be available living near by This is part of the famous  Montparnasse / Denfert Area with spectacular artists' ateliers and hang out places like La Coupole, La Rotonde etc.. The flat is 150m from 
25292		15 minutes from Montparnasse and Concorde Cozy studio with lot of light and a big balcony with a distant view of the Eiffel Tower. Clean, great wood floor, an Ikea kitchenette
25293	This typical parisian flat is located in the Pernety village (14th district), next to the living streets of Gaité Montparnasse and Daguerre (metro 6 and 13). It has two rooms (50m2 in total). It is on the 4th floor, is very light and calm and is perfect for 2 people. The neighborhood is full of shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafes. A supermarket is also really close. It is a safe area close to the metro to visit the city and bus 58 that goes to nice touristic stops. The bedroom is suited for 2 people but there is also an inflatable matress to fit in the living room. The living room has a dinning table and a piano for melomanes! The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom has a washing machine. Hablamos tambien espanol, we speak english, een beetje nederlands et aussi français bien sûr! Have fun in Paris for New Year!   	This typical parisian flat is located in the Pernety village (14th district), next to the living streets of Gaité Montparnasse and Daguerre (metro 6 and 13). It has two rooms (50m2 in total). It is on the 4th floor, is very light and calm and is perfect for 2 people. The neighborhood is full of shops, bakeries, restaurants and cafes. A supermarket is also really close. It is a safe area close to the metro to visit the city and bus 58 that goes to nice touristic stops. The bedroom is suited for 2 people but there is also an inflatable matress to fit in the living room. The living room has a dinning table and a piano for melomanes! The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom has a washing machine. Hablamos tambien espanol, we speak english, een beetje nederlands et aussi français bien sûr! Have fun in Paris for New Year!   
25294		Chambre sur court avec lit double 3ème étage dans un appartement de 62m². Accès à la salle de bain et à la cuisine Proximité du métro (en face de l'entrée) et du parc Montsouris
25295		Proche de la gare Montparnasse, de la rue Daguerre très vivante, et de Denfert-Rochereau (catacombes), ce bel appartement lumineux et calme est parfait pour accueillir un couple, des amis ou une famille ou pour séjourner seul. Métros 4, 6, 13 ; RER B
25296	Appartement  40 m2 situé dans une rue perpendiculaire à la rue d'Alésia. C'est un appartement très calme tout en étant à proximité des commerces. Appartement de type Loft, moderne comprenant une cuisine à l'américaine avec un bar, une salle de bain avec une douche et une chambre. Au dessus de la chambre il y a une mezzanine, ouverte sur la chambre, comprenant un lit. Au dessus de la cuisine il y a une autre mezzanine, fermée, comprenant deux lits simples.	Nice modern appartement just renovated, very lightful and confy to leave. Thanks to its localisation  it is very quiet but still very close from shops of Alsia street, which is very active. Appartement  40 m2 situé dans une rue perpendiculaire à la rue d'Alésia. C'est un appartement très calme tout en étant à proximité des commerces. Appartement de type Loft, moderne comprenant une cuisine à l'américaine avec un bar, une salle de bain avec une douche et une chambre. Au dessus de la chambre il y a une mezzanine, ouverte sur la chambre, comprenant un lit. Au dessus de la cuisine il y a une autre mezzanine, fermée, comprenant deux lits simples. La cuisine, ouverte sur le salon, comprend un frigidaire, un réfrigérateur, un four, des plaques électriques, un lave vaisselle et un micro-onde. La salon comprend une télévision et il y a accès à la wifi. Dans la salle de bain il y a une machine qui est à la fois lavante et séchante.  Je vis dans cet appartements donc, même si je ne serai pas prés
25297		L'appartement est composé d'une pièce principale, d'une cuisine séparée et d'une salle de bain. Il y a un lit double et un canapé convertible.   Les métros 4 et 6, et le sont au pied de l'immeuble, ainsi que le RER B qui dessert les aéroports. L'accès est direct depuis la gare du Nord, la Gare de l'Est et la Gare Montparnasse avec la ligne 4. L'accès est également direct pour l'aéroport d'Orly et l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle! Le métro est au pied de l'appartement. Il y a la ligne 6 qui est direct pour la Tour Eiffel, les Champs Elysées, etc. La Ligne 4 permet d'aller directement dans les quartiers d'Odéon et vers le Nord de Paris.
25298	Too rooms flat fully equiped and recently refurbished, including :  - Dishwasher -Washing machine -TV -Téléphone -WIFI access -MicroWave and oven -Nespresso Machine -Toaster -Air-Drier	Design and cozy two-rooms appartement. Fully equipped, and fully renovated last year. A few steps from  rue Daguerre and 5 minutes from Saint Germain and Luxembourg, this apartment offers an ideal location to discover Paris. Too rooms flat fully equiped and recently refurbished, including :  - Dishwasher -Washing machine -TV -Téléphone -WIFI access -MicroWave and oven -Nespresso Machine -Toaster -Air-Drier We won't be here during your stay, but it will be a pleasure for us to explain you everything. You will also find a note with our favorite restaurant.  Really safe and quiet district, A lot of nice bars and restaurants are at a walkable distance.  It will be a pleasure for us to help you choose ! There is a direct access from airports to our appartement with the RER B.  You will find metro line 4, and 6 to reach every famous monuments and districts in the city. 
25299		Joli deux pieces calme et douillet de 50m2. Parfait pour accueillir un couple ou des amis partageant le meme lit. L'appartement est lumineux et se trouve a deux blocs du parc Montsouris et a 5 minutes a pieds des catacombes de Paris.
25300	58m carré  3 rooms One bedroom  One kitchen A Nice living room with a balcony One bathroom with separeted toilets	Nice and quiet apartment in the 14 arrondissement of Paris.  It can host 2 peoples. you will enjoy the balcony with a nice view on a small and lovely garden. 58m carré  3 rooms One bedroom  One kitchen A Nice living room with a balcony One bathroom with separeted toilets Nice neighborhood A lot of stores close of the apartment  5 mînutes by walk to the closest subway station A lovely garden just in front of the building Subway : Line 4
25301		"Enjoy a typical Parisian experience in my cosy studio in the heart of the 14th district. The place is located close to Montparnasse (10 minutes walk) and to the famous ""Rue de la Gaité"", in a really nice neighborhood.  In the street, you have all the small shops you need : butchery, ""boulangerie"", ""fromagerie"", many restaurants and several supermarkets. The place is on the line 13 (5 minutes walk from ""Pernety"" stop). In 15 minutes from here by metro, you are on the Champs-Elysees."
25302	The apartment is 30 sq. meters (323 sq. feet) and can comfortably house two people. The bedroom is spacious and the wooden floors make it even more cozier.	Our apartment is located near the Catacombs in the 14th district in Paris. It has 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom. It is a quiet neighborhood and a great place to start a tour of Paris (subway line 4, bus routes 68, 38 just a few meters away). The apartment is 30 sq. meters (323 sq. feet) and can comfortably house two people. The bedroom is spacious and the wooden floors make it even more cozier. The kitchen is spacious too. Guests have access to a microwave, cooking utensils, boiler, washing machine, wifi and refrigerator. The keys to the apartment will always be personally handed over to the guests. The Catacombes of Paris and the famous open market of Rue Daguerre are only a few minutes away (walking). The apartment is located in a quiet and residential area. A few meters (approx. 20m) walk from the apartment leads to Avenue General Leclerc. Supermarkets (Monoprix, Carrefour, Franprix) are located very close by. Guests arriving at Charles de Gaule can take RER B and stop at Denf
25303	Located in a pure art deco block (1933) in 14th district, view over the eiffel tower and the inner garden planted with trees. It takes fifteen minutes from the center of Paris by tube (M4).	Separate entrance, surface area of 13 m², one bedroom with view over the inner garden planted with trees, accomodation capacity of two people, beautiful bathroom with shower, everything you need to prepare breakfeast (coffee, electric kettle, tea, ingredients). Very well served by tube, bus, tramway. Located in a pure art deco block (1933) in 14th district, view over the eiffel tower and the inner garden planted with trees. It takes fifteen minutes from the center of Paris by tube (M4). You may store your picnic in the owner's fridge. Tube station (M4) : Porte d'Orléans, Tramway stations (T3) : Porte d'Orléans or Jean Moulin. Your hosts will be happy to greet you around a drink in their artist's studio or on the terrace overlooking the Eiffel Tower according the weather. Il will be the opportunity to give you the good adresses ... Many shops at the foot of the building: restaurants, breweries , bakeries , pharmacies ... Visit of the Catacombes which are very famous. Many famous artists
25304	Studio 21 m² and entirely renovated. The kitchen and the bathroom are totally equipped (washing machine, oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all cookware)  The apartment is well furnished and very cosy with a very comfortable bed on the mezzanine, and also a sofa bed. The studio is perfect for two, but it can accomodate a third and a fourth person.  It is located on the ground floor with access on a quiet coutyard in a nice area of the 14th arrondissement of Paris. 	Studio 21 m² and entirely renovated. The apartment is well furnished and very cosy with a very comfortable bed, and also a sofa bed. Very quiet and very well attended. Near all amenities, supermarket, restaurants, cinemas. Clean linens provided Studio 21 m² and entirely renovated. The kitchen and the bathroom are totally equipped (washing machine, oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, all cookware)  The apartment is well furnished and very cosy with a very comfortable bed on the mezzanine, and also a sofa bed. The studio is perfect for two, but it can accomodate a third and a fourth person.  It is located on the ground floor with access on a quiet coutyard in a nice area of the 14th arrondissement of Paris. The whole apartment is available to tenants who will enjoy it freely.  Clean linens and towels are provided. I will be there to welcome you on your arrival and departure as well.  I will be of course reachable at any time during your stay if necessary. The neighb
25305	It's a cosy 28m2 apartment located in a strategic/central area of Paris. There is a fully equiped bathroom, with WC, sink and shower. Towels will be provided. The bedroom is spacious and with an empty wardrobe that can be entirely used. The living room is bright and equipped with a very comfortable sofa-bed and a table that can accommodate up to 4 people. The kitchen is small but fully equipped with a fridge, freezer, stove, oven,  microwave, etc.	Hi there, my cosy flat is waiting for you in Paris !The location of the flat is great, cause it is in a quiet street but super close to Montparnasse and the city center. You will love it! It's a cosy 28m2 apartment located in a strategic/central area of Paris. There is a fully equiped bathroom, with WC, sink and shower. Towels will be provided. The bedroom is spacious and with an empty wardrobe that can be entirely used. The living room is bright and equipped with a very comfortable sofa-bed and a table that can accommodate up to 4 people. The kitchen is small but fully equipped with a fridge, freezer, stove, oven,  microwave, etc. The location of this flat is amazing,you are really close to Montparnasse and Denfert Rocherau where you can find many metro and train lines. You can be in Jardins du Luxembourg and Notre Dame within a 15min bike or bus ride or half an hour walk. Rue Cels is a very quiet street,but just around the corner you find lovely Rue Daguerre,which has a street market
25306	We love living in this luminous apartment thanks to its beautiful private garden.  You will be quiet and will enjoy the space offered by our studio.  The kitchen is well equipped(Dishwasher, oven, Microwave, Rice-cooker, Nespresso...)  Internet access and unlimited TV (Canal Plus included).   See you very soon!	"Located near the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", our studio, overlooking a beautiful garden, is an ideal home for a couple staying in Paris! Enjoy our large living room with kitchen. Near metro and bus. We love living in this luminous apartment thanks to its beautiful private garden.  You will be quiet and will enjoy the space offered by our studio.  The kitchen is well equipped(Dishwasher, oven, Microwave, Rice-cooker, Nespresso...)  Internet access and unlimited TV (Canal Plus included).   See you very soon! You will have access to the private garden We are at your disposal to inform you about our neighborhood and Paris.  You will be just steps from the ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", the Montparnasse district, with its restaurants and theaters. The Latin Quarter and Saint-Michel is not far either. The apartment is located 50 meters from the RER B (access to airports Roissy CDG and Orly in 30 minutes), Orly Bus, M4 and M6.  Taxi rank very active at 35 meters.  Montparnasse train station is a 7-minut"
25307	Le logement est unique parce qu'il est un GRAND STUDIO de 40 mètre carré, du coup vous vous sentez comme dans un appartement. La qualité du confort sur place est très appréciable: son grand canapé lit grand angle en cuir de 5 places. La grande capacité de connexion à la fibre optique cable (INTERNET TRES TRES HAUT DEBIT) jusqu'à 100 mg,sa TV écran plat SONY BRAVIA en HD. Avec sa cuisine séparée et équipée et sa salle de bain(baignoire+douche) vous aurez tout le confort d'un appartement parisien pour seulement 100 Euros par Nuit.	Je serais heureux de vous recevoir dans mon Charmant   à 7 min du métro Montparnasse et de la place Denfert Rocherau ( catacombes de Paris, Orly bus, RER B), et 5 min du métro Mouton-Duvernet et Pernety vous serez dans un vrai petit cocons douillé avec une piece à vivre équipé d'un lit double, un écran plat, une connexion internet, , Hifi, cuisine séparé ( vaisselles, frigo,, four, grill pain,  et plaques), salle de bain avec douche et wc ( serviettes), , je  possède  lave ling L'appartement se trouve   dans un immeuble sécurisé,. il y a aussi un ascenseur si vous avez beaucoup de bagages lourds.Le quartier est agréable et très animé avec plein de commerces de proximité ouverts tard, la rue d'Edgars Quinet et la rue 'Daguere très fameuses pour leurs terrasses et restaurants de qualité et de spécialité française, bretonne et japonaises. Deux stations de bus aux pieds de l'immeuble le n°28 qui vous dépose en moins de 20 min aux Champs de Mars, la tours Eiffel et École militaire et le n°5
25308	 Room in a cute 592ft2 / 55m2 apartment on the sixth floor with an elevator, well appointed.  The apartment is situated between Denfert Rochereau and the park Montsouris, with a secured access (entry code & bell).  This charming area of the City will delight those of you researching the authentical Parisian neighborhood. This is one bedroom with double bed, and a large closet. If needed folding bed for baby kid up to 2/3 years old can be added. Towel and sheets are suppplied. There is internet access. Next to the room, large bathroom to share includes bath tub and a shower .  If you need it:  - there is laundry and dryer machines in the bathroom.   one room only : 50 euros per night for 1 person in the room + 10 euros per night for each additional person. Please don't hesitate to send message with more information about your dates, your wishes...or your plans. Chambre dans un joli 592ft2 / 55m2 appartement au sixième étage avec ascenseur, très bien aménagée. L'appartement est situé ent	 Room in a cute 592ft2 / 55m2 apartment on the sixth floor with an elevator, well appointed.  The apartment is situated between Denfert Rochereau and the park Montsouris, with a secured access (entry code & bell).  This charming area of the City will delight those of you researching the authentical Parisian neighborhood. This is one bedroom with double bed, and a large closet. If needed folding bed for baby kid up to 2/3 years old can be added. Towel and sheets are suppplied. There is internet access. Next to the room, large bathroom to share includes bath tub and a shower .  If you need it:  - there is laundry and dryer machines in the bathroom.   one room only : 50 euros per night for 1 person in the room + 10 euros per night for each additional person. Please don't hesitate to send message with more information about your dates, your wishes...or your plans. Chambre dans un joli 592ft2 / 55m2 appartement au sixième étage avec ascenseur, très bien aménagée. L'appartement est situé ent
25309	Welcome! We are located here in the center of the 'Pernety village' neighbourhood, with all the traditional food & wine shops and the friendly atmosphere from rue Losserand or rue Daguerre. It is also very close from Alesia. You will have a great deal of choice for picking up a restaurant in the evening and a bakery in the morning! (Of course I can recommend the best places around!) There are also plenty of supermarkets around, and a market every saturday. It is a very safe neighbourhood, even in the middle of the night. You are now about to enter a cosy parisian apartment! First room on your right is the sleeping room, with a double-bed, a wardrobe, a decorative chimney, and a digital piano. The entrance corridor would then lead you to the living room. There is a dining table, a vintage coffee table, a club sofa and a large armchair, and a large working desk. The hifi system, CDs, books, and internet wifi connection are at your disposal. The kitchen is fully equipped: oven, baking tra	We are located here in the center of the 'Pernety village' neighbourhood, with all the traditional food & wine shops and the friendly atmosphere from rue Losserand or rue Daguerre. A cosy parisian flat, very quiet, well equipped! Welcome! We are located here in the center of the 'Pernety village' neighbourhood, with all the traditional food & wine shops and the friendly atmosphere from rue Losserand or rue Daguerre. It is also very close from Alesia. You will have a great deal of choice for picking up a restaurant in the evening and a bakery in the morning! (Of course I can recommend the best places around!) There are also plenty of supermarkets around, and a market every saturday. It is a very safe neighbourhood, even in the middle of the night. You are now about to enter a cosy parisian apartment! First room on your right is the sleeping room, with a double-bed, a wardrobe, a decorative chimney, and a digital piano. The entrance corridor would then lead you to the living room. There 
25310	Appartement with a typical Parisian stlye. White walls, old wooden floor, fireplace and a beautiful alcove in the living room	On place Denfert Rocheraux. -1minute away from lines 4, 6 &rerB. Very convenient to discover Paris. 50 sq meters, well furnished with everything you need (especially for cooking :) ). 1 bedroom (queen bed) and 1living room (nice double-sofa bed).  Appartement with a typical Parisian stlye. White walls, old wooden floor, fireplace and a beautiful alcove in the living room You will have access to many nice equipments to cook (blender, robot, rice cooker...) and may recipes books. We also have other available books, fiction, touristique guides, graphical books.. The living room is a nice place to stay, with a confortable sofa, pouf.. And a nice table to eat. In the bedroom you will find a desk with a screen that you can use. Wifi available too. We both speak english, I speak a little bit of spanish, and Martin a little bit of German. We won't be in the flat while you will be there. When we will give you the keys we will be more than happy to share some good advices with you : cool places 
25311	Appartement 2 pièces à 50 m du métro Montparnasse, très calme et lumineux. Immeuble standing. Ancien rénové, élégant et fonctionnel. DURÉE SÉJOUR : MIN. 2 SEMAINES Complètement équipé, chambre avec lit électrique (gain de place), salon avec canapé-lit deux places. Linge fourni.  Situé dans une rue très vivante, en plein coeur du quartier Montparnasse et en même temps très calme et silencieux. Quartier très vivant à toute heure du jour et de la nuit, grâce à ses bars, restaurants, cinémas, théâtres, commerces... A deux pas de la rue de Rennes et de ses magasins, du jardin du Luxembourg, et de cafés et restaurants historiques comme La Coupole, La Closerie des Lilas, Le Dôme, La Rotonde, Le Select... A deux pas de la Gare Montparnasse (TGV vers le Sud-Ouest, trains vers la Bretagne et la Normandie), quatre lignes de métro, plusieurs bus.	M° Montparnasse / Edgar Quinet, 2 rooms apartment charming, quiet, renovated with parquet, wifi. Fully furnished and equipped. smokers accepted. 
25312	2 bedroom very original, bright, high ceilings, very large, full-East facing,with large main room and a small cosy room, very quiet. Bath and toilet. Airy kitchen. Lobby. 2 minutes from M. Alesia (line 4)	Very original appartment for 5 beds (small room with 3 beds + 2 seater sofa bed in main room), hardwood floor, corner kitchen, bathroom with bath, on the 2nd floor courtyard, 10 mn from Parc Montsouris and Denfer Rochereau. 2 bedroom very original, bright, high ceilings, very large, full-East facing,with large main room and a small cosy room, very quiet. Bath and toilet. Airy kitchen. Lobby. 2 minutes from M. Alesia (line 4) Access to all the utility of the appartment. (TV, Wifi, traditionnal washing machine, cupboard for storage, home linen, microwave oven)
25313	Small studio of character with exposed beams and floor in bamboo. Discretion assured. Situated at the ground floor on street, it is protected from the noise coming from the outside thanks to the double glazings of both windows giving onto street.	One bedroom cosy apartment of 162 sqft located groundfloor of a little building in heart of Pernety District near Montparnasse. Refurnished Studio integrate kitchenette, bathroom and closet. Transportation and Small studio of character with exposed beams and floor in bamboo. Discretion assured. Situated at the ground floor on street, it is protected from the noise coming from the outside thanks to the double glazings of both windows giving onto street. The travelers will have a nice quiet spot. The access to Internet is free on WIFI (code transmitted on arrival) and a television set is given in the apartment. We live very close to the studio which is adjacent to our main accommodation. We can so welcome the travelers upon their arrival and help them to settle down. The district Pernéty is one of the most livened up by Montparnasse: access facilitated by public transportation, numerous food trades and bars, village-like atmosphere Parisian, closeness of Montparnasse and its cultural act
25314		quartier sympa Métro Pernety, 4 mn à pied Montparnasse, 3 pièces très agréable et très clair, 6ème au-dessus d'un parc côté Est et gd balcon vue tour Eiffel (très beau la nuit) côté ouest Meublé, tout confort, linge fourni. Possibilité pkg ss terrain
25315		Ce studio en plein centre de Paris est à 4 minutes à pied du métro Denfert-Rochereau. Très lumineux, grande fenêtre plein sud.  Kitchinette toute équipée pour cuisiner, lit en mezzanine (une place mais il y a deux matelas, possibilité d'en mettre un par terre). Sanitaire et douche sur le palier communs à 4 petits studios. Rue très calme. Je recherche des personnes responsables et respectueuses qui souhaitent passer une semaine agréable à Paris
25316	Cosy decoration with personality, peaceful and relaxing feelings in this flat.  Very quiet private garden with vegetation.	Lovely  2  bedrooms flat with a private garden  very well located to visit any touristic places of Paris.  In the 14th district, next to the Montparnasse train station and the extraordinary Catacombes  Very cosy flat with a private and quiet garden  Cosy decoration with personality, peaceful and relaxing feelings in this flat.  Very quiet private garden with vegetation. You will have access to the all kitchen furnished (to cook or to keep food in the fridge), the bathroom, the living room and the private garden. I am available and will be happy to help you in your trip, to find good or unusual spots of Paris. You will have your privacy, I Work most of the time. You have easily access, in an walking distance, to every bars, restaurants, shops you need (Carrefour market at 1 minute walking from my place) Metro ALESIA (line 4), BUS (28, 38, 62) and TRAMWAY (Jean Moulin station)
25317	Appartement de 35m2 situé entre métro Alésia et métro porte d'Orléans. Transports à proximité : métro Ligne 4, nombreux bus, Tramway Ligne 3, RER ligne B Accès Internet dans l'appartement  : Oui (wifi) 	Appartement de 35m2 situé entre métro Alésia et métro porte d'Orléans. Transports à proximité : métro Ligne 4, nombreux bus, Tramway Ligne 3, RER ligne B Accès Internet dans l'appartement  : Oui (wifi) 
25318	One bedroom with double bed and one convertible couch in the living room. The convertible is really confortable. The appartment is fully furniched with: - full kitchen set (dishwasher, big oven, microwave, boiler, coffee machine + nespresso machine, ricecooker...) - Stereo system (you can plug your Ipod/Ipad/ or any music device) - Bed sheets sets and towels are available upon request. There is a internet connection by hotspot so it's not mentioned in the listing as it's not a regular conection. It's available on laptops but will not have a 100% accuracy on mobile phones.	Fully furnished design and spacious flat in a typical Hausmann parisian style building. 4th floor with elevator. Quiet neighborhood. Access through metro 4, Tramway and metro 13. Very close to RER line B (airport line). One bedroom with double bed and one convertible couch in the living room. The convertible is really confortable. The appartment is fully furniched with: - full kitchen set (dishwasher, big oven, microwave, boiler, coffee machine + nespresso machine, ricecooker...) - Stereo system (you can plug your Ipod/Ipad/ or any music device) - Bed sheets sets and towels are available upon request. There is a internet connection by hotspot so it's not mentioned in the listing as it's not a regular conection. It's available on laptops but will not have a 100% accuracy on mobile phones. Access to the entire appartment. You'll have the entire appartment for yourself, I'll only be here for check in/out, but I will be available by phone for any information. Quiet neighborhood, but with a
25319	great place, spacious living, two rooms (1 with kids beds), balcony...	Hello Nice to welcome you in our big apartment, fully equipped for a family or friends stay in the heart of Paris. 2 rooms, one with kids beds, big living and kitchen, balcony, lift… area Montparnasse, 15mn bus from Notre-Dame great place, spacious living, two rooms (1 with kids beds), balcony... every public transport is 30 seconds to 10 minutes walking trend shopping, markets, restaurants, cinémas, théâtres... and a very parisian atmosphere in the cafés and small streets around 
25320		Grâce à une cloison japonaise, l'espace chambre est séparé du reste du studio. Vous bénéficierez donc quand même de pas mal d'intimité. Le studio est très agréable est confortable, et donne sur une rue particulièrement calme. Proche transports
25321	The studio can accommodate two people in a comfortable 30 square meters studio on the second floor with hardwood floors, a full bathroom with shower and bathtub, a high end comfortable pull-out sofa bed, a small separate kitchenette, and a balcony where you can enjoy your morning croissant or  evening glass of wine. The building is very safe with guardian, digit code and elevators.  	Charming non-smoking 30 square meters studio in the XIV arrondissement with all amenities including hardwood floors, a small terrace, full bathroom and kitchenette in a safe building with two guardians and elevators. The studio can accommodate two people in a comfortable 30 square meters studio on the second floor with hardwood floors, a full bathroom with shower and bathtub, a high end comfortable pull-out sofa bed, a small separate kitchenette, and a balcony where you can enjoy your morning croissant or  evening glass of wine. The building is very safe with guardian, digit code and elevators.   The whole apt. An English speaking French person will meet you when you arrive and upon whom you can call if needed.  Very safe and charming neighborhood situated between 2 parks, the Park du Luxembourg and the Park Montsouris which are within walking distance, with excellent transportation, many cafes and boutiques,as well as a well supplied supermarket two minutes away. Superb transportation
25322	The flat is located at the second and last floor of an old building, with long balconies surrounding a courtyard. The neighborhood is calm and polite. The studio is simple and functional, with an open kitchen,  and separate bathroom. Decoration is colored and ethnic. Oriental carpets, library, piano, a few plants , an mp3 player with big speakers, wifi, the essential is here… The Murphy bed is very handy  : invisible by day, it becomes a double bed by pulling two levers allowing the sofa to fold itself on the ground. The mechanism is very simple and fast.	25 m2  studio + 5m2 of private balcony surrounding a lovely green courtyard. Very nice and safe area, with all kind of shops. Metro is very close (50m). Particularity : the Murphy bed hidden during the day. The flat is located at the second and last floor of an old building, with long balconies surrounding a courtyard. The neighborhood is calm and polite. The studio is simple and functional, with an open kitchen,  and separate bathroom. Decoration is colored and ethnic. Oriental carpets, library, piano, a few plants , an mp3 player with big speakers, wifi, the essential is here… The Murphy bed is very handy  : invisible by day, it becomes a double bed by pulling two levers allowing the sofa to fold itself on the ground. The mechanism is very simple and fast. I'll be on holidays during your stay but i'm constantly checking my mails if assistance is needed. Feel free to contact me. Lovely neighborhood, lots of families.  All the shops you need are close by.  The place where is located th
25323	THE BEDROOM IS IN A HOUSE IN 14ème arrondissement Near parc montsouris. Not far the garden of luxembourg and the 6eme arrondissement. The house is in the little street who is easy to stationner a car. There is a garden.	THE BEDROOM IS IN A HOUSE IN 14ème arrondissement Near parc montsouris. Not far the garden of luxembourg and the 6eme arrondissement. The house is in the little street who is easy to stationner a car. There is a garden.
25324		Cet appartement d'une superficie de 30 mètres carrés.Situé Rue de la Gaite dans le 14ème arrondissement de Paris quartier Montparnasse. La station de métro la plus proche est (website hidden) 2 ème étage dans un immeuble sans ascenseur. Il accepte 2personnes
25325		Charming Hausmanian apartment, wooden floor and fireplace, welcoming and atypical.  2 rooms for up to 3 people (1 bed for 2 and 1 sofa). Near Plaisance station, 8 mn from Montparnass.  Enjoy its kitchen and authentic merchant: cheeses, wines Metro Plaisance ligne 13
25326	5 étage sans ascenseur, lumineux, calme. Au coeur du quartier Montparnasse, très animé, à  250 mètres du Jardin du Luxembourg.  Près des commerces, cinémas et de la fondation Cartier. Immeuble 1900,  balcon, TV, Internet, phone. Disponible juillet-août 2015. 	Limite 6e. 300 m Jardin du Luxembourg. 5/6 pièces dont 1 chambre d'enfant, balcon. 1 à 4 personnes. Calme, ensoleillé. Cheminées, moulures. Internet ADSL, TV, lave-linge. Au 5e sans ascenseur. Nombreux commerces, cinémas. Juillet/août  5 étage sans ascenseur, lumineux, calme. Au coeur du quartier Montparnasse, très animé, à  250 mètres du Jardin du Luxembourg.  Près des commerces, cinémas et de la fondation Cartier. Immeuble 1900,  balcon, TV, Internet, phone. Disponible juillet-août 2015. Appartement familial. Un lit double; un lit simple; un lit d'enfant; deux canapés-lits doubles.  métro 4 et 6, RER B, bus 91, 82, 58, autolib', vélib
25327	Je vous laisse regarder les photos...	Superbe Duplex au dernier étage avec poutres ! Situé à 10 min en RER du centre de paris (Chatelet-les-Halles) et à 10 min de la tour Eiffel, ce charmant Duplex convient idéalement à un couple à la recherche d'un espace charmant et romantique    Je vous laisse regarder les photos... A tout sauf l'ordinateur. Il y a une connexion internet bien sûr mais il est donc conseillé d'apporter avec soi son portable ou tablette. La multitude de commerce ! l'avenue est très marchande.  Les petits cafés de la rue Daguerre ... LE ZEYER, Le célèbre restaurant de fruits de mers  metro ligne 4 Bus Tramway Pour des raisons de praticité, je ne pourrai pas répondre toujours positivement aux demandes de dernières minutes ! Merci de votre compréhension.
25328	Très bien situé, l'appartement se trouve dans une cour, au calme de l'agitation parisienne.  La chambre dispose d'un grand lit double, avec matelas et oreillers à mémoire de forme. 	Très bien situé, l'appartement se trouve dans une cour, au calme de l'agitation parisienne.  La chambre dispose d'un grand lit double, avec matelas et oreillers à mémoire de forme.  Une fois rentré dans l'appartement, vous êtes comme chez vous. Vous avez accès à la cuisine, au salon et à Internet. Vous avez votre propre clé et si besoin, nous pouvons vous mettre un ordinateur à disposition.  Nous parlons français, anglais et espagnol et serons ravis de vous accueillir à la maison.  Le quartier est très agréable. Restaurants, théâtres, cinémas, boutiques... tout est à porté de main!  Transports directs des aéroports de Paris (RER pour Charles de Gaulle et bus pour Orly). Plusieurs de lignes de métro sont disponibles à moins de 10 minutes à pied facilitant tous vos déplacements dans Paris.
25329	Near Montparnasse, this 40m2 flat has 2 rooms (bedroom + living-room) and a balcony where it's nice to have dinner looking at the Eiffel Tower's nightlights. Subway is really close and it gets 15 minutes to reach Paris center or main touristic places Métro Alésia line 4 	Cosy flat at the 8th floor with a balcony and an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower. Very close to subway (Alésia / Plaisance) and bus lines to the center. A grocery and all convenients stores are waiting for you down the street!  Near Montparnasse, this 40m2 flat has 2 rooms (bedroom + living-room) and a balcony where it's nice to have dinner looking at the Eiffel Tower's nightlights. Subway is really close and it gets 15 minutes to reach Paris center or main touristic places Métro Alésia line 4  WIFI - Washing machine - Nespresso coffee machine - Microwave oven - And... elevator! E-mail  - SMS - Phone If needed, my lovely neighboor is available next door Métro Alésia line 4 
25330	We re a young couple living in a 40m2 flat, a big size for Paris. It is located in the last floor of a nice building, having windows in both sides. It has a nice view of Montparnasse building and Eiffel tower can also be seen.  The place is quiet as the road is very small. The front of the apartment faces the road, rear is facing a nice park.	Live Paris from inside:  Is a classical Parisian appartment in the last floor (by elevator!) , well illuminated and nice view. Near Montparnasse, you can easily access Métro 4 and 13 at Alesia and Pernety respectively. A beautiful quartier!   We re a young couple living in a 40m2 flat, a big size for Paris. It is located in the last floor of a nice building, having windows in both sides. It has a nice view of Montparnasse building and Eiffel tower can also be seen.  The place is quiet as the road is very small. The front of the apartment faces the road, rear is facing a nice park. You'll have access to the living room, the kitchen (fully equiped) and bathroom. . There is a washing machine too.  We do not spend much time home, but we'll be glad to give you some advice to enjoy your trip and discover some hidden secrets in Paris! The nieghboughthood is very nice, well located, lots of stores. Not as expernsive as in the 15th but same quality! Nice restaurants, a small cinema, and a very 
25331	Looking for an apartment in Paris? this is the place to be! The apartment offers a location near Montparnasse in the 14th arrondissement, at Pernety station, this 13th ligne of the metro, goes directly to Champs Elysées (15min). All conveniences are around the flat: you have all french shop, boulangerie (french baguette, good place for french patisserie), butcher shop, some French restaurant, café, bistro, creperie... and other type of restaurant as japan, chinese, indien, vegetarian...and shops for cooking at home Monoprix,G20, at 1min of the flat. In the apartment where 3 people can sleep, offers: -a room , with a double bed -a lounge, with a couch (for one pers) -a kitchen with horn, dishwasher, fridge, washing machine -a bathroom, with bath and toilets This appartment is very cosi if you want to live like a french girl! Hope to see you soon Aurélie	Looking for an apartment in Paris? this is the place to be! The apartment offers a location near Montparnasse in the 14th arrondissement, at Pernety station, this 13th ligne of the metro, goes directly to Champs Elysées (15min). All conveniences are around the flat: you have all french shop, boulangerie (french baguette, good place for french patisserie), butcher shop, some French restaurant, café, bistro, creperie... and other type of restaurant as japan, chinese, indien, vegetarian...and shops for cooking at home Monoprix,G20, at 1min of the flat. In the apartment where 3 people can sleep, offers: -a room , with a double bed -a lounge, with a couch (for one pers) -a kitchen with horn, dishwasher, fridge, washing machine -a bathroom, with bath and toilets This appartment is very cosi if you want to live like a french girl! Hope to see you soon Aurélie
25332	Vous avez tout a disposition. Vous pouvez vous servir dans le frigo pour les produits frais (beurre, lait, crème, yaourts…) et dans les reserves (pates, riz, boites de conserves), ainsi que vous faire du thé, du café, chocolat chaud.. Il y a  tout a disposition! Le quartier est très calme et très agréable. Vous avez aux alentours de nombreux restaurants, brasseries, et beaucoup de restaurants livrent très rapidement a cette adresse.  J'ai une petite liste de bonnes adresses dans le coin que je peux partager avec vous! Selon là ou vous arrivez, il y a de nombreuses possibilité pour se rendre au studio. Avec le métro ligne 4, arrêt de métro Vavin (ou Raspail). Avec le métro ligne 6, arrêt de métro Raspail. Avec le bus 68, arrêt Vavin. Avec le bus 91, arrêt Campagne Première ou Vavin. Avec le bus 58, arrêt Vavin. Avec le métro ligne 12 ou 13, arrêt montparnasse (un peu plus loin, mais pratique pour faire des courses sur le chemin).	Studio de 25m2, idéal pour séjours et week-end a Paris. Proche de tout, lignes de métro 4 et 6, 12 et 13 a la gare Montparnasse (proche). Beaucoup de stations de bus desservant tout Paris. Quartier Saint Germain à 10mn, jardin du Luxemboug 5mn... Vous avez tout a disposition. Vous pouvez vous servir dans le frigo pour les produits frais (beurre, lait, crème, yaourts…) et dans les reserves (pates, riz, boites de conserves), ainsi que vous faire du thé, du café, chocolat chaud.. Il y a  tout a disposition! Le quartier est très calme et très agréable. Vous avez aux alentours de nombreux restaurants, brasseries, et beaucoup de restaurants livrent très rapidement a cette adresse.  J'ai une petite liste de bonnes adresses dans le coin que je peux partager avec vous! Selon là ou vous arrivez, il y a de nombreuses possibilité pour se rendre au studio. Avec le métro ligne 4, arrêt de métro Vavin (ou Raspail). Avec le métro ligne 6, arrêt de métro Raspail. Avec le bus 68, arrêt Vavin. Avec le bu
25333	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    ------------------------------    Welcome to our modern studio apartment in Paris Montparnasse!    This brand new studio (May 2014) is 25 square metres and composed of:    -a separate bathroom with a large shower and towel heater     - a semi-open kitchen with a large work plan     - a living space that also serves as a sleeping area with a fold out bed (160cmx200cm) and an extra comfortable (thick) Dunlopillo 5 Latex mattress    -Flat screen 32” TV on wall fixture (rotates and swivels) with international channels    -WIFI/Cable ADSL internet access     -washer + dryer     -Vitro-ceramic hotplates     -Microwave and grill (separate)     -Coffee maker/Toaster     -Loudspeakers     -Hairdryer.    The apartment has a contemporary style with tiles in the kitchen and bathroom and parquet flooring in the living area.    The apartment is located on Rue du Maine, a street famous for its theatres	*The studio is 25sqm large *The total capacity is 2 guests *The bed is a fold out bed with a Dunlopillo 5 mattress (17cm thick) *The flat is on the 1st floor (no elevator) *The flat is fully equipped (wifi,TV, clothes washer/dryer, loudspeaker..) Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask    Airport transfer available - please ask    ------------------------------    Welcome to our modern studio apartment in Paris Montparnasse!    This brand new studio (May 2014) is 25 square metres and composed of:    -a separate bathroom with a large shower and towel heater     - a semi-open kitchen with a large work plan     - a living space that also serves as a sleeping area with a fold out bed (160cmx200cm) and an extra comfortable (thick) Dunlopillo 5 Latex mattress    -Flat screen 32” TV on wall fixture (rotates and swivels) with international channels    -WIFI/Cable ADSL internet access     -washer + dryer     -Vitro-ceramic hotplates     -Microwave and grill (separate)     -Coffee 
25334		Je réponds par mail et téléphone I answer by mail and phone My area has everything you need such as supermarkets, bakery, butchers, restaurants... 1 minute walk from the underground station Pernety line13. Only 6 stations from the famous Champs-Elysées. The flat is on the 6th floor and has a lift
25335	Studio à louer du 24 juillet au 15 septembre, quartier alesia, denfert , 14ème arrondissement. Refait à neuf, confortable et lumineux, 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Une grande pièce d'environ 24m2, lit double, bar américain(plaques, frigo, micro-onde et four ) , grands dressings, TV et Internet avec Wifi.(canal plus), grand balcon sur jardin de l immeuble ,salle de bain (bain ,wc ,lavabo). Bien desservi: -Metro Alesia (ligne 4) 5min de marche -Denfert rochraut (ligne 4,6) ,RER B , ORLY BUS a 9 min a pied -Metro Plaisance (ligne 13) a 7min de marche -PORTE D ORLEANS (ligne4),Tramway T3 a 15 mn a pied location minimaume une semaine jusqu a 2mois bien 100 euros pour le mois d'août, 2000 euros TTC du 24 juillet au 15 septembre.Possibilité de location par semaine Prix a debatre 	Studio à louer du (phone number hidden) aux 2/1/2014 quartier alesia, denfert , 14ème arrondissement. Refait à neuf, confortable et lumineux, 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Une grande pièce d'environ 24m2, lit double, bar américain(plaques, frigo, micro-onde et four ) , grands dressings, TV et Internet avec Wifi.(canal plus), grand balcon sur jardin de l immeuble ,salle de bain (bain ,wc ,lavabo). Bien desservi: -Metro Alesia (ligne 4) 5min de marche -Denfert rochraut (ligne 4,6) ,RER B , ORLY BUS a 9 min a pied -Metro Plaisance (ligne 13) a 7min de marche -PORTE D ORLEANS (ligne4),Tramway T3 a 15 mn a pied location minimaume une semaine jusqu a 2mois bien 100 euros pour le mois d'août, 2000 euros TTC du 24 juillet au 15 septembre.Possibilité de location par semaine Prix a debatre  Studio à louer du 24 juillet au 15 septembre, quartier alesia, denfert , 14ème arrondissement. Refait à neuf, confortable et lumineux, 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Une grande pièce d'environ 24m2, lit double, bar 
25336		Very nice little studio near the tube station and food trade.
25337	Appartement de 52m2 offrant deux grandes chambres, un salon avec cuisine américaine, une salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Au 6ème étage, vous aurez une vue dégagée sur Paris.	Etudiantes en droit à la Sorbonne et férues d'art nous vous proposons de passer quelques jours dans notre charmant appartement typiquement parisien. Disponibles et accueillantes nous vous donnerons tous nos bons plans pour sortir et visiter Paris ! Appartement de 52m2 offrant deux grandes chambres, un salon avec cuisine américaine, une salle de bain et toilettes séparées. Au 6ème étage, vous aurez une vue dégagée sur Paris. Aux pieds de l'appartement vous trouverez la ligne 4 desservant les Gares Montparnasse, de l'est et du Nord. A 10 minutes à pied le RER B desservant l'aéroport Roissy-Charles de Gaulle. Lors de votre séjour nous serons disponibles pour vous donner toutes informations complémentaires. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme et donne sur une cour intérieure. Vous trouverez tous les magasins (pharmacie, supermaché, boutiques, boulangerie...) en sortant de la rue. Vous trouverez également bars, restaurants et cinéma sans oublier le marché de produit frais de la rue D
25338	This colourfull  studio is at the ground floor with large new windows giving a view on the inside courtyard, feeling the breeze in summer feels like home the moment you step through the door. Cool, tranquil, this apartment mixes eclectic design elements and style with modern furnishings and conveniences such as new kitchen, bathroom, wi-fi, etc Tucked away on a very quiet street just at the corner of rue Daguerre, you'll feel like you've lived here forever in this gorgeous old genuine area of Paris especially if you are anyone with an artist's bent or an eye for design. The Italian bathroom with vintage style tiles is very pleasant and easy to use to start and seize a new day in Paris or after an inspiring  strol in the city before hitting one of the cafes and restaurant of the area for an delectable aperitif or a scrumptious diner. For the night the sofa is transformed in less than one minute as a cosy bed for 2,  ready for you to dream and rest.	Lovely flat, perfect for 2 person. Cosy and nice, located in a very beautiful green neighborhood just a couple of minutes from rue Daguerre and its famous outdoor market.  It’s a very lively area with  a tradition of artist, painters, actors and writers living around since 19th century.The studio just  remodeled this summer is fully equipped to improvise a diner if you choose to stay home instead of hitting one of the numerous restaurants in the area. A beautiful place to stay.... This colourfull  studio is at the ground floor with large new windows giving a view on the inside courtyard, feeling the breeze in summer feels like home the moment you step through the door. Cool, tranquil, this apartment mixes eclectic design elements and style with modern furnishings and conveniences such as new kitchen, bathroom, wi-fi, etc Tucked away on a very quiet street just at the corner of rue Daguerre, you'll feel like you've lived here forever in this gorgeous old genuine area of Paris especially
25339	It is a bright and sunny apartment facing with 1 bedroom and a large living room with a bedsofa for 2 people. The apartment is in a stone building typical Parisian size, well located near the beautiful Parc Montsouris, one of the most beautiful in Paris. Bus 21 just below the apartment give access in 10 to 20 mn to main touristic areas in Paris (Luxembourg, Saint-Germain des Près, Châtelet, Louvre, Opéra). The neighborhood is safe and is well connected by bus, subway (Glacière or Cité Universitaire), so you will be easier to explore other areas of the capital and exploring of Paris.	Nice appartment located in 14th area in Paris close touristic areas with 1 bedroom and a bedsofa. Ideally connected to CDG  (44 mn direct train) / Orly (15 mn) airports and main railway stations. Everything is close from home! Subway, bus and train. It is a bright and sunny apartment facing with 1 bedroom and a large living room with a bedsofa for 2 people. The apartment is in a stone building typical Parisian size, well located near the beautiful Parc Montsouris, one of the most beautiful in Paris. Bus 21 just below the apartment give access in 10 to 20 mn to main touristic areas in Paris (Luxembourg, Saint-Germain des Près, Châtelet, Louvre, Opéra). The neighborhood is safe and is well connected by bus, subway (Glacière or Cité Universitaire), so you will be easier to explore other areas of the capital and exploring of Paris. Easy access by bus, metro and tram! 3rd floor on right side. Can provide support during your stay (for example: booking a concert, museum, advise for nice resta
25340	Appartement spacieux 80 m2 ,lumineux , deux chambres a couché  double salon  Grande Salle de bain double éviers ,une grande baignoire Draps fournis  Cuisine four micro onde ,four,bouilloire,frigo congélateur ,appareil Nespresso et dosettes	Spacieux,lumineux, ensoleillé,dans un quartier résidentiel  de Montparnasse. Metro ,bus deux minutes à pieds  a proximité commerces alimentaire ,restaurants,shopping,pharmacie . Entierement équipe ,tout confort. Magnifique vue 8 eme étage Appartement spacieux 80 m2 ,lumineux , deux chambres a couché  double salon  Grande Salle de bain double éviers ,une grande baignoire Draps fournis  Cuisine four micro onde ,four,bouilloire,frigo congélateur ,appareil Nespresso et dosettes Entièreté de l'appart Nous restons en contact avec nos hôtes disponible,guide de Paris insolite et un livret de bonnes adressesvous sera envoyé en fonction de vos envies et centre d'intérêt . Au coeur de Paris ,le quartier de Montparnasse est très animé ,l'appart se trouve dans la célèbre et résidentielle avenue du Maine,à proximité de célèbres enseignes de mode pour le shopping ,boucherie ,fromagerie,boulangerie avec meilleur baguette de France ,un quartier unique.... Ligne de metro 4 ,la ligne la plus rapide et fr
25341	L'emplacement est très intéressant, à 2 pas de Montparnasse, de Gaîté, du quartier de Edgar Quinet et de la rue animée Raymond Losserand, se balader à pieds est très agréable et plusieurs moyens de transports (bus, metro, cars Air France) sont à proximité.	L'emplacement est très intéressant, à 2 pas de Montparnasse, de Gaîté, du quartier de Edgar Quinet et de la rue animée Raymond Losserand, se balader à pieds est très agréable et plusieurs moyens de transports (bus, metro, cars Air France) sont à proximité. Je suis très joignable et réactif par téléphone et par mail (français et anglais). Les nombreux restaurants (français, italiens, japonais, chinois), la proximité des quartiers de Montparnasse et Gaîté.  Métro ligne 13, plusieurs bus (28, 88 notamment)
25342	Cozy family apartment located in a classic Parisian building from the end of the 19th century, near Place Denfert-Rochereau, just a few minutes away, on foot, from the Montparnasse neighborhood. Ideal for a family of three or four people. The building is at the very heart of the Rue Daguerre market’s pedestrian passage, a true staple of the 14th district. There, you will only be a few seconds away from all the fine elements of French cuisine (bread, pastries, cheese, wine, fish, cold cuts etc.) as well as ethnic food shops, supermarkets and excellent restaurants. On the Place Denfert-Rochereau, you will be able to visit the highly famous Catacombes (underground tombs), which, as you will come to know, played an intricate role in Paris’s History. This typically Parisian neighborhood is very well served by public transport services. Montparnasse, the Quartier Latin, Notre-Dame are just minutes away. Direct metro lines to the Eiffel Tower and both main airports (Roissy and Orly) are less 	Cozy family apartment located in a classic Parisian building from the end of the 19th century, near Place Denfert-Rochereau, just a few minutes away, on foot, from the Montparnasse neighborhood. Ideal for a family of three or four people. The building is at the very heart of the Rue Daguerre market’s pedestrian passage, a true staple of the 14th district. There, you will only be a few seconds away from all the fine elements of French cuisine (bread, pastries, cheese, wine, fish, cold cuts etc.) as well as ethnic food shops, supermarkets and excellent restaurants. On the Place Denfert-Rochereau, you will be able to visit the highly famous Catacombes (underground tombs), which, as you will come to know, played an intricate role in Paris’s History. This typically Parisian neighborhood is very well served by public transport services. Montparnasse, the Quartier Latin, Notre-Dame are just minutes away. Direct metro lines to the Eiffel Tower and both main airports (Roissy and Orly) are less 
25343	Quartier calme avec rue commerçante proche et proximité de tous les transports. Idéal pour visiter Paris sur un week end.	Appartement sur cour au calme, charme de l'ancien avec poutres apparentes. Doté d'une chambre (lit double) et d'un salon avec canapé lit. L'appartement est à deux pas de la gare Montparnasse et donc des transports en commun. (ligne 4,6 12, 13) Quartier calme avec rue commerçante proche et proximité de tous les transports. Idéal pour visiter Paris sur un week end. Interdiction de fumer. Présent au moment de l'arrivée et du départ. Petits commerces, marché. Métro Pernety ou Montparnasse
25344	Apartment (52M2) in typically Parisian neighborhood in non-touristy area.  Very close to metro (Alesia) and RER (Denfert-Rochereau) and Parc Montsouris.  Easy access to Odeon/St Michel (10 minutes by metro or bus) and all tourist sites.  1 bedroom with queen size bed, living room with sofa-bed.  Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with tub.  Television, wifi and landline (free calls to USA).   Comfortable and luminous. Charming neighborhood. Fits up to 3 people. 	    This 52M2 apartment is on a quiet street near Alesia, Denfert Rochereau and the Parc Montsouris. Calm, picturesque street away from busy central Paris, yet easily accessible. Light, pleasant apartment with one bedroom, living room and kitchen.    Apartment (52M2) in typically Parisian neighborhood in non-touristy area.  Very close to metro (Alesia) and RER (Denfert-Rochereau) and Parc Montsouris.  Easy access to Odeon/St Michel (10 minutes by metro or bus) and all tourist sites.  1 bedroom with queen size bed, living room with sofa-bed.  Fully equipped kitchen and bathroom with tub.  Television, wifi and landline (free calls to USA).   Comfortable and luminous. Charming neighborhood. Fits up to 3 people. Everything. This is a private apartment. I'm happy to answer any questions to help guests during their stay. It is quiet, not touristy at all, which is great in the summer when the center of Paris is so busy. It is close to a wonderful parc (Montsouris). Easy access by metro or bus
25345	  Il se situe dans une rue calme, au rez de Chaussée et en fond de court d'un immeuble calme et agréable. Logement idéalement agencé pour 1 ou 2 personnes avec :  -une grande pièce à vivre comprenant le lit 2 places (140x190cm – literie neuve), -un coin bureau ou table à manger pliante avec 2 chaises,  -un espace pour ranger et suspendre ces vêtements,  -un coin cuisine américaine tout équipé (bouilloire, Nespresso, micro onde, 2 plaques électriques, vaisselle etc…) et une salle de bain séparé avec douche cabine et WC.  Vous profiterez de tout le confort disponible (Internet en Wi-Fi - draps de lit et serviettes de bain fournis) et dans un quartier historique, animé et proche de tous commerces, bars, restaurants.  Si vous aimez les bons produits, la rue regorgent d’excellents commerce de bouche comme des boulangeries, bouchers, marchand de vins, et vous n’aurez pas besoin d’aller très loin pour déguster de bons fromages, une délicieuse fromagerie se trouve  à l’entrée de l’immeuble (vo	  Il se situe dans une rue calme, au rez de Chaussée et en fond de court d'un immeuble calme et agréable. Logement idéalement agencé pour 1 ou 2 personnes avec :  -une grande pièce à vivre comprenant le lit 2 places (140x190cm – literie neuve), -un coin bureau ou table à manger pliante avec 2 chaises,  -un espace pour ranger et suspendre ces vêtements,  -un coin cuisine américaine tout équipé (bouilloire, Nespresso, micro onde, 2 plaques électriques, vaisselle etc…) et une salle de bain séparé avec douche cabine et WC.  Vous profiterez de tout le confort disponible (Internet en Wi-Fi - draps de lit et serviettes de bain fournis) et dans un quartier historique, animé et proche de tous commerces, bars, restaurants.  Si vous aimez les bons produits, la rue regorgent d’excellents commerce de bouche comme des boulangeries, bouchers, marchand de vins, et vous n’aurez pas besoin d’aller très loin pour déguster de bons fromages, une délicieuse fromagerie se trouve  à l’entrée de l’immeuble (vo
25346	big bright flat of 100 m2 + 2 balconies of 10 m2 each very close to the parc montsouris with lake inside the parc and amusement manege for kids. It is the biggets lake inside Paris. The flat is very clean and tidy and was remodeled 1 year ago. This flat has 3 bedrooms (2 double beds and 3 single beds) and 2 bathrooms and a very large living room of 45 m2 with some toys for kids. Guest can use the balconies to have their morning coffee or tea. Very close to 7 restaurants and 2 supermarkets. Great location to visit Paris and enjoy the calm of the park when coming back home.	great appartment full of light of 100 m2 with 3 bedrooms and 2 balconies of 10 m2 each very close to Parc Montsouris and close to RER B Cite universitaire. Modern furniture and 2 bathrooms in a safe residence with carpark and house keeper. big bright flat of 100 m2 + 2 balconies of 10 m2 each very close to the parc montsouris with lake inside the parc and amusement manege for kids. It is the biggets lake inside Paris. The flat is very clean and tidy and was remodeled 1 year ago. This flat has 3 bedrooms (2 double beds and 3 single beds) and 2 bathrooms and a very large living room of 45 m2 with some toys for kids. Guest can use the balconies to have their morning coffee or tea. Very close to 7 restaurants and 2 supermarkets. Great location to visit Paris and enjoy the calm of the park when coming back home. guest will have key of the flat i will be available on my mobile in case of any need Neighboorhood is quiet and residential but 1 supermarket in front of the residence and another o
25347	Idéal pour 2 personnes, ce studio de charme se compose de :  - une pièce de vie avec lit double (linge fourni), téléviseur, une vraie cuisine ouverte aménagée (4 plaques vitro-céramiques, une hotte, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un micro-ondes, un lave linge, un grille-pain, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un presse-agrume, vaisselle et équipement minimal de base pour cuisiner - huile, gros sel, condiments, pâtes, café), une table haute avec chaises hautes pouvant accueillir 3 personnes - salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne et radiateur chauffe-serviettes, 2 petites et 2 grandes serviettes et 2 gants, sèche-cheveux,  - table et fer à repasser,  Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser vos affaires et à passer un petit séjour tranquille	Idéal pour 2 personnes, ce studio de charme se compose de :  - une pièce de vie avec lit double (linge fourni), téléviseur, une vraie cuisine ouverte aménagée (4 plaques vitro-céramiques, une hotte, un réfrigérateur-congélateur, un micro-ondes, un lave linge, un grille-pain, une cafetière, une bouilloire, un presse-agrume, vaisselle et équipement minimal de base pour cuisiner - huile, gros sel, condiments, pâtes, café), une table haute avec chaises hautes pouvant accueillir 3 personnes - salle de bain avec douche à l’italienne et radiateur chauffe-serviettes, 2 petites et 2 grandes serviettes et 2 gants, sèche-cheveux,  - table et fer à repasser,  Vous n'avez plus qu'à poser vos affaires et à passer un petit séjour tranquille - accès directs depuis les aéroports Orly (10 minutes, arrêt Montsouris-Tombe Issoire), depuis celui de Roissy par le RER B, arrêt cité universitaire,  - station ligne 4, métro Porte d'Orléans (3 minutes) ou Alésia, 7 minutes,  - Tram T3, porte d'orléans, Bus dess
25348	High ceiling, the living room is on the street side while the bedroom overlooks a small garden.	Located in the 14th Arrondissement of Paris just above the Catacombes, 5 min away from Denfert-Rochereau station with direct connection to Paris Airports, this 60sq m flat offers you a convenient and quiet place to stay for a visit in Paris. High ceiling, the living room is on the street side while the bedroom overlooks a small garden. Full access, Books are not to leave the flat. While you are in the flat i'll be living 25 minutes away, available night & day. You are 3 minutes away from one of the nicest Paris park: le parc Montsouris. You have a market 5 minutes away open twice a week. A supermarket and all commodity are 100m away. Including a very good baker. Parking is usually easy to find just in front of the appartement but you have to pay. 5 minutes walking and you are at Denfert Rochereau Metro Station: a very good hub with 3 lines.
25349	Our place is a very bright and roomy flat in a very quiet street. It is a welcoming and comfortable home, decorated in different styles makes it quirky and charming. The living room has a high ceiling of 4 m height, a modern open kitchen, fully equiped with a washing machine, dishwasher and a nespresso machine.... There is a comfortable sofa, convertible into a 1 person sleep. Upstairs you will find a modern open space bathroom with walk-in shower and a dressing room.  The bedroom, hided under the eaves, is a cocooning nest, with a large 160x200 bed. Situated on the top floor, the place is very quiet nothing would wake you up …. except, perhaps, some sparrow chirping on the roof. there is an access to WIFI, television, linens, iron/ironing board...	This unusual duplex of 50 m2 will accommodate you in an atmosphere that is both warm and design.  The comfortable living room (loft) is open on a kitchen.  Cocooning room nestled under the roof is adjacent to the bathroom.  Ideally located  Our place is a very bright and roomy flat in a very quiet street. It is a welcoming and comfortable home, decorated in different styles makes it quirky and charming. The living room has a high ceiling of 4 m height, a modern open kitchen, fully equiped with a washing machine, dishwasher and a nespresso machine.... There is a comfortable sofa, convertible into a 1 person sleep. Upstairs you will find a modern open space bathroom with walk-in shower and a dressing room.  The bedroom, hided under the eaves, is a cocooning nest, with a large 160x200 bed. Situated on the top floor, the place is very quiet nothing would wake you up …. except, perhaps, some sparrow chirping on the roof. there is an access to WIFI, television, linens, iron/ironing board... 
25350	The flat has a double living-room which is pretty rare in Paris, full of light and space, it is really quiet all day long, and perfect to relax after a long way out	My flat is really great to live in, a lot of light, quiet and with a great warm double living room decorated with arts, and books. The bedroom is at the opposite, very very quiet, and comfy. The flat has a double living-room which is pretty rare in Paris, full of light and space, it is really quiet all day long, and perfect to relax after a long way out -Private bedroom ====> you'll have to go through my roomate bedroom to reach mine, a curtain is creating an artificial corridor. He won't be here until the 15/16 of august. -Shared living room, kitchen and bathroom I will be here most of the time until the 9th August to the 16th, a friend will take care of you My roomate may come back for few around the 12-15 of August, he is really friendly and nice even if he is not really good in english. Charming and so typically Rive Gauche. Quiet and not only residential you'll find everything you need around the house Two metro lines, 1 RER line, many bus lines, you can go everywhere you need rea
25351	Une chambre avec un lit double (140X200cm) L'autre chambre a un lit superposé et un lit mezzanine (les trois lits mesurent 90X200cm)	Appartement atypique refait à neuf par un architecte au coeur du 14ème entre Alésia et Denfert-Rochereau.  Tous les commerces au pied. Salon, salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte 2 chambres (1 double, et une avec 3 lits) SDB avec baignoire Une chambre avec un lit double (140X200cm) L'autre chambre a un lit superposé et un lit mezzanine (les trois lits mesurent 90X200cm) Quartier très commerçant.  Rue Daguerre à 5 min. très agréable pour son marché et ses cafés et restaurants aussi bien en journée que le soir. Besoin de verdure : marchez 10 min et profitez du parc Montsouris En quelques stations de métro vous serez à St Germain des prés, St Michel, le Luxembourg... RER Denfert -Rochereau à 7 min Métro Denfert-Rochereau et Alésia à 7 min Métro Mouton Duvernet à 2 min
25352	Cozy, sunny and quiet Paris one bedroom apartment with an amazing view on Paris.  The flat has a large entrance, cozy living room, fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bedroom with a large office, and a bathroom. Toilet has its own room.  The apartment is located in a building with elevator. Very ideal for 2 people but it fits 4 people. The bedroom includes a very cozy double bed, lamps, a night table and a small desk and a chair. There is a large window which makes it very luminous. Enjoy a made glass dining table with 4 seats. There are 2 arms chairs with a sofa bed convertible into a double bed. It's very comfortable. There is a nice flat tv screen with cable and wireless internet. The kitchen has everything you need including a glass ceramic stove, linen washing machine, fridge and silverware.    You'll appreciate excellent restaurants, cafes and bars around. Also easy public transportation. Within walking distance is 'rue Daguerre' and its vast selection of fresh produces, wine and	This sunny apartment is perfect for a couple. The neighborhood is very calm. Nevertheless, you'll find a lot of shops just down the building, rue Daguerre. Enjoy Montparnasse lifestyle! Cozy, sunny and quiet Paris one bedroom apartment with an amazing view on Paris.  The flat has a large entrance, cozy living room, fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bedroom with a large office, and a bathroom. Toilet has its own room.  The apartment is located in a building with elevator. Very ideal for 2 people but it fits 4 people. The bedroom includes a very cozy double bed, lamps, a night table and a small desk and a chair. There is a large window which makes it very luminous. Enjoy a made glass dining table with 4 seats. There are 2 arms chairs with a sofa bed convertible into a double bed. It's very comfortable. There is a nice flat tv screen with cable and wireless internet. The kitchen has everything you need including a glass ceramic stove, linen washing machine, fridge and silverware.    You
25353	Trés agréable appartement calme et lumineux. Atypique pour Paris, avec un grand jardin privatif, terrasse au 5 ème étage pour déjeuner au soleil. Grand baie vitrée. 1 grand salon avec canapé lit et 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés. Cuisine équipé, four, frigo, lave vaisselle, SDB avec douche et lave et sèche (website hidden), Wifi, lecteur DVD.	Calme, séjour donnant sur jardin privatif auquel vous avez accès, ainsi que notre poulailler, séjour canapé lit, chambre 2 lits superposés,TV Wifi, lecteur DVD. lave/sèche linge, lave vaisselle. Proche Catacombes, Montparnasse, jardin du Luxembourg. Trés agréable appartement calme et lumineux. Atypique pour Paris, avec un grand jardin privatif, terrasse au 5 ème étage pour déjeuner au soleil. Grand baie vitrée. 1 grand salon avec canapé lit et 1 chambre avec 2 lits superposés. Cuisine équipé, four, frigo, lave vaisselle, SDB avec douche et lave et sèche (website hidden), Wifi, lecteur DVD. jardin, terrasse et notre poulailler Quartier piéton rue Daguerre et nombreux commerçants, nombreux monuments et quartiers  à visiter aux alentours: Catacombes, jardins du Luxembourg, Montparnasse et le quartier St Michel. Nombreux transport en commun, bus (38, 68, 88), métro ligne 6 et 4 et RER B Denfert Rochereau, ORLY BUS. tout ça à 5 minutes à pieds. Proche gare Montparnasse. Si besoin une place 
25354	Vous êtes libres dans votre séjour! Vous récupérez les clés quand vous voulez et vous avez une bagagerie.  You can arrive whenever you want and you have à spot where you can put you luggages once you check out!	Five minutes from Gare Montparnasse. Five minutes from Orly and CDG airport shuttle. Ten minutes from the center by métro. Located in lovely pedestrian street. 
25355		Cet appartement ravira les personnes voulant découvrir paris. metro a 100m.Quartier denfert-rochereau tres calme et touristique, proche montmarnasse. Le Marais, le Louvre,Chatelet a 15mn de métro. L'appartement est tout équipé (four,lave vaisselle, lave linge,sèche linge)et peut accueillir deux personnes. Idéal pour un couple.  Bon séjour!! metro ligne 4 a proximité. Montparnasse a 10mn a pied. Châtelet, Louvre, tour effeil, a 10mn en metro. Saint germain des près, jardin du luxembourg a 15 mn a pied ou 5mn de metro. Denfert rochereau et les catacombes a 5mn a pied. La ligne 4 traverse paris du nord au sud et passe par les principaux quartiers a visiter. L'accueil et le départ. Le quartier est très commerçant et même le dimanche. Calme mais a la fois proche des quartiers vivant comme Bastille, Saint germain des près, Montparnasse...un tres bon quartier pour découvrir Paris. Rer B station denfer rochereau ou Metro ligne 4 sortie Mouton duvernet ou Denfert rochereau. Acces en voiture par
25356	Bright 2 rooms apartment perfectly located in the south of Paris, and very well served by public transportation.  The apartment is clean (totally renoved recently), cosy and has a balcony where you'll be able to enjoy a clear view on Paris roofs, Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, while sipping a cup of coffee.  The building is very safe (2 digicodes) and clean. The apartment is on the 7th and last floor (elevator).	Bright and cosy appartement with balcony (view on the roofs of Paris), in a safe area,very well located and deserved (direct lines from airports). Bright 2 rooms apartment perfectly located in the south of Paris, and very well served by public transportation.  The apartment is clean (totally renoved recently), cosy and has a balcony where you'll be able to enjoy a clear view on Paris roofs, Montparnasse and the Eiffel Tower, while sipping a cup of coffee.  The building is very safe (2 digicodes) and clean. The apartment is on the 7th and last floor (elevator). - Living room : Sofa-bed (for two), Wifi,  - Bedroom : bed for two.  - Bathroom: washing machine, iron, hair dryer – Separate Water Closets.  - Kitchen: oven, microwave, refrigerator, kettle, stove, pots, pressure cooker… I love travelling, and I am always trying to visit a city like its habitants would do. So, I will try to share with you all the good tips of Paris. The neighborhood is safe, and well connected. 3 min walk from t
25357		Agréable chambre dans appartement situé entre les stations Plaisance et Porte de Vanves sur la L 13. Quartier calme. Nombreux commerces à proximité. Possibilité d'utiliser le canapé-lit du salon pour voyageurs en plus. N'hésitez pas pour plus d'info!
25358	Small old building in a calm area yet at 20 minutes from the very heart of Paris, by a direct metro line. We live there and we are happy to welcome hosts for a few days while we are away.	"Cozy apartment of 80 sq meter, 20 minutes from Notre Dame cathedral, directly, by Métro (ligne 4). Ideally located in a quiet area, your visit in Paris will be a pure pleasure! This is not a hotel; you will stay some days amid our personal souvenirs Small old building in a calm area yet at 20 minutes from the very heart of Paris, by a direct metro line. We live there and we are happy to welcome hosts for a few days while we are away. 35 minutes from Orly airport by bus shuttle and 50' from Charles-de-Gaulle airport by RER train. Wifi, all equipped house We will exchange keys the day prior or of entrance according to your time of arrival; we will be happy to provide advice on places to visit in Paris and on neighborhood commodities (restaurants, shops, free bike spots ...) Very close to a large variety of shops metro, bus and tram at 100 m; 3 ""velib"" (free bikes of the Paris municipality) spots in the area. How to get there Take the metro line 4 and stop at station Porte d'Orléans. When"
25359	L'appartment est refait à neuf, très bien entretenu et décoré avec beaucoup de goût. Il est situé sur une artère pleine d'histoire : le boulevard raspail. L'immeuble a été construit en 1890, juste en face de l'ancienne maison de Picasso (au 242) et a deux pas de la fondation Cartier (au 261). Il offre également une vue imprenable et sans vis à vis sur l'un des plus beaux passages de Paris : Le passage d'Enfer	Deux pièces dans un immeuble ancien (construit en 1890) typique de la capitale, dans un quartier très chic et très animé. Profitez de sa cuisine toute équipée, de sa vue (sans vis-à-vis) sur le passage d'enfer, et de sa proximité avec les principales lignes de métro (4,6,12,13) L'appartment est refait à neuf, très bien entretenu et décoré avec beaucoup de goût. Il est situé sur une artère pleine d'histoire : le boulevard raspail. L'immeuble a été construit en 1890, juste en face de l'ancienne maison de Picasso (au 242) et a deux pas de la fondation Cartier (au 261). Il offre également une vue imprenable et sans vis à vis sur l'un des plus beaux passages de Paris : Le passage d'Enfer Toutes les commoditées qu'offre l'appartement Toujours disponible pour le petit déjeune, mais également pour boire un bon vin ou une bonne bière le soir venu aussi bien à la maison que dans les nombreux bars et bistrots du quartier Son charme unique, sa qualité de vie, son histoire et son ambiance en font i
25360	You have a big garden : it's nice during winter to look it from inside and during summer it's nice to  be able to drink outside by staying at home.	If you love Paris theaters, if you want an apartment very close to Montparnasse, or if you just want to visit Paris attractions without being far from it, THIS APARTMENT IS YOURS !    You have a big garden : it's nice during winter to look it from inside and during summer it's nice to  be able to drink outside by staying at home. You have a free access to all the apartment and all the garden.  It's better to smoke outside (in the garden) even if it's cold I know :)
25361	"Hi ! We are two sisters, Astrid and Clémence and my dad (but he doesn't live here, he just has his desk!) who occasionally rent the living room in our own appartment where you can find a very comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people. If you are not a couple we can easily add a single bed. We will lend you sheets and towels. The shared rooms are the bathroom and the kitchen, of course you can cook. We offer you a french breakfast (tea, coffea, milk, fruits juice, toasts, butter & marmelade) but there is also a nice ""boulangerie"" few meters away with french croissants. We have a long balcony, useful if you smoke ! Our appartment is located between the Place Denfert-Rochereau (metro 4, 6 and RER B - straight to both airports) and the Parc Montsouris (great for pic-nics and running), and you will find shops, markets and cinemas few minutes away by foot. You can visit Paris very easily with subways and buses.  If you are really interested, we would appreciate if you send us a message to introduce "	"Hi ! We are two sisters, Astrid and Clémence and my dad (but he doesn't live here, he just has his desk!) who occasionally rent the living room in our own appartment where you can find a very comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people. If you are not a couple we can easily add a single bed. We will lend you sheets and towels. The shared rooms are the bathroom and the kitchen, of course you can cook. We offer you a french breakfast (tea, coffea, milk, fruits juice, toasts, butter & marmelade) but there is also a nice ""boulangerie"" few meters away with french croissants. We have a long balcony, useful if you smoke ! Our appartment is located between the Place Denfert-Rochereau (metro 4, 6 and RER B - straight to both airports) and the Parc Montsouris (great for pic-nics and running), and you will find shops, markets and cinemas few minutes away by foot. You can visit Paris very easily with subways and buses.  If you are really interested, we would appreciate if you send us a message to introduce "
25362		A beautiful, turn of the century apartment with wooden floors and large windows, near to metro 4 and 13. 62sqm, the flat sleeps max 4 adults (1 double bed, 1 sofa-bed), 1 child, 1 baby. Wifi, heating,  bathtub, washing machine, dishwasher. Walking distance to Luxembourg gardens, Parc Montsouris, the famous cemitière Montparnasse, a short and very pleasant bus-ride to the best shopping districts in rive gauche, cafés, restaurants, small shops, museums, Catacombes, etc, etc!
25363	Located in a pure art deco block (1933) in 14th district, view over the eiffel tower and the inner garden planted with trees. It takes fifteen minutes from the center of Paris by tube (M4).	Separate entrance, surface area of 15 m², one bedroom with views over the rooftops of Paris and the Eiffel Tower, accomodation capacity of two people, beautiful bathroom with shower, everything you need to prepare breakfeast (coffee, electric kettle, tea, ingredients). Very well served by tube, bus, tramway. Located in a pure art deco block (1933) in 14th district, view over the eiffel tower and the inner garden planted with trees. It takes fifteen minutes from the center of Paris by tube (M4). Tube station (M4) : Porte d'Orléans, Tramway stations (T3) : Porte d'Orléans or Jean Moulin. Your hosts will be happy to greet you around a drink in their artist's studio or on the terrace overlooking the Eiffel Tower according the weather. It will be the opportunity to give you the good adresses ... Many shops at the foot of the building: restaurants, breweries , bakeries , pharmacies ... Visit of the Catacombes which are very famous. Many famous artists and painters used to live in the 14th di
25364	The flat includes a bed room - with a double bed and a closet (the bed is a Japanese bed : futon + tatami) -, a living room, a fully-equiped kitchen, a bathroom (with a bath) and toilets. It is very calm because both sides it overlooks courtyards. It is very sunny (lots of windows), but not very hot in  summer. Wifi access Washing machine Towels and sheets Fridge Freezer Oven Gas stove Coffe machine Kettle Toaster The Pernety area is pleasant and looks like a small village in the city. There is a lot of cafés, markets and shops. You can walk in small, flowered and calm streets (such as Rue des Thermopyles or Cité Bauer) and see the houses which are typical of the area.  Although it is very close to each places in Paris, tourists usually don't come here which makes of this area an authentic Parisian area. You will easily understand why Georges Brassens used to live there. The flat is located on the line 13, so it is less than ten minutes away from the Gare Montparnasse (where the trains	Charming Parisian flat (parquet, moulures, cheminée) in the center of Paris, 14th district, Pernety area. Very close to a subway station. The 14th is a typical Parisian district (and not yet well known by tourists), lots of cafés and shops, Brassens used to live here. The flat includes a bed room - with a double bed and a closet (the bed is a Japanese bed : futon + tatami) -, a living room, a fully-equiped kitchen, a bathroom (with a bath) and toilets. It is very calm because both sides it overlooks courtyards. It is very sunny (lots of windows), but not very hot in  summer. Wifi access Washing machine Towels and sheets Fridge Freezer Oven Gas stove Coffe machine Kettle Toaster The Pernety area is pleasant and looks like a small village in the city. There is a lot of cafés, markets and shops. You can walk in small, flowered and calm streets (such as Rue des Thermopyles or Cité Bauer) and see the houses which are typical of the area.  Although it is very close to each places in Paris, t
25365		Grand studio orienté Est, avec un balcon et pas de vis à vis, très silencieux. Il est composé d'une grande chambre, une salle de bain et une petite cuisine. Juste en bas de l'immeuble vous trouvez le métro, des bus et commerces de toute sorte.   
25366		2 pièces de 43m2, 2eme étage, avec asc.  Appartement ent.équipé .  - Coin salon avec TV, canapé - Coin salle à manger avec table, 4 chaises  -Chambre séparée avec lit 2 places   - Wifi, Lave-linge, Serviettes  -proche des RER B, lignes 4, 6
25367	Notre appartement très calme offre tout l'équipement nécessaire pour vous sentir chez vous. Il se compose d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une pièce à vivre avec la cuisine ainsi qu'un bar donnant sur le salon, d'une salle de bain avec douche et de toilettes séparés. L'appartement a beaucoup de charme et donne sur une cour intérieure. S'il est y sixième étage (sans ascenseur), le calme qu'il offre en vaut la peine ! Vous aurez accès à tout l'équipement de l'appartement, à savoir four, micro-ondes, cuisinière, machine à laver, sèche cheveux et internet (fibre). Nous serons présent à votre arrivée pour vous accueillir ainsi qu'à votre départ, nous vous laisserons nos numéros de portable à disposition pour toutes questions. L'appartement se situe dans une rue calme, mais proche de tout: Le quartier de Montparnasse à 5mn à pied, la très commerçante rue de Rennes, la rue de la Gaîté et tous ses théâtres,le quartier Denfert Rochereau et les catacombes. Vous trouverez tous les commerces né	Notre appartement très calme offre tout l'équipement nécessaire pour vous sentir chez vous. Il se compose d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une pièce à vivre avec la cuisine ainsi qu'un bar donnant sur le salon, d'une salle de bain avec douche et de toilettes séparés. L'appartement a beaucoup de charme et donne sur une cour intérieure. S'il est y sixième étage (sans ascenseur), le calme qu'il offre en vaut la peine ! Vous aurez accès à tout l'équipement de l'appartement, à savoir four, micro-ondes, cuisinière, machine à laver, sèche cheveux et internet (fibre). Nous serons présent à votre arrivée pour vous accueillir ainsi qu'à votre départ, nous vous laisserons nos numéros de portable à disposition pour toutes questions. L'appartement se situe dans une rue calme, mais proche de tout: Le quartier de Montparnasse à 5mn à pied, la très commerçante rue de Rennes, la rue de la Gaîté et tous ses théâtres,le quartier Denfert Rochereau et les catacombes. Vous trouverez tous les commerces né
25368	Two-room appartment: one bedroom on a bright courtyard and a kitchen / living-room on the street side. Bathroom with walk-in shower. In the living room: a comfortable leather sofa bed, an adjustable table (either coffee table or dining table), and a wooden bar which can be folded against the wall. The kitchen is new and fully equipped ( including a dishwasher). In the bedroom: a comfortable double bed, large wardrobe with mirror doors. There is also a small room with a washing machine. Well: everything you need! I bought this apartment one year ago. I completely renewed it. I live in it all year round , but I rent it when I travel . Much of the furniture is new, including the bed , the sofa bed, the bathroom and the kitchen. The apartment very central : near Rue Daguerre, and Denfert Rochereau.	Luminous two-room appartment, cosy, renewed in 2014, 3rd floor without elevator. Very central position: near all kinds of shops, bars, restaurants... Nearby metro lines 4 and 6, buses and RER B.  Bienvenus ! Two-room appartment: one bedroom on a bright courtyard and a kitchen / living-room on the street side. Bathroom with walk-in shower. In the living room: a comfortable leather sofa bed, an adjustable table (either coffee table or dining table), and a wooden bar which can be folded against the wall. The kitchen is new and fully equipped ( including a dishwasher). In the bedroom: a comfortable double bed, large wardrobe with mirror doors. There is also a small room with a washing machine. Well: everything you need! I bought this apartment one year ago. I completely renewed it. I live in it all year round , but I rent it when I travel . Much of the furniture is new, including the bed , the sofa bed, the bathroom and the kitchen. The apartment very central : near Rue Daguerre, and Denfe
25369		IDEAL POUR VISITER PARIS OU SEJOUR Bel appartement de 27 m2, pour 1 à 2 personnes. Situé à deux pas du métros : Pernety  ligne 13. Studio meublé , salle d'eau avec WC et cuisine entièrement équipée. Chambre avec grand canapé lit. Le 14eme est un quartier calme, à l'abri de la frénésie et de la foule de l'hypercentre parisien.Parsemé de rue piétonne pavées, d'espaces verts (la rue et le parc des Thermopyles, parc Montsouris, parc Atlantique...)et de multiple brasseries, bistrots, bar-café ainsi que de nombreux cinémas/musées/théatre(Gaumont Alésia, l'Entrepôt,UGC montparnasse, la Fondation quartier...) Métro Pernety : L 13 Bus 58 , 91 , 62. LES SERVIETTES DE BAINS NE SONT PAS FOURNIES !
25370	Charming 2 rooms near Montparnasse district - on a Courtyard, a typical parisian apartment. 2 rooms - 20M2 - 220 sq. ft On a quiet and gardened courtyard, 2nd floor (staircases), bright and charming 1 bedroom, with separate small bathroom & kitchen, 1 living room with a sofa-bed. No waste of space, well organized. Fully renovated in May 2010. Comfortable bedding. Direct buses (Air France coaches) from Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle & Orly Airports (5/7 min walk).  Near Montparnasse train station (5/7 min walk) Touristic sites located from 15 to 30 min by Metro or Buses : Notre-Dame de Paris, Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Quai Branly, Avenue des Champs-Elysées, Beaubourg/Centre Georges Pompidou...etc A lot of shops (supermarket, bakery, butcher...) and restaurants at less than 2 min walk.  You will leave in a parisian apartment, without the noise of Paris (quiet courtyard) and with all facilities to visit Paris ! 	On a quiet courtyard, 2nd floor, bright apt : 1 living-room with a sofa-bed, 1 bedroom, separate small bathroom & small kitchen. No waste of space, well organize. Metro station, 2' walk, food shops & restaurants, 1' walk. Very secure environment. Charming 2 rooms near Montparnasse district - on a Courtyard, a typical parisian apartment. 2 rooms - 20M2 - 220 sq. ft On a quiet and gardened courtyard, 2nd floor (staircases), bright and charming 1 bedroom, with separate small bathroom & kitchen, 1 living room with a sofa-bed. No waste of space, well organized. Fully renovated in May 2010. Comfortable bedding. Direct buses (Air France coaches) from Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle & Orly Airports (5/7 min walk).  Near Montparnasse train station (5/7 min walk) Touristic sites located from 15 to 30 min by Metro or Buses : Notre-Dame de Paris, Musée du Louvre, Tour Eiffel, Musée d'Orsay, Musée du Quai Branly, Avenue des Champs-Elysées, Beaubourg/Centre Georges Pompidou...etc A lot of shops (supermarke
25371	Composed of a bedroom , a living room , a kitchen and a bathroom with Balnéotherapy shower   Quiet and bright, very well located on Boulevard Brune and very well served by public transport ( tram , metro, Velib , Autolib ') The apartment was completely renovated in late 2014. All the furniture is new: - A living room overlooking an open kitchen - 1 bedroom with 1 double bed for 2 persons 140x200 - A REAL sofa bed Rapido (high density mattress 140x200) - Bathroom with Balnéo shower and bathroom cabinet , hairdryer , straighteners , dry towel. - A separate and fully equipped kitchen ( Microwave, Rice -cooker , Washer / dryer, fridge / freezer ... traditional coffee machine and Nespresso - INTERNET unlimited Wi-Fi , a computer is at your disposal . - Digital television with hundreds of channels from around the world and in all languages . - Wii Console . - ( ON REQUEST) phone to many destinations in France and fixed abroad. ( no abuse please .. ) - Sheets, blankets, towels. - Tea, coffee 	2 bedroom apartment recently renovated and furnished .Third floor with elevator: one bedroom, a lounge, new kitchen and bathroom with balneotherapy shower  Maximum capacity 4 people. Composed of a bedroom , a living room , a kitchen and a bathroom with Balnéotherapy shower   Quiet and bright, very well located on Boulevard Brune and very well served by public transport ( tram , metro, Velib , Autolib ') The apartment was completely renovated in late 2014. All the furniture is new: - A living room overlooking an open kitchen - 1 bedroom with 1 double bed for 2 persons 140x200 - A REAL sofa bed Rapido (high density mattress 140x200) - Bathroom with Balnéo shower and bathroom cabinet , hairdryer , straighteners , dry towel. - A separate and fully equipped kitchen ( Microwave, Rice -cooker , Washer / dryer, fridge / freezer ... traditional coffee machine and Nespresso - INTERNET unlimited Wi-Fi , a computer is at your disposal . - Digital television with hundreds of channels from around th
25372	I'm renting my nice and calm studio which is located between Denfert-Rochereau and Montparnasse near to the lively rue Daguerre. It is in a safe neighbourhood with lots of cafés and restaurants.	I'm renting my nice and calm studio which is located between Denfert-Rochereau and Montparnasse near to the lively rue Daguerre. It is in a safe neighbourhood with lots of cafés and restaurants.
25373		Chambre séparée dans un T3 avec salon. J'occuperai en principe l'autre chambre, ma colocataire n'emménageant que fin septembre. Très calme, il est idéalement situé avec tous commerces à proximité, piscine et métro (M4, Alésia, M6 et RER B Denfert Rochereau). Toutes les commodités nécessaires sauf Internet et la télévision. EN : bedroom in a very quiet 3-rooms flat, including a livingroom. No TV and no Internet. Many shops, swimingpool, métro 4, 6 et RER B. I'll occupy the other room. Vous pouvez utiliser la cuisine et le salon. La salle de bain est partagée, avec une porte dans chaque chambre. EN : You may use the kitchen and livingroom. Bathroom is shared with the other bedroom, with a door for each room.
25374	Studio pour une à deux persons.  Une pièce principals avec coin de cuisine,salle de douche et wc séparer. Viain de l'à rénover parquet et meubler. Decort sinple et agreeable. Proche de toutes commodités, c'est un quartier très sympa à vivre  Idéale pour des personnes seule et étudient ou voyageurs du couple.	Studio situé dans une rue calme, à 5 minutes du parc montsouris et du métro. Facile d'accès depuis l'aéroport ( RER b pour cdg et Orly bus pour Orly ).巴黎小屋单间套房，清静舒适，备用所有家具.无线网络。近巴黎所有的景区只需10至30分钟左右，交通方便B线直达巴黎圣母院，蓬皮杜文化中心，戴高乐，奥利机场，火车东站，北站。 Studio pour une à deux persons.  Une pièce principals avec coin de cuisine,salle de douche et wc séparer. Viain de l'à rénover parquet et meubler. Decort sinple et agreeable. Proche de toutes commodités, c'est un quartier très sympa à vivre  Idéale pour des personnes seule et étudient ou voyageurs du couple. 能使用：屋内所有家具，厨房所有歺具，浴室所有用具。但必需保证清洁！物归原处！ 禁止动修：屋內电表，水表，freebox 不能动! 每次入住接待，只要房客需要随时能互动。 首先我们的区域安全，交通四通八达十分便利。 生活购物：超市近在三五分钟 价格在中等级。 就餐：有中、曰、法、意大利餐馆 ，快餐店肯德基、麦当劳....等等  步行五分钟可在蒙苏利公园休闲、散步，锻炼身体。 公交车：88，68，62，38 ，28，无轨电车 地铁：4 ，6号线，快车B线
25375		Chambre calme, simple et chaleureuse. Le quartier de la porte d'Orléans est très servi en commerces (achats alimentaires, vestimentaires, sorties). Il dessert tous les centres d'intérêts de la capitale (métro Alésia ligne 4, bus 28, 58, 68, tram).  La porte d'Orléans est la première porte d'entrée sur Paris.  Ainsi le quartier est très animé (commerces de première nécessité, de vêtements et de cadeaux,  cafés, restaurants, cinémas, médecins...) et très bien desservi.  POUR ARRIVER JUSQU’À A VOTRE CHAMBRE:  * Des gares Montparnasse, du Nord, de l'Est:  métro ligne 4 en direction de Mairie de Montrouge jusqu'à Alésia * De la gare d'Austerlitz:  métro ligne 10 en direction de Boulogne Pont de Saint Cloud jusqu'à la station Odéon puis ligne 4 en direction de Mairie de Montrouge jusqu'à la station Alésia  * De la gare de Lyon:  métro ligne 14 en direction de Saint Lazare jusqu'à Châtelet  puis ligne 4 en direction de Mairie de Montrouge jusqu'à Alésia * De la Gare Saint Lazare:  métro ligne
25376		Très bel appartement dans le 14ème, à 2 minutes à pieds du métro, bus et des vélib
25377	Studio spacieux très agréable refait à neuf dans un style sobre et épuré, au 8ème étage,très lumineux Est-Sud-Ouest,terrasse privée de 10m2 avec vue sur Paris. Immeuble calme et sécurisé Digicode. Ascenseur. Quartier animé vivant et pratique: tous commerces, Tous transports: Métro Bus station Vélib à 1 minute. Direct Champs Elysées, Montparnasse, près des Catacombes Denfert Rochereau. 	Studio spacieux très agréable refait à neuf dans un style sobre, épuré très lumineux Est-Sud-Ouest au 8ème étage,terrasse privée 10m2 avec vue dégagée sur Paris. Quartier animé vivant et pratique: tous commerces, tous transports: MétroBusStationVélib Studio spacieux très agréable refait à neuf dans un style sobre et épuré, au 8ème étage,très lumineux Est-Sud-Ouest,terrasse privée de 10m2 avec vue sur Paris. Immeuble calme et sécurisé Digicode. Ascenseur. Quartier animé vivant et pratique: tous commerces, Tous transports: Métro Bus station Vélib à 1 minute. Direct Champs Elysées, Montparnasse, près des Catacombes Denfert Rochereau. Logement entier avec une terrasse privée au 8ème étage . Idéal pour un couple.  Nombreux rangements. Nombreuses commodités d'accés. Je parle anglais et peux vous aider si vous avez des questions. Je me ferais un plaisir de vous indiquer des adresses dans le quartier et dans Paris selon vos goûts. Quartier animé vivant et pratique: tous commerces, Simply, Mono
25378	"Welcome in this lovely furnished & clean apartment of 2 rooms, with its ancient hardwood floor! This flat has everything you can need to make your stay in Paris amazing. It includes a kitchen (oven, refrigerator, microwave, raclette & fondu appliances, washing machine, dishwasher ...), bathroom (bath/shower, sink), separate toilet, a living room (sofa bed for 2 persons, table for 5 persons, chairs, TV, cable wi-fi connection) and a large bedroom (very comfy double bed, wardrobe). The apartment is located in a quiet area of the « 14ème arrondissement » of Paris, near the park Parc Monsouris and at a walking distance of one of the most well-known district of Paris ""Denfert Rochereau"" and its catacombs. : this very dynamic area with many shops, supermarkets, cinema, bars and restaurants of all kinds will allow you to experience the traditional parisian atmosphère. On the weekend, you can enjoy the Rue Daguerre & Avenue General Leclerc, with  a little market to buy your fresh fruits and ve"	A luxery, lovely & highly furnished apartment in one of the most authentic area of Paris...in a quiet & traditional building! 
25379	Central 35 m² (380ft²) one bedroom apartment, ideal for a couple or two and small families, with a hosting capacity of 5 people (up to 3 can sleep on the living room double bed sofas, one of which is a ground mattress). You would have the apartment to yourselves.   Very safe and non touristy neighborhood which has abundant transportation in all directions (main tourist spots in 15mn), and is convenient and vibrant by day and night (Porte d'Orléans & Alésia subways), with many charming shopping and dining facilities. Direct commute to/from Paris AIRPORTS Charles the Gaulle (30-40 min) or Orly (20 min), and TRAIN STATIONS (Montparnasse & Gare du Nord/EuroStar). The neighborhood is very peaceful and green, amidst artistic Parisian living quarters right next to the Parc Montsouris and Cité Universitaire Internationale. Giving on a quiet courtyard, this 2nd floor apartment has been newly renovated, yet its original 1914 charm with its chimney and wooden parquet floors 'd'époque' has been pr	Calm & central 35 m² (380ft²) one bedrm apartment, next to Parc Montsouris, 2 metros, RER B, tram, buses + rental cars/bikes (arrondissement 14).  Very safe & convenient area, ideal for couples or families (up to 5).  Fantastic kitchen & non smoking. Central 35 m² (380ft²) one bedroom apartment, ideal for a couple or two and small families, with a hosting capacity of 5 people (up to 3 can sleep on the living room double bed sofas, one of which is a ground mattress). You would have the apartment to yourselves.   Very safe and non touristy neighborhood which has abundant transportation in all directions (main tourist spots in 15mn), and is convenient and vibrant by day and night (Porte d'Orléans & Alésia subways), with many charming shopping and dining facilities. Direct commute to/from Paris AIRPORTS Charles the Gaulle (30-40 min) or Orly (20 min), and TRAIN STATIONS (Montparnasse & Gare du Nord/EuroStar). The neighborhood is very peaceful and green, amidst artistic Parisian living quar
25380	At the heart of the Montparnasse neighborhood, a pleasant, newly redone studio apartment for one or two people. Designed by an interior architect in 2013 ((website hidden)) ; the paints are mineral, lead-free and solvent-free. Located on the 2nd floor (French 1st floor), its double glazed windows look out on a quaint courtyard paved with cobblestones. This heated apartment is furnished with a fully equipped kitchenette with a fridge, a cooktop and a kettle; authentic Parisian bistro table and chairs; a double bed with a comfortable mattress and 100% cotton sheets and pillowcases; a closet fitted with a hanging rod and shelves; an iron and ironing board. The bathroom has shower, sink, toilet as well as heating. Optical fiber wifi. Lots of public transportation nearby: buses 68 and 91, metro stops Raspail and Edgar Quinet, RER and gare Montparnasse (where the Air France bus from the airport stops; and a half-hour from Versailles).  Near the famous brasserie La Coupole, the Fondation Cart	At the heart of the Montparnasse neighborhood, a pleasant, newly redone studio apartment for one or two people. Designed by an interior architect in 2013 ((website hidden)) ; the paints are mineral, lead-free and solvent-free. Located on the 2nd floor (French 1st floor), its double glazed windows look out on a quaint courtyard paved with cobblestones. This heated apartment is furnished with a fully equipped kitchenette with a fridge, a cooktop and a kettle; authentic Parisian bistro table and chairs; a double bed with a comfortable mattress and 100% cotton sheets and pillowcases; a closet fitted with a hanging rod and shelves; an iron and ironing board. The bathroom has shower, sink, toilet as well as heating. Optical fiber wifi. Lots of public transportation nearby: buses 68 and 91, metro stops Raspail and Edgar Quinet, RER and gare Montparnasse (where the Air France bus from the airport stops; and a half-hour from Versailles).  Near the famous brasserie La Coupole, the Fondation Cart
25381	Nice place  32 m2 with kitchen :  fridge, oven, micro-waves oven, hot plat, Nespresso Machine et Congélateur. Table with 2 seats. Living-room with bed coach for 2 people, table, TV and WIFI. Part of the place with a bed for 2 people.  Bathroom with washing machine and bath..	Nice bright flat with kitchen. 4 people can sleep in this place, the are one bed and one coach for 2 people. The neighborhood is very nice and the street and the building very quiet. It's a family neighborhood. Nice place  32 m2 with kitchen :  fridge, oven, micro-waves oven, hot plat, Nespresso Machine et Congélateur. Table with 2 seats. Living-room with bed coach for 2 people, table, TV and WIFI. Part of the place with a bed for 2 people.  Bathroom with washing machine and bath.. The guests can be use sheets, towels, shower gel, shampoo and toilet paper.  They can find some products to eat and to drink : Tea, Coffee, Butter, Marmelade, Salt,Paper, Oil,  Huile, Pasta …) The guests can be write me by airbnb by mail before the check in. During the stay, I wil be availabe by Airbnb, by mail or by phone. Nice neighborhood with shops (Fruits and Vegetables shop, Baker's shop, Cheese shop, Flower shop, …) and others coffee, restaurants. Market every sunday. Cinemas, McDonald, Burger King, S
25382	"Come to visit Paris and enjoy your time in the 14th arrondissement ! My flat is located really close to Rue Daguerre, a typical Parisian street with really nice food stores. You are also very close to Montparnasse - where you can find theatres, bars and charming ""crêperies"", and the small village of the Pernety neighborhood ! The flat has a living room with open kitchen, a sofa and a nice counter ;  one big bedroom with double bed, staircases and a desk, plus the bathroom (shower). It is bright and really nice to hang at, with a nice view to a courtyard. Washing machine, Internet WIFI.  Plenty of options to get there : RER B (direct to the airports), metro lines 13, 6 and 4, bus lines 58, 28, 38...  Feel free to contact me if you have any question ! "	"AVAILABLE FOR SUMMER (JULY - AUGUST 2015) OR SHORT TERM RENTAL DURING THE YEAR Come to visit Paris and enjoy your time in the 14th arrondissement ! My flat is located really close to Rue Daguerre, a typical Parisian street with really nice food stores. You are also very close to Montparnasse - where you can find theatres, bars and charming ""crêperies"", and the small village of the Pernety neighborhood ! The flat has a living room with open kitchen, a sofa and a nice counter ;  one big bedroom with double bed, staircases and a desk, plus the bathroom (shower). It is bright and really nice to hang at, with a nice view to a courtyard. Washing machine, Internet WIFI.  Plenty of options to get there : RER B (direct to the airports), metro lines 13, 6 and 4, bus lines 58, 28, 38...  Feel free to contact me if you have any question !"
25383		Appartement deux pièces de 45m² comprenant une chambre de 16m², un séjour de 16m², une cuisine et une salle de bain. L'appartement est situé rue Didot juste à côté du tram et à proximité des lignes 13 et 4.
25384	Description : YOUR ROOM (150 sqf) comes FULLY FURNISHED with: - a brand-new double bed - a closet  - big windows with lots of light and nice curtains - a desktop computer (100 M internet) for your personal use or wireless for your laptop. .... to make you feel home away from home ! LARGE STYLISH APARTMENT WITH ALL MODERN AMENITIES: free wifi great VIEW of Paris and its rooftops relaxed atmosphere spotless CLEAN authentic Parisian feel with fireplace, moldings, hardwood floors, high ceilings and windows... all bills included ( housing taxes, insurance, cable/ internet, building fees ...), except water and electricity. 	LARGE private room to rent out, very CLEAN and QUIET in a BEAUTIFUL 2-bedroom apartment share in an upscale neighborhood in the south of CENTRAL PARIS AN IDEAL PLACE TO EXPLORE PARIS OR GET SETTLED FOR A NEW JOB OR YOUR STUDIES ! Description : YOUR ROOM (150 sqf) comes FULLY FURNISHED with: - a brand-new double bed - a closet  - big windows with lots of light and nice curtains - a desktop computer (100 M internet) for your personal use or wireless for your laptop. .... to make you feel home away from home ! LARGE STYLISH APARTMENT WITH ALL MODERN AMENITIES: free wifi great VIEW of Paris and its rooftops relaxed atmosphere spotless CLEAN authentic Parisian feel with fireplace, moldings, hardwood floors, high ceilings and windows... all bills included ( housing taxes, insurance, cable/ internet, building fees ...), except water and electricity. YOU ARE WELCOME TO USE ALL THE AVAILABLE EQUIPMENT ROOMS TO SHARE: FULLY-EQUIPPED KITCHEN (stove and oven, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher
25385	Renovated Flat with one separate bedroom, very ventilated and bright in the heart of the 14th district. 3sd Floor with a lift. The closest local shop are less than 5 minutes walking (pharmacy, bakery, supermarket…) 10 minutes from Montparnasse train station (metro line 4, 6, 12, 13) and Pernety (line 13), Mouton Duvernet (line 4) and 15 minutes from Denfer Rochereau (line 4, 6 RER B). The Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysée are less than 20 minutes by public transport. (Le louvre 30 minutes). Accomodation for 4 people (one king size bed in the bedroom and one sofa bed for 2 people in the living room) ·         One separated kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, microwave..) ·         A big living room with dining room table for 4 people ·         Wifi included ·         A very cosy bedroom with a confortable bed ·         One bathroom with a bath	Renovated Flat with one separate bedroom, very ventilated and bright in the heart of the 14th district. 3sd Floor with a lift. The closest local shop are less than 5 minutes walking (pharmacy, bakery, supermarket…) 10 minutes from Montparnasse train station (metro line 4, 6, 12, 13) and Pernety (line 13), Mouton Duvernet (line 4) and 15 minutes from Denfer Rochereau (line 4, 6 RER B). The Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysée are less than 20 minutes by public transport. (Le louvre 30 minutes). Accomodation for 4 people (one king size bed in the bedroom and one sofa bed for 2 people in the living room) ·         One separated kitchen fully equipped (washing machine, microwave..) ·         A big living room with dining room table for 4 people ·         Wifi included ·         A very cosy bedroom with a confortable bed ·         One bathroom with a bath
25386	 Access to underground in 2 min (ALESIA) Rue Daguerre and Denfert-Rochereau quarter 10m on foot.  Direct access from several metro stations to St Germain de Prés, Montparnasse, Châtelet… You need 5 stations to St Germain des Près Very recently redecorated and bright one bedroomed furnished flat, 53m², 6th floor with elevator, lift, balcony, caretaker. Lounge, fully-equipped American kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso cafetière, oven & grill, ceramic hobs, fridge-freezer) sofa bed, (1m20).  Separate bedroom with double-bed, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet.  The nearest underground is Alésia (2m from métro) Comfort Facilities: TV, iron, DVD player, hairdryer, coffe Nespresso Services: bed linen / clothes, towels and bath  if needed  In the area: shops (supermarket, fishmonger, butcher, bakery, wine shop (caviste), greengrocer), cinema, numerous bars and restaurants.  Rue Daguerre and Denfert-Rochereau quarter 10m on foot. Direct access from several metro stations to St Ge	 Access to underground in 2 min (ALESIA) Rue Daguerre and Denfert-Rochereau quarter 10m on foot.  Direct access from several metro stations to St Germain de Prés, Montparnasse, Châtelet… You need 5 stations to St Germain des Près Very recently redecorated and bright one bedroomed furnished flat, 53m², 6th floor with elevator, lift, balcony, caretaker. Lounge, fully-equipped American kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso cafetière, oven & grill, ceramic hobs, fridge-freezer) sofa bed, (1m20).  Separate bedroom with double-bed, kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet.  The nearest underground is Alésia (2m from métro) Comfort Facilities: TV, iron, DVD player, hairdryer, coffe Nespresso Services: bed linen / clothes, towels and bath  if needed  In the area: shops (supermarket, fishmonger, butcher, bakery, wine shop (caviste), greengrocer), cinema, numerous bars and restaurants.  Rue Daguerre and Denfert-Rochereau quarter 10m on foot. Direct access from several metro stations to St Ge
25387	A studio in ground floor courtyard. The apartment does not face the street. Calm quiet. The neighborhood is very safe. Pernety the metro line 13 is nearby. Just mail me before to confirm your reservation.	A studio in ground floor courtyard. The apartment does not face the street. Calm quiet. The neighborhood is very safe. Pernety the metro line 13 is nearby. Just mail me before to confirm your reservation.
25388	Located in the very nice 14th arrondissement of Paris, this cocoon is the perfect place for you to (re)discover the City of Light. You will enjoy all the shops, restaurants and the best bakeries of Paris! Feel free to contact me for any further information, I will be more than happy to help you! Situé au coeur du 14ème arrondissement, cet appartement vous permettra de (re)découvrir Paris dans des conditions idéales. Vous trouverez à proximité tous types de commerces, restaurants, et les meilleures boulangeries de Paris! N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute information complémentaire.	Located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, this cocoon is the perfect place for you to (re)discover the City of Light. You will enjoy all the shops, restaurants and the best bakeries of Paris! Located in the very nice 14th arrondissement of Paris, this cocoon is the perfect place for you to (re)discover the City of Light. You will enjoy all the shops, restaurants and the best bakeries of Paris! Feel free to contact me for any further information, I will be more than happy to help you! Situé au coeur du 14ème arrondissement, cet appartement vous permettra de (re)découvrir Paris dans des conditions idéales. Vous trouverez à proximité tous types de commerces, restaurants, et les meilleures boulangeries de Paris! N'hésitez pas à me contacter pour toute information complémentaire. You will have access to the entire flat during your stay. Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement pendant votre séjour. Le quartier d'Alésia tient son charme et son originalité du petit nombre d’immeuble
25389		Joli appart parisien équipé et convivial ideal couple 
25390	Charming and very welcoming flat with wooden floor, fireplace, lot of sun during the day. 	Here is our flat ! Typically parisian, very charming and welcoming with its wooden floor and fireplace. This is a 1 bedroom apartment, with a nice living room and a sofa bed too so suitable for 4 person. Very central, well connected, lovely area. Charming and very welcoming flat with wooden floor, fireplace, lot of sun during the day.  Very nice area typically parisan with great bakery, lovely decorating shops. You are also 5 min walks from the metro station Denfert-Rocherau which is very well connected and gives you access in max 30min to all beautiful places in Paris.
25391	My flat is a 45m2, on the 9 floors with lift, with a small kitchen including a washing machine, a bathroom with a bathtube, separated toilets, windows in every room, recently repainted in white, blue and orange colors, fresh and light. I have a big collection of books partly in the corridors partly in the room, some are in English, help yourself! The room available is around 13m2, wooden floor, walls painted in white. It has a large window, and an amazing view on all Paris and the Eiffel tower ! There is a wooden shelves, as well as a cupboard on the bottom of it, a small desk with a chair. The bed is a queen size bed. There is free wifi.	My flat is in the center of Paris. It's cosy, luminous, and with an amazing view on the Eiffel Tower and all Paris from your room! I will be happy to welcome you and give you some advices so you can get the best out of Paris and your stay :) My flat is a 45m2, on the 9 floors with lift, with a small kitchen including a washing machine, a bathroom with a bathtube, separated toilets, windows in every room, recently repainted in white, blue and orange colors, fresh and light. I have a big collection of books partly in the corridors partly in the room, some are in English, help yourself! The room available is around 13m2, wooden floor, walls painted in white. It has a large window, and an amazing view on all Paris and the Eiffel tower ! There is a wooden shelves, as well as a cupboard on the bottom of it, a small desk with a chair. The bed is a queen size bed. There is free wifi. You will have access to the full flat except for my own room (your room; kitchen; shared bathroom; toilets; ent
25392	On the corner of rue du Cherche-Midi and rue Dupin, in the heart of the exclusive Saint-Germain des Prés neighborhood, next to the metro station Sevres-Babylone and the Bon Marche department store. A charming fully furnished and equiped apartment of 52 square meters, on the 2nd floor (walk-up), great light, very silent on private courtyard.  The living room with fireplace and wooden floors has a couch, a flat screen TV, DVD player with a selection of DVDs and a very fast WIFI connection of course.  The bedroom has a queen size bed and a desk, while the second living room sports a traditional Alsacian stove from the beginning of the XXth century, and a couch. The appartment is very silent as the windows open on a private courtyard.  The kitchen is fully equiped with Nespresso machine, washing machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer.... Bathroom with shower, separate toilet, walk-in closet. Bed linen and towels included.   The neighborhood is in one of the most desira	Un joli trois-pièces sur la rue du Cherche-Midi, au coeur du quartier le plus élégant de la capitale. Au calme et lumineux, il peut accueillir 2 personnes (1 lit double). Profitez du Bon Marché à deux minutes de là et des galeries d'art du quartier! On the corner of rue du Cherche-Midi and rue Dupin, in the heart of the exclusive Saint-Germain des Prés neighborhood, next to the metro station Sevres-Babylone and the Bon Marche department store. A charming fully furnished and equiped apartment of 52 square meters, on the 2nd floor (walk-up), great light, very silent on private courtyard.  The living room with fireplace and wooden floors has a couch, a flat screen TV, DVD player with a selection of DVDs and a very fast WIFI connection of course.  The bedroom has a queen size bed and a desk, while the second living room sports a traditional Alsacian stove from the beginning of the XXth century, and a couch. The appartment is very silent as the windows open on a private courtyard.  The kitc
25393	Très bonne situation, lumineux, et propre 	Jolie studio proche de Montparnasse (5 min à pieds) au cœur du quartier de la Gaité très animé avec ses nombreux bars, restaurants, et théâtres... Très bonne situation, lumineux, et propre  Wifi, appareil électroménager à disposition En fonction des souhaits des personnes  Quartier animé et sécurisé  Gare montparnasse, métro 13 Gaité, métro 6 Edgar quinet, bus 
25394	"Beautiful F2 40m2 ( 430 sq ft) renovated with terrace 10m2 ( 430 sq ft) (tables, chairs) overlooking the rooftops of Paris and facing south.      Capacity: 2 rooms / 4 people.      location:      - 200m (0.124 mile)""Pernety"" metro line 13 (Champs Elysee, Stade de France)      - 400m ( 0.249 mile) from the metro station ""Mouton Duvernet"" line 4      (Saint-Germain des Pres, Odeon, Châtelet, Barbès Sacré Coeur)      - 600m (0.373 mile) from the RER B and ""Denfert-Rochereau"" subway line 6 (Eiffel Tower, Bercy), RATP shuttle Orlybus.      - 600m (0.373 mile) from the Montparnasse train station, shuttle Airfrance Orly and Roissy. Central neighborhood 14th arrondissement with many shops, bars, restaurants, groceries, cinemas (Pathé Gaumont, UGC) and museums (Fondation Cartier, the Catacombs). Modern building (80's) secure (intercom,) south very sunny all day. "	"Paris flat located 14th pernety neighborhood, close to everything, 40m2 ( 430 sq ft) with 10m2 ( 430 sq ft) terrace facing the sun all day, a room with a 2places bed, a living room with 2 seater sofa, a large kitchen, bathroom with large bath Beautiful F2 40m2 ( 430 sq ft) renovated with terrace 10m2 ( 430 sq ft) (tables, chairs) overlooking the rooftops of Paris and facing south.      Capacity: 2 rooms / 4 people.      location:      - 200m (0.124 mile)""Pernety"" metro line 13 (Champs Elysee, Stade de France)      - 400m ( 0.249 mile) from the metro station ""Mouton Duvernet"" line 4      (Saint-Germain des Pres, Odeon, Châtelet, Barbès Sacré Coeur)      - 600m (0.373 mile) from the RER B and ""Denfert-Rochereau"" subway line 6 (Eiffel Tower, Bercy), RATP shuttle Orlybus.      - 600m (0.373 mile) from the Montparnasse train station, shuttle Airfrance Orly and Roissy. Central neighborhood 14th arrondissement with many shops, bars, restaurants, groceries, cinemas (Pathé Gaumont, UGC) and mus"
25395	Vous serez conquis par ce grand studio fonctionnel et lumineux de 25m², tout équipé (four, microonde, machine à laver, frigo, plaques électriques, etc) sans télé, avec de nombreux rangements. Idéal pour visiter Paris, il se trouve à 50m du métro (ligne 13), 20m des vélib et 10minutes à pied de la tour Montparnasse.  Quartier vivant et familial avec un grand nombre de petits commerces à moins de 50m: restaurants, boulangeries, bars, supermarchés, pharmacie, traiteurs, etc Une grande sdb avec fenêtre. Pour le couchage: 1 lit 2 places  et un canapé qui fait clic-clac pour une personne. A votre disposition, plans de Paris et conseils de parisienne! Bon séjour,	Grand studio lumineux de 25m², idéal pour visiter Paris, tout équipé lit 2p ; A 50m du métro et 10 min à pied de la gare Montparnasse. Dans un quartier très parisien à moins de 50m, des boulangeries, poissonnerie, pharmacie, bars, restaurants... Vous serez conquis par ce grand studio fonctionnel et lumineux de 25m², tout équipé (four, microonde, machine à laver, frigo, plaques électriques, etc) sans télé, avec de nombreux rangements. Idéal pour visiter Paris, il se trouve à 50m du métro (ligne 13), 20m des vélib et 10minutes à pied de la tour Montparnasse.  Quartier vivant et familial avec un grand nombre de petits commerces à moins de 50m: restaurants, boulangeries, bars, supermarchés, pharmacie, traiteurs, etc Une grande sdb avec fenêtre. Pour le couchage: 1 lit 2 places  et un canapé qui fait clic-clac pour une personne. A votre disposition, plans de Paris et conseils de parisienne! Bon séjour, vrai quartier parisien, type village, beaucoup de charme, métro à 50 M, boulangeries, bar
25396	La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec frigo, congélateur, machine à laver le linge, plaque cuisson vitrocéramique, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain, … Le coin salon avec canapé, tables basses, meuble hifi, télévision, box internet, chaîne hifi. La chambre est spacieuse avec un lit 140, un coin bureau et 2 grands placards.  Salle de bain avec cabine de douche, douchette et pomme de tête, mitigeur thermostatique, meuble de salle bains	Charmant appartement chaleureux entièrement et soigneusement rénové (mai 2014). L'appartement se trouve au quatrième et dernier étage, il est très lumineux et très calme. Situé dans un quartier animé avec de nombreux commerces et restaurants. La cuisine est entièrement équipée avec frigo, congélateur, machine à laver le linge, plaque cuisson vitrocéramique, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain, … Le coin salon avec canapé, tables basses, meuble hifi, télévision, box internet, chaîne hifi. La chambre est spacieuse avec un lit 140, un coin bureau et 2 grands placards.  Salle de bain avec cabine de douche, douchette et pomme de tête, mitigeur thermostatique, meuble de salle bains Je serai présent à votre arrivée ainsi que le jour de votre départ. Quartier très animé avec tous les services à proximité et de nombreux restaurants, bars à vins. Plusieurs possibilités : - Métro 13, station Pernety à moins de 300m. - Métro ligne 4, station Mouton-duvernet à 700m - Gare TGV Montparnasse et RER B à
25397	GROUND FLOOR. Building,rue Didot 75014 Paris. Near  Montparnasse  --IMPORTANT:- BEYOND 2 adults:25€ more/day/adult  until two  . For Children until Two ,under 14 years old:No extra price. IF 2 TRAVELLERS want to use the 2 BEDS,The cleaning is 60€ (20€ more than current price) Studio, ground floor,High ceiling with large Window, on raised inner courtyard view, not overlooked and common area building. The indoor temperature is stable in summer and winter. Electric -Heating if needed Cool in summer and warm in winter. You will have: - Kitchen with Breakfast Bar and Eats debout.Four, induction plate , Fridge, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Etc ... - A Desk plan before the window  will be your Temporary Office. Etc ... - A Sofa BED, new, very confortable 2 places (for anyone with weight up to 110kg and smaller than 1.90 m)Mattress 190x160, ep.14, hardness 50. and - A very comfortable MEZZANINE , with mattress TEMPUR 2 places 190x 140 ep. 15,   - Sheets, Duvet Cover . -A  Bathroom: walk-in shower w	"Paris south,heart typic quarter,my confortable new studio,on ground floor,close of live of Montparnasse:spectacles,famous Brasseries,Restaurants.20""of the majors parts:Eiffel Tower,Luxembourg Garden,Catacombes,Latin quarter.Time is short and eternal! GROUND FLOOR. Building,rue Didot 75014 Paris. Near  Montparnasse  --IMPORTANT:- BEYOND 2 adults:25€ more/day/adult  until two  . For Children until Two ,under 14 years old:No extra price. IF 2 TRAVELLERS want to use the 2 BEDS,The cleaning is 60€ (20€ more than current price) Studio, ground floor,High ceiling with large Window, on raised inner courtyard view, not overlooked and common area building. The indoor temperature is stable in summer and winter. Electric -Heating if needed Cool in summer and warm in winter. You will have: - Kitchen with Breakfast Bar and Eats debout.Four, induction plate , Fridge, Toaster, Kettle, Coffee Etc ... - A Desk plan before the window  will be your Temporary Office. Etc ... - A Sofa BED, new, very conforta"
25398	"The  apartment is ideal for a couple or two independent friends It offers every amenity you migth need during your exotic holidays or productive business trip.  The atelier is not suitable for people with reduced mobility.  If in doubt, contact me before booking. First atelier - living room Office space - see below/ Folding chairs and table, 1 1/2 cupboards are empty. Mezzanine over the living room This is my 'main bedroom"" with  a new double bed (extra firm, latex), not visible from beneath.  Second atelier - kitchen and bathroom Kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, oven, espresso machine, microwave etc, spices and basic staples. Bathroom:  small tub and washing-drying machine. Mezzanine over the kitchen  Single bed (firm mattress, latex), some empty shelves and drawers - practical, if you are two friends who do not want to share the bedroom. Teenager love this place as their own small room. I use  this mezzanine to read comfortably under the window. Internet - office space Internet by ca"	"Two small artist's ateliers at ground floor level  transformed into a very comfortable and designed apartment. Located in the green courtyard of a secured residency, it's quiet and very romantic. It's the atelier of an active artist, not a hotel. The  apartment is ideal for a couple or two independent friends It offers every amenity you migth need during your exotic holidays or productive business trip.  The atelier is not suitable for people with reduced mobility.  If in doubt, contact me before booking. First atelier - living room Office space - see below/ Folding chairs and table, 1 1/2 cupboards are empty. Mezzanine over the living room This is my 'main bedroom"" with  a new double bed (extra firm, latex), not visible from beneath.  Second atelier - kitchen and bathroom Kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, oven, espresso machine, microwave etc, spices and basic staples. Bathroom:  small tub and washing-drying machine. Mezzanine over the kitchen  Single bed (firm mattress, latex), some e"
25399	A bright and spacious atelier-residence located at Alesia, near Montparnasse. Ideal for artists who want to spend the summer in Paris with a partner and/or children. Or for those who'd like to spend a few weeks surrounded by art and artists. The airy studio space is on the ground floor with a high (5m!) ceiling looking out through glass windows into a quiet courtyard. There is a bedroom and bathroom on the first floor and a second sleeping space and office area in a mezzanine overlooking the studio. The apartment is fully furnished and comes with modern appliances and an equipped kitchen. The rent includes internet, utilities and a weekly cleaner. Working artist's ateliers such as this one are unique to Paris and are rented only to registered artists. They were built so that artists could live and work with their work. The building has 5 ateliers in all, so you will live surrounded by artists and art.  This apartment will reward visitors with a spirit of adventure and curiosity, who wo	A bright and spacious artist's residence located at Alesia, near Montparnasse. Ideal for those who want to spend the summer in Paris in an artist's workspace with children. A lived-in space, so not ideal for those looking for a hotel-like experience. A bright and spacious atelier-residence located at Alesia, near Montparnasse. Ideal for artists who want to spend the summer in Paris with a partner and/or children. Or for those who'd like to spend a few weeks surrounded by art and artists. The airy studio space is on the ground floor with a high (5m!) ceiling looking out through glass windows into a quiet courtyard. There is a bedroom and bathroom on the first floor and a second sleeping space and office area in a mezzanine overlooking the studio. The apartment is fully furnished and comes with modern appliances and an equipped kitchen. The rent includes internet, utilities and a weekly cleaner. Working artist's ateliers such as this one are unique to Paris and are rented only to registe
25400	Very nice, bright, and spacious flat. The apartment is very quiet, on the 5th floor, under the roof. The appartment fits perfectly for 4 people with its two bedrooms and their ensuite bathroom. Sheets and towels are provided. The living room is spacious, and the open kitchen fully equipped with microwave, oven, dishwasher and nespresso machine.  Free wifi Excellent neighborhood: lots of restaurants, bistros, shopping and markets on saturday and sunday. For more pictures check-out the listing for the whole apartment.	Spacieux duplex au 5ème et dernier étage. Traversant, lumineux et totalement rénové, cet appartement est idéal pour accueillir 4 personnes grâce aux 2 salles de bains attenantes  aux chambres. A proximité immédiate de tous commerces et des transports Very nice, bright, and spacious flat. The apartment is very quiet, on the 5th floor, under the roof. The appartment fits perfectly for 4 people with its two bedrooms and their ensuite bathroom. Sheets and towels are provided. The living room is spacious, and the open kitchen fully equipped with microwave, oven, dishwasher and nespresso machine.  Free wifi Excellent neighborhood: lots of restaurants, bistros, shopping and markets on saturday and sunday. For more pictures check-out the listing for the whole apartment. Ideally located - close to the subway : 50 meters from la Pernety station (line 13), 10 minutes walking from Montparnasse (lines 4, 6, 12 and train station) and 15 minutes walking from Denfert Rochereau (RER B to Roissy/Charles
25401	Possibilité jusqu'à 4 personnes dont 2 dans le canapé convertible.	Nice 2 rooms new state at the foot of Montsouris park , 10 minutes walk from the Butte aux Caillles and Place d'Italie in a quiet area . Near RER Cité Universitaire , Orly Bus and metro Cooler 10mn .
25402		Appartement T2 sans vis à vis, avec une chambre lit double et un canapé convertible. A deux pas de Denfert-Rochereau Pratique pour se déplacer. Ligne 4 ou 6 du métro ou ligne RER B.
25403	Clair et calme, complètement équipé pour 2 personnes, jusqu'à quatre personnes. La cuisine est	2 pièces cosy de 32 m2, 2ème étage, traversant, avec vue sur la verdure : vous vous sentirez un peu comme à la campagne. Clair et calme, situé à la toute proximité du parc Montsouris, à mi chemin entre Alésia et Denfert Rochereau. En liaison directe avec les aéroports, idéal pour découvrir Paris pendant quelques jours. Clair et calme, complètement équipé pour 2 personnes, jusqu'à quatre personnes. La cuisine est L'appartement est situé juste au dessus d'une station de Vélib, à proximité de deux magasin d'alimentation, entre les stations de métro Alesia (ligne 4) et Denfert Rochereau (lignes 4 et 6 et RER B) à 10 minutes à pieds ou à quelques minutes par bus. Tramway 3a arrêt Porte d'Orléans ou Monsouris et RER B Cité Universitaire. Liaison directe avec l'aéroport d'Orly (Orlybus) et l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaulle (RER B). Selon les horaires, je serai potentiellement disponible au départ ou à l'arrivée des voyageurs et toujours disponible par téléphone en cas de besoin et vous rend
25404		Deux pièces, accueillant, douillet et bien équipé. Peut loger 4 personnes et est très central dans une rue calme, à quelques mètres des catacombes. Proche des beaux quartiers St Michel, St Germain et Montparnasse. Profitez de sa belle cuisine américaine et de sa vue sur jardin.  Proche du métro. Parc montsouris, catacombes, Rue Daguerre L'arrêt de l' Orly bus (navette pour l'aéroport de Orly) est à 500 m de l'appartement  Ligne directe à l'aéroport CDG (ReR B)  Plusieurs métros et bus à proximité
25405	Adorable parisian style apartment in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris. Well connected to the rest of the city but far enough from the tourist centers to really live the French life. With the markets, cafes, and restaurants of rue Daguerre just a street over, it is hard to find a reason to even leave the 14ème. However, the apartment is located on the most useful lines of the metro with the Denfert-Rochereau stop only a block over and the RER station barely a five minute walk away. It is a straight shot to both CDG and Orly airports as well as several of the train stations in the city. With an aesthetic of space over clutter, the apartment is simply furnished and clean. It is more than a comfortable size for two people, although with a double bed, twin bed, and futon there is space for more to sleep. Well lit with natural light from the windows and hardwood floors, it is a spacious and comfortable place to stay and relax after exploring the beauties of Paris. Apartment details:  4	This lovely Paris apartment makes you feel right at home in the city with enough space to relax while right in the middle of the cute neighborhood of Denfert-Rochereau. Adorable parisian style apartment in one of the best neighborhoods of Paris. Well connected to the rest of the city but far enough from the tourist centers to really live the French life. With the markets, cafes, and restaurants of rue Daguerre just a street over, it is hard to find a reason to even leave the 14ème. However, the apartment is located on the most useful lines of the metro with the Denfert-Rochereau stop only a block over and the RER station barely a five minute walk away. It is a straight shot to both CDG and Orly airports as well as several of the train stations in the city. With an aesthetic of space over clutter, the apartment is simply furnished and clean. It is more than a comfortable size for two people, although with a double bed, twin bed, and futon there is space for more to sleep. Well lit with 
25406		Charming studio in the centre of Paris,close to all transports.Well-lit flat with panoramic window and spacious balcony giving onto a quiet courtyard. Best suited for a maximum of 2 persons. Ideal for a pleasant stay in the well known capital. Calm Subway/metro : 4 station : Alesia Buses: 28, 38 ,68 Tram : T3
25407	I offer my spacious 55m2 apartment located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris consists of two bedrooms (2 double bed), lounge, fitted kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave, etc.), bathroom , individual toilet.  2nd floor Metro 4, 6 and 13 - RER B (20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, 25 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg or 10 minutes from Montparnasse). Owner not present throughout the month of August. Contact me for more information. 	I offer my spacious 55m2 apartment located in the 14th arrondissement of Paris consists of two bedrooms (2 double bed), lounge, fitted kitchen (washing machine, dishwasher, oven, fridge, microwave, etc.), bathroom , individual toilet.  2nd floor Metro 4, 6 and 13 - RER B (20 minutes from the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower, 25 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg or 10 minutes from Montparnasse). Owner not present throughout the month of August. Contact me for more information. M4 - Mouton Duvernet : walking distance 5min M4 - Alésia : walking distance 10min M13 - Pernety : walking distance 10min RER B, M4 & M6 - Denfert Rochereau : walking distance 10-15min Many buses just in front of the apartment as well. Really easy to go to Montparnasse or even in the center of the city with bus. one really good website / application for transport : VIANAVIGO I hope you will enjoy the peaceful life 
25408	Un canapé peut servir de lit d'appoint pour une personne	À 3 minutes à pied de la Gare Montparnasse, au 8e étage d'une résidence moderne, venez poser vos valises et profiter des 4 lignes de métro (4,6,12,13)  et de plus de 10 lignes de bus... pour rayonner dans Paris ! Un canapé peut servir de lit d'appoint pour une personne Accès handicapé Un G20 est au pied de l'immeuble : ouvert tous les jours de 8h à 20h (sauf dimanche 8h à 13h)
25409	The mezzanine is situated over the kitchen like a small separate room. It offers a bed, a computer with television and access to hundreds of films and lots of music. Fast Internet connexion via the computer and via wifi.	In a charming and authentic place, a confortable bed on a mezzanine is ready for you. Profit of the quiet garden and the lively quarter outside. The mezzanine is situated over the kitchen like a small separate room. It offers a bed, a computer with television and access to hundreds of films and lots of music. Fast Internet connexion via the computer and via wifi. You may use the kitchen, the bathroom and eat in the garden.  You can prepare sophisticated meals, there are lots of spices and tools. Please store everything after use and put the dishes into the sink or the dishwasher. I'm working at home, mostly in the other room and in the garden. I may help you with information on the quarter and on Paris, if you wish to.  I have a small parrot, visible on a photo of the bathroom. He likes guests but you are not obliged to meet him. (You cannot touch him like a cat.) Alesia in the 14th is artistic and residential, very nice to live in. There is everything at the doorstep, restaurants, sho
25410	The flat benefits from all the modern confort but have the charm of an ancient typical parisian flat : wooden floor, ceiling molding, and even a balcony all around the flat.  There is just one very large room, which makes it perfect for 2 people, but you can easily stay up to 4! The kitchen is full equiped and separate. 	This flat is very well located in the South part of Paris (14e), in a pleasant pedestrian street.  Confortable for 2 to 4 people in the same large livingroom, it's perfect to enjoy the typical Parisian way of life. The flat benefits from all the modern confort but have the charm of an ancient typical parisian flat : wooden floor, ceiling molding, and even a balcony all around the flat.  There is just one very large room, which makes it perfect for 2 people, but you can easily stay up to 4! The kitchen is full equiped and separate. Less than 5 minutes walk from the metro station Denfert-Rochereau : ligne 4 and 6, rer B. Direct access from the airports Roissy and Orly with the RER, and with the bus for Orly (30 min). Direct connexions to the train stations Montparnasse and Gare du Nord (where the Thalys and Eurostar arrive).   
25411	2 bedroom apartment on the 4th floor comfortable, old building without lift : - Living room: Led TV, unlimited internet access, Wifi, a big and comfortable sofa bed for 2 people - An equipped and opened kitchen: oven, microwave, hotplates electrical, fridge … - A bedroom inner courtyard - A bathroom: toilets, Italian shower (illuminated) … - A bathroom on the floor (Bathtub, toilets, washing machine) 	Charming and very bright flat close the Montsouris Park, the Cité Universitaire Internationale and subway ! Home description:  - Living room: Led TV, unlimited internet access, a big and comfortable sofa bed for 2 people - An equipped and opened kit 2 bedroom apartment on the 4th floor comfortable, old building without lift : - Living room: Led TV, unlimited internet access, Wifi, a big and comfortable sofa bed for 2 people - An equipped and opened kitchen: oven, microwave, hotplates electrical, fridge … - A bedroom inner courtyard - A bathroom: toilets, Italian shower (illuminated) … - A bathroom on the floor (Bathtub, toilets, washing machine) Entire housing - The flat is on the 4th (last floor) without elevator I am very responsive to email exchanges and telephone.  I welcome my guests to show them the facilities, information about the apartment, a few ideas on the neighborhood, mobility or other information to make their stay as comfortable and pleasant as possible! The apartment i
25412	Terrace to enjoy your stay	In the city center, between Montparnasse and Denfert' stations (Orly acces), our cozy apartment is ideally set for couples (up to two kids). On a quiet neighborhood but close to sightseeings (Montparnasse/Catacombs) and commerces (Daguerre) by walk Terrace to enjoy your stay Metro lines: 4, 6 12 and 13. RER B and Orlybus. 40 min walk to city center; 15 min walk to Luxembourg's gardens or Montsouris
25413	Me and my friend, An, we love our flat and we know you'll love it too ! Comfortably fits 4 people or even 6, on a very safe and quiet street and easy access (less than 2 minutes walk) to metro station. Enjoy everything you need as we supply all basic essentials for your stay. The apartment ( 45 m2 ) consists of the following : - Living room - Two Bedrooms ( one with two bunk beds, and the other with two separated individual beds ). There are two additional mattress beddings ( bed with only mattress, not a real bed ) available by prior arrangement if you want extra beds.  - Simple american style Kitchen   - Big dining Table and chairs  - Bathroom  - Separated toilet The Apartment is on french 1st floor without lift, situated in a very safe, and typically parisian block. Within easy walking distance ( 1 or 2 minutes), you have real parisian boulangeries, patisseries, butcheries, supermarkets, grocery stores, cellars, lots of very good (/all kinds of) restaurants, banks, cinema, and also 	Bright and quiet apartment near Montparnasse. Supermarket, local market, boulanger, cellar (cave), cinema and lots of restaurants nearby, with only 1 or 2 min walk. Everything includes, kitchen, internet, towels, simple breakfast essentials... computer.. Me and my friend, An, we love our flat and we know you'll love it too ! Comfortably fits 4 people or even 6, on a very safe and quiet street and easy access (less than 2 minutes walk) to metro station. Enjoy everything you need as we supply all basic essentials for your stay. The apartment ( 45 m2 ) consists of the following : - Living room - Two Bedrooms ( one with two bunk beds, and the other with two separated individual beds ). There are two additional mattress beddings ( bed with only mattress, not a real bed ) available by prior arrangement if you want extra beds.  - Simple american style Kitchen   - Big dining Table and chairs  - Bathroom  - Separated toilet The Apartment is on french 1st floor without lift, situated in a very s
25414	Appartement de 2 pièces comportant un salon/salle à manger avec canapé-lit 2 personnes et une grande chambre avec lit 2 personnes. - Terrasse ouverte sur le salon et la chambre - Barbecue - Cuisine entièrement équipée (frigo,four,four à micro-onde, plaque, lave-vaisselle) et ouverte sur le salon. - Salle de bains (avec lave/sèche linge), toilettes séparé ****************************************************************************** 2 room apartment with a living / dining room with sofa bed (2 people) and a large bedroom (2 people). - Terrace - Barbecue - Fully equiped kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave oven, hotplates, dishwasher) open to the living room. - Bathroom (with washer / dryer), separate toilet	Idéalement situé à 5 min à pied de Montparnasse, en plein coeur du quartier-village de Pernety, venez passer quelques jours dans un bel appartement tout équipé pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. ++ terrasse avec barbecue Ideally located 5 minutes walk from Montparnasse, in the heart of Pernety district-village, spend a few days in a beautiful fully equiped apartment for up to 4 people. ++ Terrace with barbecue Appartement de 2 pièces comportant un salon/salle à manger avec canapé-lit 2 personnes et une grande chambre avec lit 2 personnes. - Terrasse ouverte sur le salon et la chambre - Barbecue - Cuisine entièrement équipée (frigo,four,four à micro-onde, plaque, lave-vaisselle) et ouverte sur le salon. - Salle de bains (avec lave/sèche linge), toilettes séparé ****************************************************************************** 2 room apartment with a living / dining room with sofa bed (2 people) and a large bedroom (2 people). - Terrace - Barbecue - Fully equiped kitche
25415	Appartement de 60 m2,calme et très bien situé,idéal pour profiter de PARIS: métro à deux pas,Jardin de Luxembourg et Gare Montparnasse 15 min à pied,plein de commerces. Salon agréable à vivre. Chambre parentale+chambre équipée avec lit superposé 2  et 1 lit bébé L'appartement est composé de trois pièces: un salon très agréable à vivre équipé avec un canapé lit avec un coin salle à manger pour toute la famille; une chambre parentale et une chambre enfant très calme avec un lit mezzanine et un lit bébé. La cuisine est fonctionnelle et bien équipée. Les voyageurs n'auront pas de restrictions particulières.  Le 14ème est un quartier très agréable à vivre avec plein de commerces de proximité et une véritable vie de quartier: à ne pas manquer la promenade du dimanche matin à rue Daguerre où vous vous sentirez un vrai habitant du 14ème. Pour le plaisir du gout il y a aussi un marché juste au pied de l'immeuble les mardis et les vendredis matin. Mais si vous voulez profiter de Paris, les trans	Appartement de 60 m2,calme et très bien situé,idéal pour profiter de PARIS: métro à deux pas,Jardin de Luxembourg et Gare Montparnasse 15 min à pied,plein de commerces. Salon agréable à vivre. Chambre parentale+chambre équipée avec lit enfant et bébé Appartement de 60 m2,calme et très bien situé,idéal pour profiter de PARIS: métro à deux pas,Jardin de Luxembourg et Gare Montparnasse 15 min à pied,plein de commerces. Salon agréable à vivre. Chambre parentale+chambre équipée avec lit superposé 2  et 1 lit bébé L'appartement est composé de trois pièces: un salon très agréable à vivre équipé avec un canapé lit avec un coin salle à manger pour toute la famille; une chambre parentale et une chambre enfant très calme avec un lit mezzanine et un lit bébé. La cuisine est fonctionnelle et bien équipée. Les voyageurs n'auront pas de restrictions particulières.  Le 14ème est un quartier très agréable à vivre avec plein de commerces de proximité et une véritable vie de quartier: à ne pas manquer la
25416	"The Villa Sponte is a flat B&B that receives you for one night, two or to the week, with all the pretty facilities of a ""pied à terre"" in Paris. Located on the 1st floor of a typically Parisian building, on courtyard with a view of gardens. Extremely calm and sunny. The Villa Sponte is a self-contained flat with an entry which gives on to : - a room/living room for 2 (with a bed 160x200, sofa...),  - a fully-equipped kitchen, - a toilet, - a bathroom."	"You are here on your home, in Paris, to benefit from the capital and you'll not a tourist but a reel Parisian in this district of artists with markets, pedestrian streets, gardens… and an easy and fast access to all Paris! The Villa Sponte is a flat B&B that receives you for one night, two or to the week, with all the pretty facilities of a ""pied à terre"" in Paris. Located on the 1st floor of a typically Parisian building, on courtyard with a view of gardens. Extremely calm and sunny. The Villa Sponte is a self-contained flat with an entry which gives on to : - a room/living room for 2 (with a bed 160x200, sofa...),  - a fully-equipped kitchen, - a toilet, - a bathroom. The bed is double (160cm x 200cm). In the room, there are the bed, something for arrange your clothing, a sofa for two and two small table. The bathroom is with sink, mini bath-tub and hand held shower. The linen for the bathroom and the bed is supplied. The heating is central, the warm water comes of heats water electr"
25417	The flat is at the 5th floor in a very quiet district near the Montsouri Garden where you can run or take time with parisians which appreciate to come with their family.	The flat is at the 5th floor in a very quiet district near the Montsouri Garden where you can run or take time with parisians which appreciate to come with their family. During summer i will be not in Paris but if you need help you can ask some questions to Maria, she is the building cartaker . In case you need more don't hesitate to call me. It is very easy to come by the RER or the Bus from the airports CDG or Orly. In 5 minutes you are arrived at the studio. During your journey in Paris, you will appreciate to have two metro , the 4th with which you go in 10 minutes to Châtelet, Quartier Latin and the 6th with which you will be able to visite the Eiffel Tower, Arc de TRiomphe ... Imagine that the 14th arrondissement is the perfect balance between nature and modernity, the artistic history and the commercial activity. In the district, you can find parisian old streets, art studio, little café and very good french restaurant.
25418	**Authentic Parisian Life, spacious apartment**  ** Until 6 people** In a very nice in the 14h arrondissement of Paris, this typical parisian is ideal if you are looking for an authentic but affordable parisian life experience. The apartment is confortable and well located in the center of Paris. It is only 15 min away from the Eiffel Tower. The neighborhood is residential : very safe and not too crowded compare to some other areas in Paris. A good thing if you need to relax after a long day. There is all the facilities just a few steps away : bars, restaurants, banks, delicious bakery, drugstore...! More about the appartement itself : 55 meter square appartement,  4rd floor.   2 bedrooms 1bathrooms. Can sleep 2 in beds 1.80*2.00  and 4  in   2 couch. . Detail:  Until 6 people max     electric heating.  Kitchen: stove, microwave, sink, dishwasher, refrigerator  Bathroom: W.C, Sink and Shower  For more information, feel free to ask. I answer quickly ! . 	**Authentic Parisian Life, spacious apartment**  ** Until 6 people** **Authentic Parisian Life, spacious apartment**  ** Until 6 people** In a very nice in the 14h arrondissement of Paris, this typical parisian is ideal if you are looking for an authentic but affordable parisian life experience. The apartment is confortable and well located in the center of Paris. It is only 15 min away from the Eiffel Tower. The neighborhood is residential : very safe and not too crowded compare to some other areas in Paris. A good thing if you need to relax after a long day. There is all the facilities just a few steps away : bars, restaurants, banks, delicious bakery, drugstore...! More about the appartement itself : 55 meter square appartement,  4rd floor.   2 bedrooms 1bathrooms. Can sleep 2 in beds 1.80*2.00  and 4  in   2 couch. . Detail:  Until 6 people max     electric heating.  Kitchen: stove, microwave, sink, dishwasher, refrigerator  Bathroom: W.C, Sink and Shower  For more information, fee
25419	Our home is situated on the  5th floor of a typical parisian building. It has double exposition to south (living room) and north (bedroom) and is luminous all day long. It is situated in a calm street, without traffic, so that you even hear the birds sing in the morning when waking up.  The apartment was freshly painted in 2014. The bathroom offers a  bathtub (for cold days),  the kitchen gives to a  big lightflooded living room with view over the parisian rooftops with access to our balcony and the separated bedroom  offers you tranquility in the morning and evening! It is ideal for a couple or a small family, as there is a sofa bed in the living room. You'll have acces to public transportation system by two metro stations  (Alésia and Porte d'Orleans; 3 min. walking) (Line 4- crossing Paris north to south), a tram station (T3- crossing Paris east to west) (3 min. walk), several bus lines and a vélib station . Just perfect to explore Paris! Located in an authentic parisian area : the 	Wake up with the birds singing in our luminous  2 room flat with balcony. Our home is located in the center of Paris near Alésia. You'll have direct access to the most popular sightseeing attractions. Free WIFI Our home is situated on the  5th floor of a typical parisian building. It has double exposition to south (living room) and north (bedroom) and is luminous all day long. It is situated in a calm street, without traffic, so that you even hear the birds sing in the morning when waking up.  The apartment was freshly painted in 2014. The bathroom offers a  bathtub (for cold days),  the kitchen gives to a  big lightflooded living room with view over the parisian rooftops with access to our balcony and the separated bedroom  offers you tranquility in the morning and evening! It is ideal for a couple or a small family, as there is a sofa bed in the living room. You'll have acces to public transportation system by two metro stations  (Alésia and Porte d'Orleans; 3 min. walking) (Line 4- 
25420	"Former artist's studio, Three levels, very bright, huge window panes, this 2 bedroom triplex, 90m2, is located 5min away from Montparnasse.  Large living room, spacious kitchen, One bedroom with double bed + another bedroom with two bunk bed + a sofa bed (double).  Total: 6 beds.  Bath room with bathtub, separate toilet room. 30 meters away from metro station ""Pernety"". Extremely safe, super charming,  Parisian neighborhood,very safe, alive, full of restaurants, creperies, squares, markets and cafes. Apartment very quiet and pleasant."	"Former artist's studio, Three levels, very bright, huge window panes, this 2 bedroom triplex, 90m2, is located 5min away from Montparnasse.  Large living room, spacious kitchen, One bedroom with double bed + another bedroom with two bunk bed + a sofa bed (double).  Total: 6 beds.  Bath room with bathtub, separate toilet room. 30 meters away from metro station ""Pernety"". Extremely safe, super charming,  Parisian neighborhood,very safe, alive, full of restaurants, creperies, squares, markets and cafes. Apartment very quiet and pleasant."
25421	son calme son emplacement sa totale rénovation quartier des ateliers d'artistes  Wifi, connection internet illimitée	Petit studio calme au troisième étage rue piétonne . Au coeur du 14 ème arrondissement:  Lumineux, fonctionnel et joliment décoré. Dans Quartier des peintres,à deux pas de l atelier du sculpteur Giacometti son calme son emplacement sa totale rénovation quartier des ateliers d'artistes  Wifi, connection internet illimitée tout est possible à partir de montparnasse metro: plaisance, pernety, alesia, mouton duvernet. en fonction de leur souhait. le studio est complètement indépendant . proximité de tous commerces. metro: alesia ,pernety, mouton duvernet et bus (58,28,62.....) ambiance familliale dans le quartier, aucun problème de sécurité.
25422	Les cinquante mètres carré de cet appartement lumineux sont dans un immeuble récent, au 6 ème étage avec ascenceur. Le parquet est neuf (automne 2013).	Les cinquante mètres carré de cet appartement lumineux sont dans un immeuble récent, au 6 ème étage avec ascenceur. Le parquet est neuf (automne 2013). Situé dans le 14ème, la rue Raymond Losserand offre tous les services de proximité : un petit parc, trois boulangeries et beaucoup de restaurant abordables. En 15 minutes à pied, on se retrouve sur 4 lignes de métro à la gare Montparnasse (train pour Versailles) ainsi que la rue des théatres de la Gaité. La station Pernety sur la ligne 13 est au pied de l'immeuble, la station de Vélib est en face de la porte d'entrée! Possiblité d'accueillir un ou deux enfants avec le grand canapé du salon. Et un piano pour les amateurs de musique!
25423	Dans un immeuble de standing calme et sécurisé, avec double ascenseur et place de parking (disponible soir et we), l’appartement offre une belle surface ouverte entre le salon et la chambre pour 2 ou 4 personnes. En plus du lit (literie neuve 180 x 200m) dans la chambre, il y a un convertible (de très bonne qualité, avec un vrai matelas 180 x 200m) dans le salon. Il y a également la possibilité de mettre un lit parapluie (non fourni) pour un bébé. La cuisine et la salle de bain représentent de beaux espaces également. A 3 min de la place Denfert-Rochereau, l’appartement est idéalement situé car desservi par de nombreux  transports en commun : Orlybus, RER B vers CDG et Orlyval, métro 4 et 6, bus 68, 38, 88 et 62, bornes autolib et velib. 	Dans un immeuble de standing calme et sécurisé, avec double ascenseur et place de parking (disponible soir et we), l’appartement offre une belle surface ouverte entre le salon et la chambre pour 2 ou 4 personnes. En plus du lit (literie neuve 180 x 200m) dans la chambre, il y a un convertible (de très bonne qualité, avec un vrai matelas 180 x 200m) dans le salon. Il y a également la possibilité de mettre un lit parapluie (non fourni) pour un bébé. La cuisine et la salle de bain représentent de beaux espaces également. A 3 min de la place Denfert-Rochereau, l’appartement est idéalement situé car desservi par de nombreux  transports en commun : Orlybus, RER B vers CDG et Orlyval, métro 4 et 6, bus 68, 38, 88 et 62, bornes autolib et velib.  Accès à toutes les pièces de l'appartement. Rangements disponibles dans la chambre (penderie) et dans la salle de bain (2 tiroirs d'un chiffonnier). Seules les portes du placard d'entrée sont condamnées.  Je propose d'échanger par mail et téléphone po
25424		Studio calme, spacieux et lumineux. Parfaitement situé dans le village Daguerre. Entre Montparnasse et Denfert Rochereau il offre beaucoup de possibilité pour sortir et se déplacer.
25425	Métro Alésia, appartement 3/4 pièces traversant lumineux et calme avec un double séjour comprenant un grand lit double donnant sur une petite rue calme. Grande chambre pouvant servir pour accueillir trois personnes ( lit double en mezzanine et lit simple enfant 1,75 M) , salle de bain avec baignoire/douche, cuisine fonctionnelle avec four, micro-onde et plaques gaz de ville. La grande chambre, la cuisine et la salle de bain donne sur le jardin d'un cloître. Ascenseur, digicode, concierge, voisinage absent ou discret. 	Métro Alésia, appartement 3/4 pièces traversant lumineux et calme avec un double séjour comprenant un grand lit double donnant sur une petite rue calme. Grande chambre pouvant servir pour accueillir trois personnes ( lit double en mezzanine et lit simple enfant 1,75 M) , salle de bain avec baignoire/douche, cuisine fonctionnelle avec four, micro-onde et plaques gaz de ville. La grande chambre, la cuisine et la salle de bain donne sur le jardin d'un cloître. Ascenseur, digicode, concierge, voisinage absent ou discret. 
25426	THE FLAT  A charming flat entirely renewed with modern furniture and decoration located in the ground floor of a typical Parisian building of 1930's.  The building is entirely secured with 2 doors with digital codes and a concierge. The flat is very well fitted out, confortable and calm. It has a surface of 45 square meters and can welcome 4 people. The bedroom and the bathroom are calm and have a view on a flowered interior court. Toilets are separate. The American kitchen is modern and fully furnished with a big table for 4 people. The kitchen is equipped with a recent dishwasher, oven, big fridge & freezer, coffee machine, boiler, and all the other cooking equipment required. A nice living room is fitted out with a convertible sofa for 2 persons and a big TV on wall, sound equipment and internet. THE LOCATION The flat is located in Alesia district, calm with numerous shops and restaurants, you will enjoy spending time around. The flat is at 15 Minutes transportation from city center	THE FLAT  A charming flat entirely renewed with modern furniture and decoration located in the ground floor of a typical Parisian building of 1930's.  The building is entirely secured with 2 doors with digital codes and a concierge. The flat is very well fitted out, confortable and calm. It has a surface of 45 square meters and can welcome 4 people. The bedroom and the bathroom are calm and have a view on a flowered interior court. Toilets are separate. The American kitchen is modern and fully furnished with a big table for 4 people. The kitchen is equipped with a recent dishwasher, oven, big fridge & freezer, coffee machine, boiler, and all the other cooking equipment required. A nice living room is fitted out with a convertible sofa for 2 persons and a big TV on wall, sound equipment and internet. THE LOCATION The flat is located in Alesia district, calm with numerous shops and restaurants, you will enjoy spending time around. The flat is at 15 Minutes transportation from city center
25427	Apartment of 145 square meters, standing in a Haussmann building on the 6th floor with lift and stunning views: a large living room with fireplace, dining room, 3 bedrooms and an office with fitness equipment and two bathrooms and toilet and a large kitchen. Metro, RER, bus and taxi rank at the bottom of the building. Near Montparnasse and Saint Germain des closely the dome (larger Parisian brasserie), La Fayette galleries and Cheap, Dome restaurant and several small cinemas and theater. 5 minutes of the building is a typical Parisian market with good French (website hidden) in each room, internet and phone.	Apartment of 145 square meters, standing in a Haussmann building on the 6th floor with lift and stunning views: a large living room with fireplace, dining room, 3 bedrooms and an office with fitness equipment and two bathrooms and toilet and a large kitchen. Metro, RER, bus and taxi rank at the bottom of the building. Near Montparnasse and Saint Germain des closely the dome (larger Parisian brasserie), La Fayette galleries and Cheap, Dome restaurant and several small cinemas and theater. 5 minutes of the building is a typical Parisian market with good French (website hidden) in each room, internet and phone.
25428	In a building made safe by two codes and with a permanent house keeper, this Paris apartment is totally renovated and refurbished with very comfortable, modern furniture. It is a little jewel that you will just fall in love with. You first enter a small hall way, with a wall closet, and then head directly to this living room. This is equipped with a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further people to sleep here. The bedroom has two single beds, which can be put together to form one large double bed, and a large wall closet where all your stuff can be stored. The kitchen comes fully equipped and is open onto the living room, it can therefore be completely closed and unnoticeable. The bathroom has a very spacious walk in shower and contains the toilet. The decorator took real care in organizing the Paris flat and ensured  that it is a very pleasant place to stay. The colors and choice of paintings on the walls make this place unreal as it combines comfort, modernism and t	In a building made safe by two codes and with a permanent house keeper, this Paris apartment is totally renovated and refurbished with very comfortable, modern furniture. It is a little jewel that you will just fall in love with. You first enter a small hall way, with a wall closet, and then head directly to this living room. This is equipped with a very comfortable double sofa bed which allows two further people to sleep here. The bedroom has two single beds, which can be put together to form one large double bed, and a large wall closet where all your stuff can be stored. The kitchen comes fully equipped and is open onto the living room, it can therefore be completely closed and unnoticeable. The bathroom has a very spacious walk in shower and contains the toilet. The decorator took real care in organizing the Paris flat and ensured  that it is a very pleasant place to stay. The colors and choice of paintings on the walls make this place unreal as it combines comfort, modernism and t
25429	L'appartement compte un grand lit double. Il est tres calme et tres central. Il est lumineux (5eme etage oriente sud), comporte une grande piece de vie ouverte sur une grande terrasse, une cuisine fonctionnelle dans laquelle on peut prendre les repas. Avis aux musiciens : il y a un piano !	Appart. 38 metres carres + terrasse plein sud et sans vis a vis, au calme dans secteur central du 14eme (tout pres des metros). Sejour ouvert sur terrasse, coin chambre separe par des panneaux japonais Loc a la semaine a compter du dimanche ou lundi L'appartement compte un grand lit double. Il est tres calme et tres central. Il est lumineux (5eme etage oriente sud), comporte une grande piece de vie ouverte sur une grande terrasse, une cuisine fonctionnelle dans laquelle on peut prendre les repas. Avis aux musiciens : il y a un piano ! Les catacombes et la rue Daguerre a 5mn, le luxembourg a 15 mn a pied. metro saint jacques et denfert rochereau
25430	Un bel appartement de 40m^2, pratique, lumineux et agréable à vivre.  Une chambre avec un lit double Un salon avec un canapé-lit, télévision et placard Une cuisine/salle à manger avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner à disposition Une salle de bain avec baignoire	Bel appartement lumineux de 40m^2, à 2 min de la station Port-Royal, accès facile depuis aéroports et gares, situation centrale dans Paris, proche commerces, à 5min du jardin du Luxembourg Idéal pour un couple ou pour un groupe de 2-3 amis. Un bel appartement de 40m^2, pratique, lumineux et agréable à vivre.  Une chambre avec un lit double Un salon avec un canapé-lit, télévision et placard Une cuisine/salle à manger avec tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner à disposition Une salle de bain avec baignoire Nous vous apporterons les clefs au début du séjour à l'heure et à l'endroit convenu avec vous. L'appartement se situe au coeur de Paris, entre Denfert, Montparnasse, Luxembourg, proche des commerces, du RER, de nombreuses stations de bus et de noctilien. Location à la semaine uniquement
25431	"Perfectly located in the 14th arrondissement on the famous rue d'Alésia, my studio is just a 5 minutes walk from subway stations Alésia (line 4) and Plaisance (line 13) and just in front of the bus stop of line 62. On the 8th floor of a modern building (with elevator!), my place is 25 m² and all equipped. Scared to feel a little confined? Well, be sure you won't be! My studio is roomy and well appointed! You will enter in a little corridor, and just on your right will be the bathroom, with its beautiful brand new grey tiled floor, and a bathtub to relax after a busy day visiting the city! At the end of the corridor is the main room, very luminous. It has its own ""kitchen corner"" with everything you need, including fridge, Nespresso device, microwaves ... The room has a very comfortable futon, that you can turn into a sofa to enjoy a good DVD (a flat screen is hung on the wall), a piano if Paris inspires you, a desk ..., well everything you might want or need! And as Paris is known to b"	"Perfectly located in the 14th arrondissement on the famous rue d'Alésia, my studio is just a 5 minutes walk from subway stations Alésia (line 4) and Plaisance (line 13) and just in front of the bus stop of line 62. On the 8th floor of a modern building (with elevator!), my place is 25 m² and all equipped. Scared to feel a little confined? Well, be sure you won't be! My studio is roomy and well appointed! You will enter in a little corridor, and just on your right will be the bathroom, with its beautiful brand new grey tiled floor, and a bathtub to relax after a busy day visiting the city! At the end of the corridor is the main room, very luminous. It has its own ""kitchen corner"" with everything you need, including fridge, Nespresso device, microwaves ... The room has a very comfortable futon, that you can turn into a sofa to enjoy a good DVD (a flat screen is hung on the wall), a piano if Paris inspires you, a desk ..., well everything you might want or need! And as Paris is known to b"
25432	"I offer you my small, quiet and very close apartment by the subway, straight to the famous avenue ""Les Champs Elysées"" (7 stations, about 10 minutes). You will be at 10 minutes walk from the area Montparnasse, famous for its tower and the best ""crepes"" restaurants. You will also find some theaters and cinemas. Everything is at a walk distance so you cannot be annoyed in this area ! You will live in a small and calm street with pavement and close to all commodities such as 2 bakeries to taste the best french bread. The apartment is composed with a room with a queen bed perfect for couples and a small living room with a sofa and a table. You will have a small kitchen with microwave, laundry, toaster and The Nespresso machine to taste italian coffee. I will give you with pleasure some advises if needed to discover the surrounding to make sure you have a perfect trip! Notice that I offer some sheets and towels bath, so no need to worry  "	"I offer you my small, quiet and very close apartment by the subway, straight to the famous avenue ""Les Champs Elysées"" (7 stations, about 10 minutes). You will be at 10 minutes walk from the area Montparnasse, famous for its tower and the best ""crepes"" restaurants. You will also find some theaters and cinemas. Everything is at a walk distance so you cannot be annoyed in this area ! You will live in a small and calm street with pavement and close to all commodities such as 2 bakeries to taste the best french bread. The apartment is composed with a room with a queen bed perfect for couples and a small living room with a sofa and a table. You will have a small kitchen with microwave, laundry, toaster and The Nespresso machine to taste italian coffee. I will give you with pleasure some advises if needed to discover the surrounding to make sure you have a perfect trip! Notice that I offer some sheets and towels bath, so no need to worry  Métro ligne 3 Station Pernety"
25433	Tout proche de Montparnasse, très calme.Cet appartement  peut accueillir 2 personnes dans une chambre indépendante et est très bien desservi en transports en commun. Cuisine équipée. Proche de grands parcs, cinémas, nombreux commerces.. TV écran plat internet , lecteur dvd,  wifi radio, chaîne hifi. L'appartement dans lequel vous entrez est privé, très calme,  vous disposez d'une chambre avec un lit double, un bureau et placard et d'une salle de bain partagée au sein de cet appartement.Elle est desservie directement par le couloir d'entrée de l'appartement et a un accès direct à la salle de bains et à la cuisine.  La maitresse de maison vit dans cette appartement de façon indépendante et très discrète. Peu souvent là à cause de ma profession. 	Tout proche de Montparnasse, très calme.Cet appartement  peut accueillir 2 personnes dans une chambre indépendante et est très bien desservi en transports en commun. Cuisine équipée. Proche de grands parcs, cinémas, nombreux commerces.. TV écran plat internet , lecteur dvd,  wifi radio, chaîne hifi. L'appartement dans lequel vous entrez est privé, très calme,  vous disposez d'une chambre avec un lit double, un bureau et placard et d'une salle de bain partagée au sein de cet appartement.Elle est desservie directement par le couloir d'entrée de l'appartement et a un accès direct à la salle de bains et à la cuisine.  La maitresse de maison vit dans cette appartement de façon indépendante et très discrète. Peu souvent là à cause de ma profession.  Quartier vivant et agréable. De nombreux commerces, supermarchés, boulangeries, pharmacies, restaurants, et prés d'espaces verts et parcs.  L'appartement est situé rive gauche, dans un quartier authentique de Paris à 15mn à pied du quartier artis
25434	This adorable one bedroom flat with an individual style offers you a quality living space that you will love. The space has been well thought out and decorated carefully to ensure you feel right at home and can relax in peace after a tiring day walking around the hustle and bustle of Paris.   This property is part of a co-ownership, surrounded by lovely private houses with gardens and with a charming courtyard available to the residents only, where you can enjoy a drink or simply sit and relax, bothered only by the sounds of nature.   The flat is situated on the 2nd floor with stairs, in a stone building, is very bright and sunny due to its southern aspect and open outlook. You will be able to see the old 'Coulée Verte' which is Paris' former railway line which has returned to nature by over grown vegetation.   The flat was completely renovated in May 2014; the exposed oak floorboards, classic white-washed walls and quality designer furniture makes for a chic effect.     The arrangemen	A One Bedroom Flat, quiet, surronded by trees, so atypical for Center paris and furnished with top quality amenities, perfect for people that want to visit paris and relax in a high confort! This adorable one bedroom flat with an individual style offers you a quality living space that you will love. The space has been well thought out and decorated carefully to ensure you feel right at home and can relax in peace after a tiring day walking around the hustle and bustle of Paris.   This property is part of a co-ownership, surrounded by lovely private houses with gardens and with a charming courtyard available to the residents only, where you can enjoy a drink or simply sit and relax, bothered only by the sounds of nature.   The flat is situated on the 2nd floor with stairs, in a stone building, is very bright and sunny due to its southern aspect and open outlook. You will be able to see the old 'Coulée Verte' which is Paris' former railway line which has returned to nature by over grown 
25435	Appartement de 2 pièces de 30m2, pratique et très bien situé, avec une belle vue sur les toits de paris du 7e et dernier étage (avec ascenseur). Il est composé d'une chambre (1 vrai lit double, 1 bureau, 1 armoire et 1 balcon), d'un salon avec 1 canapé-lit et un coin cuisine (frigo, congélateur,  micro-onde/grill, cafetière et bouilloire, 1 plaque induction, pas d'évier mais lavabo dans la salle de bain). Il y a la possibilité de mettre un matelas par terre pour une cinquième personne ou un lit bébé. Il y a une salle de bain avec une douche, un lavabo et un WC. Et pour finir, la cerise sur le gâteau est un petit balcon avec vue sur jardin.  Vous aurez accès à internet par wifi, les draps et les serviettes sont fournis et je peux vous fournir du matériel pour bébé. 	Bel appartement, très bien situé, dans un quartier dynamique. Petit mais douillet, il vous accueillera pour votre séjour et vous fournira l'essentiel pour un bon moment à Paris!!! Tarifs réduits possibles pour de nombreuses attractions à Paris!!! Appartement de 2 pièces de 30m2, pratique et très bien situé, avec une belle vue sur les toits de paris du 7e et dernier étage (avec ascenseur). Il est composé d'une chambre (1 vrai lit double, 1 bureau, 1 armoire et 1 balcon), d'un salon avec 1 canapé-lit et un coin cuisine (frigo, congélateur,  micro-onde/grill, cafetière et bouilloire, 1 plaque induction, pas d'évier mais lavabo dans la salle de bain). Il y a la possibilité de mettre un matelas par terre pour une cinquième personne ou un lit bébé. Il y a une salle de bain avec une douche, un lavabo et un WC. Et pour finir, la cerise sur le gâteau est un petit balcon avec vue sur jardin.  Vous aurez accès à internet par wifi, les draps et les serviettes sont fournis et je peux vous fournir d
25436	I am renting my flat in the 14th arrondissement,  A few steps from Montparnasse, Place d'italie and St MICHEL.  Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris  A nice apartment quiet, in a beautiful Parisian building. Room-dining room,bedroom kitchen (hob,  fridge ect ...) and bathroom, toilet, ... In the kitchen, there is a Nespresso coffee machine and all the staples you may need.  You can use everything in my apartment.   I would like someone who is respectful and do not damage my things, that's it =) Around there, you can enjoy :  - Typical Rue Mouffetard with their restaurants, bars and shops  - Butte aux cailles - Montparnasse  - Place d'ITALIE - Notre Dame de Paris  - Saint Michel So around my place, you have :  - Subway line 6 : Champs Elysées, Montparnasse,Tower Eiffel - Subway line 4 : Chatelet les halles, Opéra, St Michel,Jardin du luxembourg  - RER b : Charles de Gaulle Airport Or Orly Airport - Bus 62 and ORLYBUS and 21 I will not be there but will be available if need	"Cosy and nice flat for 2 persons. Quiet neighborhood, despite of being nearby the city center.  With lots of supermarkets around and restaurants.  Nearby there is a a nice garden ""Parc Montsouris""  I am renting my flat in the 14th arrondissement,  A few steps from Montparnasse, Place d'italie and St MICHEL.  Ideal location to visit all the monuments of Paris  A nice apartment quiet, in a beautiful Parisian building. Room-dining room,bedroom kitchen (hob,  fridge ect ...) and bathroom, toilet, ... In the kitchen, there is a Nespresso coffee machine and all the staples you may need.  You can use everything in my apartment.   I would like someone who is respectful and do not damage my things, that's it =) Around there, you can enjoy :  - Typical Rue Mouffetard with their restaurants, bars and shops  - Butte aux cailles - Montparnasse  - Place d'ITALIE - Notre Dame de Paris  - Saint Michel So around my place, you have :  - Subway line 6 : Champs Elysées, Montparnasse,Tower Eiffel - Subway "
25437	Lappartement est situé à  5-10 mn à pied de la Gare Montparnasse 20 minutes en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly 20 minutes en metro de la Porte de Versailles  A 10 minutes en bus de St Germain des Pres	Perfect location in Paris !  45m2 with a balcony If you want to spend a week end or a couple of days in Paris, drop me a message,  I'll answer to you as soon as I get it ! Bienvenue à Paris :) Lappartement est situé à  5-10 mn à pied de la Gare Montparnasse 20 minutes en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly 20 minutes en metro de la Porte de Versailles  A 10 minutes en bus de St Germain des Pres Wifi Le 14 ème est un quartier très agréable, calme et populaire, on s'y sent bien ! M13 Gaité / Pernety M6 Edgard Quinet RER B Denfert - Rochereau 
25438	Appartement très lumineux, grandes baies vitrées, parquet en bois. Coin salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, télé, internet wifi. Coin salle à manger, ouvert sur cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, micro onde, four, plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver...) Salle d’eau douche WC. En mezzanine, 2 petites chambres avec chacune un lit 2 places et rangements. Appartement confortable, en très bon état. Produit de première nécessité à disposition. Serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. 	Charmant appartement de 56m carré dans le 14ème arrondissement.  Ancien atelier d’artiste, très lumineux et agréable, grande hauteur sous plafond, espace a vivre confortable et fonctionnel, cuisine toute équipée, 2 chambres en mezzanine. Appartement très lumineux, grandes baies vitrées, parquet en bois. Coin salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, télé, internet wifi. Coin salle à manger, ouvert sur cuisine équipée (lave vaisselle, micro onde, four, plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine a laver...) Salle d’eau douche WC. En mezzanine, 2 petites chambres avec chacune un lit 2 places et rangements. Appartement confortable, en très bon état. Produit de première nécessité à disposition. Serviettes de toilette et draps fournis. Je me ferai un plaisir de vous accueillir, de vous orienter et de vous conseiller sur les points touristiques du quartier. Quartier calme, agréable et très familial, nombreux commerces et restaurants a proximité, cinémas, parc. Proche station de métro lign
25439	120 m2 two levels storey-artist studio on a courtyard garden. A single bedroom, ground floor, a double bedroom and another single bedroom (1.85m single bed) upstairs. Large quiet cozy life space.	Beautiful Artist Studio ground floor of a unique 1930 architecture building, bright and quiet, turned into a family-friendly space. Located opposite to the Paris Observatory, just a stone's throw from the Jardin du Luxembourg and Montparnasse. 120 m2 two levels storey-artist studio on a courtyard garden. A single bedroom, ground floor, a double bedroom and another single bedroom (1.85m single bed) upstairs. Large quiet cozy life space. . In a unique wonderful architectural environment in Paris, the studio is next to the Paris Observatory, in a very quiet street with little passing cars, benefiting from a exceptional location on the left bank, between the neighborhoods of Luxembourg Gardens, Montparnasse and the Latin Quarter. Dozens of restaurants are within walking distance. This is a very safe beautiful neighborhood in Paris. 5 min walk away from Port Royal RER metro station, express line to Charles De Gaulle airport. A block to bus lines connecting the main train stations, Gare de L
25440		        Situé en plein quartier de Montparnasse, beau 2 pièces lumineux de 40 m2 avec grande cuisine ,tout équipé .Proche Métro.Vous êtes la bienvenue!smile      
25441		Petit appartement de 26m2, en plein Paris. L'appartement se trouve dans le 14ème, proche de Montparnasse, métros ligne 4, 6 et 13 RER B à disposition. Il se compose d'un salon avec cuisine ouverte, une salle de bain et une grande chambre vue sur cour
25442	Very bright apartment in a district one of the most quiet of Paris, the famous district of the Artists! This district is known for all its architects' houses and big artist loft which make it so particular and pleasing to live and to visit. Situated in a quite small three-storeyed co-ownership, this Parisian typical apartment is a haven of peace in the daytime and at night and convenient to the rest or for work in peace! Very well equipped, you will find all you which and need: fully-equipped kitchen, separate dining room, lounge, then separate bedroom but also internet, cable tv and phone.	Three rooms, 50m², Apartment in beautifull area ! It is the district i prefer in Paris, because a lot of Public Parc and most of all so calm and peacefull ! Very bright apartment in a district one of the most quiet of Paris, the famous district of the Artists! This district is known for all its architects' houses and big artist loft which make it so particular and pleasing to live and to visit. Situated in a quite small three-storeyed co-ownership, this Parisian typical apartment is a haven of peace in the daytime and at night and convenient to the rest or for work in peace! Very well equipped, you will find all you which and need: fully-equipped kitchen, separate dining room, lounge, then separate bedroom but also internet, cable tv and phone. I will help renters to live like a Parisian ! I will be here to help in any case. Very well located, you will be at the center of Paris ( notre-dame cathedrale ) in 20 minutes with line 4 of subway ! And nearer, It would be sad or a pity to visi
25443	"You really like to live real Parisian life ? My flat is for (email hidden) by bus or 10 mn by metro from Touristic center of Paris, the flat is located in a nice typical Parisian area, but aside from usually tourists areas. The Alesia area is a former popular area, close to the Montparnasse artists area in the late 19ies (5mn by foot). Small streets, Haussmann-style buildings and also small individual houses, restaurants, bars and also small shops, ... everything you need you will find it ! In addition, the flat has a 30 sqm terrace, which makes it absolutely unique in Paris. I rebuilt the whole appartment few years ago with an architect, giving it a ""loft"" look. This tastefully decorated 50 square meters, with one bedroom, apartment is located on rue des Plantes in the 14th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 up to 4 people (on a couch in the main room for the additional 2 people). I really recommend the flat for 2 people, or with 2 smal"	"You really like to live real Parisian life ? My flat is for (email hidden) by bus or 10 mn by metro from Touristic center of Paris, the flat is located in a nice typical Parisian area, but aside from usually tourists areas. The Alesia area is a former popular area, close to the Montparnasse artists area in the late 19ies (5mn by foot). Small streets, Haussmann-style buildings and also small individual houses, restaurants, bars and also small shops, ... everything you need you will find it ! In addition, the flat has a 30 sqm terrace, which makes it absolutely unique in Paris. I rebuilt the whole appartment few years ago with an architect, giving it a ""loft"" look. This tastefully decorated 50 square meters, with one bedroom, apartment is located on rue des Plantes in the 14th arrondissement, on the 1 st French floor of a 20th century building and it sleeps 2 up to 4 people (on a couch in the main room for the additional 2 people). I really recommend the flat for 2 people, or with 2 smal"
25444		This is a furnished studio apartment with double bed, bathroom (shower / toilet / sink), TV and internet / WIFI, kitchen with induction cooker, fridge / freezer, microwave, coffee machine, toaster. Capacity 2 pers. Pleasant, picturesque, quiet, shops
25445	The living room has a big flat (HD) screen, Sonos music system available in all the flat.	Amazing flat in Paris, 3 minutes walk from the nearest subway.  You have 2 bedrooms, 1  You are in the heart of Paris in 15 min.
25446	Appartement de 52 m², bien aménagé et agréable à vivre. 2 grandes chambres spacieuses avec lits double confortables. Cuisine équipée. 	Ancien appartement avec parquet et cheminées en marbre dans chaque pièce, ensoleillé et donnant sur la coulée verte de Paris. Calme avec vue sur un parc verdoyant. Chambres spacieuses. Quartier agréable avec tout à proximité. Appartement de 52 m², bien aménagé et agréable à vivre. 2 grandes chambres spacieuses avec lits double confortables. Cuisine équipée. Location d'une deux chambres avec accès à la salle de bain, à la cuisine et au salon. Possibilité de louer en plus le salon pour 2 personnes supplémentaires (canapé convertible confortable). Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et répondre à vos questions sur l'appartement et les bons plans sur Paris ! 14e arrondissement de Paris, quartier agréable et paisible avec tous les commerces nécessaires à proximité. 20 min en bus ou métro du centre de Paris. - Métro Plaisance ligne 13 - Métro Alésia ligne 4 - Tram T3 Didot - Bus 58 direction Châtelet
25447	Appartement de 40m2 en rez de chaussé dans une cours donnant sur un magnifique jardin, très calme. Mur en pierre, très atypique, un peu artiste !  Avec mon ami nous avons notre propre chambre , je propose donc un canapé lit très grand et confortable dans le salon! 	Très jolie appartement de 40 m2 en rez de chaussé près de Denfert Rochereau et juste en face du métro Mouton Duvernet, ligne 4 qui mène au cœur de Paris !  Donne sur un magnifique jardin, ou le silence règne. Nombreux commerces aux environs. Appartement de 40m2 en rez de chaussé dans une cours donnant sur un magnifique jardin, très calme. Mur en pierre, très atypique, un peu artiste !  Avec mon ami nous avons notre propre chambre , je propose donc un canapé lit très grand et confortable dans le salon! Vous pouvez disposer de toutes les pièces de l'appartement excepté notre chambre. Possibilité de cuisiner vous même, il y a tout ce qu'il mais faut (plaques de gaz, four, ustensiles divers et variés) mais attention pas de micro-onde ! Je suis souvent absente le soir donc vous pouvez vraiment profiter de toutes les pièces dont la grande table du salon pour manger ! Code wifi disponible Je travaille dans le secteur culturel et suis donc au courant de toutes les grandes manifestations parisi
25448	The apartment is located in a typical Haussmann building, at the 5th floor thus enjoying a great light and view from the balcony. It is suitable for up to 4 people and high-speed WiFi access is provided to all our guests. Bedroom : Equipped with 1 comfortable double-bed. Quiet and on courtyard side. Living-room : Sofa can be converted as bed for 2 persons. Equipped with large HD TV and Hi-Fi amplifier. 2 large windows that gives access to the balcony. Kitchen : Eqquiped with dishwasher, 2 electric plates, microwave, oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine and all needed accessories to cook! Bathroom : Large shower, miror, hairdryer and WC.	Cosy, quiet and comfortable appartement in a classic Haussmann building. 1 bedroom, 1 living room, kitchen and bathroom. Furnished and fully equipped with TV and internet. Located on  top floor with balcony and nice view over Paris and Eiffel Tower The apartment is located in a typical Haussmann building, at the 5th floor thus enjoying a great light and view from the balcony. It is suitable for up to 4 people and high-speed WiFi access is provided to all our guests. Bedroom : Equipped with 1 comfortable double-bed. Quiet and on courtyard side. Living-room : Sofa can be converted as bed for 2 persons. Equipped with large HD TV and Hi-Fi amplifier. 2 large windows that gives access to the balcony. Kitchen : Eqquiped with dishwasher, 2 electric plates, microwave, oven, fridge, freezer, washing machine and all needed accessories to cook! Bathroom : Large shower, miror, hairdryer and WC. Apartment will be fully available. Make yourself at home ! We can provide all needed information to enjo
25449	situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur et escalier de service	situé au 2ème étage avec ascenseur et escalier de service Le 14éme arrondissement est un quartier très agréable. Vous serez situé à proximité immédiate de la rue Daguerre : commerces en tout genre, excellents restaurants typiques et atypiques, bars et ambiance animée en soirée et week-end. Egalement très proche de Montparnasse, vavin, Edgar-quinet et rue de la gaîté. métro ligne 13 (station gaîté) métro lignes 4, 6, 12, 13 (station Montparnasse-bienvenue) Gare Montparnasse studio équipé de machine à laver, four micro-wave, four traditionnel, frigidaire + compartiment congélation, lave-vaisselle, TV et chaîne câblées, accès internet très haut débit (fibre), chaîne Hi-fi, scanner imprimante, produits d'entretiens...
25450	Charming studio flat  ( 172.2 sq ft) located on the 6th floor ( without elevator but it's good for health!) of a building with character, small but functional, there are all amenities : an internet connection, sheets, towels,  a kitchenette  very convenient to cook with all the necessary :  hotplates, fridge, mini oven ..., a large bathroom in proportion to the apartment without washer, however, but there is a laundromat very closed to the building.  Even if it's ideal for one person the studio can no problem accommodate 2 persons,  there is a  big sofa bed.  The atmosphere is  very girly and  the accomodation is very bright and colors full.  It is a little cocoon in which is pleasant to take  shelter to spend a cozy night away from the fuss of the capital.  As regards  the neighborhood, it's great and very parisian.   Nearby Rue Daguerre, one of the most historical famous shopping street of Paris,  that provides a great source for market fresh food in case you feel like cooking yourse	STUDIO FLAT  Charming studio flat  ( 172.2 sq ft) located on the 6th floor ( without elevator but it's good for health!) of a building with character, small but functional, there are all amenities : an internet connection, sheets, towels,  a kitchenette  very convenient to cook with all the necessary :  hotplates, fridge, mini oven ..., a large bathroom in proportion to the apartment without washer, however, but there is a laundromat very closed to the building.  Even if it's ideal for one person the studio can no problem accommodate 2 persons,  there is a  big sofa bed.  The atmosphere is  very girly and  the accomodation is very bright and colors full.  It is a little cocoon in which is pleasant to take  shelter to spend a cozy night away from the fuss of the capital.  As regards  the neighborhood, it's great and very parisian.   Nearby Rue Daguerre, one of the most historical famous shopping street of Paris,  that provides a great source for market fresh food in case you feel like c
25451	Appartement 2 pièces très calme et lumineux. Il est idéal pour 2 personnes et dispose de tout le confort nécessaire. Agréable pièce à vivre ensoleillée toute la journée. L'appartement se situe à 2 pas de Montparnasse, il est également proche de la porte de Versailles.	Appartement 2 pièces plein de charme, très calme et lumineux grâce à sa verrière. A 2 pas de Montparnasse dans un quartier vivant, il est idéalement situé pour découvrir la capitale. Appartement 2 pièces très calme et lumineux. Il est idéal pour 2 personnes et dispose de tout le confort nécessaire. Agréable pièce à vivre ensoleillée toute la journée. L'appartement se situe à 2 pas de Montparnasse, il est également proche de la porte de Versailles. Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement. La cour intérieure de l'immeuble est également accessible. En cas de besoin, nous sommes joignables par téléphone tout au long de votre séjour. Quartier très agréable et vivant avec plein de petits commerces, brasserie et restaurants. Au coin de la rue se trouve la rue des Thermopyles, petite rue verdoyante où il est agréable de se balader. A 2 pas également, l’entrepôt, un espace culturel/salle de concert/restaurant proposant dans un patio un brunch très sympa le weekend. L'appartement est à 2 pas du metr
25452	Logement cosy dans un quartier très agréable. Proche de nombreux commerces et des boulangeries primées.	Studio confortable au centre de Paris, à 5 mn de la gare Montparnasse, près de la station de  métro PERNETY, ligne 14. Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris et ses monuments. Le quartier est dynamique: commerces à proximité ,bars, restaurants, théâtre. Logement cosy dans un quartier très agréable. Proche de nombreux commerces et des boulangeries primées. grâce à sa localisation vous avez accès en 5 min à la gare Montparnasse et aux théâtres de Gaité. Avec la ligne 13, vous pouvez vous rendre en 10 min aux invalides et aux champs Elysées, ainsi qu 'un accès en 20 min à la gare saint Lazare et aux grands magasins : Printemps et galeries Lafayette.  Par le bus, en 10 min vous pouvez également visiter la butte aux cailles petit quartier très agréable et vivant de Paris et être en 30 min à la bibliothèque François Mitterrand.  Le tram T3 est également à 7 min à pied Nous sommes disponibles si vous souhaitez des conseils ou de l'aide pour organiser votre séjour dans notre ville. Quartier Raymo
25453	"35 m2 studio, with great light & all furnished, at the 4th floor (with elevator) of a family residence, with caretaker, digicode and security gate, offering a great view on a garden plenty of sunlight!   The kitchen is fully furnished, (large refrigerator, 2 burner stove, countertop toaster-oven, microwave, clothes washer), a large bathroom with a bathtube, and a cosy room with a large bay window, a couch, a TV screen, 1 table, 4 chairs, and a corner with a real bed for 2 persons.  Only 3 minutes walk from tramway station, less than 10 minutes from ""Alesia"" subway station, in the middle of the 14th ""arrondissement"", a family neighborhood with plenty of shops, cinemas, restaurants, markets. Montparnasse & Saint-Germain-des-Prés are at walking distance (30 minutes by walking; 15 minutes by bus or metro), with their well-known theatres, cinemas, museums & restaurants. The heart of Paris culture & history (St Michel, Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre Museum, the Eifferl Tower, Orsay Museum, Sac"	"35 m2 studio, with great light & all furnished, at the 4th floor (with elevator) of a family residence, with caretaker, digicode and security gate, offering a great view on a garden plenty of sunlight!   The kitchen is fully furnished, (large refrigerator, 2 burner stove, countertop toaster-oven, microwave, clothes washer), a large bathroom with a bathtube, and a cosy room with a large bay window, a couch, a TV screen, 1 table, 4 chairs, and a corner with a real bed for 2 persons.  Only 3 minutes walk from tramway station, less than 10 minutes from ""Alesia"" subway station, in the middle of the 14th ""arrondissement"", a family neighborhood with plenty of shops, cinemas, restaurants, markets. Montparnasse & Saint-Germain-des-Prés are at walking distance (30 minutes by walking; 15 minutes by bus or metro), with their well-known theatres, cinemas, museums & restaurants. The heart of Paris culture & history (St Michel, Notre Dame Cathedral, Louvre Museum, the Eifferl Tower, Orsay Museum, Sac"
25454	Enjoy a fully furnished and renovated studio at the 4th floor of an apartment without elevator. It takes place in the 14th district of Paris. It’s a sunny, cosy and quiet 20 square metres flat. It can accommodate two people. It's a safe neighbourhood 1 room with :   a sofa bed a coffee table a big wardrobe a fully furnished kitchen: micro wave/ fridge/ kettle, water filter…. a bar with two stools Internet and WI FI 1 fully furnished bathroom : a shower, a wash basin, toilet, a bathroom sink… Toilet paper and towels are included. We asking for a verified identification from our future tenants. 	"Enjoy a fully furnished and renovated studio at the 4th floor of an apartment without elevator. It takes place in the 14th district of Paris. It’s a sunny, cosy and quiet 20 square metres flat. It can accommodate two people. It's a safe neighbourhood 1 room with :   a sofa bed a coffee table a big wardrobe a fully furnished kitchen: micro wave/ fridge/ kettle, water filter…. a bar with two stools Internet and WI FI 1 fully furnished bathroom : a shower, a wash basin, toilet, a bathroom sink… Toilet paper and towels are included. We asking for a verified identification from our future tenants. The ""Denfert-Rochereau"" area is full of shops, nice restaurants, groceries , wine bars, cafés. . There are some really nice areas located less than 10-15 minutes away on foot such as Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Fondation Cartier, Catacombs or the Parc Montsouris. The closest subway station is Denfert-Rochereau which is less than 2 minutes away on foot where there are the RER B, the 4th l"
25455	Metro Gaité, Edgard Quinet	    Cosy and lovely studio (33m2) near Montparnasse. Completely refurbished in 2013. One living room & a large Kitchen. Well connected : bus, subway, train, TGV, Velib nearby. Apartment overlooks a quiet and adorable courtyard.     Metro Gaité, Edgard Quinet 5min walf from Gare Montparnasse 10 min walk from Denfert Rochereau (Airport Transfers to Orly and Roissy)  15 min walk from Jardin du Luxembourg
25456	Spacious and charming 36m2 apartment in Paris. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, one bedroom with a double bed, a living room and bathroom with bathtub. In the kitchen you will find an oven/microwave, refrigerator, toaster, coffee machine, and Kitchen utensils. Everything you need to cook! The bedroom has a double bed (140x190cm) and a closet to put your clothes. In the living/dining room you’ll have a sofa, a table with four chairs, a desk to put your laptop and get internet access (wifi is possible as well) and a TV.  The bathroom has a bathtub, a toilet and a sink. 	Calm and Charming 36m2 flat fully équipped (washing machine, kitchen, double bed, sofa bed, etc) near Luxembourg gardens and Montparnasse, 10'  and 15' by walk resp. Easy accès to metro L6 (Glacière) and RER B (Denfert Rochereau).
25457	Cosy apartment in the very French charm and well positioned in the center of Paris.Near the Luxembourg Gardens and located in Montparnasse, a former artist quarter.Small area but good distribution. Partly because south.Many facilities in transport. This is simply a wonderful area of Paris, a few minutes walk from your door cafes, bakeries, great restaurants, shops, etc. The transportation is also very close, just a minute walk from the station Edgar Quinet (line 6) or a little further away from Vavin line 4 will take you to Saint-Michel and Saint-Germain, Chatelet, so you can easily walk to the Luxembourg Gardens only 10-12 minutes metro subway! It is also the theater district of Paris, if anyone wants to catch up comedy or drama in action. More there are more than two dozen movie theaters nearby, many of them play with original soundtrack in English.   	Cosy apartment in the very French charm and well positioned in the center of Paris.Near the Luxembourg Gardens and located in Montparnasse, a former artist quarter.Small area but good distribution. Partly because south.Many facilities in transport. This is simply a wonderful area of Paris, a few minutes walk from your door cafes, bakeries, great restaurants, shops, etc. The transportation is also very close, just a minute walk from the station Edgar Quinet (line 6) or a little further away from Vavin line 4 will take you to Saint-Michel and Saint-Germain, Chatelet, so you can easily walk to the Luxembourg Gardens only 10-12 minutes metro subway! It is also the theater district of Paris, if anyone wants to catch up comedy or drama in action. More there are more than two dozen movie theaters nearby, many of them play with original soundtrack in English.   
25458	The apartment, located on the 5th floor (with elevator), opens onto a spacious living room, fitted with dark parquet flooring: along the back wall, where you find the relaxation corner, the kitchenette and the bedroom, there is a large window with curtains offering ample natural light. The day area is composed of a table with 6 chairs, a bookcase, a sofa bed (140 cm), two side tables and a coffee table with a big mirror. Along the left wall there is a first niche, used as box room, and right beside it the bathroom with tub, basin and toilet. The second niche, also on the left, is occupied by the kitchen, which comes with dark cabinets and a small table with views, ideal for a quick breakfast or as study corner. On the right there is a door connecting the sitting corner to the night area, which offers a double bedroom, furnished with a double bed (140 cm), a spacious wardrobe, two bedside tables and an armchair.	Quiet and panoramic apartment of 50 (website hidden) in Paris, next to the Montparnasse station, perfectly placed to reach the most important sights of Paris thanks to the efficient connection to many subway lines. The apartment, located on the 5th floor (with elevator), opens onto a spacious living room, fitted with dark parquet flooring: along the back wall, where you find the relaxation corner, the kitchenette and the bedroom, there is a large window with curtains offering ample natural light. The day area is composed of a table with 6 chairs, a bookcase, a sofa bed (140 cm), two side tables and a coffee table with a big mirror. Along the left wall there is a first niche, used as box room, and right beside it the bathroom with tub, basin and toilet. The second niche, also on the left, is occupied by the kitchen, which comes with dark cabinets and a small table with views, ideal for a quick breakfast or as study corner. On the right there is a door connecting the sitting corner to th
25459	Entièrement rénové cette année, le deux pièces est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC, et d'une grande pièce avec cuisine équipée. Fully renovated this year, this two rooms flat is composed of a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom and a living room with a fully-equiped kitchen 	Charmant deux pièces, au sixième et dernier étage avec ascenseur sous les toits parisiens.  Entièrement rénové cette année, le deux pièces est composé d'une chambre avec un lit double, d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC, et d'une grande pièce avec cuisine équipée. Fully renovated this year, this two rooms flat is composed of a bedroom with a queen size bed, a bathroom and a living room with a fully-equiped kitchen  Typique de la rive gauche, le quartier est vivant avec de nombreux cafés, magasins, cinémas, restaurant… Located on the left rive of Paris, in a bustling neighborhood with lots of cafés, shops, cinémas, restaurants... L'appartement est très bien desservi par les transports en communs : métro, bus, velib, autolib et noctiliens. Facile d'accès depuis les aéroports Orly et Roissy-Charles de Gaulle. The flat is very well deserved by public transports : underground, buses, night buses, velib, autolib.  Easy accès from Orly and Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport. 2 nuits minimum.
25460	Paris 14th district, 2 bedroom flat suitable for 4 persons (1 double bed, 2 twin beds), kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet. Modern building, bright and warm on the 13th floor (double lift) with magnificent view over Paris. At night, it's Manhattan!  Full-length balcony with chairs and small dining table. 10 minutes from RER and Metro station (direct to Charles de Gaulle and Orly Airports); bus station at the door direct to the Latin Quarter. Parc Montsouris across the street, ideal for joggers or for sitting on a bench to watch the swans on the lake and to have a coffee or a pancake. 15 minutes walk away from Chinatown and the picturesque quarter of Butte aux cailles, with many French restaurants. I'll meet you in person and give you all the tips!	Paris 14th district, 2 bedroom flat suitable for 4 persons (1 double bed, 2 twin beds), kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet. Modern building, bright and warm on the 13th floor (double lift) with magnificent view over Paris. At night, it's Manhattan!  Full-length balcony with chairs and small dining table. 10 minutes from RER and Metro station (direct to Charles de Gaulle and Orly Airports); bus station at the door direct to the Latin Quarter. Parc Montsouris across the street, ideal for joggers or for sitting on a bench to watch the swans on the lake and to have a coffee or a pancake. 15 minutes walk away from Chinatown and the picturesque quarter of Butte aux cailles, with many French restaurants. I'll meet you in person and give you all the tips!
25461		A 5 minutes de Montparnasse, dans un quartier agréable, venez découvrir les joies de Paris. Vous serez à 20 minutes des Champs Elysées. N'hésitez pas à réserver cette petite chambre sympathique pour être tranquille durant vos journées de visite Depuis la chambre, l'accès à la salle de bain est direct ... C'est parfois utile pour se doucher le matin ou le soir en rentrant d'une soirée festive par exemple ! Je serai joignable par téléphone ou mail n'hésitez pas à m'ecrire si vous rencontrez le moindre probleme. Entre l'avenue du Maine (qui mène à Montparnasse) et Alésia, l'appartement est à proximité de tous les commerces utiles, restaurants, Mcdonald's, Burger king  C'est un endroit calme, il y a une petite place en descendant dans la rue très agréable pour boire un verre en fin de journée Vous pouvez accéder à l'appartement depuis la gare Montparnasse à l'aide de la ligne 13 (arrêt Pernety) Il y a la ligne 4 (arrêt Alésia) qui est tout proche aussi.  C'est très bien desservi !
25462	charming, practical and really well located two rooms (one bedroom and one living room with convertible couch). All furnished flat.	Charming 34m2 (1 bedroom + living room with a sofa bed, all furnished), luminous, with view on a lovely private street. A Peaceful place in the heart of a living neighborhood (14th). Closed to transports, groceries, markets, bars and restaurants. charming, practical and really well located two rooms (one bedroom and one living room with convertible couch). All furnished flat. Full apartement. will be really availbale by phone and emails.
25463	Rare dans Paris, une résidence d'architecte très prisée, chaque pièce comporte des portes fenêtres qui rendent l'appartement très lumineux. Très confortable, au design épuré, moderne et convivial à l fois, calme	Dans résidence d'architecte de renom (Herzog et Demeuron) 3 pièces 70m2 entièrement vitrées très lumineux, grande terrasse fleurie japonisante avec coin dînatoire, Home cinéma Bang Olufsen, cuisine équipée, bureau avec ordinateur Mac, calme, Rare dans Paris, une résidence d'architecte très prisée, chaque pièce comporte des portes fenêtres qui rendent l'appartement très lumineux. Très confortable, au design épuré, moderne et convivial à l fois, calme 5 minutes à pieds du métro Plaisance (ligne 13), parking gratuit fermé au sein de la résidence A tout moment vous pouvez me joindre pour avoir des informations durant votre séjour Quartier très agréable avec toute commodité (grand supermarché dans la rue, métro à 5 minutes à pieds, quartier Montparnasse très vivant à 15 minutes à pieds, rue Raymond Losserand très commerçante à 5 minutes pieds, superbe Parc Montsouris à 15 minutes à pieds. Parking fermé à disposition, métro à 5 minutes à pieds
25464	At only five minutes from the Metro Denfert Rochereau and the train station Montparnasse, in the middle of the 14th arrondissement near to the beautiful franch tipical street	At five minutes from the Subway Denfert Rochereau and Montparnasse, this charming flat near to the french tipically quarter of the Daguerre street will be perfect to visit Paris. For 2 people (Double Bed) or 4 ( At only five minutes from the Metro Denfert Rochereau and the train station Montparnasse, in the middle of the 14th arrondissement near to the beautiful franch tipical street Guests will access to the Home Cinema, the piano, the trumpet, all our vynils and our books
25465	Notre appartement comporte une chambre indépendante avec un lit double et dans la pièce de vie, un canapé convertible (soit 4 couchages). La salle de bain (douche et toilettes) est équipée d'une machine à laver, dont vous pourrez vous servir ! Dans la pièce de vie, vous avez une TV avec une Wii (et plusieurs jeux), ainsi qu'une imprimante (qui pourra vous servir à imprimer vos billets d’entrée coupe-file pour les expos et musées), ainsi qu'une table demi-lune pour vos repas.  Et coté cuisine, vous avez un frigo, un congélateur pour vos glaces, un four, un micro-ondes et cafetière Nespresso. Nous disposons aussi d'un ventilateur (indispensable lors grosses chaleurs parisiennes). L'immeuble est calme, sécurisé par un double digicode à l’entrée, et notre appartement est bien isolé phoniquement des voisins et du bruit de la rue (3eme étage avec ascenseur). LE VRAI PLUS : un balcon aménagé et décoré, ensoleille le matin, à vous le p'tit déj en extérieur ! Our apartment has a separate bedroo	Petit appart' parisien facile d’accès à partir des 2 aéroports & plusieurs gares, lumineux, avec un balcon & une grande pièce à vivre Little Parisian apartment easy access from both airports & train stations, bright, with a balcony & large main room Notre appartement comporte une chambre indépendante avec un lit double et dans la pièce de vie, un canapé convertible (soit 4 couchages). La salle de bain (douche et toilettes) est équipée d'une machine à laver, dont vous pourrez vous servir ! Dans la pièce de vie, vous avez une TV avec une Wii (et plusieurs jeux), ainsi qu'une imprimante (qui pourra vous servir à imprimer vos billets d’entrée coupe-file pour les expos et musées), ainsi qu'une table demi-lune pour vos repas.  Et coté cuisine, vous avez un frigo, un congélateur pour vos glaces, un four, un micro-ondes et cafetière Nespresso. Nous disposons aussi d'un ventilateur (indispensable lors grosses chaleurs parisiennes). L'immeuble est calme, sécurisé par un double digicode à l’entré
25466	Very nice 2 bedroom apartment on the 1st floor of an art deco building. The apartment is very clear. A beautiful lounge with fully equipped kitchen (Dishwasher - Oven - Washer). You can accommodate 4, the room has a large round bed, plus a sofa bed with a real mattress (Simmons) will greet you in the lounge. Close to all amenities, supermarket, shops, bars, restaurants.	Beautiful renovated apartment, fully furnished next to Montparnasse, the Parc des Expositions at Porte de Versailles, chips Vanves. It can accommodate up to 4 people. Very nice 2 bedroom apartment on the 1st floor of an art deco building. The apartment is very clear. A beautiful lounge with fully equipped kitchen (Dishwasher - Oven - Washer). You can accommodate 4, the room has a large round bed, plus a sofa bed with a real mattress (Simmons) will greet you in the lounge. Close to all amenities, supermarket, shops, bars, restaurants. You will have access to Wifi. Every Thursday morning and Sunday morning a large fresh produce market is a 5 minute walk. For fans of flea markets, the famous flea market of Vanves is a 5 min walk (Every Saturday morning and Sunday morning). Furthermore, it is 20 minutes walk from Montparnasse and its many theaters (Bobino. Théâtre Montparnasse, Left Bank Theatre, Comedy Theatre Italian, Edgar Theatre, Grand Theatre Point Virgule ...) The apartment is 3 tra
25467	Logement équipé grand confort: Frigo + Congélateur Lave Linge Sèche Linge Lave Vaisselle Fer à repasser + Planche Barbecue Four Micro ondes TV Grand Ecran + Console de jeu Matelas Grand confort	Bienvenue à PARIS! Proche des Métro 13 et 4, également situé à 15 minutes de la gare Montparnasse ou encore de l'arrêt de bus vers l'aéroport d'Orly, vous vous sentirez chez vous dans notre appartement équipé au complet! Contactez moi ! :) Logement équipé grand confort: Frigo + Congélateur Lave Linge Sèche Linge Lave Vaisselle Fer à repasser + Planche Barbecue Four Micro ondes TV Grand Ecran + Console de jeu Matelas Grand confort Tous les ustensiles de cuisine + condiments (huile, sel, poivre, ketchup...) Shampoing + Gel douche Serviettes si demandées Lave Linge + Liquide de lavage Cela dépendra de nos convives! Vous souhaitez être tranquilles, nous saurons être discrets ou absents. Vous souhaitez sortir avec nous, on se fera une joie d'aller boire un verre ensemble! Quartier avec tout ce qu'il faut à proximité! Superette, restaurants, fast food, coiffeur ? Tout y est! Bus, Métro
25468		Pernety. A deux pas du métro et des commerces, superbe appartement 2 pièces, comprend entrée, séjour, cuisine aménagée, salle d'eau, WC, chambre au calme. Résidence de bon standing avec gardien calme et bien entretenu. Équiper d'Internet et du wifi depuis le (phone number hidden).
25469	Mon studio est composé d'une salle de bain avec WC, baignoire et machine a laver, d'une kitchenette, d'un lit double mezzanine et d'un lit canapé double tout confort et d'un petit balcon donnant sur une rue piétonne	Je loue pour certains week-end mon studio qui se situe au plein coeur d'Alésia dans le 14ème arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement donne sur une rue piétonne. Studio idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfants souhaitant visiter Paris. Mon studio est composé d'une salle de bain avec WC, baignoire et machine a laver, d'une kitchenette, d'un lit double mezzanine et d'un lit canapé double tout confort et d'un petit balcon donnant sur une rue piétonne Facile d'accès, la ligne 4 métro Alésia se situe à 300 m la ligne 13 métro Plaisance se situe à 7 min à pied. Je pars régulièrement à Lyon certains week-end, je laisse donc mon appartement à disposition.  Selon votre heure d'arrivée et de départ le gardien de l'immeuble vous confiera les clefs.
25470	"The Observatoire features a living area, a kitchenette, a queen-size bed, and a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 22 m2  Ground Floor  Minimum Stay : 2 nuits  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access IPod/IPhone docking station Digital Television"	"Studio apartment neighboring the Luxembourg Gardens, in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, situated between the gardens of the Observatoire and the Cartier Foundation, two steps from Boulevard du Montparnasse and the Pantheon... The Observatoire features a living area, a kitchenette, a queen-size bed, and a bathroom with basin, shower and toilet. Apartment : 22 m2  Ground Floor  Minimum Stay : 2 nuits  2 guests  Check-in : From 4.00 p.m  Check-out : Before noon In our ""chambres en ville"", in the charming Paris, you will benefit from in-room services and amenities like in a hotel: Housekeeping service Bath amenities  Sheets  Towels  Bathrobes  Hairdryer Kettle  Nespresso coffee maker  Micro-wave  Fridge Free wireless Internet access IPod/IPhone docking station Digital Television Studio apartment neighboring the Luxembourg Gardens, in the heart of the 6th arrondissement of Paris, situated between the gardens of the Observatoire and the Cartier Foundation, two steps from Boulev"
25471	Lappartement est situé à  5-10 mn à pied de la Gare Montparnasse 10 mn en bus Jardin Luxembourg / St Germain des Pres 15 mn en Metro des Champs Elysées 20 min en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly 20 min en metro de la Porte de Versailles	If you want to spend a week end or a couple of days in Paris, drop me a message,  I'll answer to you as soon as I get it ! Bienvenue à Paris :) Lappartement est situé à  5-10 mn à pied de la Gare Montparnasse 10 mn en bus Jardin Luxembourg / St Germain des Pres 15 mn en Metro des Champs Elysées 20 min en bus de l'aéroport d'Orly 20 min en metro de la Porte de Versailles Nhesitez pas à télécharger lapplication et à  commander un UBER en arrivant à la Gare de Lyon / Austerlitz ou à l'aéroport, avec le Code 3p0mg vous bénéficierez de 10€ de réduction !
25472	" You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse.  The simple room can be with a single bed or a double bed. The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence.  In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations.  All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join.  The neighborhood is secure and quiet  The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower.  You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin  du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes.  You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.     In summer  it is possible to  have one  family because there are other rooms available. It perfect for a last minute or for a short touristic trip. The apartment is a perfect place to visit Paris.   I am waiting  for you!"	"ou will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse.  The simple room can be with a single bed or a double bed. The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence.  In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurant  You will be in a really lively and parisian area: Montparnasse.  The simple room can be with a single bed or a double bed. The flat is simple and casual situated in a modern residence.  In the old Montparnasse, you'll find a lot of shops, restaurants, cafés, metro and bus stations.  All the nice or touristic areas are easy to join.  The neighborhood is secure and quiet  The next metro station is really close to the flat. The stop is ""Pernety"" and you have to take the metro number 13. From the flat you are in max 30 min with the metro to the Louvre or to the Eifel Tower.  You can also take a nice walk and be in the beautiful ""Jardin  du Luxembourg"" in 30 minutes.  You will join in 5 min the ""air France"" shuttle bus to go to the airport.     "
25473	2 minutes from the metro, serene building with guards and security code on the 1st floor with elevator in the courtyard garden. Armored door. 	2 minutes from the metro, serene building with guards and security code on the 1st floor with elevator in the courtyard garden. Armored door. 3D TV, iPod docking station, Internet (wi-fi), laptop available. Washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, oven, fridge-freezer bag, ceramic hob. Bath walk in shower, small dressing room, plenty of storage. Calm, comfort and safety. Shopping district with good restaurants, cinemas, cafes, etc.. Alesia Metro (line 4). Several bus routes, the 28, the 38, the 58, the 62 and the 68. RER Roissy and Orly Bus to Denfert-Rochereau (2 metro stations) 
25474		Large and confortable flat in Paris (105 square meter) with a al
25475	Clarté, calme, vue exceptionnelle sur les toits de Paris, aménagement décontracté.	"au 6 ème étage asc.une petite chambre avec douche et lavabo, wc couloir intérieur, petite cuisine équipée, salle à manger, salon, + bureau avec internet, vue sur les toits, Tour Eiffel, Tour Montparnasse,etc puis chambre en  mezzanine avec s de bain  Clarté, calme, vue exceptionnelle sur les toits de Paris, aménagement décontracté. à l'ensemble de l'appartement, pas d'accès en niveau supérieur pour personnes à mobilité réduite ( chambre en mezzanine et salle de bains), accès par escalier intérieur (voir photos) Avec plaisir, dans la mesure de nos disponibilités respectives. En français, en anglais très simple, en allemand très simple. C'est le vrai coeur historique de Montparnasse, la rue Campagne-Première est riche de toute cette histoire. C'est dans cette rue que fut tournée l'ultime scène de ""A bout de souffle"" (Breathless) de Jean-Luc Godard, que vécurent Man Ray et le peintre Yves Klein ( dans l'immeuble même). CDG et ORLY : RER B Port-Royal ou Orly bus à Denfert-Rochereau. Gare M"
25476	Logement fonctionnel et cosy  - il s'agit d'un lit gigogne, se transformant en lit double 180*200 - salle de bains avec serviettes, chauffe-serviette, sèche cheveux à disposition - cuisine : plaques vitro céramique, four électrique, bouilloire, nombreux ustensiles de cuisine.  - connexion wifi disponible avec code Je serai là pour accueillir les voyageurs et répondre à toutes les questions sur leur séjour  : bons plans, bonnes adresses, restaurant, shopping, transports.  Je reste également disponible tout au long du séjour   Quartier très animé : restaurants, cafés, brasseries, commerçants.  Au pied de la rue Daguerre !  De l'aéroport CDG : RER B, bus air France De l'aéroport Orly : Orlybus, bus Air France  Lignes 4,6, RERB  Nombreux bus : (phone number hidden)	Logement fonctionnel et cosy 
25477	Welcome in my apartment based in the 14th district in Paris. You will easily find in this lively neighborhood, everything to restore yourself (very nice food market rue Daguerre, backhouses, supermarkets, restaurants and bars), to go for shopping, or to enjoy nature and fresh air at the Parc Montsouris. The place is very well served by public transport. / underground ligne 4 porte d’orléans / RER B cité universitaire / but also T3 tramway and many bus will allow you to reach easily and quickly tourist attractions of Paris. This duplex of 80 m2 is located on the ground floor. Upstairs 2 rooms. A fully equipped kitchen overlooking the living room and the private garden. A room of 19m2, very bright and spacious with a large bed and a storage space. And a bathroom / WC. In the basement with windows, a second bedroom with a large bed, and with a small (website hidden) + Internet / WIFI. Sheets and towels are provided. Machine washed is also available for those who wish. – the room price is 	Welcome in my apartment based in the 14th district in Paris. You will easily find in this lively neighborhood, everything to restore yourself (very nice food market rue Daguerre, backhouses, supermarkets, restaurants and bars), to go for shopping, or to enjoy nature and fresh air at the Parc Montsouris. The place is very well served by public transport. / underground ligne 4 porte d’orléans / RER B cité universitaire / but also T3 tramway and many bus will allow you to reach easily and quickly tourist attractions of Paris. This duplex of 80 m2 is located on the ground floor. Upstairs 2 rooms. A fully equipped kitchen overlooking the living room and the private garden. A room of 19m2, very bright and spacious with a large bed and a storage space. And a bathroom / WC. In the basement with windows, a second bedroom with a large bed, and with a small (website hidden) + Internet / WIFI. Sheets and towels are provided. Machine washed is also available for those who wish. – the room price is 
25478	Appartement au calme, idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Le métro se trouve à 2 minutes.	Appartement deux pièces à deux pas de Montparnasse dans un immeuble avec une belle cour très arborée. A deux pas du métro ligne 13, à 15 minutes des champs élysées et à 10 minutes à pieds de montparnasse. Appartement au calme, idéalement situé pour visiter Paris. Le métro se trouve à 2 minutes. Appartement libre d'accès. Animaux acceptés. Si vous avez besoin de conseils ou de ma présence ce sera avec un grand plaisir que je vous aiderai. Quartier très animé proche de tout commerces. Restaurants de qualité à proximité. Vous serez à 10 minutes à pied de montparnasse, quartier très sympa pour sortir ou faire du shopping. Vous avez la ligne 13 du métro (station Pernety) qui se trouve à 2 minutes à pied de l'appartement  La ligne 6 qui vous emmènera à la tour eiffel se trouve à deux stations de l'appartement (station montparnasse pour changer de ligne).  A Denfert-Rochereau vous avez le rer B qui vous accompagne directement à l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle. Ou l'Orly Bus pour aller à l'aéropo
25479	l'appartement a été entièrement rénové en 2014. Il se compose d'une chambre avec un lit en 160 et d'un salon-cuisine bien équipé	Appartement de 2 pièces rénové en 2014, proche de la gare Montparnasse. Il est très lumineux et dans une rue calme avec des commerces à proximité l'appartement a été entièrement rénové en 2014. Il se compose d'une chambre avec un lit en 160 et d'un salon-cuisine bien équipé vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement Je serai à votre disposition pour vous aider à connaître le quartier habitant dans cet appartement depuis plus d'un an. le quartier
25480	Charming 2 parts Ground floor, overlooking the flowery courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped , the living room has a desk , a wifi connection and what to prepare Turkish or Nespresso coffee. A library is also available in respect of the books. The sun is present from 14h to 17h , and the court can be used as terrace.	"Cosy one bedroom 35m2, 100 meters from metro Alesia, in a quiet street and its ideal rue Daguerre to go out. 10 minutes by bus from Saint- Germain des Pres, the Latin Quarter. Fully equipped, ideal for a couple or three , very welcoming ! Charming 2 parts Ground floor, overlooking the flowery courtyard. The kitchen is fully equipped , the living room has a desk , a wifi connection and what to prepare Turkish or Nespresso coffee. A library is also available in respect of the books. The sun is present from 14h to 17h , and the court can be used as terrace. By Metro: Line 4 at Station Alesia. From Airport: Very simple. RER B from Charles de Gaulle to Denfert-Rochereau (25mn) then line 4 to Alesia (3mn).  By Car: Very simple by the peripheric (Porte d'Orleans). I will be there during June.  Otherwise, my friend will welcome you. I have also a concierge Close to my flat I have:  - 1 mn: Bar, Restaurant, Very good french brasserie ""Le Zeyer"", very good bio bakery, carrefour and bio market, F"
25481	Ce studio-atelier d'artiste de 27 m2 est très lumineux, calme et fonctionnel. 	This completely renovated  and luminous  space can host two persons. In a quiet street and only a few minutes away from Porte d’Orléans, with nearby Underground and bus stations, Orlybus and tram, it is also very close to Porte de Vanves and Parc Montsouris. This very convivial and unusual place offers a well equipped kitchen with a bar for informal dining, and a large and comfortable bathroom.
25482		Appartement situé dans un quartier agréable et calme, proche de l'hypercentre parisien A deux pas des catacombes de Paris, du parc Montsouris, de la tour Montparnasse ainsi que la rue de la Gaité et ses Théâtres. La rue Daguerre et ces commerces.
25483	Logement 	Sunny and well furnished flat in Denfert Rochereau. 2 bedrooms with both double bed. Living room with HD flat tv and DVD. Fully furnished kitchen. Bath rooms and Wc separate. 
25484	Grand ¾ pièces de charme de 80m2, typiquement parisien, dans le 14e arrondissement de Paris : Cet appartement avec moulures, parquet, miroirs anciens…situé au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble donnant sur une petite rue calme, vous ravira, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous et comme de vrais Parisiens.  Idéal en famille ou entre amis avec ses 3 chambres et son grand salon, 6 personnes peuvent y loger aisément. Vous y trouverez : -Un grand salon/salle à manger donnant sur cour, avec coin canapé, bibliothèque, TV, DVD, WI FI  gratuit, téléphone gratuit vers de nombreux pays, table à manger… -Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon entièrement  équipée d’un four encastré, lave-vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, ustensiles et vaisselle -2 chambres, séparées par un rideau épais, chacune équipée d’un lit double (dont un escamotable), fenêtre sur rue calme, bureau et rangements et dont une accueille un piano. -Un couloir desservant  -– la salle de bain (avec baignoire,  évier, lave-linge, éte	Grand ¾ pièces de charme de 80m2, typiquement parisien, dans le 14e arrondissement de Paris : Cet appartement avec moulures, parquet, miroirs anciens…situé au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble donnant sur une petite rue calme, vous ravira, vous vous y sentirez comme chez vous et comme de vrais Parisiens.  Idéal en famille ou entre amis avec ses 3 chambres et son grand salon, 6 personnes peuvent y loger aisément. Vous y trouverez : -Un grand salon/salle à manger donnant sur cour, avec coin canapé, bibliothèque, TV, DVD, WI FI  gratuit, téléphone gratuit vers de nombreux pays, table à manger… -Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon entièrement  équipée d’un four encastré, lave-vaisselle, frigo et congélateur, ustensiles et vaisselle -2 chambres, séparées par un rideau épais, chacune équipée d’un lit double (dont un escamotable), fenêtre sur rue calme, bureau et rangements et dont une accueille un piano. -Un couloir desservant  -– la salle de bain (avec baignoire,  évier, lave-linge, éte
25485	Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the first floor. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (160*200),big LCD TV , Internet access, heater Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, washing machine (dryer function), dish washer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee ,sugar,... Bedroom : queen size bed , dressing, ironing board, iron, heater. (linens are provided) Bathroom: shower, water,hair dryer, closet (toilet paper provided), (towels are not provided)  	"Presentation of the apartment: It has modern furnishing with all that you could ever need for your stay: The apartment is on the first floor. Living-room / Kitchen: easily convertible couch (160*200),big LCD TV , Internet access, heater Kitchen: washer, fridge/freezer, cooking plates, microwave oven, washing machine (dryer function), dish washer, toaster, coffee machine, kettle, tea, coffee ,sugar,... Bedroom : queen size bed , dressing, ironing board, iron, heater. (linens are provided) Bathroom: shower, water,hair dryer, closet (toilet paper provided), (towels are not provided)   ok ok It is located in a charming and quiet district of "" Denfert Rochereau with a nice market and many shops and restaurants. It is ideally located to almost everywhere: - La tour Eiffel : 20 minutes by metro - Champs Elysées : 20 minutes by metro - Notre-Dame : 15 minutes by bus - And many more ! It's very simply to reach the apartment from Roissy airport,Orly airport and gre du Nord : - Roissy airport : 4"
25486		Un appartement calme et lumineux, au charme très parisien et situé dans un quartier particulièrement agréable: à proximité de nombreux commerces, de plusieurs lignes de métro et du très joli parc Montsouris. Un quartier authentique et vert où il fait bon vivre. A 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement se trouvent les lignes de métro 4 et 6, ainsi que le RER B et le terminus de l'orlybus. C'est optimal pour se rendre n'importe où à Paris et en banlieue. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 adultes et un jeune enfant. L'une des chambres est une chambre d'enfant avec un lit pour bébé de 120 cm sur 60cm. Il y a une chambre avec un lit 2 places et dans le salon se trouve un canapé-lit de 2 places.
25487	Heart of Montparnasse Duplex 5th end 6th floor, lift. Living Room, kitchen with bar. Upstairs : bedroom (2 persons, one bed). One bathroom (shower). All shops (including meat, fruits, fish) in the street 3 subway lines L4, L12, L6	Heart of Montparnasse Duplex 5th end 6th floor, lift. Living Room, kitchen with bar. Upstairs : bedroom (2 persons, one bed). One bathroom (shower). All shops (including meat, fruits, fish) in the street 3 subway lines L4, L12, L6
25488	This duplex apartment is almost 100m2, with windows overlooking a very quiet courtyard. Shops and international restaurants are around the corner, transport (metro 4 & 13, T3 tram, bus 62) nearby. Non-smoking flat, with possibility to smoke -and even have a drink - in the courtyard. 2 bedrooms (1 double bed and a child bed) and an office / guest bedroom (double bed). Bathroom / WC on the first floor and WC and dining room (with sofa flyer 2 places) upstairs, kitchen and toilets.	Lovely houselike Duplex  (1st/2nd floor) with calm courtyard. Near shops, restaurants and transport network. Very close to Montparnasse station (20min walk) and Orly bus, 15min walk from Daguerre district and Catacombs, direct line to Champs Elysees This duplex apartment is almost 100m2, with windows overlooking a very quiet courtyard. Shops and international restaurants are around the corner, transport (metro 4 & 13, T3 tram, bus 62) nearby. Non-smoking flat, with possibility to smoke -and even have a drink - in the courtyard. 2 bedrooms (1 double bed and a child bed) and an office / guest bedroom (double bed). Bathroom / WC on the first floor and WC and dining room (with sofa flyer 2 places) upstairs, kitchen and toilets.
25489	Cet appartement très charmant et entièrement refait récemment, est  situé au rez de chaussée de l'Hôtel de la Gaité en face de la gare Montparnasse. Vous disposez d'une chambre avec un grand lit très confortable ainsi que d'un canapé lit doté d'un vrai matelas pour deux personnes.  Vous disposez d'une climatisation réversible et de 2 LCD, également d'un chauffage central, d'une connexion internet gratuite et d'une cuisine tout équipée avec vaisselle, micro ondes, lave linge et plaques chauffantes avec hotte. La salle de douche est équipée de deux lavabos et d'un toilette. Un séchoir à cheveux mural est aussi à votre disposition. Nous mettons à votre disposition des serviettes, et le ménage quotidien vous est OFFERT. This apartment very charming and fully renovated fresh and KD, is located on the ground floor of the Hotel de la Gaite front of the Montparnasse gare station. You have a room with a comfortable king size bed and a sofa bed with a real mattress for two people. You have an ai	Covering an area of 50 m², the apartment consists of: a living room with 1 double sofa bed, a separate bedroom with 1 double bed, a fully equipped kitchen (hob, hood, microwave, refrigerator, washing machine)
25490		This nice studio can fit 2 persons. There is a small but practical kitchen, a double bed that you can pull up during the day and a nice bathroom with shower and toilets! Nice&safe neightborhood. Metro near by: Lines 4,6, RER B
25491		Sous location d'une chambre meublée de 11 à 12 m2,  pour jeune de moins de 30 ans (autorisée par le bailleur) dans le 14ème arrondissement métro Alesia en tout confort avec internet. 
25492	L'appartement est petit et ne possède pas de salon mais il est idéalement situé dans un quartier sécurisant et chaleureux. Il est également très bien desservi par les transports en communs (métro, bus, train). Il y a également a proximité, des lieux touristiques. 	Agréable et petit appartement en coloc dans un quartier convivial et plein de charme. L'appartement possède deux chambres, une cuisine et une salle de bain + Internet.  L'endroit est extrêmement bien desservi : RER B + métro 4 et 6 + bus à 5' L'appartement est petit et ne possède pas de salon mais il est idéalement situé dans un quartier sécurisant et chaleureux. Il est également très bien desservi par les transports en communs (métro, bus, train). Il y a également a proximité, des lieux touristiques. Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine, la salle de bain. Nous essaierons ma colocataire ou moi même de nous rendre le plus disponible possible pour accueillir les voyageurs. C'est un quartier très vivant où on peut trouver une multitude de restaurants, de bar... Mais la rue dans laquelle nous habitons est très calme et sécurisante. Métro Denfert Rochereau, Lignes 4 et 6, RER B, orly bus, gare Montparnasse...
25493	You are looking for a perfect location in Rive Gauche Paris ? Rent my flat ! Nice, spacious, quiet , sunny, 77M2 apartment located near Montparnasse ! You can be four adults, all the necessary given the size and comfort of the apartment. You have everything you need for a perfect stay : from breakfast of morning to real coffee before bed !	You are looking for a perfect flat in Paris? Rent my nice 77M2 apartment near Montparnasse. Comfort, lift, ultra modern kitchen fully equipped, dressing, wifi, TV in living room and bedroom, sofa in living room for 2 additional people. RER Airports. You are looking for a perfect location in Rive Gauche Paris ? Rent my flat ! Nice, spacious, quiet , sunny, 77M2 apartment located near Montparnasse ! You can be four adults, all the necessary given the size and comfort of the apartment. You have everything you need for a perfect stay : from breakfast of morning to real coffee before bed ! Guests have Chromcast, WiFi, 2 TVs, washing machines and dishwashing machine,hair dryer, oven, microwave, 4 hot plates, toaster, fridge, freezer, everything for breakfast (coffee, tea, milk, bread, butter, jam, fruit juice) in a word everything a modern kitchen equipped. I can be reached by email and smartphone for advice. I will welcome you personally. In the center of la Rive Gauche, 5 minutes from rue 
25494	Charmant appartement traversant de 30 m2 pouvant accueillir 2 personnes (un lit 2 places). Idéalement situé au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien avec un petit ascenseur. Parquet au sol et vue dégagée, il est tout prêt de toutes commodités (supermarché, boulangerie, pharmacies, cafés, restaurant…). Appartement bien agencé avec côté rue : - le salon (wifi, canapé-lit), - une cuisine américaine (2 plaques électriques, four, frigo, micro-onde, machine à laver, cafetière à dosette). Côté cour : - la chambre, (1 lit double),  - la salle de bain (lavabo/miroir, wc et douche). L'ensemble est lumineux, orienté Sud-Ouest pour la chambre et Nord Est pour le salon.  Non loin des transports en commun, vous serez en 15 minutes dans l'hyper centre (Châtelet, le Marais), à 20 minutes de la Tour Eiffel, à 15 minutes de Notre-Dame, à 20 minutes des Galeries Lafayette, à 15 minutes à pieds du jardin du Luxembourg et du parc Montsouris, et à 25 minutes de l'aéroport d'Orly (Orlybus 	Ce deux-pièces au dernier étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien est tout confort et idéalement situé : 2 min du RER Denfer Rochereau et du terminus de l'Orlybus et au pied du métro Saint Jacques (ligne 6) !!! N'hésitez plus ! Charmant appartement traversant de 30 m2 pouvant accueillir 2 personnes (un lit 2 places). Idéalement situé au 6ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien avec un petit ascenseur. Parquet au sol et vue dégagée, il est tout prêt de toutes commodités (supermarché, boulangerie, pharmacies, cafés, restaurant…). Appartement bien agencé avec côté rue : - le salon (wifi, canapé-lit), - une cuisine américaine (2 plaques électriques, four, frigo, micro-onde, machine à laver, cafetière à dosette). Côté cour : - la chambre, (1 lit double),  - la salle de bain (lavabo/miroir, wc et douche). L'ensemble est lumineux, orienté Sud-Ouest pour la chambre et Nord Est pour le salon.  Non loin des transports en commun, vous serez en 15 minutes dans l'hyper centre (Chât
25495	Kathie, Arthur and Thibault (and Théophile, our mascotte - a bear - ) we are pleased to welcome you in our home. It is a typical, lovely, Parisian apartment with wood floors and molding on walls.  We are three international students, users of Airbnb as customers. We will offer you a nice and welcoming experience of Paris, with tips and advices if you need it. It is a shared apartment with us so you will be part of our family for one (magical/great/unforgettable/amazing/life changing/awesome) moment, but we will respect your privacy.  The room is a nice room, sunny, with a lot of closets and a wonderful desk.  The bed is new and everything is, of course, clean and comfy !	Nice and sunny room in a quiet and really nice neighborhood, with a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. Really easy to access, Ligne 4 and 13 We are really happy to welcome you in our apartment. Kathie, Arthur and Thibault (and Théophile, our mascotte - a bear - ) we are pleased to welcome you in our home. It is a typical, lovely, Parisian apartment with wood floors and molding on walls.  We are three international students, users of Airbnb as customers. We will offer you a nice and welcoming experience of Paris, with tips and advices if you need it. It is a shared apartment with us so you will be part of our family for one (magical/great/unforgettable/amazing/life changing/awesome) moment, but we will respect your privacy.  The room is a nice room, sunny, with a lot of closets and a wonderful desk.  The bed is new and everything is, of course, clean and comfy ! Room(s), kitchen (equipped but without dishwasher), bathroom (shower). A place to lock luggages and bikes. Big fans of our ne
25496	"Charmant Studio à Paris, 14éme Arrondissement, Quartier ""Porte d'Orléans / Alésia "" Immeuble de standing avec gardien et digicode Exposé EST avec Balcon, 6éme étage sur 9, avec ascenseur. Vue dégagée Une entrée Une salle de bain avec WC, baignoire et machine à laver Une cuisine tout équipée Un salon avec TV, Internet Wifi, et un coin chambre avec lit double de 140cm Agréable quartier au pied de métro (ligne 4), nombreuses commodités au coin de la rue (supermarché, boulangerie, café, presse...) cinéma et restaurant accessible à 5 min à pied. "	"Charmant Studio à Paris, 14éme Arrondissement, Quartier ""Porte d'Orléans / Alésia "" Immeuble de standing avec gardien et digicode Exposé EST avec Balcon, 6éme étage sur 9, avec ascenseur. Vue dégagée Une entrée Une salle de bain avec WC, baignoire et machine à laver Une cuisine tout équipée Un salon avec TV, Internet Wifi, et un coin chambre avec lit double de 140cm Agréable quartier au pied de métro (ligne 4), nombreuses commodités au coin de la rue (supermarché, boulangerie, café, presse...) cinéma et restaurant accessible à 5 min à pied. "
25497		Logement Paris centre 14eme arrondissement, animation a proximité, ensoleillé et très aéré.
25498	* Proche Montparnasse et très bien desservie 24h/24h par métro/bus/rer/noctilien * 	* Calme - Proximité - Idéal jeune * Studio idéalement placé au rez de chaussée sur cour d'un petit immeuble calme.  A 15minutes des champs-Elysées en métro. Proximité d'une rue commerçante et à 10min à pied de Montparnasse et de Denfert Rochereau * Proche Montparnasse et très bien desservie 24h/24h par métro/bus/rer/noctilien *  Ustensile de bases pour la cuisine, cafetière, bouilloire, épices de bases etc... Présent à l'arrivée et au départ des voyageurs. Quartier calme mais très bien desservi pour se déplacer /visiter Paris ! A 15minutes des champs-Elysées en métro. A 10 minutes à pied des Catacombes de Paris. Proche Odeon (20min en métro/bus) et Montparnasse. Très facile d'accès : à 5 - 10minutes des métros 13 (Gaité), 4/6/12 (Montparnasse), du RER B (Denfert Rochereau) et nombreux bus. Attention l'appartement est petit - 16m2 -, pour des locations a 4, il convient surtout comme appoint pour dormir ! Par conséquent l'appartement convient vraiment peu aux familles avec des petits enf
25499		Lovely studio 20m2 perfect for young travellers who want to be in the center of Paris. Near the metro station Denfert Rocherau and Montparnasse . Located in a quiet and beautiful neighbourhood
