30000	appartement situé au coeur de Paris dans une rue calme.Entierement équipé pour deux personnes tv ecran plat,canapé non convertible. internet  CD . DVD . Machines à laver le linge et vaisselle , sèche cheveux , fer à repasser, produits ménagers , , machines à café électrique classique et nespresso , bouilloire. Cafe , capsules , thé . Premier petit déjeuner offert ainsi qu une bouteille de vin Français en cadeau de bienvenu .  Proche  à pieds des principaux centres d interet parisiens , seine,  theatres, musées ( louvre, beaubourg ...) opéra, grands magasins.  Une situation idéale pour découvrir Paris . 	appartement situé au coeur de Paris dans une rue calme.Entierement équipé pour deux personnes tv ecran plat,canapé non convertible. internet  CD . DVD . Machines à laver le linge et vaisselle , sèche cheveux , fer à repasser, produits ménagers , , machines à café électrique classique et nespresso , bouilloire. Cafe , capsules , thé . Premier petit déjeuner offert ainsi qu une bouteille de vin Français en cadeau de bienvenu .  Proche  à pieds des principaux centres d interet parisiens , seine,  theatres, musées ( louvre, beaubourg ...) opéra, grands magasins.  Une situation idéale pour découvrir Paris .  l appartement en entier est a  votre disposition. Direct aéroport en transports en commun . A 2mn du métro . A la disposition des voyageurs communiquer les informations sur Paris.  Accueil à l'arrivée et disponible pendant le séjour ( telephone portable, physiquement a 15mn a pied de l appartement.) le calme de la rue tout en étant proche de toutes les animations. rue montorgueil avec s
30001	A lovely typically parisian appartment just near the Montorgueil District and La Place des Victoires with its restaurants, bars and french fashion boutiques. The perfect place to go out at night and to go shopping. It's also at just 15 minutes walking from famous places as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Le Palais Royal, Centre Pompidou, Opera and department store Galeries Lafayette. The flat is calm and well equiped (internet Wifi ,micro wave, nespresso machine, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine)...1 bedroom  with a brand new double bed and one large sofa bed in the living.  It's on the third floor and there is a lift. A baby bed is also available and we provide towel and linen.  Metro lines: Line 3 at 3 minutes, (Bourse ou Sentier), Line (email hidden) Line A (direct to St Germain en Laye and Disneyland Paris) at 7mn Line B (direct to CDG and Orly (email hidden) (les Halles) 	A lovely typically parisian appartment just near the Montorgueil District and La Place des Victoires with its restaurants, bars and french fashion boutiques. The perfect place to go out at night and to go shopping. It's also at just 15 minutes walking from famous places as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Le Palais Royal, Centre Pompidou, Opera and department store Galeries Lafayette. The flat is calm and well equiped (internet Wifi ,micro wave, nespresso machine, oven, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine)...1 bedroom  with a brand new double bed and one large sofa bed in the living.  It's on the third floor and there is a lift. A baby bed is also available and we provide towel and linen.  Metro lines: Line 3 at 3 minutes, (Bourse ou Sentier), Line (email hidden) Line A (direct to St Germain en Laye and Disneyland Paris) at 7mn Line B (direct to CDG and Orly (email hidden) (les Halles) 
30002	This is a gorgeous and functional space, 25m2 very tastefully decorated.  Located on a second floor of a very traditional building without elevator.	This Studio is a great choice for a couple to enjoy a romantic stay in the City of Lights or a single person who comes to work and play. This is a gorgeous and functional space, 25m2 very tastefully decorated.  Located on a second floor of a very traditional building without elevator. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your passport is required at check in. Amazing location, just minutes away from the fantastic walk 
30003	If you are looking for a fashionable top floor apartment on the 6th European floor (7th US) with an elevator, on a lively street (but quite flat) in the center of Paris, this is the place for you. A combination of contemporary style mixed with typical Parisian basics, this apartment offers all of Paris just outside your doorstep. It’s the tops! You're located near the bustling rue Montorgueil market street which is full of small shops, cafes, restaurants, bakeries......everything you could need!  Stop by and enjoy the fresh fruits, meats, cheeses, flowers and bakeries in this village like atmosphere.  You can eat out or bring back some fresh food up to the apartment to the apartment for  dining in and enjoy in the comfort of your apartment.  This cozy 60 m2 (about 642 ft2) top floor apartment is located in an 18th century building in the heart of Paris and is reminiscent of a mountain top updated A-Frame. The owner has kept its original wooden ceiling beams, sloping walls, and windows 	"Spacious family and friendly apartment perfectly located in lively Montorgueil area, in the heart of the spectacular ""City of Lights"" ... Paris at his feet and with ease. If you are looking for a fashionable top floor apartment on the 6th European floor (7th US) with an elevator, on a lively street (but quite flat) in the center of Paris, this is the place for you. A combination of contemporary style mixed with typical Parisian basics, this apartment offers all of Paris just outside your doorstep. It’s the tops! You're located near the bustling rue Montorgueil market street which is full of small shops, cafes, restaurants, bakeries......everything you could need!  Stop by and enjoy the fresh fruits, meats, cheeses, flowers and bakeries in this village like atmosphere.  You can eat out or bring back some fresh food up to the apartment to the apartment for  dining in and enjoy in the comfort of your apartment.  This cozy 60 m2 (about 642 ft2) top floor apartment is located in an 18th cen"
30004		3.5 m high ceilings, exposed beams, windows in all rooms, old building, the Paris apartment as you probably imagine it! 3rd floor in a very quiet street in the heart Paris you will be extremely close to t
30005	Dans un immeuble calme, au-dessus d'un passage classé (passage des Panoramas, Passage Saint-Marc).  	L'appartement est très lumineux donnant sur une verrière sans vis-à-vis et très calme.  Grande chambre lumineuse, confort avec un grand lit double, petit coin lecture et télévision. Salle de bain partagée avec les hôtes (double vasque, baignoire) WC Dans un immeuble calme, au-dessus d'un passage classé (passage des Panoramas, Passage Saint-Marc). Salon / Salle à manger TV en commun avec les Hôtes WC PRIVATIF pour la Chambre Table d'hôte: sur demande  2 Formules de Petit-déjeuner    Parisien  ou Brunch L'appartement se trouve dans une petite copropriété, au 2 Etage sans ascenseur.  Passage fermé sécurisé après 22h30 Idéalement situé: Opéra, Grands Magasins ..... Théâtres, Gare st Lazare tout à côté, 4 lignes de Métro, RER A & B, nombreux Bus, jardin des Tuileries à 10 min, Louvre....... 4 lignes de Métro     ligne 9 & 8 en bas de l'immeuble Grands Boulevard   RER A & B  Bus (phone number hidden)........
30006	Fully equiped 2 rooms flat, third floor, elevetor. Vey close to Place des Victoires, Palais Royal, Louvre Museum. 6 metro stations and trains in the close vicinity. Fashion district, department stores, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, theaters, opera house, next to pedestrian zone Montorgueil and Montmartre, all types of restaurants. Fully furrnished flat, sheets,towels, table wares, cookking, dishwasher, washing machine, tv set, internet. Lessors living next door and may advise for a success full journey...	Fully equiped 2 rooms flat, third floor, elevetor. Vey close to Place des Victoires, Palais Royal, Louvre Museum. 6 metro stations and trains in the close vicinity. Fashion district, department stores, Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, theaters, opera house, next to pedestrian zone Montorgueil and Montmartre, all types of restaurants. Fully furrnished flat, sheets,towels, table wares, cookking, dishwasher, washing machine, tv set, internet. Lessors living next door and may advise for a success full journey...
30007	Charming studio equipped, quiet, it can accommodate two people in the neighborhood Clery. Our studio situated in the heart of Paris ( 2st arrondissement) between Réaumur Street and boulevard Saint-Martin.  At 15 minutes walk from the center and very well connected you can recharge it after a long day of work or sightseeing. The studio has recently been refurbished and it comprises a sofa ( double bed ), a fully equipped kitchenette, no dishwasher, small bathroom with shower, basin and toilet.  Our studio is a cosy and comfortable home to come back to after your strolls in Paris and best of all is the location!  All the monuments are walking distance, the Louvre is literally down the road. Metro stations Louvre-Palais Royal and Pyramides are a 15 minute walk, plenty of buses, vélib around the corner. We are surrounded by lively restaurants, too many to mention here…	Nice apartment in the center of Paris, on the 2nd floor  of a typical Parisian building of XIX century. It's composed of 1 bed room, 1 separated kitchen, 1 bathroom and toilet. Near shops, restaurants and bars, you will be in the hearth of Latin Quarter, closer of Metro Bonne Nouvelle line 9 or 8 and Sentier line 3. 15 minutes walking to Louvre. Charming studio equipped, quiet, it can accommodate two people in the neighborhood Clery. Our studio situated in the heart of Paris ( 2st arrondissement) between Réaumur Street and boulevard Saint-Martin.  At 15 minutes walk from the center and very well connected you can recharge it after a long day of work or sightseeing. The studio has recently been refurbished and it comprises a sofa ( double bed ), a fully equipped kitchenette, no dishwasher, small bathroom with shower, basin and toilet.  Our studio is a cosy and comfortable home to come back to after your strolls in Paris and best of all is the location!  All the monuments are walking dis
30008	Apartment in the contemporary, very functional design. A room(chamber) with a big bed, a bathroom with bathtub of angle, cooks very well equipped, stick inductions, oven, microwave, barkeeper(coffeepot) Nespresso, washes dishes(crockery) and washing machine. The apartment is near the place(square) of the stock exchange(grant) and gives onto court(course,price,yard), what means that there is no noise pollution it is quiet and pleasant for a good rest between 2 visits of site. The district is just a step from the Palais Royal and from the Louvre, the street Feydeau is between the street Vivienne and the Street Brogue shoe. There is a Gallery Vivienne where is Jean-Paul Gauthier's shop as well as of other one creators. By restoring there is at the foot of the apartment inescapable(major) Brasserie(Brewery) a Light comedy and in 300m the Restaurant Grand Colbert. Situated at the foot of the apartment	Little apartment. Close Rue Vivienne, Palais Royal, Louvre. 3 subway stop close Stop Bourse/ Ligne 3 or Grand-Boulevard/ Ligne 8 or Louvre Palais Royal/ Ligne 1 (15min à pied). Restaurant or Market just down the building Apartment in the contemporary, very functional design. A room(chamber) with a big bed, a bathroom with bathtub of angle, cooks very well equipped, stick inductions, oven, microwave, barkeeper(coffeepot) Nespresso, washes dishes(crockery) and washing machine. The apartment is near the place(square) of the stock exchange(grant) and gives onto court(course,price,yard), what means that there is no noise pollution it is quiet and pleasant for a good rest between 2 visits of site. The district is just a step from the Palais Royal and from the Louvre, the street Feydeau is between the street Vivienne and the Street Brogue shoe. There is a Gallery Vivienne where is Jean-Paul Gauthier's shop as well as of other one creators. By restoring there is at the foot of the apartment in
30009	"My room is a perfect option for travelers who want to be in the center of paris, next to Pompidou Museum and charming neighborhoods as the Marais and Quartier Montorgueil.  It is a single room in a full renovated appartement.  The room is perfect for one person. It has privacy and views to the typical french ""cour"". Even if is a first floor has a lot of light, and in the night there is no noise, so you can have a perfect sleep.  "	"My room is a perfect option for travelers who want to be in the center of paris, next to Pompidou Museum and charming neighborhoods as the Marais and Quartier Montorgueil.  It is a single room in a full renovated appartement.  My room is a perfect option for travelers who want to be in the center of paris, next to Pompidou Museum and charming neighborhoods as the Marais and Quartier Montorgueil.  It is a single room in a full renovated appartement.  The room is perfect for one person. It has privacy and views to the typical french ""cour"". Even if is a first floor has a lot of light, and in the night there is no noise, so you can have a perfect sleep.  As my guest, you can use a full equipped kitchen, with all the commodities, the bathroom, and also a charming place to eat and have breackfast. Of course, you have acces to internet with WIFI conection.  The Rue Saint Denis is the oldest street in Paris, and it goes directly to the Seine. It is very animated street, full of restaurants an"
30010	"Hello, We rent this apartment of 110 square meters located at the metro ""Bonne Nouvelle"" in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. I created my own account instead of using my brother's, so all previous comments can be seen there : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/988799?preview. This apartment is located on the top floor of an old building recently restored. It offers oak flooring, a marble fireplace and exposed beams. It includes: - A large living / dining room with fully equipped open kitchen. - A large bedroom with bathroom (washbasin + bathtub + toilet) attached. - A bedroom with two single beds which can be assembled. - To the floor, a bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom (washbasin + bath + wc) attached. This apartment has a triple exposure, north, south and west. The kitchen is equipped with: - Cooking station with gas hob. - Electric multifunction oven. - Microwave. - Large fridge / freezer. - Dishwasher. You have a washer-dryer and a hairdryer. Ideally located on the ""Grands Bouleva"	"Hello, We rent this apartment of 110 square meters located at the metro ""Bonne Nouvelle"" in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. I created my own account instead of using my brother's, so all previous comments can be seen there : https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/988799?preview. This apartment is located on the top floor of an old building recently restored. It offers oak flooring, a marble fireplace and exposed beams. It includes: - A large living / dining room with fully equipped open kitchen. - A large bedroom with bathroom (washbasin + bathtub + toilet) attached. - A bedroom with two single beds which can be assembled. - To the floor, a bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom (washbasin + bath + wc) attached. This apartment has a triple exposure, north, south and west. The kitchen is equipped with: - Cooking station with gas hob. - Electric multifunction oven. - Microwave. - Large fridge / freezer. - Dishwasher. You have a washer-dryer and a hairdryer. Ideally located on the ""Grands Bouleva"
30011		Plein coeur de Paris. appt 6ème étage (ascenseur jusqu'au 5ème) 75 m2.  1 sdb,wc indépendant,salon,coin repas, cuisine us, 3 chambres. proche grands magasins, Opéra, Tuileries. 1 ch disponible (2 lits 080 ou grd lit 1,60m)    hôtes sur place.
30012	Very nice place and good localisation to the centre of Paris	Nice flat, peaceful place, Kitchen area, Bathroom, toilet  Bedroom with tv, playstation, wi-fi. Close to métro, restaurants,pubs, Opera GARNIER, GREVIN and LOUVRE musueum, Printemps, Galery Lafayette....  Very nice place and good localisation to the centre of Paris You can use the metro 3 Bourse or 8 and 9 Grands boulevards
30013	Located on the 3rd floor, this flat has 1 bedroom with a really confortable bed for two,  1 bathrooms, the toilets are separated  and a sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. The apartment can welcome 4 persons.  It has a really huge living room, bright and soundproof. The large terrace will definitely charm you. Very close to the subway station, you can go everywhere by foot, especially Tuileries garden, Le Louvre museum,Beaubourg and Pompidou museum, Le Marais, Bastille, Republique, Notre Dame...  It also has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a microwaves, a cooker, a coffee machine, a tea kettle,a toaster, a flat iron and hot plates.. You will also be able to find multimedia devices like a TV with Cable HDMI, the Internet, the Wifi and Hifi . The bathroom is composed of a washbasin, Toilet, Hair dryer, Shower, towel rail. Also provided are the clean linens, pillow covers, towels, covers. I also furnish shampoo, shower gel, toilet paper. in short everything is pr	Really charming flat located in the very heart of Paris : Montorgueil. Fantastic neighborood is a pedestrian area, full of cafes, clothes, restaurants, bistrots.. Really central and lively. Amazing apartment with terrace. Accommodation for 4 ppl Located on the 3rd floor, this flat has 1 bedroom with a really confortable bed for two,  1 bathrooms, the toilets are separated  and a sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. The apartment can welcome 4 persons.  It has a really huge living room, bright and soundproof. The large terrace will definitely charm you. Very close to the subway station, you can go everywhere by foot, especially Tuileries garden, Le Louvre museum,Beaubourg and Pompidou museum, Le Marais, Bastille, Republique, Notre Dame...  It also has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a microwaves, a cooker, a coffee machine, a tea kettle,a toaster, a flat iron and hot plates.. You will also be able to find multimedia devices like a TV with Cable HDMI, the Interne
30014	Live as a Parisian in Paris. Our home is your home. As a Franco/Aussie couple, we lived in the apartment for 12 years, prior to  renting our French home to tourists from 2007 (ask us for pages - books of great reviews). Newly renovated architect designed,(Caroline Hentschel DPLG), 32 square metre apartment, plus 8 meter balcony, overlooking the Paris rooftops, right in the centre of Paris, in the new trendy local Rue Montorgueil area. It's easy to relax in our modern minimalistic light apartment, but still typically Parisian, with it's 18th century beams, which gives our (your) home a very cozy feeling.  You've got all modern conveniences, air conditioning (rare in Paris!!),  free highspeed internet (there is an Apple G4 computer for your use) / free WIFI, free international phone to contact home, free cable TV (including English speaking channels), DVD (all zones), MP3 port, etc (all listed below). A feature is our garden balcony, where it is lovely to sit out and overlook all the roo	Live as a local, with all international comforts, in an architect designed, 32 sq m apartment, plus 8m garden balcony, overlooking the Paris rooftops, smack bang in the centre of Paris, near trendy local hotspot Rue Montorgueil (a pedestrian street filled with cafes, restaurants and specialty food shops). Yum!! 10-15mins: Louvres, Georges Pompidou, Palais Royal, Marais. It's easy to relax in our modern minimalistic light apartment, but still typically Parisian, with it's 18th century beams. Live as a Parisian in Paris. Our home is your home. As a Franco/Aussie couple, we lived in the apartment for 12 years, prior to  renting our French home to tourists from 2007 (ask us for pages - books of great reviews). Newly renovated architect designed,(Caroline Hentschel DPLG), 32 square metre apartment, plus 8 meter balcony, overlooking the Paris rooftops, right in the centre of Paris, in the new trendy local Rue Montorgueil area. It's easy to relax in our modern minimalistic light apartment, bu
30015	"I have a very nice appartment in a building of the 16th century in a calm quarter of Paris (quarter name is ""Sentier"" in the 2nd arrondissement. The beautiful pedestrian  zone Montorgeuil is just next door with lots of bars, restaurants, fromageries etc. Also three supermarkets are 3 min from the appartment. "	"Appartement in the center of Paris in a quiet area and close to Rue Montorgueil, one of the most trendy district of the city.  I have a very nice appartment in a building of the 16th century in a calm quarter of Paris (quarter name is ""Sentier"" in the 2nd arrondissement. The beautiful pedestrian  zone Montorgeuil is just next door with lots of bars, restaurants, fromageries etc. Also three supermarkets are 3 min from the appartment.  You will have a very calm appartment on the last floor with internet, fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, internet, television, flat iron and ironing board, towels, bed linen for 4 sleeping places, etc.  When you are in my appartment I will not stay in the same building but just 5 min away at a friends. So you will always be able to contact me and I may quickly come around, but I won´t bother you with permanent presence. "
30016	Notre charmant studio, très lumineux et récemment rénové dans un bâtiment historique construit au XVII siècle, vous séduira.  Il est composée d'un canapé-lit double (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision écran plat avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'un accès internet en Wi-Fi haut débit.   La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes, un four et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement (machine à café, bouilloire, grille pain).  L'appartement se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode).	En plein cœur de Paris, studio à 1 minute à pied du métro 2 personnes, 20 m2, douche, toilette, cuisine 2 ème étage, tout équipé (Wi-Fi, TV, ...) Notre charmant studio, très lumineux et récemment rénové dans un bâtiment historique construit au XVII siècle, vous séduira.  Il est composée d'un canapé-lit double (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision écran plat avec plus de 300 chaines, ainsi qu'un accès internet en Wi-Fi haut débit.   La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes, un four et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement (machine à café, bouilloire, grille pain).  L'appartement se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). L'appartement entier est mis à disposition des voyageurs. Si vous avez la moindre question avant ou pendant votre séjour, je suis toujours disponible par mail, par téléphone, ou tout simplement par message Airbnb (je réponds en
30017	In a primary location (montorgueil / sentier trendy area), this modern 2 bedroom apartment offers 2 bedrooms each with double bed + a double sofa bed in the living room. Separate kitchen fully equiped, and a nice bathroom with a bathtub. Surface : 75m2	In a primary location (montorgueil / sentier trendy area), this modern 2 bedrooms apartment offers 2 bedrooms each with double bed + a double sofa bed in the living room. Separate kitchen fully equiped, and a nice bathroom with a bathtub. 75m2 In a primary location (montorgueil / sentier trendy area), this modern 2 bedroom apartment offers 2 bedrooms each with double bed + a double sofa bed in the living room. Separate kitchen fully equiped, and a nice bathroom with a bathtub. Surface : 75m2 Located montorgueil / sentier trendy area. Nice boutiques / cafes / shops around ... Metro Reaumur Sebastopol / Sentier
30018	Nous vous proposons un appartement en plein cœur de Paris.  Chambre avec lit double. Salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Toilette séparé. Cuisine tout équipée (four, lave vaisselle et machine à laver + produits ménagers). Salon avec canapé sofa et TV. WIFI dans tout l'appartement. Les serviettes et draps de lit sont inclus dans le prix de réservation.	Welcome! Nous vous proposons un appartement en plein cœur de Paris.  Chambre avec lit double. Salle de bain avec baignoire et douche. Toilette séparé. Cuisine tout équipée (four, lave vaisselle et machine à laver + produits ménagers). Salon avec canapé sofa et TV. WIFI dans tout l'appartement. Les serviettes et draps de lit sont inclus dans le prix de réservation. Check in gratuit entre 15h et 20h. En dehors de ces horaires, extra de 30€ à payer en cash à l'arrivée.  Le week end le check in est payant ( 40€ en cash )  Proche du musée du Louvre, de la Comédie Française et du parc des Tuileries.  Proche tout commerces, boutiques et restaurants. M1 Musée du Louvre M14 Pyramides
30019	Beautiful apartment 2 pieces(45 sq meters)(one living room with a sofa bed(size 130x200cm for 1 guest), one double room(with tv) bed size 140x190cm for 2 guests, one kitchen, one bath room) .Well located in the very center of Paris(Bourse,Opéra,Palais Royal, musée du Louvre and musée Grévin, grands boulevards), Very close to métro lines 3.8 and 9 . Full comfort and well equipped. -No deposit required. -No additional charge for the 3rd person. -Wifi/internet: Very High speed connexion. A printer at you disposal. -No lift in the building unfortunatly only stairs (3rd floor right door). -Possible to smoke at the Window ;-) -Two bunches of Keys at your entrance. -Iron is at your disposal. -Household products are supplied as Well as cleansing products, bath towels, linen of bed... Description of the offer: Enty: corridor equipped with banks of rangement. The Living room: A big space of 22sq m(with a convertible sofa bed for 1 person size 130x200cm), large flat screen Tv, CD and DVD player, 	Beautiful apartment 2 pieces(45 sq meters)(one living room with a sofa bed(size 130x200cm for 1 guest), one double room(with tv) bed size 140x190cm for 2 guests, one kitchen, one bath room) .Well located in the very center of Paris(Bourse,Opéra,Palais Royal, musée du Louvre and musée Grévin, grands boulevards), Very close to métro lines 3.8 and 9 . Full comfort and well equipped. -No deposit required. -No additional charge for the 3rd person. -Wifi/internet: Very High speed connexion. A printer at you disposal. -No lift in the building unfortunatly only stairs (3rd floor right door). -Possible to smoke at the Window ;-) -Two bunches of Keys at your entrance. -Iron is at your disposal. -Household products are supplied as Well as cleansing products, bath towels, linen of bed... Description of the offer: Enty: corridor equipped with banks of rangement. The Living room: A big space of 22sq m(with a convertible sofa bed for 1 person size 130x200cm), large flat screen Tv, CD and DVD player, 
30020	c'est un jolie 54 m2 tres bien situer au coeur de paris avec un acces au métro bonne nouvelle en bas de la rue	Central et accueillant, il offre une proximité du métro et situer à quelques pas de la rue Montorgueil il accueille deux a quatre personnes. Cuisine équipée, grande salle de douche, grand séjour , chambre a coucher dressing. Appartement de 54M2. c'est un jolie 54 m2 tres bien situer au coeur de paris avec un acces au métro bonne nouvelle en bas de la rue
30021	There are two real bedrooms: no one is sleeping in the living-room. You also have an open-plan kitchen (oven, fridge, dishwasher, electric hotplate, etc.) and a bathroom (shower, washing machine, etc.).  It has historical wooden beams, parquet, molding, and so on. Typical of this old bourgeois district. The location is a strong point: only a few meters from the charming Palais-Royal garden, 5 minutes from the Louvre, 8 minutes from the Seine banks, 5 minutes from the Opera. Everywhere is reachable on foot. But you also have several metro lines very close. You can cook with the fully-equipped kitchen, and the area also has a lot of wonderful restaurants. WiFi Internet is provided. A smoke detector is set up.	The flat consists of 2 bedrooms and a vast living-room. The block was built in the 17th century, some walls are made of timbering.  It's located in the very center of Paris, in the old district of Palais-Royal, between the Louvre and the Opera. There are two real bedrooms: no one is sleeping in the living-room. You also have an open-plan kitchen (oven, fridge, dishwasher, electric hotplate, etc.) and a bathroom (shower, washing machine, etc.).  It has historical wooden beams, parquet, molding, and so on. Typical of this old bourgeois district. The location is a strong point: only a few meters from the charming Palais-Royal garden, 5 minutes from the Louvre, 8 minutes from the Seine banks, 5 minutes from the Opera. Everywhere is reachable on foot. But you also have several metro lines very close. You can cook with the fully-equipped kitchen, and the area also has a lot of wonderful restaurants. WiFi Internet is provided. A smoke detector is set up. Guests have access to the whole flat. 
30022	Third floor without (website hidden), Wi Fi . Separated WC and bathroom. Very quite	one bedroom, 28 m2 with a double bed (120X190), both with carpets, a table, an armchair. Third floor without (website hidden), Wi Fi . Separated WC and bathroom. Very quite. Possible to rent it with an adjoining junior suite (on the AirbandB website). Third floor without (website hidden), Wi Fi . Separated WC and bathroom. Very quite Access to the kitchen for the continental breakfast  prepared by your self included in the rate. Arrival between 12.30 AM and 14PM or to be determinated in advance Availability for discussions regarding the parisian events and plus if asked. Quitness during the week end, animation during the week, restairant aeras, and situation in the center of Paris, walking distance to the major touristic cultural and shopping areas. Metro station : Pyramides Ligne : 07. La Courneuve-Villejuif/Mairie d'Ivry, Ligne (website hidden) Lazare-Olympiades  Parking : Corner avenue de l’opéra/rue des pyramides Roissy : Roissybus pour Opéra puis 10 mn by foot Possible to rent  th
30023	You will feel immediately at home in this charming wooden-floor flat located one street away from the lively and trendy rue Montorgueil.  Top floor of a 6 story building overlooking the beautiful roofs of Paris. (Elevator). The bright and sunny living room has exposed beams, a charming fireplace, 2 sofas and a large screen TV. Fully equipped kitchen. (Micro-wave oven, oven, dish-washer, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine...). Quiet bedroom over-looking inner courtyard with a queen-sized bed and romantic furniture. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, toilet and velux window.  	This charming 40m2 wooden-floor flat is located one street away from the lively and trendy rue Montorgueil.  You will feel immediately at home. Top floor of a 6 story building overlooking the beautiful roofs of Paris.  You will feel immediately at home in this charming wooden-floor flat located one street away from the lively and trendy rue Montorgueil.  Top floor of a 6 story building overlooking the beautiful roofs of Paris. (Elevator). The bright and sunny living room has exposed beams, a charming fireplace, 2 sofas and a large screen TV. Fully equipped kitchen. (Micro-wave oven, oven, dish-washer, Nespresso coffee machine, washing machine...). Quiet bedroom over-looking inner courtyard with a queen-sized bed and romantic furniture. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, toilet and velux window.  Coffee & tea for your breakfast.   Free Wi-Fi and city guides of Paris. We're happy to share our best addresses in Paris with you! The Quartier Montorgueil is a pedestrian area, home to l
30024		This open plan mini loft is in the heart of the Montorgueil pedestrianised area in the centre of Paris, a stone's throw from the authentic market street near Les Halles, a pleasant stroll to the Pompidou Centre, near all the best restaurants. Sleeps 2. Close to bus and metro stations, and taxis.
30025		Bel appartement lumineux de 120m2 situé en plein centre de Paris (2ème arrondissement), dans le quartier de Montorgueil. Rues piétonnes, primeurs, restaurants, bar, terrasses, et le Louvre à 5 minutes à pied!
30026	This lovely studio provides a functional arrangement and a pleasant parquet flooring. It is bright and quiet, so it allows you to rest in complete tranquility while enjoying the excitement of the neighborhood. This lovely studio is located on the first floor with no elevator. It faces north east and has views on a courtyard. The entrance opens up on the living room equipped with large storage areas and a comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa. The equipped kitchen provides a private access to a large terrace with duckboard flooring, it features a table and two chairs. A bathroom is also at your disposal and includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find num	This lovely studio provides a functional arrangement and a pleasant parquet flooring. It is bright and quiet, so it allows you to rest in complete tranquility while enjoying the excitement of the neighborhood. This lovely studio is located on the first floor with no elevator. It faces north east and has views on a courtyard. The entrance opens up on the living room equipped with large storage areas and a comfortable 140 cm convertible sofa. The equipped kitchen provides a private access to a large terrace with duckboard flooring, it features a table and two chairs. A bathroom is also at your disposal and includes a shower cubicle and the toilets. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find num
30027	The apartment is on the second floor, ideally suited for a single or couple. The double bed is on the mezzanine and there is a sofa bed if needed. There are all of the basic amenities : Wifi, Television, washer dryer, small kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, hob) and bathroom (shower). Bed sheets (2 double bed sheets and 2 slipcovers for bed) 2 shower towels (2 large)	Located in the area of Montorgueil, you are in the center of Paris, close to fantastic bars, boulangeries, restaurants, markets and stores. The apartment is on the second floor,  the bed is on the mezzanine, ideally suited for a single or couple. The apartment is on the second floor, ideally suited for a single or couple. The double bed is on the mezzanine and there is a sofa bed if needed. There are all of the basic amenities : Wifi, Television, washer dryer, small kitchen (fridge, oven, microwave, hob) and bathroom (shower). Bed sheets (2 double bed sheets and 2 slipcovers for bed) 2 shower towels (2 large) Located in the area of Montorgueil, you are in the center of Paris, right next to fantastic bars, boulangeries, restaurants, supermarkets, stores but also less than 10 minutes walk from Centre Pompidou, Le Marais, Rue de Rivoli, Châtelet Les Halles, Le Louvre... I will be glad to welcome you, give you the keys and some recommandations (restaurants, places to do shopping...) if nee
30028	This 25m² studio will appeal to both lovers of old buildings and history as well as to all who seek comfort, modernity and design. You will live in a seventeenth century building, on the ground floor, raised above street level; just a few metres from the Bourse de Paris (Palais Broniard), between the Montorgueil district and the sublime Place des Victoires. It is a very beautiful building; you pass through a large porch and enter the apartment being presented with the period stairwell. You enter directly into the large living room where everything has been designed for your comfort: entering on your right, there is a modern American style kitchen fully equipped with electric hotplates (USA: burners), oven and microwave, hood, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle; and, as always in all our apartments, everything that you will need to cook and to try your hand at French cuisine. You will fall instantly in love with this apartment, which has kept all its period charm with i	This 25m² studio will appeal to both lovers of old buildings and history as well as to all who seek comfort, modernity and design. You will live in a seventeenth century building, on the ground floor, raised above street level; just a few metres from the Bourse de Paris (Palais Broniard), between the Montorgueil district and the sublime Place des Victoires. It is a very beautiful building; you pass through a large porch and enter the apartment being presented with the period stairwell. You enter directly into the large living room where everything has been designed for your comfort: entering on your right, there is a modern American style kitchen fully equipped with electric hotplates (USA: burners), oven and microwave, hood, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker, kettle; and, as always in all our apartments, everything that you will need to cook and to try your hand at French cuisine. You will fall instantly in love with this apartment, which has kept all its period charm with i
30029	In a building secured by a code and then an intercom and equipped with a lift, the Paris rental apartment is on the second floor. Modern equipment and comfort will make your stay unforgettable when renting this Paris apartment. You will enjoy the air conditioning while the weather is hot outside. The great surprise of this apartment in Paris : one of your neighbors is a very famous French personality… The apartment in Paris opens onto the kitchen area, equipped with an open kitchen with table, chairs and bench, in which you will be able to store your luggage. The lounge part is equipped with two single beds made up into a comfortable couch. The first bedroom of this Paris apartment has a very comfortable double bed, a desk from which you will be able to work if needed and plenty of storage space. The first bathroom with a bathtub and toilet is accessible from this bedroom. The second bedroom is equipped following the same model : a comfortable double bed, desk and closets. The second b	By renting this apartment in Paris, you will have a very famous French personality as one of your neighbours! This only adds to this already perfect retreat to rent in the heart of Paris. In a building secured by a code and then an intercom and equipped with a lift, the Paris rental apartment is on the second floor. Modern equipment and comfort will make your stay unforgettable when renting this Paris apartment. You will enjoy the air conditioning while the weather is hot outside. The great surprise of this apartment in Paris : one of your neighbors is a very famous French personality… The apartment in Paris opens onto the kitchen area, equipped with an open kitchen with table, chairs and bench, in which you will be able to store your luggage. The lounge part is equipped with two single beds made up into a comfortable couch. The first bedroom of this Paris apartment has a very comfortable double bed, a desk from which you will be able to work if needed and plenty of storage space. The 
30030		Gorgeous 50 sqm one bed-room apartment with living room, separate kitchen, and bathroom.  Located in central stylish area of Montorgueuil with best bars, restaurants and shopping around. You are not going to want to leave the place !  The best place  You'll have access to the whole apartment. The apartment is located in the lovely Montorgueil area, filled with charming restaurants, cocktail bars and shops. It is in the most central area of Paris, which allows you to go absolutely anywhere in the city in 20 minutes. The apartment is located next to 2 different Metro lines :  Line 3 (Sentier or Réaumur-Sébastopol, 2 minutes by walk) Line 4 (Réaumur-Sébastopol, 2 minutes by walk) Châtelet-Les Halles (biggest hub in Paris) is less than 10 minutes away by walk.
30031	le studio est en plein centre a 5 min du quartier Montorgeuil et rue montmartre Le louvre et Beaubourg est a 15 a 20 minute  a pied de l'appartement c'est un studio pour 3 personnes trés lumineux avec une grande fenêtre et une cuisine séparée équipée avec une fenêtre	le studio est en plein centre a 5 min du quartier Montorgeuil et rue montmartre Le louvre et Beaubourg est a 15 a 20 minute  a pied de l'appartement c'est un studio pour 3 personnes trés lumineux avec une grande fenêtre et une cuisine séparée équipée avec une fenêtre RER Aubert ensuite le métro a 3 stations RER Châtelet les Halles sortie Turbigo ensuite 12 min de marche a pied ou le Bus navette des aéroports  Telephone et mail, une personne est la pour vous recevoir mon numero: (phone number hidden)                             (phone number hidden) quartier tres animé,  cinema,  resto, Bars, quartier pietonne Montorgeuil est et les grands boulevatds a 5 minutes et  Louvre et Beaubourg a 15min Metro a 5 min Grands Boulevards, Sentier BUS   (phone number hidden)
30032	The DISTRICT:  This little loft is conveniently located in Montorgueil village, the best district of Paris, one of the oldest and most typical and picturesque. You have a lot of cafes, good restaurant, a vegetable markets and a very good fromagerie and bakery... It is a very central area. You are less 10 mn walk from the Louvre, Notre Dame, Seine river, Opera or Le Marais... It is also the heart of fashion and of parisian night life. You will be bathing in Paris way of life. I am sure you will fall in love with the city and its people! The APPARTMENT: From all the windows you have a very romantic view on the famous Paris roofs. The flat was designed by an architect. It is a charming 60m2 open space on 2 levels with 2 bedrooms at the 5th floor, under the roofs (no lift - rare heritage-listed building) Decorated with care, I will try to always improve the cosiness to make your stay unforgettable! Beds are High quality. In the main bed room you have a king size bed - 180 cm. Another bedro	The DISTRICT:  This little loft is conveniently located in Montorgueil village, the best district of Paris, one of the oldest and most typical and picturesque. You have a lot of cafes, good restaurant, a vegetable markets and a very good fromagerie and bakery... It is a very central area. You are less 10 mn walk from the Louvre, Notre Dame, Seine river, Opera or Le Marais... It is also the heart of fashion and of parisian night life. You will be bathing in Paris way of life. I am sure you will fall in love with the city and its people! The APPARTMENT: From all the windows you have a very romantic view on the famous Paris roofs. The flat was designed by an architect. It is a charming 60m2 open space on 2 levels with 2 bedrooms at the 5th floor, under the roofs (no lift - rare heritage-listed building) Decorated with care, I will try to always improve the cosiness to make your stay unforgettable! Beds are High quality. In the main bed room you have a king size bed - 180 cm. Another bedro
30033	I live a small appartement in the center of Paris. I am renting my living room which is equiped with TV , Refrigerator, washing machine , MicroWave and a very comfortable convertible bed. It is perfect for a tourist traveling solo.  The Bathroom is small and it will be shared by us (me and you) but the entire apartment is clean. The appartement is located in the center of Paris only 5 minutes from George Pompidou Center and chatelet. In case you are a tourist , then the good news for you is that my appartement is close to main touristic attractions. Here are an estimation of the time you will spend to reach the following attractions from my place by metro:  - Eiffel tour (Ecole Militaire station on line 8): 15 minutes. - Saint Michel + Notre dame ( Cite metro station on line 4 ): 8 minutes - Sacree Cour ( Chateau Rouge metro station on line 4 ) : 8 minutes -   Victor Hugo house (Bastille metro station on line 8 ) : 6 minutes -  Louvre Museum ( Palais Royal musee du louvre metro station	I live a small appartement in the center of Paris. I am renting my living room which is equiped with TV , Refrigerator, washing machine , MicroWave and a very comfortable convertible bed. It is perfect for a tourist traveling solo.  The Bathroom is small and it will be shared by us (me and you) but the entire apartment is clean. The appartement is located in the center of Paris only 5 minutes from George Pompidou Center and chatelet. In case you are a tourist , then the good news for you is that my appartement is close to main touristic attractions. Here are an estimation of the time you will spend to reach the following attractions from my place by metro:  - Eiffel tour (Ecole Militaire station on line 8): 15 minutes. - Saint Michel + Notre dame ( Cite metro station on line 4 ): 8 minutes - Sacree Cour ( Chateau Rouge metro station on line 4 ) : 8 minutes -   Victor Hugo house (Bastille metro station on line 8 ) : 6 minutes -  Louvre Museum ( Palais Royal musee du louvre metro station
30034	Be very welcome at home !!! 3rd floor with elevator 2-3 room (room - corridor - double living room) Fully equiped kitchen Large and modern bathroom with unlimited hot water Very comfortable bedding Calm (pedestrian area, no cars!!! :) Lighty (7 windows !) Rational space with storage and a practical scheme Very lively, trendy and central neighborhood	Feel at home in this Parisian apartment! 58m2, ideally located in the heart of the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, between Marais and Louvre Decoration is a Parisian mix of design and flea market furniture The flat is very lighty, warm and calm Be very welcome at home !!! 3rd floor with elevator 2-3 room (room - corridor - double living room) Fully equiped kitchen Large and modern bathroom with unlimited hot water Very comfortable bedding Calm (pedestrian area, no cars!!! :) Lighty (7 windows !) Rational space with storage and a practical scheme Very lively, trendy and central neighborhood Enjoy all the amenities, just like if you were home : - Free, fast and unlimited Wifi  - TV - Washing and drying machine (combo) - Fully equiped kitchen (frigde, cooking hob, oven, extractor, cattle, dishwasher, etc.) - Cooking ustensils and dishes - Clean towels and bed sheets  - Hair dryer There is a caretaker in the building, downstairs, from monday to friday.  In any case, you can reach me by the
30035	A lovely room in a totally renovated apartment in a charming building with a caretaker in the chic Sentier neighborhood. The apartment is open, airy, and with plenty of windows for natural light.  Please note that the room is not closed by a normal wood door but by a large obscuring curtain that assures privacy. The apartment is also quiet and well-lit (the windows face an inner courtyard). Welcome to the heart of Paris! 	A lovely room in a totally renovated apartment in a charming building with a caretaker in the chic Sentier neighborhood. The apartment is open, airy, and with plenty of windows for natural light.  Free acces to the kitchen accessories. A lovely room in a totally renovated apartment in a charming building with a caretaker in the chic Sentier neighborhood. The apartment is open, airy, and with plenty of windows for natural light.  Please note that the room is not closed by a normal wood door but by a large obscuring curtain that assures privacy. The apartment is also quiet and well-lit (the windows face an inner courtyard). Welcome to the heart of Paris! The kitchen is fully-equipped with an induction stove top, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, an all-in-one washer and dryer, and an all-in-one oven and microwave. In principle, i do the check-in by myself and i'm always up to take a drink and to have conversation with my guests ;-) The location can’t be beat. With a mere 3-minute walk from t
30036	Center of Paris close to opera and place Bourse	Studio loft cosi in center of Paris. Center of Paris close to opera and place Bourse
30037	Recently refurbished it has 42m2, a spacious room with wooden floors, and poof sofa, coffee table glass, paintings, photographs and fixtures as well as plasma TV, DVD and many movies available. You'll also find a music system via WIFI, where from your iPhone, iPhone or computer you can put the music to play, two anti noise windows offer total silence apart from very light to the apartment. WIFI high speed internet and cable TV are also included in this charming apartment. The room with double bed of 140x200, window anti noise, wardrobe and lighting. In the fully equipped kitchen you have nexpresso maker, 4 burner gas stove, oven, microwave, toaster, refrigerator with freezer, utensils in general, dining table for 3 people, machine dishwashing and washing machine. The bathroom with shower strong, heated towel rail and integrated health. The apartment is perfect for 2 people and has an extra mattress for a child.	Recently refurbished it has 42m2, a spacious room with wooden floors, and poof sofa, coffee table glass, paintings, photographs and fixtures as well as plasma TV Recently refurbished it has 42m2, a spacious room with wooden floors, and poof sofa, coffee table glass, paintings, photographs and fixtures as well as plasma TV, DVD and many movies available. You'll also find a music system via WIFI, where from your iPhone, iPhone or computer you can put the music to play, two anti noise windows offer total silence apart from very light to the apartment. WIFI high speed internet and cable TV are also included in this charming apartment. The room with double bed of 140x200, window anti noise, wardrobe and lighting. In the fully equipped kitchen you have nexpresso maker, 4 burner gas stove, oven, microwave, toaster, refrigerator with freezer, utensils in general, dining table for 3 people, machine dishwashing and washing machine. The bathroom with shower strong, heated towel rail and integrate
30038	You will have full this apartment of 60 m² with patio, 3 rooms, is located rue Palestro in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 1st floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, dryer, dishwasher, chains, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with: elevator, entry code, intercom, concierge. Located in the center of Paris swamps, Montorgeuil, Les Halles, the Louvre you can do everything on foot! For the month of August only weekly rental minimum	You will have full this apartment of 60 m² with patio, 3 rooms, is located rue Palestro in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 1st floor of a 19th century building and it sleeps 5 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, dryer, dishwasher, chains, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, fireplace. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 19th century building is equipped with: elevator, entry code, intercom, concierge. Located in the center of Paris swamps, Montorgeuil, Les Halles, the Louvre you can do everything on foot! For the month of August only weekly rental minimum
30039	This lovely studio is comfortable and practical. It has a small kitchen with everything you need to make light meals. The bathroom has a nice shower and toilette. The living room contains a sofa-bed with a very thick, comfortable mattress. The apartment comes with free internet and television in several languages.	Charming studio ideally located in the heart of the Montorgueil quarter in a pedestrian-only zone. The neighborhood is quiet, yet quite lively. It's known for its restaurants, markets, wine stores, cheese vendors, fish mongers and bakeries.  This lovely studio is comfortable and practical. It has a small kitchen with everything you need to make light meals. The bathroom has a nice shower and toilette. The living room contains a sofa-bed with a very thick, comfortable mattress. The apartment comes with free internet and television in several languages. Guests have exclusive access to the entire apartment.  The kitchen if fully equipped. Internet access is free. Towels and linen are provided.  Electricity, heating and cleaning costs are included in the price. You will be met in the apartment with the key. We are a real estate agency specializing in vacation rentals in Paris. We are available 7 days a week and often at night. You can contact us any time if you have questions or problems b
30040	It's 20 sqm. completely renovated studio in a 1800's building, small kitchen, small table for 2, if you were thinking to take a shower with someone in Paris in my studio it won't be possible.	Cool and comfortable studio apartment it's in one of the best areas of Paris (2eme arrondissement)! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located, coffees, markets, restaurants, Louvre, Centre Pompidou, all away only few min from the studio. It's 20 sqm. completely renovated studio in a 1800's building, small kitchen, small table for 2, if you were thinking to take a shower with someone in Paris in my studio it won't be possible. Everything that's inside you can use it, the only rule it's not to take it with you or brake it. Bring your own towels. Receiving them and checking that everything is perfect. It's a really quiet neighbourhood, a police station is in the same street, around the corner you will find a supermarket Dia (great prices), also a Bio c Bon market (healthy products), Rue Montorgueil only 3 min walk (restaurants, bars, supermarkets, cheese and wine shops), 4 min away from the Grands Boulevards (Shopping area and party area). The biggest cinema in Paris only 4 min wal
30041	"Petit Nuage (""Little Cloud"" — our name for the studio) is 3 floors up in our 13 century building (no lift / elevator, and the stairs, while picturesque, are best approached with grappling hooks!) The studio offers... ...a bed / sitting room, with a comfortable, easy-to-manipulate pull-out double bed, closet / armoire, and ample shelf space.  The bed is a real double (140 cm), not a ""lit français"" (120 cm).  But nor is it a “Queen” (152 cm).   A ""Pack-and-Play"" baby bed is available upon request, and for free.  But floor space is tight with both the bed and the ""Pack-and-Play"" deployed. Desk area with TV/DVD player.  Free WIFI. Expandable table in the kitchen, seats 2. Heat (comfortable) and all utilities included. Detached bathroom with small tub (curtain permits use as a shower), sink, WC, and plentiful hot water. The kitchen area is equipped with 2 burners, a microwave oven, a clothes washer, and a fridge. Total surface area is 16 square meters / 175 square feet, including the bathro"	"""Petit Nuage"" is light, cheery, and quiet (3rd floor, on a courtyard).  Fold-out sofa double bed, kitchen area, detached bath/WC:  16 sq m.  In the beautiful Montorgueil neighborhood, the very heart of the medieval city.  9 métro lines at your door! Petit Nuage (""Little Cloud"" — our name for the studio) is 3 floors up in our 13 century building (no lift / elevator, and the stairs, while picturesque, are best approached with grappling hooks!) The studio offers... ...a bed / sitting room, with a comfortable, easy-to-manipulate pull-out double bed, closet / armoire, and ample shelf space.  The bed is a real double (140 cm), not a ""lit français"" (120 cm).  But nor is it a “Queen” (152 cm).   A ""Pack-and-Play"" baby bed is available upon request, and for free.  But floor space is tight with both the bed and the ""Pack-and-Play"" deployed. Desk area with TV/DVD player.  Free WIFI. Expandable table in the kitchen, seats 2. Heat (comfortable) and all utilities included. Detached bathroom with sma"
30042		Bright & comfortable, between Montorgueil & le Grand Rex. Access to 4 metro lines. Recently renovated, 50m2 floor area, lying in the bed on the mezzanine you can see the stars! Piano, Wifi, spacious kitchen with oven, microwave, washing machine. Please note that my appartement is on the 7th floor (6ème en français) without an elevator like many parisian buildings.
30043	The US kitchen opens on the confortable dining area, and is fully equipped with electric stove, hood, microwave oven, refrigerator / freezer, dishwasher, electric coffee maker, kettle, toaster, as well as all dishes, utensils and cutlery needed for the preparation and serving of a meal. opens onto the large terrace, with a stunning view on the golden dome of the Garnier Opera, the Eiffel Tower and Parisian rooves. complete this unique property.	This 200m2 duplex with terrace is located on the last floor of a cut stone building with elevator at the very heart of Paris in the second arrondissement.The refined and original decoration harmoniously mixes design items and 1950's furniture. Conveniently located, near the Bourse, this apartment is the perfect starting point to discover the city.  It is within short walk distance to the OPERA the LOUVRE, and Paris most famous department stores (PRINTEMPS and GALERIES LAFAYETTES), to the charming Galerie Vivienne (an ancient passage built as an indoor shopping mall for Parisians back in 1826, with delightful shops and cafes. If you walk towards the TUILERIES, don't miss the PLACE DES VICTOIRES and the gardens of the PALAIS ROYAL. In the neighbourhood, you will find many nice cafes and restaurants, and the best japanese restaurants of the city are one block away. A well stocked supermarket is located on 4 rue de la Bourse, and the market on the Rue MONTORGUEIL is not to be missed. You c
30044	Duplex de 3 pièces sous les toits en zinc et verrière…	Vous dormirez la tête sous les étoiles… À quelques minutes à pied de la rue Montorgueil, Beaubourg, du Marais, des Grands Boulevards et de ses théâtres… L'appartement peut-être partagé ou entièrement disponible pour 4 personnes. Demandez-moi! Duplex de 3 pièces sous les toits en zinc et verrière… Chambre (ou canapé lit confortable à l'étage, sous la verrière). Accès à tout l'appartement. Cuisine et salle de bain à disposition. Quartier au centre de Paris, à deux pas de lieux touristiques comme le Marais, Beaubourg, la rue Montorgueil, les grands boulevards et ses théâtres, le Grand Rex, le musée Grevin… Métro Strabourg Saint Denis Ligne 4 - 8 - 9 — Métro Réaumur Sébastopol Ligne 4 - 3 Poissons rouges, oiseaux et Madame Tortue!
30045	L'espace, l'espace imaginez 75m2 rien que pour vous !	Imaginez un vaste loft de 75m2, ou vous pourrez profiter de la vie parisienne dans un quartier proche opéra accessible à pied des principaux sites touristiques Le Louvre a 15mn a pied, opéra a 15mn, la rue montorgueil et le quartier piéton des Halles a proximité.
30046	"Strictly 2 weeks minimum stay Large, luminous and quiet 915 square feet (85 square meters) apartment in the heart of Paris.  Located near the ""Grands Boulevards"", a few steps away from the Garnier Opera, and a 15 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum. The 3 subway lines located 5 minutes away allows you to visit more of Paris. The area of the ""Grands Boulevards"" is known for its constant animation, with many restaurants, cafés, shops, theaters and cinemas.  At the 5th Floor with elevator, of a typical Parisian building you will find an artist's cocoon: 1 large living room/ dining area with 2 sofas, large table, shelves with books that you are welcome to read...  2 bedrooms (a queen size beds in each), one is decorated in the style of an artist's studio, with desk.  1 fully equipped kitchen, with fridge, electric oven & hotplates, microwave, and dish washer.  1 Bathroom with bathtub, hot towel rail...  1 small laundry room with washing machine, dryer, and iron.  The apartment was entirely"	"Strictly 2 weeks minimum stay Large, luminous and quiet 915 square feet (85 square meters) apartment in the heart of Paris.  Located near the ""Grands Boulevards"", a few steps away from the Garnier Opera, and a 15 minutes walk from the Louvre Museum. The 3 subway lines located 5 minutes away allows you to visit more of Paris. The area of the ""Grands Boulevards"" is known for its constant animation, with many restaurants, cafés, shops, theaters and cinemas.  At the 5th Floor with elevator, of a typical Parisian building you will find an artist's cocoon: 1 large living room/ dining area with 2 sofas, large table, shelves with books that you are welcome to read...  2 bedrooms (a queen size beds in each), one is decorated in the style of an artist's studio, with desk.  1 fully equipped kitchen, with fridge, electric oven & hotplates, microwave, and dish washer.  1 Bathroom with bathtub, hot towel rail...  1 small laundry room with washing machine, dryer, and iron.  The apartment was entirely"
30047	Stylish apartment, for up to four guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a spacious and elegant sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. A fold-out dining table is also on hand for enjoying home cooked meals, with the contemporary kitchen designed with a bar and supplying a microwave, hob, fridge, freezer, a dish washer, kettle, toaster and coffee machine. The spacious bedroom contains a chic queen size bed with a high quality mattress and offers plenty of storage. The bathroom completes the dwelling in style with a modern and large washbasin	Stylish apartment, for up to four guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter,  Stylish apartment, for up to four guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a spacious and elegant sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. A fold-out dining table is also on hand for enjoying home cooked meals, with the contemporary kitchen designed with a bar and supplying a microwave, hob, fridge, freezer, a dish washer, kettle
30048	If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 70e and greeter fees 70e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a recently renovated and very chic typically Parisian building with large elevator : 1 huge living room with double queen size sofa bed,  1 bed room with double king size bed and 1 very comfortable folding tatami bed you can put where you want. 1 fully equipped kitchen and 1 fully equipped  shower room with WC.  Recently renovated to a high standard with modern and contemporary furniture, the apartment has a sober and elegant atmosphere.  The apartm	In the heart of Paris, 5min walk from Opera/Louvre, renovated building and bright and tranquil apartment with lift,  spacious, well orgnanised, living room, bed room, kitchen, shower room/WC, 5 sleeps, Free WIFI internet, telephone and cable TV. If you want to get the local feeling of living in Paris, this apartment is perfect  for families with children, business trips or to stay with friends. We kindly require the payment of the cleaning fees 70e and greeter fees 70e  in cash upon arrival and these are not included in the airbnb payment. This is the easiest way to remunerate our cleaning lady and our greeter and  will help us to  avoid ridiculous bank fees if we had to make a bank transfer to them. Many thanks for your understanding.   The apartment is located on the 4th floor of a recently renovated and very chic typically Parisian building with large elevator : 1 huge living room with double queen size sofa bed,  1 bed room with double king size bed and 1 very comfortable folding t
30049	The apartment is located on the top of the district Montorgueil. The district is one of the last part of Old Paris. The apartment is located in a street wich was one of three entrances to the Great Court of Miracles, described by Victor Hugo in Notre-Dame de Paris. Today district Montorgueil is probably the trendiest in Paris and includes a multitude of bars and restaurants (the delicious Frenchie !); Montorgueil Street is made of typical shops, butchers, fishmongers, bakeries and caterers. It is also a fashion shopper's paradise ! Theaters and cinemas are very close (200 m). And then, quite simply, if you put a finger on the district Montorgueil, you are exactly in the center of Paris, at the intersection of all subway lines (lines 4, 3, 1, 8, 9; it's the biggest hub for subway/RER lines in Paris), buses, and bike stations (Velib) and many places are within walking (Notre-Dame, Le Marais, Le Louvre, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, Châtelet, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra). The apartment has th	The apartment is located on the top of the district Montorgueil. The district is one of the last part of Old Paris. The apartment is located in a street wich was one of three entrances to the Great Court of Miracles, described by Victor Hugo in Notre-Dame de Paris. Today district Montorgueil is probably the trendiest in Paris and includes a multitude of bars and restaurants (the delicious Frenchie !); Montorgueil Street is made of typical shops, butchers, fishmongers, bakeries and caterers. It is also a fashion shopper's paradise ! Theaters and cinemas are very close (200 m). And then, quite simply, if you put a finger on the district Montorgueil, you are exactly in the center of Paris, at the intersection of all subway lines (lines 4, 3, 1, 8, 9; it's the biggest hub for subway/RER lines in Paris), buses, and bike stations (Velib) and many places are within walking (Notre-Dame, Le Marais, Le Louvre, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, Châtelet, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra). The apartment has th
30050	On a short term basis . A bright and comfortable studio located in the lively and trendy Montorgueil/ Saint Denis Pedestrian area. On the first floor of an old building...I'ts a fully furnished studio (except washing machine) with a flat screen tv and  wifi internet connection.  The rent is 780 euros per month all included plus a safe deposit.  	Cozy,  bright and quiet, studio apt in the heart of the city.... Walking distance from major city landmarks and interesting spots  all transports, very convenient for tourist and students during the summer On a short term basis . A bright and comfortable studio located in the lively and trendy Montorgueil/ Saint Denis Pedestrian area. On the first floor of an old building...I'ts a fully furnished studio (except washing machine) with a flat screen tv and  wifi internet connection.  The rent is 780 euros per month all included plus a safe deposit.
30051	Le studio n'est pas très grand mais il est bien aménagé (le canapé-lit permet de libérer de l'espace pendant la journée tout en permettant de dormir confortablement) et idéalement situé. La salle de bain est entièrement équipée de même que la cuisine, et je mets à votre disposition des serviettes de bain et différents ustensiles de cuisine (instruments de base, mixeur, bouilloire, etc.). Je fais très attention à la propreté de mon appartement. L'appartement est situé au deuxième étage sans ascenseur, il donne sur une cour intérieure. Ce logement est idéal pour un couple qui veut découvrir le charme de Paris sans avoir besoin de s'éloigner du centre.	Je loue mon studio pendant les vacances : confortable et aménagé avec soin, il est situé dans le 2e arrondissement de Paris, tout près du centre et il est très bien desservi (métros 3, 4, 8, 9). Idéal pour un couple qui veut découvrir Paris. Le studio n'est pas très grand mais il est bien aménagé (le canapé-lit permet de libérer de l'espace pendant la journée tout en permettant de dormir confortablement) et idéalement situé. La salle de bain est entièrement équipée de même que la cuisine, et je mets à votre disposition des serviettes de bain et différents ustensiles de cuisine (instruments de base, mixeur, bouilloire, etc.). Je fais très attention à la propreté de mon appartement. L'appartement est situé au deuxième étage sans ascenseur, il donne sur une cour intérieure. Ce logement est idéal pour un couple qui veut découvrir le charme de Paris sans avoir besoin de s'éloigner du centre. Si vous rencontrez un quelconque problème ou si vous avez des questions, n'hésitez pas à me contacte
30052	"Looking for great accommodation in Paris? At a walking distance from must see places: Le Louvre, Les Tuileries, Les Halles, Beaubourg, Musée d’Orsay, and so much more? With a picturesque neighborhood ? A stunning vue and a lovely market just at the building footstep? Search no more! You found it! We have a lovely private room to offer you, in a 2 bedrooms apartment in the very heart of Paris (quartier montorgueil), with all comfort: internet, cable tv, washing machine, dryer, high-tech kitchen, dish washer, etc ... You will be in the so Parisian quarter ""Montorgueil"". Quite famous for the fashion industry around (Sentier), you can sometimes see some known faces at Café Etienne Marcel, just 1 min away walking… if you are lucky enough you can even see known faces in the building. The apartment is 60m2 for 2 bedrooms, very quiet (a bedroom leads to an inside square), with a kitchen, bathroom and a living room with a wide view to Rue Montmartre and Saint Eustache Church. On thursdays and s"	"5 minutes walking to Le Louvre, Le Marais. 10 minutes walking to Notre-Dame... what else ;-) ? Looking for great accommodation in Paris? At a walking distance from must see places: Le Louvre, Les Tuileries, Les Halles, Beaubourg, Musée d’Orsay, and so much more? With a picturesque neighborhood ? A stunning vue and a lovely market just at the building footstep? Search no more! You found it! We have a lovely private room to offer you, in a 2 bedrooms apartment in the very heart of Paris (quartier montorgueil), with all comfort: internet, cable tv, washing machine, dryer, high-tech kitchen, dish washer, etc ... You will be in the so Parisian quarter ""Montorgueil"". Quite famous for the fashion industry around (Sentier), you can sometimes see some known faces at Café Etienne Marcel, just 1 min away walking… if you are lucky enough you can even see known faces in the building. The apartment is 60m2 for 2 bedrooms, very quiet (a bedroom leads to an inside square), with a kitchen, bathroom and"
30053	The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located in the center of Paris with many good shops and restaurants. It is on the 3rd floor (no lift) of a 19th century building, very typical. There is a sofa-bed (for two persons). The apartment is very quiet by night, because the street is calm and also because there are double windows. The area where the apartment is situated is exceptional. FIrst of all, it is very easy to get to the area where the apartment is from CDG Airport because there is a direct train RER B which brings your right to the station Chatelet Les Halles located 7 minutes away by foot from the apartment. In case, if you arrive to the Gard du Nord railway train station, it will take you only 10 minutes to get to the apartment by subway.  The neighborhood where the apartment is, is a very charming and central place to stay which is located near the pedestrian shopping district of Montorgueil, 3 minutes away from the metro station Sentier. It is 	Pretty and renovated flat in a very central area of Paris with all conveniences (supermarkets, restaurants, night clubs, etc.). It is also closed to most of historical or artistic sites. The flat is not huge (25 sq) but the location is fantastic. The apartment is very bright and was recently fully renovated.  It is located in the center of Paris with many good shops and restaurants. It is on the 3rd floor (no lift) of a 19th century building, very typical. There is a sofa-bed (for two persons). The apartment is very quiet by night, because the street is calm and also because there are double windows. The area where the apartment is situated is exceptional. FIrst of all, it is very easy to get to the area where the apartment is from CDG Airport because there is a direct train RER B which brings your right to the station Chatelet Les Halles located 7 minutes away by foot from the apartment. In case, if you arrive to the Gard du Nord railway train station, it will take you only 10 minutes
30054	Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Grands Boulevards, this apartment is perfect for people lookink for a bed in the center of Paris. Fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom (only one is available):  -The room has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people The apartment has 2 bathroom:  -A private bathroom for your room, with only sink and toilets (no shower)  -A common bathroom for the appartment, with bath, toilets and sink (that you can use too) The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable TV (with English-speaking news channels).  There is a full kitchen, with nespresso machine, microwaves, fridge, freezer, washing machine.... everything you need. The apartment is located on the first floor on the Boulevard (the bedroom is on the boulevard, can be a litle noisy sometimes).  Steps away from many fun boutiques, wonderful restaurants, bakeries, and park (place des vosges).  Also grocery store and metro all within walking distance. Amenities inc	"1 bedroom (with private toilets) in a Beautiful 100 sqm Flat, on the ""Grands Boulevards"", heart of Paris. Bathroom, full equiped kitchen, tv, internet and wi-fi acces. Between Opéra, Beaubourg, Chatelet, République...  Paris at your door! Centrally located in the heart of Paris’s Grands Boulevards, this apartment is perfect for people lookink for a bed in the center of Paris. Fully furnished,this apartment offer 3 bedroom (only one is available):  -The room has a queen bed, which accommodates 2 people The apartment has 2 bathroom:  -A private bathroom for your room, with only sink and toilets (no shower)  -A common bathroom for the appartment, with bath, toilets and sink (that you can use too) The apartment is fully equipped with WIFI, iPod dock, DVD player and cable TV (with English-speaking news channels).  There is a full kitchen, with nespresso machine, microwaves, fridge, freezer, washing machine.... everything you need. The apartment is located on the first floor on the Boulevard"
30055	"My name is Alexandre, I am both a Publisher and musician and I propose this splendid luminous and unique loft under the roofs, very typical and looking like a boat with wooden structures all around. You'll feel like in a bubble with a lot of light. My apartment was selected to shoot a TV report on airbnb for french television!   Surface is 53 m2, it is compounded with a big living-room, a beautiful kitchen, a bathroom with red tiles and grey clay on the ground, and a very comfortable bedroom with a queen size bed. Decoration with very stylish pieces of furnitures, lots of green plants and vintage stuff.  This place will work I hope as a real ""coup de coeur' for you if you feel like spending some time in Paris in a peaceful atmosphere that you won't find anywhere else.  Beautiful fireplace (functionnal in winter) in the middle of the living-room All amenities :  - Washing and drying machine - Clean towels and linen - Kitchen fully equiped (fridge, freezer, nespresso machine, oven, orang"	"My name is Alexandre, I am both a Publisher and musician and I propose this splendid luminous and unique loft under the roofs, very typical and looking like a boat with wooden structures all around. You'll feel like in a bubble with a lot of light. My apartment was selected to shoot a TV report on airbnb for french television!   Surface is 53 m2, it is compounded with a big living-room, a beautiful kitchen, a bathroom with red tiles and grey clay on the ground, and a very comfortable bedroom with a queen size bed. Decoration with very stylish pieces of furnitures, lots of green plants and vintage stuff.  This place will work I hope as a real ""coup de coeur' for you if you feel like spending some time in Paris in a peaceful atmosphere that you won't find anywhere else.  Beautiful fireplace (functionnal in winter) in the middle of the living-room All amenities :  - Washing and drying machine - Clean towels and linen - Kitchen fully equiped (fridge, freezer, nespresso machine, oven, orang"
30056	The apartment is in a 1800s building but is completely renovated within, with all modern conveniences. It can sleep four guests, and has a six person table. It is on the 5th floor with a pretty view of the street below. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, wifi internet, a queen bed, a large couchbed, large dining table, bathroom and separate toilet.  Supermarkets, two metro stations, restaurants and the Montorgeuil pedestrian area are all within 5 minutes walk. I am available to accompany guests to the apartment and may be contacted by phone during their stay. The closest metro is Reaumur-Sebastopol, but Sentier and Strasbourg-Saint Denis are also within walking distance. If arriving from Orly or Charles-de-Gaulle airports, the apartment is 10 minutes walk from Les Halles RER, and 10-15 minutes walk from Opera bus stop. Almost everything is within walking distance however! The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, wifi internet, a queen bed, a large couchb	Fully renovated apartment in the lively, central Montorgeuil/Sentier district. With queen bed, couchbed, cable TV, nespresso, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, oven it is a great base! The apartment is in a 1800s building but is completely renovated within, with all modern conveniences. It can sleep four guests, and has a six person table. It is on the 5th floor with a pretty view of the street below. The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, wifi internet, a queen bed, a large couchbed, large dining table, bathroom and separate toilet.  Supermarkets, two metro stations, restaurants and the Montorgeuil pedestrian area are all within 5 minutes walk. I am available to accompany guests to the apartment and may be contacted by phone during their stay. The closest metro is Reaumur-Sebastopol, but Sentier and Strasbourg-Saint Denis are also within walking distance. If arriving from Orly or Charles-de-Gaulle airports, the apartment is 10 minutes walk from Les Halles RER, and
30057		Belle chambre indépendante ensoleillée,  et très calme. Une salle de bains attenante avec wc  est dédiée à cette seule chambre. Entrée, chambre et salle de bains. Le quartier est central et animé. Un marché permanent avec des boutiques de produits exotiques et de nombreux passages à découvrir. Accès à de nombreuses stations de Métro: Réaumur Sebastopol, Strasbourg Saint Denis, lignes : 3, 4, 8,9. Bus, (phone number hidden).
30058	The studio consists of a main room , which has a double bed + a sofa that converts into a double bed. Ideal for 2 people , can sleep 2 more people in the sofa bed ( for a fee ) .  The studio has a separate kitchen ( fully equipped with fridge , oven, washing machine, Senseo coffee, kettle, tea , coffee pods, cooking plates etc ) , a bathroom with tub and toilet (( available to passengers : hairdryer , shower gel, shampoo, makeup remover, cotton, body cream, iron and ironing.) The apartment is on the 3rd floor (with lift), security and calm. The towels and linens are provided. The WIFI is included and free .	Nice Room 25m2 Any Comfort in a very lively area !  (Grand Rex, jamel comedy club,musée Grévin)  Easy access :Opéra,Châtelet Les Halles,Gare de l'est/Gare du Nord,Montmartre,Trocadero/Tour Eiffel,Champs Elysées. Equipped kitchen , bathroom with bath. One double-bed and one sofa-bed  of 1 to 4 people The studio consists of a main room , which has a double bed + a sofa that converts into a double bed. Ideal for 2 people , can sleep 2 more people in the sofa bed ( for a fee ) .  The studio has a separate kitchen ( fully equipped with fridge , oven, washing machine, Senseo coffee, kettle, tea , coffee pods, cooking plates etc ) , a bathroom with tub and toilet (( available to passengers : hairdryer , shower gel, shampoo, makeup remover, cotton, body cream, iron and ironing.) The apartment is on the 3rd floor (with lift), security and calm. The towels and linens are provided. The WIFI is included and free . Travelers have access to the entire studio and an empty closet at their disposal, wi
30059	"A small cozy, pleasant apartement for 3 persons with a small back yard and all the necessities for your stay in the center of Paris. Near the famous pedestrian street Montorgeuil in 2nd district, very close of Chatelet, Opera, Gallery Lafayette, you can visit Paris by foot.  The Metro is 100m from the apartement. In very calm street at night but very dynamic area, you ll leave like a real parisian with the many brasserie, bar and restaurant in the montorgeuil street. The flat is completely refurbish. the flat is composed with a double confortable bed in a mezzanine and a convertible sofa for the 3rd person. You'll find the neccessities to eat for three, a small kitchen with everything that you need for a short stay (hob, fridge, microwave...) for snacking between visits.  And a confortable bathroom, with shower, toilet and sink. Linen and Towels are provided. Internat and TV cable instaled.  A small terasse is at your disposal for taking your breakfasr or ""aperitif"" like a real parisia"	A small cozy, pleasent apartement for 3 persons with a back yard and all the necessities for your stay in the center of Paris. Near the famous pedestrian street Montorgeuil in the 2nd sistrict, very close of Chatelet, Opera Gallery Lafayette... A small cozy, pleasant apartement for 3 persons with a small back yard and all the necessities for your stay in the center of Paris. Near the famous pedestrian street Montorgeuil in 2nd district, very close of Chatelet, Opera, Gallery Lafayette, you can visit Paris by foot.  The Metro is 100m from the apartement. In very calm street at night but very dynamic area, you ll leave like a real parisian with the many brasserie, bar and restaurant in the montorgeuil street. The flat is completely refurbish. the flat is composed with a double confortable bed in a mezzanine and a convertible sofa for the 3rd person. You'll find the neccessities to eat for three, a small kitchen with everything that you need for a short stay (hob, fridge, microwave...) fo
30060		chambre très spacieuse style loft 40 m², grand lit  , salle de bain ouverte , sans fenêtre, au cœur de paris, quartier Montorgueil,  très  agréable,petite cour  dans résidence ?
30061	Parce les poutres du plafonds lui donne du caractère . Parce que l'espace proposé par l'énorme cuisine américaine répondra à vos rêves de grandeur culinaires. Parce que la chambre a des allures de suite nuptiales Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale artère commerçante. Des bistrots, des bars populaires, des primeurs, des bouchers , fromagers  et autres , se côtoient  de chaque côté de cette rue pavée. On s'y sent comme nulle part ailleurs à Paris. Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale artère commerçante. Des bistrots, des bars populaires, des primeurs, des bouchers , fromagers  et autres , se côtoient  de chaque côté de cette rue pavée. On s'y sent comme nulle part ailleurs à Paris. Vous avez directement accès à la ligne 3 du métro qui traverse Paris, et très proche de la station la plus grande de la capitale, châtelet Les Halles,là où quasiment toutes lignes convergent. C'est vraiment pratique ! Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale 	Parce les poutres du plafonds lui donne du caractère . Parce que l'espace proposé par l'énorme cuisine américaine répondra à vos rêves de grandeur culinaires. Parce que la chambre a des allures de suite nuptiales Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale artère commerçante. Des bistrots, des bars populaires, des primeurs, des bouchers , fromagers  et autres , se côtoient  de chaque côté de cette rue pavée. On s'y sent comme nulle part ailleurs à Paris. Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale artère commerçante. Des bistrots, des bars populaires, des primeurs, des bouchers , fromagers  et autres , se côtoient  de chaque côté de cette rue pavée. On s'y sent comme nulle part ailleurs à Paris. Vous avez directement accès à la ligne 3 du métro qui traverse Paris, et très proche de la station la plus grande de la capitale, châtelet Les Halles,là où quasiment toutes lignes convergent. C'est vraiment pratique ! Au cœur de Paris, la rue Montorgueil est sa principale 
30062	This apartment is located on the fourth floor (no lift) of a 19th century well-maintained walk-up building with concierge. The entry door is protected by a security system, the apartment faces a charming courtyard, it is southwest exposed.  	This charming 50m² one-bedroom with a double bed apartment is in the heart of the famous Montorgueil Area, with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and cafes. It is also in a short walking distance to main points of interest. This apartment is located on the fourth floor (no lift) of a 19th century well-maintained walk-up building with concierge. The entry door is protected by a security system, the apartment faces a charming courtyard, it is southwest exposed.  Connexion internet, washmachine. The kitchen is equipped with a small fridge, four gas burners, an electric oven and a toaster. Located between Rue Montorgueil and Rue Dussoubs, this charming 50m² one-bedroom apartment is in the heart of the famous Montorgueil Area, with its large choice of quality food products, restaurants and cafes, as well as other services. It is also in a short walking distance to main points of interest such as the Seine River, to the Notre Dame Cathedral on Ile de la Cité, to the uniq
30063	Description The studio (33sqm) has the typical charm of the old parisian buildings with its beams and high ceiling.  On 1th floor , it offers every comfort needed for 2-3 guests: - A mattress bed for 2 persons et a sofa bed for 2 persons.  - Unlimited internet access, a TV  - Fully equipped kitchen, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, kettle  - Bathroom with a shower bath, toilet and hair dryer  - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board Ideally located in the lively Rue Montorgeuil area, at less than 10mn walking to the Louvre museum and the Seine!  That very trendy (a very good shopping place!) and central part of Paris offers many out door cafés and restaurants, all amenities and fresh produces! Also walking distance : the centre pompidou, the Marais, the Opéra, the big stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), the Louvre at 10 minutes, and accross the Seine, you are in St.Germain! 3 subway stations: Étienne Marcel, Les Halles, ligne 4 and, Sentir, ligne 3  Direct 	Description The studio (33sqm) has the typical charm of the old parisian buildings with its beams and high ceiling.  On 1th floor , it offers every comfort needed for 2-3 guests: - A mattress bed for 2 persons et a sofa bed for 2 persons.  - Unlimited internet access, a TV  - Fully equipped kitchen, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, kettle  - Bathroom with a shower bath, toilet and hair dryer  - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board Ideally located in the lively Rue Montorgeuil area, at less than 10mn walking to the Louvre museum and the Seine!  That very trendy (a very good shopping place!) and central part of Paris offers many out door cafés and restaurants, all amenities and fresh produces! Also walking distance : the centre pompidou, the Marais, the Opéra, the big stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), the Louvre at 10 minutes, and accross the Seine, you are in St.Germain! 3 subway stations: Étienne Marcel, Les Halles, ligne 4 and, Sentir, ligne 3  Direct 
30064	You will be staying in a 60m2 apartment, perfectly located in the heart of Paris - 2nd district near  Richelieu-Drouot (line 8), Bourse (line 3), Galérie Vivienne - and just 5 minutes walk to Opera, 10 minutes by walk to Le Louvre and Tuileries gardens, 10 minutes to Palais Royal and rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré and all the luxury shops and hotels. The apartment is very nicely decorated. It is composed of :  - 2 bedrooms : 1 with double bed (queen size 160x200) and 1 room with single bed + 1 kid bed, a living room with TV opened on a dining space with a table for 6 people. Two people can also sleep on the brand new sofa! There is a large library, wooden floor and a typical parisian fireplace. - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with toilets inside. The apartment is all equiped: washer, Internet WiFi, TV, fridge, plus a view on Opera Comique.  Come and enjoy your stay in this nice area where everything is within walking distance. Towels and skarfs are provided - perfect for a couple	You will be staying in a 60m2 apartment, perfectly located in the heart of Paris - 2nd district near  Richelieu-Drouot (line 8), Bourse (line 3), Galérie Vivienne - and just 5 minutes walk to Opera, 10 minutes by walk to Le Louvre and Tuileries gardens, 10 minutes to Palais Royal and rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré and all the luxury shops and hotels. The apartment is very nicely decorated. It is composed of :  - 2 bedrooms : 1 with double bed (queen size 160x200) and 1 room with single bed + 1 kid bed, a living room with TV opened on a dining space with a table for 6 people. Two people can also sleep on the brand new sofa! There is a large library, wooden floor and a typical parisian fireplace. - a fully equiped kitchen  - a bathroom with toilets inside. The apartment is all equiped: washer, Internet WiFi, TV, fridge, plus a view on Opera Comique.  Come and enjoy your stay in this nice area where everything is within walking distance. Towels and skarfs are provided - perfect for a couple
30065	Beaucoup de charme pour ce petit nid sous les toits. L'appartement est comme l'immeuble, ancien donc un peu vétuste avec un petit air penché mais accueillant et très propre, ce qui explique ce petit prix pour un quartier si formidable.  Vous apprécierez son petit balcon et sa grande salle de bain.  Bouilloire thé et café soluble sont à votre disposition pour votre petit déjeuner à préparer vous même. Plusieurs Boulangeries à  proximité .	"Chambre accueillante  aux poutres apparentes  dans un immeuble ancien en plein cœur de Paris. Vous apprécierez son petit balcon, sa salle de bain spacieuse avec vue sur les toits. D'ici tout est à deux pas ! Opera, Tuileries, Grands boulevards, Musée du Louvre. Beaucoup de charme pour ce petit nid sous les toits. L'appartement est comme l'immeuble, ancien donc un peu vétuste avec un petit air penché mais accueillant et très propre, ce qui explique ce petit prix pour un quartier si formidable.  Vous apprécierez son petit balcon et sa grande salle de bain.  Bouilloire thé et café soluble sont à votre disposition pour votre petit déjeuner à préparer vous même. Plusieurs Boulangeries à  proximité . Montez au 4ème étage puis au bout du palier  à gauche prendre le petit escalier en bois c'est en haut à droite. Nous  vous accompagnerons.  Ascenseur déconseillé voir ""règlement intérieur"".  Chambre, salle de bain, petit balcon  Bouilloire thé café soluble pour votre petit déjeuner.  La machine "
30066	Great loft in the heart of Paris, with an unique view on the Sacré-Coeur and rooftops from one side and even the Eiffel Tower from the other side. We live to the 5th floor in a very cosy parisian building. The loft is close to main subway lines (8,9, 4) and is situated in the heart of Paris close to the Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) and to the Place de la République. Lots of great restaurants, bars, clubs, movie theaters and everything Paris has to offer. Close to the Les Halles which has lots of great shopping and boutiques so perfect for the shopaholic. NB: Please notice the elevator is out of service for the moment, we apologize for the inconvenience. 	Great loft in the heart of Paris, with an unique view on the Sacré-Coeur and rooftops from one side and even the Eiffel Tower from the other side. We live to the 5th floor in a very cosy parisian building. The loft is close to main subway lines (8,9, 4) and is situated in the heart of Paris close to the Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) and to the Place de la République. Lots of great restaurants, bars, clubs, movie theaters and everything Paris has to offer. Close to the Les Halles which has lots of great shopping and boutiques so perfect for the shopaholic. NB: Please notice the elevator is out of service for the moment, we apologize for the inconvenience. 
30067	Very sunny and quiet 2-room apartment of 50 square meters in the center of Paris with a bedroom, a dining room, a TV lounge (sofa, table, flat screen TV and Internet, radio, playstation), a kitchen (microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer), bathroom (shower and bath), separate toilet. The +: - A superb terrace of 5m2 overlooking the rooftops of Paris - Exposed beams giving a romantic novel - A lift to the 6th floor District: two steps from the Opera and the Galeries Lafayette, the Royal Palace, the lively Montorgueil and Etienne Marcel. Many restaurants, bars and shops. Transport: Metro 1, 3, 7, 8, 9, a few minutes walk.	Very sunny and quiet 2-room apartment of 50 square meters in the center of Paris with a bedroom, a dining room, a TV lounge (sofa, table, flat screen TV and Internet, radio, playstation), a kitchen (microwave, washing machine, dishwasher, fridge and freezer), bathroom (shower and bath), separate toilet. The +: - A superb terrace of 5m2 overlooking the rooftops of Paris - Exposed beams giving a romantic novel - A lift to the 6th floor District: two steps from the Opera and the Galeries Lafayette, the Royal Palace, the lively Montorgueil and Etienne Marcel. Many restaurants, bars and shops. Transport: Metro 1, 3, 7, 8, 9, a few minutes walk.
30068	De passage à Paris ? Au coeur du célèbre quartier du Sentier, un studio décoré avec goût vous ouvre ses portes. 17 mètres carrés avec une salle d'eau (douche, lavabo, WC), une petite cuisine toute équipée et une pièce principale (TV, canapé/lit, dressing, bibliothèque, …). Placé dans le 2eme arrondissement de la ville, vous serez proche de tout à pied : 5min du Centre Pompidou, 10min du Musée du Louvre, 3 min des Halles et de la fameuse rue Montorgueil, 2min des Grands Boulevards. Le logement est desservi par les lignes de métro 3, 4, 8, et 9. Il vous assurera calme et autonomie. Accès internet sans fil haut débit fibre.  Au coeur d'un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris : Le Sentier (Paris 2è)  Métros 4, 3, 8 et 9  Tous les RER aux Halles (5min à pied)	Beau petit studio en rez-de-chaussée sur cour en plein coeur de Paris, tout équipé et fonctionnel. De passage à Paris ? Au coeur du célèbre quartier du Sentier, un studio décoré avec goût vous ouvre ses portes. 17 mètres carrés avec une salle d'eau (douche, lavabo, WC), une petite cuisine toute équipée et une pièce principale (TV, canapé/lit, dressing, bibliothèque, …). Placé dans le 2eme arrondissement de la ville, vous serez proche de tout à pied : 5min du Centre Pompidou, 10min du Musée du Louvre, 3 min des Halles et de la fameuse rue Montorgueil, 2min des Grands Boulevards. Le logement est desservi par les lignes de métro 3, 4, 8, et 9. Il vous assurera calme et autonomie. Accès internet sans fil haut débit fibre.  Au coeur d'un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris : Le Sentier (Paris 2è)  Métros 4, 3, 8 et 9  Tous les RER aux Halles (5min à pied) Accès fibre internet sans fil, télévision d'Orange Habitant à quelques mètres de l'appartement je serai joignable et opérationnel tout au l
30069	This 55 square meter, 1-bedroom apartment (plus mezzanine) is located in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 18th century building.  It sleeps 4 and up to 6 people. Living/Dining room: As the door opens to this chic Parisian apartment, the eye is automatically drawn up to the 3-meter high ceilings, complementing a 39-square-meter open room.  This combination of high ceilings and open space, make for a lofty, airy living/dining area.  Four, two and half meter-high, wide windows line this room and flood it with natural sunlight throughout the day.  These windows are double-paned to keep out the little noise coming from the pedestrian street below, for a calm atmosphere and a good night’s sleep.   Stripped down to the essentials for the latest in chic Parisian design, this apartment has white walls and uses its 18th-century brute materials as natural decoration, with an open-rock wall, and original beams in the ceiling, dating from the time of construction and where the s	Beautiful light design apartment, with high ceilings and exposed beams, located in the heart of the city within walking distance to all major monuments.    This 55 square meter, 1-bedroom apartment (plus mezzanine) is located in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 18th century building.  It sleeps 4 and up to 6 people. Living/Dining room: As the door opens to this chic Parisian apartment, the eye is automatically drawn up to the 3-meter high ceilings, complementing a 39-square-meter open room.  This combination of high ceilings and open space, make for a lofty, airy living/dining area.  Four, two and half meter-high, wide windows line this room and flood it with natural sunlight throughout the day.  These windows are double-paned to keep out the little noise coming from the pedestrian street below, for a calm atmosphere and a good night’s sleep.   Stripped down to the essentials for the latest in chic Parisian design, this apartment has white walls and uses its 18th-ce
30070	Big studio of 33 m² very luminous and spacious with little kitchen and suitable bathroom fully furnished , TV with screen of 124 cm with DVD reader, Wifi connection free and secures, fridge, washing machine, micro wave oven, coffee machine, dishes and sofa bed of 2 places. Very good location in the heart of Paris, in a historical, calm and typically parisian street in front of a charming square Its location, in one of the the most prestigious headquarters of parisians at 2 steps walk from the comédie française, Louvre and Opéra , jardin des Tuileries, place de la concorde, Champs Élysées. All the facilities are accessible by feet, shopping, museums, and 5 minutes walk from the nearest metro and the quais de la Seine We will be on place to welcome you and will stay at your disposal for any more information.  Pets are accepted and smoking is prohibited inside the flat and in the building.	Big studio of 33 m² very luminous and spacious with little kitchen and suitable bathroom fully furnished , TV with screen of 124 cm with DVD reader, Wifi connection free and secures, fridge, washing machine, micro wave oven, coffee machine, dishes and sofa bed of 2 places. Very good location in the heart of Paris, in a historical, calm and typically parisian street in front of a charming square Its location, in one of the the most prestigious headquarters of parisians at 2 steps walk from the comédie française, Louvre and Opéra , jardin des Tuileries, place de la concorde, Champs Élysées. All the facilities are accessible by feet, shopping, museums, and 5 minutes walk from the nearest metro and the quais de la Seine We will be on place to welcome you and will stay at your disposal for any more information.  Pets are accepted and smoking is prohibited inside the flat and in the building.
30071	This apartment is situated on a buzzing little Parisian street in the central bourse district around the corner from Victoire ‘ s square. The 2sd arrondissement district is characterised by pretty Parisian buildings and is home to Paris bourse, or stock exchange and the National Library. This central and tranquil area boasts mmany antique stores , the passage Vivienne, with boutiques and terrace cafés, and the famed food market at rue Montorgueil , well knoun by Paris’ trendy crowds. You ll be at short walk from the famous Louvre museum and the tuileries gardens and close also to the marais district ( 03) This spacious furnished apartment decorated in a white and grey tones consists of : - a large living room with a sofabed for 2 persons, - a dining area - a bedroom area in duplex with a double bed - a fully equipped kitchen - a bathroom with a bath tub - wc Bedlinen and towels are provided Metro station : bourse, Louvre rivoli 	This apartment is situated on a buzzing little Parisian street in the central bourse district around the corner from Victoire ‘ s square. The 2sd arrondissement district is characterised by pretty Parisian buildings and is home to Paris bourse, or stock exchange and the National Library. This central and tranquil area boasts mmany antique stores , the passage Vivienne, with boutiques and terrace cafés, and the famed food market at rue Montorgueil , well knoun by Paris’ trendy crowds. You ll be at short walk from the famous Louvre museum and the tuileries gardens and close also to the marais district ( 03) This spacious furnished apartment decorated in a white and grey tones consists of : - a large living room with a sofabed for 2 persons, - a dining area - a bedroom area in duplex with a double bed - a fully equipped kitchen - a bathroom with a bath tub - wc Bedlinen and towels are provided Metro station : bourse, Louvre rivoli 
30072	Logement est petit mais cosy. Il a été refait entièrement par un architecte d'intérieur, et malgré sa petite surface parisienne vous bénéficierez d'un vrai lit deux place en mezzanine, d'une douche à l'italienne, et d'un dressing. 	Logement idéalement placé entre  Louvre et Opéra. Rue spécialisée dans les restaurants Japonais, vous serez à 10mn à pied de Châtelet, quartier Montorgueil, jardin des tuileries, Louvre, Opéra. Logement est petit mais cosy. Il a été refait entièrement par un architecte d'intérieur, et malgré sa petite surface parisienne vous bénéficierez d'un vrai lit deux place en mezzanine, d'une douche à l'italienne, et d'un dressing. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble du studio. Ideal pour tourisme, car en plein coeur de Paris A proximité des métro: 1,3,7,14. Une demie heure de Gare de Lyon, 5mn du Louvre.
30073	This little loft is an artwork by itself, created by a brilliant architect. In concern of the detail, it offers luxury comfort in an unexpected atmosphere, somewhere in between colonial touch and contemporary mood: the result is fascinating. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, between the Montorgueil area which is famous for its restaurants of different styles, its typical shops (butcher's shop, fishmonger's shop, bakery...), its beautiful market twice a week ; and the very fancy Etienne Marcel area with all its fashion boutiques. A perfect place to enjoy the glamourous Parisian life in all its charming pedestrian streets, one more fascinating than the next with numerous activities and possibilities to go out like theaters, concert halls, museums, art galleries... This luxury little loft offers great comfort et provides with all facilities : fitted kitchen, high speed internet, free international phone calls to any country, TV with many international channels, music, books.	This little loft is an artwork by itself, created by a brilliant architect. In concern of the detail, it offers luxury comfort in an unexpected atmosphere, somewhere in between colonial touch and contemporary mood: the result is fascinating. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris, between the Montorgueil area which is famous for its restaurants of different styles, its typical shops (butcher's shop, fishmonger's shop, bakery...), its beautiful market twice a week ; and the very fancy Etienne Marcel area with all its fashion boutiques. A perfect place to enjoy the glamourous Parisian life in all its charming pedestrian streets, one more fascinating than the next with numerous activities and possibilities to go out like theaters, concert halls, museums, art galleries... This luxury little loft offers great comfort et provides with all facilities : fitted kitchen, high speed internet, free international phone calls to any country, TV with many international channels, music, books.
30074	If you're looking for an Airbnb to replicate a hotel experience, this isn't the place for you. But if you're looking for a comfortable, quiet room in a nice neighborhood with open check in and check out time, our place is yours! Located in Montmartre, 3 minutes walking distance from Sacré-Coeur, the apartment is located in a quiet street. The room that we offer, overlooks the courtyard, in a calm and relax setting. At the heart of Montmartre, the neighbourhood is welcoming and typically Parisian, with a lot of cafés and restaurants. Although a few minutes from Sacré-Coeur, it is off the tourist main track. You will be very close to all the tourist attractions: 20 minutes from Notre Dame, 25 minutes from the Louvre and 15 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg. You will be in a walking distance for all transportation and utilities needed for your stay. This apartment is an ideal base to visit Paris, is close to the arrivals points such as airports and train stations. The bedroom has a queen 	If you're looking for an Airbnb to replicate a hotel experience, this isn't the place for you. But if you're looking for a comfortable, quiet room in a nice neighborhood with open check in and check out time, our place is yours! Located in Montmartre, 3 minutes walking distance from Sacré-Coeur, the apartment is located in a quiet street. The room that we offer, overlooks the courtyard, in a calm and relax setting. At the heart of Montmartre, the neighbourhood is welcoming and typically Parisian, with a lot of cafés and restaurants. Although a few minutes from Sacré-Coeur, it is off the tourist main track. You will be very close to all the tourist attractions: 20 minutes from Notre Dame, 25 minutes from the Louvre and 15 minutes from Chatelet / Beaubourg. You will be in a walking distance for all transportation and utilities needed for your stay. This apartment is an ideal base to visit Paris, is close to the arrivals points such as airports and train stations. The bedroom has a queen 
30075	Between Place des Abbesses and the Basilica of the Sacred-Heart, the apartment is conveniently located in Montmartre.  3rd floor, south-facing and fully renovated, the apartment is very nice and bright.  Your room has a double bed, a wardrobe and shelves. The window with double glazing and blackout curtains overlooking a quiet courtyard.	"Room in sunny flat, 3rd floor, very clear and without overlooked.  In the heart of Montmartre, between Place des Abbesses (100m) and the Sacred-Heart (300m), 2 steps from the shop of ""Amélie"" (100m). Between Place des Abbesses and the Basilica of the Sacred-Heart, the apartment is conveniently located in Montmartre.  3rd floor, south-facing and fully renovated, the apartment is very nice and bright.  Your room has a double bed, a wardrobe and shelves. The window with double glazing and blackout curtains overlooking a quiet courtyard. Your room and bathroom are totally private.  We share the living room and fitted kitchen.  My room and bathroom are separate, on the other side of the flat. Freelancer, I am often available at home and happy for any information about Montmartre and Paris. For some periods of travel I will arrange to give you any information available. On a hill overlooking the city, Montmartre is the most beautiful ""village"" of Paris. Tourists and citizens mingle walking t"
30076	Appartement ancien de 95m2 type haussmanien (parquet, moulures, belle hauteur de plafond, pièces de grands volumes). Les voyageurs disposent d'un espace d'environ 45m2 meublé : une grande chambre, une pièce dressing et un grand salon (1 lit pour deux personnes, 1 commode, 1 armoire, 1 bibliothèque, 1 canapé-lit pour 2 personnes, chaises et fauteuils, un grand bureau, draps, couettes et oreillers fournis. Je peux aussi fournir des serviettes de bain). 	Grand appartement type haussmanien situé à 10mn à pied du Sacré Coeur.  Je loue une chambre double  + 1 salon meublés. Sortie et accès aux pièces communes indépendamment des pièces que j'occupe. Très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Appartement ancien de 95m2 type haussmanien (parquet, moulures, belle hauteur de plafond, pièces de grands volumes). Les voyageurs disposent d'un espace d'environ 45m2 meublé : une grande chambre, une pièce dressing et un grand salon (1 lit pour deux personnes, 1 commode, 1 armoire, 1 bibliothèque, 1 canapé-lit pour 2 personnes, chaises et fauteuils, un grand bureau, draps, couettes et oreillers fournis. Je peux aussi fournir des serviettes de bain). Ce grand espace dédié aux voyageurs a une sortie et un accès aux pièces communes (cuisine, salle de bain, toilettes) indépendamment des autres pièces que j'occupe. La cuisine équipée est à leur disposition pour le petit-déjeuner et pour d'autres repas. Je parle anglais couramment pour avoir vécu 4 an
30077	Je loue la partie supérieure d'un duplex juste sous la butte Montmartre. À deux minutes de l'arrêt de métro abesses et à 5 minutes du métro Anvers. Le duplex est très éclairé, une fenêtre de chaque côté de l'étage, très calme, avec peu de passants de ce côté de Montmartre. L'étage fait 35 mètres carrés avec une pièce salon/chambre une petite partie salle à manger et la cuisine au fond. La cuisine est tout équipée à l'exception du four, mais permet de cuisiner de façon optimale. La salle à manger est très agréable et donne sur une petite cour. La chambre contient un canapé lit et des rangements pour les vêtements et autres objets. Dans la partie inférieure du duplex se situent une autre possibilité de rangements, la salle de bain, les toilettes (séparées) et la chambre de ma collocatrice. La salle de bain est relativement grande avec une douche multijets et de nombreux tiroirs pour vos trousses de toilettes.	Duplex juste en dessous de la bute Montmartre, grande salle très agréable pour dormir, très calme avec des commerces aux alentours en plein coeur de Paris Je loue la partie supérieure d'un duplex juste sous la butte Montmartre. À deux minutes de l'arrêt de métro abesses et à 5 minutes du métro Anvers. Le duplex est très éclairé, une fenêtre de chaque côté de l'étage, très calme, avec peu de passants de ce côté de Montmartre. L'étage fait 35 mètres carrés avec une pièce salon/chambre une petite partie salle à manger et la cuisine au fond. La cuisine est tout équipée à l'exception du four, mais permet de cuisiner de façon optimale. La salle à manger est très agréable et donne sur une petite cour. La chambre contient un canapé lit et des rangements pour les vêtements et autres objets. Dans la partie inférieure du duplex se situent une autre possibilité de rangements, la salle de bain, les toilettes (séparées) et la chambre de ma collocatrice. La salle de bain est relativement grande avec 
30078	"Near Montmartre, Sacred Heart , Pigalle (Metro Marcadet Fishmonger, metro lines 4 and 12 and bus 60 31 : a nice little room (9m2 ) in a large 80m2 apartment on the 5th floor. Secure building with an entry code , intercom and a code in the elevator) In a ""popular"" and famous area la ""Goutte d'or"" ( cosmopolitan , exotic, lively, many African and Indian businesses : textiles, restaurants and exotic. Many more traditional markets closer to home . The kitchen , bathroom and toilet are shared with your host. You can have the kitchen for all meals provided to leave the premises clean and tidy ! You will find all the shops nearby ( 30 meters Franprix , Carrefour Market 100 meters ... ) . Wi -fi . You can go cycling ( Vélib ! ) In 10 minutes at the Parc des Buttes- Chaumonts , the Villette , CENTQUATRE ... Metro lines are very practical and will get you almost anywhere in Paris directly (Opera , Louvre , Grands Boulevards , Chatelet les Halles , St Michel , Concorde etc . ) Or correspondence ("	"Near Montmartre, Sacred Heart , Pigalle (Metro Marcadet Fishmonger, metro lines 4 and 12 and bus 60 31 : a nice little room (9m2 ) in a large 80m2 apartment on the 5th floor. Secure building with an entry code , intercom and a code in the elevator) In a ""popular"" and famous area la ""Goutte d'or"" ( cosmopolitan , exotic, lively, many African and Indian businesses : textiles, restaurants and exotic. Many more traditional markets closer to home . The kitchen , bathroom and toilet are shared with your host. You can have the kitchen for all meals provided to leave the premises clean and tidy ! You will find all the shops nearby ( 30 meters Franprix , Carrefour Market 100 meters ... ) . Wi -fi . You can go cycling ( Vélib ! ) In 10 minutes at the Parc des Buttes- Chaumonts , the Villette , CENTQUATRE ... Metro lines are very practical and will get you almost anywhere in Paris directly (Opera , Louvre , Grands Boulevards , Chatelet les Halles , St Michel , Concorde etc . ) Or correspondence ("
30079	I offer you to stay at my place when I am not home. My room is located behind the butte Montmartre, 10 minutes from Sacré-Coeur and 2 minutes from the metro line 4 that crosses Paris from North to South, very practical to go everywhere. A lot of cheap supermarkets in the neighborhood, and the market on the boulevard takes place every tuesday, friday and sunday.  Here you'll have your own private room. At the opposite side of the apartment there is an other room occupied by Aude, my roommate. There is a 2 places bed, a table and some space to put your stuff. It is for 2 people maximum! The apartment is very practical so you can freely access the bathroom and the kitchen, where you can use anything you want, like the washing-machine or the hair dryer. You also have a free Wifi access (possibly Ethernet if needed). There is a small elevator like everywhere in old parisian buildings, very typical : don't be afraid, it works fine! Clean sheets and towels are at disposal. Please don't forget	Simple and cozy room, located at the top of a typical Parisian building, close to the metro, the market and all the shops, and ten minutes from the Sacré Coeur, the highest point of Montmartre, and the famous flea-marlet, the Puces de Saint Ouen. I offer you to stay at my place when I am not home. My room is located behind the butte Montmartre, 10 minutes from Sacré-Coeur and 2 minutes from the metro line 4 that crosses Paris from North to South, very practical to go everywhere. A lot of cheap supermarkets in the neighborhood, and the market on the boulevard takes place every tuesday, friday and sunday.  Here you'll have your own private room. At the opposite side of the apartment there is an other room occupied by Aude, my roommate. There is a 2 places bed, a table and some space to put your stuff. It is for 2 people maximum! The apartment is very practical so you can freely access the bathroom and the kitchen, where you can use anything you want, like the washing-machine or the hair 
30080	(If this bedroom is already booked, you can check the other one: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1401724) You will be staying in the apartment I also live in (we will be cohabiting in a totally independent manner, both at the opposite of the apartment, with autonomous sanitary amenities). This flat, of about 100 m², was professionally decorated in a very elegant and typical Parisian manner with furniture and items of family, or clouded in brocante and antique. The global design is modernized by a few more contemporary touches. It used to be 2 apartments, now linked by the living room. The 2 separate entrances have been kept. One of them gives access to a corridor that serve the 2 bedrooms for rent (which can be booked together or separately), a dressing room (which also isolates perfectly well the 2 bedrooms), a shower room and separate toilets which are shared by the 2 bedrooms. The part I live in is at the other side of the flat and runs independently.  The whole apartment looks onto the	"In an authentic XIXth century Parisian ""carved stone"" building, flat with a stylish and typical ancient French decoration style, many beautiful antiques. Located in the called “Little Africa” of Paris, in its gentrification turn, and right down Montmartre (7 min from the Sacré Coeur cathedral) Entirely renovated 2 years ago, modern equipments. Very well connected with public transportation (10 min walk from Gare du Nord) (If this bedroom is already booked, you can check the other one: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/1401724) You will be staying in the apartment I also live in (we will be cohabiting in a totally independent manner, both at the opposite of the apartment, with autonomous sanitary amenities). This flat, of about 100 m², was professionally decorated in a very elegant and typical Parisian manner with furniture and items of family, or clouded in brocante and antique. The global design is modernized by a few more contemporary touches. It used to be 2 apartments, now linked by the "
30081	La vue sur Montmartre depuis le balcon et le salon est imprenable. Le soir éclairé, le sacre cœur est splendide. De l'autre côté de l'appartement il y a une voie ferrée. Mais jusqu'à présent le bruit ne dérange pas. Attention nous avons un chat rigolo.	Dans un appartement très lumineux refait à neuf il y a 8 mois.  Balcon et salon avec vue sur Montmartre. Cuisine équipée et séparée.  WC séparés, salle de bain baignoire.  Lit en 160cm.  Metro 4 et 12 en bas de résidence. La vue sur Montmartre depuis le balcon et le salon est imprenable. Le soir éclairé, le sacre cœur est splendide. De l'autre côté de l'appartement il y a une voie ferrée. Mais jusqu'à présent le bruit ne dérange pas. Attention nous avons un chat rigolo. Cuisine/ salle de bain/WC/ salon /balcon Quartier vivant, avec deux lignes le métro très pratiques la 4 et la 12  Arrêt Marcadet-poissonnier. Quartier africain de Paris, animé toute la journée, mais la résidence est dans un parc au calme. Ce n'est pas le quartier le plus central de Paris mais il y a de nombreux moyen de transport. 15 min en metro de Châtelet (point central de Paris) L'appartement est situé à 15 minutes en marchant de Montmartre. Il y a néanmoins une voie ferrée qui passe derrière l'immeuble Deux lignes 
30082	The room has a private bathroom with toilet.	Well located in the 18th district of Paris, metro Simplon (Line 4) or Jules-Joffrin (line 12) and 15 minutes walk to Montmartre. The room has a private bathroom with toilet. The guests are welcome to use a sharing kitchen and a large Balcony. I live in the flat beside and I will enjoy to help you in order to appreciate your stay in Paris. Bakery just downstair Supermarket at 50 meters Public Swimming pool at 150 meters Metro Simplon line 4, (3min) Jules-Joffrin line 12, (8min) Airport : Charles de Gaulle ~ 1 hour Orly  ~ 1h15min Train station : Gare du nord 10 min Gare de l'Est  12 min Gare de Lyon 35 min Touristic attraction : Montmartre 15 min by walk  Notre dame 20 min Eiffel Tower 35 min Louvre Museum 25 min Pompidou Museum 25 min Champs Elysee 30 min Catacombes 30 min
30083	Notre appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1871 rénové. Il dispose d'un balcon et vous offrira la vie du 19e siècle à Paris avec le confort d'aujourd'hui... Les chambres disposent de lits deux places confortables et de quelques espaces pour vos affaires.	Notre charmant 4 pièces se trouve au coeur d'un quartier vivant et populaire du 18 ème arrondissement... À la croisée des lignes 2, 4 et 12 du métro, vous pourrez aussi facilement vous déplacer à pied (15 mins de Montmartre, 10 mins de Gare du Nord) Notre appartement se situe au deuxième étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1871 rénové. Il dispose d'un balcon et vous offrira la vie du 19e siècle à Paris avec le confort d'aujourd'hui... Les chambres disposent de lits deux places confortables et de quelques espaces pour vos affaires. Notre appartement est complètement équipé, vous aurez accès à notre cuisine, internet en Wifi, notre vidéoprojecteur, notre collection de films... Nous serons là pour vous accueillir et au moment de votre départ. La Goutte d'or est un quartier populaire et riche en histoire: le Paris d'Émile Zola (Lieu de l'intrigue de l'Assommoir), de Bashung... Un des rares quartiers où l'on trouve encore des jardins de ville! Si vous souhaitez découvrir un autre Paris,
30084	La stanza è in una collocation(appartamento condiviso)con tutti i comfort: cucina, sala da bagno, toilette,internet wifii, con in più altre comodità in stanza(minifrigo,forno a microonde,bollitore d'acqua).Ottima per due persone,é situata nel quartiere La Chapelle,quartiere più economico di Parigi e molto movimentato,a due minuti dalla metro linea 2 e a soli 5 minuti a piedi da altre stazioni metro,noncé a 5 minuti a piedi dalla stazione Gare du Nord.A soli 5 minuti a piedi da Montmartre, in un quartiere caratteristico e multietnico(il 18esimo) e vicino ai quartieri più giovanili e vitali di Parigi. The room is in a shared apartment with all comforts kitchen, bathroom, toilet, internet wifii, with other conveniences in the room(microwave, minifrigo, water's boiler). Perfect for two people, it's placed in the district La Chapelle, the most economic quartier in Paris and very animated, that it's two minutes by foot from the metro line 2 and 5 minutes by foot to the other metro station, i	La stanza è in una collocation(appartamento condiviso)con tutti i comfort: cucina, sala da bagno, toilette,internet wifii, con in più altre comodità in stanza(minifrigo,forno a microonde,bollitore d'acqua).Ottima per due persone,é situata nel quartiere La Chapelle,quartiere più economico di Parigi e molto movimentato,a due minuti dalla metro linea 2 e a soli 5 minuti a piedi da altre stazioni metro,noncé a 5 minuti a piedi dalla stazione Gare du Nord.A soli 5 minuti a piedi da Montmartre, in un quartiere caratteristico e multietnico(il 18esimo) e vicino ai quartieri più giovanili e vitali di Parigi. The room is in a shared apartment with all comforts kitchen, bathroom, toilet, internet wifii, with other conveniences in the room(microwave, minifrigo, water's boiler). Perfect for two people, it's placed in the district La Chapelle, the most economic quartier in Paris and very animated, that it's two minutes by foot from the metro line 2 and 5 minutes by foot to the other metro station, i
30085		Independent bedroom with bathroom. Access throw a large library entrance. Very quiet, private yard with plants. Charm of the old typical Parisian apartments. (Fridge, oven, kettle available). Near Montmartre. This is a popular area which suffers wrongly old bad reputation. The reality is quite different, many artists live here and are in love. This area is changing very fast, next craft shops and quaint boutiques new African fabrics, design, organic products open daily. One of the best coffee roaster in Paris, Café Lomi is always filled with people who do not hesitate to cross the city and right next to a small restaurant artisanal tofu Tofu all appreciated by connoisseurs. The new art and culture of Islam Centre has been inaugurated with interesting exhibitions. Piazza San Bruno embellished and is a nice place for a coffee in the sun. Restaurants tagines and couscous La Vie en Rose and The Three Brothers deemed worth seeing and bakery Timbely also I think ... And I almost forgot the m
30086	your bedroom in my apartment has a view on a garden and on le Chateau des Brouillard. It is very calm, warmfull and colored.	I propose you to stay in one room of my appartment wich is located in the heart of a very calm, famous and pittoresque district of Paris. After a tiring day in the tumult of the town, you arrive in a quiet house like in the country side.  your bedroom in my apartment has a view on a garden and on le Chateau des Brouillard. It is very calm, warmfull and colored. You have access to a very lovely bathroom with bath, to separate toilets. You may use micro-ondes , frigidaire and boiling water in the kitchen. And have breakfast with me in the living room or in the kitchen. I hope to have a good relation with my guests. I love the beautiful streets very colored, the atmosphere of a village, and the history of so many famous  artists who lived there. You have the metro n° 12, Lamarck or Abesses, the Bus n° 80 and the Montmartrobus that stops just in front of my house.
30087	Aménagées dans les anciennes écuries de Verlaine où il accueillit Arthur Rimbaud, la maison se trouve à 10 mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur. En arrière cour, elle est très calme et très claire. Nous proposons au total 2 chambres doubles avec chacune douche et WC. La campagne à Paris !  Site historique au Coeur de Montmartre. Avec hammam.   Nombreux restos et bars alentour.  Super calme.  Très bien connecté : 20' de Châtelet. 45' de Roissy. GAY FRIENDLY ! Accès à la cuisine, au salon salle à manger, au hammam, à la machine à laver, etc internet illimité et appels gratuits partout dans le monde (ou presque). Nous sommes très occupés mais nous nous rendrons disponibles autant que nécessaire. Metro : Ligne 12 : Lamarck Caulaincourt  Ligne 4 château Rouge 2 stations de Gare du Nord	Aménagées dans les anciennes écuries de Verlaine où il accueillit Arthur Rimbaud, la maison se trouve à 10 mn à pieds du Sacré Coeur. En arrière cour, elle est très calme et très claire. Nous proposons au total 2 chambres doubles avec chacune douche et WC.
30088		Chambre calme de style XIXe (canapé lit deux places très confortable) de 15 m² adjacent à une petite cuisine avec douche,le tout au rez-de-chaussée d'un immeuble XIXe dans le quartier typique de Montmartre Commerces de bouches de très grande qualité.
30089		2 rooms (on 3) are available in this spacious modern flat located between Montmartre and Barbes. My flatmates are abroad so you can come replace them during your stay :)
30090	Charmant 2 pièces au coeur du quartier Montmartre, au dessus d'une des meilleurs pizzeria de Paris, un quartier animée avec plein de jolies boutiques où chacun trouvera son bonheur !  Et pour les connaisseur à 2 pas du cabaret de Michou ! 	Charmant 2 pièces au coeur du quartier Montmartre, au dessus d'une des meilleurs pizzeria de Paris, un quartier animée avec plein de jolies boutiques où chacun trouvera son bonheur !  Et pour les connaisseur à 2 pas du cabaret de Michou !  Au salon avec 1 canapé convertible en lit double et sa cuisine américaine toute équipée et bien sûr la salle de bain & WC & 1 chambre avec un lit double. Une indépendance totale  A souhait !  Les restaurants, les petits bars du quartier, les boutiques, le côté village et tout son charme inexplicable !  Métro 12 : Abbesses Métro 2 : Pigalle ou Anvers  Vélib ou bus à 2 pas  Selon les dates : appartement en entier ou chambre privée (avec cuisine & salle de bain)
30091		Appartement 2 pièces situé au pied du Sacré Coeur, métro Lamarck Caulaincourt.  cuisine américaine, salon / salle à manger, chambre, salle de bain, WC séparé. 4eme étage avec ascenseur dans immeuble typique montmartrois. 400 mètres du Sacré Coeur.  
30092	Very very pretty flat with both African, Asian and unpretentious French furniture. It is a typical 5th-floor Haussmann building apartment, very bright with a balcony that runs along the flat. Outside your window you have a view of the beautiful Sacré Cœur basilica. You will be sharing with my very friendly housemate. Since this is an Haussmann epoca building, walls are very thin, and the two rooms being located next to each other, we don't accept couples! We hope you understand :) You will share the bathroom with us.	"This is the best flat to live a new Parisian experience: a few minutes away from the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre, but so remote by the atmosphere. The flat is located in ""La Goutte d'Or"" 'the Golden Drop', or ""Little Africa"". * No couples, sorry! * Very very pretty flat with both African, Asian and unpretentious French furniture. It is a typical 5th-floor Haussmann building apartment, very bright with a balcony that runs along the flat. Outside your window you have a view of the beautiful Sacré Cœur basilica. You will be sharing with my very friendly housemate. Since this is an Haussmann epoca building, walls are very thin, and the two rooms being located next to each other, we don't accept couples! We hope you understand :) You will share the bathroom with us. Kitchen, bathroom and room! If I am not lost in the jungle, I'll always give you advice and tips on how to enjoy the neighborhood at its best. Quartier vivant et cosmopolite du 18e arrondissement.  2 bars juste en bas de la maiso"
30093	"Large bright room with private bathroom. You can't be closer to Montmartre!! A warm and lively neighborhood. 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" and 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord (ten minutes walk too). Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4. The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine also available. Wardrobe also available to store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) straight in front of the building. There's everything you need in the neighbor : different kind of pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till 22h30 in the ground floor of the building. This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! ABOUT THE DEPOSIT : ABOUT THE DEPOSIT : We never hold the deposit. It won't actually be taken"	"Large bright room with private bathroom. You can't be closer to Montmartre!! A warm and lively neighborhood. 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" and 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord (ten minutes walk too). Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4. The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine also available. Wardrobe also available to store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) straight in front of the building. There's everything you need in the neighbor : different kind of pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till 22h30 in the ground floor of the building. This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! ABOUT THE DEPOSIT : ABOUT THE DEPOSIT : We never hold the deposit. It won't actually be taken"
30094	Un grand appartement à paris de 100m2,  en face du métro. Un style décalé, artistique, écologique, cinématographique.  Il y a 2 salle de bain, un grand salon, une cuisine, une salle à mangé, 3 chambres. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion Internet wifi.   Dans la chambre vous disposé d'un grand lit double, un dock  pour charger votre téléphone (Iphone 5, 5s, 6, 6plus).  Une table basse, un pouf, une chaise, une commode pour ranger vos affaires, une imprimante. Nous sommes 2 colocataires à vivre dans l'appartement. Nous avons chacun notre chambre. Je peux vous accueillir avant 12h où à partir de 20h du lundi au vendredi. Et le weekend à n'importe quelle heure. Pas loin de la Garde du Nord	Magnifique chambre, dans un grand appartement Parisien en face du métro.    Un grand appartement à paris de 100m2,  en face du métro. Un style décalé, artistique, écologique, cinématographique.  Il y a 2 salle de bain, un grand salon, une cuisine, une salle à mangé, 3 chambres. L'appartement dispose d'une connexion Internet wifi.   Dans la chambre vous disposé d'un grand lit double, un dock  pour charger votre téléphone (Iphone 5, 5s, 6, 6plus).  Une table basse, un pouf, une chaise, une commode pour ranger vos affaires, une imprimante. Nous sommes 2 colocataires à vivre dans l'appartement. Nous avons chacun notre chambre. Je peux vous accueillir avant 12h où à partir de 20h du lundi au vendredi. Et le weekend à n'importe quelle heure. Pas loin de la Garde du Nord Vous avez accès à toutes les parties communes de l'appartement. Dans la cuisine vous pouvez également préparer vos repas (Réfrigérateur, cuisinière, grille pain, bouilloire...). Café offert :) Je peux également échanger des i
30095	L'appartement a une décoration raffinée  (très cosy) ambiance chaleureuse. La chambre est très agréable, confortable, lumineuse, avec dressing, salle de bains attenante et balcon véranda avec vue directe sur les toits de Paris et le Sacré-Coeur. Le tout séparé par 2 portes du reste de l'appartement, pour préserver votre intimité. Le lit est très confortable avec de bons oreillers moelleux. Le petit déjeuner à la française est inclus dans le prix ainsi que les draps et serviette de toilette.	Découvrez le charme de Montmartre,  vue directe sur Sacré Coeur et toits de Paris. Quartier très animé,  restaurants, commerces, marchés, métro à 3 minutes. Chambre privée, luxueusement décorée lumineuse, très confortable. Ambiance conviviale. L'appartement a une décoration raffinée  (très cosy) ambiance chaleureuse. La chambre est très agréable, confortable, lumineuse, avec dressing, salle de bains attenante et balcon véranda avec vue directe sur les toits de Paris et le Sacré-Coeur. Le tout séparé par 2 portes du reste de l'appartement, pour préserver votre intimité. Le lit est très confortable avec de bons oreillers moelleux. Le petit déjeuner à la française est inclus dans le prix ainsi que les draps et serviette de toilette. Bien sûr vous avez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement, cuisine et living- room pour préparer et prendre vos repas. Vous pourrez vous relaxer dans le living et profiter de la vue sur le Sacré-Coeur. votre chambre possède une TV et un accès Wi-Fi  que je partag
30096	Nice and lovely double bedroom in a big apartment of 100 sqm, just down the Sacre Cœur ( métro Anvers or Abbesses).  You have your own room and bathroom aside, so you have your privacy, with a nice view on the Sacre Coeur from the balcony :)  A cleaning lady comes every week .  We are two sisters, passionate about travel and meeting new nice people; we also love Paris and are always happy to give you all of our tips and must do in the city :)	Private bedroom and bathroom in a big apartment (100 sqm) with an amazing view. Very close to the Sacré Coeur (metro Anvers or Abbesse), this flat is ideally located. 3 min away from the bus and metro stations. Lovely and safe neighbourhood. Nice and lovely double bedroom in a big apartment of 100 sqm, just down the Sacre Cœur ( métro Anvers or Abbesses).  You have your own room and bathroom aside, so you have your privacy, with a nice view on the Sacre Coeur from the balcony :)  A cleaning lady comes every week .  We are two sisters, passionate about travel and meeting new nice people; we also love Paris and are always happy to give you all of our tips and must do in the city :) You have your room and bathroom. You have access to a laundry machine in the kitchen ! We travelled all around the globe, we visited almost every country in the world and met amazing people, who definitely improved our stay each time. We are more than happy to do the same with our visitors and make your stay a
30097	The luxury of space - this master bedroom with double bed adjoins my little art gallery on the rue des Abbesses, one of Montmartre's most desirable streets. Closet space, private bath, free wifi, plus a 10% on any art purchase and the possibility of touring a Parisian artist's studio. 	The luxury of space - this master bedroom with double bed adjoins my little art gallery on the rue des Abbesses, one of Montmartre's most desirable streets. Closet space, private bath, free wifi, plus a 10% on any art purchase and the possibility of touring a Parisian artist's studio. I serve breakfast when you get up and am happy to help you out with logistics for the day.
30098		A very nice and quiet room with a double bad and a signe extra bed.  Pigalle is a very living quarter where you could enjoy the parisian life with restaurants and bars...  But, the appartment is very quiet.  Station Pigalle, Line 2 or 12. 
30099	"It is a simple room with bed, desk and closet.  The bathroom is shared with me and it is a third floor walkup (that is, counting the ground floor as ""zero"" the European way...or fourth floor American-style.)  Otherwise, breakfast in the morning, a reliable wifi connection, and all the help I can give you to make your stay in Paris memorable.  See also the main guest bedroom I offer in the same apartment: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7396"	"A double bed on a quiet courtyard in the back of a big Parisian apartment.  Shared bathroom (with me).  You will have free wifi, breakfast in the morning and all the help I can give you to make your stay in Paris more fun and efficient.  It is a simple room with bed, desk and closet.  The bathroom is shared with me and it is a third floor walkup (that is, counting the ground floor as ""zero"" the European way...or fourth floor American-style.)  Otherwise, breakfast in the morning, a reliable wifi connection, and all the help I can give you to make your stay in Paris memorable.  See also the main guest bedroom I offer in the same apartment: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7396 I want to insure that my guests enjoy Paris to the fullest and so am happy to help with directions and strategy. There are Paris guidebooks, maps, and all you need to get around. The rue des Abbesses rocks!!! It is the liveliest, coolest street in Montmartre. Restaurants, bars, cafés, boutiques, fruit and vegetable sto"
30100	On the Last floor of a typical montmartre style building  with a lift  and in a lovely arty apartment, welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of mythical Butte Montmartre, our village so dear  to so many painters,  poets and lovers. You will get a stunning view of southern Paris from your charming, cozy, quiet, abode which remains very light throughout the day 25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue Lepic offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazone shops, galleries and craftshops.   In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in  about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris :  the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place de la Concorde, the Grand and the Petit Palais, the Arc de Triomphe and so many other famous monuments  Location  abbesses /Lepic - bedroom with window offering  a stupendous view of southern Paris - a 	Enjoy a quaint and comfortable B&B bedroom  with your own private bathroom in an arty apartment typically parisian recently completely renewed. See the Eiffel Tower blinkering at night from your bed!! On the Last floor of a typical montmartre style building  with a lift  and in a lovely arty apartment, welcome to your romantic nest in the heart of mythical Butte Montmartre, our village so dear  to so many painters,  poets and lovers. You will get a stunning view of southern Paris from your charming, cozy, quiet, abode which remains very light throughout the day 25 meters away from the building entrance door, Rue Lepic offers countless gourmet and regular French food stores and hips of Cafés. Strolling along the quaint surrouding streets, you will discover amazone shops, galleries and craftshops.   In less than 5 mnutes, you can walk to subway stations and buses and reach in  about 15 minutes ride the most famous buildings in Paris :  the Louvre, the Garden of the Tuileries, the place d
30101	L'appartement situé entre les métros Abbesses et Anvers, au milieu d'un quartier très agréable de jour comme de nuit.  Il fait 85m². Deux autres colocataires habitent l'appartement, qui est très bien fait pour rester tranquille car les chambres sont bien séparées et un grand couloir donne accès au différentes pièces de vie où vous pourrez trouver de la convivialité si vous le désirez. L'appartement est situé à proximité (-moins de 500m), de : - Pigalle (quartier mythique parisiens pour ça vie de nuit) - Montmartre célèbre butte où culmine le sacré cœur. - Moulin Rouge - Nombreux commerces, restaurants et Bar.  Présence à l'arrivé  L'appartement situé entre les métros Abbesses et Anvers, au milieu d'un quartier très agréable de jour comme de nuit. 3 station de métro très proches Pigalle - Anvers - Abbesses	L'appartement de 85m2 est situé au pied du sacré cœur, au milieu d'un quartier historique de Paris très agréable de jour comme de nuit.  La chambre donne côté rue - plutôt calme -  et est équipée d'un lit double, d'un bureau et d'un meuble de rangement. L'appartement situé entre les métros Abbesses et Anvers, au milieu d'un quartier très agréable de jour comme de nuit.  Il fait 85m². Deux autres colocataires habitent l'appartement, qui est très bien fait pour rester tranquille car les chambres sont bien séparées et un grand couloir donne accès au différentes pièces de vie où vous pourrez trouver de la convivialité si vous le désirez. L'appartement est situé à proximité (-moins de 500m), de : - Pigalle (quartier mythique parisiens pour ça vie de nuit) - Montmartre célèbre butte où culmine le sacré cœur. - Moulin Rouge - Nombreux commerces, restaurants et Bar.  Présence à l'arrivé  L'appartement situé entre les métros Abbesses et Anvers, au milieu d'un quartier très agréable de jour comm
30102	The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, ceramic cook-top, micro wave oven, kettle, toaster, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer and a caffettiera Bialetti for the lovers of italian coffe ! A very large wardrobes is located in the corridor leading to the bedroom. The bed is 140cmx200cm, of high quality bedding. The bathroom has a shower and a bath, heated towel rack and a toilet. 	Ideally located in Montmartre, very bright (with a cosy bedroom) located on the 1rd floor (elevator) with a huge view on beautiful cementery. It has been recently renovated (not the cementery !). Perfect for 1 or 2 people. We share the flat. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, ceramic cook-top, micro wave oven, kettle, toaster, washing machine, refrigerator and freezer and a caffettiera Bialetti for the lovers of italian coffe ! A very large wardrobes is located in the corridor leading to the bedroom. The bed is 140cmx200cm, of high quality bedding. The bathroom has a shower and a bath, heated towel rack and a toilet.  Internet, Wifi, Phone fix, TV cable, hairdryer, iron. A computer and a printer if you want print tickets ! If you reserve i have whatsapp on my mobile which is a way more easy to communicate, upload ! I provide sheets, towels, tea, coffee, toasts and also maps and a guides in french or english. I have Whatsapp if you reserve it's more easy to communicate.  I know ve
30103	Charmant appartement 2 Pièces de 50m2 au 3ème étage d'un immeuble situé en face du Moulin Rouge où règne une ambiance conviviale. Cet appartement comprend: -ma chambre pour vous -un grand lit canapé d'angle pour moi dans le salon -Cuisine équipée  -Salle de bain -WC Appartement bien rangé, propre et non fumeur.	Chambre spacieuse, lumineuse et CALME (la chambre donne sur une cour intérieure).   Appartement au pied du Moulin Rouge, quartier Pigalle, face au métro Blanche (ligne 2, direct Champs Elysées).   Quartier Montmartre à moins de 5 minutes à pieds. Charmant appartement 2 Pièces de 50m2 au 3ème étage d'un immeuble situé en face du Moulin Rouge où règne une ambiance conviviale. Cet appartement comprend: -ma chambre pour vous -un grand lit canapé d'angle pour moi dans le salon -Cuisine équipée  -Salle de bain -WC Appartement bien rangé, propre et non fumeur. Les voyageurs ont accès à tout l'équipement de l'appartement hormis le salon (lave linge sur demande). Habitant Paris depuis près de 10 ans j'ai de bonnes adresses à recommander pour sortir et se restaurer. Ainsi que de nombreux conseils sur les lieux à visiter (et éviter les arnaques en tout genre). Quartier animé 7j/7 ! Nombreux bars, restaurants et boutiques. A moins d'1 min à pieds du métro Blanche (ligne 2) et moins de 3 min à pied
30104		Chambre dans un appartement haussmannien avec parquet, cour privée. Très bien situé à 1 min à pied du sacré cœur. La chambre est équipée d'un canapé lit confortable. Appartement fumeur. J'ai deux petites perruches très gentilles.
30105	Bienvenue dans notre appartement de 110m² situé au 6ème étage d’un immeuble datant des années 70.  Concernant l'appartement, vous verrez rapidement qu’il est très lumineux (exposition sud-est), spacieux, et en retrait de la rue. La cuisine et les chambres donnent sur une cour arborée. Le petit « plus » : de votre chambre, vous aurez tout le loisir pour admirer le Sacré cœur. Pour votre confort, nous vous proposons une chambre de 12m2 avec un lit double pour 2 personnes. Les draps ainsi que les serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition. Pour le petit déjeuner, soyez gourmands !! Vous aurez à votre disposition une machine à café Nespresso, des thés de chez kusmi , confitures, nutella, miel et brioches. 	Bienvenue dans notre appartement de 110m² situé au 6ème étage (avec ascenseur) d’un immeuble datant des années 70 entièrement rénové. Agréablement situé entre la Mairie du 18ème et la Butte Montmartre. Lionel & Olivier Bienvenue dans notre appartement de 110m² situé au 6ème étage d’un immeuble datant des années 70.  Concernant l'appartement, vous verrez rapidement qu’il est très lumineux (exposition sud-est), spacieux, et en retrait de la rue. La cuisine et les chambres donnent sur une cour arborée. Le petit « plus » : de votre chambre, vous aurez tout le loisir pour admirer le Sacré cœur. Pour votre confort, nous vous proposons une chambre de 12m2 avec un lit double pour 2 personnes. Les draps ainsi que les serviettes de bain sont mis à disposition. Pour le petit déjeuner, soyez gourmands !! Vous aurez à votre disposition une machine à café Nespresso, des thés de chez kusmi , confitures, nutella, miel et brioches. Vous avez accès à l’ensemble de l’appartement et disposez de votre prop
30106	Au pied du sacré coeur dans une des rue typiques de Montmartre	Grande chambre avec une entrée indépendante avec douche et toilettes donnant sur une cour arborée et sur un passage typique de Montmartre .Un coin de campagne à Paris: charme et calme . A 50 mètres du sacré coeur, proche de tous commerces . Au pied du sacré coeur dans une des rue typiques de Montmartre
30107		Dans un appartement de 50m², à deux minutes du sacré cœur, une des deux belles chambres vous attend pour votre séjour parisien. Cet appartement est composé de deux chambres séparées par le salon, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec WC. Il est au 3e étage sans ascenseur, sur cour, très clame et lumineux (une fenêtre dans chaque pièce). Accessibilité : gare du Nord (RER B accès aéroport) à 10min à pied, ligne 2 arrêt Anvers à 3min à pied, ligne 4 arrêt Barbes-Rochechouard à 3min à pied.
30108	Dear travellers,  My flatmate and I live in a 4-room apartment in the lovely area of Saint-Georges/South Pigalle. What about the apartment?  It has 3 large bedrooms with three double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen (80m²). As a guest, you have access to the bathroom, washer, full kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven, dishwasher, and microwave), TV, and wifi. Grocery/liquor store ten meters away.  The place is pretty spacious, and bright and you will love our balcony! The Area ?  Ten minutes away from Montmartre and Pigalle, the area is perfect if you want to have an insight of Parisian life. Pigalle is one of the best spot to enjoy the Parisian nightlife or to experience “the French way of life” with many restaurants, cool cafés and bars, clubs, theatres and concert venues. If you prefer English/irish pub, we are also 10 minutes away from Grands boulevards and its well-known pubs. Finally we are 30 steps away to subway, which is pretty convenient if you want to discover our city!	Spacious and bright room in a nice parisian flat in the heart of Paris. You will enjoy our place as much as you will enjoy Paris. The area in perfect to live as a Parisian during a day/weekend/or more... We will help you loving your stay! Dear travellers,  My flatmate and I live in a 4-room apartment in the lovely area of Saint-Georges/South Pigalle. What about the apartment?  It has 3 large bedrooms with three double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen (80m²). As a guest, you have access to the bathroom, washer, full kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven, dishwasher, and microwave), TV, and wifi. Grocery/liquor store ten meters away.  The place is pretty spacious, and bright and you will love our balcony! The Area ?  Ten minutes away from Montmartre and Pigalle, the area is perfect if you want to have an insight of Parisian life. Pigalle is one of the best spot to enjoy the Parisian nightlife or to experience “the French way of life” with many restaurants, cool cafés and bars, clubs, t
30109	Charming and bright appartement, métro Château Rouge. Appartment T3 at 4th floor: 2 bedrooms, living/bed-room, kitchen, bathroom (with shower and washbasin)'s entry in one of 2 bedroom and toilet with washbasin: The available room (3.60x3.05m) is attached to living room, so you need to pass for the living room to entry in the bedroom. There is a bed 140x190 cm, and a equipped wall with a wardrobe, a office corner, and decorative fireplace. The bed room is bright and overlooks the street,  the windows is with double glass.	Bed-room about 12 m2  in a F3 flat. The bed-room is available only from 2nd Agust until 15th September 2015. Charming and bright appartement, métro Château Rouge. Appartment T3 at 4th floor: 2 bedrooms, living/bed-room, kitchen, bathroom (with shower and washbasin)'s entry in one of 2 bedroom and toilet with washbasin: The available room (3.60x3.05m) is attached to living room, so you need to pass for the living room to entry in the bedroom. There is a bed 140x190 cm, and a equipped wall with a wardrobe, a office corner, and decorative fireplace. The bed room is bright and overlooks the street,  the windows is with double glass. Bathroom in the other room, separated toilet and kitchen. Roommate in a friendly ambiance. The room is available from 2nd agust to 16 september 2015 Château Rouge is a Paris quartier, located in the east side of Montmartre hill, in the 18e district. In informal way it takes part of the Goutte d'Or and Clignancourt districts.   It's a vibrant and multicultural q
30110	"A deux pas de la butte Montmartre, trois arrêts de métro du Sacré-Coeur, quatre arrêts de métro du quartier Pigalle (Métro Marcadet-Poissonnier. Très bien desservi par les transports, à 50 mètres des lignes 4 et 12 et des bus 60 et 31) : Une belle chambre (12m2) dans un grand appartement de 80m2, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Orienté sud donc très lumineux. Immeuble sécurisé avec un code d'entrée, un interphone et un code dans l'ascenseur) Situé au début du quartier ""populaire"" de la goutte d'or (cosmopolite, exotique, animé, beaucoup de commerces africains et indiens : tissus, restaurants et produits exotiques, le marché africain rue des poissoniers vaut le détour) Beaucoup de marchés plus traditionnels proche de la maison. Cuisine, Salle de bain et toilettes sont à partager avec votre hôte. Vous pouvez disposer de la cuisine pour tous les repas, à condition de laisser les lieux propres et rangés ! Vous trouverez tout les commerces à proximité (Franprix à 30 mètres, Carrefour Market à"	"This is the best flat to live a new Parisian experience: a few minutes away from the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre, but so remote by the atmosphere. The flat is located in ""La Goutte d'Or"" 'the Golden Drop', very very close to metro Marcadet Poissonnier A deux pas de la butte Montmartre, trois arrêts de métro du Sacré-Coeur, quatre arrêts de métro du quartier Pigalle (Métro Marcadet-Poissonnier. Très bien desservi par les transports, à 50 mètres des lignes 4 et 12 et des bus 60 et 31) : Une belle chambre (12m2) dans un grand appartement de 80m2, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. Orienté sud donc très lumineux. Immeuble sécurisé avec un code d'entrée, un interphone et un code dans l'ascenseur) Situé au début du quartier ""populaire"" de la goutte d'or (cosmopolite, exotique, animé, beaucoup de commerces africains et indiens : tissus, restaurants et produits exotiques, le marché africain rue des poissoniers vaut le détour) Beaucoup de marchés plus traditionnels proche de la maison. Cuisine, Salle"
30111	"Private room (with free access to the bathroom and the kitchen) in a nice Parisian apartment.  At only 3 minutes by walk from the subway, in less than 20 minutes you can reach the very center of Paris (Châtelet les halles, St Michel...). At only 15 minutes by walk from the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre, and from the flea market ""les puces de St Ouen"". The flat is clean and has all been renovated. The room has one double bed that can be switched to sofa. There is free Wifi, TV, Speakers for ipod... Sheets and towel are provided. The bathroom is very big. The kitchen has all the commodities to cook (you can freely use the spices, sugar, oil..), and a Italian coffee machine or a Nespresso regarding your preferences which you can freely use :) There is a lot of convenient shop just close to the flat: coffees, backer, post station, restaurants.. you can also find some hype or cozy places too. We will give you some information about the area and Paris. Generally we can be free if you want to go "	"Room in a typical Parisian apartment near Le Sacré Coeur, in a safe district between the trendy and the lifely quarter. Surrounding by cafés, restaurants, stores, market, you can find here a real local living. Private room (with free access to the bathroom and the kitchen) in a nice Parisian apartment.  At only 3 minutes by walk from the subway, in less than 20 minutes you can reach the very center of Paris (Châtelet les halles, St Michel...). At only 15 minutes by walk from the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre, and from the flea market ""les puces de St Ouen"". The flat is clean and has all been renovated. The room has one double bed that can be switched to sofa. There is free Wifi, TV, Speakers for ipod... Sheets and towel are provided. The bathroom is very big. The kitchen has all the commodities to cook (you can freely use the spices, sugar, oil..), and a Italian coffee machine or a Nespresso regarding your preferences which you can freely use :) There is a lot of convenient shop just close"
30112		A double bed for a couple or 2 single bed for friend...Near montmartre and near the center closed to metro line 4 and line 12
30113	Idéal pour un jeune couple  (6ème étage sans ascenseur)  refait à neuf avec parquet, lumineux et avec beaucoup de charme.  Chambre spacieuse avec grand lit double, rangements à votre disposition. 	Private room with shared bathroom in a 40 square metters flat near Montmartre.
30114	The room is 20m2 with 2 beds, TV, 2 tables, 2 chairs and a mini-sofa. There is a closet with hangers provided.  The bathroom and kitchen (fully equipped for cooking, incl microwave and stove) are shared among you, me, and my roommate. There is also washing machine and dishwasher. To dry clothes you can use a public drying machine for 1€ available 1 min away. An iron and ironboard are also available at home. There is a heater in the room just in case it gets cold at night (though unlikely during these beautiful months!)	Private room 20m2 with free WIFI located 2 min from metro/bus. Supermarket at 100m. Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine, TV. Room well lit by sunlight. 10 min walk from Montmartre and Batignolles. We're nice and friendly, speak english and french The room is 20m2 with 2 beds, TV, 2 tables, 2 chairs and a mini-sofa. There is a closet with hangers provided.  The bathroom and kitchen (fully equipped for cooking, incl microwave and stove) are shared among you, me, and my roommate. There is also washing machine and dishwasher. To dry clothes you can use a public drying machine for 1€ available 1 min away. An iron and ironboard are also available at home. There is a heater in the room just in case it gets cold at night (though unlikely during these beautiful months!) Full private access to your own room. Shared access to kitchen, bathroom, and washing machine. In the kitchen, you can use all utensils, microwave and stove for cooking, sugar, salt, pepper, sauces, cooking oil, etc. You can
30115	"Pretty little bright in the Montmartre district. Very quiet (overlooking a courtyard) 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" and 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord. Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4. This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine also available. Wardrobe also available to store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) 1 minute walk. There's everything you need in the neighbor : pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till late, just down the apartment."	"Pretty little bright in the Montmartre district. Very quiet (overlooking a courtyard) 5 minutes walk to the ""Sacré Coeur"" and 15 minutes walk to ""Pigalle District"" 15 minutes by metro from Chatelet and Notre Dame. 10 minutes by metro from Gare de Nord. Close to the Anvers metro station and lines 2 and 4. This is a flat with four people, there will always be someone to welcome you warmly! The apartment is very spacious. Kitchen and large living / dining room. Internet Wifi available, possibility to cook and store food. Washing machine also available. Wardrobe also available to store your things. No parking but Vélib (bike rental) 1 minute walk. There's everything you need in the neighbor : pubs, restaurants, fast foods, french bakeries and also a supermarket opened till late, just down the apartment."
30116	Hello and welcome in Montmartre! We are a couple in our early thirties proposing a private room in a pretty 70 sqm apartment ideally located in Montmartre:  200 meters far from Basilique du Sacré Coeur.	Charming and comfortable private room. Good location in Montmartre; lovely and lively area : ancient buildings, with bars / terraces, bakery, cheese store, restaurants …  2 mn walk from Sacé Coeur. 10 mn from very center of Paris with subway. Hello and welcome in Montmartre! We are a couple in our early thirties proposing a private room in a pretty 70 sqm apartment ideally located in Montmartre:  200 meters far from Basilique du Sacré Coeur. * Please read entirely * The apartment:  - located on the 4th floor (no elevator, like every ancient building in Montmartre) - A large living room (2 windows overlooking the street) - Semi-open kitchen, fully equipped with fridge, freezer, washing machine, Nespresso, boiler, … - a bathroom (shower) - separated toilets - 1 room : our - 1 other bedroom at the opposite side of ours which make it more reserved (12sqm, fully equipped) : yours - good wifi acess; books, and DVD. Your bedroom is furnished with a double bed, a wardrobe for your clothes. Bed
30117	Renting a luxury and full furnished flat ideally located in the center of Paris, in villiers, near part Monceau, near saint lazare station, near Opera. Individual room for 2 people and a large living room with a convertible bed.  Size : 54m. The flat is magic, you have wonderful private garden in the residence. It's a luxuary apartment.  FULLY EQQUIPES : - SHOWER , - INDIVIDUAL ELECTRIC HEATING , - FRIDGE.  You have everything : - Wifi  - Large LED TV with cable This is a great flat, everyone has come to the flat say it is a very nice place, good living, well located in Paris. If you are respectful, well educated, clean and a good person, we will be happy to welcome you!! Up to 4 people max, please.  Perfect for a couple.	Perfect localization in paris, luxury et quiet residence.  Renting a luxury and full furnished flat ideally located in the center of Paris, in villiers, near part Monceau, near saint lazare station, near Opera. Individual room for 2 people and a large living room with a convertible bed.  Size : 54m. The flat is magic, you have wonderful private garden in the residence. It's a luxuary apartment.  FULLY EQQUIPES : - SHOWER , - INDIVIDUAL ELECTRIC HEATING , - FRIDGE.  You have everything : - Wifi  - Large LED TV with cable This is a great flat, everyone has come to the flat say it is a very nice place, good living, well located in Paris. If you are respectful, well educated, clean and a good person, we will be happy to welcome you!! Up to 4 people max, please.  Perfect for a couple. Its very quiet. Closest metro station :  -Villiers : 2 minutes walking - Europe 2 minutes walking - Saint lazare : 5 minutes walking Area Around : - Opera (15 min walking) - Parc Monceau ( 2 minutes walking) -
30118	Located in the heart of the Abbesses steps of Sacre Coeur, this charming 27m2 studio is perfect for a couple with a child. Very bright with two large windows facing south / east, it opens into the entrance hall, the main room, American kitchen and a separate bathroom. Overlooking courtyard and private garden, Tholozé studio offers all the benefits of Montmartre life while enjoying the peace and serenity of the rooftops of Paris. Tholozé Street offers a view of the most beautiful and last mill of the hill built in the 17th century: Le Moulin de la Galette. Place highly, designer boutiques, art galleries, cinema arthouse, bars and restaurants await you for a unique experience Montmartre! Equipment: · A double · A good quality mattress, a person . a cot for babies up to 3 years · For relaxation you have at your disposal: · LED TV · DVD player · WIFI wireless Internet access . board games for children and adults The kitchen is fully equipped:             . Nespresso             . Ground co	With free Wi-Fi, this charming 27 m2 apartment is located in the special Montmatre area of Paris, in a quiet, little street which starts at Rue des Abbesses and ends at Rue Lepic, by the stairway which takes you to the top of the hill and Sacré Coeur Located in the heart of the Abbesses steps of Sacre Coeur, this charming 27m2 studio is perfect for a couple with a child. Very bright with two large windows facing south / east, it opens into the entrance hall, the main room, American kitchen and a separate bathroom. Overlooking courtyard and private garden, Tholozé studio offers all the benefits of Montmartre life while enjoying the peace and serenity of the rooftops of Paris. Tholozé Street offers a view of the most beautiful and last mill of the hill built in the 17th century: Le Moulin de la Galette. Place highly, designer boutiques, art galleries, cinema arthouse, bars and restaurants await you for a unique experience Montmartre! Equipment: · A double · A good quality mattress, a per
30119	Bonjour! Hello! Ola! 你好! こんにちは!  This beautiful and sunny recently-renovated apartment is situated in Montmartre, right next to the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur and the famous Rue Lepic! The double bedroom is big, spotless, very sunny, quiet with impeccable wooden floors, queen size bed, big cupboards and plenty of storage space. The apartment is located right next to the Moulin Rouge only 30 seconds away from the Métro Blanche (Line 2). Direct access to all attractions (Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysées, Le Marais, Le Louvre Museum, Orsay Museum, River Seine...) Features:  * Moulin Rouge 50 meters away! * Clean Towels/Bed Linens  * Beautiful bathroom recently renovated * Large TV in the lounge  * Cable TV * Close to Moulin Rouge, Rue Lepic, Sacré Coeur, Opéra, Gare Saint Lazare, Le Louvre Museum, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées... * Free Wifi!  * Large windows  * Big cupboards in the bedroom and plenty of storage space * Complementary drink or/and fruit on first night  * Very sa	Spacious and beautiful private bedroom with a queen size bed located at the heart of Montmartre right next to the Moulin Rouge and the famous Rue Lepic! You will love the amazing location of that apartment :-) Bonjour! Hello! Ola! 你好! こんにちは!  This beautiful and sunny recently-renovated apartment is situated in Montmartre, right next to the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur and the famous Rue Lepic! The double bedroom is big, spotless, very sunny, quiet with impeccable wooden floors, queen size bed, big cupboards and plenty of storage space. The apartment is located right next to the Moulin Rouge only 30 seconds away from the Métro Blanche (Line 2). Direct access to all attractions (Eiffel Tower, Sacré Coeur, Champs Elysées, Le Marais, Le Louvre Museum, Orsay Museum, River Seine...) Features:  * Moulin Rouge 50 meters away! * Clean Towels/Bed Linens  * Beautiful bathroom recently renovated * Large TV in the lounge  * Cable TV * Close to Moulin Rouge, Rue Lepic, Sacré Coeur, Opéra, Gare Sain
30120	The bedroom is 14m² with a double size bed (140x190cm). Dressing and commode. The flat is 80m², located at the 3rd floor. You can use all equipments and wifi. Very quiet place in a beautiful 1870' courtyard.	Cozy bedroom located right in the center of Paris near Pigalle, Montmartres and Batignolles.  You will share the  includes all necessary appliances. The bedroom is 14m² with a double size bed (140x190cm). Dressing and commode. The flat is 80m², located at the 3rd floor. You can use all equipments and wifi. Very quiet place in a beautiful 1870' courtyard. Privative room. You can freely use the flat (Living room, kitchen, bathroom, books) and the equipment (washing machine, iron, oven, fridge, cooker, etc.). We can schedule your arrival and departure according to your needs. I will give you some touristic advices for the place to know and to be and the best restaurants and bars. Quiet and lively neighborhood. Very secure and touristic with many facilities (shop, fresh food market, cinema, restaurants, bars, public garden...). You can go to Pigalle (moulin rouge), Montmartre, Batignolles, Monceau by walking. By metro / bus you are 15 min from the other touristic places in Paris. Metro and
30121	Nice single bedroom available all summer long for a short stay in Paris.  You will be sharing the place with us and we will provide all infos and tips for you to enjoy your time here.	Nice single bedroom with a mezzanine bed, available all summer long for a short stay in Paris.  You will be sharing the place with us and we will provide all infos and tips for you to enjoy your time here. Nice single bedroom available all summer long for a short stay in Paris.  You will be sharing the place with us and we will provide all infos and tips for you to enjoy your time here. The bedroom is really quiet and sunny with a single mezzanine bed, a large desk and cupboards to put your clothes.You will have access to the bathroom and the kitchen for breakfast. You can of course use the fridge to store food and beverage. We will be happy to give you advice and help you to enjoy your stay here. If you already know what you will do in Paris, we can pick some informations before your arrival. Our apartment is located in a lively neighborhood yet our street is quiet and charming. Montmartre with the Moulin Rouge and its typical rue Lepic and rue des Abbesses is only 5 minutes walk far,
30122	Beautiful Parisian apartment. It is located on the 6th floor, with a large clear view and a beautiful sunset. It is 10 meters from the subway exit Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12)	Nice room in a typical Parisian apartment. Very bright and with a wide view. Beautiful Parisian apartment. It is located on the 6th floor, with a large clear view and a beautiful sunset. It is 10 meters from the subway exit Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12) To a very functional bathroom (bath, washbasin, toilet) with a large window. To a washing machine To the kitchen I am present in the apartment, in my own room. I'd love to be able to exchange information with travelers (very envious to discover places that I still don't know from Paris) A lot of restaurants to eat or drink : Neighborhood (family + many bars, restaurants and shops). 4 different metro lines close to the apartment: - 10m, Lamarck-Caulaincourt station (line 12) - 700m, Guy Môquet station (line 13). - 1km, station Place de Clichy (lines 2 and 13) - 1km, station Château Rouge (line 4).
30123	Bright, quiet, nice view, not overlooked appartment	Welcome to my home, sweet home of 90m2. The room is a standard single bed, so preferably one person Bright, quiet, nice view, not overlooked appartment Kitchen, bathroom, living room Please let me know about your arrival time and the way you will to get my flat, so that I could give you the right advice.  7mn walk from Metro Marx Dormoy Popular, lively, many asian restaurants and shops, market and swimming pool nearby Many options : 1) Metro Marx Dormoy (Line 12), direct to:  - Montmartre (Abesses),  - For shopping : Galeries Lafayette, Printemps (Trinité),  - Musée du Louvre (Concorde)  - The center of Paris (Montparnasse, etc) 2) Buses direct to : Gare du Nord (35), Gare de L'Est(35), Gare de Lyon (65) 3) Velib : self service bike system available 24hours a day. Take a bike, return it where you like in Paris. 4) Autolib : same system for cars. 4 nights minimum Check in: 12.00 Check out: 10.00 preferably but flexible English speaking
30124		De la lumière dans cette chambre qui peut recevoir 1 ou 2 personnes. L'endroit est central, au pied de Montmartre, tout près des Grands Magasins, à proximité des transports. Métro, bus à 5 minutes à pied
30125	The flat is 60m² with one big room for rent (13m²), one kitchen, one bathroom and a living room. It is perfect for 2 people (friends or couple). 	Nice room with king size bed in an historical building (not on the street = calm) / All comodities you need in the flat : wifi, washing machine, TV / Big kitchen and bathroom / Close to all parisian monuments and night neighborhoods The flat is 60m² with one big room for rent (13m²), one kitchen, one bathroom and a living room. It is perfect for 2 people (friends or couple).  Free WIFI, free calls to landlines in Europe and USA TV, washing machine If you need towels, I can provide them as well as shampoo etc.  I am renting one room and I am living in the other room so it is no problem to welcome you. If you need some advice, I would be glad to help you. If you want to be alone together with your partner/friend, there is enough space to have intimity (the two rooms are separated by a corridor and the living room). My flat is in the heart of Montmartre, 5min from Sacré Coeur, Moulin Rouge and Pigalle. The interest of  Caulaincourt street is that it is perfectly located but remains calm (
30126		Bonjour! I am renting a room between moulin rouge and sacre coeur, just in front of the cafe of Amelie Poulain. The apartment is 80sqm with a nice living room towards the rue lepic. 1min walking distance to the metro and 20min to the Opera Garnier.
30127	Rents a very nice apartment in Paris.  available from July 29th till August 15th 	Rents a very nice apartment in Paris.  available from July 29th till August 15th 
30128	Located near the Abbesses metro, in a lively district, close to restaurants, museums and shops this apartment is ideal for your stay in Paris. Composed of a nice living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a double bedroom, it can accomodates up to 4 people. You will fisrt be attracted by its location, its comfort and its decoration. We guarantee you a memorable stay immersed in the heart of our beautiful capital.	Charming apartment in the heart of Montmartre Located near the Abbesses metro, in a lively district, close to restaurants, museums and shops this apartment is ideal for your stay in Paris. Composed of a nice living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a double bedroom, it can accomodates up to 4 people. You will fisrt be attracted by its location, its comfort and its decoration. We guarantee you a memorable stay immersed in the heart of our beautiful capital. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the 
30129	"petit 2 pièces  ""Bohême"" à Montmartre au 2ème étage sur cour très calme à 100 mètres de la place des abbesses.lumineux ,vue sur le ciel,genre artiste,dans immeuble du XIXème siècle. petite salle de bains avec douche neuve avec poignée et fenêtre, wc sanibroyeur.kitchenette.plaques et fours.machine à laver le linge.libre du 16 au 30 août,ou du 1er au 15 septembre 2015 Prix pour 2 semaines 700 euros"	"petit appartement à l'ancienne,au 2ème et dernier étage,d'une petite maison au coeur de la butte montmartre,très silencieux et calme à 200m de la place des abbesses,métro abbesses et anvers à proximité, nombreux petits restaurants et promenades_musée petit 2 pièces  ""Bohême"" à Montmartre au 2ème étage sur cour très calme à 100 mètres de la place des abbesses.lumineux ,vue sur le ciel,genre artiste,dans immeuble du XIXème siècle. petite salle de bains avec douche neuve avec poignée et fenêtre, wc sanibroyeur.kitchenette.plaques et fours.machine à laver le linge.libre du 16 au 30 août,ou du 1er au 15 septembre 2015 Prix pour 2 semaines 700 euros appartement individuel,remise de clefs 2 fenêtres sur cour,Kitchenette,four et plaques électriques,évier,machine à laver,table et fer à repasser,petite tv,radio,bibliothèque,meubles anciens, grand lit double,commode ancienne,grand bureau serais absent,mais joignable par le mobile quartier vivant et joyeux,mais ne jamais ramener des personnes renc"
30130		Very quiet room (last floor with lift) with independent
30131	Si vous êtes 2 personnes = une chambre double + 1 salle de bain privée Si vous êtes 3 personnes ou plus = 2 chambres doubles + 1 salle de bain privée. Nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement à 5 min à pied de Montmartre et de son art de vivre unique. Notre appartement a une grande surface et une terrasse pour lézarder au soleil. Il se situe au 7ème étage d'une jolie résidence très calme (ascenseur). Nous vous laissons toute l'intimité nécessaire dans votre chambre et salle de bain privés et nous serons heureux de partager avec vous la cuisine, le salon et la terrasse. A votre arrivée serviettes propres et draps vous attendent avec le lonely planet et des conseils pour vos visites ;) Pour le petit-déjeuner nous partageons les produits de base avec plaisir ! ------------------------------------------ If you are 2 people = 1 double room + 1 private bathroom If you are 3 or 4 guests = 2 double rooms + 1 private bathroom We welcome you in our apartment 5 min walk from Montmartre and it	Nice flat with terrace 5 minutes from Sacré-Coeur where you will enjoy a double bedroom w/bathroom in a wonderful quiet and secured building
30132	Private room with double bed inside big apartment. The room includes a double bed, a closet, a shelf and a desk. Full access to the kitchen (fully equipped) and living room. WiFi access and clean linens included.	Private bedroom with double bed inside large apartment. Common spaces : a large living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom and a water closet.  1st floor (no elevator). Close to North Railway Station and well deserved by public transports. Private room with double bed inside big apartment. The room includes a double bed, a closet, a shelf and a desk. Full access to the kitchen (fully equipped) and living room. WiFi access and clean linens included. Guests should arrive between 9H and 20H30. If you would like to arrive outside these time slot, please contact me to make arrangements. Guests will be given keys to the apartment so they can move freely. Lively neighborhood with many stores (bakery, supermarkets, convenience stores) and services (banks, Post Office) at proximity. Rue de l'Olive : welcoming pubs and a marketplace with fresh local products. Close to the Montmartre neighborhood. Subway line 12 (Marx Dormoy station) and bus lines (phone number hidden) minutes from line 4 
30133	For sublet is 1 bedroom in a beautiful and cozy apartment situated in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. The apartment consists of two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen/dining room area (The 2nd bedroom may or may not be used by my roommate, a very friendly, young French guy). The kitchen is fully equipped with everything needed to cook. The bathroom and kitchen are separate rooms. My bedroom is very quiet and has a double bed with linens, a desk, and a big window that allows  plenty of light. I also have an air mattress if you have an extra guest. 	Ideally located in a vibrant neighborhood with local bakery, open-air market, supermarket, bars, restaurants, cafés, parks, métro (lines 4 and 12). 15-minute walk to Montmartre. For sublet is 1 bedroom in a beautiful and cozy apartment situated in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. The apartment consists of two bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen/dining room area (The 2nd bedroom may or may not be used by my roommate, a very friendly, young French guy). The kitchen is fully equipped with everything needed to cook. The bathroom and kitchen are separate rooms. My bedroom is very quiet and has a double bed with linens, a desk, and a big window that allows  plenty of light. I also have an air mattress if you have an extra guest. Located in the diverse neighborhood of Marcadet-Poissonniers, you will have access to an open-air market, supermarket, local bakeries, parks, and many bars, restaurants and cafés, all within a 5 minute walk of the apartment. It is also just a 10-15 minute walk from M
30134		 Jolie chambre calme, dans appart 58m2 chaleureux tout confort avec cuisine et salle de bain.  Quartier vivant, toutes commodités, à deux pas du métro, commerces etc...    Accès à la cuisine et salle de douche,  Wifi Quartier vivant, très diversifié d'une rue à l'autre, le 18ème est riche d'une population qui va de l'artiste, au bourgeois, en passant par la diversité cuturelle...il y en a pour tous les goûts.  Nombreux bus, 4 stations de métro, vélib. La chambre peut accueillir 2 personnes exceptionnellement mais je préfère recevoir un seul invité car le canapé clic-clac est plus confortable pour dormir avec 1 seule personne. J'ai un petit chien qui vit avec nous, charmant et attachant, il aura certainement envie de vous souhaiter la bienvenue mais je saurai être attentive à ce qu'il ne vous dérange pas. A certaines périodes (lorsque je suis absente) il est possible de disposer de l'appartement entier pour 4 personnes, me contactez. A partir de 3 nuits, prévoir 12 euros de ménage. A no
30135	L'appartement n'est pas luxueux. Il est modeste, chaleureux et familial, avec une énergie positive, où vous vous sentez toute de suite en confiance.	Petite chambre privée, avec lit, table,  petit armoire, arrangements, salon, salle de bains,  Patio privé, cuisine partagée. Les autres équipements : machine à laver et WIFI disponibles, calme agréable pour un repos mérité après une journée chargée. L'appartement n'est pas luxueux. Il est modeste, chaleureux et familial, avec une énergie positive, où vous vous sentez toute de suite en confiance. vous allez accès aux parties communes: salon, cuisine, salle de bain. vous pouvez vous en servir des outils de cuisine, tout en laissant propre tout. Il y a la machine à laver que vous pouvez utiliser si besoin. Il y a la WIFI.  Nous partagerons l'appartement.  Si vous venez pour le W.E. je pourrais me rendre disponible pour vous faire découvrir la ville… autrement cela sera difficile, car je travail toute la journée. Mais en semaine, après mon travail, nous pouvons découvrir Paris de nuit, toute en sachant que je dois aller au lit tôt.  C'est un quartier que j'appelle tendrement, l'Afrique noi
30136	Private suite (sleeping room, lounge and shower-room) in a loft recently renovated with a luxurious decoration and a top of the range, designers' furniture, artists' works... In the heart of a very quiet garden, the best quiet place after a shopping day in Paris.	Private suite (sleeping room, lounge and shower-room) in a loft recently renovated with a luxurious decoration and a top of the range, designers' furniture, artists' works... In the heart of a very quiet garden, the best quiet place after a shopping day in Paris. Private suite with a big lounge (40m2) + a big sleeping room (25m2) with qeen size bed + big shower-room and separated toilets. This suite is well eparated with my living space. I adore receiving at my home and shall indulge to prepare you a good breakfast. District rapidly expanding, close to Montmartre and to any shops: just Department store in front of the building, close by the famous Olive food market, bakerys, banks, bars, restaurants, pharmacies... Métro Marx Dormoy (100m) Métro La Chapelle (200m) Gare du Nord (200m) Direct ways to stations and airport CDG
30137		L'appartement est super confortable, à 30 secondes du métro (ligne 4 et 12). Vous serez idéalement placé pour visiter ou sortir dans Paris. N'hésitez pas à contacter pour d'autres renseignements. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement : chambre, salle de bain, WC, cuisine tout équipée. L'appartement est à côté de Montmartre, dans un quartier super vivant, on trouve beaucoup de restaurants, bars et services de proximité à côté (super marchés etc). Le métro, à 30 secondes de l'appartement donne accès aux lignes 4 et 12, plusieurs bus sont aussi accessibles très facilement.
30138	Chambre agréable dans appartement spacieux. Vie en collocation très sympa et joviale.	Chambre singulière au calme dans un superbe appartement haussmanien de 107m2. Proche métro Place de Clichy 5min a pied et toutes commodités. Situé dans rue tranquille entre Pigalle et Batignolles. Quartier idéal pour les sorties et visites du Nord est parisien. Chambre agréable dans appartement spacieux. Vie en collocation très sympa et joviale. Wifi, douche, draps et serviette de bains, machine à laver, lit futon 2 places, balcon. Accueil à l arrivée  et conseil si besoin pour visites / sorties. Sa vie nocturne, ses salles de concerts. Metro Place de Clichy ligne 13 ou 2, bus 74 Appartement partagé avec colocataires jeunes et très sympa !
30139	The room is 26 sqm large, very calm, charming and authentic, decorated with a frame on the walls painted by a Parisian artist and furnished with sofa-bed, confortable for 2 persons. And also a living room space with a large sofa. No TV in use in the room. In the room you'll find at your disposal some tea and coffee with Nespresso machine. We furnish as well sheets, towels and soap. The apartment has been freshly restored and is fully equipped (56sqm). 1st floor, court view with large windows. The bathroom has a bathtub and the restrooms are a part from it.  High-speed internet.	In the heart of Montmartre!  Great apartment of 56 sqm, 1 bedroom (king size bed) and a living room decorated in a typical parisian style with a painted fresque on the wall. Less than 1 minute's walk to the rue Lepic and rue des Abbesses! The room is 26 sqm large, very calm, charming and authentic, decorated with a frame on the walls painted by a Parisian artist and furnished with sofa-bed, confortable for 2 persons. And also a living room space with a large sofa. No TV in use in the room. In the room you'll find at your disposal some tea and coffee with Nespresso machine. We furnish as well sheets, towels and soap. The apartment has been freshly restored and is fully equipped (56sqm). 1st floor, court view with large windows. The bathroom has a bathtub and the restrooms are a part from it.  High-speed internet. You'll have access to the room and the bathroom. The kitchen access is restricted to storage and small cooks. No big cooking. We'll be glad to give you tips about the city and 
30140		Grande chambre dans un appartement de 110m² entre Pigalle et Abbesses. Elle peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes ( + 10€ p.p au-delà de 2 personnes) Petit-déjeuner inclus lors de votre séjour.
30141		Jolie chambre dans bel immeuble. Calme. Possibilité d'utilisation de la cuisine.
30142	Cinq étages sans ascenseur, ça fait peur ! Mais la vue de notre appartement sur le sacré coeur est imprenable. La chambre donnant sur cour, vous serez au calme en plein Paris.	"Belle chambre spacieuse et lumineuse, sur cour face  au Sacré Coeur. Situé à Montmartre, quartier populaire, historique et commerçant. Proche de plusieurs métros (ligne 2 et 4) et de bus, au coeur de Paris. We speak fluent english. Cinq étages sans ascenseur, ça fait peur ! Mais la vue de notre appartement sur le sacré coeur est imprenable. La chambre donnant sur cour, vous serez au calme en plein Paris. Vous aurez accès à votre chambre et nous partagerons la salle de bain. La cuisine sera à votre disposition pour les petits déjeuners, et nous pourrons vous indiquer les meilleures boulangeries et terrasses du quartier. Nous avons l'habitude de voyager et de recevoir. Nous serons donc heureux de vous aiguiller dans vos choix de visites et de vous donner des petits ""secrets"" de parisiens. Nous connaissons très bien le quartier et ses bonnes adresses, restaurants, boutiques, salles de concerts/spectacles ... Montmartre est un quartier célèbre de Paris. Edith Piaf, Van Gogh, Toulouse Lautr"
30143	Appartement lumineux exposé plein Sud, 3ème étage au fond d'une jolie cour, dans une rue calme et chaleureuse. Petits commerces, restaurants, bars, disquaire… Et la plus belle vue de Paris à côté de l'appartement, en haut des marches du Sacré Coeur.  Sécurisé, 2 digicodes.  Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, bouilloire, toaster etc...)  Grand lit, Wifi, grand écran plat, Sono et vinyles :-) WC + salle de bain avec douche et linge de toilette, sèche-cheveux… 	Un charmant appartement de 31m2, idéal pour un couple ou 2 adultes, situé au pied du Sacré Coeur à Montmartre.  Appartement lumineux, 3ème étage au fond de la cour, rue calme et chaleureuse. À coté de métros, petits commerces, restaurants et bars. Appartement lumineux exposé plein Sud, 3ème étage au fond d'une jolie cour, dans une rue calme et chaleureuse. Petits commerces, restaurants, bars, disquaire… Et la plus belle vue de Paris à côté de l'appartement, en haut des marches du Sacré Coeur.  Sécurisé, 2 digicodes.  Cuisine équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, bouilloire, toaster etc...)  Grand lit, Wifi, grand écran plat, Sono et vinyles :-) WC + salle de bain avec douche et linge de toilette, sèche-cheveux… Vous serez situés dans un quartier atypique, animé et naturel, ambiance village dans Paris. L’appartement est proche de 3 stations de métro (Ligne 2 / 4 / 12) Vous trouverez tout à pied : la tranquillité dans les ruelles et parcs de Montmartre
30144	50 meter square apartment located in the heart of Montmartre, one of the must see aerea of Paris. The apartment is located in a quiet building, and will have everything you need to relax after a day of visit (kitchen, sofa, fremch books, HD TV, bathroom...), Located close the aerea most famous monument, sacre coeur, moulin rouge, the area is also full of restaurants and bar to enjoy your evenings in Paris. 	50 meter square apartment located in the heart of Montmartre, one of the must see aerea of Paris. The apartment is located in a quiet building, and will have everything you need to relax after a day of visit (kitchen, sofa, fremch books, HD TV, bathroom...), Located close the aerea most famous monument, sacre coeur, moulin rouge, the area is also full of restaurants and bar to enjoy your evenings in Paris. 
30145		Hi. I am renting a really nice and bright double room  in my flat in Montmartre. The flat is located in a very calm street just behind the rue des Abesses and fully furnished (big kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, oven / bathroom with italian shower and washing machine) 
30146	"2 bedrooms and a big living room, up to 6 persons including children, with bathroom and equiped kitchen.   The area Stay in the heart of Montmartre area, right between two of the most famous places in Paris: ""Moulin Rouge"" and ""Sacré-Coeur"". The street, rue Lepic is very typical, with plenty of food stores, terraces and restaurants. Metro stations are only at 5 minutes walk.  Montmartre is well known for being and having been home of famous artists, like Van Gogh who has been living right next door to your Bed and Breakfast rooms. We will show you copies of two paintings he made, which represent the same view over Paris you'll have from your rooms ! The ""Moulin de la Galette"" which inspired Renoir for his world famous painting is at 5 minutes walk ! The apartment Feel the real atmosphere of Montmartre by staying in a former artist workshop. There are two bedrooms (one with a double bed, one with one double and one single bed) and the bathroom with toilet big living room (one single sof"	"A great and lightful 65 sqm 2 bedrooms apartment in the heart of Montmartre, with plenty of restaurants, bars and shops nearby. The apartment is on 5th floor (small elevator) with a nice view over Paris.  2 bedrooms and a big living room, up to 6 persons including children, with bathroom and equiped kitchen.   The area Stay in the heart of Montmartre area, right between two of the most famous places in Paris: ""Moulin Rouge"" and ""Sacré-Coeur"". The street, rue Lepic is very typical, with plenty of food stores, terraces and restaurants. Metro stations are only at 5 minutes walk.  Montmartre is well known for being and having been home of famous artists, like Van Gogh who has been living right next door to your Bed and Breakfast rooms. We will show you copies of two paintings he made, which represent the same view over Paris you'll have from your rooms ! The ""Moulin de la Galette"" which inspired Renoir for his world famous painting is at 5 minutes walk ! The apartment Feel the real atmosph"
30147	"Mon appartement est accueillant, paisible et possède tout le confort. Le quartier est touristique mais la rue plutôt calme. La chambre est petite et donne sur une arrière-cour minérale -il n'y a pas de ""vue""-mais elle est fonctionnelle (un portant avec des cintres, un chiffonnier 5 tiroirs), calme et le lit est confortable (1,20m de large : une personne à l'aise). Thé et café sont en libre service dans la cuisine. Attention : l'heure d'arrivée en semaine se situe autour de 19 heures (en principe pas d'accueil possible en journée, je suis au bureau). Cet horaire est aménageable pour les arrivées pendant le week-end. Idem pour l'horaire de départ : 9h00 en semaine."	"Situé dans le quartier populaire et animé des Abbesses, mon appartement est lumineux, accueillant et à 5 minutes du métro. La chambre est petite mais calme (elle donne sur une arrière-cour) et confortable. Idéal pour femme voyageant seule. Mon appartement est accueillant, paisible et possède tout le confort. Le quartier est touristique mais la rue plutôt calme. La chambre est petite et donne sur une arrière-cour minérale -il n'y a pas de ""vue""-mais elle est fonctionnelle (un portant avec des cintres, un chiffonnier 5 tiroirs), calme et le lit est confortable (1,20m de large : une personne à l'aise). Thé et café sont en libre service dans la cuisine. Attention : l'heure d'arrivée en semaine se situe autour de 19 heures (en principe pas d'accueil possible en journée, je suis au bureau). Cet horaire est aménageable pour les arrivées pendant le week-end. Idem pour l'horaire de départ : 9h00 en semaine. Cuisine, salon, salle de bain, WC Je me ferai un plaisir de vous communiquer -dans toute"
30148	The apartment is protected from the noise of the city, it can accommodate up to 2 people, with possibility for late check out ;-)	Old Parisian cafe renovated at the bottom of Montmartre (Paris 18°), very bright and quiet. Large windows, equipped kitchen, washing machine, bath / WC, corner office with wifi, telephone, TV, printer. Close to shops 7/7. The apartment is protected from the noise of the city, it can accommodate up to 2 people, with possibility for late check out ;-) Very bright and quiet apartment with large windows, equipped kitchen with tea, coffee, oil, vinegar, salt..etc include. Washing machine, bath / WC, bed sheets and towels are provided. You have access to a corner office with wifi, telephone, TV, printer. I'll be available by phone during your visit for any question. You are 10 mins walk from St Ouen free market or Montmartre. Surprising and mixed neighborhood where you can find cheap restaurants, French, African, Kosher, Indians or Serbs .. the street is wedged between two Catholic and Orthodox churches, it is very quiet because there is no traffic and the cozy bars are higher. line 4 Simplo
30149	The apartment is romantic and warm, a bit excentric and very parisian. The larges spaces allow people to live there independently without inconvenience You'll feel at home, but in Paris ;-)	"in a romantic large duplex ""like an house"" : typical attic room for ONE person (env 9m2, single bed ) Sunny, with beautiful view on the roofs of Paris & plain sky. Calm, comfortable, with private bathroom on first floor (the room is upstairs) The apartment is romantic and warm, a bit excentric and very parisian. The larges spaces allow people to live there independently without inconvenience You'll feel at home, but in Paris ;-) Access to the fridge garanted for bottles, milk... but preferably not food. Access to kitchen is not included in the price. We can put a little table in the open library for the guests, if they stay more than 3 days and are quiet and clean. The use would be reserved at some moments of the day we can negociate together see : we are exactly there ! ;-) :  https://www.airbnb.com/locations/paris/montmartre and if you walk 15 mn you will be there : (website hidden) You'll be in the perfect location for visiting Paris : metro :  ligne 4 = direct to center of Paris (C"
30150	In a nice, sunny and furnished flat. Separate kitchen and bathroom. Secure building with “green” view. You will share the flat with 1 or 2 other roomates.	Separate furnished single room (locked with key). For a non-smoker, responsible person. 18th district, “Chateau-Rouge” Metro station area. Close to Sacré-Coeur. In a nice, light and furnished flat. Secure building. In a nice, sunny and furnished flat. Separate kitchen and bathroom. Secure building with “green” view. You will share the flat with 1 or 2 other roomates. Separate furnished single room (locked with key) . Access to the kitchen and bathroom. All bills included (Internet, local phone, insurance, light, heather, hot water, house cleaner). 18th district, “Chateau-Rouge” Metro station area.  Close to Sacré-Coeur and Montmartre. All conveniences and shops. Lots of transportations close by (Metro line 4, 2, 12 ; Bus (phone number hidden), Montmartrobus). Center of Paris at 15 minutes by Metro.
30151	calme confort typiquement montmartrois	superbe chambre/studio meublé tout confort au 4émé étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble montmartrois (coté abbesses) porte blindée sécurisée kitchenette cabine douche intégrale wc v(sur palier a usage exclusif a l'appartement)   calme confort typiquement montmartrois metro et bus facile proche sacré coeur montmartre metro et bus confort et calme 
30152		Studio rez de chaussé, situé rue custine, à 250mètres du sacré coeur, quartier vivant proche métro et tous commerces. Studio meublé haut de gamme, vous trouverez sur les photos la salle de bain à l'italienne, ainsi qu'un BedUp®... Bienvenue...
30153	This very bright flat is composed of a bedroom,  an extensive living-room (that can be used as a second bedroom), a shower-room, toilets, a kitchen and a small patio. Beware : the flat is at the last floor, there is no elevator. The flat is lavishly furnished and fitted. - In the bedroom : double bed, extra single mattress, wardrobe and chest of drawers - In the living room : double sofa bed, coffee table, TV, dining table - In the kitchen cook top, oven, coffee maker, refrigerator...	The best way to enjoy Paris ! Just near the Moulin Rouge and the Montmartre hillock. Impressive view on Paris rooftops and monuments. Bright apartment, comfortable, fully equipped. This very bright flat is composed of a bedroom,  an extensive living-room (that can be used as a second bedroom), a shower-room, toilets, a kitchen and a small patio. Beware : the flat is at the last floor, there is no elevator. The flat is lavishly furnished and fitted. - In the bedroom : double bed, extra single mattress, wardrobe and chest of drawers - In the living room : double sofa bed, coffee table, TV, dining table - In the kitchen cook top, oven, coffee maker, refrigerator... Very central location. You'll get very fast (not more than 30 minutes, wether you walk or take the metro) to the great departement stores of the Boulevard Haussmann, the Champs-Elysées avenue, Notre Dame de Paris, the Louvre Museum, the Pompidou Centre, the Orsay Museum... Disneyland Paris and Versailles are not too far too (le
30154	"Cosy and very quiet non smoking 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom, 3 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place! Sleeps: up to 3 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa single bed) The double bed room is on the second floor and people with physical problems may have difficulty with the tiny stairs.  Subway: Chateau Rouge (line 4), Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12) Surface area: 430 ft2 / 40 m2  Secured building with intercom  TV, Internet (+ airport express, wireless music!) , washing machine, towels, etc.. Full equipped Kitchen. The apartment is located on the 5th floor, no elevator! But a lovely view of the roofs of Paris ! Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village Within the City, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open Markets. Montmartre offers a unique experience of France: it has one of the latest vineyard of Paris, the ""funicular"" of Montmartre allows you for the price of a bus ride to g"	Here's a map of the Neighborhood with my favorites spots! (website hidden) Cosy and very quiet non smoking 2-room apartment with 1 bedroom, 3 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. If you want to experience a village into Paris, pick this place! Sleeps: up to 3 people (1 double bed + 1 sofa single bed) The double bed room is on the second floor and people with physical problems may have difficulty with the tiny stairs.  Subway: Chateau Rouge (line 4), Lamarck Caulaincourt (line 12) Surface area: 430 ft2 / 40 m2  Secured building with intercom  TV, Internet (+ airport express, wireless music!) , washing machine, towels, etc.. Full equipped Kitchen. The apartment is located on the 5th floor, no elevator! But a lovely view of the roofs of Paris ! Discover Montmartre and the unique feel of a small village Within the City, a relaxed atmosphere, overflows with cafes, restaurants, and several open Markets. Montmartre offers a unique experience of France: it has one of the latest vineyard of Paris
30155	"Joli Studio Chaleureux, le ""French style"" au pied de Montmartre, ideal pour découvrir Paris. Un Havre de paix au confort maximum : - Un Lit 2 places 140 x 200 cm.  et avec sa couette et ses 4 oreillers moelleux  - Une commode pour ranger vos affaires et son grand miroir typiquement parisien  - Une salle de bain  tout confort avec sa douche XL  d'inspiration Jean-pierre Raynaud qui raviront les amoureux du design - Des Accessoires électriques  pour faire chanter vos journées de visite : une bouilloire et un dock musical iPhone 4 ou autres pour écouter votre musique   NB - le studio n'a pas de cuisine - Possibilité de louer une place de parking à 50 mètres du studio "	"Studio romantique, chaleureux et confortable au rez de chaussé d'une cour paisible. A deux pas de Montmartre et de son Sacré Coeur, au coeur du village Ramey, de ses commerçants et de ses restaurants typiques parisiens et branchés .       Joli Studio Chaleureux, le ""French style"" au pied de Montmartre, ideal pour découvrir Paris. Un Havre de paix au confort maximum : - Un Lit 2 places 140 x 200 cm.  et avec sa couette et ses 4 oreillers moelleux  - Une commode pour ranger vos affaires et son grand miroir typiquement parisien  - Une salle de bain  tout confort avec sa douche XL  d'inspiration Jean-pierre Raynaud qui raviront les amoureux du design - Des Accessoires électriques  pour faire chanter vos journées de visite : une bouilloire et un dock musical iPhone 4 ou autres pour écouter votre musique   NB - le studio n'a pas de cuisine - Possibilité de louer une place de parking à 50 mètres du studio Montmartre à vos pieds ! vous serez à quelques minutes du Sacré Cœur, de la place du Ter"
30156	The flat has 3 bedrooms with large bed. The two rooms in the front have balcony and share a little bathroom and a private toilet. The other room (mine) has no balcony but a private bathroom space with a large shower.	Hi  As I am often away for the week-end I am seeking to rent my room.  I am sharing my 77m2 appartment with my two amasing roomates in Montmatre, Jules Joffrin. You will enjoy private shower and toilets while being there and a new decorated flat.  The flat has 3 bedrooms with large bed. The two rooms in the front have balcony and share a little bathroom and a private toilet. The other room (mine) has no balcony but a private bathroom space with a large shower. Private bedroom / bathroom with shower and toilet / kitchen & living room.  As many interaction as the guest want. We also know a little of Paris as living in the city for a long time and we'll be happy show you around. I also speek Spanish if needed.  Really quiet and well located. There is a street just behind the flat on the way to the subway stop full of stores : butcher, baker, chinese, greek, grocery, pharmacy, etc. Litterally everything. And on Wednesday and during the week-end the market is really nice.  The line 12 is ab
30157	Hello! I'm excited about opening up my awesome room to new and interesting travelers while I'm away for the summer! Since my roommate, Manon, is taking care of everything while I'm away, and she works full-time, we can only accept guests staying a minimum of 3 nights. Also, we would prefer to have only female applicants (sorry guys!). Thanks so much for your interest and understanding! Bon voyage à Paris! :) xoxo, Jane	Cozy room in a two bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor. Hardwood floors, queen-sized bed, wardrobe and closet space, comfy breakfast nook by the window with view to courtyard. Full access to bathroom, kitchen and living room. Wifi, cable, linens incl. Hello! I'm excited about opening up my awesome room to new and interesting travelers while I'm away for the summer! Since my roommate, Manon, is taking care of everything while I'm away, and she works full-time, we can only accept guests staying a minimum of 3 nights. Also, we would prefer to have only female applicants (sorry guys!). Thanks so much for your interest and understanding! Bon voyage à Paris! :) xoxo, Jane Access to bedroom, kitchen, toilet, bathroom and living room (with TV, DVD player and sewing machine). I won't be around, but my roommate, Manon, will be there most evenings (she works during the day) and will be happy to help you settle in to the place. The neighborhood is awesome! We have a little outdoor market right next
30158		Private bedroom receiving up to 2 people in a typical parisian flat of 85sq. meters with a big bathroom (with bathtub !)
30159	C'est un appartement d'artiste. Vous découvrirez des fresques peintes par votre hôte!	Appartement très calme, typiquement parisien situé au cœur du quartier des Abbesses; quartier toujours animé autant le jour comme la nuit! Etant artiste-peintre, je vous propose en plus: des balades dans Paris muni d'un carnet de Voyage! Enjoy! C'est un appartement d'artiste. Vous découvrirez des fresques peintes par votre hôte! Je serai présente pour vous recevoir et pendant votre séjour. Nous pourrons parler expos, musées, lieux atypiques de Paris...  Les ABBESSES est un quartier très vivant! De nombreux commerces, resto et cafés... Il se passe toujours un événement dans le quartier!...Ou sur la butte de Montmartre! métro n° 12, station  Abbesses ou ligne 2 station blanche. Il est très difficile de se garer mais il existe de nombreux parking. L'appartement est au calme
30160		MONTMARTRE, quartier des Abbesses  dans une rue très calme, grand duplex ensoleillé, orientation sud ouest, vue panoramique sur Paris, face à la tour Eiffel. 2 chambres, 2 SDB, 2 toilettes (dont 1 séparé). Possibilité 6 couchages(matelas gonflabe2p).
30161	The apartment was fully refurbished early 2011. It is of high quality, has 4 large windows with views on the private courtyards of the area, a traditional wooden floor and 3 nice traditional chimneys. Decoration is delicate. The apt has also a balcony with table and chairs to enjoy a drink and the sunshine. It offers a rare combination of advantages:  •A perfect location, lively but quiet : a few meters from the trendy Abbesses area, 1mn form the subway, close to the Sacré-Coeur. •The apartment offers 2 bedrooms. It can be used for up to 6 guests. 2nd bedroom & living room can be linked. •The overall quality of the apt is very high. Large windows bathe living room and bedrooms with light. The wooden floor gives a feeling of warmth. It is fully equipped. The living room area has a nice view on the old haussmannian buildings and private gardens of the vicinity. It is bathed in light by 2 windows that open of the balcony. It offers a flat TV, a chimney, a dining area for 6, a lounge area 	70m², 2 bdr, on the 2nd floor (no elevator) of a very nice brick and stone building close to Moulin Rouge. The old paved street is quiet and 100 m up reaches the most central area of Montmartre Rue des Abbesses in a safe and very familial environment The apartment was fully refurbished early 2011. It is of high quality, has 4 large windows with views on the private courtyards of the area, a traditional wooden floor and 3 nice traditional chimneys. Decoration is delicate. The apt has also a balcony with table and chairs to enjoy a drink and the sunshine. It offers a rare combination of advantages:  •A perfect location, lively but quiet : a few meters from the trendy Abbesses area, 1mn form the subway, close to the Sacré-Coeur. •The apartment offers 2 bedrooms. It can be used for up to 6 guests. 2nd bedroom & living room can be linked. •The overall quality of the apt is very high. Large windows bathe living room and bedrooms with light. The wooden floor gives a feeling of warmth. It is f
30162	This spacious triplex apartment (90 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  this place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equiped and 1 bathroom, and sleeps up to 7 guests. You will also benefit from a lovely terrasse that will make your stay even more enjoyable!	Pretty townhouse on 3 levels has Montmartre, Designed in a modern style,  you will feel all the comfort you need in an exceptional neighborhood!   This spacious triplex apartment (90 m2) combines style and comfort. Located on the ground floor, this place is a pleasure to stay in and is so close to any hot spot in town! With a Trendy touch and warmth of home, this experience will make you feel like you're part of the city and not just a visitor!  this place has 2 bedrooms, a kitchen fully equiped and 1 bathroom, and sleeps up to 7 guests. You will also benefit from a lovely terrasse that will make your stay even more enjoyable! Free Wifi Access and Cable TV provided I provide my clients with clean towels and linens I am always available for my guests You have heard of the Sacré Coeur, the Moulin Rouge and the Butte Montmartre – all these legendary names in one of the most exciting neighbourhoods in Paris.  Here is history and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else in the world – you c
30163	Nice and comfortable Parisian apartment in an Haussmanian building, ideally located, in the north of Paris, next to the flea market and Montmartre. Really nice and cosy 75 square meter apartment. Typically Parisian, it is in the 2nd floor. Enjoy a cosy apartment with furnished kitchen. You will have access at all furnitures you will need :  - Wifi  - Oven - Fridge and Freezer  - Everything you need to cook (I love to cook)  - washing machine - dishwasher - Linnen  - Towels I will be happy to give you my addresses (nice places to see, restaurants, shopping...). The room :  15 square meter, furnished, queensize bed. Very indépendant. The two bedrooms are very separated, so everyone has a total privacy. Hope to see you soon !	"One big bedroom (15 m2) to rent in a spacious and charming appartment, for  one or two people. Nice and comfortable Parisian apartment in an Haussmanian building, ideally located, in the north of Paris, next to the flea market and Montmartre. Really nice and cosy 75 square meter apartment. Typically Parisian, it is in the 2nd floor. Enjoy a cosy apartment with furnished kitchen. You will have access at all furnitures you will need :  - Wifi  - Oven - Fridge and Freezer  - Everything you need to cook (I love to cook)  - washing machine - dishwasher - Linnen  - Towels I will be happy to give you my addresses (nice places to see, restaurants, shopping...). The room :  15 square meter, furnished, queensize bed. Very indépendant. The two bedrooms are very separated, so everyone has a total privacy. Hope to see you soon ! The apartment is really close to transportation : subway Porte de Clignancourt (line 4), many buses, and 2 ""velib"" stations just at 2 min."
30164		45 m2, 3 room apartment, 2 bedrooms, not far from montmartre, place des abbesses (15 min walk).... Clear at 6th floor, next to the métro: guy moquet Paris 18th (lane 13)....
30165		Beau studio haussmannien entre le 17ème et 18ème à quelques minutes de Montmartre.  Tout le nécessaire pour un séjour agréable (TV, internet, salle de bain, cuisine équipée). Surrounded by bakeries, cafes, grocery stores, restaurants, metros 15 min to Montmartre walking 25 min to Pigalle Enjoy! 
30166	"A very beautiful and traditional Parisian apartment, with large balcony, close to Montmartre - Sacré-Coeur. Very nice neighborhood with bars, shops, ""village-like"" atmosphere. Spacious bedroom, living room, bathroom, kitchen."	"Typical apartment in a parisian building, located in a very nice and energetic neighborhood. A very beautiful and traditional Parisian apartment, with large balcony, close to Montmartre - Sacré-Coeur. Very nice neighborhood with bars, shops, ""village-like"" atmosphere. Spacious bedroom, living room, bathroom, kitchen. Bedroom, bathroom (shower, washing machine), kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven...). Living-room. Wi-fi. Balcony. We are 2 flatmates living in the apartment and we rent one of the rooms when one of us is out of town. The apartment is shared with one of us. "
30167	Comfortable and big space. Walkable to all the main places of Paris. Ideal for travellets and short term stays. One month to two months maximum.	Me and my flatmate are renting out aour lovely apartment in the heart of Montmartre, Paris. With just 10 mins walk away from Sacre Couer, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre village and 20 mins to the city center, enjoy the free spirited city of love. Comfortable and big space. Walkable to all the main places of Paris. Ideal for travellets and short term stays. One month to two months maximum. Shared flat.
30168	The apartment offers guests a sophisticated blend of traditional French and contemporary style:  modern new furniture and ancient parquet floor and marble fireplaces. Carefully selected furnishings create a space that is aesthetically pleasing, comfortable and practical. N° of guests: Ideally suited for 2 guests, it can easily accommodate 4 guests The renovated and redesigned apartment consists of a large dining-living room, a fully equipped modern open kitchen, a separate bedroom, and a modern bathroom. So why stay in an overpriced, undersized hotel room when you can live like a Parisian? I am confident you will have a memorable stay in my Montmartre apartment  ;-)	Located in the Montmartre District, this exclusive apartment, renovated in January 2015, sits in the 4th floor of a charming typical 17th century building, is suffused with natural light from large windows and has an open lateral view on the Sacre Coeur. The apartment offers guests a sophisticated blend of traditional French and contemporary style:  modern new furniture and ancient parquet floor and marble fireplaces. Carefully selected furnishings create a space that is aesthetically pleasing, comfortable and practical. N° of guests: Ideally suited for 2 guests, it can easily accommodate 4 guests The renovated and redesigned apartment consists of a large dining-living room, a fully equipped modern open kitchen, a separate bedroom, and a modern bathroom. So why stay in an overpriced, undersized hotel room when you can live like a Parisian? I am confident you will have a memorable stay in my Montmartre apartment  ;-) -Dining-living room: a table, several chairs, a very comfortable sofa-
30169	The flat has 3 separate bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets as well.	Placed between the great La Villette park and Montmartre, 2 minutes away from the Eole Gardens and the la Chapelle Market, this 3 bedrooms flat with kitchen and bathroom offers a lovely room to rent for 2 people.   The flat has 3 separate bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets as well. The rented room has a double bed (futon) table and  chairs. You'll have access to the kitchen and the toilets facilities.  You will have the apartment key so you can in and out as you please, 24 hours! My roommate Mathilde and I are living in this apartment in our own private rooms. We'll be happy to help you if you have any questions.  3 minutes walk to the subway line 12 (to Montmartre) bus (phone number hidden)) and tramway (T 3b) 10 minutes walk to subway 2 and 4 (to Père Lachaise, Notre Dame etc).  Direct route to Gare du Nord, Gare Saint Lazare and Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport
30170		Very bright apartment, 15 min stands of Montmartre and flea market of Saint-Ouen. Not far from a community garden and from Poteau street, for the gourmets. Quiet and pleasant district. I'm around most of the time, if you have any question or want some touristic information i will be here and available. Near Line 4 and 12, and lot of bus lane
30171	34 squares meters cosy and charming at the very heart of Montmartre. Wifi and calls included, you will be like at hom in this flat : full furnished for your pleasure. Big flat TV, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, kettle, hair dryer, all you need during you stay.  You will have also a real bed in a sofa, king size (160.200)	Beautiful furnished and equiped flat on the courtyard, located in the heart of the historic and lively district of Montmartre. Cosy with a surface of 34m2, exposed beams and stone and a comfortable bed of 160 * 200cm will make you feel like home away from home! 3 minutes from the Sacré - Coeur & Métro Abbesses, and not far from the Gare du Nord, it is ideal for short holidays and business trips to paris. Access to Wifi and linen is provided as well as bicycle storage. Flat in rental since 08/15 34 squares meters cosy and charming at the very heart of Montmartre. Wifi and calls included, you will be like at hom in this flat : full furnished for your pleasure. Big flat TV, dishwasher, washing machine, oven, kettle, hair dryer, all you need during you stay.  You will have also a real bed in a sofa, king size (160.200) You will have totally access of the flat. I'm at your disposition during your location by phone , and if you need anything, or just informations, it will be a pleasure for m
30172	Tous les équipements sont réunis pour faciliter votre séjour : connexion internet wifi, nombreuses chaines TV, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, machine Nespresso,... L'appartement vous est totalement dédié, profitez de tous les équipements ils sont là pour ça ! Dès réception de votre réservation, je vous adresse un email avec en pièce jointe un document PDF dans lequel vous trouverez l'ensemble des informations nécessaires à l'accès à l'appartement. Elles vous seront indispensables à votre arrivée et durant votre séjour En plein cœur de Montmartre, la rue Lepic vous offre un grand nombre de commerces de bouche traditionnels, des petites supérettes, ainsi qu'un grand choix de café et de restaurants Nous pouvons organiser vos transferts de et vers l'aéroport ou la gare, le chauffeur avec qui nous avons l'habitude de travailler est d'un sérieux sans faille Pour vos déplacements le métro Blanche est à 5 minutes à pieds de l'appartement Nous ne demandons pas de caution, en revanche nous vous rem	Une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel depuis ce 2 pièces fraîchement rénové.  Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, un canapé lit dans le salon complète le lit double de la chambre. A 20m de la rue Lepic, commerces et restaurants et le Sacré Coeur! Tous les équipements sont réunis pour faciliter votre séjour : connexion internet wifi, nombreuses chaines TV, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, machine Nespresso,... L'appartement vous est totalement dédié, profitez de tous les équipements ils sont là pour ça ! Dès réception de votre réservation, je vous adresse un email avec en pièce jointe un document PDF dans lequel vous trouverez l'ensemble des informations nécessaires à l'accès à l'appartement. Elles vous seront indispensables à votre arrivée et durant votre séjour En plein cœur de Montmartre, la rue Lepic vous offre un grand nombre de commerces de bouche traditionnels, des petites supérettes, ainsi qu'un grand choix de café et de restaurants Nous pouvons organiser vos transferts de et ver
30173	Chambre de 9 m2 à mi-chemin du sommet de la butte Montmartre, bénéficiant d'une vue imprenable sur le sommet de la basilique. Située au dernier étage d'un immeuble propre, elle est lumineuse et idéalement située à 50 m de la ligne 4 du métro Chambre de 9 m2 à mi-chemin du sommet de la butte Montmartre, bénéficiant d'une vue imprenable sur le sommet de la basilique. Située au dernier étage d'un immeuble propre, elle est lumineuse et idéalement située à 50 m de la ligne 4 du métro Petite chambre cosy, elle bénéficie d'une salle de bain Kitchenette de 3 m2, privée sur le palier, et d'un WC à partager avec un autre habitant de l'étage. Les deux autres logements de l'étage étant indépendants. Les voyageurs bénéficieront d'une kitchenette et d'une SDB privée sur le pallier. Les draps et les serviettes de bain seront fournis. Proche de la gare du nord (2 stations en métro par la ligne 4). Ma femme travaillant à 50 ml du logement vous accueillera de 10h00 à 20h00 tous les jours, pour vous reme	Chambre de 9 m2 à mi-chemin du sommet de la butte Montmartre, bénéficiant d'une vue imprenable sur le sommet de la basilique. Située au dernier étage d'un immeuble propre, elle est lumineuse et idéalement située à 50 m de la ligne 4 du métro Chambre de 9 m2 à mi-chemin du sommet de la butte Montmartre, bénéficiant d'une vue imprenable sur le sommet de la basilique. Située au dernier étage d'un immeuble propre, elle est lumineuse et idéalement située à 50 m de la ligne 4 du métro Petite chambre cosy, elle bénéficie d'une salle de bain Kitchenette de 3 m2, privée sur le palier, et d'un WC à partager avec un autre habitant de l'étage. Les deux autres logements de l'étage étant indépendants. Les voyageurs bénéficieront d'une kitchenette et d'une SDB privée sur le pallier. Les draps et les serviettes de bain seront fournis. Proche de la gare du nord (2 stations en métro par la ligne 4). Ma femme travaillant à 50 ml du logement vous accueillera de 10h00 à 20h00 tous les jours, pour vous reme
30174	A real parisian apartmant in an old beautiful building.	Two-Room-Apartment situated in Montmartre, lovely neighboorhood, very parisian. Room with a double bed, perfect for a couple or a single person. With access to the balcony. Sunlight during the day. Kitchen and bathroom shared.
30175	Hello, I live alone in my nice and charming apartement of 18eme district. It's a popular area, very safe, really close to the touristic districts, Montmartre, the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle, the Puces of Clignancourt and the Puces of Saint-Ouen. Down the building, you have restaurants, bakerys, supermarkets, pharmacy etc... The room is at the end of apartment wich is perfect for intimity, really calm.  I give you shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel, toothpaste, and towels.  My apartment is 2 minute to walk to metro Simplon (line 4) and 5/6 minutes to metro Jules joffrin (12), it is very easy to join Montmartre (2 stops) and Pigalle (3), or the center of Paris in 20 minutes. There is so many delicious little restaurants close to the flat, and some supermarket who closed at midnight, and sweets bakers. My hosts will have access to the WiFi. The room is equipped with a bed for two, with a closet.  The bathroom is just near to the bedroom. Check in and check out times can be flexible If you're	Two-rooms apartment with balcony, bright, quiet, without vis- à-vis, with a view of the Sacré-Coeur. Ideally located in the heart of a popular district, close to the Puces, Pigalle and Montmartre. You'll love it. Hello, I live alone in my nice and charming apartement of 18eme district. It's a popular area, very safe, really close to the touristic districts, Montmartre, the Sacré-Coeur, Pigalle, the Puces of Clignancourt and the Puces of Saint-Ouen. Down the building, you have restaurants, bakerys, supermarkets, pharmacy etc... The room is at the end of apartment wich is perfect for intimity, really calm.  I give you shampoo, hair conditioner, shower gel, toothpaste, and towels.  My apartment is 2 minute to walk to metro Simplon (line 4) and 5/6 minutes to metro Jules joffrin (12), it is very easy to join Montmartre (2 stops) and Pigalle (3), or the center of Paris in 20 minutes. There is so many delicious little restaurants close to the flat, and some supermarket who closed at midnight
30176		Appartement typique , grande chambre , salon salle a manger , au pied de la butte Montmartre , quartier animé avec nombreux commerces , deux stations de métro à proximité (ligne 12) dispo du 26 juillet au 17 août
30177	French style and very unique and artsy apartment. Comfortable for 2 to 3.  	"Very cosy modern and colorful apartment in the heart of Montmartre, a block away from Abesses metro station, 5min walk to Sacre Coeur. One double bedroom / fully equipped open kitchen / living room with convertible couch / private bathroom French style and very unique and artsy apartment. Comfortable for 2 to 3.  Whole apartment available. Most often than not I will be the one welcoming you and giving you the keys. Exceptionally, my son or relatives might have to do it. The neighborhood has inspired most of Parisian artists. It is filled of galleries, ateliers, and street art. The closest drugstore is the famous one from the French movie ""Amelie Poulain"". Sacre Coeur is 5min walk Everything you need at walk distance from the finest grocery stores/patisseries/bakeries to the nicest restaurants. Easy access from Abesses station, bus (30 that goes straight to Champs Élysées and 67 straight to Louvre and Le Marais), walk distance to Moulin Rouge. You won't regret it"
30178	Inside our flat, 52m², you will enjoy the living room with modern TV, stereo music, high speed internet connection and, in the bed room, you will have happy sleep with our memory foam mattress. The kitchen is equiped with dish washer, washing machin, micro wave, oven, fridge, nespresso... In the bathroom, you will relax in a jacuzzi hot tub.	Welcome to our comfortable  and full of character appartment in the heart of  Montmartre, one of the most typical and visited areas of Paris. Our flat of charm tastefully decorated in a bourgeois building safe and quiet. Inside our flat, 52m², you will enjoy the living room with modern TV, stereo music, high speed internet connection and, in the bed room, you will have happy sleep with our memory foam mattress. The kitchen is equiped with dish washer, washing machin, micro wave, oven, fridge, nespresso... In the bathroom, you will relax in a jacuzzi hot tub. You will be in a privileged place : only one minute to reach the famous Church Sacré Cœur, our flat is located at two steps from place du Tertre : a real bohemian atmosphere  is waiting for you, get your portrait done by an artist, it's worth the memory; discover Montmartre walk in the footsteps of Van Gogh and Pablo Picasso, visit Art Galeries, museums...and don't Forget the Moulin Rouge. It's an ideal base from where you can expl
30179	Very nice flat, 33m2, in the north of Paris, close to Montmartre. Ideal to spend holidays as a couple or with a friend. All furnished and comfortable. Nice and cosy, very calm. Please contact me for more information if needed! Welcome to Paris :) The appartment is located in a very nice area of Paris, close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur. The building is calm and friendly. The space is big enough for two people to fully enjoy a comfortable stay in one of the best cities in the world. The most important thing is that my guests feel at home, safe and comfortable. The kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom are fully at disposal.  The area is very lively and mixed. All kinds of bars, restaurants, cheese and fruit shops and supermarkets are within a 2 minute walking distance. The area is very friendly and the lovely neighborhood of Montmartre is only at a 10 minute walking distance; An ideal area for having strolls and enjoying Parisian life. The apartment is located at only 3 minute	Appartement mignon et confortable très bien situé dans le 18ème à 10 min de Montmartre. Deux pièces de 33m2, idéal pour passer des vacances en couple ou entre ami(e)s. Tout équipé et calme. Parfait pour rentrer le soir d'une longue journée à Paris! Very nice flat, 33m2, in the north of Paris, close to Montmartre. Ideal to spend holidays as a couple or with a friend. All furnished and comfortable. Nice and cosy, very calm. Please contact me for more information if needed! Welcome to Paris :) The appartment is located in a very nice area of Paris, close to Montmartre and the Sacre Coeur. The building is calm and friendly. The space is big enough for two people to fully enjoy a comfortable stay in one of the best cities in the world. The most important thing is that my guests feel at home, safe and comfortable. The kitchen, bathroom, living room and bedroom are fully at disposal.  The area is very lively and mixed. All kinds of bars, restaurants, cheese and fruit shops and supermarkets ar
30180	Quartier Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur. La rue Lepic propose tous les commerce d'alimentation, restaurant et bars typiques de Montmartre.	"Studette au 6ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble montmartrois, kitchenette équipée, canapé convertible de 130 cm, tv avec les chaines du cable, internet avec wifi, vraie douche... Toilettes sur le palier (2 utilisateurs). Rue Lepic, très typique et à deux pas des métros Abesse ou Blanche. Quartier Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur. La rue Lepic propose tous les commerce d'alimentation, restaurant et bars typiques de Montmartre. La studette est privative à 100%. Montmartre est très ""village"", avec une ambiance à part, des restaurant et des bars ouverts tard le soir, et où tout peut se faire à pieds. Metro Abesse (ligne 12) ou Blanche (ligne 2)"
30181	L'appartement est spacieux (environ 80m2) avec séjour, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire. L'appartement a du charme, parquet au sol, cheminées en marbre surmontées de grands et beaux miroir, moulure au plafond etc.	Vous partagerez ce Bel appart situé à 10min à pied du Sacré Coeur avec mes 2 charmants colloc Camille et Fred qui se feront une joie de vous donner les bonnes adresses du quartier. L'appartement est spacieux (environ 80m2) avec séjour, cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire. L'appartement a du charme, parquet au sol, cheminées en marbre surmontées de grands et beaux miroir, moulure au plafond etc. Vous vivrez avec mes 2 collocs qui sont très accueillant et vous pourrez donc utiliser les parties communes à votre guise et ainsi partager un moment avec eux si le coeur vous en dit. Seul règle: le savoir vivre!!! Vous pourrez tentez de me joindre via l'application whatsapp ou par mail et j'essaierai de vous répondre si je reçois vos message car je serai en déplacement en Indonésie. Mais mes collocs répondront à vos questions si je suis injoignable
30182	Beautiful apartment completely rebuilt.  All comfort:  - Bedroom with king size bed - Bathroom equipped (bath, double sink, washer / dryer) - Kitchen all equipped with dishwasher - Large Scandinavian Deco lounge with a large TV screen, hifi, wifi.	"Nice appartement of 50m2 totally repainted with new kitchen and new bathroom. Place very quiet and comfortable. King size bed. 4 minutes walking from metro line 13 and 8 minutes walking from metro line 4.  Underground parking spot included. Beautiful apartment completely rebuilt.  All comfort:  - Bedroom with king size bed - Bathroom equipped (bath, double sink, washer / dryer) - Kitchen all equipped with dishwasher - Large Scandinavian Deco lounge with a large TV screen, hifi, wifi. Entire apartment and private underground parking spot. Less than 5 minutes walking: - Ordener street known for its restaurants and food sellers. - Nice restaurants and bars (as La Bricole at the corner of the steet where you can enjoy a typical ""assiette de charcuterie et de fromage"" with a good red wine glass for 15 euros !  5 to 10 minutes walking: - PUCES, biggest bric-a-brac and antiquities shops in Paris !  10 to 15 minutes walking: - Sacre Coeur / Montmartre and you can really enjoy the walk to there"
30183		Situé devant le Moulin Rouge et à quelques pas du Sacré Cœur vous profiterez de l'ambiance parisienne de ce quartier mythique.
30184	Appartement de 50 m2 avec 2 chambres dont une avec un lit double et l'autre avec 2 lits simples qui peuvent se transformer en lit double.  Lave-vaisselle  Lave linge Carrefour, Monoprix, boulangerie et un excellent traiteur japonais au bout de la rue.  	"Appartement 2 chambres pour passer un super weekend parisien dans le quartier Guy Môquet. (50m2) A 15 minutes à pieds du Moulin Rouge et de Montmartre. Quartier vivant où il est agréable de s'y promener. Un parc se situe à 10 minutes à pieds. Appartement de 50 m2 avec 2 chambres dont une avec un lit double et l'autre avec 2 lits simples qui peuvent se transformer en lit double.  Lave-vaisselle  Lave linge Carrefour, Monoprix, boulangerie et un excellent traiteur japonais au bout de la rue. Quartier dynamique Métro 13 : Arrêt Guy Môquet ""Asnières/Saint Denis à Montrouge"" Métro 12 : Arrêt Jules Joffrin ""Mairie d'Issy à Front Populaire"" Métro 4 : Arrêt Porte de Clignancourt ""Porte de Clignancourt à Châtelet"" Bus 31 : Arrêt Vauvenargues  ""Gare de l'est à Charles de Gaulle Etoile"" Bus 81 : Arrêt Championnet ""Porte de Saint-Ouen à Chatelet"""
30185	> 1 salon avec canapé convertible pour 2 personnes  > 1 chambre avec un lit double  > 1 cuisine séparée ouverte sur l'entrée qui crée une 3ème pièce > Salle de bain + WC  > Buanderie 	2 rooms (1 livingroom + 1 bedroom) with a separate open kitchen. The apartment is located in a quiet zone, nearby Montmartre & just at 5 minutes away from Marcadet-Poissonniers station (line 4 & 12) which brings you very quickly anywhere in Paris. Washing machine, dishwacher Nearby Montmartre, quiet neighborhood with everything you need nearby : nice bars, supermarkets, markets 3 times a week, bakeries, banks, secondhand clothes shops (named Guerrisol), ... Very reachable by transports.  Metro MARCADET-POISSONNIERS : Lines 4 & 12 + many buses.  > From 10 to 30 minutes to everything central places in Paris, by metro. > Direct access to many main places : Montmartre & Pigalle (even walking), Marché des Puces (walking), Châtelet-Les Halles, Catedral Notre-Dame, Beaubourg Museum, Catacombs, St Michel (old center), Concorde (down the Champs-Elysées Avenue), Grands Magasins Paris : Printemps & Galeries Lafayette... > Direct access to many stations with long distance trains : Gare de l'Est, G
30186	Mon logement est un appartement parisien typique, un ancien parquet bien foncé qui craque sous les pas, deux jolies pièces en enfilade, de discrètes moulures. La salle de bain possède une baignoire et une fenêtre. La bibliothèque est bien fournie pour les lecteurs curieux. 	Cet appartement se compose d'une cuisine, d'un séjour, d'une chambre et d'une salle de bain. Il est situé entre les métro Lamarck-Caulaincourt et Jules Joffrin, à deux pas de la butte Montmartre, d'une multitude de bars, restaurants et petits cafés. Mon logement est un appartement parisien typique, un ancien parquet bien foncé qui craque sous les pas, deux jolies pièces en enfilade, de discrètes moulures. La salle de bain possède une baignoire et une fenêtre. La bibliothèque est bien fournie pour les lecteurs curieux. Les quartiers qui composent le 18ème arrondissement sont très divers, l'historique Goûte d'Or, le touristique Montmartre, Lamarck-Caulaincourt plus branché. L'appartement se situe au coeur de tout cela, les bars, cafés et restaurants sont à 5 minutes à pieds et toujours ensoleillés, le Sacré coeur à 10 minutes. La très commerçante rue du Poteau offre de petites halles pour les fruits et légumes excellents, un boucher, un fromager meilleur ouvrier de France, un traiteur gr
30187	"Very nice & calm 2 rooms fully renovated apartment.  * 1 living room with fully equipped (fridge, micro waves, ceramic cooking plates, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) kitchenette and a sofa bed that can accommodate a child.  * 1 room with a bed (140x200 ; 4 pilows) for 2 persons, a large dressing and a direct acces to the bathroom with a shower.  * Separated WC with a Washing machine The apartment is rented with sheets for both beds(the main bed will be done when you arrive), towels, crockery, 2 pans & 2 stoves, a blender, water glaces, win glaces & ""flutes"" à champagne, an aspirator, an iron, a hair dryer"	"Charming 2 pieces Parisian apartment right under Montmartre & the Sacré Coeur, a two minutes-walk from the lively neighbourhood of the Moulin Rouge, a ten minutes-walk from the Grands Magasins, Paris main shopping area! Ideal for couples or alone. Very nice & calm 2 rooms fully renovated apartment.  * 1 living room with fully equipped (fridge, micro waves, ceramic cooking plates, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) kitchenette and a sofa bed that can accommodate a child.  * 1 room with a bed (140x200 ; 4 pilows) for 2 persons, a large dressing and a direct acces to the bathroom with a shower.  * Separated WC with a Washing machine The apartment is rented with sheets for both beds(the main bed will be done when you arrive), towels, crockery, 2 pans & 2 stoves, a blender, water glaces, win glaces & ""flutes"" à champagne, an aspirator, an iron, a hair dryer The apartment will be all for yourself :-) From ""Gare du Nord"" : walking or by Subway : * Walking : walk down ""rue de dunkerque"" straight f"
30188	This little apartment is perfect for a couple or family who wants to visit Paris. Completely renovated with a modern and uncluttered decoration, it is made of a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchenette, a bathroom and a laundry room. Come in and enjoy the luminosity and beautiful clear view that this apartment offers you.	This little apartment is perfect for a couple or family who wants to visit Paris. Completely renovated with a modern and uncluttered decoration, it is made of a bedroom, a living room with an open kitchenette, a bathroom and a laundry room. Come in and enjoy the luminosity and beautiful clear view that this apartment offers you. Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists who have marked the twentieth century. Château Rouge M4 Barbès-Rochechouart M2 M4 We inform you that we set
30189	Logement spacieux de 75m2 avec terrasse accessible depuis les chambres. En rez-de-chaussée. Lumineux avec tout le confort.	Je loue ma chambre pendant 2 semaines. Dans un appartement de 75m2, j'ai un colocataire de 26 ans qui travaille toute la journée et rentre tard le soir.  Mon appartement se situe dans une résidence sécurisée proche du métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12). Logement spacieux de 75m2 avec terrasse accessible depuis les chambres. En rez-de-chaussée. Lumineux avec tout le confort. Accès à ma chambre, le salon, la cuisine, la laundry room et la salle de bain. Je serai absente durant votre séjour mais mon colocataire ou une amie à moi seront disponible en cas de besoin. Le quartier est cosmopolite. Vous y trouvez des restaurants très sympa, bon et au prix très abordable. Il y a un marché très connu dans le 18 ème à deux pas : le marché de l'olive. Ouvert tous les jours sauf le lundi. Le quartier est familiale et avec toutes les commodités nécessaires proche (supermarchés, épicerie, banque, magasins...) Mon appartement se situe proche de la station Marx Dormoy de la ligne 12 (direct vers la gare Montp
30190		Charmant studio doté d'un jardin + terrasse . Très calme ; vous serez réveillé le matin par le chant des oiseaux . et oui ... ça existe à Paris ... Je n'ai pas réussi à télécharger d'autres photo , mais je me ferais un plaisir de vous les envoyer .
30191		Welcoming studio in the neighborhood of Montmartre. Splendid view over the CBD La Defense. We can even see the Eiffel tower ! Can host untill 3 people. 
30192		Charmant pied à terre au pied du Sacré Cœur et de ses célèbres marches. Ce grand studio rénové et pouvant accueillir 4 personnes offre une vue imprenable sur la basilique, mais aussi sur les toits de Paris et même sur la tour Eiffel. Il vous offre une petite cuisine avec un Lave vaisselle et un bar pour diner, une chambre avec un lit double, une salle de bain avec douche, et un living room avec deux sofas faisant office de lit. C'est vraiment l'endroit idéal pour des vacan nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. Appartement situé au pied de la butte Montmartre dans un quartier plein de vie. Vous pourrez prendre votre café crème et le croissant du matin dans les plus authentiques cafés du quartier. Un 'Escalier vers le ciel' vous mènera à la Place de Tertre et à la Basilique de Sacré Cœur. De là vous aurez la vue la plus splendide sur Paris et vous aurez peut-être envie d'allumer une bougie à l'intérieur de l'Église, touché par la spiritualité et la beauté saisissantes de ce site s
30193		Hello I am often away at weekends and sometimes during the week, I suggest you spend a pleasant stay in my home sweet (website hidden) is at the heart of the 18th, near the town hall, in a nice neighborhood and it contains all the amenities.I let you discover
30194	Situé au 12eme étage, l'appartement est très lumineux et offre une vue magnifique sur Paris. 2 chambres et 2 salles de bain + canapé lit + lit de bebe avec table a langer  Décoré avec goût, il offre un cadre de vie très agréable, idéal pour rendre votre séjour parisien le plus réussi possible Plusieurs stations de métro à proximité. Un bus direct vous emmène aux Grands magasins, Opéra ou quartier de St Germain des près   Les puces de st ouen le w end a 5 min a pied  Le sacre cœur a 15 min a pied  Nombreux restaurants  Les abbesses avec magasins ouvert le dimanche  Il y a une place de parking avec accès direct a l appartement  Transports en commun bus 95 station Jules Joffrin L12/ Guy Môquet L13  /porte de Clignancourt L4  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis  À disposition des produits de toilette comme à l hôtel sont à votre disposition  Pour le premier petit déjeuner mis à disposition café / thé / beurre/ confiture maison  mais pas le pain frais !  Plusieurs stations de métro à p	Situė entre le Sacré Cœur et les Puces de St Ouen. Appartement au dessus des toits avec vue imprenable sur la tour Eiffel et les monuments parisiens avec le bus direct au pied de l'appartement qui vous emmène aux grands magasin, opéra, St germain . Situé au 12eme étage, l'appartement est très lumineux et offre une vue magnifique sur Paris. 2 chambres et 2 salles de bain + canapé lit + lit de bebe avec table a langer  Décoré avec goût, il offre un cadre de vie très agréable, idéal pour rendre votre séjour parisien le plus réussi possible Plusieurs stations de métro à proximité. Un bus direct vous emmène aux Grands magasins, Opéra ou quartier de St Germain des près   Les puces de st ouen le w end a 5 min a pied  Le sacre cœur a 15 min a pied  Nombreux restaurants  Les abbesses avec magasins ouvert le dimanche  Il y a une place de parking avec accès direct a l appartement  Transports en commun bus 95 station Jules Joffrin L12/ Guy Môquet L13  /porte de Clignancourt L4  Les draps et les se
30195		Charming 2 rooms apartment in North Pigalle, in a very typical Parisian street. 5 min walking distance from the Sacre Coeur and right next to the trendy bars and clubs of Sopi. You'll reach the center of Paris with line 2 and 12 easily.
30196		Deux pieces de 36 metres-carrés ,  appartement  chaleureux au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus attractif  charmant et authentique de la capital ,L'appartement est calme et lumineux  il est aussi très bien équipé la wifi est disponible
30197	Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur), mon appartement vous offre une vue splendide sur le Sacré Cœur et sur Paris. Il est très calme.  Il se compose de : - une chambre avec un vrai lit et une commode vide pour ranger vos affaires,  - une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver - des toilettes séparés  - une entrée  - un salon avec canapé convertible, table basse pouvant se remonter pour servir de table à manger, bureau et cheminée (non utilisable). Vous avez également des chaises pliantes à votre disposition  - une petite cuisine bien équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques à induction, nécessaire de cuisine) Photos supplémentaires sur demande Vous pouvez également profiter d'une télévision avec câble, d'une connexion internet avec wifi et d'une machine à laver.  Les draps et les serviettes sont inclus, le ménage peut être fait lors de votre départ pour un supplément de 20€ (sauf la vaisselle)	Joli 2 pièces (30 m2) bien situé et très calme, vue sur le Sacré Cœur et sur Paris. Idéal en couple ou entre amis.  Proche commerces, restaurants, transports, à deux pas du Sacré Cœur.  Venez découvrir Paris dans l'un des quartiers les plus célèbres de la capitale ! Situé au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur), mon appartement vous offre une vue splendide sur le Sacré Cœur et sur Paris. Il est très calme.  Il se compose de : - une chambre avec un vrai lit et une commode vide pour ranger vos affaires,  - une salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver - des toilettes séparés  - une entrée  - un salon avec canapé convertible, table basse pouvant se remonter pour servir de table à manger, bureau et cheminée (non utilisable). Vous avez également des chaises pliantes à votre disposition  - une petite cuisine bien équipée (four, micro-onde, plaques à induction, nécessaire de cuisine) Photos supplémentaires sur demande Vous pouvez également profiter d'une télévision avec câble, d'une connexion in
30198	Logement douillet et typique parisien pour 2 personnes, idéalement situé à Montmartre, proche Sacré Cœur - quartier vivant et bien desservi par les transports en commun et commerces	Logement douillet et typique parisien pour 2 personnes, idéalement situé à Montmartre, proche Sacré Cœur - quartier vivant et bien desservi par les transports en commun et commerces appartement entièrement équipé, tv, wifi, internet, machine à laver/séchante. Nous habitons également le quartier et sommes donc proches si besoin Quartier recherché de Montmartre, situé au pied des marches, proche Sacré Cœur, rue calme dans quartier vivant typique , proche transports en commun et commerces (centres commerciaux et commerces de bouche, restaurants) Métro : Ligne 12 : Station : Abbesses ou Pigalle Ligne 2 : Station : Pigalle Bus : lignes 30, 54, 67 et Montmartrobus 
30199	Typical Parisian Flat in Montmartre 3rd Floor on courtyard, quite and charming. Double living room with wooden floor, and two old made large windows . Chimney and  30's decoration.  Video-projector with a 2 meters base screen, 5.1 sound, and access to freebox. Fully equiped kitchen (hoven, micro wave, dishwasher, fridge... One large bedroom (20 m2) with a king size bed, large wardrobe.  Bathroom with bath and toilets.  Very quite flat in the cutest area in Paris.  Ideally located, two hundred meters from Montmartre Butte, in the heart of an lively neighbourhood. Cafés et terrasses typically parisian.    Proximity of typically French shops: bakerie, cheese shop, bio vegetables etc...  less than one minute walking. Proximit of restaurants :French, Italian, Japanese, Polish, etc... Proximity of grocery store less than  minutes walking.   Very easily accessed: closest metro stations: Barbes, Anvers or Chateau Rouge.   Perfect flat for an intimate discovery of Paris. Perfect for couples. 	Typical Parisian Flat in Montmartre 3rd Floor on courtyard, quite and charming. Double living room with wooden floor, and two old made large windows . Chimney and  30's decoration.  Video-projector with a 2 meters base screen, 5.1 sound, and access to freebox. Fully equiped kitchen (hoven, micro wave, dishwasher, fridge... One large bedroom (20 m2) with a king size bed, large wardrobe.  Bathroom with bath and toilets.  Very quite flat in the cutest area in Paris.  Ideally located, two hundred meters from Montmartre Butte, in the heart of an lively neighbourhood. Cafés et terrasses typically parisian.    Proximity of typically French shops: bakerie, cheese shop, bio vegetables etc...  less than one minute walking. Proximit of restaurants :French, Italian, Japanese, Polish, etc... Proximity of grocery store less than  minutes walking.   Very easily accessed: closest metro stations: Barbes, Anvers or Chateau Rouge.   Perfect flat for an intimate discovery of Paris. Perfect for couples. 
30200	My flat is a 50m² apt, simple but cosy one, composed by a big en-suite bedroom of 12m² (mine) & a second bedroom of 6m² (the one of my flatmate). Each room have double beds and got clothes storages . The living room is pretty big and pleasant. The sofa can be used as an extra bed as well if you need. It's not a convertible couch but a quite comfy one. The kitchen is fully equiped with gas stove, microwave, washing machine, steam cooking machine, etc Linen furnished.	Nice, quite & welcoming parisian flat, located close to Montmartre. My room  is to rent time to time
30201		Montmartre, à la fois Paris mais aussi un petit quelque chose d'autre. Au 7eme étage (avec ascenseur !), ce studio cosy doté d'une vraie cuisine, d'une salle de bains, dans une résidence années 30 s'ouvre comme un balcon sur la capitale !
30202	The apartment is 100 mq with two bedrooms, a kitchen fully equipped (four, frigo, freezer, washing machine) and a large dining room and living room (20 mq), a bathroom with a bath/shower.	Spacious luminous private room in a shared flat in a lovely neighbourhood! Two bedroom appartment, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, huge salon and balcony.  Wifi, washing machine. Between Montmartre and Batignolles. Metro station The apartment is 100 mq with two bedrooms, a kitchen fully equipped (four, frigo, freezer, washing machine) and a large dining room and living room (20 mq), a bathroom with a bath/shower.
30203	Location  Located in the enchanting Montmartre, you are able to walk to most places of interest, and the surrounding area is wonderful. You will be at the heart of the Montmartre village, on the Abbesses street, street full of trendy cafes and restaurants to choose, and 5 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur. You are also 100 meters from 2 supermarkets, open until 9pm. Description Situated on the 1st floor (access by the basement), you will enjoy the terrace with flowers, a table and 4 chairs. The flat is suitable for 4 people, 2 adults and 2 children (+ one child up to 3y),  There is a window in each room. There’s also a baby cot in one of the room. You will also find many toys and one high chair. For your comfort, this is a non-smoking apartment.  	Perfect flat for a family in the rue des Abbesses, heart of Montmartre Location  Located in the enchanting Montmartre, you are able to walk to most places of interest, and the surrounding area is wonderful. You will be at the heart of the Montmartre village, on the Abbesses street, street full of trendy cafes and restaurants to choose, and 5 minutes walking from Sacré Coeur. You are also 100 meters from 2 supermarkets, open until 9pm. Description Situated on the 1st floor (access by the basement), you will enjoy the terrace with flowers, a table and 4 chairs. The flat is suitable for 4 people, 2 adults and 2 children (+ one child up to 3y),  There is a window in each room. There’s also a baby cot in one of the room. You will also find many toys and one high chair. For your comfort, this is a non-smoking apartment.  Features and Amenities  Modern kitchen appliances: Refrigerator/Freezer, Dishwasher, Nespresso, toaster, Oven, Microwave Bathroom : Linens and towels, Bath, Washer  Flat scr
30204	Welcome in the heart of Paris, in a cosmopolitan and lively area ! 15 min walking from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Marché Saint Pierre (textile market). 10 min walking  from Canal saint Martin. Lots of restaurants, bars, theatre, cinema, concert hall, markets, groceries. In the North of Paris at La Chapelle, very well connected : 2 min from Metro La Chapelle (line 2) 4 min from Metro Stalingrad (line 5) 4 min from Metro Marx Dormoy (line 12) 5 min from gare du nord (railway station) 10 min from gare de l'est (railway station) 2 min from bike station (velib). Very cute room with long balcony, sofa bed (double), desk, library, lots of beautiful plants to feel like home. US kitchen and spacious living room with balcony, view on the eiffel tower ! Oven, microwave, washing machine. Bathroom with shower, toilets. Feel free to contact us for more details !	Welcome in the heart of Paris, in a cosmopolitan & lively area! You'll have your own double bedroom, desk & big sunny balcony with plants and flowers. Access to the kitchen and bathroom.Wifi. View on the Eiffel tower. 6th floor without elevator. Welcome in the heart of Paris, in a cosmopolitan and lively area ! 15 min walking from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur), Pigalle (Moulin Rouge), Marché Saint Pierre (textile market). 10 min walking  from Canal saint Martin. Lots of restaurants, bars, theatre, cinema, concert hall, markets, groceries. In the North of Paris at La Chapelle, very well connected : 2 min from Metro La Chapelle (line 2) 4 min from Metro Stalingrad (line 5) 4 min from Metro Marx Dormoy (line 12) 5 min from gare du nord (railway station) 10 min from gare de l'est (railway station) 2 min from bike station (velib). Very cute room with long balcony, sofa bed (double), desk, library, lots of beautiful plants to feel like home. US kitchen and spacious living room with balcony, view 
30205	It's located on the 3rd floor of a typical 19th century building.  The apartment is 42m² and your room is 16m².  There is a comfortable sofa/bed (140cm x 190cm).  The bed linen are included and they are always clean.  There is a TV, a radio/CD player and a WIFI internet connection. I have a key for you so you can come in and out at any time you want. 	I propose to you a charming room in a Parisian typical apartment with bathroom, toilet and fully-equiped kitchen, just a step from Montmatre, Pigalle, Saint-ouen flea market. In the neighborhood you will find all convenience shops you need, very nice restaurants/bars. Perfect for a stay in Paris! It's located on the 3rd floor of a typical 19th century building.  The apartment is 42m² and your room is 16m².  There is a comfortable sofa/bed (140cm x 190cm).  The bed linen are included and they are always clean.  There is a TV, a radio/CD player and a WIFI internet connection. I have a key for you so you can come in and out at any time you want. You have a free access to the bathroom, the toilet and the fully-equipped kitchen (wash machine - fridge - cook tops - microwave - oven - toaster - kitchenware...). I shall try as far as possible to facilitate your stay if you need advices and indications (with my frenglish :)
30206	Ideal for a trip to Paris, the location of this apartment is in the Montmartre district of Paris, a few meters from the funicular of the Sacred Heart and less than 100 meters from Abbesses metro station (line 12). The functional apartment of 40 sqm, located in the second courtyard of the building is very quiet. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. Better equipped than a B & B, the apartment consists of a living room (with wall bed 2 places) with an LCD TV, a PC / Apple, internet, and free access to landline phone numbers of104 countries, with a room safe, a kitchen with a dishwasher, a washing machine, oven, 4 hotplates, a modern bathroom with a jacuzzi bath, shower that include multi-jets, and a hammam for your relaxation and well-being. The apartment is also equipped with air conditioning. Finally, the rental price of this Parisian apartment includes bed linen, blankets, towels, hair dryers irons ...	In one word: amazing !!, very nice apartment in a very lively area with everything you need like shops nearby! Apartment very clean and very well organized and very well located. Ideal for a trip to Paris, the location of this apartment is in the Montmartre district of Paris, a few meters from the funicular of the Sacred Heart and less than 100 meters from Abbesses metro station (line 12). The functional apartment of 40 sqm, located in the second courtyard of the building is very quiet. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people. Better equipped than a B & B, the apartment consists of a living room (with wall bed 2 places) with an LCD TV, a PC / Apple, internet, and free access to landline phone numbers of104 countries, with a room safe, a kitchen with a dishwasher, a washing machine, oven, 4 hotplates, a modern bathroom with a jacuzzi bath, shower that include multi-jets, and a hammam for your relaxation and well-being. The apartment is also equipped with air conditioning. Finally, 
30207	On the 6th floor of a typical and friendly Parisian building (with lift).  We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay at our place (and come back!). 	"In the very heart of Montmartre, in Paris center, at the foot of the ""Vignes de Montmartre"". A cosy, comfy and quiet apartment, for family and lovers. A peaceful and delicate atmosphere, far from any noise ...  On the 6th floor of a typical and friendly Parisian building (with lift).  We welcome our guests as our friends, and make our best efforts to make sure you enjoy your stay at our place (and come back!). IN BRIEF :  - Unbeatable location  - Very well connected to public transport: metro line 12 Lamarck-Caulaincourt +bike+bus+train to Brussels/London (Eurostar)+CDG airport.  - Lively and arty area (restaurants, shops, galleries, events, cafés, museums) - 1 bedroom + 1 living with lounge area with exposed beams, dining area and kitchen + 1 bathroom (with a bath).  - Wireless High Speed Internet  - Cable TV  - Flat screen TV, DVD.  - Fully equipped kitchen with everything to cook, coffee machine, boiler, etc.  - Washing/drying machine for your laundry  - Fresh sheets, linens and tow"
30208	This spacious studio apartment is set in the heart of Montmartre, one of the most celebrated neighborhoods of Paris. Know most commonly as the artsy and bohemian area of the city, with its  narrowly sinuous and cobblestone streets, today has its own charm as it remained well preserved throughout the centuries of history and battles. Definitely a great area to base yourself while in Paris. The studio has been totally renewed just recently (works finished in March 2015) and is the perfect space for your Parisian sojourn, whether you are single or coming as a couple. It's placed in the first floor (one above ground floor) and blessed with plenty of light. Despite being in the very core of the neighborhood, its double-glassed windows will assure you have a soundless sleep in its wonderful sofa-bed (one has to try it to understand what I'm talking about). It will satisfy all your needs, whether you are coming as a tourist of for work purposes. It has a fully equipped kitchen, washer & dryer	This beautiful and well located studio will be your parisian home. I will be happy to welcome you and give you tips of the surroundings as well as Paris. Montmartre is a wonderful place to be and explore a different side of the city. This spacious studio apartment is set in the heart of Montmartre, one of the most celebrated neighborhoods of Paris. Know most commonly as the artsy and bohemian area of the city, with its  narrowly sinuous and cobblestone streets, today has its own charm as it remained well preserved throughout the centuries of history and battles. Definitely a great area to base yourself while in Paris. The studio has been totally renewed just recently (works finished in March 2015) and is the perfect space for your Parisian sojourn, whether you are single or coming as a couple. It's placed in the first floor (one above ground floor) and blessed with plenty of light. Despite being in the very core of the neighborhood, its double-glassed windows will assure you have a sou
30209	The location of the flat, in the heart of Montmartre, is really remarkable: across from the vineyard and the Lapin Agile (oldest cabaret in Paris), less than 5 minutes within walking distance from le Sacré Coeur, le Moulin Rouge, la place du Tertre...  	Artist workshop flat in the heart of Montmartre, across from the Montmartre vineyard, with a view on the Sacré Coeur.  Two rooms (+bathroom): -Bright living room with fireplace and kitchen -Bedroom (double bed) The location of the flat, in the heart of Montmartre, is really remarkable: across from the vineyard and the Lapin Agile (oldest cabaret in Paris), less than 5 minutes within walking distance from le Sacré Coeur, le Moulin Rouge, la place du Tertre...  Guests will have access to the entire flat. I live in Paris and am available any time for further information or help during your visit.
30210	Located on a quiet picturesque street in a very lively historic neighborhood, the apartment is the perfect base for your Paris vacation. With its cobbled streets and secret alleyways, Montmartre is a truly inspiring place, combining a rich sense of history with real contemporary vitality. Picasso, Van Gogh, Renoir, Toulouse-Lautrec – they all lived here and you can see why.  Delicious and affordable bistros, artisan bakeries, clothing and antique shops – all lie just outside the front door, leaving you with a sense of unending discovery. This charming and well located 40 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located on rue Aristide Bruant in the 18th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. The apartment is very comfortable with all you need to have a pleasant stay in the city (internet WIfi,  TV).  . This apartment is  ideal for a couple as it is quiet, luminous . It has a new queen size bed ( 1.60 m- 2.00 m), kitchen with hot p	BEAUTIFUL APART PARIS MONTMARTRE Located on a quiet picturesque street in a very lively historic neighborhood, the apartment is the perfect base for your Paris vacation. With its cobbled streets and secret alleyways, Montmartre is a truly inspiring place, combining a rich sense of history with real contemporary vitality. Picasso, Van Gogh, Renoir, Toulouse-Lautrec – they all lived here and you can see why.  Delicious and affordable bistros, artisan bakeries, clothing and antique shops – all lie just outside the front door, leaving you with a sense of unending discovery. This charming and well located 40 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located on rue Aristide Bruant in the 18th arrondissement, on the 3rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. The apartment is very comfortable with all you need to have a pleasant stay in the city (internet WIfi,  TV).  . This apartment is  ideal for a couple as it is quiet, luminous . It has a new queen size bed ( 1.
30211	"apartment of 75m2, on the third floor, whithout elevator, bright and sunny:  Three bedrooms : two with  double beds and the third one with a single bed. But you can put three more mattress on the floor ( confortables). You have around bus and underground (very close to the apartment). You will be enjoy to live in this area close to ""the Moulin Rouge"", ""place du Tertre"" with its painters and of course the famous ""Sacré Coeur"". You have also a lot of Café and restaurants in the same street. The super market  is about at 5 minutes by feet... and shopping if you like! Ideal to visit Paris in living in a district of character which has kept all its authenticity. Access to Wifi and internet. You have television and DVD available ( 300 movies). Equipped -kitchen :induction, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, toaster and blender).Wash machine Linen and towels  included.   "	"apartment of 75m2, on the third floor, whithout elevator, bright and sunny:  Three bedrooms : two with  double beds and the third one with a single bed. But you can put three more mattress on the floor ( confortables). You have around bus and underground (very close to the apartment). You will be enjoy to live in this area close to ""the Moulin Rouge"", ""place du Tertre"" with its painters and of course the famous ""Sacré Coeur"". You have also a lot of Café and restaurants in the same street. The super market  is about at 5 minutes by feet... and shopping if you like! Ideal to visit Paris in living in a district of character which has kept all its authenticity. Access to Wifi and internet. You have television and DVD available ( 300 movies). Equipped -kitchen :induction, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, toaster and blender).Wash machine Linen and towels  included.   "
30212		Lovely, cosy and luminous appartment at 300m from the Sacré-Coeur, Montmartre. The perfect place for a romantic escapade in Paris. Perfectly located in a cute, quiet street, you can find incredible amenities all around in this exquisite neighboorhood The all house is yours but the cupoboard will not be emptied. Please don't hesitate to contact us by phone or email anytime during your stay. We speek French, English, Italian and Spanish. The neighborhood is very interesting cause it is located between de very touristic and beautiful Montmartre and the very crowded and popular Barbès / Chateau Rouge where you have all kinds of shops and markets from different cultures. However the street is very quiet. I love the mix of it, you can choose what you feel like for. Also The Moulin Rouge is about 15min walk from the house. 1 Km away from Gare du Nord, you can walk to the house, it is about 14 min otherwise the closest metro is eider Barbès-Rochechouart (ligne 2 or 4) or Chateau Rouge (ligne 4
30213	Agréable 2 pièces de 40 mètre 2 situé dans le quartier des Abbesses en plein coeur de Montmartre.	Très agréable deux pièces situé dans le quartier de Montmartre.  Découvrez le vieux quartier de Paris, dans un immeuble hausmannien.  Appartement au 3ème étage avec ascenseur et situé sur cour.  À la fois calme, vivant et authentique. Agréable 2 pièces de 40 mètre 2 situé dans le quartier des Abbesses en plein coeur de Montmartre. Très agréable deux pièces situé dans le quartier de Montmartre.  Une chambre équipée d'un lit double et de rangements.  Un matelas gonflable automatique, une place peut être installé dans le salon.  Un très joli salon muni d'un agréable canapé et d'une table basse, face à une télévision. Grande cheminée et miroir.  Une salle de douche avec lavabo et miroir, ainsi que petit placard de rangement.  Une cuisine très bien équipée: grands rangements avec toute la vaisselle à disposition, un frigidaire grand et neuf, une cuisinière à gaz avec four électrique, un lave linge et un étendoir, et un grand lavabo avec égouttoir. Des toilettes séparées. Nous serons là pour
30214		In the north of Paris near from Montmartre (close to Gare du Nord, 5 minutes from the center in train). Balcony with a view on a park and a church. One bedroom, big bed, in a two bedrooms appartment.  Fully equiped kitchen. Bathroom with a bathtub.
30215	"Luxurious studio to rent in the heart of Montmartre in front of the ""Moulin de la Galette"". This bright apartment has a view on an inside garden and therefore is particularly quiet. With a modern design, it is totally new and has an american kitchen fully equipped. This studio is perfect for a couple looking to take advantage of the capital and its most famous areas. Perfectly located, it is surrounded by the best restaurants of Montmartre and the district will offer you the most beautiful walks of the city... Furthermore, the area is well served by many buses and subways making it easy for you to move all over Paris."	"Luxurious studio to rent in the heart of Montmartre in front of the ""Moulin de la Galette"". This bright apartment has a view on an inside garden and therefore is particularly quiet. With a modern design, it is totally new and has an american kitchen fully equipped. This studio is perfect for a couple looking to take advantage of the capital and its most famous areas. Perfectly located, it is surrounded by the best restaurants of Montmartre and the district will offer you the most beautiful walks of the city... Furthermore, the area is well served by many buses and subways making it easy for you to move all over Paris."
30216	Do you want to be the only one having a peak on this unique view?  Well...You will have to get to the top of a small 5 staircase building. Meanwhile, you will be  discovering step by step the parisian life  of one of a kind faubourg type of home… as well as being thrown away by a killer view. The bedroom is overlooking the charming hill of Montmartre with its well known 'moulin de la galette'….No cars are allowed there, you will sleep like babies! On the other side of the apartment… -Look down and you will eventually spend sometime meditating on the tiny little gardens that are falling down the hill -Look straight forward and be hypnotized by the city of Paris. -Look up for the changing sky	1 bedroom beautifully arranged appartement (550 sqf), with a killer view over Paris and the Eiffel Tower, in the most trendy area of Montmartre. Do you want to be the only one having a peak on this unique view?  Well...You will have to get to the top of a small 5 staircase building. Meanwhile, you will be  discovering step by step the parisian life  of one of a kind faubourg type of home… as well as being thrown away by a killer view. The bedroom is overlooking the charming hill of Montmartre with its well known 'moulin de la galette'….No cars are allowed there, you will sleep like babies! On the other side of the apartment… -Look down and you will eventually spend sometime meditating on the tiny little gardens that are falling down the hill -Look straight forward and be hypnotized by the city of Paris. -Look up for the changing sky You will find at the top all the comfort you deserved.   - A top quality queen size bed with amazingly soft sheets - A large bathroom with a large conforta
30217	Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  Two rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants, bars and colorful chairs. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. *** Fast Wifi access in the apartment (Fiber speed) *** Dear Guests, welcome in Paris ! This is a 40 m2 apartment with two main rooms, a fully equipped kitchenette, fridge and a laundry machine, steam iron and ironing board... The flat is an ideal space from 2 to 4 people. The bedroom has a large bed. We're on the first floor of a two floors building, but as we're on a hill, the window on the garden appears to be on the second floor. It's where we're living so it's accommodated like a real apartment. And it's perfect for a week or two in Paris. It's Silent and quiet in the evening and night. A 3rd or 4th person can sleep in the living-room couch that can be turned into a good bed.  -------------- DESCRIPTION : -------------------- LIVING ROOM : A 	Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  2 rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants, bars. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  Two rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants, bars and colorful chairs. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. *** Fast Wifi access in the apartment (Fiber speed) *** Dear Guests, welcome in Paris ! This is a 40 m2 apartment with two main rooms, a fully equipped kitchenette, fridge and a laundry machine, steam iron and ironing board... The flat is an ideal space from 2 to 4 people. The bedroom has a large bed. We're on the first floor of a two floors building, but as we're on a hill, the window on the garden appears to be on the second floor. It's where we're living so it's accommodated like a real apartment. And it's perfect for a week or
30218		Gemütliches Zimmer in einem lebendigen Viertel. 
30219	The room is around 18 square meter. ok for couple. rented furnished, with internet access and unlimited phone, a nice library, a good sound system. place for clothes and the bed is made with new linens. For any questions do not hesitate.	warm room, carefully organized at the foot of the hill in a popular area.  beautiful books and anything you need to cook well, very near market.  Map homemade with typic and nice cafe / restaurants Address. The room is around 18 square meter. ok for couple. rented furnished, with internet access and unlimited phone, a nice library, a good sound system. place for clothes and the bed is made with new linens. For any questions do not hesitate. All amenities, even good music and movies (in english) in the computer. Kitchen, well equipped with utensils. aromatic plants on the balcony. Bathroom and separate toilet. Rooms are separated by a hallway and kitchen so no noise. I can be present and we can exchange as much as you want/need. charming neighborhood, cosmopolitan, you can eat everything for really cheap, Secondhand shop much better than marais, lovely bar and cafes. we are 10 minutes walk from the top of the Montmartre hill. Very close to the St. Ouen flea and porte de clignancourt. I'
30220	A sunny 3 rooms apartment in a 19th Century building ( with elevator) in the Montmartre area. The apartment is on the 4th floor. It has wooden floors and has windows on both sides of the building. In the living room and in one of the bedrooms the windows are french doors that open on to a plant filled balcony ( that is too small to walk on). The bed is a futon on the floor. The apartment has internet, wi fi, TV, a stereo, and washing machine. The area is great. There is a street market on Wednesdays and Saturdays just in front of the building. The patisserie that won the best baguette in Paris, is at the corner. The butcher at the foot of the building is great. The wine shop across the street is really interesting. And the cheese shop just down the road, is a place to visit as often as possible. The apartment is a 15 minute walk to Sacre Coeur and the same to the flea market at St Ouen ( with the biggest antique market in the world). The metros are a five minute walk - Jules Joffrin an	A sunny 3 rooms apartment in a 19th Century building ( with elevator) in the Montmartre area. The apartment is on the 4th floor. It has wooden floors and has windows on both sides of the building. In the living room and in one of the bedrooms the windows are french doors that open on to a plant filled balcony ( that is too small to walk on). The bed is a futon on the floor. The apartment has internet, wi fi, TV, a stereo, and washing machine. The area is great. There is a street market on Wednesdays and Saturdays just in front of the building. The patisserie that won the best baguette in Paris, is at the corner. The butcher at the foot of the building is great. The wine shop across the street is really interesting. And the cheese shop just down the road, is a place to visit as often as possible. The apartment is a 15 minute walk to Sacre Coeur and the same to the flea market at St Ouen ( with the biggest antique market in the world). The metros are a five minute walk - Jules Joffrin an
30221	This is your opportunity to stay in Montmartre one of the most colorful, mixed and touristy areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian half way between the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the calm of this small 1 bedroom apartment after a busy day discovering the city. Located on the 3rd French floor of an 18th century walk up classic Parisian building, this very quiet small 1 bedroom apartment of 32 m2 (340 sq ft) with its parquet floor, offers a master bedroom with a double bed and a desk, a bright living room with a sofa bed and a meal corner. Better suited for a couple it can host up to 4 people (ideally 2 adults and 2 children). The small kitchen is fully equipped with a refrigerator, washing machine, microwave, electric oven, coffee machine, so you can enjoy your meals in the apartment. The building is on a ‘cul de sac’ and the apartment backs onto a private courtyard. You will appreciate the calm and the clea	5 (GOOD) REASONS TO STAY HERE: 1. Trusted Host. 100+ Positive Reviews. 2. Quiet apartment in the middle of Montmartre’s action! 3. Easy access to all transport to discover the city. 4. High Speed Internet Wi Fi.  5. Good value for money. This is your opportunity to stay in Montmartre one of the most colorful, mixed and touristy areas of Paris and live like a real Parisian half way between the Basilica of the Sacré-Coeur and the Moulin Rouge. Appreciate the feeling of being at home, and enjoy the calm of this small 1 bedroom apartment after a busy day discovering the city. Located on the 3rd French floor of an 18th century walk up classic Parisian building, this very quiet small 1 bedroom apartment of 32 m2 (340 sq ft) with its parquet floor, offers a master bedroom with a double bed and a desk, a bright living room with a sofa bed and a meal corner. Better suited for a couple it can host up to 4 people (ideally 2 adults and 2 children). The small kitchen is fully equipped with a refrig
30222	Bedroom: bed queen size (clean sheets included), shower with sliding door and washbasin. Towels provided. Hairdryer. Lounge: kitchenette half-opened with sink, cooking heaters, oven both micro-waves and modern coffee machine. Sofa/couch, wheelchairs, chairs, ancient chimney. Futon convertible in 2-people-bed. From both rooms, access to long balcony. Quiet street, nice and clear point of view: cemetery, Eiffel Tower and Business District.	A lovely double-room (bedroom & lounge) at 5th floor, furnished and renovated, in the heart of Montmartre.  Warm welcome! Bedroom: bed queen size (clean sheets included), shower with sliding door and washbasin. Towels provided. Hairdryer. Lounge: kitchenette half-opened with sink, cooking heaters, oven both micro-waves and modern coffee machine. Sofa/couch, wheelchairs, chairs, ancient chimney. Futon convertible in 2-people-bed. From both rooms, access to long balcony. Quiet street, nice and clear point of view: cemetery, Eiffel Tower and Business District. - Cimetière de Montmartre - Butte Montmartre (Sacré-cœur) - Moulin Rouge - Puces of St-Ouen (biggest second hand market in the world) Answer by email in the current day Very lively quarter, several pubs and restaurants. Unique vibes of Montmartre Hill: concerts, cinemas, street artists. Quiet street, easy to find paying car parking around. Métros: Blanche (2), Lamarck/Abbesses (12), Place de Clichy (13). All these stations are 10mn 
30223	I rent per week or per night (minimum 2 nights). Pretty, inviting furnished  studio on the ground floor, 15m2, bedroom / living room + toilets (inside apartment) , full apartment, 1st floor, no elevator, well located in Paris 18th. 10 minutes from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. In a popular African district, 5min from metro station Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 minutes from the Château Rouge metro station (line 4), bus 60, 65 (comes directly from the Gare de Lyon stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord, 35 (stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord) View of the railway leaves the Gare du Nord.. Line 4 is the only line that has changes with all subway lines, which helps you visit Paris easily, and all the tourist spots. With a possibility to welcome 2 people (sofa bed)... close to shops, restaurants ... The apartment is fully equipped. With heating, iron, flat screen TV (170 channels), radio, internet access unlimited free wifi. Bathroom (shower, toilet, washba	Full studio, 15m2, bedroom/living room + toilets. 5min from metro station (line12), 10 minutes from the metro station (line4). To 2 people. Heating,TV,wifi,hairdryer...microwave, boiler,coffee maker,sheets,pillows,blankets,towels I rent per week or per night (minimum 2 nights). Pretty, inviting furnished  studio on the ground floor, 15m2, bedroom / living room + toilets (inside apartment) , full apartment, 1st floor, no elevator, well located in Paris 18th. 10 minutes from the Basilica of the Sacré Coeur. In a popular African district, 5min from metro station Marx Dormoy (line 12), 10 minutes from the Château Rouge metro station (line 4), bus 60, 65 (comes directly from the Gare de Lyon stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord, 35 (stop Ordener - Marx Dormoy 4th stop after Gare du Nord) View of the railway leaves the Gare du Nord.. Line 4 is the only line that has changes with all subway lines, which helps you visit Paris easily, and all the tourist spots. With a possibil
30224		Charmant studio au cœur de Montmartre, à proximité de Pigalle et du célèbre marché aux puces de St Ouen.  Au 6ème étage, il est très lumineux. Idéal pour jeune couple. 6ème étage avec ascenseur Si vous avez besoin de conseils pour les visites et commerces à proximité, vous n'avez qu'à demander et ça sera avec plaisir!
30225	Charmant 3 pièces au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode et interphone) entièrement rénové. Parquet ancien, cheminée, fenêtre en rontonde et confort du comtemporain. Nous aimons beaucoup l’art et surtout la photo.  Chambre totalement indépendante avec un grand lit (180 cm) et très comfortable avec petit balcon. Petit déjeuner maison inclus (mélange céréales maison – yaourts maison - gâteau maison ou croissant au choix- possibilité d’avoir des œufs ) Modern Hausmanien flat  Comfortable ROOM with balcon. Natural Breakfast included We do speak english and we experienced travelling around the world we do love to share experiences La connexion internet wifi est à votre disposition. Une salle de bain avec meuble vasque, douche et WC. Des serviettes de toilette, sèche-cheveux, gel douche et shampoing sont à votre disposition pour votre confort. Si vous souhaitez partager notre diner végétarien ou typiquement français mais de saison et plutôt bio, cela est possible sur	Notre logement / Our flat L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Montmartre, endroit rêvé pour un séjour typiquement parisien. Le Sacré Coeur et la place du Tertre, célèbre pour ses peintres et artistes, sont à 5 min. à pied. Charmant 3 pièces au 4ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble sécurisé (digicode et interphone) entièrement rénové. Parquet ancien, cheminée, fenêtre en rontonde et confort du comtemporain. Nous aimons beaucoup l’art et surtout la photo.  Chambre totalement indépendante avec un grand lit (180 cm) et très comfortable avec petit balcon. Petit déjeuner maison inclus (mélange céréales maison – yaourts maison - gâteau maison ou croissant au choix- possibilité d’avoir des œufs ) Modern Hausmanien flat  Comfortable ROOM with balcon. Natural Breakfast included We do speak english and we experienced travelling around the world we do love to share experiences La connexion internet wifi est à votre disposition. Une salle de bain avec meuble vasque, douche et W
30226		Charmant deux pièce agréable, dans une rue semi-pietonne, a 10 minutes a pieds du sacré cœur et du village Montmartre. Vous profiterez aussi du charme d un vrai quartier Parisien proche de tout commerce. a tres vite
30227	Très beau 2 pièces typiquement parisien, traversant,  avec parquet et moulure. Dans une déco très douce et épurée, c’est le charme du vintage et de l’industriel qui vous fera craquer ! Cet appartement de 31 m2 vous est entièrement dédié, tout au long de l’année. Vous aurez ainsi accès à tous les rangements disponibles. L’appartement est parfaitement équipé et très fonctionnel. La cuisine séparée du salon par une verrière d’artiste est complètement équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur lave vaisselle, machine à laver, grille pain, bouilloire et bien sur l’indispensable machine Nespresso) Dans le salon, vous trouverez une table à manger avec rabat pouvant accueillir jusqu'à  4 personnes (2 chaises associées + 2 chaises pliantes dans le placard), une télévision à écran plat, une box  pour la connexion internet ainsi qu’un canapé convertible (120*180), confortable et facile d’utilisation. L a chambre principale est équipée de nombreux placards  et rangements, d’un lit 160*200, d’un coin bure	Un appartement de caractère au style industriel et à la fois urbain, entièrement rénové et bien pensé, une déco raffinée, et situé à seulement 10mn à pied de Montmartre, voici un lieu propice à votre séjour parisien. Très beau 2 pièces typiquement parisien, traversant,  avec parquet et moulure. Dans une déco très douce et épurée, c’est le charme du vintage et de l’industriel qui vous fera craquer ! Cet appartement de 31 m2 vous est entièrement dédié, tout au long de l’année. Vous aurez ainsi accès à tous les rangements disponibles. L’appartement est parfaitement équipé et très fonctionnel. La cuisine séparée du salon par une verrière d’artiste est complètement équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur lave vaisselle, machine à laver, grille pain, bouilloire et bien sur l’indispensable machine Nespresso) Dans le salon, vous trouverez une table à manger avec rabat pouvant accueillir jusqu'à  4 personnes (2 chaises associées + 2 chaises pliantes dans le placard), une télévision à écran plat, un
30228	Lovely two bedroom bright and recently refurbished apartment in a period building located in the heart of Montmartre. WIFI , digicode entry and minutes from metro (Anvers and Abbesses) and bus stations.   Apartment includes: large & bright master bedroom and separate 2nd bedroom; modern main bathroom and separate 1/2 bathroom; open kitchen and living/dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped with all necessities  and the dining / living area is a comfortable place to relax after a day of sightseeing. Located on the third floor of a period building with elevator.  	Experience modern comfort in a charming Parisian setting -- fully renovated apartment! Lovely two bedroom bright and recently refurbished apartment in a period building located in the heart of Montmartre. WIFI , digicode entry and minutes from metro (Anvers and Abbesses) and bus stations.   Apartment includes: large & bright master bedroom and separate 2nd bedroom; modern main bathroom and separate 1/2 bathroom; open kitchen and living/dining room. The kitchen is fully equipped with all necessities  and the dining / living area is a comfortable place to relax after a day of sightseeing. Located on the third floor of a period building with elevator.  Guests have full access to the apartment and all bed linens and towels are included as well as an equipped kitchen. Once your reservation is made and confirmed, you will be put in contact with the check-in / check-out manager to co-ordinate arrival and departure times and key hand over. They are not located on-site, so should your agreed ti
30229	Lumière radieuse toute la journée. Cet appartement est typiquement parisien avec sa cheminée, son beau parquet et ses moulures. Voisinage et quartier très agréable avec un marché tous les samedis et mercredis !	Lumière radieuse toute la journée. Cet appartement est typiquement parisien avec sa cheminée, son beau parquet et ses moulures. Voisinage et quartier très agréable avec un marché tous les samedis et mercredis ! Internet, lave-linge, sèche cheveux... Disponible à tout moment La station la plus proche est à 5 minutes !
30230	Appartement totalement refait à neuf. L'appartement est complètement équipé (lave vaisselle, machine à laver, cafetière Senseo, ...) Un frigo américain pour sortir les glaçons pour un apéritif sur la terrasse. Un grand canapé d'angle convertible	Large, quiet, sunny appartment at the foot of the Montmartre Hill, Metro station Château Rouge ou Marcadet-Poissonniers (15 mn away from the very centre of Paris), in a quiet and nice building. The flat is fully equiped. Large flat : 55 square meter
30231	LOFT of 48 m2 at 50 m of the Funiculaire and 100m, of the church of the Sacred-Heart, next to the stairs of Montmartre, Large bathroom with bathtub, comfortable double bed, small kitchen, home video, 2 sofas (convertible), fresh in summer, warm in winter,  Between the place du Tertre and the place des Abbesses, its situation is very central and will offer you a better way to organize your stay. Historical neighboorhood, you're close to restaurants like: Le Chéri Bibi, La Guèpe, La Mascotte, L'Hotel Amour, Le Dan Bao or La Vache et le cuisiner, bars, like La Maison mère, La maison Muller or le Rosie. 10 mn from the Moulin Rouge and 15 mn from the Place de Clichy where the cinemas are, you cannot dream of a better place. The Velibs, the subway stations: Abbesses and Anvers and the buses on the boulevard will help you to go wherever you like. Unique in Montmartre.	LOFT of 48 m2 at 50 m of the Funiculaire and 100m, of the church of the Sacred-Heart, next to the stairs of Montmartre, Large bathroom with bathtub, comfortable double bed, small kitchen, home video, 2 sofas (convertible), fresh in summer, warm in winter,  Between the place du Tertre and the place des Abbesses, its situation is very central and will offer you a better way to organize your stay. Historical neighboorhood, you're close to restaurants like: Le Chéri Bibi, La Guèpe, La Mascotte, L'Hotel Amour, Le Dan Bao or La Vache et le cuisiner, bars, like La Maison mère, La maison Muller or le Rosie. 10 mn from the Moulin Rouge and 15 mn from the Place de Clichy where the cinemas are, you cannot dream of a better place. The Velibs, the subway stations: Abbesses and Anvers and the buses on the boulevard will help you to go wherever you like. Unique in Montmartre.
30232	Superbe appartement de 92 m2, très lumineux et peu bruyant. Convient parfaitement aux familles ainsi qu'aux groupes d'amis.	92 m² app. with a large living room, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, next to the Butte Montmartre (10 min walk). Very easy to access by the subway - M12 Jules Joffrin - in an area full of nice bars and restaurants. Perfect for a week with your friends ! A very nice neighborhood, full of stores, restaurants and bars. You will find anything you want for any price, from the little and simple meal to the fancy and elaborate dinner. Or you can go and buy your wine and your fresh products in the stores and cook it at home for a nice and calm evening at the apartment. The subway station Jules Joffrin (line 12) is at 500 meters from the appartment and will get you in the center of the city in a few minutes. If you want to enjoy the weather you also have 4 bike renting stations surrounding the apartment.
30233	The apartment is comprised of one living room and one bedroom with a comfortable two persons bed. It is 35 m² (376 square feet). The kitchen has all modern amenities, and since I love cooking, there are all tools you will need to prepare your meals at home. It has a lot of light all day long, and is extremely quiet since windows are directed over a large court in the middle of several buildings.  Guests are welcome to use all of the apartment except the dressing room where all my clothes are stored. Feel free to cook in the kitchen, relax in the couch or read any book on the shelves.  However, please follow the guidelines I will give you and please leave the place as you found it. I live here so there will be personal belongings around. Please remain respectful.	hey! having experienced airbnb abroad, i decided to open my cosy 1 bedroom apartment to Paris visitors. The apartment is comprised of one living room and one bedroom with a comfortable two persons bed. It is 35 m² (376 square feet). The kitchen has all modern amenities, and since I love cooking, there are all tools you will need to prepare your meals at home. It has a lot of light all day long, and is extremely quiet since windows are directed over a large court in the middle of several buildings.  Guests are welcome to use all of the apartment except the dressing room where all my clothes are stored. Feel free to cook in the kitchen, relax in the couch or read any book on the shelves.  However, please follow the guidelines I will give you and please leave the place as you found it. I live here so there will be personal belongings around. Please remain respectful. You can access all the apartment except the dressing room. Contact me preferably via Whatsapp if you have any question duri
30234	Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  2 rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants, bars and colorful chairs. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. *** Fast Wifi access in the apartment (Fiber speed) *** Dear Guests, welcome in Paris ! This is a 40 m2 apartment with two main rooms, a fully equipped kitchenette, fridge and a laundry machine, steam iron and ironing board... The flat is an ideal space from 2 to 4 people. The bedroom has a large bed. We're on the first floor of a two floors building, but as we're on a hill, the window on the garden appears to be on the second floor. It's where we're living so it's accommodated like a real apartment. And it's perfect for a week or two in Paris. It's Silent and quiet in the evening and night. A 3rd or 4th person can sleep in the living-room couch that can be turned into a good bed.  -------------- DESCRIPTION : -------------------- LIVING ROOM : A 3 	Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  2 rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. Nice and Silent apartment on Montmartre Hill.  2 rooms, with fully equipped kitchen, large living room, bathroom. Close to the little Paul Albert place with restaurants, bars and colorful chairs. Near Sacré Coeur Church, one stair to climb. *** Fast Wifi access in the apartment (Fiber speed) *** Dear Guests, welcome in Paris ! This is a 40 m2 apartment with two main rooms, a fully equipped kitchenette, fridge and a laundry machine, steam iron and ironing board... The flat is an ideal space from 2 to 4 people. The bedroom has a large bed. We're on the first floor of a two floors building, but as we're on a hill, the window on the garden appears to be on the second floor. It's where we're living so it's accommodated like a real apartment. And it's perfect for a week or two in 
30235	2 pièces avec une chambre, une salle de bain avec WC séparés, un salon avec cuisine américaine.	Hello tout le monde! Nous proposons un 2 pièces de 38 m2 ravissant dans le 18ème en plein coeur de Montmartre. Nous avons la chance d'être à 2 min du Sacré Coeur, monument emblématique de Paris et à 5 min du quartier branché de Pigalle! 2 pièces avec une chambre, une salle de bain avec WC séparés, un salon avec cuisine américaine. Appartement fumeur si fumeurs il y a, pas de machine à laver, ni de lave vaisselle.
30236	30 m2 1 chambre avec un lit double (2 personnes) 1 salon avec canapé lit (2 personnes)	Charmant deux pièces très lumineux, avec vue sur le sacré coeur exposé au sud avec balcon. Tout équipé ( internet, machine à laver)  Métro, vélos et commerces au pied de l'immeuble. A 10min à pied de Montmatre. Appartement Agréable et romantique.  30 m2 1 chambre avec un lit double (2 personnes) 1 salon avec canapé lit (2 personnes)
30237		Two room apartment 10 min walk from Montmartre.
30238		Chambre privée dans un appartement de 60m2.A côté de la mairie du 18ème.  Accès a deux lignes de métro (L4,(L12) Métro (L 4 , L 12) Bus : 60,31,80 Monmartobus Avec la ligne 4 du metro arrête Simplon ou la ligne 12 arrêt Jules Joffrin
30239	"2 rooms perched on the roofs of Paris overlooking the Sacred Heart  ""Sacré Cœur"". very bright with two shelves facing south . but no elevator like most old buildings in Paris A living room , with sofa bed, all equipped kitchen , a small bathroom and a bedroom with a bed for 2 people"	"Pretty 2 parts, 6th fl in a Parisian building with lovely views over the Sacred Heart In a lively district with many restaurants and bars all amenities at the foot of the building , many market and transport. 2 rooms perched on the roofs of Paris overlooking the Sacred Heart  ""Sacré Cœur"". very bright with two shelves facing south . but no elevator like most old buildings in Paris A living room , with sofa bed, all equipped kitchen , a small bathroom and a bedroom with a bed for 2 people 102, rue Doudeauville 75018 Métro, château rouge ligne 4. Accés / Gare du Nord et gare de l'Est à 5mn en métro L 4 Aéroport Charles de Gaulle à 20 mn de la gare du Nord The building is located in a lively neighborhood , full of great diversity in the popular uptown neighborhoods of Montmartre you will find all the shops within 5 minutes walk as well , as well as beautiful walks through the alleys will lead you to discover the Place du Tertre and its artists and the Sacré Cœur in 15 minutes on foot or d"
30240	"Very beautiful apartment of 38 m2 (métro  L12 : Lamarcq Caulaincourt or Bus 31 or Bus 95)  in building freestone, with an attractive sunny balcony.  Fully-equiped kitchen, washing machine, bathroom, Tv, WiFi. The appt is warm, cheerful, colored with many typical Parisian styles : floor wood parquet and mouldings, and clean. On the 6th floor of the building : easy riding through the elevator or the stairs for the sportsmen/women :-) I live in this neighbourghood for several years and I will be pleased to recommend you restaurants, places to visit. You are only at 10mn walking from the Sacred Heart, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, the very famous Abesses & Lepic streets where there is the ""Café des 2 Moulins"" from Amélie's Movie ! My appt : in the heart of the nice 18ème is a very authentic Parisian experience through its restaurants, and its everyday life!"	"Very beautiful apartment of 38 m2 (métro  L12 : Lamarcq Caulaincourt or Bus 31 or Bus 95)  in building freestone, with an attractive sunny balcony.  Fully-equiped kitchen, washing machine, bathroom, Tv, WiFi. The appt is warm, cheerful, colored with many typical Parisian styles : floor wood parquet and mouldings, and clean. On the 6th floor of the building : easy riding through the elevator or the stairs for the sportsmen/women :-) I live in this neighbourghood for several years and I will be pleased to recommend you restaurants, places to visit. You are only at 10mn walking from the Sacred Heart, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, the very famous Abesses & Lepic streets where there is the ""Café des 2 Moulins"" from Amélie's Movie ! My appt : in the heart of the nice 18ème is a very authentic Parisian experience through its restaurants, and its everyday life!"
30241	Charming studio for rent 20m2. Located in Montmartre (metro Lamarck line 12) 2 minutes from vines and Sacre Coeur. Fully equipped (hotplates, washing machine and dryer, fridge with freezer, internet, large storage cupboard), with a loft bed for 2 persons and a comfortable sofa. Is it not huge but very well organized, and is it not too expensive! The studio is located in a quiet street for better sleep, but in 2 minutes you'll find everything! It is bright and close to many shops. This neighborhood is very lively and makes fantastic walks. You can lose in the small streets of Montmartre and forget to be in a big city, or choose to spend colored evenings for many of the hill local! There are many restaurants and bars where you can spend pleasant evenings in the middle of neighborhood life. Taxi, pharmacie, bank, market and others shops are very close. Also to move to the area is not complicated, metro and bus are within walking distance!	Charming studio for rent 20m2. Located in Montmartre (metro Lamarck line 12) 2 minutes from vines and Sacre Coeur. Fully equipped (hotplates, washing machine and dryer, fridge with freezer, internet, large storage cupboard), with a loft bed for 2 persons and a comfortable sofa. Is it not huge but very well organized, and is it not too expensive! The studio is located in a quiet street for better sleep, but in 2 minutes you'll find everything! It is bright and close to many shops. This neighborhood is very lively and makes fantastic walks. You can lose in the small streets of Montmartre and forget to be in a big city, or choose to spend colored evenings for many of the hill local! There are many restaurants and bars where you can spend pleasant evenings in the middle of neighborhood life. Taxi, pharmacie, bank, market and others shops are very close. Also to move to the area is not complicated, metro and bus are within walking distance!
30242	Louons pour 3 nuits minimum (2 personnes maximum), appartement situé au pied du Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) - Verdure et parc à 20 mètres (photo) avec petite place fleurie entourée de petits cafés aux charmes fous ! Rue calme, cuisine sur cour / 1er étage. (Métro à 5' ; Ligne directe Champs-Elysées). Double vitrage / Sécurité : 2 portes avec Digicode. L'appartement est entièrement équipé (Lave-vaisselle, Lave-linge, Frigo, télévision, radio, Lecteur DVD, Coffre-fort, four, micro-Onde, vaisselle complète, Lit Futon, Belle salle de bain, internet, draps et serviettes fournis (lit Futon)  Etc. Attention : Pour une question d'hygiène et de sécurité appartement Non-Fumeur. Nos amis les animaux ne sont pas acceptés. Quartier avec tous les commerçants nécessaires, beaucoup de restaurants, quartier touristique à moins de 3 minutes avec le Sacré-Coeur / Montmartre.... 	Appartement Privé refait à neuf avec cuisine 100% équipée + 1 chambre et une salle d'eau séparés. Maximum 2 personnes. Décoration soignée pour ce studio privé dans un quartier calme à 50 mètres de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur. Parc arboré 50 M. Louons pour 3 nuits minimum (2 personnes maximum), appartement situé au pied du Sacré Coeur (Montmartre) - Verdure et parc à 20 mètres (photo) avec petite place fleurie entourée de petits cafés aux charmes fous ! Rue calme, cuisine sur cour / 1er étage. (Métro à 5' ; Ligne directe Champs-Elysées). Double vitrage / Sécurité : 2 portes avec Digicode. L'appartement est entièrement équipé (Lave-vaisselle, Lave-linge, Frigo, télévision, radio, Lecteur DVD, Coffre-fort, four, micro-Onde, vaisselle complète, Lit Futon, Belle salle de bain, internet, draps et serviettes fournis (lit Futon)  Etc. Attention : Pour une question d'hygiène et de sécurité appartement Non-Fumeur. Nos amis les animaux ne sont pas acceptés. Quartier avec tous les commerçants néc
30243	In Montmartre, at the foot of the hill where stands the Sacré-Cœur. An ideal place, a unique apartment ! This side of Montmartre has kept a real Parisian lifestyle as one could imagine, shops, cafés.... Mainly residential, it is apart from the hustle and bustle of the city. You will reach the Sacré Coeur by the legendary stairs and overlook and admire what Paris has to offer ! Entirely renovated, carefully decorated, great for two, four people max. Less than 5 minutes to the subway, all stores are less than 1 minute far from the apartment : bakery, grocery shop, restaurants, drugstore, banks... At the first floor next to the courtyard, secured access through 2 doors code. The apartment is fully equipped. A king size bed (160cmx200cm) will  have you waking up in a great shape to make the best of your trip. At the center of the apartment, you would enjoy the winter garden, a real outside tranquility bubble. It's a studio where space has been optimized ! Kitchen : fully equiped : oven, mi	Great place to be. You will love your stay here! Perfect place and apartment for your stay in Paris whether you are a couple, friends, or for a business trip :) In Montmartre, at the foot of the hill where stands the Sacré-Cœur. An ideal place, a unique apartment ! This side of Montmartre has kept a real Parisian lifestyle as one could imagine, shops, cafés.... Mainly residential, it is apart from the hustle and bustle of the city. You will reach the Sacré Coeur by the legendary stairs and overlook and admire what Paris has to offer ! Entirely renovated, carefully decorated, great for two, four people max. Less than 5 minutes to the subway, all stores are less than 1 minute far from the apartment : bakery, grocery shop, restaurants, drugstore, banks... At the first floor next to the courtyard, secured access through 2 doors code. The apartment is fully equipped. A king size bed (160cmx200cm) will  have you waking up in a great shape to make the best of your trip. At the center of the a
30244		L'appartement de 40m² avec une chambre lit double; un salon (canapé, salle à manger, TV), SDB et cuisine. 10€/pers suppl (au dela de 2p)/nuit 3ème étage avec ascenseur Métro à 1min.  Commerces, boulangeries, places pour se garer dans le quartier
30245	The studio is on the 3rd floor (no elevator), it is west-oriented and gets much light in the afternoon, open view and no noise from the street. The studio has been entirely renovated in 2015, it has a fully-equipped kitchen, separate entrance area and a bathroom with shower.	This sunny and recently renovated 18m studio is located on a quiet street next to cafes and galleries of rue des Abbesses and Sacré-Cœur. Just 3min from the metro, the studio comfortably fits two people and has most of the things you will need. The studio is on the 3rd floor (no elevator), it is west-oriented and gets much light in the afternoon, open view and no noise from the street. The studio has been entirely renovated in 2015, it has a fully-equipped kitchen, separate entrance area and a bathroom with shower.
30246	Situé à deux pas d'un des plus beau monument de Paris : Montmartre Located very close to the Sacré-Coeur  	Situé à deux pas d'un des plus beau monument de Paris : Montmartre Located very close to the Sacré-Coeur   Utilisation du téléphone fixe.  Quartier ayant une grande diversité et animé !  Very trendy, lively and bustling area ! Métro Abesses (Ligne 12), Métro Anvers (Ligne 2) 
30247	This big sunny south-oriented apartment is 5-minutes walking distance from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church.  Nearby stations are Gare du Nord (RER B direct to both airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. The apartment is cosy and has a perfect location for somebody who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. You can get to Sacré Coeur in 10 minutes walking. The bedrooms are big, with double beds, chimney and a small couch in each one. Also, both bedrooms have big windows overlooking one of the sides of the church, which make the rooms very private and charming. The kitchen is fully equipped (stove, blender, oven, fridge, washing machine, coffee machine, mixer, etc) and all the utensils, spices, oils and condiments are ready for you to use if you plan on cooking.  The kitchen has a medium sized table and so does one of the bedrooms, you can fit up to 5-6 around the kitchen table. We have a cat (who won't be at the apar	This big sunny south-oriented apartment is 5-minutes walking from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church.  Nearby stations are Gare du Nord (RER B --> direct to the 2 airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. This big sunny south-oriented apartment is 5-minutes walking distance from Montmartre, on a calm green square with a post-romantic church.  Nearby stations are Gare du Nord (RER B direct to both airports), Barbès-Rochechouart and La Chapelle. The apartment is cosy and has a perfect location for somebody who wants to visit Paris and have a quiet place to stay at the same time. You can get to Sacré Coeur in 10 minutes walking. The bedrooms are big, with double beds, chimney and a small couch in each one. Also, both bedrooms have big windows overlooking one of the sides of the church, which make the rooms very private and charming. The kitchen is fully equipped (stove, blender, oven, fridge, washing machine, coffee machine, mixer, etc) and all the utensi
30248	62m2 apartment in the heart of Montmartre, 100 meters from Place and Rue des Abbesses, where you will find all the necessary merchants, as well as several pubs and restaurants. The grocery Amelie is only 20 meters, so you can go do your shopping day. The apartment overlooks the street and a charming courtyard. The ground floor is a plateau of 45m2, open bar with three stools and kitchen. There was a round table, a sofa that can be used as bed for 2 people. You can also add a single bed. The bedroom and bathroom are located in the basement.	"62m2 apartment on the ground floor, it is located rue ""The Three Brothers"" close to grocery Amélie Poulain. 62m2 apartment in the heart of Montmartre, 100 meters from Place and Rue des Abbesses, where you will find all the necessary merchants, as well as several pubs and restaurants. The grocery Amelie is only 20 meters, so you can go do your shopping day. The apartment overlooks the street and a charming courtyard. The ground floor is a plateau of 45m2, open bar with three stools and kitchen. There was a round table, a sofa that can be used as bed for 2 people. You can also add a single bed. The bedroom and bathroom are located in the basement. The nearest metro station is Abbesses. To come to the Gare du Nord: Metro Line 2 to Pigalle then metro line 12 to Abbesses I am happy to welcome you at the apartment and show you the good places for food and restaurants in the neighborhood."
30249		Little cocoon located in Montmartre. Sleeping in the attic, brightness, quietness: the best place ever to feel as a Parisian! Not big (30m²) but practical. Wifi, TV, phone, wash dryer machine etc..
30250	Two room flat with one living room (with a kitchen area) fully furnished (convertible couch, tv, fridge, etc), one bedroom (two sized bed) and a nice a bathroom ! 3rd floor.	Two room flat with one living room (with a kitchen area) fully furnished (convertible couch, tv, fridge, etc), one bedroom (two sized bed) and a nice a bathroom ! 3rd floor. You'll have access to the whole flat. It s composed by 1 bedroom, 1 living room with a couch where 2 people can sleep, 1 bathroom (bath and shower), 1 kitchen area (coffee machine, toaster, kettle, washing machine, etc) Please do not hesitate if I can help making your stay in Paris nicer :) I love my city and always willing to advice visitors on what to do, what to visit and what's going on in paris when you're here ! Abbesses / Montmartre area is wonderful, really lively and trendy place you'll be as close to the Sacred Heart and other touristic spots as the cool underground gems of Paris. Perfect location to do some cool shopping, have a coffee outside or just walk around. The area is also full of nice little restaurants, clubs, bars, and it's easy to go to Paris nicest parcs and gardens from here. Easy to discov
30251	Proche de tous  commerces , transport ( bus 95 et metro Guy Mocquet)  Quartier des abbesses et butte Montmartre à proximité 	Chambre à louer dans appartement de 83 mètres carres , tout  confort et très clair . 3 e étage avec ascenseur Proche de tous  commerces , transport ( bus 95 et metro Guy Mocquet)  Quartier des abbesses et butte Montmartre à proximité Cuisine équipée,  lave vaisselle. Machine à laver.  Salle de bains, wc séparé N'hésitez pas à me solliciter pour toutes informations A proximité de Montmartre ,  de la basilique de Sacré Coeur, du quartier des Abbesses et du marché aux puces de St Ouen . Bus 95 direct de la gare Montparnasse , Opéra , St Germain des Prè, Louvre . Métro Guy Môquet , Lamarck Caulaincourt Station Vélib en bas de l'immeuble
30252	"TYPICAL PARISIAN AND CHARMING FLAT GREAT VIEW ON SACRE COEUR -Very quiet .  Modern furniture. -Next to the Metro line 4 station ""Porte de Clignancourt"" (2 minutes by foot) -Reach MONTMARTRE by walk (15 minutes) -One bedroom appartement typically parisian,all renovated in july 2013, very cozy,quiet and bright. Great view on ""Sacre Coeur"", 40 square meters  -Full equipped modern kitchen (induction cooker, dish washer, nespresso coffee machine...) -Bedroom with very confortable king size bed -Modern bathroom with washing machine I will make my best to answer all your questions before your arrival and during all your stay if you need. Located ""Rue du Mont Cenis""  ,only 2 minutes walking from ""Porte de Clignancourt ""metro station line 4. (also  ""Line 12""  7 minutes by walk) You will reach the center of Paris like ""Notre Dame "" or ""Saint Germain"" within 20 minutes only (Metro line 4).   You can also reach on foot the famous antics market ""Puces de Saint Ouen ""in only 10 minutes  or  heart of"	"TYPICAL PARISIAN AND CHARMING FLAT GREAT VIEW ON SACRE COEUR -Very quiet .  Modern furniture. All renovated -Next to the Metro line 4 station ""Porte de Clignancourt"" (about 2 minutes by foot) -Reach heart of MONTMARTRE  by walk (15 minutes)  TYPICAL PARISIAN AND CHARMING FLAT GREAT VIEW ON SACRE COEUR -Very quiet .  Modern furniture. -Next to the Metro line 4 station ""Porte de Clignancourt"" (2 minutes by foot) -Reach MONTMARTRE by walk (15 minutes) -One bedroom appartement typically parisian,all renovated in july 2013, very cozy,quiet and bright. Great view on ""Sacre Coeur"", 40 square meters  -Full equipped modern kitchen (induction cooker, dish washer, nespresso coffee machine...) -Bedroom with very confortable king size bed -Modern bathroom with washing machine I will make my best to answer all your questions before your arrival and during all your stay if you need. Located ""Rue du Mont Cenis""  ,only 2 minutes walking from ""Porte de Clignancourt ""metro station line 4. (also  ""Line 12"
30253	Le charme des appartements classiques parisiens...	Les classiques de l'haussmannien (parquet, moulures, cheminée prussienne) modernisés, un salon très lumineux avec une grande baie vitrée, une cuisine américaine toute équipée, au pied du cimetière Montmartre et à deux pas du Moulin Rouge Le charme des appartements classiques parisiens... Je suis à votre disposition pendant toute la durée de votre séjour si vous avez la moindre question. Un quartier très agréable, avec tous les commerces de proximité. Deux lignes de métros et de nombreuses lignes de bus juste à côté. Un parking public à 150 mètres.
30254	Welcome to Montmartre, a very lively Parisian district. The apartment, a  newly refurbished studio is very well situated, in the heart of  Montmartre neighborhood, next to LEPIC street. The place to be in order to enjoy a truly Parisian experience. The famous Cabaret Moulin Rouge is at 1 minute away by foot. Montmartre is famous place, as the better-known tourist sites including the Moulin Rouge, The Sacré Coeur and the Place Du Tertre (artists square). The apartment is on the first floor of a secure building (badge necessary), flooded with light, in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life.  	Welcome to Montmartre, the place to be to enjoy a truly Parisian experience. The famous Cabaret Moulin Rouge is at 1 min away by foot. The flat is on the 1st floor flooded with light in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life Welcome to Montmartre, a very lively Parisian district. The apartment, a  newly refurbished studio is very well situated, in the heart of  Montmartre neighborhood, next to LEPIC street. The place to be in order to enjoy a truly Parisian experience. The famous Cabaret Moulin Rouge is at 1 minute away by foot. Montmartre is famous place, as the better-known tourist sites including the Moulin Rouge, The Sacré Coeur and the Place Du Tertre (artists square). The apartment is on the first floor of a secure building (badge necessary), flooded with light, in a quiet street, yet in the middle of the vibrant Montmartre life.  In the flat you will find : a quality double bed in the main room Bathroom with shower, wash-hand and WC  an equipped kitchen
30255	"This is a quiet and lovely apartment, very bright, 650ft2 ( 61m2), last floor of a brand new building. Located in a popular neighborhood, recently renovated and only a few steps from ""Montmartre"". Many food stores and lots of restaurants. The subway (line 4 & 12) is only 1/8th mile away. This will take you downtown in no time (well let's say 15mn...) Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Le Chatelet... And many bus lines. There are two bedrooms with high quality bedding. One with a queen size bed, upstairs. The second one with a regular bed. Each room has it's own bathroom with tub and toilets. A large and particularly bright living room with one sofa bed and a confortable couch, and an open kitchen fully equiped. And, last but not least, a terrace at each floor. 200ft2 around the living room and 120ft2 in front of the upstairs bedroom. You won't be allowed to smoke but on the terrace WIFI, TV, washing machine and dishwasher. sheets and towels are included. Umbrella, table, chairs and deck-chairs on "	"cosy and confortable apartment located near Montmartre in a quiet and multicultural neighborhood... 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 2 terraces to enjoy Paris... it's great for 4 people , 2 couples or a family This is a quiet and lovely apartment, very bright, 650ft2 ( 61m2), last floor of a brand new building. Located in a popular neighborhood, recently renovated and only a few steps from ""Montmartre"". Many food stores and lots of restaurants. The subway (line 4 & 12) is only 1/8th mile away. This will take you downtown in no time (well let's say 15mn...) Le Louvre, Notre Dame, Le Chatelet... And many bus lines. There are two bedrooms with high quality bedding. One with a queen size bed, upstairs. The second one with a regular bed. Each room has it's own bathroom with tub and toilets. A large and particularly bright living room with one sofa bed and a confortable couch, and an open kitchen fully equiped. And, last but not least, a terrace at each floor. 200ft2 around the living room and 12"
30256	"of authenticity and atypical for this great Montmartre studio located in the heart of Parisian life and mythical places.: Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, ""flea market"", many bars, restaurants, cabarets and theaters to distract you. A ""little nest"" perched high, overlooking the rooftops, bright and cozy with wooden floors and fireplace. Relax. 2 metro stations. (Line 4 and 12) 5 minutes, take you to other touristic places in Paris. This 35 meters square studio is located in the 6 and last floor of an old building without lift. The place is bright and quiet. Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, micro-waves, nespresso machine (I will leave some capsules for you) Feel free to contact for further information, See you soon! "	"of authenticity and atypical for this great Montmartre studio located in the heart of Parisian life and mythical places.: Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, ""flea market"", many bars, restaurants, cabarets and theaters to distract you. A ""little nest"" perched high, overlooking the rooftops, bright and cozy with wooden floors and fireplace. Relax. 2 metro stations. (Line 4 and 12) 5 minutes, take you to other touristic places in Paris. This 35 meters square studio is located in the 6 and last floor of an old building without lift. The place is bright and quiet. Fully equipped kitchen: fridge, micro-waves, nespresso machine (I will leave some capsules for you) Feel free to contact for further information, See you soon! "
30257	In the heart of the neighborhood which gathered the most famous painters 130 years ago (Picasso, Van Gogh, Cezanne, Modigliani, Manet, etc.) is this cute apartment freshly renovated. You will experience Paris like a village with its little streets, with so many things walking distance. It will take you 2mn to go to Sacré Coeur, 5mn to go to the French Cabarets from Pigalle such as famous Moulin Rouge, Follies Pigalle, etc. For the cinema fans you can have a coffee at the “Café des 2 Moulins” which hosted the world famous movie Amélie Poulain. It is also very well connected to public transports. It connects with metro lines 4, 2 and 12 at 5 minutes of walking distance. The apartment has been recently renewed in a contemporary style with a stone wall separating the bedroom and the bathroom from the living-room and the kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped: refrigerator, oven, dish-washer, micro-wave, hot plates, washing machine and coffee machine. The bedroom is for two persons. The sof	In the heart of the neighborhood which gathered the most famous painters 130 years ago (Picasso, Van Gogh, Cezanne, Modigliani, Manet, etc.) is this cute apartment freshly renovated. You will experience Paris like a village with its little streets. In the heart of the neighborhood which gathered the most famous painters 130 years ago (Picasso, Van Gogh, Cezanne, Modigliani, Manet, etc.) is this cute apartment freshly renovated. You will experience Paris like a village with its little streets, with so many things walking distance. It will take you 2mn to go to Sacré Coeur, 5mn to go to the French Cabarets from Pigalle such as famous Moulin Rouge, Follies Pigalle, etc. For the cinema fans you can have a coffee at the “Café des 2 Moulins” which hosted the world famous movie Amélie Poulain. It is also very well connected to public transports. It connects with metro lines 4, 2 and 12 at 5 minutes of walking distance. The apartment has been recently renewed in a contemporary style with a sto
30258	Dans une impasse pavée calme sous la pente nord de Montmartre, près des puces de Clignancourt. Appartement lumineux et aéré, la cuisine ouvre sur une terrasse. Jardin associatif en bas, avec des ruches et des tables sous la treille (clef fournie).	In northern Paris, behind Montmarte's hill, in a quiet paved street. The apartment is luminous, the kitchen opens on a terrace, there's a community garden bellow with plantations, tables under climbing vine, beehives (we have the key). The first floor neighbor, Nathalie, will give you the keys and tell you about the neighborhood. Montmarte is up the hill. Les puces de Clignancourt (one of the main flea markets in Paris), is close-by and worth a tour. Vegetables store, baker's shop etc. are rue du Poteau. Subway stations Jules Joffrin (line 12) and Porte de Clignancourt (line 4) are a few hundred meters away. Wifi on fiber. Home of a journalist gone to Japan for 2 months.
30259	Charmant studio de 15 m2, entièrement équipé ,refait à neuf, lit pour 2 personnes très confortable  ( 1m60 par1m90 )  	"A 3 min  Moulin de la Galette,  3 min du  café ""Les deux moulins"", rendu célèbre par le film ""Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain"", 5 mn de la Place des Abbesses, 10 mn du Sacré Cœur.20mn des Grands Magasins à pied,quartier très animé,boutiques Charmant studio de 15 m2, entièrement équipé ,refait à neuf, lit pour 2 personnes très confortable  ( 1m60 par1m90 )   je ne parle que français, mais je me débrouille pas mal avec quelques mots d'anglais, de la bonne volonté de la part des voyageurs et de la mienne, ça passe très bien. A 3 min du Moulin de la Galette,  3 min du café ""Les deux moulins"", rendu célèbre par le film ""Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain"", 5 min de la Place des Abbesses, 10 min du Sacré Cœur. Quartier très animé,  boutiques, restaurants avec terrasses. Ambiance village.  Lignes de métro : 12 (Abbesses), pour aller à la Place de la Concorde, Champs Elysées,  et si vous voulez aller à St Germain des Près aussi. Pour les Grands Magasins vous pourrez y aller en bus, très a"
30260	Cute studio with full furnished kitchen (a coffee machine, a toaster, a micro-waves, a kettler...) ,  TV and internet access, a sofa/bed and a double bed, a shower  and all linen needed (towels included). U will have access to a private terrace to relax yourself after a day of visit.	This nice studio in the heart of Montmatre will seduce with its terrace and its location at a few steps of the Sacré Coeur. Enjoy your stay. Nina Cute studio with full furnished kitchen (a coffee machine, a toaster, a micro-waves, a kettler...) ,  TV and internet access, a sofa/bed and a double bed, a shower  and all linen needed (towels included). U will have access to a private terrace to relax yourself after a day of visit. We will share via email or sms. The flat is in the heart of Montmarte (5 minutes by walk of the Sacré Coeur) and 2 minutes to restaurants, pubs and foodstore. U have metro stations and buses lines to connect to everywhere around the flat.
30261		Close to nice bars and delicious restaurants, intersection rue clignancourt/rue custine. Calm bedroom to courtyard and living room with fully equipped kitchen to street. Perfect home base to discover Paris! You will have access to the whole apartment - I am only renting it out when I am not in the city. The apartment is conveniently located, two metro stops from Gare du Nord on the line 4.
30262	Charming apartment of 19m2 located place albert Khan. 2 bedroom optimized and renovated, located on the 2nd floor. Southwest orientation, sunny. - Main room with open kitchen (ceramic hob, extractor, fridge, microwave and cooking utensils) - Room without vis-à-vis with balcony, bathroom, large closet / dressing - True separate WC - Reinforced door - New PVC windows, double glazing and soundproofing - High ceilings - Layout optimized zero wasted space. The apartment is non-smoking but you can smoke on the balcony out smoothly. 	Cozy 2 room apartment, very sunny with balcony. Located in Montmartre, lively neighborhood of Paris. Charming apartment of 19m2 located place albert Khan. 2 bedroom optimized and renovated, located on the 2nd floor. Southwest orientation, sunny. - Main room with open kitchen (ceramic hob, extractor, fridge, microwave and cooking utensils) - Room without vis-à-vis with balcony, bathroom, large closet / dressing - True separate WC - Reinforced door - New PVC windows, double glazing and soundproofing - High ceilings - Layout optimized zero wasted space. The apartment is non-smoking but you can smoke on the balcony out smoothly. My whole apartment is available. I would be at your disposal for any question about my property or the neighborhood. Speaking French and English. Dynamic and cosmopolitan area. Close to all amenities. The buildings are beautiful in the neighborhood. With Montmartrobus (electric mini-bus), my apartment is located 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur. You can always get t
30263	Un charmant appartement de 24m2, idéal pour un couple ou 2 adultes, situé au pied du Sacré Coeur, dans un quartier (Montmartre) esprit village.  Appartement cosy, épuré et lumineux, au 2eme étage d'un immeuble de type haussmannien, securisé avec un digicode. Cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, machine à café, bouilloire, toaster etc ...) Vrai lit de 140 cm , linge (website hidden), connexion internet en Wifi. Salle de bain avec WC, douche (linge de toilette fourni). Seche cheveux à votre disposition.	"Superbe appartement ,dans un immeuble typiquement Hausmannien au pied du Sacré Coeur dans le mythique quartier de la Butte Montmartre. Profitez de ce bien pour découvrir les charmes multiples de la capitale Française. Vous ne serez pas déçus ! Un charmant appartement de 24m2, idéal pour un couple ou 2 adultes, situé au pied du Sacré Coeur, dans un quartier (Montmartre) esprit village.  Appartement cosy, épuré et lumineux, au 2eme étage d'un immeuble de type haussmannien, securisé avec un digicode. Cuisine entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, machine à café, bouilloire, toaster etc ...) Vrai lit de 140 cm , linge (website hidden), connexion internet en Wifi. Salle de bain avec WC, douche (linge de toilette fourni). Seche cheveux à votre disposition. ACCESSIBILITES: L'appartement est à quelques pas de plusieurs stations métro. Métro Anvers (ligne 2):  10"" des Champs Elysée et l'Arc de triomphe Métro Barbes (ligne 12) Pigale, les grands mag"
30264	Beautiful, light and quiet 2-room appartment (35 m2) to rent in the Montmartre district, home of a frequently touring professional musician.  A cozy hide-away, you can almost forget that you are in the middle of a big city !  Close to the Gare du Nord (the direct stop from all airports) and unbelievably convenient to get to all other Paris train stations by public transport plus quick and easy access by car, this is the ideal location in Paris to be in!  The apartment is located in a safe, well-lit residential neighbourhood only a 3-minute walk away to the nearest Metro station.  Just a 10 min metro ride gets you right into the hub of downtown, museums and shopping. Equipped kitchen (open plan), washing machine, bath & shower, blowdryer, Fiberoptic wifi internet, TV, Stereo, sleeper couch, bed has a comfy 160x200 Natural Latex Mattress, sheets & towels provided  Safe and quiet with no direct street access, on the 5th floor (4th étage) in a backbuilding with 2 digital codes to pass. Pre	Beautiful, light and quiet 2-room appartment  in the famous Montmartre district of Paris, home of a frequently touring professional musician. A cozy hide-away, you can almost forget that you are in the middle of a capital city !  Beautiful, light and quiet 2-room appartment (35 m2) to rent in the Montmartre district, home of a frequently touring professional musician.  A cozy hide-away, you can almost forget that you are in the middle of a big city !  Close to the Gare du Nord (the direct stop from all airports) and unbelievably convenient to get to all other Paris train stations by public transport plus quick and easy access by car, this is the ideal location in Paris to be in!  The apartment is located in a safe, well-lit residential neighbourhood only a 3-minute walk away to the nearest Metro station.  Just a 10 min metro ride gets you right into the hub of downtown, museums and shopping. Equipped kitchen (open plan), washing machine, bath & shower, blowdryer, Fiberoptic wifi intern
30265	"Located at the footsteps of the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, the appartment will offer a wonderful experience in this district shown in movies ""Amélie Poulain"" and ""La Vie en Rose"", where use to live great artists and poets, very living and warm with its ""chic and bohemian spirit"", many wine and cheese shops, trendy restaurants and bars. This is how Montmartre is reputaded as a village by itself in Paris. In a typical building of Montmartre, at 3rd floor, former artist workshop of 29 sqm, transformed into a housing. You will enjoy its wonderful sun and pleasant view on Montmartre's hanging gardens on one side, as well on the great romantic poet Verlaine's ancient house (19th).  Cosy appartment all comfort:  - a fully-equipped and modern kichen opened onto the living room, all brand new equipments:  fridge/ freezer, hoven, stoves, dish washer, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - spacious room decorated in an ancient style with double bed 140 and cupboard, - p"	"Located at the footsteps of the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre, the appartment will offer a wonderful experience in this district shown in movies ""Amélie Poulain"" and ""La Vie en Rose"", where use to live great artists and poets, very living and warm with its ""chic and bohemian spirit"", many wine and cheese shops, trendy restaurants and bars. This is how Montmartre is reputaded as a village by itself in Paris. In a typical building of Montmartre, at 3rd floor, former artist workshop of 29 sqm, transformed into a housing. You will enjoy its wonderful sun and pleasant view on Montmartre's hanging gardens on one side, as well on the great romantic poet Verlaine's ancient house (19th).  Cosy appartment all comfort:  - a fully-equipped and modern kichen opened onto the living room, all brand new equipments:  fridge/ freezer, hoven, stoves, dish washer, microwave, nespresso coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - spacious room decorated in an ancient style with double bed 140 and cupboard, - p"
30266	Cet appartement lumineux et cosy de 60 m2 est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un ancien immeuble parisien avec une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris et la Tour Eiffel. Refait à neuf il y a cinq ans, il allie parfaitement le design et le charme des appartements de la capitale pour une expérience typiquement parisienne!	Au pied de la butte de Montmartre, non loin du quartier des Batignolles et du marché aux puces, très bel appartement rénové de 60 m2, situé au 7ème étage d'un immeuble ancien, avec une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris et la Tour Eiffel! Cet appartement lumineux et cosy de 60 m2 est situé au 7ème étage avec ascenseur d'un ancien immeuble parisien avec une vue imprenable sur les toits de Paris et la Tour Eiffel. Refait à neuf il y a cinq ans, il allie parfaitement le design et le charme des appartements de la capitale pour une expérience typiquement parisienne! - deux chambres avec 1 lit double dans chaque chambre - un salon avec chaîne HiFi et WIFI - une salle de bain avec douche - une cuisine équipée avec un four, plaques à induction, micro-onde, machine à laver le linge, frigo. -un WC Draps et serviettes de bain fournis. Chauffage central. Julie, ma colocataire, et moi-même louons cet appartement en entier. Nous vous remettrons les clés à l'arrivée et quelques conseils de vive vo
30267		Situé dans le quartier populaire de Simplon, ce petit studio est proche de 2 lignes de metro stratéqiues et de toutes commodités. Il est calme, agréable et refait à neuf. Il vous garantira un séjour cosy et agréable à Paris.
30268	Apartment - 2 rooms - of 35m ² situated in the 3rd floor (without elevator) in a small pleasant and well displayed building. The apartment possesses a small fully-equipped kitchen, a very clear and big living-room with 2 windows on street, a separated room with its bathroom possessing a big shower.  Separate toilet. The apartment is located in a very pleasant district at the level of the street of la rue du Poteau, with all its bars and its appreciated restaurants, behind Montmartre. It is 5min walking from tube station Simplon on the line 4 and tube station Jules Joffrin on line 12 which both allow to reach very quickly any place in Paris. It is also situated near by the 18th City hall where from leave numerous buses and near a big station(resort) Lively area and very appreciated. Close to (that you an reach walking!) Montmartre, Abbesses-Lamarck, Fleas of Paris, Pigalle...  TV, WiFi, Hi-fi, Washing machine.	2 rooms bright , cozy and comfortable in a quiet street, for 2 people. It is located in a very nice area that offers many shops , restaurants and bars . Very good link to public transfer, excellent for visiting Paris. Apartment - 2 rooms - of 35m ² situated in the 3rd floor (without elevator) in a small pleasant and well displayed building. The apartment possesses a small fully-equipped kitchen, a very clear and big living-room with 2 windows on street, a separated room with its bathroom possessing a big shower.  Separate toilet. The apartment is located in a very pleasant district at the level of the street of la rue du Poteau, with all its bars and its appreciated restaurants, behind Montmartre. It is 5min walking from tube station Simplon on the line 4 and tube station Jules Joffrin on line 12 which both allow to reach very quickly any place in Paris. It is also situated near by the 18th City hall where from leave numerous buses and near a big station(resort) Lively area and very ap
30269	Beautiful 2 bright rooms, fully renovated and the common areas ( intercom and digital lock ) Can put up to 4 people ( double bed, air mattress ( 185 x 140 ) , bed linen, cot ) A big bedroom with a confortable bed and strorage place Wooden floor, ceiling moldings, fireplaces A perfect romantic ant charming parisian apartment Groceries available without additional cost All mod cons: microwave, fridge, hotplates, coffee maker, toaster, kitchenware, folding table, washing machine, vacuum cleaner TV, wifi, divx, stereo and alarm clock Sheets, bath towel, soap, etc...	Fully equipped, functional, brand new, very bright (5th floor) TV, wifi The heart of a lively area , tourist sites, airports and train stations quickly accessible transportation 15 minutes on foot: Sacré Coeur , Puces de Saint Ouen , Barbès... Beautiful 2 bright rooms, fully renovated and the common areas ( intercom and digital lock ) Can put up to 4 people ( double bed, air mattress ( 185 x 140 ) , bed linen, cot ) A big bedroom with a confortable bed and strorage place Wooden floor, ceiling moldings, fireplaces A perfect romantic ant charming parisian apartment Groceries available without additional cost All mod cons: microwave, fridge, hotplates, coffee maker, toaster, kitchenware, folding table, washing machine, vacuum cleaner TV, wifi, divx, stereo and alarm clock Sheets, bath towel, soap, etc... Total access to the flat and its equipment We will be please to meet you the day of your arrival We will be available by phone anytime because we live near the flat and we can be there in
30270	Le lit est en mezzanine, isolée du reste du séjour par une cloison. Il y a un lit pour petit enfant disponible en plus. Il y a aussi un canapé lit d'appoint pour un enfant un peu plus grand. Large studio with Mezzanine on private plant-filled courtyard. Suitable for 2 people. The bed in the mezzanine is separated by a partition. A travel cot is available as well as a small fold-out children's bed. 	Dans le 18 eme arrondissent populaire, studio de 35 m2 très calme, dans un cadre vert pouvant accueillir 2/3 personnes (lit deux personnes en mezzanine et un canapé lit). Le lit est en mezzanine, isolée du reste du séjour par une cloison. Il y a un lit pour petit enfant disponible en plus. Il y a aussi un canapé lit d'appoint pour un enfant un peu plus grand. Large studio with Mezzanine on private plant-filled courtyard. Suitable for 2 people. The bed in the mezzanine is separated by a partition. A travel cot is available as well as a small fold-out children's bed. Durant votre séjours pourrez profiter de atmosphère très calme et reposante du studio mais aussi profiter pleinement des joies de Paris! Le studio est situé à 2 minutes du métro (L4/L12), à 15 minutes à pieds de Montmartre  Il est proche des commerces, marché 3 fois par semaines, piscine, cinéma, parc. C'est un quartier vivant et tres chaleureux. Nous sommes au milieux d'institutions culturelles tel que le 104, la halle sain
30271	Il est l 'appartement d' atelier d'artiste typique de Montmartre , dans un ruelle tres calme juste au dessus de la rue des abesses et au dessous du moulin de la Galette , passage  obligé par Paris 	    Dans une rue très prisée au cœur  de Montmartre : Moulin de la galette ,Sacré coeur , rue Lepic , dans un décor  tres  chaleureux comme dans un maison ... Decoration raffinée et très moderne, tres vintage ,  confort absolu ...  Le rêve ...    Il est l 'appartement d' atelier d'artiste typique de Montmartre , dans un ruelle tres calme juste au dessus de la rue des abesses et au dessous du moulin de la Galette , passage  obligé par Paris  Télé , wifi , machine a laver , nespresso  Je suis juste a coté sur le meme palier au moindre problème je suis joignable et disponible  TOUT  Les Commerces , les boutiques , les petits restaurants, les créateurs , la vue , les animations de Montmartre , la mascotte pour ses fruits de mer ...  On y dort tres bien , étant tres sensible au bruit et au sommeil je vous garantie un vrai confort Bus , metro , velib , autolib Tres bien desservi Besoin de gens sérieux , L'appartement est mon petit  bonheur , la chambre est bas de plafond détail pour les géan
30272	"Private bedroom with private bathroom &  private toilet, TV and Wi Fi ----------------------------------------------------- The private flat ""number 14"" has an independant access, so you can check in anytime and come back late in the evening this is not a problem.  ----------------------------------------------------- YOU DO NOT SHARE THE PLACE - YOU RENT ALL THE PLACE - IT IS A INDEPENDANT BEDROOM WITH BATHROOM- NO KITCHEN NO FRIDGE  ---------------------------------------------------- 1th floor without elevator ----------------------------------------------------- Free access anytime ! nights&days (the keys of the room are in free access in a safe with code in the corridor) ------------------------------------------------------ The price also include the rental of linens & towels, shower gel, shampoo, make up remover, cream ..."	"New, Clean & Cosy small ""Artist Flat"" in (website hidden), free Wi Fi - Access anytime night & days !  Perfect for a short stay !  10 minutes only from the center of Paris !  (You do not share the flat / No kitchen please note) Private bedroom with private bathroom &  private toilet, TV and Wi Fi ----------------------------------------------------- The private flat ""number 14"" has an independant access, so you can check in anytime and come back late in the evening this is not a problem.  ----------------------------------------------------- YOU DO NOT SHARE THE PLACE - YOU RENT ALL THE PLACE - IT IS A INDEPENDANT BEDROOM WITH BATHROOM- NO KITCHEN NO FRIDGE  ---------------------------------------------------- 1th floor without elevator ----------------------------------------------------- Free access anytime ! nights&days (the keys of the room are in free access in a safe with code in the corridor) ------------------------------------------------------ The price also include the renta"
30273		Very nice appartment fully furnished. I took the pictures by night but the place is very
30274	You will find all the equipment you need in this very cosy appartment. You will feel at home !	Charming 37 m2 flat composed of one bedroom (double bed), one living room well decorated with a sofa bed for two people, a small and well furnished kitchen (oven, fridge, toaster, kettle..). Very well located, colourful and lively district of Paris ! You will find all the equipment you need in this very cosy appartment. You will feel at home ! Internet available. The metro is 1 minute from home and you have a direct line to Champs Elysées (12 minutes), to Montparnasse (15 minutes) and to Saint Lazare/Galaries Lafayettes (only 10 minutes).
30275	appartement au rez de jardin de 40 m2, 2 pièces, possibilité de loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, avec jardin privatif de 50 m2. refait totalement à neuf, meubles de qualité et design.	appartement au rez de jardin de 40 m2, 2 pièces, possibilité de loger jusqu'à 4 personnes, avec jardin privatif de 50 m2. refait totalement à neuf, meubles de qualité et design.
30276	L'appartement se trouve au 6eme étage sans ascenseur.	MINIMUM 2 NIGHTS My appartment is very calm, and light. You will share the 35 sq meters. You will have your own bedroom, while I will stay in the living room. I work during the day, and back in the evening, sometimes quite late.
30277		Hi, I'm subrenting a room in my charming, clear & quiet, flat. Shared dining room, kitchen, bathroom. Lively district, lots of shops (wine, bakery, fruits & vegetables, tabac) in the street.
30278	Mon appartement est constitué d'un salon avec cuisine, d'une chambre avec lit double et d'une salle de bain. Le canapé du salon peut se transformer en lit double. La cuisine est équipée d'un four, frigo, plaques, cafetière, etc. Mon appartement est situé dans le quartier de la goutte d'or, quartier populaire avec beaucoup de commerces, restaurants et cafés. La butte Montmartre et le Sacré Cœur sont situés à moins de 500m. Le métro Château Rouge est situé à 2 min et permet de se rendre dans tous les sites touristique de Paris en moins de 30min. My flat is composed of a living room with a kitchen, a bed room with a bed for 2 and a bathroom. The sofa of the living room can be turned into a bed for 2. In the kitchen you'll find an oven, hot plates, fridge, coffee maker,... My flat is situated in a popular district : la goutte d'or. You'll find all accommodations, restaurants, bars you want. You'll can walk 10 minutes to reach the Sacre Coeur and Montmartre. The subway is very close to the 	"In a popular and multicultural district : the ""goutte d'or"", next to all kinds of accommodations, you could stay in my 30 m2 flat with a kitchen, bathroom, a room with a double bed and a living room with a sofa which can transform into a double bed !"
30279	Cet appartement bénéficie d'une vue superbe sur le Sacré Cœur et son jardin. Il est très lumineux et spacieux 	Au cœur de Montmartre, appartement de 70m2  : Double living face Sacré Cœur et chambre lit 160 sur cour. Canapé convertible 2 places, cuisine équipée , sdb wc séparés. Situation exceptionnelle . Balcon ensoleillé sur jardin du sacré cœur.  Escalier de Montmartre devant l'appartement, restaurants et bars au pied de l'immeuble. Cet appartement bénéficie d'une vue superbe sur le Sacré Cœur et son jardin. Il est très lumineux et spacieux Je serai là pour vous accueillir et vous donner quelques adresses d'endroits sympas dans le quartier si vous le souhaitez Vous flânerez dans un quartier très animé, entre la Place du Tertre et ses artistes ; Pigalle, ses pubs, théâtres et les Abbesses, ses nombreux restaurants, bars et boutiques. 3 lignes de métro à proximité :  Abbesses ligne 12 Anvers ligne 2 Château Rouge ligne 4
30280	Quiet and sunny appartment located in the nice area of Jules Joffrin, 5-minute walk from Montmatre and Paris very city center is only at 20 minutes by metro. All comodities close to the flat, with the lifefull rue du Poteau. Closest metro station are Simplon on line 4 (1-minute walk) and Jules Joffrin on line 12 (2-minutes walk). The appartment contains : -a big bedroom with a double bed (160x200cm) -a living room with sofa bed - a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, hoven, kettle, espresso maker, etc.) - a bath room with real bath and washer-dryer - separated toilets. Towels and sheets are included. It will be my pleasure to advise you on the nice places to go !! See you soon Thomas	Quiet and sunny appartment located in the nice area of Jules Joffrin, 5-minute walk from Montmatre and Paris very city center is only at 20 minutes by metro. All comodities close to the flat, with the lifefull rue du Poteau. Closest metro station are Simplon on line 4 (1-minute walk) and Jules Joffrin on line 12 (2-minutes walk). The appartment contains : -a big bedroom with a double bed (160x200cm) -a living room with sofa bed - a fully equipped kitchen (microwave, hoven, kettle, espresso maker, etc.) - a bath room with real bath and washer-dryer - separated toilets. Towels and sheets are included. It will be my pleasure to advise you on the nice places to go !! See you soon Thomas Line 12 : Jules Joffrin metro station Line 4 : Simplon metro station
30281	Appartement en plein coeur du quartier typique de Montmartre, Appartement décoré avec soin, lumineux, avec belle vue,  Calme et tranquillité assuré. Superbe 3 pièces de 60 m2,  avec une chambre lit double et un salon ( canapé lit) ,un grand bureau/ dressing pour lire et se détendre.  Appartement charmant, idéal pour un couple.  Salle de bain avec douche, toilette séparé, petite cuisine séparé très pratique. Idéalement situé au cœur de Montmartre, à 50 mètres du Moulin de la galette et à 2 minutes de la place du Tertre.  Nombreux restaurants et commerces tout près.  Très bien desservi par le métro et le bus. 	Au coeur du Montmatre typique dans une rue calme et charmante. Vous trouverez un appartement de 60m2 lumineux et traversant, donnant sur rue et sur un parc, décoré avec gout. Superbe vue sur le sacré coeur. Appartement en plein coeur du quartier typique de Montmartre, Appartement décoré avec soin, lumineux, avec belle vue,  Calme et tranquillité assuré. Superbe 3 pièces de 60 m2,  avec une chambre lit double et un salon ( canapé lit) ,un grand bureau/ dressing pour lire et se détendre.  Appartement charmant, idéal pour un couple.  Salle de bain avec douche, toilette séparé, petite cuisine séparé très pratique. Idéalement situé au cœur de Montmartre, à 50 mètres du Moulin de la galette et à 2 minutes de la place du Tertre.  Nombreux restaurants et commerces tout près.  Très bien desservi par le métro et le bus. La station Lamarck caulaincourt sur la ligne de métro 12 est à 2 minutes à pied. Proche du métro Pigalle et Blanche. Service de bus 80 , et vélib très proche pour une autre décou
30282		Appartement de 35 m2 en plein coeur de Montmartre (métro Anvers). Idéalement situé dans une rue calme au pied du sacré coeur; entre commerces, restaurants et bars.  Très fonctionnel et entièrement équipé  avec une très belle vue de Paris. Parfait pour 2 ou 3 personnes.
30283	Studio de 18 m² en plein cœur de Montmartre dans un Bel immeuble Haussmannien datant de 1903. Le studio a été entièrement rénové en 2012, il est entièrement équipé et  lumineux.  Il est situé sous les toits au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, et donne sur une cour très calme. Idéalement situés dans un quartier commerçant, vous êtes à quelques minutes à pied des quartiers animés de Lepic et des Abesses, ou vous pourrez sortir boire un verre ou manger. Vous pourrez également vous promener dans Montmartre vers le Sacré cœur ou le moulin rouge. La rue Damrémont est très bien desservie par plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus qui vous amènerons directement sur les principaux sites touristiques (Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Saint Germain des Prés, Champs Elysées) et devant les grands magasins (Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps...). Vous êtes à quelques minutes à pieds du quartier très vivant des Abbesses pour boire un verre ou manger avec une multitude de bons bars et restaurants. La butte Monmartr	Studio de 18 m² en plein cœur de Montmartre dans un Bel immeuble Haussmannien datant de 1903. Le studio a été entièrement rénové en 2012, il est entièrement équipé et  lumineux.  Il est situé sous les toits au 6eme étage avec ascenseur, et donne sur une cour très calme. Idéalement situés dans un quartier commerçant, vous êtes à quelques minutes à pied des quartiers animés de Lepic et des Abesses, ou vous pourrez sortir boire un verre ou manger. Vous pourrez également vous promener dans Montmartre vers le Sacré cœur ou le moulin rouge. La rue Damrémont est très bien desservie par plusieurs lignes de métro et de bus qui vous amènerons directement sur les principaux sites touristiques (Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, Saint Germain des Prés, Champs Elysées) et devant les grands magasins (Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps...). Vous êtes à quelques minutes à pieds du quartier très vivant des Abbesses pour boire un verre ou manger avec une multitude de bons bars et restaurants. La butte Monmartr
30284	Voici un appartement de 40m2 refait à neuf il y a 1 an et demi.  L'appartement est vraiment un petit coin de campagne en pleine ville. Un  havre de paix. Silencieux, lumineux. Une cours intérieure joliment fleurie !  Un voisinage agréable Tous les commerces à proximité , moins de 5 minutes à pieds. Il comprend un grand salon cuisine de 27m2, avec tout le nécessaire, ou il est agréable de se poser pour l'apéro ou de cuisiner pour les copains! De nombreux rangements et grands placards.  L'appartement est bien équipé pour se faciliter au mieux la vie ! Lave vaisselle, machine à laver, sèche linge, Grand frigo et congélateur, 2 grands fours de compétition... Abonnement à Netflix compris. Dans la chambre à louer de 13m2, meublée, vous trouverez un grand dressing avec deux penderies et une grande commode. Un bureau, de nombreux autres rangements ainsi qu'un petit coin fauteuil table basse.  Une jolie chambre spacieuse, lumineuse avec de quoi travailler, ranger et se poser au calme!	Au coeur du quartier vivant Marx Dormoy, du très mignon marché de l'olive, Chambre privative de 13m2 dans un joli appartement tout confort de 40m2 idéalement situé. A 15 min de Montmartre à pied. 20 min à vélo du centre. Métro :L12/L2/L4 - Velib -Bus Voici un appartement de 40m2 refait à neuf il y a 1 an et demi.  L'appartement est vraiment un petit coin de campagne en pleine ville. Un  havre de paix. Silencieux, lumineux. Une cours intérieure joliment fleurie !  Un voisinage agréable Tous les commerces à proximité , moins de 5 minutes à pieds. Il comprend un grand salon cuisine de 27m2, avec tout le nécessaire, ou il est agréable de se poser pour l'apéro ou de cuisiner pour les copains! De nombreux rangements et grands placards.  L'appartement est bien équipé pour se faciliter au mieux la vie ! Lave vaisselle, machine à laver, sèche linge, Grand frigo et congélateur, 2 grands fours de compétition... Abonnement à Netflix compris. Dans la chambre à louer de 13m2, meublée, vous trouverez
30285	One Bedroom for one or two people.	Clean, calm and simple bedroom for one or two persons in a cosy apartment.Bedroom includes large bed, wardrobes, blanket, mirror and bath towels Located near Gare Du Nord and Montmartre. Closest metro and rer stations: La chapelle, Gare du nord. One Bedroom for one or two people. kitchen, living room, washing machine Rer B or D   Gare Du Nrod Metro line , 4, 5 Gare du Nord    2 La chapelle
30286	This beautiful one bedroom apartment with balcony is in the heart of Montmartre and from the balcony you will be overlooking Paris and the Place Emile Goudeau and the Bateau Lavoir. You are in Montmartre hot spot! The romantic place Emile Goudeau is a registered as an historic site where Picasso and other artists has their studios at the famous Bateau-Lavoir.  The flat is also 30 meters from Amélie Poulain famous grocery store filming location (same building block!)  and at the center of Les Abbesses neighborhood. The apartment have a bedroom with a four-poster double bed and 2 windows overlooking the place, an in-suite bathroom with shower and toilet (just renovated in February 15),  a large sunny living room with 3 windows, an open kitchen fully equipped, a sofa and access to the beautiful balcony with table and 2 chairs.	Wonderful&overlooking Paris flat with a unique balcony, located right on the charming place Emile Goudeau close to the Bateau Lavoir & the rue des Abbesses. On the first floor with five windows you will be in the heart of Montmartre. A real hot spot! This beautiful one bedroom apartment with balcony is in the heart of Montmartre and from the balcony you will be overlooking Paris and the Place Emile Goudeau and the Bateau Lavoir. You are in Montmartre hot spot! The romantic place Emile Goudeau is a registered as an historic site where Picasso and other artists has their studios at the famous Bateau-Lavoir.  The flat is also 30 meters from Amélie Poulain famous grocery store filming location (same building block!)  and at the center of Les Abbesses neighborhood. The apartment have a bedroom with a four-poster double bed and 2 windows overlooking the place, an in-suite bathroom with shower and toilet (just renovated in February 15),  a large sunny living room with 3 windows, an open kitch
30287	"2 rooms flat. The apartment has one bedroom with queen size bed (160x200) with a bathroom in it, with a great Italian shower, a living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen, a large TV 50"" with cable (200 channels), an Internet connection very high speed. Windows isolated with double layer. Fully equiped and has all the necessary comforts."	"    Modern apartment made by architect, located in the middle of Montmartre, refurbished, with 4 large windows on a courtyard. 2 rooms. In center Paris, close to metros, monuments and shopping. Best area for visiting Paris    2 rooms flat. The apartment has one bedroom with queen size bed (160x200) with a bathroom in it, with a great Italian shower, a living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen, a large TV 50"" with cable (200 channels), an Internet connection very high speed. Windows isolated with double layer. Fully equiped and has all the necessary comforts. Access to everything, big TV 50"" with cable, wireless Internet very high speed, washing machine, iron, hair dryer, all kitchen commodities... If you need any tips about good restaurant, clubs, visits.. Just ask, I'll help ! ;-) The apartment benefits from a very central location in Paris. Where you want to go, you're never far away. Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, the Opera Garnier, department stores, walkways the Grands Boulevards, the"
30288		Joli studio équipé, clair, spacieux, proche métro et tout commerce dans le quartier le plus sympa de Paris. Equipé internet, machine à laver le linge. Attention toutefois : 4et sans ascenseur, mais c'est bon pour le coeur !
30289	45 mq at fifth floor of a typical parisian building. Every room offers a wonderful view over all Paris.  Floors in parquet. Livingroom with double sofa-bed, round table in cristal TV, DVD, Hi-Fi. Bedroom with three windows and a double bed. Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, washing-machine. Electric eathing.	Apt in Montmartre with spectacular view over all Paris! 4 people, Internet Wi-Fi, TV, Hi-Fi, washingmachine. Recently renew! 45 mq at fifth floor of a typical parisian building. Every room offers a wonderful view over all Paris.  Floors in parquet. Livingroom with double sofa-bed, round table in cristal TV, DVD, Hi-Fi. Bedroom with three windows and a double bed. Fully furnished kitchen with microwave, washing-machine. Electric eathing. Internet, Washing machine, cheminet, TV, Hi-FI Metro line nr. (email hidden), shops, restaurants, café. I live in Italy, in Florence, where I also rent another apartment ;-)  In Paris there is a very nice friend of mine, who is in charge of the apartment since 2008, and who will be glad to help you with everything you need to know about Paris. Close to the apartment you will find Place des Abbesses with its metro station and everything you might need, from restaurants and bars to supermarkets, shopping and groceries: There are lots of shops and really n
30290	L'endroit est magique ! Et l'appartement très bien équipé. Il est très clair et ensoleillé, car la pièce de vie est exposée sud. Il est situé au 2e étage sans ascenseur d’un immeuble du 18e siècle. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. 	Charme et romantisme pour ce 2 pièces situé en zone piétonne du village Montmartre, à 50 mètres de la Basilique du Sacré Coeur. Très clair et ensoleillé, il est parfaitement équipé. Idéal pour un couple.   L'endroit est magique ! Et l'appartement très bien équipé. Il est très clair et ensoleillé, car la pièce de vie est exposée sud. Il est situé au 2e étage sans ascenseur d’un immeuble du 18e siècle. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes. Equipements principaux :  Salon/salle à manger :  Internet haut débit en Wi-Fi, Home cinéma avec TV écran plat qui vous donne accès à plus de 100 chaines, lecteur CD/DVD, téléphone répondeur (appels gratuits vers les fixes dans 70 pays du monde), Station iPod. Un canapé et un fauteuil très confortables vous attendent ! Ainsi qu'un coin bureau équipé d'une imprimante. Chambre :  Lit de 160 cm, matelas haut de gamme bio en fibre de bambou, surmatelas, commode, grande penderie avec miroirs, téléviseur écran plat (TNT) avec lecteur CD/DVD. Salle de bains : douch
30291	Douillet, un vrai appartement à vivre où les meubles ont une histoire, où tout est à disposition pour que l'un fasse de la cuisine pendant que l'autre regarde la télé ou feuillette les livres d'art et que le troisième consulte internet. 	    Près de Montmartre - très bien desservi 2 lignes de metro , bus , près des gares.  Chambre sur cour lit double -  salon cuisine équipée télé internet téléphone compris - réfrigérateur et ustensiles ménagers pour cuisiner. canapé pliant 1 pers Douillet, un vrai appartement à vivre où les meubles ont une histoire, où tout est à disposition pour que l'un fasse de la cuisine pendant que l'autre regarde la télé ou feuillette les livres d'art et que le troisième consulte internet.  Réfrigérateur - gazinière - vaisselle - produits alimentaires de base - assaisonnement - café thé pour la première nuit . Appartement non-fumeur.  Le plus d'échanges possible  metro ligne 12 station Jules Joffrin  métro ligne 4 station Simplon  bus (phone number hidden) .
30292	"As Paris is a city that never sleeps, I was looking for an apartment offering room to relax. The place I found is exactly that: Inviting, convivial, calm and yet only a step away from ""le Paris qui bouge"". "	"I am renting the living room of my 36m2 apartment situated in the 18th arrondissement of Paris (Montmartre, Sacre Coeur...) You have access to: Living room (w/ convertible couch), kitchen, bathroom, WC. Metro Jules Joffrin (L12) + Simplon (L4)    As Paris is a city that never sleeps, I was looking for an apartment offering room to relax. The place I found is exactly that: Inviting, convivial, calm and yet only a step away from ""le Paris qui bouge"".  - TV - Internet - Washing machine - Shower (bath tub) - Oven / gas stove I am trying to personally welcome you, but depending on my work schedule I will ask my friends to let you into the apartment or arrange a key pick up location. During the week I am basically home only at night but happy to go out for a dinner with you. If I am free the weekend it will be my pleasure to show you around the quarter a bit. Let's discuss all details via mail! By hazard, I found my first shared flat in the 18th arrondissement....and never left :) People han"
30293	The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the north of central Paris. Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else. The airy studio is an open plan design with a kitchen, living area and separate bathroom. The main living area is set up with a  double bed and a modern sofa , a dining table with two chairs. The kitchen is well equipped with hotplates, a fridge, a freezer, a coffee maker, a microwave and a dishwasher. The bathroom has a shower, a handbasin, a hair dryer and a W.C. The apartment also has a washing machine, an iron, a vacuum cleaner and complimentary high speed internet access	The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the north of central Paris. Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else. The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the north of central Paris. Here you will find history and and an atmosphere you will find nowhere else. The airy studio is an open plan design with a kitchen, living area and separate bathroom. The main living area is set up with a  double bed and a modern sofa , a dining table with two chairs. The kitchen is well equipped with hotplates, a fridge, a freezer, a coffee maker, a microwave and a dishwasher. The bathroom has a shower, a handbasin, a hair dryer and a W.C. The apartment also has a washing machine, an iron, a vacuum cleaner and complimentary high speed internet access The bright sunny studio is located in one of the most exciting areas of Paris, Montmartre located to the no
30294	Very beautiful apartment « like a house ». Duplex with a double view on Sacré Cœur and the roofs of Paris. Wonderful volumes. Living room more than 30sq.m. The ambiance of the apartment is both cozy and bohemian, typical Montmartre’s one. Montmartre has always been a creative area. The apartment is sunlit. Sleeping: perfect for a family with children or teenagers. Upstairs: very spacious master suite with a wonderful view on Sacré Cœur and roofs of Paris (see the first photo ! but imagine it with sun ! unfortunately we chose the worst day to take the pictures, it was raining cats and dogs) Little bedroom (wonderful mansard) for one person, on a charming yard. Downstairs a semi-open space containing, in the library part, a day bed perfect for the night, too. Two children or one adult can sleep in it, quietly even if parents are in the living-room.  Two spacious and charming bathrooms. One upstairs with a bath, the other downstairs Italian style. Situated in the « Village Ramey » : certa	Very beautiful apartment « like a house ». Duplex with a double view on Sacré Cœur and the roofs of Paris. Wonderful volumes. Living room more than 30sq.m. The ambiance of the apartment is both cozy and bohemian, typical Montmartre’s one. Montmartre has always been a creative area. The apartment is sunlit. Sleeping: perfect for a family with children or teenagers. Upstairs: very spacious master suite with a wonderful view on Sacré Cœur and roofs of Paris (see the first photo ! but imagine it with sun ! unfortunately we chose the worst day to take the pictures, it was raining cats and dogs) Little bedroom (wonderful mansard) for one person, on a charming yard. Downstairs a semi-open space containing, in the library part, a day bed perfect for the night, too. Two children or one adult can sleep in it, quietly even if parents are in the living-room.  Two spacious and charming bathrooms. One upstairs with a bath, the other downstairs Italian style. Situated in the « Village Ramey » : certa
30295		Appartement très fonctionnel, lumineux, à 2 pas du métro Marcadets Poissoniers (Lignes 4 et 12) très pratique pour rejoindre tous les lieux touristiques.
30296	"Walking distance from Montmarte, close to 3 subways stops (""Porte de clignancourt"", ""Porte de Saint-Ouen"" and ""Jules Joffrin""), here is a charming apartment of 30 square meters with 2 rooms and a small bathroom. It is located at the first floor and it's fully furnished, with a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine, a double-bed, a piano and wifi. "	"Walking distance from Montmarte, close to 3 subways stops, charming and colourful apartment of 30 square meters with 2 rooms and bathroom. Walking distance from Montmarte, close to 3 subways stops (""Porte de clignancourt"", ""Porte de Saint-Ouen"" and ""Jules Joffrin""), here is a charming apartment of 30 square meters with 2 rooms and a small bathroom. It is located at the first floor and it's fully furnished, with a fully equipped kitchen, a washing-machine, a double-bed, a piano and wifi.  People have acces to the internet, to all the dishes, the fridge, the bathroom etc... I won't be in the apartment when the apt will be rented. The neighborhood is lively, well-situated. There is the flea market very close which is nice. And it's also very easy to walk towards Montmartre. The is close to the périphérique which is convenient if you come by car (you dont' have to drive inside Paris). If you come by train, it's like 20 minutes from Gare du Nord and there are also 3 subway stops (""Porte de "
30297	A spacious 2 bedroom flat, 590 sq ft, traditional Parisian yet contemporary decor, wooden flooring,  in a typical Parisian stone building. Flat boasts an excellent location.	"In montmartre and just at the foot of the stairs to the Sacré Coeur. Very good location. Easy reach by metro to the centre and close to Gare du Nord. A spacious 2 bedroom flat, 590 sq ft, traditional Parisian yet contemporary decor, wooden flooring,  in a typical Parisian stone building. Flat boasts an excellent location. 2 bedrooms (one is ensuite), 1 lounge, seperate toilet and an open kitchen. All mod cons: Wifi Wireless internet connection, washing machine ; Bed linen and towels are provided. Flat is cosy and warm, clean and pleasant and in pure Parisian tradition. I'm very happy to give you tips on exploring Paris. I'm a tour guide myself! Neighborhood is really fantastic, an authentic Paris vibe here! At the foot of Montmartre hill, you will reach the top in a matter of minutes to take in the best panoramic views of Paris. Just to clarify Airbnb has ""located us through their gps system in the ""La Chapelle"" neighborhood which is NOT the case, we are on the boundary and closer to M"
30298	Le logement : Il est situé rue Ordener, dans un immeuble de standing au 2 éme étage avec ascenseur.  Idéalement localisé pour un séjour romantique ou familial dans l’ambiance du Paris populaire. Vous profiterez d'une superbe cuisine entièrement fonctionnelle et toute équipée, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, frigidaire, donnant sur le séjour de plus de 30 m2, très lumineux en baie vitrée avec télévision à écran plat.  L’internet sans fil, la télévision, 1 toilettes, un dressing, 1 machine à laver et sécher le linge…  Le salon est équipé d’un canapé-lit très confortable pouvant accueillir 2 couchages. Vous y trouverez également une grande table à manger pour 6 ou 8 personnes. La deuxième pièce est une grande chambre intime avec un lit King-size très confortable, pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Attenante, une petite chambre avec un lit pour 1 personne. De la chambre principale vous avez accès à une charmante terrasse orientée plein sud, donnant sur un jardin très calme. La salle de bai	L’appartement est situé au pieds de la Butte Montmartre. Sur la colline de Montmartre. Entièrement refait à neuf il peut accueillir jusqu’à 5 voyageurs. 2 chambres donnant sur un jardin et un vaste salon de plus de 40m2. Ascenseur, Interphone... Le logement : Il est situé rue Ordener, dans un immeuble de standing au 2 éme étage avec ascenseur.  Idéalement localisé pour un séjour romantique ou familial dans l’ambiance du Paris populaire. Vous profiterez d'une superbe cuisine entièrement fonctionnelle et toute équipée, four, micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, frigidaire, donnant sur le séjour de plus de 30 m2, très lumineux en baie vitrée avec télévision à écran plat.  L’internet sans fil, la télévision, 1 toilettes, un dressing, 1 machine à laver et sécher le linge…  Le salon est équipé d’un canapé-lit très confortable pouvant accueillir 2 couchages. Vous y trouverez également une grande table à manger pour 6 ou 8 personnes. La deuxième pièce est une grande chambre intime avec un lit King-siz
30299	2 bedroom apartment in a quiet suburb of Issy-les-Moulineaux, can accommodate 5 (website hidden) the apartment all have 3 beds, kitchen, bathroom, toilet, underground parking.	 квартиру 32м. в центре Парижа.  20 мин. до Эйфелевой башни на метро. Метро рядом с домом, так же как вся инфраструктура.    Есть  2-х спальная кровать. Кухня оборудованная, все удобства.   2 bedroom apartment in a quiet suburb of Issy-les-Moulineaux, can accommodate 5 (website hidden) the apartment all have 3 beds, kitchen, bathroom, toilet, underground parking. completely flat great place to relax bus stops, the proximity of the underground
