6000	Grandes chambres et accès à la salle de bain et à la cuisine comme bon vous semble. Mot d'ordre : Faites comme chez vous.	Nous cherchons des voyageurs pour occuper une chambre de 14m2 dans notre coloc de 100m2 pendant les vacances. L'ambiance est sympa, détendue mais calme et respect de l'intimité assurée. Le quartier est très central. Grandes chambres et accès à la salle de bain et à la cuisine comme bon vous semble. Mot d'ordre : Faites comme chez vous. Accès à toutes les parties, sauf les chambres des autres ;-) Métros :  Gare du nord à 5mn à pied (lignes 4, 5, RER B, D et E)  Barbès à 5mn à pied (ligne 2)  Poissonnière à 3mn à pieds (ligne 7) La chambre permet d'héberger 2 personnes confortablement. Il est possible d'ajouter un lit d'appoint pour une 3ème personne.
6001	Beautifull two bedroom duplex next by rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, in a charming residence very peaceful next to Champs élysées and avenue Montaigne  Two stairs , one real bedroom and one sofa for two others persons 	"Beautifull two bedroom duplex next by rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, in a charming red brick ""place des Vosges spirit""residence right behind Elysées Palace within a  courtyard very calm , one real bedroom ,one coach available for two others persons. Beautifull two bedroom duplex next by rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré, in a charming residence very peaceful next to Champs élysées and avenue Montaigne  Two stairs , one real bedroom and one sofa for two others persons Free wifi, TV, Satelitte and Canal plus channels Washing machine Iron Microwave Oven Nespreso coffe  machine I welcom personnaly each guest and stay fully available during his stay in case he has any questions or thought Champs Elysées , Montaigne avenue, Place de la Madeleine , Galeries Lafayettes & Printemps Haussman near by Metro Miromesnil ligne 13 et 9 Bus "
6002	Located at the top floor of a 6-floor 1935 building with an elevator, it has a view on the roofs of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the Abesses village... Only the birds will wake you up as it is incredibly quiet, giving on a courtyard and a small allee.  Double exposition living room, one bedroom, fully kitted kitchen, bathroom with Italian shower. A 160 double-bed and a 140 convertible sofa in the living room. Washing-drying machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, wifi, TV... Located in the typical neighborhood of Pigalle-Montmartre, at the foot of the Butte Montmartre, one of the most touristic, artistic and vibrant area of Paris : Pigalle, Place du Tertre, Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge... It is very well connected : 2 metro lines N°2 and N°12, numerous busses and only 20 mn walk to Lafayette Galeries and Printemps of the Haussman Boulevard and Saint-Lazare station. The area is a high spot for shopping and you will find also lots of restaurants, terrace cafes and shops of every 	A cute nest under the roofs of Paris where it feels good living. I love this apartment and enjoy the view everyday . It is a 47 sq meters flat, very sunny with quadruple exposition and a 9 sq. meters terrace. Located at the top floor of a 6-floor 1935 building with an elevator, it has a view on the roofs of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, the Sacre Coeur, the Abesses village... Only the birds will wake you up as it is incredibly quiet, giving on a courtyard and a small allee.  Double exposition living room, one bedroom, fully kitted kitchen, bathroom with Italian shower. A 160 double-bed and a 140 convertible sofa in the living room. Washing-drying machine, dishwasher, oven, microwave, wifi, TV... Located in the typical neighborhood of Pigalle-Montmartre, at the foot of the Butte Montmartre, one of the most touristic, artistic and vibrant area of Paris : Pigalle, Place du Tertre, Sacre Coeur, Moulin Rouge... It is very well connected : 2 metro lines N°2 and N°12, numerous busses and only 20 m
6003	"Very charming appartment (700 sq feet), with a great and stylish living-room (320 sq ft, high-ceilinged, moldings, nice parquet floor). Full of character. Located in the heart of ""So-Pi"" (south of Pigalle district), next to the Moulin Rouge and the famous rue Lepic. The top of Montmartre is 10 minutes away by foot (very nice walk to get there). You also can go by foot to the ""grands magasins"" (famous departments stores) and the great National Opera house Garnier. Fully equipped: washing machine and dishwasher, dryer, free wi-Fi. Nice little kitchen with oven and gas cooktop. 2 bedrooms. I can add some sleeping arrangements on demand. The neighborhood, built in the beginning of the 19th century (phone number hidden)) is one of the most genuine and lively of Paris. The artists in the romantic period used to live and work there (for instance: Delacroix, Chopin, Victor Hugo, Degas...). You can still feel the atmosphere of this past. There are plenty of trendy bars, restaurants, theaters, c"	"Very charming appartment (700 sq feet), with a great and stylish living-room (320 sq ft, high-ceilinged, moldings, nice parquet floor). Full of character. Located in the heart of ""So-Pi"" (south of Pigalle district), next to the Moulin Rouge and the famous rue Lepic. The top of Montmartre is 10 minutes away by foot (very nice walk to get there). You also can go by foot to the ""grands magasins"" (famous departments stores) and the great National Opera house Garnier. Fully equipped: washing machine and dishwasher, dryer, free wi-Fi. Nice little kitchen with oven and gas cooktop. 2 bedrooms. I can add some sleeping arrangements on demand. The neighborhood, built in the beginning of the 19th century (phone number hidden)) is one of the most genuine and lively of Paris. The artists in the romantic period used to live and work there (for instance: Delacroix, Chopin, Victor Hugo, Degas...). You can still feel the atmosphere of this past. There are plenty of trendy bars, restaurants, theaters, c"
6004	Refurbished while thinking of many optimization. The kitchen is equipped with all necessary appliances. The bathroom is optimized while being very functional.  All this to keep as much space in the living room.  The apartment is very bright because it is situated in front of a totally white  building facade.  Large living room, Walk-in Shower, American Bar, corner sofa.	In the middle of SoPi (South Pigalle). Close to many bars, restaurants and sightseeings. The best place to spend a nice journey in a real parisian life. Refurbished while thinking of many optimization. The kitchen is equipped with all necessary appliances. The bathroom is optimized while being very functional.  All this to keep as much space in the living room.  The apartment is very bright because it is situated in front of a totally white  building facade.  Large living room, Walk-in Shower, American Bar, corner (website hidden), WiFi. Nespresso, tee kettle. Guets retrieve keys from a safety code affixed to the front door. The proximity of vibrant nightlife, theaters, concert halls (Moulin Rouge Elysée Montmartre), bars (The Mansard, The Trouble Shooter) Clubs (Bus Palladium, Chez Moune). 3 metro lines within 500m  Blanche, line 2 Pigalle, line 12 Place de Clichy, line 13 Velib station at 50m Taxi rank at 200m Sation Autolib at 200m 
6005	This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. The living-room, the dining-room and the master bedroom windows open on a small balcony overlooking the street. The two other bedrooms overlook a lovely courtyard. All the windows are double-glazed. The master bedroom and the living-room both have a small balcony (two people can stand on it). This sumptuous 120 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated by an interior architect in Dec 2012. It features three separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. It is organized as such : the entrance hall first leads to the very spacious living-room, wonderful with its refined moldings and its high ceiling. It features a large angle couch, a coffee table and two comfortable design pouffes around an elegant decorative marble chimney. An audio system for iPod / iPhone is at your disposal and a DVD player. The living-room communicates with the living-r	Astonishing 3-bedroom 120 sqm apartment to rent in the lovely 9th district of Paris. Suitable for six people, this apartment is comfortable, spacious, sumptuous, renovated by an interior architect, we love it ! This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a beautiful Haussmannian building with lift. The access is secured by a door code and an intercom. The living-room, the dining-room and the master bedroom windows open on a small balcony overlooking the street. The two other bedrooms overlook a lovely courtyard. All the windows are double-glazed. The master bedroom and the living-room both have a small balcony (two people can stand on it). This sumptuous 120 sqm apartment has been entirely renovated by an interior architect in Dec 2012. It features three separate bedrooms and can sleep up to six guests. It is organized as such : the entrance hall first leads to the very spacious living-room, wonderful with its refined moldings and its high ceiling. It features a large angle couch, a 
6006	The appartment has one bedroom and a separate, well-equipped kitchen. The living room is well arranged and includes a double sofa bed, television and eating area. The marble bathroom has a bath and shower built in, and there is a lovely terrace for your breakfast or to have a drink in the evening.  Ideal for a couple or two friends; this is a perfect location to enjoy the many shops, charming restaurants and tourist sites of Paris.	Spacious and very quiet flat in the centre of the Pigalle district next to Galeries Lafayette and a short walk from the beautiful and romantic Monmartre/ the sacré coeur. The flat is close to main metro lines and trains from Gare du Nord (Eurostar).  The appartment has one bedroom and a separate, well-equipped kitchen. The living room is well arranged and includes a double sofa bed, television and eating area. The marble bathroom has a bath and shower built in, and there is a lovely terrace for your breakfast or to have a drink in the evening.  Ideal for a couple or two friends; this is a perfect location to enjoy the many shops, charming restaurants and tourist sites of Paris. Gone are the days when Montmartre was a tranquil village packed with vines and windmills, although two 'moulins' (windmills) and a small patch of vines do still exist. Today, perched high on the 'Butte' (Paris's highest and most northerly hill), the area is tightly packed with houses, spiralling round the mound 
6007	Charming typical parisian 1 bedroom flat in the 9th. Metro station : Saint Georges (l12)  or Pigalle (l12 and 2). Central, walking distance from Montmartre, Opera, Palais Royal and Montorgueil. The flat has a capacity of maximum 2 people. 1 kitchen 1 bathroom The flat is next to trendy/hip bars and restaurants as well as up and coming fashion designers' shop. Sheets and towels furnished. Wifi Internet Connexion Minimum nights : 4  30€ on the top for cleaning. deposit of 300€ (cash) that you will get back at the end of your stay. Don't hesitate to write me if you need further information. 	Enjoy your stay in Paris, visit the 9th disctrict, walking distance from all the museums and cools places Charming typical parisian 1 bedroom flat in the 9th. Metro station : Saint Georges (l12)  or Pigalle (l12 and 2). Central, walking distance from Montmartre, Opera, Palais Royal and Montorgueil. The flat has a capacity of maximum 2 people. 1 kitchen 1 bathroom The flat is next to trendy/hip bars and restaurants as well as up and coming fashion designers' shop. Sheets and towels furnished. Wifi Internet Connexion Minimum nights : 4  30€ on the top for cleaning. deposit of 300€ (cash) that you will get back at the end of your stay. Don't hesitate to write me if you need further (website hidden), Internet Wifi All the coolest bars and clubs are around the corner. métro : L 12 et L 2 (Saint Georges, Pigalle) Bus : (phone number hidden)
6008	Small and newly renovated studio located in the heart of Paris 9th district.  15 mins walk to Opera/ Lafayette Department Store. 15-20 mins walk to Louvres Museum. Perfect location for going out during the night yet enjoy a very quiet street	Small and newly renovated studio located in the heart of Paris 9th district.  15 mins walk to Opera/ Lafayette Department Store. 15-20 mins walk to Louvres Museum. Perfect location for going out during the night yet enjoy a very quiet street Small and newly renovated studio located in the heart of Paris 9th district.  15 mins walk to Opera/ Lafayette Department Store. 15-20 mins walk to Louvres Museum. Perfect location for going out during the night yet enjoy a very quiet street Washing machine , small kitchen , personal shower Very vivid with lots of bars around though the apartment is on a quiet and safe street Exactly in between four major metro lines, 5 mins walking distance to Line 7 (Cadet), 8 & 9 (Grand Boulevard), 12 (Notre Dame de Lorette).
6009	This former Fashion workshop has been modernized ( Brand NEW, JUNE 2015) with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 19th century. It is very quiet and safe.  FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plates, pans,    a clothes washer & dryer   a dining area with a table for 2   a bedroom area with a very confortable bed for 2 people with a top quality mattress + pillow top, 4 pillows    a wardrobe to store your clothes & lugages + iron    a b	"Former Fashion workshop upcycled into a Mini Loft by designers. View on a cute Parisian quiet Courtyard. Ideal for 2. Close""Opéra"", central, trendy, 10/15min from major touristy attractions. 5min from metro station Grands Boulevards & Cadet. This former Fashion workshop has been modernized ( Brand NEW, JUNE 2015) with designer masterpieces in a Parisian modern style. Designed with modern furniture from top international designers for example along with some Vintage Parisian Furniture. The mini loft can accomodate 2 adultes  with 1 queen size bed. The apartment is located on a cute & peaceful courtyard of an authentic 19th century. It is very quiet and safe.  FREE WIFI, towels and sheets are provided and also kitchen appliances. The mini loft is 20 square meters. The apartment features :   a living area with a flat TV, international TV channels (cable TV)   a fully equipped open kitchen with Induction electric burners, microwave, coffee maker, kettle, refrigerator, toaster, cooking plat"
6010	My apartment was completely renovated in April 2015 : I love the pretty colors and welcoming interiors.  You can fully enjoy a place where everyone quickly feels like home!	Architect apartment in the heart of SouthPigalle. Enjoy the sunny balcony; the view over the rooftops of Paris and all the necessary equipment for a comfortable and memorable stay in the coolest area of the city! My apartment was completely renovated in April 2015 : I love the pretty colors and welcoming interiors.  You can fully enjoy a place where everyone quickly feels like home! The apartment is fully equipped. Wake up in a comfortable bed, open the window and enjoy the view over the roofs of Paris; the Italian shower awaits you before breakfast in the sun on the terrace without opposite !!! Use the kitchen as if it were your own, everything is available (oven, hob, fridge, freezer ....). Once the croissants swallowed the dishwasher will save you time to leave as quickly discover the City of Light! I'll leave you 2 subscriptions available for rent free bicycles (vélib') during your stay to explore the city's most beautiful ways it: Pedalling. After a great day of discovery, the apa
6011	This is the flat where I live, but I rent it when I take a break from Paris :) The first quality of this studio is the location: in a very nice neighborhood, close the metro and close to some of the best places in Paris : Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, South Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Gare Saint Lazare, department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...), etc.	The studio is simple but lovely. Its 1st quality is the location: in a very nice neighborhood, close the metro and some of the best places in Paris: Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, South Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Gare Saint-Lazare, department stores... Enjoy! This is the flat where I live, but I rent it when I take a break from Paris :) The first quality of this studio is the location: in a very nice neighborhood, close the metro and close to some of the best places in Paris : Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, South Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Gare Saint Lazare, department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps...), etc. You can access the whole studio:  - one central room with a double bed (for 2 persons), a convertible sofa (for 1 person), a table and chairs, and a kitchen (hidden in a closet!) - a bathroom with a sink, a shower and a washing machine - and the toilets ;) Everything is in perfect condition. Of course you can use the basic supplies you find (coffee, tea, sugar, oil, vinegar, soap, shampoo, lye
6012	The loft is ideal for people wishing to spend unforgettable moments in the heart of Paris and less time in transport.  It is very cosy, fully equipped and for sure it is a place you can easily call Home ! The neighbourhood is very nice for shopping (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette are just at the end of the street) or sightseeing (Champs Elysées, Concorde, Louvre, opéra,...) plus there is a lot of nice bars/ restaurants around and at least 3 convenient stores for preparing your own meals at home.	Very well located appartment. No need to get any means of transport to reach the most visited sites in the city such as : Champs Elysées, Madeleine, Opéra, Louvre.. Very nice full equipped kitchen Very close to shopping areas : Galeries La Fayette The loft is ideal for people wishing to spend unforgettable moments in the heart of Paris and less time in transport.  It is very cosy, fully equipped and for sure it is a place you can easily call Home ! The neighbourhood is very nice for shopping (Printemps and Galeries Lafayette are just at the end of the street) or sightseeing (Champs Elysées, Concorde, Louvre, opéra,...) plus there is a lot of nice bars/ restaurants around and at least 3 convenient stores for preparing your own meals at home. Fully equipped kitchen, you can cook whatever you want !  A Nespresso machine and 2 Nespresso stores nearby  An italian bathroom with a washing machine at your disposal ! All media available ; wifi, satellite tv, airplay, phone, speakers. The reason
6013	Appartement trés lumineux, orienté sud sud ouest. Trés beau volume ( sous les toits, 3m80 de hauteur). L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce de 30 m2 faisant office de salon, de salle à manger et de cuisine. Ensuite un petit couloir dessert la chambre (lit double), la salle de bain (avec baignoire) et un WC séparé avec lave-main.  Les couchages supplémentaires sont le canapé qui se transforme en lit. L'appartement est de style assez contemporain. L'appartement est très calme, un seul voisin et donne sur la cour de l'immeuble ainsi que sur un jardin arboré. la rue est une rue très commerçante, animée. On trouve tous les commerces dans la rue. (boulangerie, fromagerie, café sont juste au pied de l'immeuble) la cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un four micro-onde, d'un réfrigérateur, de plaques à induction et d'un lave-vaisselle. la salle de bain est équipée d'un lave-linge séche-linge. l'appartement est à 2 minutes à pied de la station de métro Cadet, à 5 minutes de ND de Lorette e	Bel appartement, très lumineux, situé au dernier étage. Très beau volume, vraiment très calme. Appartement trés lumineux, orienté sud sud ouest. Trés beau volume ( sous les toits, 3m80 de hauteur). L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce de 30 m2 faisant office de salon, de salle à manger et de cuisine. Ensuite un petit couloir dessert la chambre (lit double), la salle de bain (avec baignoire) et un WC séparé avec lave-main.  Les couchages supplémentaires sont le canapé qui se transforme en lit. L'appartement est de style assez contemporain. L'appartement est très calme, un seul voisin et donne sur la cour de l'immeuble ainsi que sur un jardin arboré. la rue est une rue très commerçante, animée. On trouve tous les commerces dans la rue. (boulangerie, fromagerie, café sont juste au pied de l'immeuble) la cuisine est équipée d'un four, d'un four micro-onde, d'un réfrigérateur, de plaques à induction et d'un lave-vaisselle. la salle de bain est équipée d'un lave-linge séche-linge. l'
6014	Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the 3rd floor (with elevator), typical of Haussmannian architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, high ceilings, mouldings, large fireplaces, big windows, it comprises a lobby, a bright living room with 2 comfortable double sofa beds, a dining table and chairs, a bedroom whith a double bed and spacious closets, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a tub, a separate wc/powder room. Despite being located in one of the bobo hotspots of the city, it's very quiet at night, as the flat is overlooking a beautiful private courtyard and not the street. The nearest Metro station (Notre-Dame-de-Lorette) is 2 mn away. Almost every tourist site can be reached walking (assuming you enjoy walking a bit). Bikes (Vélib) can be easily rented in the street for a few euros a day. You can park nearby (less than 5 mn walking) in a	This modern, fully furnished and carefully decorated 67sqm apartment accomodates up to 5 people in a bedroom and a double living-room.  Located in the trendy Rue des Martyrs, it's close to many tourist attractions and a short walk from Gare du Nord. Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the 3rd floor (with elevator), typical of Haussmannian architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, high ceilings, mouldings, large fireplaces, big windows, it comprises a lobby, a bright living room with 2 comfortable double sofa beds, a dining table and chairs, a bedroom whith a double bed and spacious closets, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a tub, a separate wc/powder room. Despite being located in one of the bobo hotspots of the city, it's very quiet at night, as the flat is overlooking a beautiful private courtyard and not the street. The nearest Metro st
6015	Petit nid perche sous les toits,dans un des plus beaux quartiers parisiens,vous pourrez vous rendre a pied a Montmartre,sur les grands boulevards,les Grands magasins,L Opera Garnier,le Louvre.....	Pour les amoureux du vrai Paris,venez decouvrir ce studio niche sous les toits ...ou seuls les etudiants ou les employes de maison pouvaient se rendre!! Il faut etre sportif,car 6 etages sont a grimper,sans ascenseur! Immeuble magnifique! Petit nid perche sous les toits,dans un des plus beaux quartiers parisiens,vous pourrez vous rendre a pied a Montmartre,sur les grands boulevards,les Grands magasins,L Opera Garnier,le Louvre..... le minimum de nuites louees:4 nuits Super et superbe quartier au centre de Paris. Cette rue est la plus belle de l arrondissement! Les stations de metro les plus proches sont St George et Pigalle. Les gares:St Lazare et Gare du Nord
6016	I'm renting a beautiful room in the center of Paris at two steps from Montmartre. The flat is very calm, facing a large courtyard. 5mn from Grand Boulevard tube station, Opera or Cadet, 10mn from Gare du Nord and direct connection to airports.  You will be amazed by this area. Very central, you can visit Paris by foot.  Montmartre, Pigalle, Espace Dali, Moulin de la Galette, Moulin Rouge, a lots of nice bars and restaurants 3mn away from the flat. You have all sorts of shops close to the apartment - Printemps and Galerie Lafayette around Opera (5mn from the flat) The flat is very calm, you will be very pleased to be in the center of Paris and go home in a peaceful atmosphere after a long day of visit.  there is :  One big double room Access to all the kitchen appliances, bed linen, Cable, Tv, WiF, washing machine, fridge. The flat is on the 4th floor wirth a lift  Near Opera, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre... Do not hesitate to contact me for more information, i 	I'm renting a beautiful room in the center of Paris at two steps from Montmartre. The flat is very calm, facing a large courtyard. 5mn from Grand Boulevard tube station, Opera or Cadet, 10mn from Gare du Nord and direct connection to airports.  You will be amazed by this area. Very central, you can visit Paris by foot.  Montmartre, Pigalle, Espace Dali, Moulin de la Galette, Moulin Rouge, a lots of nice bars and restaurants 3mn away from the flat. You have all sorts of shops close to the apartment - Printemps and Galerie Lafayette around Opera (5mn from the flat) The flat is very calm, you will be very pleased to be in the center of Paris and go home in a peaceful atmosphere after a long day of visit.  there is :  One big double room Access to all the kitchen appliances, bed linen, Cable, Tv, WiF, washing machine, fridge. The flat is on the 4th floor wirth a lift  Near Opera, Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre... Do not hesitate to contact me for more information, i 
6017	In a charming little street the Cité du Midi is located in a very lively neighborhood. The apartment is small (50m²) but practical, bright and in a great location. There are two rooms, I stay in one, the other one is for you. It is ideal for one or  two persons. The bed is a full size bed (140 x 200 cm). There is only one bathroom that you will share with me. It includes a sink, shower and the toilets. There is also a washer and dryer. The kitchen has an oven, microwave, dishwasher, electric kettle, Tassimo coffee maker, toaster, refrigerator/freezer with ice and cold water.  The closest Metro stations are Pigalle (line 2 and 12) and Blanche (line 2), a little further is Place de Clichy (line 2 and 13).  Access is easy from Charles de Gaulle (CDG) airport with the RER B (train) that you take to Gare du Nord and then you connect to the Metro line 2 for four stops to Pigalle.  From the apartment you are really close to rue Lepic (you can go to the café where they filmed Amélie Poulain) a	In a charming little street the Cité du Midi is located in a very lively neighborhood. The apartment is small (50m²) but practical, bright and in a great location. There are two rooms, I stay in one, the other one is for you. It is ideal for one or  two persons. The bed is a full size bed (140 x 200 cm). There is only one bathroom that you will share with me. It includes a sink, shower and the toilets. There is also a washer and dryer. The kitchen has an oven, microwave, dishwasher, electric kettle, Tassimo coffee maker, toaster, refrigerator/freezer with ice and cold water.  The closest Metro stations are Pigalle (line 2 and 12) and Blanche (line 2), a little further is Place de Clichy (line 2 and 13).  Access is easy from Charles de Gaulle (CDG) airport with the RER B (train) that you take to Gare du Nord and then you connect to the Metro line 2 for four stops to Pigalle.  From the apartment you are really close to rue Lepic (you can go to the café where they filmed Amélie Poulain) a
6018	Situated on the second floor, without lift, of a beautiful old building, the apartment has been completely redone. It has a spacious living room with high ceiling, one bathroomwith  WC, one large kitchen, and a small romantic bedroom with a bed for two (140 x 190), under an old wooden roof. In the living room, there is one single bed (90 x 190) and a sofa bed for two (180 x 190)	Very parisian apartment, quiet (all the rooms are overlooking a courtyard), central and full of light. It can fit comfortably four persons  in a trendy and lively area, full of new cafes and organic restaurants. Situated on the second floor, without lift, of a beautiful old building, the apartment has been completely redone. It has a spacious living room with high ceiling, one bathroomwith  WC, one large kitchen, and a small romantic bedroom with a bed for two (140 x 190), under an old wooden roof. In the living room, there is one single bed (90 x 190) and a sofa bed for two (180 x 190) The all flat is yours. Whenever we can, we like to meet our guest. The area, called Poissonnière after the name of the main street where is the apartment, is lively, very well connected to every interesting spot. It is between the Opera House and two main railway stations (Nord and Est). You can also walk to many places. many theaters are there as well. new cafés and restaurants are florishing. it is on
6019	Studio en duplex avec cuisine ouverte sur le salon. 	Charming studio 4m high ceiling with a loft bedroom . Perfect for a couple visiting Paris ! Studio de charme en dupleix de 4m d'hauteur sous plafond avec une chambre en mezzanine. Typiquement parisien : moulures, cheminée, parquet... Studio en duplex avec cuisine ouverte sur le salon. J'habite cet appartement depuis 6 ans donc je connais très bien le quartier. Vous pourrez me contacter quand vous le souhaitez en cas de soucis et pour de bons conseils! Le quartier est très animé, bars, restaurants... Entre Pigalle, Montmartre et le moulin rouge. L'appartement est situé dans une petite rue très calme. Tous les commerces sont à proximité. Close to the Moulin Rouge and Montmartre district. All the shops are nearby and the area is very lively. A deux pas du moulin rouge et du quartier de Montmartre. Proche métro pigalle, blanche et St Georges et de plusieurs lignes de bus.
6020	 Very nice studio in Pigalle, next to Montmartre (5min on foot), close to the Opera, the Grands Magasins, the Grands Boulevards (10-15min on foot). Well served by underground/subway and buses!  This nice, quiet, and clean 25 m2/270 sq ft flat consists in: - 1 small entry with dressing - 1 main room with  a comfy sofa bed  - 1 separated small kitchen fully equipped  - 1 bathroom with bathtub and WC - 1 balcony with a wiew on a private garden Wifi, sheets and towels provided. Located in one of the most exciting place in the city with numerous places of interest, shops, restaurants, bars, and clubs this flat offers an exceptional quietness and environment. Flat in Pigalle 5 min walk to Montmarte 10 min walk to Opera and Grands Magasins  Metro Station : line 2 and 12 less than 5min 	 Very nice studio in Pigalle, next to Montmartre (5min on foot), close to the Opera, the Grands Magasins, the Grands Boulevards (10-15min on foot). Well served by underground/subway and buses!  This nice, quiet, and clean 25 m2/270 sq ft flat consists in: - 1 small entry with dressing - 1 main room with  a comfy sofa bed  - 1 separated small kitchen fully equipped  - 1 bathroom with bathtub and WC - 1 balcony with a wiew on a private garden Wifi, sheets and towels provided. Located in one of the most exciting place in the city with numerous places of interest, shops, restaurants, bars, and clubs this flat offers an exceptional quietness and environment. Flat in Pigalle 5 min walk to Montmarte 10 min walk to Opera and Grands Magasins  Metro Station : line 2 and 12 less than 5min 
6021	Fonctionnel et charmant deux pièces sur 38m2 avec séjour, chambre, cuisine, coin repas , salle de bains wc douche. Les équipements comprennent :  - frigo, congélateur 3 tiroirs, four chaleur tournante et micro-ondes, grille-pains, bouilloire, cafetière - lave-vaisselle, aspirateur, table et fer à repasser, lave-linge - sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux - TV, lecteur DVD , home cinéma , hifi connection Bluetooth , wifi (internet via fibre optique) -  draps, 1 couette, 2 oreillers , serviettes 	Fonctionnel et charmant deux pièces sur 38m2 avec séjour, chambre, cuisine, coin repas , salle de bains wc douche. Les équipements comprennent :  - frigo, congélateur 3 tiroirs, four chaleur tournante et micro-ondes, grille-pains, bouilloire, cafetière - lave-vaisselle, aspirateur, table et fer à repasser, lave-linge - sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux - TV, lecteur DVD , home cinéma , hifi connection Bluetooth , wifi (internet via fibre optique) -  draps, 1 couette, 2 oreillers , serviettes La rue des Martyrs, Montmartre , Opéra , les grands magasins et les Grands Boulevards sont  immédiatement accessibles  Échanges par Airbnb, SMS , email  A deux pas de l'Eglise Notre Dame de Lorette classée Monument Historique, rendez-vous en quelques pas au centre de l'effervescence parisienne. Accédez à pied au boulevard Haussmann abritant les Grands Magasins Printemps et Galeries Lafayette, mais aussi une architecture reconnue. Continuez votre promenade vers la place de l'Opéra pour flâner dans les
6022	At the 5th floor of a very parisian building. 4 balcony and a big living room very bright. 	Nice room for a couple with a double bed. Very confortable and very central   
6023	 (Exceptionnellement transporte aéroports de paris )  A 30 mètres de l'Elysée, l'emplacement est idéal, collé au triangle d'or, le quartier le plus chic de Paris.(OPERA ), dans le quartier des plus Centre de Paris Le logement     Dans un immeuble ancien , l'appartement de 20m2, au 1e étage avec Ascenseur, est refait à neuf, apparte meublé avec terrasse , 2 grand lit pour 4, et une cuisinette  américaine équipée (plaque chauffante, Machine Nespresso, réfrigérateur ect...), et salle de bain avec douche, (avec un sèche cheveux, ect...)     Les serviettes de bain, draps, couvertures, oreillers, housse de couettes, ect... sont lavés et fournis pour 1, 2,ou 4 personnes.     Sur la fameuse rue Cite trévise , Dans le 9e arrondissement, vous serez à 10 Min  de l'avenue des CHAMPS ELYSEES, à 500 mètres de la place de la opera , à 300 m de gare de Norde ,      TOUT SE FAIT A PIED. Sur l'avenue des Champs Elysées, vous retrouverez les plus grands restaurants (comme celui de l'hôtel Crillon,...), l	(Exceptionnellement charge transporte compris ) A 15MIN a pied  de champs  l'Elysée, l'emplacement est idéal,le quartier le plus centre de Paris.(Champs Élysée, Concorde, Madeleine, opera), (Exceptionnellement transporte aéroports de paris )  A 30 mètres de l'Elysée, l'emplacement est idéal, collé au triangle d'or, le quartier le plus chic de Paris.(OPERA ), dans le quartier des plus Centre de Paris Le logement     Dans un immeuble ancien , l'appartement de 20m2, au 1e étage avec Ascenseur, est refait à neuf, apparte meublé avec terrasse , 2 grand lit pour 4, et une cuisinette  américaine équipée (plaque chauffante, Machine Nespresso, réfrigérateur ect...), et salle de bain avec douche, (avec un sèche cheveux, ect...)     Les serviettes de bain, draps, couvertures, oreillers, housse de couettes, ect... sont lavés et fournis pour 1, 2,ou 4 personnes.     Sur la fameuse rue Cite trévise , Dans le 9e arrondissement, vous serez à 10 Min  de l'avenue des CHAMPS ELYSEES, à 500 mètres de la p
6024		I have an Apartment in one of the most attractive places in Paris which is very suitable for tourists! You have access to 3 metro lines (the nearest metro is just 2 minutes walk) and there are lots of bars, night clubs, cafe and restaurants around. My appartement is located to Rue Pigalle where there are lots of Cabarets · Nightclubs · Bars · Popular · Underground Scene and Nightlife. this place is just perfect for those who want to visit Paris for short time.
6025	- a comfortable and warming living room - to chill out - A sofa bed  for 2 more people - a convenient blue and grey open  kitchen - to cheer up and enjoy breakfast. -A big bathroom  with bathtube -a calm and pleasant bedroom to get some rest after parisian day and night.  	This really charming and large 2 rooms apartment (42m2) is located in the heart of South Pigalle (75009).  It is situated rue de douai, one of the most living parisian street  and trendy quartier of SOPI (South Pigalle). - a comfortable and warming living room - to chill out - A sofa bed  for 2 more people - a convenient blue and grey open  kitchen - to cheer up and enjoy breakfast. -A big bathroom  with bathtube -a calm and pleasant bedroom to get some rest after parisian day and night.   -coffee machine -television  - Free wifi -Clean sheets ( bring your own towels please). - smokers allowed -mails/ Phone. - I will be there at the arrival/departures.  a fancy neighbourhood (the Abbesses) with tasty restaurants, warm bars, awesome fashion shops, best concert places, and lovely cobblestone streets you'll want to get lost on.. .  Follow the path until you'll reach Montmartre hill topped by its Sacré Coeur, make a glance to the Moulin Rouge, the Moulin de la Galette and the Halle St Pier
6026		Chambre de 14m2 à louer dans colocation de 100m2.  L'appartement se situe à l'angle de la rue des martyrs, à 3min du metro Pigalle/Anvers/st george. Au 6éme étage (avec ascenseur) avec vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur.
6027	Located on the 5th floor with an elevator of a 19th century building, the studio is great for leisure or business travelers alike. Cozy, this studio is ideally suited for 2 people. It is very centrally-located at Rue Bergère, close to Opera, Grands Boulevards, Bourse, Louvre, Montorgueuil, Palais Royal ect.. Metro stations less than 5 minutes walk are :  M8 : Grands boulevards/ Bonne Nouvelle  M9 : Grands Boulevards / Bonne Nouvelle  M7 : Cadet  M3 : Bourse	This charming apartment is an ideal pied à terre for visitors to Paris. Located on the 5th floor with an elevator of a 19th century building, the studio is great for leisure or business travelers alike. Cozy, this studio is ideally suited for 2 people. It is very centrally-located at Rue Bergère, close to Opera, Grands Boulevards, Bourse, Louvre, Montorgueuil, Palais Royal ect.. Metro stations less than 5 minutes walk are :  M8 : Grands boulevards/ Bonne Nouvelle  M9 : Grands Boulevards / Bonne Nouvelle  M7 : Cadet  M3 : Bourse Once inside, you will find a fully equipped little kitchenette with a refrigerator, one induction burner, toaster, washing machine, coffee maker. I keep the kitchen stocked with tea bags and coffee for guest use. Dishes, cutlery, glasses, mugs and pots are at your disposal.  The studio is equipped with high speed internet, wifi, TV, dock speaker. Naturally, the studio comes furnished with bed linens and towels. Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you have 
6028		Appartement 2 pièce de 34m² au coeur de Paris, tout confort. Entre Opéra, Montmarte et Grands Boulevards Toutes commodités: cinéma, commerces, métro Cosy et au calme, donnant sur cour, sécurisé Metro: 7, 8, 9, 12
6029	"This quiet and bright flat is situated on the 3rd floor of an old building. Situated in a popular area near the rue des Martyrs. The neighborhood of rue des Martyrs captures the character of everything that is Paris.All utilities included. Accommodation : 4/6 people.  The bright main room is furnished with a sofa bed (140X190), a dinning table + chairs and has a huge LED 65' 3D TV with international channels, unlimited wifi connection, a ""all in one"" computer 27', free phone call to anywhere in the world on fix and to the USA, Canada and China on cellular phone, and video games with a Playstation 3 and a Wii.There's 2 separate bedrooms with 2 real beds kingsize for 2 persons each.The kitchen is fully equiped with a microwave, an oven, a gas cooker, a toaster, an electric fryer, a kettle, a coffee-pot and all the crockery you might need.The bathroom has a bath tub, a shower with a shower curtain, a sink, a washing machine and a separate toilet. There's also a hair dryer, a iron,... It h"	"This quiet and bright flat is situated on the 3rd floor of an old building. Situated in a popular area near the rue des Martyrs. The neighborhood of rue des Martyrs captures the character of everything that is Paris.All utilities included. Accommodation : 4/6 people This quiet and bright flat is situated on the 3rd floor of an old building. Situated in a popular area near the rue des Martyrs. The neighborhood of rue des Martyrs captures the character of everything that is Paris.All utilities included. Accommodation : 4/6 people.  The bright main room is furnished with a sofa bed (140X190), a dinning table + chairs and has a huge LED 65' 3D TV with international channels, unlimited wifi connection, a ""all in one"" computer 27', free phone call to anywhere in the world on fix and to the USA, Canada and China on cellular phone, and video games with a Playstation 3 and a Wii.There's 2 separate bedrooms with 2 real beds kingsize for 2 persons each.The kitchen is fully equiped with a microwav"
6030	This is a very light large one-bedroom (website hidden)-done 3 months ago, brand new floor, kitchen fully-equiped and washing-machine plus a nice bathroom. You will find all you need from breakfast food to cable tv and wifi included. I can provide a list of very nice restaurants in the neighborhood (a lot) and of all the great spots not to miss in the very heart of Paris where the flat is. Between Canal saint martin and Beaubourg, 5 min away from Republique et rue Montorgueil. Nearest subway station is Bonne Nouvelle and Grands Boulevards (center or Paris, near Opera) Very cool cafe/restaurant (open 24/7) a block away. The neighborhood is very safe, calm and perfectly situated if you like to walk or go anywhere in Paris. 	This is a very light large one-bedroom (website hidden)-done 3 months ago, brand new floor, kitchen fully-equiped and washing-machine plus a nice bathroom. You will find all you need from breakfast food to cable tv and wifi included. I can provide a list of very nice restaurants in the neighborhood (a lot) and of all the great spots not to miss in the very heart of Paris where the flat is. Between Canal saint martin and Beaubourg, 5 min away from Republique et rue Montorgueil. Nearest subway station is Bonne Nouvelle and Grands Boulevards (center or Paris, near Opera) Very cool cafe/restaurant (open 24/7) a block away. The neighborhood is very safe, calm and perfectly situated if you like to walk or go anywhere in Paris. 
6031	This is a 18 m2 and a 15 m2 rooms, very clear, with a balcony. There is a big bed, a desk, space for your clothes and a coach. There is a dining room with TV, and a living room nicely decorated. The kitchen and bathroom are shared and fully equiped. The toilets are a separate room.	2 large rooms in our big and very nice apartement (Building from the 19th century) in Paris, 9th arrdt. Very well located, between Opera, Montmarte and Grands Boulevards, juste above a metro station, bus stops. Many grocery shops around! This is a 18 m2 and a 15 m2 rooms, very clear, with a balcony. There is a big bed, a desk, space for your clothes and a coach. There is a dining room with TV, and a living room nicely decorated. The kitchen and bathroom are shared and fully equiped. The toilets are a separate room. Living room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, separated toilets Interaction with the current flatemates The apartment is located in 9th arrondissement, very closed to the 10th. This is a very central (you can go every where in Paris by foot, by bike, metro, bus) and lively & young area : lots of trendy bars, restaurants, theaters. However, the appartement is very calm. This 1 mn from the metro (ligne 7 / Poissonnière), in front of bus lines, velib stations. no animals, prefer
6032	"A 70m2 apartment very close to the Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur. With large gold mirrors, ceiling moldings. Ideal for a couple with children or 3 couples.  1 master bedroom (with a 160m wide bed) 1 living room (Convertible couch 140cm wide)  1 study (2nd convertible couch 140cm wide) You'll have room enough in the dressing to unfold a cot. 1 Bathroom with small bathtub (with no hot water limit) 1 separate toilet 1 fully equiped kitchen (with dishwasher, washing-machine, oven, microwave, toaster, blender, ""raclette machine"", and even a fridge !! ) Balcony We know have a table in the living room. It can accommodate from 4 to 6 people. It changes a little the configuration of the living room.  Wifi access Cable TV Stereo with airplay (connects with itunes, iphone, ipad...) In the heart of Montmartre : many stores, restaurants, bars and clubs nearby. 3min away from two major metro stations (Abbesses, and Pigalle).  In a calm  street.  "	"        Typical Parisian apartment : wooden floor, carved ceiling, chimneys and mirrors. Nice Balcony. Situated at a walking distance from Sacred Heart and Moulin Rouge. Metro stations at 5 minuts. Kids are welcome. Ideal for 4 to 6 guests.          A 70m2 apartment very close to the Moulin Rouge and Sacré Cœur. With large gold mirrors, ceiling moldings. Ideal for a couple with children or 3 couples.  1 master bedroom (with a 160m wide bed) 1 living room (Convertible couch 140cm wide)  1 study (2nd convertible couch 140cm wide) You'll have room enough in the dressing to unfold a cot. 1 Bathroom with small bathtub (with no hot water limit) 1 separate toilet 1 fully equiped kitchen (with dishwasher, washing-machine, oven, microwave, toaster, blender, ""raclette machine"", and even a fridge !! ) Balcony We know have a table in the living room. It can accommodate from 4 to 6 people. It changes a little the configuration of the living room.  Wifi access Cable TV Stereo with airplay (connects "
6033	35 sq meter 1 bedroom apartment on the 6th floor -with elevator- of a lovely 19th century building. Comfy bedroom with comfortable queen bed, closet and desk/coiffeuse. The window opens on a private courtyard so it is really quiet.  Cosy living room with equipped bar kitchen (fridge, stoves, toaster and microwave), sofa and cable TV. Possibility of putting a single mattress on the floor to host a total of 3 people. Enjoy the bathtub for a relaxing bath !	A well designed & cosy 1 bedroom apartment in the center of Paris in the very parisian 9th district ! Make yourself at home and enjoy all the beautiful spots Paris has to offer at only a few metro stops from your place.  35 sq meter 1 bedroom apartment on the 6th floor -with elevator- of a lovely 19th century building. Comfy bedroom with comfortable queen bed, closet and desk/coiffeuse. The window opens on a private courtyard so it is really quiet.  Cosy living room with equipped bar kitchen (fridge, stoves, toaster and microwave), sofa and cable TV. Possibility of putting a single mattress on the floor to host a total of 3 people. Enjoy the bathtub for a relaxing bath ! For your comfort Everyting you need si ready for breakfast  Hi speed internet wifi International TV channels  I provide clean towels and bed sheets Washing machine for your laundry, detergent supplied  Heating or air conditioning perfect for the hot days ! I am here to make your stay as pleasant as possible so I'm avai
6034	28 square meter apartment with high ceilings (3+ meters) ideally situated in the 2nd Arrondissement of Paris, and a short walk to five metro lines, Opera, le Louvre, les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps), Montmartre, le centre Pompidou, and the Marais neighborhood. This apartment has been lovingly furnished by Thalie, the owner, with a combination of French antiques and modern comforts to make your stay both enjoyable and memorable. You will enjoy a view that overlooks the Grands Boulevards from double-glazed windows, providing plenty of natural light and sound-proofing. The flat is on the second floor, but there is also an elevator for your convenience. The apartment includes fiber-optic WiFi Internet, TV, and a Telephone with free long distance to 109 countries. It is also furnished with a double bed, a pullout bed in the main salon, sofa, coffee table, night stands...everything to make for a cosy home in Paris. You will be provided with fresh sheets and towels for you	28 square meter apartment with high ceilings (3+ meters) ideally situated in the 2nd Arrondissement of Paris, and a short walk to five metro lines, Opera, le Louvre, les Grands Magasins (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps), Montmartre, le centre Pompidou, and the Marais neighborhood. This apartment has been lovingly furnished by Thalie, the owner, with a combination of French antiques and modern comforts to make your stay both enjoyable and memorable. You will enjoy a view that overlooks the Grands Boulevards from double-glazed windows, providing plenty of natural light and sound-proofing. The flat is on the second floor, but there is also an elevator for your convenience. The apartment includes fiber-optic WiFi Internet, TV, and a Telephone with free long distance to 109 countries. It is also furnished with a double bed, a pullout bed in the main salon, sofa, coffee table, night stands...everything to make for a cosy home in Paris. You will be provided with fresh sheets and towels for you
6035	This elegant Parisian studio is located in the 9th district, in the heart of the International touristic area, close to Opera Garnier, the Galeries Lafayettes and Printemps department stores and Grands Boulevards. Fully furnished and entirely renovated, the studio is located on the 5th floor (6th american floor) with elevator. It has a large private terrasse facing the south. The living room is distinguished and lovely decorated, with large windows allowing an access to the terrasse over the roofs of Paris. You will enjoy a brand new comfortable queen size bed, an high top dinning table with chairs, Bose speakers and a wireless internet connection. The separated fully equipped kitchen offering: electric stove, micro-wave, kittle, Nespresso machine, fridge and all you need to cook a romantic dinner. A large window allows the access on your terrasse. The studio has a modern bathroom with shower, toilet, washing machine, iron/ironing board. Sheets and towels are provided during your stay.	Elegant Parisian studio, fully renovated, located in the 9th district, close to Opera and Galerie Lafayette This elegant Parisian studio is located in the 9th district, in the heart of the International touristic area, close to Opera Garnier, the Galeries Lafayettes and Printemps department stores and Grands Boulevards. Fully furnished and entirely renovated, the studio is located on the 5th floor (6th american floor) with elevator. It has a large private terrasse facing the south. The living room is distinguished and lovely decorated, with large windows allowing an access to the terrasse over the roofs of Paris. You will enjoy a brand new comfortable queen size bed, an high top dinning table with chairs, Bose speakers and a wireless internet connection. The separated fully equipped kitchen offering: electric stove, micro-wave, kittle, Nespresso machine, fridge and all you need to cook a romantic dinner. A large window allows the access on your terrasse. The studio has a modern bathroo
6036	Two spacious rooms split with a glass wall, opened kitchen, separated toilets and bathroom.	Lovely flat based in the center of Paris, near restaurants, bars, shops... Super cosy, luminous and comfy, we'll feel at home ! Two spacious rooms split with a glass wall, opened kitchen, separated toilets and bathroom. 2 subway lines at less than 2 minutes walk and 3 other at 5-7 minutes. The flat is very accessible wherever you come from in Paris ! I'll share tips about the 9th and other places in Paris so you can enjoy your stay in Paris !
6037	Grand appartement familial de 125 m2, au 4eme etage avec ascenseur. 4 vraies chambres, 2 salles d'eau dont une avec hammam. Tout confort: 2 televisions ecran plat dont un tres grand, appartement entierement refait. Au calme dans une rue peu passante. Situation centrale: Quartier de l'Opéra, Grands boulevards, proche metro 8, 9, 3, 12 et 7. Grands magasins, Montmartre, Louvre 10 mn à pied. Quartier tres anime, nombreux restaurants, theatres, boutiques.	Grand appartement familial de 125 m2, au 4eme etage avec ascenseur. 4 vraies chambres, 2 salles d'eau dont une avec hammam. Tout confort: 2 televisions ecran plat dont un tres grand, appartement entierement refait en 2010. Au calme dans une rue peu passante. Situation centrale: Quartier de l'Opéra, Grands boulevards, proche metro 8, 9, 3, 12 et 7. Grands magasins, Montmartre, Louvre 10 mn à pied. Quartier tres anime, nombreux restaurants, theatres, boutiques.
6038	Bedroom : 20M2 Double bed very confortable : 1m40X1m90 big livingroom : 28M2 (the first photo) toilets in the flat separeted from the bathroom 	you can be sure to spend a very cool and agreable moment in an original space. The area's arounded by shops and restaurants, but calm the day and the night ; very near Gare du Nord (12mn) and Sacré Coeur (Montmartre is 15mn far), it's an ideal place. Bedroom : 20M2 Double bed very confortable : 1m40X1m90 big livingroom : 28M2 (the first photo) toilets in the flat separeted from the bathroom Near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est we exchange by mail and phone before your arriving from Charles de gaulle : RER B jusqu'à Gare du nord (40 mn) No animals
6039	Beautiful duplex for two, 40 sqm approx., ideally nestled in the heart of South Pigalle district. Overlooking a peaceful interior courtyard, you’ll feel at home in this confortable, calm and fully equipped appartment. Twin Bed available on request. 	Beautiful duplex for two, 40 sqm approx., ideally nestled in the heart of South Pigalle district. Overlooking a peaceful interior courtyard, you’ll feel at home in this confortable, calm and fully equipped appartment. Twin Bed available on request.  Fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with Italian shower and bathtub, hairdryer. Sheets and towels provided by a professional laundry. Basic (website hidden) flat screen. Video intercom.  arrondissement in the heart of Paris, the Résidence Le Victor welcomes you in this up-and-coming area of the capital, both bohemian and trendy.  You will find fine grocers and innovative concept stores, trendy bars, terrasses, great restaurants. Immerge yourself in an elegantly vintage atmosphere for an enriching and original stay. Place Pigalle and Place Saint George at 2mn Subway Lines M02 and M12 Bus Lines B30 B54 B67 B74 Train stations Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord close by.
6040	Bonjour, Je vous propose mon appartement qui est situé au cœur du IXe arrondissement (en plein centre de Paris et très bien desservit par les transports en commun ), dans un quartier très vivant avec ses nombreux restaurants, bars et commerces.  L'appartement est très calme, silencieux, et sans vis à vis, situé au 1 er étage d'un immeuble sécurisé par un digicode.  Il se compose de trois pièces principales très lumineuse, en enfilades donnant sur une petite ruel  calme et sans passage avec vue sur le parc arboré d'un hôtel particulier Vous pourrez y séjourner à 3 personnes.    Décoré avec du mobilier vintage et contemporain de designers vous trouverez dans chaque pièce le charme du Paris ancien et atypique avec parquet en pointe de Hongris, moulures et cheminées dans toutes les pièces. L'appartement se compose d'une chambre avec rangements (commode et penderie) et d'un grand lit double de 160 x 200 (les draps sont fournis), d'une salle à manger avec une table ronde , d'un salon avec fa	Conveniently located SOPI (South Pigalle) between Montmartre and department stores,close to the trendy rue des Martyrs,you will be in Paris as a village,just a few meters from all the shops.The apartment is very bright and you have a view on a garden Bonjour, Je vous propose mon appartement qui est situé au cœur du IXe arrondissement (en plein centre de Paris et très bien desservit par les transports en commun ), dans un quartier très vivant avec ses nombreux restaurants, bars et commerces.  L'appartement est très calme, silencieux, et sans vis à vis, situé au 1 er étage d'un immeuble sécurisé par un digicode.  Il se compose de trois pièces principales très lumineuse, en enfilades donnant sur une petite ruel  calme et sans passage avec vue sur le parc arboré d'un hôtel particulier Vous pourrez y séjourner à 3 personnes.    Décoré avec du mobilier vintage et contemporain de designers vous trouverez dans chaque pièce le charme du Paris ancien et atypique avec parquet en pointe de Hongris
6041	We are renting our amazing flat of 125 m2 which is shared by 4 working girls.  The flat is newly renovated, high ceiling, wooden floor, mouldings.  It's on the 2nd floor, with an open view on the place of Cadet and the metro station. You cannot find a best situation in Paris : metro Cadet (line 7) is less than 10 seconds walking from our building, metro Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12) at 5 min, bank and pharmacy are next door.   The street is reputated for its great atmosphere. Tons of cafe, restaurants, shops etc. You are 5 minutes from la rue des Martyrs, with its great food market, 10 minutes from Pigalle and its famous nightlife, 10 minutes by metro (line 12) from Montmatre, 10 minutes walking from Opera etc etc ! Have a look on a map and see how central it is !! The flat has a long balcony that you can access from 2 of the bedrooms. There's a table and 2 seats there so that you can have lunch in the sun enjoying the neighborhood life. Huge kitchen with everything you need : frige,	We are renting our amazing flat of 125 m2 which is shared by 4 working girls.  The flat is newly renovated, high ceiling, wooden floor, mouldings.  It's on the 2nd floor, with an open view on the place of Cadet and the metro station. You cannot find a best situation in Paris : metro Cadet (line 7) is less than 10 seconds walking from our building, metro Notre Dame de Lorette (line 12) at 5 min, bank and pharmacy are next door.   The street is reputated for its great atmosphere. Tons of cafe, restaurants, shops etc. You are 5 minutes from la rue des Martyrs, with its great food market, 10 minutes from Pigalle and its famous nightlife, 10 minutes by metro (line 12) from Montmatre, 10 minutes walking from Opera etc etc ! Have a look on a map and see how central it is !! The flat has a long balcony that you can access from 2 of the bedrooms. There's a table and 2 seats there so that you can have lunch in the sun enjoying the neighborhood life. Huge kitchen with everything you need : frige,
6042	Le studio vient d'être entièrement rénové, et complètement équipé. Il est au 6 ème étage avec ascenseur, plein sud, sous les toits (du fait des travaux récents, il reste encore une porte de douche à poser, mais rien qui en empêche son utilisation). The studio has been completely renovated and fully equipped. It is on the 6th floor with elevator, facing south, under the typical Parisian roof (because of recent work, there is still a shower door to fix, but nothing that prevents its use).	30 m2 Studio apartment fully newly refursbished, industrial design. Located  in the very heart of Paris, in a lively area plenty of nice restaurants, bistrots or theaters, close to all key places of Paris (museums, monuments, shopping areas).
6043		Notre appartement, est idéalement situé avec un accès aux transports simple. A 5 minutes à pied du sacré coeur et des commerces. Venez profitez de notre espace pour contempler notre magnifique capitale ! La chambre, la salle de bain, Cuisine/salon/ toilettes
6044	40m2	Charming in flat in the heart of the Montmatre's basilic  40m2 Subway
6045		"Comfortable and quiet, the apartment is ideally situated to discover trendy shops and restaurants South of Montmartre. You could also enjoy candle light diners ""at home"" :)"
6046	petit mais cosy et charmant	jolie chambre privée dans appartement de 40 m2 calme tout prés de la place pigalle lit deux places  salle de bain avec baignoire salon avec cuisinne ouverte petit mais cosy et charmant salon cuisine salle de bain et la chambre le moulin rouge  les abbesses la rue des martyrs le sacré Cœur . métro Pigalle ligne 2 et 12 
6047	Idéalement placé au coeur de Paris. Proximité des Grands Magasins, Opéra, Grand Rex, Musée Grévin, Bars et Restos sur les Grands Boulevards .. animé le soir… Théâtres et tous commerces.	2 pièces charmant (18m2) à 2 pas du Métro Richelieu-Drouot au coeur de Paris 9. Meublé, poutres, cheminée, composé d'une pièce principale salle à manger coin cuisine tout équipé. Chambre avec canapé-lit et dressing. Douche et WC. Wifi. Vue dégagée !  Idéalement placé au coeur de Paris. Proximité des Grands Magasins, Opéra, Grand Rex, Musée Grévin, Bars et Restos sur les Grands Boulevards .. animé le soir… Théâtres et tous commerces. Je vous accueillerai personnellement. Je peux vous informer et vous conseiller sur Paris. La proximité des Grands Magasins pour le Shopping Parisien et les Grands Boulevards pour les Sorties Parisiennes ... Métro Richelieu-Drouot Ligne 9 Idéal pour un ou une étudiant(e) ou jeune.
6048		Located at the foot of Montmartre, in the heart of the trendy and historic 9th district of Paris, come discover this duplex, calm and cosy.  Fully equipped kitchen, spacious bathroom with italian shower. Close to public transportations. 
6049		Entièrement neuf, très lumineux avec balcon au 5ème étages, jolie deux pièces traversant de 30 m2 à 20 mètres de la rue des martyrs. Cuisine ouverte machine à laver ..., tout le nécessaire pour passer un séjour agréable, entre Montmartre et les blv. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement, en revanche le soir je dormirais dans le salon. accès à internet sur ordinateur fixe ou wifi. Je suis la pour toutes informations ou aide dans votre visite.
6050	Perfect place for two but could easily accommodate a third person (inflatable be available).	Lovely apartment of 35 sqm with two balconies ideal to take a coffee in the morning! Located in a lively areas very close to Montmartre (5 minutes walk) with direct metro/bus lines to the Louvre, Champs Elysées, Concorde and Le Marais. Perfect place for two but could easily accommodate a third person (inflatable be available). The apartment is located on 6th floor with no lift.
6051	Our place is tipycal flat to Paris. haussmann building created 19th century.	Sweet room  in a large flat to Paris Come to describe Paris in our flat during  your trip for one week end, one week, one month.. Flat located in near Montmartre, Moulin Rouge. nice place to live , trust in me :) Our place is tipycal flat to Paris. haussmann building created 19th century. Internet we are available to our guests L'ambiance du 9 ème arrondissement avec ses petits bars, restaurants et commerces Accès au transport
6052		"Beautiful BedRoom in Lafayette Street closed to Poissonniere Metro Station. Our 120 m² flat is called ""Hapiness House"" and you will be welcome.  The "
6053	Appartement parisien typique extrêmement bien situé.	Beautiful Haussmannian apartment near very famous touristic areas. A double bed and a sofa bed (not a big one!). Full apartment including the use of the washing machine and the wifi. As much as they want. Very safe area and central. Underground / rer / trains / taxi station / buses
6054	Il possède 3 chambres (1 lit double,1 twin bed et un lit mezzanine) pour 100m2 avec salon et cuisine dînatoire. Piano Schimmel 105 avec système silent 3 bedrooms (1 double, 1 twin bed and a bunk bed) to 100m2 with lounge and kitchen dinner.  Piano Schimmel 105 with silent system	Très bien situé entre Montmartre et Opéra, notre appartement typiquement parisien possède un petit balcon. Dans un immeuble Hausmannien avec ascenseur il est très lumineux et calme et a conservé sa décoration d'origine. Il possède 3 chambres (1 lit double,1 twin bed et un lit mezzanine) pour 100m2 avec salon et cuisine dînatoire. Piano Schimmel 105 avec système silent 3 bedrooms (1 double, 1 twin bed and a bunk bed) to 100m2 with lounge and kitchen dinner.  Piano Schimmel 105 with silent system 4 nuits minimum 4 nights minimum Nous restons disponible par téléphone pour tout renseignement au cours du séjour. We are available by phone for any information during your stay. Le quartier est très commerçant avec beaucoup de restaurants très variés mais aussi des théatres et des cinémas. 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre et 25 minutes à pied du louvre par les passages couverts. The area is very commercial with lots of varied restaurants as well as theaters and cinemas. 10 minutes walk from Mont
6055	Recently refurbished  by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 1st floor with an elevator of a Parisian building.  The building is safe with a building code,a lobby with an entry pass and a key for the door. Full equipped studio with kitchen,sofa, double bed, a bathroom with toilet.  The kitchen including : - microwave / fridge / freezer / oven / dishwasher /2 hotplates / squeezer / blender /toaster / kettle / Nespresso coffee machine. There are also everything to cook (cutlery,plates,glasses,cups,pans...) and also basics ingredients (oil,vinegar,salt,sugar...). The bathroom including : - WC / spacious shower with hot water 24h/24h / soap / toilet paper / bathroom scale  / hair-dryer.   The flat including : - Washing machine  / flatiron / ironing board / wifi / TV / DVD player  - Heating , fan . You can also use the heating.	Studio in the south of Pigalle ( SoPi area) / Paris center  Very well located. Completely refurbished. 20m2 ,perfect for 1 or 2 person(s). The flat is on the 1st floor with elevator. Real bed , sofa ,kitchen and bathroom with WC. Recently refurbished  by an architect, this stylish apartment is situated on the 1st floor with an elevator of a Parisian building.  The building is safe with a building code,a lobby with an entry pass and a key for the door. Full equipped studio with kitchen,sofa, double bed, a bathroom with toilet.  The kitchen including : - microwave / fridge / freezer / oven / dishwasher /2 hotplates / squeezer / blender /toaster / kettle / Nespresso coffee machine. There are also everything to cook (cutlery,plates,glasses,cups,pans...) and also basics ingredients (oil,vinegar,salt,sugar...). The bathroom including : - WC / spacious shower with hot water 24h/24h / soap / toilet paper / bathroom scale  / hair-dryer.   The flat including : - Washing machine  / flatiron / iro
6056	This 50 sqm  flat has been recently renovated, you will have access at the whole place, a master room, a children's room and a dinner room for 5 people with a confortable sofa bed, a bathroom with shower, and a well equipped kitchen with cooktop, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster. It is quite windows on a courtyard, and very central location	In a modern building this just renovated flat will be your Parisian sweet home   ideally located close to metros, bus and all shops and restaurant, the flat is bright and very well equipped for making your stay in Paris unforgettable This 50 sqm  flat has been recently renovated, you will have access at the whole place, a master room, a children's room and a dinner room for 5 people with a confortable sofa bed, a bathroom with shower, and a well equipped kitchen with cooktop, microwave, oven, coffee machine, toaster. It is quite windows on a courtyard, and very central location You will have the place for you, I take care of my guest so linen and towels will be good quality and all kitchen equipment, plates, glass are high quality Since I am not in Paris right now, OhMyGuest team will take care of everything: booking management, communications with you, key exchanges, and of course all the inquiries you could have. You are located in the central heart of the true living Paris. A real P
6057	Important : 6 ème étage sans ascenceur  IMPORTANT : 6TH FLOOR WITH NO LIFT	Welcoming and charming flat in city center of Paris. >Main room with TV, bed (2 to 3 people), , kitchen, table  > One bedroom with 2people bed Really central and easy to access  ( close Montmartre, Grands Boulevards) 5 min to Metro Poissonière
6058		Beautiful studio 12m2 on 1st floor quiert courtyard renovated 3mn from metro place de clichy.Sofa leather bed for 2 personnes.Equipped kitchen shower wc cabinet microwave, fridge.Wired tv, wifi internet.  Near Moulin rouge and Montmartre sacred coeur
6059	"As soon as you enter this space, on the 4th floor, a peaceful feeling comes over you as if you have returned ""home"". It really could be your home if only for a short stay. One of the benefits of this Paris vacation apartment rental is the double exposure with windows on both sides of the apartment, ideal for letting in a nice cooling breeze on a warm summer day. You may find yourself lingering on the sofa in front of the large-screen TV after your long day of sight-seeing.  Sit back, relax and enjoy a DVD or watch the international news stations on the cable TV in your very own Paris holiday rental. Stay in touch with friends via email through our wireless internet connection. There is also a Mac computer for your use and an iPhone provided for free during your stay. The living room is very bright, overlooking the internal courtyard where trees are facing you (so no need to say that it is very quiet). The dining table can comfortably sit 6 people and will easily accommodate a large or "	"As soon as you enter this space, on the 4th floor, a peaceful feeling comes over you as if you have returned ""home"". It really could be your home if only for a short stay. One of the benefits of this Paris vacation apartment rental is the double exposure with windows on both sides of the apartment, ideal for letting in a nice cooling breeze on a warm summer day. You may find yourself lingering on the sofa in front of the large-screen TV after your long day of sight-seeing.  Sit back, relax and enjoy a DVD or watch the international news stations on the cable TV in your very own Paris holiday rental. Stay in touch with friends via email through our wireless internet connection. There is also a Mac computer for your use and an iPhone provided for free during your stay. The living room is very bright, overlooking the internal courtyard where trees are facing you (so no need to say that it is very quiet). The dining table can comfortably sit 6 people and will easily accommodate a large or "
6060	PARIS 9th between Montmartre and Galeries Lafayette, charming 2 rooms of 50m2, ideally located. 5mn walk from the Sacre Coeur and 10mn from Galeries Lafayette. Close to the shops, a small paved plaza typically Parisian cafés, restaurants, theaters 3 metro lines: 2,7,12, many buses. Opportunity to go all over Paris easily. Quiet. Apartment on the 4th floor with elevator of a building Haussmann. It consists of a living room with beamed ceiling and fireplace, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk in shower and a bedroom with double bed. Guardian in the building. APARTMENT EQUIPMENT TV DVD Wii Wifi washer-dryer hairdryer Iron and ironing board Dishwashers - microwave oven and coffee maker - coffee - steamed - toaster linen (sheets - towels) Tea, Coffee, Tea at your disposal. This is the ideal place for a stay in the capital. Possibility to have covered parking  24 hours. For SMALL CARS ONLY. No break. 	PARIS 9th between Montmartre and Galeries Lafayette, charming 2 rooms of 50m2, ideally located. 5mn walk from the Sacre Coeur and 10mn from Galeries Lafayette. Close to the shops, a small paved plaza typically Parisian cafés, restaurants, theaters 3 metro lines: 2,7,12, many buses. Opportunity to go all over Paris easily. Quiet. Apartment on the 4th floor with elevator of a building Haussmann. It consists of a living room with beamed ceiling and fireplace, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk in shower and a bedroom with double bed. Guardian in the building. APARTMENT EQUIPMENT TV DVD Wii Wifi washer-dryer hairdryer Iron and ironing board Dishwashers - microwave oven and coffee maker - coffee - steamed - toaster linen (sheets - towels) Tea, Coffee, Tea at your disposal. This is the ideal place for a stay in the capital. Possibility to have covered parking  24 hours. For SMALL CARS ONLY. No break. Metro  : Anvers-Pigalle-Cadet BUS 85 stop : Maubeuge/Rochechouart               
6061	Aménagement très cosy, 1er étage sans ascenseur, pour 1 à 3 voyageurs, très calme dans quartier vivant proche Montmartre, Opéra, Pigalle, Rue des Martyrs	Charming T2 45m2 ,1 bedroom king size bed ,1 living room with 2 individual beds, fully equiped kitchen, bathroom with bathtub- shower. Quiet, view on nice and flowered courtyard. Very nice area. Metro, bus and parking 100m. Near Montmartre and Opera
6062	Welcome in our charming Parisian flat, well located in Paris, right above a metro station (la Fourche).  The flat can host 4/5 people, with 2 bedrooms and one sofa convertible to bed. Near the city center of Paris, with Batignolles and Montmartre at 15 minutes walk.  This 60m2 flat with 2 bedrooms will be a perfect place to chill around and enjoy the city.  The metro is right under the apartment so you can get to anywhere easily.  The living area is composed of one open kitchen on the dining and living room, very luminous thanks to the 3 windows.  The decoration is between industrial and swedden with industrial and white furnitures. It will be the perfect combination between rest at the flat and visit around. This apartment is full of live as we live in there and just rent it occasionnaly. So please keep in mind that you will not find the standard of a 5* hotel so don't ask for it...We might leave some food in the fridge (feel free to help yourself) as well as personnal stuff. But all 	Luminous flat, well located in Paris, right above a metro station (la Fourche).  The flat can host 5 people, with 2 bedrooms and one sofa convertible to bed. 10 min walk from Montmartre and 2 min from Batignolles, area full of restaurant. 3rd floor, elevator available. We are cool hosts (not professionnal) who live in this flat and want to rent it occasionnaly when we leave on vacations. We will try our best to make you feel confortable as if it was yours :) Welcome in our charming Parisian flat, well located in Paris, right above a metro station (la Fourche).  The flat can host 4/5 people, with 2 bedrooms and one sofa convertible to bed. Near the city center of Paris, with Batignolles and Montmartre at 15 minutes walk.  This 60m2 flat with 2 bedrooms will be a perfect place to chill around and enjoy the city.  The metro is right under the apartment so you can get to anywhere easily.  The living area is composed of one open kitchen on the dining and living room, very luminous thanks to
6063	Très agréable, tout confort, cosy, dans un des plus charmants quartier parisiens.	Jolie studio lumineux refait à neuf dans un immeuble calme en plein coeur de Paris, entièrement équipié à quelques pas de la rue des Martyrs et avenue Trudaine. Le studio est au 5 eme étage, décoré avec goût, vous vous sentirez chez vous! Très agréable, tout confort, cosy, dans un des plus charmants quartier parisiens. Aux Grands Boulevards, a l'Opera de Paris, au Sopi, à Montmartre et aux Gare du Nord et de l'Est étc ... Je vous recevrais, je partagerais tous mes bonnes adresses ! Le calme, la population, les commerces, l'esprit village, l'urbanistique, les zones vertes, le shopping.... Et l'accessibilité à tout Très bien desservie la rue Rodier êst accessible par trois lignes métro équidistantes ( 7/12/2) et en bas de la maison le bus 85 qui relie et traverse Paris du Nord ou Sud passent par saint Germain de près
6064	ce ravissant espace séduit par son aspect cosy et chaleureux on s'y sent comme chez soi . Idéal pour un couple de 2 personnes.	Proche de Montmartre, à qq pas de rue des Martyrs!! Ce petit Nid douillet est parfait pour un court séjour ds notre capital il séduit par sa décoration et son agencement résultat escapade amoureuse garantie à consommer sans modération !!! ce ravissant espace séduit par son aspect cosy et chaleureux on s'y sent comme chez soi . Idéal pour un couple de 2 personnes. accès aux commodités d'usage : tv, téléphone internet, machine a laver , réfirgirateur, machine nespresso, mixer,autocuiseur, fer à repasser par mail ou téléphone Rue des Martyrs, on y découvre une vie de quartier fort sympathique  avec un très  large choix de bonnes adresses  qui  régale  les yeux et les papilles bien sûr   (restaurants bars) Théâtres . Le moulin rouge , Montmartre  a quelques pas  . Station bus  et de Vélib à pas . Métro: Notre Dame de Lorette   Metro : Gare du nord 5 minutes à pied  =>Accès rer B pour Aéroport  Roissy Charles De Gaulle , Eurostar , Thalys. se situe dans une résidence calme .
6065	La chambre est équipée d'un lit king size, d'une machine Nespresso, d'un dressing , d'un porte-valise, d'une chaise et d'un bureau salle de bains avec WC, douche, lavabo. serviettes, peignoirs de grandes marques et produits d'accueil	Une chambre joliment décorée avec salle de bains privative dans notre appartement hausmannien de 127 m2 où nous accueillons les hôtes gays et gayfriendly. idéalement située, près des gares du Nord et de l'Est, des grands magasins,  de Montmartre. La chambre est équipée d'un lit king size, d'une machine Nespresso, d'un dressing , d'un porte-valise, d'une chaise et d'un bureau salle de bains avec WC, douche, lavabo. serviettes, peignoirs de grandes marques et produits d'accueil Nous partageons cuisine, salle à manger, salon et le balcon Langues parlées : anglais, allemand rue très calme dans un quartier commerçant, beaucoup de cafés avec terrasse à 5 mn avenue Trudaine, à 7 mn de la Gare du Nord, 1 station de RER de Châtelet-Les Halles
6066		"A tiled entrance to the building leads to the first of two meticulously maintained courtyards where the live-in concierge keeps her wonderful plants. An elevator just before the first courtyard takes you to the 3rd floor. Guests have access to the entire apartment. We are available by phone & email should our guests require any assistance. This is the Grands Boulevards area of Paris with its stunning Haussmann buildings as well as the wonderful Grands Magasins of Galeries Lafayettes and Printemps. It is a lively, diverse area which plays host to typical working ""Parisiens"", shoppers, bankers, lawyers as well as tourists. Famous past residents of the area include writer Alexander Dumas, composer Hector Berlioz, film director Francois Truffaut, and painters Edgar Degas and Henri Toulouse Lautrec. Rue de Bellefond is named after Madame de Bellefond who was abbess of Montmartre in the late 17th and early 18th centuries. The quiet cobblestone street sits 12 meters above rue Pierre Semard an"
6067	In a newly renovated building, this charming studio is spacious and ideal for couples discovering Paris. The studio is composed of a living room space with TV, wifi, music, books. The sofa bed is really comfortable, queen size bed. There is a cute dining room space where you can have breakfast or romantic diner. The kitchen is small but cute and fully equiped: coffee machine, boiler, oven, microwave etc. The bathroom is totaly equiped and functionnal. The residence is quiet and really clean.	Very cute studio in a vivid neighbourhood!   The studio is 25m2, in the third floor of a residential building. Fully equiped, close to Metro and close to the main attractions of Paris.  The apartment is cute, idéal for a couple discovering paris In a newly renovated building, this charming studio is spacious and ideal for couples discovering Paris. The studio is composed of a living room space with TV, wifi, music, books. The sofa bed is really comfortable, queen size bed. There is a cute dining room space where you can have breakfast or romantic diner. The kitchen is small but cute and fully equiped: coffee machine, boiler, oven, microwave etc. The bathroom is totaly equiped and functionnal. The residence is quiet and really clean. This is YOUR apartment, you can use everything, i hope you will feel like home! I love to be in touch with my guests, feel free to ask me whatever you need, i am always happy to help ;) Wooow! the neighborhood is really amazing. The famous rue des Martyrs i
6068	Beaucoup de charme pour cet appartement sous les toits typique de Paris ! La petite touche en plus j'y laisse en général mon chat quand je ne suis pas là, elle se chargera de vous faire des câlins :)  L'appartement est tout confort, vaisselles, linge de maison, et produits de salle de bain, tout est à disposition 	Un charmant deux pièces sous les toits  avec une chambre en mezzanine typiquement parisien ! Très bien placé il est au cœur du quartier très branché de South Pigalle, juste au pied de la butte montmartre, à 15 min de l'Opéra et des grands magasins.  Beaucoup de charme pour cet appartement sous les toits typique de Paris ! La petite touche en plus j'y laisse en général mon chat quand je ne suis pas là, elle se chargera de vous faire des câlins :)  L'appartement est tout confort, vaisselles, linge de maison, et produits de salle de bain, tout est à disposition  Vous dormirez dans la mezzanine , total accès à la salle de bain ou la cuisine, le salon est partagé mais je suis rarement chez moi.  Je laisse à disposition beaucoup de guides sur Paris ainsi qu'un plan avec tous les quartiers et des recommandations bien sur concernant tout ce qu'il y a à faire autour de l'appartement ! Quartier génialissime en expansion depuis quelques années et en constant renouvellement totalement branché et e
6069	The apartment is on the third floor of a beautiful traditional building in a quiet side street of the 9th arrondissement of Paris. At 65m2 it features two spacious double bedrooms, a living room with sofa-bed, dining table and double window, a modern bathroom with shower and bath, a bright and airy kitchen with over, gas hob, microwave and kitchen table.	Ideally situated in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, with restaurants, cafes and commerces a plenty, the apartment features; Two large double bedrooms; a fully equipped kitchen; a spacious living room with dining space and a modern bathroom The apartment is on the third floor of a beautiful traditional building in a quiet side street of the 9th arrondissement of Paris. At 65m2 it features two spacious double bedrooms, a living room with sofa-bed, dining table and double window, a modern bathroom with shower and bath, a bright and airy kitchen with over, gas hob, microwave and kitchen table. You will have full and sole access to the apartment. My flatmate Morgan will be there to welcome you for you stay and as a Parisian can offer you advice and recommendations should you need it! Located in the So-Pi area of Paris the apartment is surrounded by no end of fantastic restaurants, cafes, shops and delicatessens. It's ideal for visiting the city with Montmartre and Sacré Coeur in walking di
6070	Joli studio au 1er étage d'un immeuble très calme et sécurisé comprenant un coin lit double avec draps propre fournis, salle de bain indépendante avec petite baignoire, miroir, nombreux rangements et ustensiles de base (sèche cheveux, savon..). Salle de vie comprenant un coin table basse et tabourets chinois, un bureau/table (et table haute d'appoint avec tabourets rangés dans la cuisine) vue sur la cour ainsi que de grands placards intégrés, cuisine équipée avec tous les ustensiles de base (et également micro onde, grille pain, théière..). Toilets indépendants.	Joli studio de 20m2 en plein cœur de Paris dans le 9ème, à moins de 5 minutes des métros Poissoniere et Cadet (ligne 7) et a 10-15 minutes de Montmartre. Appartement très calme donnant sur cour, dans un quartier très sympa. Joli studio au 1er étage d'un immeuble très calme et sécurisé comprenant un coin lit double avec draps propre fournis, salle de bain indépendante avec petite baignoire, miroir, nombreux rangements et ustensiles de base (sèche cheveux, savon..). Salle de vie comprenant un coin table basse et tabourets chinois, un bureau/table (et table haute d'appoint avec tabourets rangés dans la cuisine) vue sur la cour ainsi que de grands placards intégrés, cuisine équipée avec tous les ustensiles de base (et également micro onde, grille pain, théière..). Toilets indépendants. Joli studio de 20m2 en plein cœur de Paris dans le 9ème au 14 rue Pierre Semard, à moins de 5 minutes des métros Poissoniere et Cadet (ligne 7) et a 10-15 minutes a pied de Montmartre. Appartement très calme
6071	4 PIECES 80M2 I ETAGE  PARIS 9 EME BAS MONTMARTRE; .appartement dans immeuble 1830 calme vue sur rue et sur cour 3m 50 sous plafond parquets cheminées décoration xixeme quartier Place saint georges 100m rue des martyrs tous commerces metro Pigalle ou Saint Georges à 100M BUS 67 à 50M	2 CHAMBRES bed and Breakfast dans appartement de 80 m2 4 PIECES 80M2 I ETAGE  PARIS 9 EME BAS MONTMARTRE; .appartement dans immeuble 1830 calme vue sur rue et sur cour 3m 50 sous plafond parquets cheminées décoration xixeme quartier Place saint georges 100m rue des martyrs tous commerces metro Pigalle ou Saint Georges à 100M BUS 67 à 50M cuisine salon sdb son passé! LA PETITE ATHENES QUARTIER D ARTISTES au pied du Sacre Coeur et de Montmartre metro pigalle ou st Georges ligne 12 ou 2 bus 67 Gay Friendly
6072	We live in a 65 m2 lovely flat. It is charming, bright and comfortable. It comprises 1 parental bedroom with a double bed, 1 child room, 1 living room with a double sofa bed (comfortable for sleeping), 1 fully equipped kitchen, 1 bathroom. We’ve been living here since two years with our daughter. The flat is located at the 4th floor (no elevator) of a nice 19th century building. It is perfectly equipped, we love to cook and you will find all the utensils to enjoy the French gastronomy at home. A large choice of DVD, books, comics book and Internet wifi will be at your disposal. The spacious bathroom has a bathtub. The parental bedroom overlooks the flowery courtyard, where two benches are installed. You can benefit of this atmosphere by sitting there when the sun shines. The building is perfectly maintained by a caretaker living on site. 	Charming, bright and comfortable. It comprises 1 parental bedroom with a double bed, 1 child room, 1 living room with a double sofa bed (comfortable for sleeping), 1 fully equipped kitchen, 1 bathroom.  We live in a 65 m2 lovely flat. It is charming, bright and comfortable. It comprises 1 parental bedroom with a double bed, 1 child room, 1 living room with a double sofa bed (comfortable for sleeping), 1 fully equipped kitchen, 1 bathroom. We’ve been living here since two years with our daughter. The flat is located at the 4th floor (no elevator) of a nice 19th century building. It is perfectly equipped, we love to cook and you will find all the utensils to enjoy the French gastronomy at home. A large choice of DVD, books, comics book and Internet wifi will be at your disposal. The spacious bathroom has a bathtub. The parental bedroom overlooks the flowery courtyard, where two benches are installed. You can benefit of this atmosphere by sitting there when the sun shines. The building is
6073	Studio équipé avec tout le nécessaire de cuisine et de bain (serviettes comprises)	This wonderful flat is in the middle of paris in a very safe, touristic and quiet area. Near Champs élysées, Opera, madeleine, galeries lafayette, perfect to have a good time. A new well equipped apartment: double bed, shower, internet wifi, fridge.. Acces very practise: From Charles de gaulle airport with Roissy Bus direct until Opera. And Opera from my flat 5minutes on foot. From Orly RER Uuntil Chatelet, and line 14 until Madeleine. Good communication , if you have questions don't hesitate to ask me :) calm, quiet and sociable. Everything you need: many good restaurants (fauchon,Hediard...), market (1min from flat), post, baker, butcher, Shopping ( galeries lafayette ,Printemps 2 min). Subway:  Station madeleine  2 minutes from flat  on foot (line 8,12,14),  ), Station Opera 7 minutes from flat  on foot (line 3,7,8),  Station Havre Caumartin 2 min from flat on foot (Line  3,9),  Station Auber RER A (destination Disney land Paris) Bus Station: (phone number hidden). Trainstation: Gar
6074		Chambre meublée, avec frigorifique et microondas independants, possibilité de une matelas pneumatique en plus Reste de cuisine et douche a partager Bâtiment situé au cœur du 9ème arro Jolies vues au Sacre Cœur et Paris Est Ambience jeune
6075	This spacious 100m2 apartment is perfect for a family who wants to stay in the very heart of Paris. It has 3 bedrooms :  - the main one has a large double bed, a closet and an ensuite bathroom with italian shower. - the 2nd bedroom, which communicates with the 3rd one has a very comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people - the last bedroom is our baby girl's and has a baby bed, and a changing table. All bedrooms have shutters. Possibility to have a spare baby bed. There is also a large living room with 2 sofas and a comfortable armchair with a large flat screen TV and access to hundreds of channels in many different languages. The dining room is also very spacious as 8 person can comfortably sit around the table. We also provide a baby chair. Want to cook? the kitchen is very well equipped : oven, micro-wave, dishwasher, coffee machine, blender, kettle, ...  Finally the 2nd bathroom has a tub and toilets (but there are also separated toilets in the apartment) The building is a typical haussmani	"Come enjoy our typical haussmanian apartment and its cosy decoration. It is ideally located in the charming 9th ""arrondissement"", just a 10 min walk from Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, Opera, Gare du Nord & Gare St Lazare stations. This spacious 100m2 apartment is perfect for a family who wants to stay in the very heart of Paris. It has 3 bedrooms :  - the main one has a large double bed, a closet and an ensuite bathroom with italian shower. - the 2nd bedroom, which communicates with the 3rd one has a very comfortable sofa-bed for 2 people - the last bedroom is our baby girl's and has a baby bed, and a changing table. All bedrooms have shutters. Possibility to have a spare baby bed. There is also a large living room with 2 sofas and a comfortable armchair with a large flat screen TV and access to hundreds of channels in many different languages. The dining room is also very spacious as 8 person can comfortably sit around the table. We also provide a baby chair. Want to cook? the kitch"
6076		Magnificent and  duplex with terrace at 2 steps Parisian Department Stores Relax after a hectic day in this peaceful haven in the heart of Paris Enjoy your stay and feel like home !
6077	Bien situé proche toutes commodités  Charme Très clair, calme, exposition sur 2 cours est/ouest Soleil 34m2 5eme étage ascenseur	Appartement de 2 pièces agréable à vivre, très bien situé dans un quartier branché. La rue est très calme à 2pas de l'avenue Trudaine, au pied de Montmartre. A 10 minutes à pied du quartier des Abesses. Bien situé proche toutes commodités  Charme Très clair, calme, exposition sur 2 cours est/ouest Soleil 34m2 5eme étage ascenseur Metro Anvers à 5 minutes à pied Gare du Nord à 15 minutes à pied email, telephone quartier agréable à vivre avec tout à proximité, rue calme. Square à 2 minutes. Montmartre à 10 minutes à pied Métro le + proche Anvers 5 minutes à pied Autres métros à 10 minutes à pied : Pigalle, Barbes, Cadet. Bus ligne 85, arrêt dans la rue Rodier tout proche de l'appartement. La ligne traverse Paris de haut en bas, en passant par Châtelet, jusqu'au jardin du Luxembourg dans le 6eme arrondissement. Superette à 20 mètres poste, piscine, autolib, vélib à 3 minutes.
6078	- Last floor Flat - One room + One Couch bed - Kitchen and Bathroom Full equiped - Free Wifi - Free Cable	- Last floor Flat - One room + One Couch bed - Kitchen and Bathroom Full equiped - Free Wifi - Free Cable Free Wifi TV Cable In the Heart of the 9 th , Heart of Paris , in a very quiet street , less than 15 min Walk from montmartre , Pigalle , Chatelet and all the Charms of Paris . Very Trendy part of Paris woth a lot of good restaurants , theaters and shops . Metro 8/9/7/12
6079		Il s'agit d'un appartement très lumineux avec peu de vis a vis proche, pour Paris. La cuisine permet de prendre tous ses repas et cuisiner à l'aise. la salle de bain n'est pas très grande mais fonctionnelle. N'hésitez pas à vous renseigner.
6080	Nous gardons une pièce fermée pour nos affaires personnelles. Dans la salle de bain, il n'y a pas de rideau de douche, c'est un choix de notre part. Dans la chambre, le canapé déplié prend tout l'espace.	Chambre calme sur cour à louer dans l'appartement où nous vivons. Idéalement situé à deux pas du sacré coeur. Salle de bain spacieuse, Métro et bus à proximité. Idéal pour passer une nuit. Nous gardons une pièce fermée pour nos affaires personnelles. Dans la salle de bain, il n'y a pas de rideau de douche, c'est un choix de notre part. Dans la chambre, le canapé déplié prend tout l'espace. Nous pouvons facilement échanger par email pour toutes questions. Le 9e arrondissement est un quartier très apprécié des parisiens et des touristes. Dans  le nord: vous trouverez le calme et la convivialité en vous baladant rue des Martyrs appréciée pour ses commerces; la tranquillité du square d'Anvers, la frénésie de Pigalle de jour comme de nuit, le charme de la butte Montmartre pour admirer sa basilique, ses peintres de la place du tertre, mais aussi ses vignes, ses petites impasses et ses belles maisons à admirer si vous sortez des sentiers battus. Au sud, c'est l'effervescence du boulevard Haus
6081	This brand-new, 25 sq meter studio has been completely renovated. State-of-the-art bluetooth Dolby stereo, 42' HD TV, high-speed wifi and a fully equipped kitchen. Nestled in a 1930s Art Deco building in the vibrant South Pigalle neighbourhood, it's a wonderful place to stay and enjoy Paris' most romantic sites like Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur and the famous Amélie cafe—all within walking distance.	This newly renovated studio is in a 1930s classic Art Deco building in one of Paris' most thrilling neighborhoods. Great restaurants, shopping and nightlife; walking distance from the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur, Galeries Lafayette and the Opera. This brand-new, 25 sq meter studio has been completely renovated. State-of-the-art bluetooth Dolby stereo, 42' HD TV, high-speed wifi and a fully equipped kitchen. Nestled in a 1930s Art Deco building in the vibrant South Pigalle neighbourhood, it's a wonderful place to stay and enjoy Paris' most romantic sites like Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, the Sacré Coeur and the famous Amélie cafe—all within walking distance. Guests will have access to everything in the apartment.  Our house manager, Mark, will meet you for check-in and checkout at the apartment. You will find his contacts in HOUSE MANUAL once you book. Then please contact him a day or so prior to arrival to let him know what time you'll get to the apartment--as well as once you've ar
6082	The flat is located at the first floor of a ancient building. It is very bright and with  artististic  atmosphere. You have a queen bed and and a single bed. The flat will be perfect for 2 Persons with a children.	Very luminous flat,33 square meters.Perfectly located,in Montmartre area,near the  Sacre Coeur and his incredible view of Paris.This location is ideal if you want to enjoy the Parisian authentic life,easy tansports to others areas.Shops very close The flat is located at the first floor of a ancient building. It is very bright and with  artististic  atmosphere. You have a queen bed and and a single bed. The flat will be perfect for 2 Persons with a children. You are completely indipendent but i am not far ...in case you need some complementary  informations. I live in the same building so i will be there to welcome you on your check in, and to explain where you can find  the best shops around the flat. We also can arrange  to make easy your check out.  You are fully independant, but i am on the ground floor  and you  could reach me easily  if you need anything. I like the view from the Sacre Coeur, 10mn  walk from  the flat. I like also the Garden of Montmarte.  I like the food Shops ar
6083	Building This charming studio is located on the second floor* of a XIXth century building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode entrance and a second gate with an intercom. The two windows are double glazed so the apartment is quiet, plus there are shutters on the outside too.  *Remember that in France we count ground floor then lst floor, etc. Layout This 33 sqm studio apartment is very charming. It can accommodate  two or three people with a comfortable queen size bed (160x200 cm) and a large single bed (90x200 cm) that can also be used as a sofa. (Both mattresses are 'Bultex' brand, specifically chosen for comfort. It also features a table with three modern chairs, a large flat-screen TV, DVD player and two storage spaces: a wardrobe with mirror and sliding doors and a built-in storage area. The wooden floor and the walls features artworks from a French contemporary artist and adds to the charm and peaceful ambiance to this room. From the main room you have acces	Building This charming studio is located on the second floor* of a XIXth century building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by a digicode entrance and a second gate with an intercom. The two windows are double glazed so the apartment is quiet, plus there are shutters on the outside too.  *Remember that in France we count ground floor then lst floor, etc. Layout This 33 sqm studio apartment is very charming. It can accommodate  two or three people with a comfortable queen size bed (160x200 cm) and a large single bed (90x200 cm) that can also be used as a sofa. (Both mattresses are 'Bultex' brand, specifically chosen for comfort. It also features a table with three modern chairs, a large flat-screen TV, DVD player and two storage spaces: a wardrobe with mirror and sliding doors and a built-in storage area. The wooden floor and the walls features artworks from a French contemporary artist and adds to the charm and peaceful ambiance to this room. From the main room you have acces
6084	beamed ceiling and nice decoration. 4 people can sleep in the apartment but it s only a bed and a sofa-bed...	2 rooms, exposed west, overlooking the courtyard, beautiful and poetic, close to Rue des Martyrs (lots of good french food products), Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, peaceful flat in a lively neighborhood.  beamed ceiling and nice decoration. 4 people can sleep in the apartment but it s only a bed and a sofa-bed... laundry machine and dryer, wifi, no television, good kitchen I'll welcome you and answer your question concerning your trip, helping you if you want to find what you are looking for through the city 10 mn from Le Louvres museum 10 mn from Pigalle (Best place to party) 10 mn Galerie Lafayette (Best place for shopping) 5mn from Rue des Martyrs (amazing french food) 15mn from Montmartre (Best place for couples (with the Seine banks))  Subway : L7 Cadet (50 meters) L8 Grands Boulevards L12 Notre dame de Lorette 4th floor without elevator
6085		Nice studio apartement, ideally located in Pigalle near the famous Montmartre and the Moulin Rouge. At the first floor of an old and safe building, you will enjoy your stay in Paris in a fully furnished and cosy apartment for 2 people.
6086	"A lighted renovated 90m2 duplex apartment, located in the heart of Paris. PERFECT for a family with kids - even more perfect if you have a baby! Two floors: Living room, kitchen and bathroom on the 1st; Two bedrooms and  a corridor with a really cool play area on the 2nd. A fully equipped Kitchen: Fridge +freezer, oven+stove, Microwave, washing machine, dryer. A large (30m2) living room with an ""L"" sofa and an armchair, flat screen TV + cable, dining room for 6 people."	"A super cozy 90m2 duplex apartment, PERFECT for parents+kids. Completely renovated.  One bedroom with a queen-size bed and wardrobe; Second bedroom with a kids' bed and a large baby bed; A 30 m2 living room with an ""L"" sofa; A fully equipped kitchen. A lighted renovated 90m2 duplex apartment, located in the heart of Paris. PERFECT for a family with kids - even more perfect if you have a baby! Two floors: Living room, kitchen and bathroom on the 1st; Two bedrooms and  a corridor with a really cool play area on the 2nd. A fully equipped Kitchen: Fridge +freezer, oven+stove, Microwave, washing machine, dryer. A large (30m2) living room with an ""L"" sofa and an armchair, flat screen TV + cable, dining room for 6 people. Cable TV, Wi-Fi, landline phone, heating, air conditioner, washing machine, dryer, Fridge +freezer, oven+stove, microwave A calm, quiet and friendly neighborhood, yet very close to main attractions in the city center. Metro station'Bonne Nouvelle' (Lines 8+9), Metro station "
6087	This flat is like a haven in the heart of the heart of one of the most lively areas of Paris. The library is beautiful and filled with marvellous books in French, in English or in German. The neighbourhood of course will please you, nice strolls from Montmartre to the Louvre, or from Saint-Martin Canal to the old Opera House. Not to mention the République area or the 2nd arrondissement and its amazing cafés and bistros (try out rue Tiquetonne for instance). 	Beautiful and luminous flat in one of the most vivid areas of Paris. Bathroom, kitchen, wifi and dvd player are included. Just a few blocks from all the most beautiful sites (Montmartre, the Louvre and the Tuileries garden). This flat is like a haven in the heart of the heart of one of the most lively areas of Paris. The library is beautiful and filled with marvellous books in French, in English or in German. The neighbourhood of course will please you, nice strolls from Montmartre to the Louvre, or from Saint-Martin Canal to the old Opera House. Not to mention the République area or the 2nd arrondissement and its amazing cafés and bistros (try out rue Tiquetonne for instance). You will have access to 2 rooms, the kitchen and the bathroom. There's also a wifi access, a TV and a dvd player, and, by all means, feel free to use everything you may need from the kitchen.  I'll be here to give the keys and tell you how to get to places you shouldn't miss. Very lively neighbourhood full of bi
6088		Heart of Paris in the 9th district, between OPERA and MONTMARTRE, you will love this very well located flat, very clear and quiet 50m2 with quiet room,well equipped kitchen, fitted bathroom and cosy salon Any additional information under request
6089	This apartment is where I live. So expect a nice and pristine but lived in place. Which means there are real books on the shelves, along with a few tiny action figures - I guess you can say I'm a bit of a nerd that way;) What you see on the pictures is what you get, no more, but no less! Oh, and it's pet friendly, in case you want to bring some furry company;)	1 bedroom 1 full bathroom in prime trendsetting NoPi. High ceilings with original molding, parquet floor, very quiet & typical, 4th floor out of 6, on building courtyard. Great location convenient to restaurants, bars, shopping & transportation... This apartment is where I live. So expect a nice and pristine but lived in place. Which means there are real books on the shelves, along with a few tiny action figures - I guess you can say I'm a bit of a nerd that way;) What you see on the pictures is what you get, no more, but no less! Oh, and it's pet friendly, in case you want to bring some furry company;) You have access to the whole apartment without restriction, with the exception of two closets (out of three) and the groceries inside the kitchen cupboards. The neighborhood is full of nice places to eat or have a drink, but if you feel like cooking a nice home-made dinner, you should find everything to suit your needs: induction cooktop, traditional & micro-wave oven, Nespresso... Ther
6090	At the second floor, the apartment is a quiet and bright 100 sqm place, perfect for a couple. There is 1 bedroom with king size bed. The flat has a free unlimited speed wifi connection.The kitchen is fully equiped (microwave, oven, fridge, ...). The main bathroom has a bath and there is another independent shower room with washing machine and dryer.	At the second floor, the apartment is a quiet and bright 100 sqm place, perfect for a couple. There is 1 bedroom with king size bed. The flat has a free unlimited speed wifi connection.The kitchen is fully equiped (microwave, oven, fridge, ...). The main bathroom has a bath and there is another independent shower room with washing machine and dryer. Pilows, towels and linen are facilities free of charge. There is a free service coffee machine.  The apartment has all you need for a comfortable, self catering stay. If you have any specific request, don't hesitate to ask. In an idyllic and very central setting, the apartment is located just a couple of steps from many of the most attractive sites of Paris: Montmartre, the Moulin Rouge, the Opera Garnier and Grands Boulevards are walking distance. With plenty of public transport (bus lines and metro) just at the corner, it is as easy to go within 10-20 minutes to the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Le Marais District or Latin District. This 
6091	Dans un immeuble typiquement parisien et dans un quartier au coeur de Paris, proche de tout !	Cosy apartment (30sqm ) in the 9th arrondissement. It is a very calm apartment, in an old and typical parisian building in the heart of Paris ! You will be close to many great places. There is double bed and an other extra bed if needed.  We will met for the check in and the check out. I can give some tourist advise if needed.  - 100m from Trinité d'Etienne d'Orves Church  - 200m from Saint Lazare Gare Station - 400m from Galeries Lafayette - 1km from Opéra Garnier - 1 km from Place Pigalle - 1,5km from Montmartre  Gare station: Saint Lazare Subway: L13: Trinité d'Etienne d'Orves L14/3/13: Saint Lazare L7/9: Chaussée d'Antin Regional Train: RER A: Auber RER E: Haussman Saint Lazare On the 4th floor (FR) or 5th (US) without elevator. 
6092	"The building is located in a no passing traffic automobile.Le studio is located at the bottom of a quiet inner courtyard, on the ground floor. The entrance takes you into the main room which is composed of an open space on the kitchen, living room and dining area. The main bed is a double bed of 160x190 on a mezzanine. A second bed for one person is available in the lounge under the glass roof. In the bathroom there is a shower ""Italian"" and sink. The toilet is in a separate room. This property is ideal for a couple and a child, however, attention to the stairs, to the child, leading to the mezzanine."	"This artist's studio, located in the district of Martyrs, between the Moulin Rouge and the Opera Garnier, is ideally situated and very quiet. Charm of an old workshop converted into a loft, very clear, 1/3 of its area being under sunroom. The building is located in a no passing traffic automobile.Le studio is located at the bottom of a quiet inner courtyard, on the ground floor. The entrance takes you into the main room which is composed of an open space on the kitchen, living room and dining area. The main bed is a double bed of 160x190 on a mezzanine. A second bed for one person is available in the lounge under the glass roof. In the bathroom there is a shower ""Italian"" and sink. The toilet is in a separate room. This property is ideal for a couple and a child, however, attention to the stairs, to the child, leading to the mezzanine. Lively, both popular and trendy, close to all shops, grocery, supermarket, baker, butcher, fishmonger, wine cellar, cheese, fruit and vegetables, cateri"
6093		We are renting a 20 m2 room in our large flat (120 m2).  Very  central location (9th arrdt) above the Poissonniere metro station  (10mn from Opera). Apartment full of light (5th floor with a lift), a living room and a dining room &  3 large rooms.
6094	Nice flat in the downtown of Paris close to Pigalle, Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, Batignolles, many shops, bars, restaurants around. Very easy to join the main train stations or airports!  Very practical flat with all comfort, close to very nices places of Paris, in a calm street. Very comfortable for a couple, 2 main rooms, 32 m² of surface. People will have access to everything in my flat (kitchen, shower, livingroom, bedroom...) We can talk by skype or phone if you are french, I won't be in the apartment during the rent. Many restaurants, bars, shops around, 1 minute far the famous Batignolles quarter or Abesses quarter, 10 minutes far from Saint-Lazare station, Sacré-Coeur, Moulin-Rouge, Montmartre... Very easy to join, by metro ligne 2 or ligne 13, very easy to go to the main train station or airports.	Charming flat in the downtown of Paris (9th district), near Montmartre, 15 minutes far from the Champs Elysées, with many bars, restaurant around!!  Nice flat in the downtown of Paris close to Pigalle, Montmartre, Sacré-Coeur, Batignolles, many shops, bars, restaurants around. Very easy to join the main train stations or airports!  Very practical flat with all comfort, close to very nices places of Paris, in a calm street. Very comfortable for a couple, 2 main rooms, 32 m² of surface. People will have access to everything in my flat (kitchen, shower, livingroom, bedroom...) We can talk by skype or phone if you are french, I won't be in the apartment during the rent. Many restaurants, bars, shops around, 1 minute far the famous Batignolles quarter or Abesses quarter, 10 minutes far from Saint-Lazare station, Sacré-Coeur, Moulin-Rouge, Montmartre... Very easy to join, by metro ligne 2 or ligne 13, very easy to go to the main train station or airports. If you want others details, don't he
6095	A very quiet and bright appartement decorated by a designer. You will enjoy very comfortable  cocoon.	Welcome New! You will stay in a charming and very well decorated 30 square meters studio in a vibrant and trendy central area Let yourself be enchanted by all the charming shops, delightful restaurants & the architecture of the neighborhood
6096	Surface 40 m².  A room with big bed for 2 people.  1 living room with sofa bed for 2 people.  Semi-open kitchen.  Bathroom with shoxer and bath.  Atypical apartment.  Beautiful Haussmanian building.  Beautiful entrance.	"2 pièces appartment 40m², 1 living room with sofa bed for 2 people, 1 bedroom with bed for 2 people, kitchen, bathroom with bath and shower,, wifi, washing machine, dishwasher... Surface 40 m².  A room with big bed for 2 people.  1 living room with sofa bed for 2 people.  Semi-open kitchen.  Bathroom with shoxer and bath.  Atypical apartment.  Beautiful Haussmanian building.  Beautiful entrance. Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Pigalle, Notre Dame de Lorette and Trinité 5 min by walk.  Gare du Nord and Saint Lazare 10 min by walk.  Grands Boulevards 15 minutes by walk. You will be welcomed by a nice, friendly and travelers couple. We try to be the more open-minded as possible.! If we're unavailable, our guardian will be there! It is the artists' quarter, theaters, attractions, restaurants, bars ...  Everything you need is there! You will enjoy a pleasant and open-mind atmosphere! The area around the apartment is not overrun with tourists! Underground line 7, station ""Cadet""  Underground line 2"
6097	Un lit de 2m sur 2m à mémoire de forme vous permettra de bien vous reposer en vous balandant en plein centre-ville de Paris ;)	A 2minutes à pieds du métro Grands Boulevards, ce petit appartement de 16m² vous promet un agréable séjour à Paris. Il est équipé d'un frigo, d'un congélateur, d'un four micro-onde et d'un grand lit mémoire de forme de 2m sur 2m ! Un lit de 2m sur 2m à mémoire de forme vous permettra de bien vous reposer en vous balandant en plein centre-ville de Paris ;) A tout l'appartement, avec un frigo, un congélateur, un micro-onde, une table à repasser, une malette de poker, 5 chaises, une table et le fameux lit ! En fonction des dates, je peux être disponible lors de la remise des clefs Les Grands Boulevards sont situés juste à côté du musée Grévin, du Rex, de l'Opéra Garnier, de la place Vendôme et des Galeries Lafayette. A 15 minutes à pied se trouvent le Louvre et le jardin des (website hidden) manquez pas le restaurant Chartier en bas de la rue ! Les métros 8 et 9 amènent à Grands Boulevards (moins de 2 mn à pied). A 5 mn se trouve l'arret Cadet (ligne 7). A 7 mn Bourse (ligne 3). A 12 mn l
6098	Situé dans le 9e arrondissement, à 10 mn des Grands Magasins, de l'Opéra Garnier et du Moulin Rouge, notre appartement est proche de nombreux sites touristiques parisiens.  L'appartement fait 75 m², et est composé de 3 chambres indépendantes. Actuellement, nous sommes 3 colocataires à y vivre. Located in the 9th arrondissement, only 10 minutes away from Galeries Lafayettes, Opéra Garnier and Moulin Rouge, our flat is very close to sightseeing places from Paris. Total floor area is 75m2. The flat is composed of 3 independent rooms  Currently, we are 3 roomates living in the flat	I propose a room in my flat. The apartment is great, in the heart of Paris! The room for rent is spacious (18m ²) and has a double bed and a desk. Many transport nearby. Looking forward to meeting you! Situé dans le 9e arrondissement, à 10 mn des Grands Magasins, de l'Opéra Garnier et du Moulin Rouge, notre appartement est proche de nombreux sites touristiques parisiens.  L'appartement fait 75 m², et est composé de 3 chambres indépendantes. Actuellement, nous sommes 3 colocataires à y vivre. Located in the 9th arrondissement, only 10 minutes away from Galeries Lafayettes, Opéra Garnier and Moulin Rouge, our flat is very close to sightseeing places from Paris. Total floor area is 75m2. The flat is composed of 3 independent rooms  Currently, we are 3 roomates living in the flat Gare Saint Lazare à 5mn à pied.  6 Lignes de métro à moins de 10 mn à pied. Saint-Lazare station is 5 minutes away by foot  6 Subway lines less than 10 minutes away by foot. Nous serons heureux d'échanger avec vou
6099	A nice and cosy apartment with double bed, separated toilets, bathroom with tube, kitchen (oven, fridge, washing machine, dish washer, oven...), dining room with table for 6, living room (TV, DVD, Xbox, Sound system) and a balcony with a table and 2 chairs for a sunny breakfast.	"My girlfriend and I live in this lovely appartement since 2014. Located in one of the trendiest place of Paris 9th Area (Rochechouart-Trudaine), the appartement (55 sqm) is just 5 min walk from Anvers metro station, bars, restaurants and Montmartre. A nice and cosy apartment with double bed, separated toilets, bathroom with tube, kitchen (oven, fridge, washing machine, dish washer, oven...), dining room with table for 6, living room (TV, DVD, Xbox, Sound system) and a balcony with a table and 2 chairs for a sunny breakfast. You have access to the complete flat ! You can reach me anytime by phone or email during you stay Trendy neighborhood called ""Trudaine-Rochechouart"" in the 9th Area of Paris where everything can be done by walk.  A good Bakery is one foot step from our charming and old building. Many bars and restaurants are just 50 meters away and still, the area is very calm (no bar or restaurant below the apartment) and the bedroom is facing an indoor court which is very silent)."
6100	Chambre avec lit simple ou double et sa salle de bain privative séparée en plein cœur de Paris, a deux pas d'Opéra et très proche du Marais. Bien décorée ( baignoire STARK, lumières qui peuvent être réglés)  cette chambre avec ses moulures du xix siècle et la modernité de sa salle de bain est un pont entre le paris d'hier et d'aujourd'hui...vous aurez aussi la possibilité d écouter votre musique ou notre sélection musicale française dans la chambre et dans la salle bain. dans cette dernière vous pourrez aussi régler l'intensité de la lumière et prendre un bain dans une ambiance tamisée..à 200 mt du métro Poissonnière ( ligne 7 ) ou à 3 minutes de Bonne Nouvelle ( ligne 8-9). Mais à pieds vous êtes en plein coeur de Paris! A coté de Montorgueil et d'OPERA. Les Galeries Lafayette et les Grands Boulevards sont à 10 minutes. L'hôtel est à 10 minutes de la gare du Nord, terminus de l'Eurostar et des TGV.   Au 2° étages avec ascenseur dans un quartier très vivant ( vous avez tous les commerc	Chambre avec lit simple ou double et sa salle de bain privative séparée en plein cœur de Paris, a deux pas d'Opéra et très proche du Marais. Bien décorée ( baignoire STARK, lumières qui peuvent être réglés)  cette chambre avec ses moulures du xix siècle et la modernité de sa salle de bain est un pont entre le paris d'hier et d'aujourd'hui...vous aurez aussi la possibilité d écouter votre musique ou notre sélection musicale française dans la chambre et dans la salle bain. dans cette dernière vous pourrez aussi régler l'intensité de la lumière et prendre un bain dans une ambiance tamisée..à 200 mt du métro Poissonnière ( ligne 7 ) ou à 3 minutes de Bonne Nouvelle ( ligne 8-9). Mais à pieds vous êtes en plein coeur de Paris! A coté de Montorgueil et d'OPERA. Les Galeries Lafayette et les Grands Boulevards sont à 10 minutes. L'hôtel est à 10 minutes de la gare du Nord, terminus de l'Eurostar et des TGV.   Au 2° étages avec ascenseur dans un quartier très vivant ( vous avez tous les commerc
6101	Calm flat in vibrant Montmartre. 1 double bedroom, 1 bedroom convertible in dining room, 1 living room with sofabed. WiFi 40' TV Bose sound system Kitchen: dishwasher ven and small appliances. Bathroom: both shower&bath washing machine/hair dryer Separated comodities	Charming authentic flat in the center of famous Montmarte neighbourhood. Easy access by metro and sharing bikes (Vélib)! Walking distance from most popular sights 2 min to Moulin Rouge / 15 min to Sacré Coeur. Typical bars food & stores in the area. Calm flat in vibrant Montmartre. 1 double bedroom, 1 bedroom convertible in dining room, 1 living room with sofabed. WiFi 40' TV Bose sound system Kitchen: dishwasher ven and small appliances. Bathroom: both shower&bath washing machine/hair dryer Separated comodities 500m from Blanche (line 2) and Pigalle (line12) metro station 
6102	My fiancé and I have decorated and furnished our apartment to be a comfortable and relaxing refuge in the middle of beautiful but busy Paris.  I am an American immigrant to France (from Los Angeles), and my fiancé comes from Norway, so our domestic sensibilities are not entirely French, which simply means that several of our home appliances like the refrigerator and the television are bit larger than what you would find in an average French apartment, and of course we have a dishwasher.  Our guests will have access to the entire apartment, which is located on the second floor, with an elevator. There is a spacious entry hall which proceeds to the big living room.  The toilet is separate from the bathroom (with bathtub), which is attached to the master bedroom.  We have a washing machine, drying rack, an ironing board, and a hairdryer.  The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances.  Our 42 inch (110 cm) TV comes with cable, and feel free to veg out and watch any DVD from our exp	My fiancé and I have decorated and furnished our apartment to be a comfortable and relaxing refuge in the middle of beautiful but busy Paris.  I am an American immigrant to France (from Los Angeles), and my fiancé comes from Norway, so our domestic sensibilities are not entirely French, which simply means that several of our home appliances like the refrigerator and the television are bit larger than what you would find in an average French apartment, and of course we have a dishwasher.  Our guests will have access to the entire apartment, which is located on the second floor, with an elevator. There is a spacious entry hall which proceeds to the big living room.  The toilet is separate from the bathroom (with bathtub), which is attached to the master bedroom.  We have a washing machine, drying rack, an ironing board, and a hairdryer.  The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances.  Our 42 inch (110 cm) TV comes with cable, and feel free to veg out and watch any DVD from our exp
6103	Cute apartment in a traditional Paris style house built in the 1900's. Right in the heart of Montmarte, just beneath Sacré Coeur, it is located in a romantic, lively, safe and trendy area with many restaurants, bars and independent shops around, most of them being also open on Sundays. 	Cute two rooms apartment right in Montmartre. Welcoming, cosy and typical, it is centrally located, in a quiet street and one block away from Sacré Coeur. Cute apartment in a traditional Paris style house built in the 1900's. Right in the heart of Montmarte, just beneath Sacré Coeur, it is located in a romantic, lively, safe and trendy area with many restaurants, bars and independent shops around, most of them being also open on Sundays.  Though the area is busy, the street and the building are both quiet and secure. The flat is bright and fully furnished with a large living room including cooking facilities (oven, micro waves, fridge, freezer, dishes, etc...) and a cosy bedroom including a very comfortable large size bed (140cm x 200cm). The bathroom is equipped with a hair dryer and a walk-in shower to relax after a full day of visits. Clean sheets and towels will be waiting for you. There is also plenty of storage space and the whole apartment is equipped with a private & secure wir
6104	Une escapade parisienne en amoureux, ça vous tente ? Imaginez séjourner dans un appartement cocoon et central à deux pas de la Butte de Montmartre et à 5 minutes à pied de la place de l’Opéra ! Ce studio est exactement ce que vous cherchez ! Entièrement refait à neuf, cet petit appartement a tout d'un grand pour passer un séjour inoubliable sur Paris !  Cuisine : Ouverte sur le salon, la cuisine est équipée de : 2 plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-onde, machine à café italienne, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Avec son coin bar et ses 2 tabourets, vous apprécierez vos petits déjeuner en tête à tête !  Salon : Aux jolis notes de bleus, le salon est composé d’un canapé d'angle convertible (140x200cm), d’une table basse, du wifi et d’un grand dressing. L’appartement est silencieux grâce à ses fenêtres situées coté cour.  Salle de bain : Moderne, elle est équipée d’une douche italienne, d’une vasque avec miroir, d'un sèche serviette, d'un lave-linge 	Une escapade parisienne en amoureux, ça vous tente ? Imaginez séjourner dans un appartement cocoon et central à deux pas de la Butte de Montmartre et à 5 minutes à pied de la place de l’Opéra ! Ce studio est exactement ce que vous cherchez ! Entièrement refait à neuf, cet petit appartement a tout d'un grand pour passer un séjour inoubliable sur Paris !  Cuisine : Ouverte sur le salon, la cuisine est équipée de : 2 plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-onde, machine à café italienne, réfrigérateur, bouilloire, lave-vaisselle et tout le nécessaire à cuisine. Avec son coin bar et ses 2 tabourets, vous apprécierez vos petits déjeuner en tête à tête !  Salon : Aux jolis notes de bleus, le salon est composé d’un canapé d'angle convertible (140x200cm), d’une table basse, du wifi et d’un grand dressing. L’appartement est silencieux grâce à ses fenêtres situées coté cour.  Salle de bain : Moderne, elle est équipée d’une douche italienne, d’une vasque avec miroir, d'un sèche serviette, d'un lave-linge 
6105	Murs colorés, déco mixte entre brocantes et mobilier plus moderne, appartement calme, quartier très sympa et vivant, à proximité de nombreux moyens de transports et de points touristiques entre Montmartre, la Gare du Nord & de l'Est, l'opéra Garnier et la gare St. Lazare. des commerces et restaurants sympas.	Appartement chaleureux. 1 chambre avec lit double, 1 cuisine équipée (four, gazinière, frigo/cong...), 1 salle à manger /bureau et 1 salon cosy avec canapé lit. 1 salle de bain récemment refaite à neuf (grande douche, lave linge, lavabo), WC séparé. Murs colorés, déco mixte entre brocantes et mobilier plus moderne, appartement calme, quartier très sympa et vivant, à proximité de nombreux moyens de transports et de points touristiques entre Montmartre, la Gare du Nord & de l'Est, l'opéra Garnier et la gare St. Lazare. des commerces et restaurants sympas. Tout l'appartement Oui Quartier situé entre Montmartre, la gare du Nord/ de l'Est, l'opéra Garnier, et la gare Saint Lazare.  Quartier charmant qui sert de décor à de nombreux films. Restaurants et commerces sympas. De nombreuses lignes de métro, RER et bus à proximité. Ligne 7 à 5 min à pieds. Ligne 2-4-5 à 10 min à pieds. RER B & D à 10 min à pieds. Bus (phone number hidden), à 3 minutes à pieds. Vélib, autolib...
6106		Chambre de 24m² avec salle de bains et toilettes attenantes réservées aux hôtes. Située au dernier étage de notre duplex dans immeuble ancien, vous aurez même un accès direct à la chambre. Central, métros Cadet et Grands Boulevards, L7, L9, L12, L8
6107	The apartment is a duplex with a beautiful balcony where you can have breakfast while looking at the famous rue des martyrs street. The entrance is very big and has a dining table and the living room is equipped with a new and very comfortable convertible couch (sleeps 2). The apartment can be accessed by elevator. 	Located in the city centre with a stunning view on the Sacré Coeur, the apartment consists of the bedroom upstairs and downstairs a vast entrance, a living room with a convertible couch, kitchen, bathroom and separate WC and a beautiful balcony. The apartment is a duplex with a beautiful balcony where you can have breakfast while looking at the famous rue des martyrs street. The entrance is very big and has a dining table and the living room is equipped with a new and very comfortable convertible couch (sleeps 2). The apartment can be accessed by elevator.  I love that the apartment is situated in the centre of Paris, a 10mn walk to Montmartre, Opera or the famous Galeries Lafayette.  The area is surrounded by trendy restaurants, local shops and trendy french clothing brands for shopping. We have several subway stations near our apartment as well as buses that will bring you wherever you need to go without changing lines. A lot of tourist sites are st walking distance, strolling around
6108		Beautiful place to be in South PIGALLE, quiet, charm, near Opera and Montmartre. A lot of shop a proximity.  Beautifully decoration. Near metro St George's, it's a Appartement for 4 peoples or 6. 
6109	"Upscale typical Parisian apartment at the heart of the Pigalle / rue des Martyrs, one of the trendiest areas. 56 m2 recently acquired and completely renovated by a famous architect. Luxurious, quiet and stylish one bedroom apartment. Limited to 2 people and minimum stay 2 nights. Lively, young and trendy, up and coming neighborhood, very central and still typical of the real ""vie de quartier"", Parisian way of living. Close to Montmartre and to Opera. Many shops and gourmet restaurants. Beautiful buildings and surroundings and very well served by buses and metro. Metro bus taxi walking distance from most touristic attractions Cleaning fee of 25 usd charged for 2 nights, contact host for more nights"	Upscale yet typical Parisian apartment at the heart of the 9th, Pigalle / rue des Martyrs in one of the trendiest areas. Recently acquired and completely renovated by a high end architect. Luxurious, quiet and stylish one bedroom apartment. Limited to 2 people and minimum stay 2 nights.
6110	The silence of the place you are going to stay even if it's close to the metro and the bars of one of the most lively arrondissement of Paris	Hello everybody! i rent out my room in a cozy apartment absolutely close to the basilique of the Sacré Cœur. The room as the apartment has everything you'll need for a comfortable stay in this wonderful city: large bed, wi-fi, TV, washing machine, microwave, hair dryer, city maps.
6111	Localization,Luminosity, Peaceful . Cuisine équipée, salle de bain-douche. Le studio est constitué d'une seule pièce à vivre mais optimisée pour être la plus spacieuse possible. Central, calme, tout accessible à pieds,à la fois du Marais, de Montmartre et d'Opéra et Grands Magasins. 	Localisation, luminosité, calme. Localization,Luminosity, Peaceful . Cuisine équipée, salle de bain-douche. Le studio est constitué d'une seule pièce à vivre mais optimisée pour être la plus spacieuse possible. Central, calme, tout accessible à pieds,à la fois du Marais, de Montmartre et d'Opéra et Grands Magasins. Métro Ligne 7, bus, velib´, autolib´. Je suis disponible h24 par téléphone ou mail. Central, calme, tout accessible à pieds,à la fois du Marais, de Montmartre et d'Opera. Métro Ligne 7, bus, velib´, autolib´.
6112	If you are visiting to Paris for your business trip, for an interview, international transfer student, tourists, and you are looking for a studio to sleep, then this is the right place for you to take nap and sleep easy and well. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The apartment is peaceful, modern, brightful and very well located.  Indeed you are in the heart of Paris : In the 9° District, near to Printemps Hausseman, Opéra and Railway Station Saint Lazare.  Subway Line:(phone number hidden), RER E/ RER A for Disneyland.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ You will have a 26 square meters studio, with a double bed, a bathroom well equiped with a bath. Very high ceiling,  renovated, fully white. Very quiet and very bright!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is ideally located close to all facilities: Mono	If you are visiting to Paris for your business trip, for an interview, international transfer student, tourists, and you are looking for a studio to sleep, then this is the right place for you to take nap and sleep easy and well. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The apartment is peaceful, modern, brightful and very well located.  Indeed you are in the heart of Paris : In the 9° District, near to Printemps Hausseman, Opéra and Railway Station Saint Lazare.  Subway Line:(phone number hidden), RER E/ RER A for Disneyland.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ You will have a 26 square meters studio, with a double bed, a bathroom well equiped with a bath. Very high ceiling,  renovated, fully white. Very quiet and very bright!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is ideally located close to all facilities: Mono
6113	Montmartre and Opéra neighborhood !! Bright  and   cozy  small studio apartment located in the heart  of Paris,9th district very trendy and safe area;   Montmartre , Opéra, Canal Saint  Martin,and rue des Martyrs  within 10mn   walk.  Gare du Nord, Gare de l’Est within walking distance it’s a good balance of hip and funky sides of Paris the Main railways station around , the direct RER B to the airoport (stop is  10mn by walk ) nearest  subway station ,1mn  walk Good bakeries and many supermarket  around .a lot of new cafés , restaurant and shops are now located in the neighborhood and the famous Galerie Lafayette and Printemps are just 2stops away from home or 15mn away by walk ..this is for the shopaholics :)!! as sightseeing and cultural places ; the Opéra is 15 mn away by walk, Montmartre  and Pigalle( Moulin Rouge) are really nearby and the Louvre is just 10mns by subway ( you don't have to transfer the line is direct from home) As you see you are really in the heart of Paris But 	Montmartre and Opéra neighborhood !! Bright  and   cozy  small studio apartment located in the heart  of Paris,9th district very trendy and safe area;   Montmartre , Opéra, Canal Saint  Martin,and rue des Martyrs  within 10mn   walk.  Gare du Nord, Gare de l’Est within walking distance it’s a good balance of hip and funky sides of Paris the Main railways station around , the direct RER B to the airoport (stop is  10mn by walk ) nearest  subway station ,1mn  walk Good bakeries and many supermarket  around .a lot of new cafés , restaurant and shops are now located in the neighborhood and the famous Galerie Lafayette and Printemps are just 2stops away from home or 15mn away by walk ..this is for the shopaholics :)!! as sightseeing and cultural places ; the Opéra is 15 mn away by walk, Montmartre  and Pigalle( Moulin Rouge) are really nearby and the Louvre is just 10mns by subway ( you don't have to transfer the line is direct from home) As you see you are really in the heart of Paris But 
6114		Thanks to not ask if less than 6 nights... thanks you!!
6115	Apartment in a private residence rue Ballu, near Moulin rouge, Montmartre and the Galleries Lafayettes. Very quiet Very large living room, with a queen size sofa bed (top quality), a large falt screen TV, with cable and wifi, a dining table for 6, and a small terrasse. Fully equipped kitchen, with stove, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, toaster, kettle, fridge, freezer, dishwasher and washing machine with a separated dryer The master bedroom has a queen size bed and an ensuite bathroom, with bath and shower The second bedroom, has a queen size bed and a flat screen TV The second bathroom has a nice shower room, the second toilet is separated from the bathroom	89sqm 2BDR/2BR apt for up to 6 guests, rue Ballu near Moulin Rouge, the Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre - great cpnnections to the whole city! Entirely refurbished and fully equipped with quality furnitures. Ground Floor apartment with a terrace. Apartment in a private residence rue Ballu, near Moulin rouge, Montmartre and the Galleries Lafayettes. Very quiet Very large living room, with a queen size sofa bed (top quality), a large falt screen TV, with cable and wifi, a dining table for 6, and a small terrasse. Fully equipped kitchen, with stove, oven, microwave, nespresso machine, toaster, kettle, fridge, freezer, dishwasher and washing machine with a separated dryer The master bedroom has a queen size bed and an ensuite bathroom, with bath and shower The second bedroom, has a queen size bed and a flat screen TV The second bathroom has a nice shower room, the second toilet is separated from the bathroom Check-in will be at the apartment Towels and linen provided by a profesionnal la
6116	"Magnificent apartment ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive and woodfloor, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""the louvre"", moulin rouge , opéra, pigalle, the sacré coeur etc... This apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with  TV , a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with cook(cooker), oven, refrigerator, wash dishes(crockery), coffee machine, toaster, kettle, dishes(crockery) etc.... On the  first room the master bedroom with a double bed which can welcome 2 people, arrangements, a  TV  and very bright. A 2nd room with a sofa could be a bed which can welcome 2 people and arrangements. The bathroom, the new outing of a shower cubi"	"Magnificent apartment, very luminous and located very close of the OPERA, THE LOUVRE, MOULIN ROUGE, Montmartre etc... This apartment is entirely equipped and nine for an optimal comfort during your stay in paris Magnificent apartment ultra modern due to all its material (equipment) last generation, and traditional due to sound attractive and woodfloor, its window and its exposed beams, this apartment will bring you all the necessary comfort to feel(smell) you as the Parisian truth in its cosy nest.  Ideally situated, right in the heart of Paris a few steps away from the big places history Parisian, (""the louvre"", moulin rouge , opéra, pigalle, the sacré coeur etc... This apartment consists of a big and comfortable stay with  TV , a sofa bed which can welcome 2 people with a real bed very comfortable. A cooking(kitchen) any outing with cook(cooker), oven, refrigerator, wash dishes(crockery), coffee machine, toaster, kettle, dishes(crockery) etc.... On the  first room the master bedroom "
6117	It is a old fashion flat, with tiles on the floors.  It has a superb wiew on Montmartre from all the rooms in the flat !  And it is in the heart of Pigalle and Montmartre.	"A very cosy and charming 50 sqm flat with an amazing view over Montmartre. It is located in Sopi next to the heart of Montmartre and Pigalle. Le Sacré Coeur is 5 min away on foot. It is a old fashion flat, with tiles on the floors.  It has a superb wiew on Montmartre from all the rooms in the flat !  And it is in the heart of Pigalle and Montmartre. Internet Dishwasher Washing machine and dryer Bedsheets provided The flat is 10 min away from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. The metro station is ""Anvers"" on line number 2."
6118	Modern design meets old Parisian charm in this centrally located apartment. Perfect for enjoying the best that Paris has to offer in one of the city's trendiest neighborhoods. In addition to being walking distance to major attractions, at night the area is lively with bars and restaurants. You'll have some of the best bistros in Paris at your doorstep along with the hippest bars in up-and-coming neighborhoods like SoPi (South Pigalle) and Strasbourg Saint Denis.  The apartment features original wooden floors and fireplaces, a large sunny living room, eat in kitchen, and a private bedroom that faces a courtyard for peaceful nights of sleep. On the 5th floor with an elevator, the apartment is decorated with mid-century modern pieces and beautiful antiques that previously belonged to a French Marquis. For those interested in cooking, the kitchen is fully equipped with everything you'll need and is a great base to explore the local markets of Paris. Rue Montorgueil and Rue Cadet are nearby	Large apartment in trendy neighborhood in the center of Paris. Walking distance to the Louvre, Palais Royale, Opera, and Tuilleries Gardens. Modern design meets old Parisian charm in this centrally located apartment. Perfect for enjoying the best that Paris has to offer in one of the city's trendiest neighborhoods. In addition to being walking distance to major attractions, at night the area is lively with bars and restaurants. You'll have some of the best bistros in Paris at your doorstep along with the hippest bars in up-and-coming neighborhoods like SoPi (South Pigalle) and Strasbourg Saint Denis.  The apartment features original wooden floors and fireplaces, a large sunny living room, eat in kitchen, and a private bedroom that faces a courtyard for peaceful nights of sleep. On the 5th floor with an elevator, the apartment is decorated with mid-century modern pieces and beautiful antiques that previously belonged to a French Marquis. For those interested in cooking, the kitchen is f
6119		Beautifully kept apartment with lift on 4th floor with large windows and perfect location for a parisian stay. Enjoy the sights of Montmartre only moments away..Sacre Couer, Place du Tetre, Moulin Rouge. Metro stops & cafes are at your doorstep You will have use of the apartment for your stay, complete privacy For longer stays there is additional cleaning and housekeeping available during your stay at a small extra cost if you would like a change of linen etc. This can be arranged prior to or on check in. I am available to help you figure out how to get around to the places you'd like to see in Paris and to help with any other queries about your stay Montmartre is a wonderful neighbourhood. It has a local feel with cobbled streets, quaint cafes, markets and boutiques. Sit at a cafe in the Place du Tetre and watch the world go by. This is where artists gather at the square and paint. You can have your portrait painted here or look for something unique to take back with you. Many famous 
6120	I sublet my beloved cosy appartment in the 9th arrondissement while I am travelling. The apartment is typical parisian XIXth century and is located in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Montmartre. It has a big living room, chimney, mouldings, and old-style parquet, one bedroom. And a beautiful balcony to take your aperitif over the Rue des Martyrs with sun during the whole afternoon.  The appartment is a 50 m2 studio with separate kitchen and bathroom, at the fifth floor with lift. Non-smokers only (you can smoke on the balcony). No TV but good Wifi. Dishwasher, Washing mashine, Microwave. What I love the most about my place: - the balcony!  - the calm bedroom  - a big living room with lot of light - the neighbourhood	Typical well decorated 19th french flat in the charming and famous Rue des Martyrs with parquet, old cheminey and most of all a charming balcony with sun during the whole afternoon. I have also a separated mini studio upstairs available (+40eu) I sublet my beloved cosy appartment in the 9th arrondissement while I am travelling. The apartment is typical parisian XIXth century and is located in the heart of Paris, 5 minutes walking from Montmartre. It has a big living room, chimney, mouldings, and old-style parquet, one bedroom. And a beautiful balcony to take your aperitif over the Rue des Martyrs with sun during the whole afternoon.  The appartment is a 50 m2 studio with separate kitchen and bathroom, at the fifth floor with lift. Non-smokers only (you can smoke on the balcony). No TV but good Wifi. Dishwasher, Washing mashine, Microwave. What I love the most about my place: - the balcony!  - the calm bedroom  - a big living room with lot of light - the neighbourhood The room has a 2 p
6121		Charment appartement haussmannien de 65m2 en plein centre de Paris. Il comprend 1 chambre spacieuse et un grand salon. Il est situé dans une rue calme à deux pas de Montmartre et du Sacré Cœur. Il est idéal pour un couple. Vous aurez accès à la chambre, cuisine, salon salle de bain Tous les commerces sont à 5 min à pied: Boulangerie, Boucherie, Supermarché (DIA et Franprix), Fleuriste, Épicerie, Épicerie italienne, Bar Tabac A pied:  Ligne 2 et 4 (Barbes) : 3 min Ligne 2 (Anvers): 5 min Ligne 7 (Poissonnière): 7 min Gare du Nord: 8 min
6122	Logement entièrement refait à neuf dans un immeuble Haussmanien	"Beautiful and bright studio in the heart of the 9th district of Paris, 5 minutes' walk from the store ""Galerie Lafayette "" and 10 minutes' from ""Opera"". The flat is fully equipped and comfortable, with a real wall bed. Logement entièrement refait à neuf dans un immeuble Haussmanien Un salon avec coin repas et cuisine toute équipée (micro-onde, plaque électrique, four, machine à café à dosette, bouilloire, vaisselle), salle de bain avec machine à laver et toilettes séparées. Moi-même ou un membre de ma famille sera présent pour vous accueillir et faciliter votre installation. Quartier central de paris réputé pour ses grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps) mais également son patrimoine culturel (Opéra, musée Grévin) et ses nombreux restaurants et cafés mondialement connus (Chartier, Hard Rock Café) Transport à proximité directe avec accès à 5 lignes (3, 7,9,8,12) de métro (station Opéra, Trinité, Le Peletier ou Chaussée d'Antin Lafayette). RER A à 5-10 min à pied assurant une li"
6123		My flat is fully furnished, girly and decorated with a lot of souvenirs from my last trips. It is located in a lively street full of restaurants and shops.
6124		Lovely and cosy apartment, just down Montmartre (in the famous rue des Martyrs), in a magnificent flowered courtyard including a chamber with bathroom, a living room and an open kitchen on the dining room. Perfect for a romantic stay in Paris. In an authentic parisian street just below Montmartre : best location for restaurant, shopping and tourism. Métro (lignes 2, 7, 12) Bus (30, 43, 26...)
6125	Totally independent room in a large( 90 M2)  flat: it has been recently completely renovated and has top fittings for kitchen (giant Liebherr fridge, induction heating, and oven, dishwasher ...) and bath room (double hand wash basin, special shower-bath combination). The flat has kept its typically Parisian flair, with old wood oak parquet, and carefully selected furniture. Situated in the most lively neighborhood of  Montmartre, it is yet completely silent and will allow you to relax completely after a long day of visiting. The appartement is conveniently situated on major metro (2, 10) and bus (phone number hidden)) lines - the Louvre can be reached in 20 Min by metro, Musée d'Orsay in 30 Min by bus.	Last floor, looking to Sacré Coeur. Totally silent, yet in the middle of Montmartre and its wonderful neighborhood. Great restaurants and bars, close to street markets and renowned food shops of rue Lepic and rue des Martyrs. No smoking, please.     Totally independent room in a large( 90 M2)  flat: it has been recently completely renovated and has top fittings for kitchen (giant Liebherr fridge, induction heating, and oven, dishwasher ...) and bath room (double hand wash basin, special shower-bath combination). The flat has kept its typically Parisian flair, with old wood oak parquet, and carefully selected furniture. Situated in the most lively neighborhood of  Montmartre, it is yet completely silent and will allow you to relax completely after a long day of visiting. The appartement is conveniently situated on major metro (2, 10) and bus (phone number hidden)) lines - the Louvre can be reached in 20 Min by metro, Musée d'Orsay in 30 Min by bus. The bedroom holds a king size bed (1,8
6126	Dear traveller, My home is small,  but cosy, sunny and very well located. It´s at the floor 5 without lift (so it´s good for physical exercice) The important point to stress : - There are 2 rooms (one with double bed, one with a single bed) but the one with single bed doesn´t allow privacy because it´s located between the kitchen and the main room - the bathroom is very tiny but you will have place enough to organize all your stuff - the flat is onto the courtyard  - In the bathroom, the hot water is not fully stable, so you need to play with both tap (is more disturbing in the winter, not so much in the summer) Basically my home is perfect for a young couple !!! A bit small for three people	Dear traveller, My home is small, but sunny, well laid-out with 2 separeted rooms. Ideally situated in Paris (subway Pigalle at 200 m). Quiet building but lively neighborhood. Visitors will feel comfortable in my not luxurious but cosy flat Dear traveller, My home is small,  but cosy, sunny and very well located. It´s at the floor 5 without lift (so it´s good for physical exercice) The important point to stress : - There are 2 rooms (one with double bed, one with a single bed) but the one with single bed doesn´t allow privacy because it´s located between the kitchen and the main room - the bathroom is very tiny but you will have place enough to organize all your stuff - the flat is onto the courtyard  - In the bathroom, the hot water is not fully stable, so you need to play with both tap (is more disturbing in the winter, not so much in the summer) Basically my home is perfect for a young couple !!! A bit small for three people Travellers will have access to the whole flat : - Our pers
6127	Au coeur de la rue des martyrs au milieu de tous ses commerçants, entre la basilique Montmartre et l'Opéra, venez passer un séjour dans un appartement très cosy avec tout le confort (3 doubles couchages). Idéal pour 4 personnes (2 couples ou famille) l'appartement est composé de 2 chambres, dont une ouverte sur le salon et le canapé du salon est également un couchage double de très bonne qualité. Rue très commerçante, et quartier très vivant beaucoup de restaurant de qualité à proximité. Village au coeur de Paris. Ligne de métro 12 et 2 à proximité, gare du nord et gare de l'est à 15min à pied. 	Au coeur de la rue des martyrs au milieu de tous ses commerçants, entre la basilique Montmartre et l'Opéra, venez passer un séjour dans un appartement très cosy avec tout le confort (3 doubles couchages). Idéal pour 4 personnes (2 couples ou famille) Au coeur de la rue des martyrs au milieu de tous ses commerçants, entre la basilique Montmartre et l'Opéra, venez passer un séjour dans un appartement très cosy avec tout le confort (3 doubles couchages). Idéal pour 4 personnes (2 couples ou famille) l'appartement est composé de 2 chambres, dont une ouverte sur le salon et le canapé du salon est également un couchage double de très bonne qualité. Rue très commerçante, et quartier très vivant beaucoup de restaurant de qualité à proximité. Village au coeur de Paris. Ligne de métro 12 et 2 à proximité, gare du nord et gare de l'est à 15min à pied. Rue très commerçante, et quartier très vivant beaucoup de restaurants de qualité à proximité. Village au coeur de Paris. Ligne de métro 12 et 2 à p
6128		2 rooms apartment located right in the heart of Paris. Atypical, very brigh with a loft feel ; exposed beams and terracotta floor. Close to all the touristic sites such as Montmartre, Louvre museum and Galeries Lafayette.
6129	Apartment of 100 m3 completely renovated in 2013 with all the comforts.  Little overlooked and lots of light with balcony in every room, it is located on the 4th floor with over elevator, security code and intercom.  The apartment is composed of:  • A large living / dining room open to the kitchen.  • 3 bedrooms with cupboards:  - Parental Bedroom 1 (double bed 180x200)  - Bedroom 2 (single bed 90x200)  - Bedroom 3 (2 single beds 90x200 or 180x200 double bed)  • 2 bathrooms  • separate WC	Apartment of 100 m3 completely renovated in 2013 with all the comforts.  Little overlooked and lots of light with balcony in every room, it is located on the 4th floor with over elevator, security code and intercom.  The apartment is composed of:  • A large living / dining room open to the kitchen.  • 3 bedrooms with cupboards:  - Parental Bedroom 1 (double bed 180x200)  - Bedroom 2 (single bed 90x200)  - Bedroom 3 (2 single beds 90x200 or 180x200 double bed)  • 2 bathrooms  • separate WC All appliances are new and available (induction hob, oven, microwave, dishwasher, espresso, kettle, toaster, washing machine, dryer, hair dryer ...) We will not be present during the holidays, but only upon arrival and departure to exchange keys.  A bottle of rosé is spawning to welcome and guides Paris will be available.  We can intervene if there is any problem. The apartment is in the heart of Pigalle,  said SOPI (South Pigalle), everything is next to ...  DAY:  - Montmartre is a 15 min walk  - Gal
6130	Your bedroom : *************** - 12 m² (38ft²) - large windows - large bed (140 x 190) - wifi - Just next to your room, private bathroom and toilet. The apartment **************** - 96 m² (315ft²) - 3 bedrooms, living room with 2 balconies, kitchen (fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, toaster, microwave, etc.) ; 2 bathrooms ; 2 toilets - wifi ; tv (living room) ; washing machine ; dryer ; etc. - 5th floor (with elevator) - Concierge	I will leave Paris 2 months and half (1st august ~ oct 30ft). Im looking for a guest to rent my bedroom. I have 2 very nice roomates, Kevin and Alvaro (they speak english and spanish).They will be very happy to talk and help you during your travel ! Your bedroom : *************** - 12 m² (38ft²) - large windows - large bed (140 x 190) - wifi - Just next to your room, private bathroom and toilet. The apartment **************** - 96 m² (315ft²) - 3 bedrooms, living room with 2 balconies, kitchen (fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machine, toaster, microwave, etc.) ; 2 bathrooms ; 2 toilets - wifi ; tv (living room) ; washing machine ; dryer ; etc. - 5th floor (with elevator) - Concierge full access We will be more than happy to talk with you :) The location is amazing !!! Our neighborhood is nice (we could show you some very nice place just near the apartment) and really safe. You can get several Metro station (less than 5 minutes by walk) : Richelieu-Drouot (line 8 and 9)
6131		Deux-pièces sous les toits, accueillant, douillet et typique ! Peut loger une ou deux personnes et est très central, à deux pas de la place Pigalle et du métro (lignes 2 et 12). 
6132	very smal flat, charming, yu will find every thing yu need (fridg, kitchnette, microwaves, bed 2 persons, small shower,  best for students, open mind, globe trotters people,  that's not Hilton hotel !!!	small studio, very small, i insit, but charming, clean, quiet, double bed, kitchen corner and fridge, shower (small too !!),  good property, located st georges district (between opéra and Pigalle/montmartre) all facilities and shopping, very smal flat, charming, yu will find every thing yu need (fridg, kitchnette, microwaves, bed 2 persons, small shower,  best for students, open mind, globe trotters people,  that's not Hilton hotel !!! wifi,  bed-linens and toilets warm (and cold !! ) water ! (lol) and many smiles !!! thanks to precise, if possible, your arrival and departure time ! that s easy to organise the different jurney of the guests, and may be will help to welcome yu before 2 pm, early morning... moulin rouge, Montmartre, abbesses, big stores (printemps, galerie Lafayette) opéra re very close easy walk (15-20 mn) to louvres museum, palais royal, to monmartre, to Pompidou museum, to concorde champs elysées,  very easy to come : Metro : line 2 Pigalle, or line 12 saint georges M
6133	"Studio atypique avec rotonde et poutre apparente. Très calme donnant sur cours intérieure. Situé dans quartier animé, à 2 min à pied du métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12). L'un des quartiers les plus animé et fréquenté de Paris ""by night"": clubs, bars, restaurants à volonté en bas de la maison! Véritable vie de quartier en journée: tranquillité et plénitude assurées!  Métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12)  Arrêt de bus dans la rue à la sortie de l'immeuble. L'un des quartiers les plus animé et fréquenté de Paris ""by night"": clubs, bars, restaurants à volonté en bas de la maison! Véritable vie de quartier en journée: tranquillité et plénitude assurées!  Métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12)  Arrêt de bus dans la rue à la sortie de l'immeuble."	"30m2, en plein coeur du 9ème, à mi chemin entre métro Pigalle (l.2/l.12) et St-Georges (l.12). Situé dans cours intérieure, très calme. Est constitué d'un salon avec couchage mezzanine sur poutre apparente, d'une cuisine et d'une salle de bain. Studio atypique avec rotonde et poutre apparente. Très calme donnant sur cours intérieure. Situé dans quartier animé, à 2 min à pied du métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12). L'un des quartiers les plus animé et fréquenté de Paris ""by night"": clubs, bars, restaurants à volonté en bas de la maison! Véritable vie de quartier en journée: tranquillité et plénitude assurées!  Métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12)  Arrêt de bus dans la rue à la sortie de l'immeuble. L'un des quartiers les plus animé et fréquenté de Paris ""by night"": clubs, bars, restaurants à volonté en bas de la maison! Véritable vie de quartier en journée: tranquillité et plénitude assurées!  Métro Pigalle (l.2 / l.12) et St. Georges (l.12)  Arrêt de bus dans l"
6134	Charmant appartement 3 pièces de 53 mètres carrés situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur.  En plein centre de Paris, 10 mn de Montmartre, 10 mn de la Gare du Nord, 12 mn des Galleries Lafayette et du quartier Opéra. Il est situé non loin de la rue des la rue des martyrs : boulangeries-patisseries, chocolatiers, charcuteries, boucheries, traiteurs, fromagers, marchands de vin, de fruits et légumes. Nombreux cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens, théâtres et musées, Le Moulin Rouge, La Cigale, autant de lieux où il vous sera très agréable de vous balader  ! Je me tiens à votre disposition pour vous recommander mes lieux préférés. 	Le prix indiqué comprend 2 personnes. L'appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes maximum. Une chambre lit double et une petite chambre avec un lit clic-clac très confortable. 15€ par personne supplémentaires, maximum 4 personnes au total. Charmant appartement 3 pièces de 53 mètres carrés situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur.  En plein centre de Paris, 10 mn de Montmartre, 10 mn de la Gare du Nord, 12 mn des Galleries Lafayette et du quartier Opéra. Il est situé non loin de la rue des la rue des martyrs : boulangeries-patisseries, chocolatiers, charcuteries, boucheries, traiteurs, fromagers, marchands de vin, de fruits et légumes. Nombreux cafés et restaurants typiquement parisiens, théâtres et musées, Le Moulin Rouge, La Cigale, autant de lieux où il vous sera très agréable de vous balader  ! Je me tiens à votre disposition pour vous recommander mes lieux préférés. Appartement agréable et très calme comprenant une chambre lit-double, et une deuxième petite chambre avec canapé conv
6135	Located in the heart of Paris, halfway between Montmartre and the Louvre, close to Galeries Lafayette and Opéra, this scozy studio for 2 people will allow you to enjoy Paris in very good conditions. 	Located in the heart of Paris, halfway between Montmartre and the Louvre, close to Galeries Lafayette and Opéra, this scozy studio for 2 people will allow you to enjoy Paris in very good conditions. Located in the heart of Paris, halfway between Montmartre and the Louvre, close to Galeries Lafayette and Opéra, this scozy studio for 2 people will allow you to enjoy Paris in very good conditions. 
6136	Nestled in the heart of Paris in the 9th district, just minutes from the famous Montmartre and the shopping district of the Opera. We offer a cozy studio renovated and tastefully decorated. We are sure that you will quickly feel at home. The boulevards where many bars and restaurants will soon be accessible via the Faubourg Montmartre is a short stride from the apartment. Housing: Cozy gay you can find a place to live. We wanted to put a few touches of color to the joie de vivre that characterizes us you is transmitted. You will find a fully equipped kitchen, two very comfortable armchairs and a real double bed with a mattress shape memory. To warm up your back from a stroll, we find an electric fireplace. A small bathroom is located in a cozy corner of the apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) and offers a beautiful view of the famous Paris rooftops. The district: The fame of the 9th is more to do. You stay in a lively district where the quality and variety of res	Nestled in the heart of Paris in the 9th district, just minutes from the famous Montmartre and the shopping district of the Opera. We offer a cozy studio renovated and tastefully decorated. We are sure that you will quickly feel at home. The boulevards where many bars and restaurants will soon be accessible via the Faubourg Montmartre is a short stride from the apartment. Housing: Cozy gay you can find a place to live. We wanted to put a few touches of color to the joie de vivre that characterizes us you is transmitted. You will find a fully equipped kitchen, two very comfortable armchairs and a real double bed with a mattress shape memory. To warm up your back from a stroll, we find an electric fireplace. A small bathroom is located in a cozy corner of the apartment. The apartment is on the 5th floor (no elevator) and offers a beautiful view of the famous Paris rooftops. The district: The fame of the 9th is more to do. You stay in a lively district where the quality and variety of res
6137	Pour tous vos déplacements, de nombreuses lignes de métro à proximité (2 à 5mn à pied). Idéal pour le shopping, vous avez dans un rayon de 15 mn à pied, la Place Vendôme, l'Opéra Garnier, Colette, différents théatres (Mogador, Olympia, Edouard VII). Si vous aimez vous balader à pied, en ajoutant quelques minutes, vous serez au Louvre, à la comédie française, ou sur la place de la Condorde et les Champs Elysées.	Idéalement placé pour visiter Paris ou faire du shopping. Dans un ancien hôtel particulier avec sa cour privative, studio lumineux et confortable. Very close to Opéra Garnier, this studio is located in old private mansion. Comfortable and bright. Pour tous vos déplacements, de nombreuses lignes de métro à proximité (2 à 5mn à pied). Idéal pour le shopping, vous avez dans un rayon de 15 mn à pied, la Place Vendôme, l'Opéra Garnier, Colette, différents théatres (Mogador, Olympia, Edouard VII). Si vous aimez vous balader à pied, en ajoutant quelques minutes, vous serez au Louvre, à la comédie française, ou sur la place de la Condorde et les Champs Elysées. Le studio est au 3ème étage de l'immeuble. Petite copropriété de 7 logements et bureaux. Accés sécurisé par un bip.
6138		Turn around the corner from a world-famous Grand Boulevads and Galeries Lafayette and you are here. Located on the last 6th floor, with elevator,  it has no neighbors who walking above you, very quiet and bright, overlooking a very quiet courtyard. Small but lovely studio in a great location - martyrs, montmartre, Opera. With a view on a parisian roofs. Line 12, subway saint georges. It have a folding bed, for one or two people, kitchen, bathroom with a shower and warm welcoming at any time.
6139	Welcome to one of the most central apartments in Paris. This 40m2 apartment is situated in a secure and shopping district. It offers the perfect base from which to explore Paris. On the 3rd floor with elevator, this apartment is ideally located in a quiet building. 	The apartment is situated within 10 Minutes walk from Champs-Élysées, Opéra, Haussmann shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), and Place de la Concorde. Le Louvre Museum and LeJardin des Tuileries about 20 minutes walk. Welcome to one of the most central apartments in Paris. This 40m2 apartment is situated in a secure and shopping district. It offers the perfect base from which to explore Paris. On the 3rd floor with elevator, this apartment is ideally located in a quiet building. The apartment is situated within 10 Minutes walk from Champs-Élysées, Opéra, Haussmann shopping district (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps), and Place de la Concorde. Le Louvre Museum and LeJardin des Tuileries about 20 minutes walk. Well suited to a couple, you can get to the metro station Madeleine (5min walk) Line 8, 12 and 14, and Concorde station (8min walk) Line 1 and 12. The apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after each guest and towels are supplied. We want to make sure that y
6140	Mon appartement fait 55m2 à Trinité.  C'est un Appartement meublé tout équipé, avec 1 vraie chambre (15m2) et un beau séjour ouvert sur le bar et la cuisine. Appartement de charme et de caractère, Ancien relai de la Poste il dispose de très beau placard en bois et poutre apparente. Refait à Neuf en 2013, il est spacieux, lumineux et calme Le lit est très confortable, il y a une vraie salle de bain avec baignoire. Le séjour est ouvert sur une grande fenêtre. Situé dans le quarter de la Trinité vous êtes proche à la fois de la gare st Lazare, des grands Magasins, d'Opéra. L'endroit convient parfaitement à un couple sans ou avec enfant. Disposant d'un canapé lit dans le séjour et d'une belle chambre avec (website hidden), dvd, hifi, une machine a laver (vaisselle et linge), connexion internet haut debit, vraie four, 4 plaques à inductions, un grand frigidaire et congélateur. Proche de tout commerces,boulangerie, supermarché, bar , restaurant, cinema... A 5 min à pieds d'Opera, Pigalle, Sa	Appartement de 55 m2 avec une chambre, une salle de bain (baignoire) et un salon (canapé lit) cuisine ouverte équipé (lave linge, lave vaisselle, TV écran plat, internet, wifi…) avec beau bar. Cet appartement est très bien placé Gds Magasins,Théâtres Mon appartement fait 55m2 à Trinité.  C'est un Appartement meublé tout équipé, avec 1 vraie chambre (15m2) et un beau séjour ouvert sur le bar et la cuisine. Appartement de charme et de caractère, Ancien relai de la Poste il dispose de très beau placard en bois et poutre apparente. Refait à Neuf en 2013, il est spacieux, lumineux et calme Le lit est très confortable, il y a une vraie salle de bain avec baignoire. Le séjour est ouvert sur une grande fenêtre. Situé dans le quarter de la Trinité vous êtes proche à la fois de la gare st Lazare, des grands Magasins, d'Opéra. L'endroit convient parfaitement à un couple sans ou avec enfant. Disposant d'un canapé lit dans le séjour et d'une belle chambre avec (website hidden), dvd, hifi, une machi
6141	Great and colored 95m2 flat between gare du Nord and Monmartre, 6th floor no lift - nice views to Sacré Coeur from mezzanine large window and very quiet surrounding as all apartment is on backyard of building. 3 rooms plus one on mezzanine so we can welcome up to 6 guests. Fully equiped plus books, piano, music...	Enjoy our 4 bedroom flat (one room on mezzanine) with a high ceiling and large living area, calm, light and sunny, on the 6th floor,no lift, of a backyard building.  All furnished, fully fitted kitchen, it can welcome an entire family up 5/7 guests Great and colored 95m2 flat between gare du Nord and Monmartre, 6th floor no lift - nice views to Sacré Coeur from mezzanine large window and very quiet surrounding as all apartment is on backyard of building. 3 rooms plus one on mezzanine so we can welcome up to 6 guests. Fully equiped plus books, piano, music... 2mn walk to Barbés or Anvers metro , 5mn to Montmartre and 10 to Pigalle. Also very close from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est if you arrive by train from England or Roissy airport. Many buses lines (Trocadero, Eiffel Tower, Palais-Royal) around and Velib stations. The 9th is one of the most lively area in Paris, trendy and with a pretty good choice of restaurants, bars and places to visit (Montmartre is just 500m).  Go to Brasserie
6142	This 90 m2, very quiet, spacious and haussmanian is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the trendy 'South Pigalle' neighborhood, between the Moulin Rouge and the Place Saint Georges. The apartment is located on the first floor of a peaceful building (built back in 19th century). The apartment includes: a completely equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, stove, oven, grill, machine, toaster) ; a large 20m2 living/dining room equipped with a large sofa, a table for 6, a fireplace and two French window to the courtyard. The flat offers 2 rooms, each offering a double bed and some storage. A bathroom includes a bath, a sink and a washing machine. The toilets are separate. At your disposal: Wifi, TV, Playstation and sound system. Thanks to its new restaurants, bars and terraces, the neighborhood was recently branded as SoPi (South Pigalle). It develops an arty, Bohemian and festive spirit. Once playground of Toulouse Lautrec and George Sand, 	2 sweet rooms with storage and double beds available in the most trendy district of Paris - bars, restaurant, museums -. You can do everything walking! No need to take public transportation! This 90 m2, very quiet, spacious and haussmanian is located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, in the heart of the trendy 'South Pigalle' neighborhood, between the Moulin Rouge and the Place Saint Georges. The apartment is located on the first floor of a peaceful building (built back in 19th century). The apartment includes: a completely equipped kitchen (fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, stove, oven, grill, machine, toaster) ; a large 20m2 living/dining room equipped with a large sofa, a table for 6, a fireplace and two French window to the courtyard. The flat offers 2 rooms, each offering a double bed and some storage. A bathroom includes a bath, a sink and a washing machine. The toilets are separate. At your disposal: Wifi, TV, Playstation and sound system. Thanks to its new restaur
6143	"We rent our cute and cosy appartment in Paris, just in front of the Sacré Cœur ! If you're looking for a romantic stay in Paris, party or just catching the spirit of Montmartre, you've found the best place to stay. - 35 m2 (11 sqft), 6th floor (with incredible view), 2 rooms - 1 Bedroom with a double bed (queen), bed linen and towels included - 1 living room with opened kitchen (with everything you need to cook) - Washing machine, Disher (all you can need) - Cable TV, Internet, Wifi, Playstation 3 - Quiet, the building has an elevator - Pay Parking Vinci at 100 meters. It's in the perfect area to visit Paris : - Just in front of Montmartre, you'll see the incredible view on the Sacré Coeur and visit the hill very easily. - 5 minutes to Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, great nightclubs & bars - You'll find all kind of accomodation, street market, flea market - Nearby ""Rue des Martyrs"" & ""Rue Lepic""  where you can buy the best food - Many restaurants (french, italian, japanese, chinese, indian"	"We rent our cute and cosy appartment in Paris, just in front of the Sacré Cœur ! If you're looking for a romantic stay in Paris, party or just catching the spirit of Montmartre, you've found the best place to stay. - 35 m2 (11 sqft), 6th floor (with incredible view), 2 rooms - 1 Bedroom with a double bed (queen), bed linen and towels included - 1 living room with opened kitchen (with everything you need to cook) - Washing machine, Disher (all you can need) - Cable TV, Internet, Wifi, Playstation 3 - Quiet, the building has an elevator - Pay Parking Vinci at 100 meters. It's in the perfect area to visit Paris : - Just in front of Montmartre, you'll see the incredible view on the Sacré Coeur and visit the hill very easily. - 5 minutes to Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, great nightclubs & bars - You'll find all kind of accomodation, street market, flea market - Nearby ""Rue des Martyrs"" & ""Rue Lepic""  where you can buy the best food - Many restaurants (french, italian, japanese, chinese, indian"
6144	Lovely cosy nest under the roofs located on 6th floor with lift of a typical period parisian building in the charming & cosmopolite Montmartre area, steps from Sacre Coeur with its unique romantic view on Paris, lively village atmosphere of Abbesses and famous Pigalle. This 28sqm 1 bedroom is composed of a living room with equipped open kitchen (combined micro wave, stove, air extractor, fridge, washer, kitchenware, dining table and chairs, a convertible soba bed that sleeps 2, a flat screen with Internet TV and wifi connection. Through it's window and small balcony it overlooks parisian roofs and top part of famous Sacre Coeur Church alighted at night.  The bedroom features a double bed, a large cupboard and a desk. The bathroom is equipped with shower cabin and the toilets are separated.  The location is perfect, close to very nice Rue de Trudaine, world famous Sacre Choeur church with it's unique romantic view on Paris, lively Abesses village atmosphere and bustling Pigalle.  Restau	Cosy nest under the roofs in the charming & cosmopolite Montmartre area with its Sacre Coeur Basilic, lively Abbesses streets and famous Pigalle. The good apartment layout and equipement makes you feel home instantly and stay connected with wifi. Lovely cosy nest under the roofs located on 6th floor with lift of a typical period parisian building in the charming & cosmopolite Montmartre area, steps from Sacre Coeur with its unique romantic view on Paris, lively village atmosphere of Abbesses and famous Pigalle. This 28sqm 1 bedroom is composed of a living room with equipped open kitchen (combined micro wave, stove, air extractor, fridge, washer, kitchenware, dining table and chairs, a convertible soba bed that sleeps 2, a flat screen with Internet TV and wifi connection. Through it's window and small balcony it overlooks parisian roofs and top part of famous Sacre Coeur Church alighted at night.  The bedroom features a double bed, a large cupboard and a desk. The bathroom is equipped w
6145	Magnifique deux pièces très lumineux et tout equipé, à 10 min du Sacré Coeur.	Deux pieces lumineux sur les toits de Paris dans un quartier brancg2
6146	"Tiny charming studio 7 m2 (75 sq ft) under the roofs of Paris... central location in the heart of Paris, 9th district. Private shower, fridge, cooking corner, fully equipped. Shared floor toilets. Located on the 6th floor - no lift! Comfortable bed for one person 80 cm x 200 cm (31.5in large) - ""stretchable"" for two ""lovers"" (47in large - 120 cm). Ideal for a short city break."	"Tiny studio (7m2/75sq ft) in central location in the heart of Paris, 9th district rue La Fayette. (6th floor no lift). Clean & cute, fully equipped. Shared floor toilets. 15 min walk to Opera Garnier, Louvre, Sacré Coeur, Gare du Nord Station. Tiny charming studio 7 m2 (75 sq ft) under the roofs of Paris... central location in the heart of Paris, 9th district. Private shower, fridge, cooking corner, fully equipped. Shared floor toilets. Located on the 6th floor - no lift! Comfortable bed for one person 80 cm x 200 cm (31.5in large) - ""stretchable"" for two ""lovers"" (47in large - 120 cm). Ideal for a short city break. The room is self-contained, (independent access); there is no lift; secured access (door codes); internet Wifi; check-in from 3pm -  check-out before 12pm (noon) informations about Paris, sightseeing, events, exhibitions, restaurants, cafés, bars, bistros, shopping... Central location in the heart of Paris Opéra Garnier/ Grands Boulevards, 9th district, in the famous shoppi"
6147		"Superb renovated apartment , located in the heart of Paris district ""Grands Boulevards"" Cinema , Department Store , Galeries Lafayette , cafe, restaurant and ideal UN Access To visit the Most Beautiful Landmark ( Notre Dame, the Champs Elysees .. . ) . You will find the United Nations exceptional comfort calm A deco design equipped kitchen towels and linens are available. See you very soon ..."
6148		Charmant studio refais a neuf, spacieux, avec une grande cuisine. Situé à deux pas du Printemps et des gares saint lazare et Auber et de très nombreux métros. Idéal pour une ou deux personnes pour visiter Paris.
6149	In the heart  of the 9th district, in almost pedestrian street, between central grands boulevards and the trendy rue des martyrs, top floor 95 square meter (about 1020 square feet), recently renovated appartement. Large fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and cosy living room with closed fireplace (38 sqm),  4m20 high ceilings. The confortable new sofa bed can be used for occasional sleeping (140 cm mastress). Upon the kitchen, one mezzanine with roof window, TV and 2 people bed (access by  fixed ladder). On the other side of the appartement, one confortable bathroom totally made of wood with a big bathtub, equipped with a washing machine and a dryer. Toilets in seperate room. The first big room has a mezzanine with king size bed and a big desk. The other one is a big children's room that can be transformed in a bedroom for to adults. Baby sleeping and equipment provided. Towels, sheets and high-speed wireless internet provided.  Very warm and cosy place. There is no lift, then you 	In the heart  of the 9th district, in almost pedestrian street, between central grands boulevards and the trendy rue des martyrs, top floor 95 square meter (about 1020 square feet), recently renovated appartement. Large fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and cosy living room with closed fireplace (38 sqm),  4m20 high ceilings. The confortable new sofa bed can be used for occasional sleeping (140 cm mastress). Upon the kitchen, one mezzanine with roof window, TV and 2 people bed (access by  fixed ladder). On the other side of the appartement, one confortable bathroom totally made of wood with a big bathtub, equipped with a washing machine and a dryer. Toilets in seperate room. The first big room has a mezzanine with king size bed and a big desk. The other one is a big children's room that can be transformed in a bedroom for to adults. Baby sleeping and equipment provided. Towels, sheets and high-speed wireless internet provided.  Very warm and cosy place. There is no lift, then you 
6150	Le logement est loué entier, vous serez donc seul à en profiter. Il est très calme, même fenêtre ouverte, vous pourrez profiter du beau temps du matin au soir sans bruit. Il y a une connection wifi, une television, un système audio ainsi qu'un lave linge et un lave vaiselle. Au 4eme étage (avec ascenceur) et sans vis à vis direct, il est très lumineux et très agréable. Idéalement placé, il est à côté des grands magasins (Galeries Lafayettes et Printemps) de Opéra et de la Madelaine. Vous pouvez vous rendre au Louvre, à Concorde, au Tuileries, au champs Elysées ou au Sacré Coeur en moins de 20minutes à pied.  Vous disposez aussi de 7 lignes de métro et de 2 RER à moins de 5min a pied pour vous rendre partout sur Paris.	Very well located appartment, with bathroom, kitchen and wc, all seperate. Walking distances: 1 to 5min: 7 metro lines, Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps, Opera Garnier. 15min: Tuileries, Louvres. 20min: Montmartre
6151	Ultra calme.	2 chambres, Salon/Salle à Manger, Cuisine, dans un quartier de musiciens et artiste. Ascenseur. Immeuble bourgeois. 70m². Ultra calme. Ascenseur. Bons bistrots parisiens non touristiques. Le vrai Panam. Taxi, Bus, Métro à moins de 50m. Cuisine réellement équipée, si vous aimez cuisiner il y a de quoi faire.
6152		Amazing two bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris, right near Montmartre. Location is perfect for exploring Paris: just 1 minute from Cadet Station, and five minutes from Notre Dame de Lorette station.  The location is very central, The apartment is right next to the Opéra and galeries Lafayette, where you can both shop or visit. You are also right next to Grand boulevards and Rue des Martyrs where you have a lot of great bars, clubs and restaurants. And you are also very close to Montmartre and Pigalle (you can go by foot - 15min). M7 Cadet M12 Notre Dame de Lorette M8-9 Grands Boulevard
6153		Studio de 16  m² dans le 9éme , très central mais dans une rue calme , proche des grands boulevards . Metro à 5 mn . Un canapé -lit  , cuisine équpée , salle d'(website hidden) et wifi . Petit immeuble trés sécurisé : code d'entrée + badge seconde porte 
6154	You will have this entire Studio of 18 square meters. -2nd floor on the street -Calm (double glazing) -Towels, sheets are provided -Shower - Kitchen - WC -Typical french parquet The appartment is perfectly sized for 1 couple: => 1 bed 140cm x 190com => second bed (convertible coach) is available. It can fit 2 children or 1 adult. The size of the bed (convertible couch) is 120cmX196cm. Equipements  Bathroom with shower, wash-hand and WC  Fully equiped kitchen, Kitchen utensils, Refrigerator,  Water Boiler, Kettle, Microwave/Grill.  Bed and bathroom linen provided  Basic condiments, coffee, sugar, salt, oil...  Heating in the room and bathroom -Checkin starting from 14:00 and Checkout 12:00 -Since the photos, the TV and internet acces have been installed. I have replaced the desk and couch with a new one and installed a washing machine. The flat has been totally refurbished in June 2015. Theatre Les Grands Magasin Opera A lot of restaurants	Located between Opera and Montmartre (rue Saint Georges), this calm appartment is in a very nice and safe quarter. 100 meters from the tube station. Second floor (lift) with 2 big windows Fully equipped, Free Wifi, and TV with 120 chanels       You will have this entire Studio of 18 square meters. -2nd floor on the street -Calm (double glazing) -Towels, sheets are provided -Shower - Kitchen - WC -Typical french parquet The appartment is perfectly sized for 1 couple: => 1 bed 140cm x 190com => second bed (convertible coach) is available. It can fit 2 children or 1 adult. The size of the bed (convertible couch) is 120cmX196cm. Equipements  Bathroom with shower, wash-hand and WC  Fully equiped kitchen, Kitchen utensils, Refrigerator,  Water Boiler, Kettle, Microwave/Grill.  Bed and bathroom linen provided  Basic condiments, coffee, sugar, salt, oil...  Heating in the room and bathroom -Checkin starting from 14:00 and Checkout 12:00 -Since the photos, the TV and internet acces have been in
6155	" Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the 6rd floor (with elevator!!), typical of Haussmann architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, high ceilings, mouldings, big windows, it is composed of a lobby, a bright living room (with a magnificient view on Eiffel Tower !), a comfortable sofa bed, a dining table and 4 chairs, a bedroom with a double bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a tub and a separate WC.  It's very quiet at night, as the flat is overlooking a beautiful private courtyard and not the street.  The washing machine, an iron and ironing board will be at your disposal I will provide you  a wifi code (for free),bath towels, bed sheets and all the necessary to make your stay confortable!! Guests have access to the whole appartment. Situated in a small street 2 min away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"", it's particularly close to Mon"	" Located in the heart of the 9th district, this beautiful apartment has been decorated with an eye for detail, featuring well chosen art work and contemporary furniture.  On the 6rd floor (with elevator!!), typical of Haussmann architecture, with its elegant wooden floor, high ceilings, mouldings, big windows, it is composed of a lobby, a bright living room (with a magnificient view on Eiffel Tower !), a comfortable sofa bed, a dining table and 4 chairs, a bedroom with a double bed, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a tub and a separate WC.  It's very quiet at night, as the flat is overlooking a beautiful private courtyard and not the street.  The washing machine, an iron and ironing board will be at your disposal I will provide you  a wifi code (for free),bath towels, bed sheets and all the necessary to make your stay confortable!! Guests have access to the whole appartment. Situated in a small street 2 min away from the famous ""rue des Martyrs"", it's particularly close to Mon"
6156	Charming independent 32 m2 house on the hill of Montmartre Live like a true Parisian in your own home, quiet, in a sought after residential neighborhood 1 room on 2 floors. 2 beddings. Located in the courtyard of a very chic Haussmannian building   Available equipment: The house has just been renovated. It is located in the center of the courtyard of the building. No window overlooking the street which makes it quiet and safe. Ground floor: The house has a kitchen with gas stove, refrigerator (and freezer), oven and microwave. (No washing machine but on the same block are a dry cleaning and a laundry) A lounge with a sofa (not convertible) and a leather armchair, a coffee table converts into a dining table. (4 chairs) Basement: A bathroom with shower and toilet A room with a double bed (140 cm) Facilities and additional services: Bed linen and towels are provided Cleaning is done before and after your arrival by a professional housekeeper. Computer / hi-fi / video projector / fibre wif	Charming independent house for 2 on the hill of Montmartre Live like a true Parisian in your own home, quiet, in a sought after residential neighborhood. Located in the heart of the artistic Montmartre and the hype south Pigalle  Charming independent 32 m2 house on the hill of Montmartre Live like a true Parisian in your own home, quiet, in a sought after residential neighborhood 1 room on 2 floors. 2 beddings. Located in the courtyard of a very chic Haussmannian building   Available equipment: The house has just been renovated. It is located in the center of the courtyard of the building. No window overlooking the street which makes it quiet and safe. Ground floor: The house has a kitchen with gas stove, refrigerator (and freezer), oven and microwave. (No washing machine but on the same block are a dry cleaning and a laundry) A lounge with a sofa (not convertible) and a leather armchair, a coffee table converts into a dining table. (4 chairs) Basement: A bathroom with shower and toile
6157		Ce charmant studio de 15m² donne sur une cour, il est donc très calme, et bénéficie d'une belle luminosité grâce à sa grande fenêtre. Il est par ailleurs fonctionnel et entièrement équipé. Quartier très vivant disposant de commerces à proximité du logement. Il est situé à 2 pas de la rue des Martyrs et du Sacré Cœur.
6158	This 60m² flat is located on a private and quiet courtyard in a typical parisian building in the middle of Montmartre district. 	Discover the charm of Paris in this cosy flat located just a 100m from the Moulin Rouge in the Montmartre district!  This flat has one separated bedroom with a double bed and we can add one mattress in the living room for 1 or two persons if needed. This 60m² flat is located on a private and quiet courtyard in a typical parisian building in the middle of Montmartre district. - 1 big living room - 1 separated bedroom with double bed - 1 bathroom with a bath - 1 separated WC - 1 separated kitchen - Free Wifi We prepared a little guide book with our recommendations around the neighborhood... You will discover places where Parisians hang out!!! The appartment is really well located 2 minutes walk from the metro, a supermarket, and the Moulin Rouge in the dynamic young district of Montmartre.  There are a lot of typical restaurants and bars around. You can also reach the Grands Magasins if you walk about 10 minutes. There are also a lot of buses around the flat that will take you to le Mara
6159	You loved the movie MOULIN ROUGE ?   You want a confortable clean Lodging in one of the nicest place of Paris,  for touristic or professionnal purpose, short medium or long term, but you have a tight budget and/or you want to spend the minimum for the Lodging and save the maximum for the parisian life ?  You appreciate a READY TO START holidays ( tea coffee sugar  toilet paper towels linen provided ), as we do for our own holidays?  Our brand new studette, tiny cosy typically  under the eaves ( attic room ) at the top of a 6 stairs 200 years old parisian stone building close to the real MOULIN ROUGE,  is made for you ! Attention : no lift! It is very well organised  furnished and confortable.  Full south oriented, with an overlooked view on the parisian roofs, this nest of 17 scarred meters on the floor, owned by genuine Artists  ( former actors and dancers, now teachers ) offers a fab possibility to stay for 1 or 2 personnes ( eventually three with a baby ) in one of the most animated	Typical parisian under the eave studette, close to MOULIN ROUGE, one of the most touristic and lively place of PARIS. non stop night life. Excellent price quality ratio, for all durations ( day, week, month, year ), READY TO START holidays ( tea coff
6160	The apartement has wooden floor and is a typical calm classical parisian architecture. Each room has double bed and a cheminee, there is space for personal items. The living room, dining room kitchen and bathroom are available to use especially with the convinience of having some of the best commercant in the area right around the corner.	We offer you a beautifull calm spacious bedroom in a big 3 bedroom classical haussmanian apartement in the heart of Paris located just below Pigalle and Montmartre, steps away from rue des Martyrs. Our street in very calm and peacefull surrounded by the best area of Paris.  The apartement has wooden floor and is a typical calm classical parisian architecture. Each room has double bed and a cheminee, there is space for personal items. The living room, dining room kitchen and bathroom are available to use especially with the convinience of having some of the best commercant in the area right around the corner. You can access montmarte ( the apartement is situated right below Boulevard Rochechouard ) its 3 minutes away from the Pigalle 12 or 2 subway stop. Its situated at the corner of rue des Martyrs wich has some of the best food stores bars and clubs in the city. We are artists working internationally and looking to meet travelers. 
6161	Beautiful new apartment in the heart of Paris for 6 people !  Comfortable and well equipped, it offers peace and luxury of a very good standing building in the city center. 	Beautiful new apartment in the heart of Paris for 6 people !  Comfortable and well equipped, it offers peace and luxury of a very good standing building in the city center. Third floor with elevator Close to main attractions, restaurants and shops Beautiful new apartment in the heart of Paris for 6 people !  Comfortable and well equipped, it offers peace and luxury of a very good standing building in the city center.  Facilities:  - Elevator (3rd floor)  - Hall with a corridor  - A modern living room with a large sofa, TV, kitchen/bar US fully equipped (fridge, oven, microwave, ceramic hob, dishwasher, toaster, kettle, coffee machine ...)  - Ability to sleep in the living room (for 2 people: sofa, mattress, inflatable bed ...)  - 1st bedroom with a comfortable double bed (2 people)  - 2nd bedroom with a sofa bed (2 people)  - A bathroom with sink, toilet, shower, washing machine, heated towel holder ...  TV with cable, wireless internet (free!), ironing board, stereo...   I will stay i
6162		140 m2 réparties dans 5 grandes pièces au coeur de Paris, à deux pas des grands magasins, de la Madeleine et de la Concorde.
6163	This apartment comfortably fits two and is located on the 3 floor with elevator. It has a true Parisian feeling which combines the charm and detailing of historical building from the end of the XIX century, inner courtyard filled with plants and flowers, metal elevator, and modern furnishing. It has an open layout featuring an American kitchen, living room with sofa which could be used as an extra sleeping space, sleeping area with a double bed (queen size bed),  and a bathroom with a shower. It has been recently refurbished and it is fully equipped with modern comforts. All windows open into a quiet courtyard filled with plants and flowers.  	This flat comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet street 10 minutes walk to Montmartre. Combination of historical building with inner courtyard and modern furnishing gives it the Parisian feeling. Enjoy gourmet food, music, and art. This apartment comfortably fits two and is located on the 3 floor with elevator. It has a true Parisian feeling which combines the charm and detailing of historical building from the end of the XIX century, inner courtyard filled with plants and flowers, metal elevator, and modern furnishing. It has an open layout featuring an American kitchen, living room with sofa which could be used as an extra sleeping space, sleeping area with a double bed (queen size bed),  and a bathroom with a shower. It has been recently refurbished and it is fully equipped with modern comforts. All windows open into a quiet courtyard filled with plants and flowers.  The guest will have access to the entire apartment with all furnishings and amenities.  The guests 
6164	Une localisation parfaite pour tous les désireux de moments forts au coeur de Paris ! Situé entre l'incontournable quartier Pigalle et la butte Montmartre, et le quartier de Notre Dame de Lorette, cet appartement est parfait pour des séjours en famille ou entre amis.Son emplacement est idéal: dans un quartier animé, proche des transports (gare Saint Lazare, nombreux métros et bus), des lieux culturels (opéra, musées, theatres...), mais aussi de shoppings (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, rue des martyrs). Entièrement refait à neuf mélangeant avec gout l'esprit haussmannien et industriel, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous ! L'appartement au rez-de-chaussé est clair et sein.  Cuisine : Moderne et toute en longueur, la cuisine américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous simplifier la vie durant votre séjour : lave-vaisselle, four, micro-onde, 4 plaques électriques, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver séchante, réfrigérateur, grille-pain et tout le nécessaire à cuisine.. Salon : Un coin	Une localisation parfaite pour tous les désireux de moments forts au coeur de Paris ! Situé entre l'incontournable quartier Pigalle et la butte Montmartre, et le quartier de Notre Dame de Lorette, cet appartement est parfait pour des séjours en famille ou entre amis.Son emplacement est idéal: dans un quartier animé, proche des transports (gare Saint Lazare, nombreux métros et bus), des lieux culturels (opéra, musées, theatres...), mais aussi de shoppings (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, rue des martyrs). Entièrement refait à neuf mélangeant avec gout l'esprit haussmannien et industriel, vous vous sentirez comme chez vous ! L'appartement au rez-de-chaussé est clair et sein.  Cuisine : Moderne et toute en longueur, la cuisine américaine est entièrement équipée pour vous simplifier la vie durant votre séjour : lave-vaisselle, four, micro-onde, 4 plaques électriques, bouilloire, cafetière, machine à laver séchante, réfrigérateur, grille-pain et tout le nécessaire à cuisine.. Salon : Un coin
6165	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, in the neighborhoods of major boulevard, close to the station Peletier (7), Grands Boulevards (8.9) and Notre Dame de Lorette (12). A 10-minute walk from the Opera, Galeries Lafayette and Louvre. A nearby restaurants, bars, supermarkets, shops and caterers. This beautiful apartment with parquet floor is completely, offers all the peace and comfort you are looking for .. Located on the 3rd floor of a building with lift access, secured by a door code and an intercom. This large apartment is fully equipped with all modern comforts: fully equipped kitchen (oven, hob and dishwasher, microwave, American fridge, Nespresso coffee machine ...) - A living room with sofas, a dining table room, HD TV, cable, wifi and HIFI high quality. A fully equipped bathroom, a washing machine. A large hallway with a large library that takes you to the 3 bedrooms of the apartment: The first room overlooks a quiet courtyard, equipped with electric shutters, a Hi-Fi, a large	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, in the grands boulevards, Located 15 minutes walk from the Opera, Galeries Lafayette and Louvre. Ideally located in the heart of Paris, in the neighborhoods of major boulevard, close to the station Peletier (7), Grands Boulevards (8.9) and Notre Dame de Lorette (12). A 10-minute walk from the Opera, Galeries Lafayette and Louvre. A nearby restaurants, bars, supermarkets, shops and caterers. This beautiful apartment with parquet floor is completely, offers all the peace and comfort you are looking for .. Located on the 3rd floor of a building with lift access, secured by a door code and an intercom. This large apartment is fully equipped with all modern comforts: fully equipped kitchen (oven, hob and dishwasher, microwave, American fridge, Nespresso coffee machine ...) - A living room with sofas, a dining table room, HD TV, cable, wifi and HIFI high quality. A fully equipped bathroom, a washing machine. A large hallway with a large library that tak
6166	L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un salon, une cuisine/salle à manger, puis à l'étage une chambre, une salle de bains et des toilettes séparés. Le petit plus, un tapis de course est à votre disposition.	L'appartement est entièrement équipé avec un salon, une cuisine/salle à manger, puis à l'étage une chambre, une salle de bains et des toilettes séparés. Le petit plus, un tapis de course est à votre disposition. Télévision WIFI Lave-vaisselle Lave linge/sèche linge Tapis de course Métro 7 : Cadet Métro 8 et 9 : Grands Boulevards Gare du Nord (15 minutes à pied) Gare de l'Est (5 minutes de métro) Gare Montparnasse (ligne 12 Notre Dame de Lorette puis 10 minutes de marche) Aéroports Roissy (45 mn RER direct gare du Nord), aéroport Orly (45 mn (RER/métro)
6167		1 bedroom Apartment in a very nice neighbourhood, 5 min walk from Montmartre and Sacré Coeur church. The apartment has a large living room, a bedroom, small bathroom and a kitchen. Wifi access Parquet floor, Luminous and very calm
6168		"Located among quiet cobblestone streets of the lower 9th, in an area known to locals as St Georges, this apartment offers peace and serenity in a classic Parisian neighbourhood. Placed almost equidistant from Trinite and the Grands Magasins of Printemps and Galeries Lafayette, as well as the Sacre Coeur Cathedral, it offers one of the most exquisite living experiences in Paris. Held a secret for too long, this area was recently lauded in the New York Times Travel section, ""...Instead, head over to the Rue des Martyrs, just northeast of the Galeries Lafayette department store and southwest of the Basilica of Sacre-Coeur at Montmartre. This half-mile street, mostly uphill, is the spine of a neighborhood that offers magic in a compressed time and space."" This apartment offers the best of both worlds with a location where the Metro and the Grands Boulevards are but a mere 5 minute walk away, yet the neighbourhood surrounding it offers complete calm, tranquility and safety. Markets, restaur"
6169	L'appartement est entièrement ouvert et traversant de la cuisine au salon ; seule une cloison ouverte sépare la chambre. Idéal pour un couple avec des enfants  car  équipé également d' un canapé lit très confortable. La décoration de l'appartement est un doux mélange d'objets sans prétention que j'aime ; les gens se sentent comme à la maison. J'y habite en semaine donc vous arriverez vraiment chez moi. Petite rue donnant sur un square très calme la nuit. 4 ème étage sans ascenceur	Appartement de 50 m2 idéalement situé à 10 minutes des grands magasins et de l'Opéra. Une balade à pieds très agréable de 20 min vous amène à l'hyper-centre de Paris. L'appartement est entièrement ouvert et traversant de la cuisine au salon ; seule une cloison ouverte sépare la chambre. Idéal pour un couple avec des enfants  car  équipé également d' un canapé lit très confortable. La décoration de l'appartement est un doux mélange d'objets sans prétention que j'aime ; les gens se sentent comme à la maison. J'y habite en semaine donc vous arriverez vraiment chez moi. Petite rue donnant sur un square très calme la nuit. 4 ème étage sans ascenceur Tout l'équipement nécessaire est dans la cuisine ; une bonne télévision écran plat ainsi que le wifi sont là pour vos échanges emails sans oublier le bon film sur le lecteur dvd, s'il pleut ! La salle de bain comporte une douche à l'italienne et un wc. Les serviettes et les draps sont inclus. Il vous sera demandé 30 euros pour l'entretien  et le
6170		studio situé au 5eme etage (ascenseur) balcon exposé sud ,salle de bain ,cuisine équipée ( réfrigérateur,four, bouilloire, cafetière ,lave linge séchant) TVmagnetoscope ,(website hidden) GEORGES 75009 ,situation idéale proche gare St Lazare , opéra ...
6171	Nouveau studio, Idéal pour 2 personnes. Extrêmement bien situé, dans un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris : Pigalle/Montmartre ( métro Pigalle : lignes 2 et 12). Entièrement à refaire neuf en avril 2015, très confortable et fonctionnel, Wifi haut débit + linge de maison, serviettes fournis et absolument près de tout !!! Son emplacement est idéal : dans un quartier plus animé de Paris : Pigalle/ Montmartre, touristique ( Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, ... ) et absolument prés de tous : les transports (nombreux métros et bus), rempli de cafés et restaurants branchés, des lieux culturels (opéra, musées, théâtres...), mais aussi de shoppings (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, rue de Lepic, rue des martyrs), vous découvrirez une atmosphère magique. Le quartier Pigalle est situé juste à la frontière de Montmartre, il bénéficie d’une popularité. Le plus connu de ces endroits est le cabaret Le Moulin Rouge construit en 1889. Le quartier Pigalle est le théâtre quotidien de spectacles à caractère é	Nouveau studio, idéal pour 2 personnes, au 2e étage dans une cour + digicode + 1 grande pièce à vivre + 1 espace repas + 1 salle d'eau ( douche, toilette ) + wifi haut débit, dans un quartier très touristique, absolument près de tous ! Nouveau studio, Idéal pour 2 personnes. Extrêmement bien situé, dans un des quartiers les plus animés de Paris : Pigalle/Montmartre ( métro Pigalle : lignes 2 et 12). Entièrement à refaire neuf en avril 2015, très confortable et fonctionnel, Wifi haut débit + linge de maison, serviettes fournis et absolument près de tout !!! Son emplacement est idéal : dans un quartier plus animé de Paris : Pigalle/ Montmartre, touristique ( Sacré Cœur, Moulin Rouge, ... ) et absolument prés de tous : les transports (nombreux métros et bus), rempli de cafés et restaurants branchés, des lieux culturels (opéra, musées, théâtres...), mais aussi de shoppings (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, rue de Lepic, rue des martyrs), vous découvrirez une atmosphère magique. Le quartier P
6172	Maison individuelle dans une large cour intérieure d'un immeuble du XIXème siècle.. Un lit double en mezzanine + un lit-canapé deux places au rez-de-chaussée. Accueil pour quatre personnes maximum (couple avec enfants).	"Dans une rue calme a proximité de tous les commerces (rue des Martyrs), théâtres, restaurants...Digicode et concierge. Il accueille deux personnes très aisément plus deux autres (enfants) dans un lit-canapé. Maison individuelle dans une large cour intérieure d'un immeuble du XIXème siècle.. Un lit double en mezzanine + un lit-canapé deux places au rez-de-chaussée. Accueil pour quatre personnes maximum (couple avec enfants). Kitchenette avec four a micro ondes et plaques chauffantes. Machine à laver la vaisselle Machine à laver le linge séchante Salle de douche individuelle avec toilettes. Nous serons présents à l'arrivée et au  départ des voyageurs. Nos numéros de téléphones portables (mobiles) (phone number hidden) (Marie Jarreau) (phone number hidden) (Philippe Jarreau) La rue des Martyrs et ses commerçants, Pigalle, les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann L'Opéra de Paris Tous transports à moins de 100 mètres. Bus et métro. Le métro le plus proche est ""Saint-Georges"" (ligne 12) A"
6173		2 pièces aux tomettes apparentes, très lumineux, accueillant et chaleureux. Idéalement situé avec vue sur les toits parisiens et sur l'Opéra de Paris. Cuisine equipée; lave linge; 1 lit double et un canapé lit. Situé au 6e étage (sans ascenseur)
6174	Charming  apartment (45sqm) in the 9th district. Very quiet, bright courtyard, ideal for couples (with one child). Ideally located: 1 minute from the Rue des Martyrs, near the intersection Notre-Dame de Lorette. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre, Abbesses and the Sacré Coeur.  A 10 minute walk from the department stores (Grands magasins) and Opera. Within walking distance of the Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est (15 min) or the Saint-Lazare train station (15 min.) Very lively district with many theaters, restaurants, shops and shopping facilities (grocery stores, supermarkets, pharmacies, wine shops, etc). Many bars and nightclubs as well. 1 large bedroom with double bed (160x200), small bathroom with hip bath. Lounge and separate kitchen with gas stove, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, high-speed internet. Metro: Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, the Peletier Cadet (line 2, 12, and 7). Bus (phone number hidden) 	Charming  apartment (45sqm) in the 9th district. Very quiet, bright courtyard, ideal for couples (with one child). Ideally located: 1 minute from the Rue des Martyrs, near the intersection Notre-Dame de Lorette. A 10 minute walk from Montmartre, Abbesses and the Sacré Coeur.  A 10 minute walk from the department stores (Grands magasins) and Opera. Within walking distance of the Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est (15 min) or the Saint-Lazare train station (15 min.) Very lively district with many theaters, restaurants, shops and shopping facilities (grocery stores, supermarkets, pharmacies, wine shops, etc). Many bars and nightclubs as well. 1 large bedroom with double bed (160x200), small bathroom with hip bath. Lounge and separate kitchen with gas stove, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, high-speed internet. Metro: Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, the Peletier Cadet (line 2, 12, and 7). Bus (phone number hidden) 
6175	Apartment, 45m2, mansard-roofed (6th floor without elevator) in an Haussmann building. Located between Montmartre, the Opera, the Grands Magasins and close to the Jardin des Tuileries, place de la Concorde and Champs-Elysees. 15 minutes walk from the Seine River. Neighborhood : theatres (Casino de Paris, Mogador, Théâtre de Paris, La Grande Comédie) and cinemas (place de Clichy and Grands Boulevards). Bus, metro, RER, markets and shops. The apartment consists of a main room + bedroom + kitchen (electric cooker with oven, toaster, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine) + bathroom (shower + WC + hair dryer) + 2 mezzanines + electric heating. 5 beds: 1 double and 4 single (including 2 on a mezzanine). Wifi. Very quiet apartment, very clear, not overlooked.	Apartment, 45m2, mansard-roofed (6th floor without elevator) in an Haussmann building. Located between Montmartre, the Opera, the Grands Magasins and close to the Jardin des Tuileries, place de la Concorde and Champs-Elysees. 15 minutes walk from the Seine River. Neighborhood : theatres (Casino de Paris, Mogador, Théâtre de Paris, La Grande Comédie) and cinemas (place de Clichy and Grands Boulevards). Bus, metro, RER, markets and shops. The apartment consists of a main room + bedroom + kitchen (electric cooker with oven, toaster, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine) + bathroom (shower + WC + hair dryer) + 2 mezzanines + electric heating. 5 beds: 1 double and 4 single (including 2 on a mezzanine). Wifi. Very quiet apartment, very clear, not overlooked.
6176	Très calme et idéallement situé	Adorable petit 2 pièces de 20 m2 au coeur de Paris au calme sur cour, avec salon, kitchenette, chambre à coucher, salle de bain, wc séparé, en plein coeur du 9ème arrondissement, à 10 min à pied de Opéra, des Galeries Lafayette et du Printemps haussman ;)... Très calme et idéallement situé Au plus beaux endroits de Paris ;) Nombreux magasins, restaurant, cultures différentes. Un vrai régal à la fois pour les yeux et le palais ;) 2 min du metro. Ligne 12 Notre Dame De Lorette et ligne 7 le Peletier. 7 min ligne 13 , 3 et 14 Gare saint Lazare. 5 min de la ligne 8 et 9 Richelieu Drouot
6177	A very spacious studio with a separate kitchen and a closet to arrange all your suitcases and clothes. Nice marble-decorated bathroom with a French bathtub.  Very light place with a great view on authentic Hausmannian buildings.  Flat screen TV, wifi, washing machine, a bed for two and a convertible sofa for another person. Well secured building with a lift.  Come and enjoy your stay in Paris!	Fully furnished 32m2 flat in a secured building, central Paris in an amazing neighborhood, 2-minute walk from Galleries Lafayette & Printemps - great place for shopping and discovering Paris by foot, but also well connected by public transport. Everything you need to have a great time in the city of love
6178	Dear travellers, My flatmate and I live in a 4-room apartment in the lovely area of Saint-Georges/South Pigalle. What about the apartment? It has 3 large bedrooms with three double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen (80m²). As a guest, you have access to the bathroom, washer, full kitchen (fridge, cooker, oven, dishwasher, and microwave), TV, and wifi. Grocery/liquor store ten meters away. The place is pretty spacious, and bright and you will love our balcony!	Dear travellers, My flatmate and I live in a 4-room apartment in the lovely area of Saint-Georges/South Pigalle. What about the apartment? It has 3 large bedrooms with three double bed, a living room, bathroom and a kitchen (80m²). As a guest, you h
6179	WARNING (until end of June): due to renovation work on the building facade, construction workers might walk by them from 8am to 5pm and make some noise (so far, it has only be light noise) The apartement (about 60 m2), is fully equipped : - 42 pouces TV, great stéreo system, Wii U :) - a complete kitchen : Nespresso machine, wok, pans, blender, freezer, traditional oven, micro-wave oven, an insane amount of glasses mugs and cups... but mostly a dish washer (washing powder included) ! - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and washing machine ! - 1 toilet with shower and sink (even though the shower is a bit small, having it on top of the tub is great during morning rush...)	Nicely furnished bedroom in the lively neighborhood of the Moulin Rouge.  The bedroom is at the entrance of the apartment, so you can come and go as you like without fear of disturbing. But I'll be happy to share some time with you if you want to ! WARNING (until end of June): due to renovation work on the building facade, construction workers might walk by them from 8am to 5pm and make some noise (so far, it has only be light noise) The apartement (about 60 m2), is fully equipped : - 42 pouces TV, great stéreo system, Wii U :) - a complete kitchen : Nespresso machine, wok, pans, blender, freezer, traditional oven, micro-wave oven, an insane amount of glasses mugs and cups... but mostly a dish washer (washing powder included) ! - 1 bathroom with a bathtub and washing machine ! - 1 toilet with shower and sink (even though the shower is a bit small, having it on top of the tub is great during morning rush...) Guests can have access to the entire apartment (my bedroom excluded obviously),
6180	Spacious and peaceful 80 sqm apartment, very comfortable and finely furnished: a large double living room for your diners and evenings, two pretty rooms by the courtyard, a bathroom with bathtub, an equipped kitchen. Ideal for one or two couples o a couple with children.	In the sought-after area of rue des Martyrs, with its many tasty restaurants and stores, 2 steps away from Montmartre, Opera and Department stores, elegant spacious and comfortable apartment with fine furnishing. Ideal to taste parisian life Spacious and peaceful 80 sqm apartment, very comfortable and finely furnished: a large double living room for your diners and evenings, two pretty rooms by the courtyard, a bathroom with bathtub, an equipped kitchen. Ideal for one or two couples o a couple with children. Wifi, good quality TV & sound, dish washer, washing machine When you arrive, your host will show you how the equipment works. You can call him for questions and advises during your (website hidden) Georges, SoPi, rue des Martyrs : the neighborhood for those your like live performance, fashion and food, the area of latest bobo chic trends. 10 / 15 min away from the main touristic places with the Métro.  Métro station Saint Georges for the north-south line 12 or Pigalle for east-west
6181	Un appartement moderne refait de neuf, très clair au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  Sa double exposition lui confère beaucoup de lumière naturelle. Il donne sur les toits de Paris et est très central. Pour autant très calme. sans aucun bruit.	Un appartement moderne refait de neuf, très clair au 6ème étage avec ascenseur.  Sa double exposition lui confère beaucoup de lumière naturelle. Il donne sur les toits de Paris et est très central. Pour autant très calme. sans aucun bruit. Les voyageurs ont accès à une cuisine très bien équipée de neuf (micro ondes, lave vaisselle, petit électroménager) et d'une salle de bain dotée d'un lave linge et d'une baignoire. Merci d'éviter de fumer dans l'appartement. Animaux ou enfants interdits. Une personne accompagne les voyageurs dès leur arrivée et leur sortie. Elle habite à côté. Pour leurs différentes questions, je suis disponible également et très heureux de faire partager ce lieu de séjour. Ce quartier est très proche des monuments de Paris : Louvre, Opéra, Grands magasins, Montmartre. Le quartier est celui des antiquaires, très animé par la salle Drouot. Le quartier est très vivant  et se repose le dimanche. Tous les commerces sont proches. Le métro à la station Drouot à 2 minutes à
6182	Studio, 30M2 à coté du Musée de la vie romantique,  dans un jardin privatif,  terrasse de 18M2, très calme, lit 2 personnes,  cuisine plaque induction, lave vaisselle micro onde. Lave linge, séche linge, douche verre. Téléphone et internet.	Studio, 30M2 terrasse dans un jardin 18M2,  Cuisine, SDB, entièrement équipé luxe,   Lit king size, téléphone, internet,  toutes commodités 5mns à pied  Métro  lignes 2/12 bus 67/74 ( Palais royal, Opéra, Place Vendôme, Marais )  Rappel: PDJ non compris dans le tarif proposé. Comme mentionné dans la description. Studio, 30M2 à coté du Musée de la vie romantique,  dans un jardin privatif,  terrasse de 18M2, très calme, lit 2 personnes,  cuisine plaque induction, lave vaisselle micro onde. Lave linge, séche linge, douche verre. Téléphone et internet. Gare St Lazare, gare Montparnasse directe ligne 12. Acces gare de lyon 20 minutes. Épicerie les Causses. Metro ligne 12 et ligne 2  Bus 74, 67, 68  Gare Saint Lazare a 15 minutes à pieds Appareils ménagers à disposition, aucunes fournitures de comprises dans le tarif.
6183	The flat is nice and really quite. His location is ideal for a short trip too because it's quite central!	Hi, We offer you to stay in a lovely 15 square meter room in our flat. We ll share the common spaces like the kitchen, bathroom and toilets. The room is directly on the courtyard so really quite. You just have to know that we ve got a cat as well! The flat is nice and really quite. His location is ideal for a short trip too because it's quite central! We will share the kitchen, the bathroom and the toilets. we work a lot and we aren't so much there. but we will answer to all your questions! The neighbourhood is really nice. You can find a lot of little shops for food and good product of good quality. The flat is quite central, just 10minutes walking from Montmartre and Opéra.  The district is nice and livefull, it's cool to hang outr there and there are a lot of restaurant and little bars to have a drink There is a bus stop under the house wich disserv a lot of places in Paris. you v got also 3 subway station around the flat, Anvers on the line 2, Cadet on the 7th, and Notre Dame de Lo
6184		This brand new flat has been fully renovated by a well-known french architect in june 2013, with a large and comfortable bed, nice kitchen and a very design bathroom, you will feel like in the suite of a high standard hotel.
6185		"Apartment 70m2 private room, ""queen-size"" bed, with own bathroom and toilet. Quiet, in a shopping street, the apartment is located six minutes walk from Anvers (Sacré-Cœur) and seven minutes from Cadet. Kitchen available for tea and toasts. Free wifi Kitchen and living-room. I can, of course, advise you — as best as I can — during your stay, with good addresses or advices. The 9th is unique, you can walk to Montmartre (5 minutes), shopping in prestigious stores on Boulevard Haussmann, strolling near the Opera, go out on the Grands Boulevards, or even go to the Louvre or Republic, by walk. Rue des Martyrs is one of the busiest shopping streets in Paris. The district is lively, with numerous bars, and appears to be the epicenter of the recent creations in delicatessen or pastries. The 9th arrondissement is the best ; from the apartment, you can easily get to the Anvers station (line 2) — it will take you to the Champs Elysees, and to the east like Père Lachaise — Cadet station (line 7) t"
6186	This attractive apartment is situated between Montmartre and Grand boulevards, in a very known street, Rue des martyrs, with a lot of nice coffees, shops and small shopkeepers. Near Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes by feet to Opera. It is an alive, central and quiet district at the same time. You can find all the conveniences in 5 minutes (subway, shops, bars, restaurants, museums). The apartment is bright with a big window. It is on the second floor, in a large wooded courtyard. This is an apartment shared by two women, and as we are away often, we suggest to rent our flat when we are away. So there is two rooms, and a lounge with a sofa, a kitchen equipped (oven, refrigerator, washing machine...) and a bathroom with a small bathtub. The WiFi is unlimited and there is also television.  I let you contact me for any question.	This attractive apartment is situated between Montmartre and Grand boulevards, in a very known street, Rue des martyrs, with a lot of nice coffees, shops and small shopkeepers. Near Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes by feet to Opera. It is an alive, central and quiet district at the same time. You can find all the conveniences in 5 minutes (subway, shops, bars, restaurants, museums). The apartment is bright with a big window. It is on the second floor, in a large wooded courtyard. This is an apartment shared by two women, and as we are away often, we suggest to rent our flat when we are away. So there is two rooms, and a lounge with a sofa, a kitchen equipped (oven, refrigerator, washing machine...) and a bathroom with a small bathtub. The WiFi is unlimited and there is also television.  I let you contact me for any question.
6187	60m2 brand new	This flat is brand new ; 60 m2 ; open kitchen to the living room ; Queen size bed, Italian shower and quite area 60m2 brand new All the flat is yours check in and out Lively and chic area 1 min from métro Notre Dame de Lorette
6188	duplex de 85 m2, idéal pour une famille	Duplex de 85 m2 composé d'une cuisine aménagée, d'une salle à manger, d'un salon, de 3 chambres et de 2 salles de bain. duplex de 85 m2, idéal pour une famille proche de tous commerce via email ou telephone quartier vivant métro : ligne 7 -8 -4 non fumeur
6189	THE FLAT The apartment is bright with a big window. It is on the second floor, in a large wooded courtyard. This is great because you are in the heart of Paris but this is very calm. This is an apartment shared by two women, and as we are away often, we suggest to rent our flat when we are away. My room is the bigger room like you can see on the photos, you have a double bed, a desk and i try to let you some space to put your clothes...  So there is two rooms, and a sitting room with a sofa, a kitchen equipped (oven, refrigerator, washing machine...), a bathroom with a small bathtub, and a little place with the toilett. Notice that this place is quite small. The WiFi is unlimited and there is also television.  !! THE DISTRICT !! This attractive apartment is situated between Montmartre and Grand boulevards, in a very known street, Rue des martyrs, with a lot of nice coffees, shops and small shopkeepers. Near Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes by feet to Opera. It is an alive, centr	THE FLAT The apartment is bright with a big window. It is on the second floor, in a large wooded courtyard. This is great because you are in the heart of Paris but this is very calm. This is an apartment shared by two women, and as we are away often, we suggest to rent our flat when we are away. My room is the bigger room like you can see on the photos, you have a double bed, a desk and i try to let you some space to put your clothes...  So there is two rooms, and a sitting room with a sofa, a kitchen equipped (oven, refrigerator, washing machine...), a bathroom with a small bathtub, and a little place with the toilett. Notice that this place is quite small. The WiFi is unlimited and there is also television.  !! THE DISTRICT !! This attractive apartment is situated between Montmartre and Grand boulevards, in a very known street, Rue des martyrs, with a lot of nice coffees, shops and small shopkeepers. Near Pigalle and Le Moulin Rouge, 15 minutes by feet to Opera. It is an alive, centr
6190	Appartement de 2 pièces très lumineux, exposition ouest. La cuisine est équipée de plaques chauffantes, d'un micro onde et d'une machine à laver.  La chambre donne sur cour, donc très calme.  Internet wifi	Très bel appartement de 2 pièces au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, comprenant séjour avec cuisine équipée, une chambre sur cour, une salle d'eau, wc séparés. A 2 minutes du métro Saint Georges et à proximité de Pigalle Montmartre et des grands magasins. Appartement de 2 pièces très lumineux, exposition ouest. La cuisine est équipée de plaques chauffantes, d'un micro onde et d'une machine à laver.  La chambre donne sur cour, donc très calme.  Internet wifi Accueil sur place Quartier Saint Georges /Martyrs  A proximité de Montmartre et quartier des Abbesses A 15 minutes à pieds des grands magasins et de l'Opéra Station Saint Georges ligne 12 Station Pigalle ligne 2
6191	Grand appartement ancien (150m2) avec très grande hauteur de plafonds, très agréable et très lumineux. 	Dans bel immeuble XIXème, chambre double avec salle de bain privée. Quartier très vivant de la Nouvelle Athènes (restaurants, bars, théâtres, magasins, etc.).  Proche Moulin Rouge, Pigalle, Opéra, Grands Magasins, Montmartre. Petit déjeuner compris. Grand appartement ancien (150m2) avec très grande hauteur de plafonds, très agréable et très lumineux. Accès aux deux salons (réception et bureau / salle TV / bibliothèque) et à la cuisine. Guides, plans et conseils sur Paris disponibles. Le quartier de la Nouvelle Athènes est un quartier très vivant avec de nombreux restaurants, théâtres, bars et boutiques. Il est idéalement situé et bien desservi par les transports. 2 lignes de métro (12 et 2) et de nombreux bus. Plans des transports à disposition. Petit déjeuner français compris : baguette parisienne, beurre, confitures, café, thé, jus de fruits, yaourts.
6192	Its unique design with all my travel souvenirs from the 4 corners of the world. The flat is 45 m2 with a separate kitchen (fridge oven and washing machine ), a large bathroom and separate toilet. It is bright due east without opposite direct . This is a nice apartment to spend the evening after a day in Paris . It' s near the street Martyrs , very commercial street with three bakeries 5 minutes walk for breakfast . You will find in the kitchen at disposal honey and jam.	Between Montmartre, Opera, East train Station, the flat is located on a cobblestone street , quiet and not overlooked . On the 2nd floor , it is bright and the decor is an influence of the 4 corners of the world. Perfect for a romantic stay. Its unique design with all my travel souvenirs from the 4 corners of the world. The flat is 45 m2 with a separate kitchen (fridge oven and washing machine ), a large bathroom and separate toilet. It is bright due east without opposite direct . This is a nice apartment to spend the evening after a day in Paris . It' s near the street Martyrs , very commercial street with three bakeries 5 minutes walk for breakfast . You will find in the kitchen at disposal honey and jam. Towels Honey and jam for breakfast , tea and coffee Possibility of a laundry Drawers to store your belongings If I 'm in Paris I would be happy to welcome you and give the information you may need. I lived in Paris for 15 years and I 'm happy to discover this city far from his shots
6193	L'appartement est situé dans une maison qui a été divisée en 4 appartements dans une 2e cour arborée du 17 e siècle.	L'appartement est situé dans une maison qui a été divisée en 4 appartements dans une 2e cour arborée du 17 e siècle. L'impression d'être à la campagne en plein coeur de Paris. Les quartiers Moulin Rouge et Abbesses sont proches à pied. Les galeries Lafayette sont à 10 minutes à pied ou 5 en bus. Les théatres sont très proches  La superbe rue des Martyrs se situe à quelques minutes. par ligne 02 (Blanche), 12 (Trinité) ou 13 (liège) Pas de lave vaisselle La surface totale est de 50 M2
6194	The room belongs to our 115m² family appartment. Seperated from the rest of the appartment by a corridor, the room has its own bathroom (with a bath) + toilet and a reading room. It overlooks a nice and quiet yard.	Located near Moulin Rouge (5 min), Montmartre (8 min), Opéra Garnier (8 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (8 min). Very well connected with Line 2 (Pigalle), 12 (Saint Georges) and Line 14 (Saint lazare)  The room belongs to our 115m² family appartment. Seperated from the rest of the appartment by a corridor, the room has its own bathroom (with a bath) + toilet and a reading room. It overlooks a nice and quiet yard. Guest have access to our kitchen and to our living room. We adapt to your wishes. We can either make sure you are very quiet in your room or share a glass of wine or dinner with you. Just tell us what you prefer ! Located near Moulin Rouge (5 min), Montmartre (8 min), Opéra Garnier (8 min) and Grands Magasins/Galeries Lafayette (8 min). Very well connected with Line 2 (Pigalle), 12 (Saint Georges) and Line 14 (Saint lazare) Very well connected with Line 2 (Pigalle), Line 12 (Saint Georges), Line 13 (Liège) and Line 14 (Saint Lazare)
6195	Self contained, fully furnished, well equipped, and highly decorated art flat in the 9th Arrondissement of Paris.    Size: 24m2. (Entrance = 1,5m2   Main room = 14,2m2   Kitchen = 3,4m2   Wardrobe = 1,5m2   Bathroom = 3,4m2). Great availability as we don't live here, we use the flat as our secondary home when we are in Paris. The flat has excellent location. Just few minutes walk from Montmartre, from the main station of Gare du Nord (Eurostar), Gare de l'Est, and there are many other metro stations nearby. The flat's location provides easy commuting to Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps, Champs Elysees, The Marais, Saint-Ouen Flea Market, Drouot auction rooms, and Airports.     The flat is located on the 4th floor of a nice building with concierge.   There is a lift and good security doors. We redesigned and refurbished the flat in 2011 so everything is brand new and decorated with XXth Century furniture and high quality decorative works.   The flat has one living/sleeping space 	Self contained, fully furnished, well equipped, and highly decorated art flat in the 9th Arrondissement of Paris.    Size: 24m2. (Entrance = 1,5m2   Main room = 14,2m2   Kitchen = 3,4m2   Wardrobe = 1,5m2   Bathroom = 3,4m2). Great availability as we don't live here, we use the flat as our secondary home when we are in Paris. The flat has excellent location. Just few minutes walk from Montmartre, from the main station of Gare du Nord (Eurostar), Gare de l'Est, and there are many other metro stations nearby. The flat's location provides easy commuting to Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Le Printemps, Champs Elysees, The Marais, Saint-Ouen Flea Market, Drouot auction rooms, and Airports.     Self contained, fully furnished, well equipped, and highly decorated art flat in the 9th Arrondissement of Paris.    Size: 24m2. (Entrance = 1,5m2   Main room = 14,2m2   Kitchen = 3,4m2   Wardrobe = 1,5m2   Bathroom = 3,4m2). Great availability as we don't live here, we use the flat as our secondary home w
6196	"What place could be more typical than the IXth arrondissement to spend a romantic and unforgettable stay in Paris?  My one bedroom apartment is located in one of the nicest streets of the area, few meters from the museum of romantic life and the Gustave Moreau museum. Surrounded by 4 subway stations, bus lines, and trains, that can fastly take you to the international exhibitions shows, whether in Villepinte or Porte de Versailles. Easy access on transportation. Away from the busy boulevard, this apartment is located in south Pigalle district, which includes many bars, restaurants and small quality shops .  A few steps, you can stroll the streets of the martyrs while descending to ""les grands magasins"". We are located at:  3 minutes walk from subway line 12 (Saint-Georges), Line 2 (Pigalle) and Velib' bike station (bike self service in Paris)  8 minutes walk from the subway line 7 (Le Peletier)  and line 13 (Liège) 10 minutes walk from Montmartre / Sacre Coeur  10 minutes walk from the"	"What place could be more typical than the IXth arrondissement to spend a romantic and unforgettable stay in Paris?  My one bedroom apartment is located in one of the nicest streets of the area, few meters from the museum of romantic life and the Gustave Moreau museum. Surrounded by 4 subway stations, bus lines, and trains, that can fastly take you to the international exhibitions shows, whether in Villepinte or Porte de Versailles. Easy access on transportation. Away from the busy boulevard, this apartment is located in south Pigalle district, which includes many bars, restaurants and small quality shops .  A few steps, you can stroll the streets of the martyrs while descending to ""les grands magasins"". We are located at:  3 minutes walk from subway line 12 (Saint-Georges), Line 2 (Pigalle) and Velib' bike station (bike self service in Paris)  8 minutes walk from the subway line 7 (Le Peletier)  and line 13 (Liège) 10 minutes walk from Montmartre / Sacre Coeur  10 minutes walk from the"
6197	central in paris, very quiet absolutly no noise and lightning at the 6 floor. well equiped all necessary to cook and wash and dry. for two peoples is confortable with separate bathroom. the area is very safe, you can come back in the night no problem at all. 	studio (15m2), comfortable, at the 6th floor with lift up to 5.very secure with two codes to enter the buildings, and one locked door with intercom at 5 floor. convertible sofa 2 places, shower, kitchen with washing machine /dryer, and fridge,  central in paris, very quiet absolutly no noise and lightning at the 6 floor. well equiped all necessary to cook and wash and dry. for two peoples is confortable with separate bathroom. the area is very safe, you can come back in the night no problem at all.  everything is included, cleaning, wifi, towels and bedsheet,shampoo and shower gel, no surprise.  if you  need iron and table iron just ask, i can provide you for free. i ll be there for check in and check out very quickly to give you more time to enjoy paris. For lugages i have safety room to keep for you if you arrive early or leave late. everything in the street for food market, pharmacy, bakery and 15 restaurants.  from roissy airport direct bus at the corner of the street, from the rai
6198		Appartment located in the 9th area of Paris, 15 min walk from Sacre coeur Montmartre, 15 min walk from department stores (Galeries Lafayette and Printemps) and 15 min walk from gare du Nord. Quiet, 3rd floor
6199		Spacious room (double bed) in a four bedroom 140 m2 appartment. The appartment is all new, with three girls living there, right between St Georges and Pigalle. 
6200	Studio de 30mCarré offrant une capacité d'accueil de 4 personnes. Un lit et un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir chacun 2 personnes sont a disposition dans la pièce a vivre. Situé au 6eme et dernier étage de la résidence équipée d’ascenseurs, il possède tout le confort nécessaire. Idéal pour couple, petite famille ou amis désirant passer du temps dans cette belle ville. 30m2 flat with 4 dorms in the living room. One double bed, and one large couch which you can transformed into a double bed. The studio is located at the 6th Floors of a residency with an elevator. It will provide you all the comfort you will need to spend a really good time in Paris. It is an ideal place for a couple, a small family or friends who want to spend time in this beautiful city.	dd Studio de 30mCarré offrant une capacité d'accueil de 4 personnes. Un lit et un canapé-lit pouvant accueillir chacun 2 personnes sont a disposition dans la pièce a vivre. Situé au 6eme et dernier étage de la résidence équipée d’ascenseurs, il possède tout le confort nécessaire. Idéal pour couple, petite famille ou amis désirant passer du temps dans cette belle ville. 30m2 flat with 4 dorms in the living room. One double bed, and one large couch which you can transformed into a double bed. The studio is located at the 6th Floors of a residency with an elevator. It will provide you all the comfort you will need to spend a really good time in Paris. It is an ideal place for a couple, a small family or friends who want to spend time in this beautiful city. L'appartement est à entière disposition des voyageurs pour une simple nuit, des week-end, semaines ou mois. Salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes. Cuisine équipée d'un four, lave-vaisselle, plaques de cuisson, machine à café et tou
6201	appartement neuf, calme, lumineux, très bien situé au coeur de la capitale	joli appartement, refait à neuf cuisine us équipée, salon coin diner, tv, wifi, chambre avec tv et grand lit double salle d'eau, douche à l'italienne,wc séparé,linge fourni situé proche de toutes commodités, métro, restaurants, lieux touristiques appartement neuf, calme, lumineux, très bien situé au coeur de la capitale conseil sur les lieux à visiter, lieux de restauration à proximité... le quartier est un quartier, vivant, touristique, avec de nombreux centre d'interet à proximité immédiate l'olympia, la madeleine, les galeries lafayette, le printemps, l'opéra Garnier metro, bus,
6202	Bright, newly renovated studio with a mezzanine floor, living room, kitchen and spacious bathroom. The interesting architectural details make this space interesting and the first floor location make it easily accessible ( unlike many 6 floor Parisian walk-ups!) ideal for 2 or 3 guests, the mezzanine floor ( it in not a separate room, but is up some stairs) had a queen bed and the main floor has a pull-out couch that can fit an additional two people. Brand new appliances, kitchen and bathroom are rare in Paris, and the open-concept living space and full wall of windows make the apartment feel  light and airy. An environmental heating and air circulation system allow you to be cool in the daytime and warm at night, and the heated stone floors are a luxurious detail.	Located in the trendy, central 9th Arr.  (South Pigalle) this architectural former atelier has gorgeous high ceilings, a recently updated mezzanine floor and brand new bathroom and kitchen applicances. It features exposed brick walls and modern lighting in a historic Parisian building. Close to Opera, Montmarte, Palais Royale, & the Louvre! Bright, newly renovated studio with a mezzanine floor, living room, kitchen and spacious bathroom. The interesting architectural details make this space interesting and the first floor location make it easily accessible ( unlike many 6 floor Parisian walk-ups!) ideal for 2 or 3 guests, the mezzanine floor ( it in not a separate room, but is up some stairs) had a queen bed and the main floor has a pull-out couch that can fit an additional two people. Brand new appliances, kitchen and bathroom are rare in Paris, and the open-concept living space and full wall of windows make the apartment feel  light and airy. An environmental heating and air circulat
6203	In a charming little cul-de-sac the Cité du Midi is located in a very lively neighborhood.  The apartment is on the third floor (American fourth floor) with somewhat narrow steps and no elevator. If your suitcases are heavy you may not like the stairs, but you will like the apartment... This two bedroom apartment  is small (50m²) but practical, bright, with all the amenities and in a great location. It is ideal for two persons, a small family or a group of friends.  One bedroom has a full size bed (140 x 200 cm).  The other bedroom has a queen size bed (160 x 200 cm).  There is only one bathroom. It includes a sink, a shower and the toilets. There is also a washer and dryer.  The kitchen has an oven, cooktop, microwave oven, dishwasher, electric kettle, Tassimo coffee maker, toaster, refrigerator/freezer with ice and cold water.  The closest Metro stations are Pigalle (line 2 and 12) and Blanche (line 2), a little further is Place de Clichy (line 2 and 13).  Access is easy from Charles	    The apartment is located at the beginning of the Montmartre area. You can walk (uphill) to the Sacré Coeur Basilica, the Place du Tertre, and Dali museum. you will also often walk past the Moulin Rouge and rue Lepic.     In a charming little cul-de-sac the Cité du Midi is located in a very lively neighborhood.  The apartment is on the third floor (American fourth floor) with somewhat narrow steps and no elevator. If your suitcases are heavy you may not like the stairs, but you will like the apartment... This two bedroom apartment  is small (50m²) but practical, bright, with all the amenities and in a great location. It is ideal for two persons, a small family or a group of friends.  One bedroom has a full size bed (140 x 200 cm).  The other bedroom has a queen size bed (160 x 200 cm).  There is only one bathroom. It includes a sink, a shower and the toilets. There is also a washer and dryer.  The kitchen has an oven, cooktop, microwave oven, dishwasher, electric kettle, Tassimo cof
6204	Charming studio of 27 m2 for 2 persons on the first floor of a building lying in the heart of Paris, South-Pigalle. Just a few minutes walk from the Opera Garnier, the Parisian department stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, the Louvre, the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. Apartment with high quality renovation. The lounge overlooks the inner courtyard by two windows.	Extra center of Paris with all direct transports nearby. Calm and charming studio located in the South Pigalle. Haussmann / grds Boulevards. A few kilometers from the Louvre, the Opera and Department Stores. Many restaurants and night-club. Charming studio of 27 m2 for 2 persons on the first floor of a building lying in the heart of Paris, South-Pigalle. Just a few minutes walk from the Opera Garnier, the Parisian department stores Galeries Lafayette and Printemps, the Louvre, the Sacré Coeur of Montmartre. Apartment with high quality renovation. The lounge overlooks the inner courtyard by two windows. The apartment consists of: lounge / bedroom: bed 160 x 200 with hotellerie bedding, HD TV, WIFI / broadband Internet connection, elegant decoration and many paintings. Kitchen open on the living room equipped with a microwave, a cooking plate, refrigerator, teapot and everything needed to cook. The dining area with a table and two chairs, open kitchen and living room. Bathroom: with show
6205	Beautiful apartment of 28 m² for 4 people, This is a 1 bedroom apartment with a living room with 2 sleeping sofas located in rue (website hidden) Mauroy. It is less than 2 minutes walk Printemps and Galeries Lafayette and many brand names stores. Also, it is very close  to Fauchon and the Church la Madeleine. Apartment very quiet as fully courtyard. It is within 3 minutes walk from the station Roissy bus (the bus that goes straight to Charles de Gaulle airport). The RER A (goes to Euro Disney) is also less than 3 minutes walk. The Saint Lazare train station and several bus and metro stations (lines number (phone number hidden)) are all within 3 minutes walk. Last but not least, it is within 2 minutes walk from the tourist bus stop. Great location in the center of Paris. Several theaters and the well known Olympia is 5 minutes walk from the apartment. The apartment is in the 5th and last floor, which makes it full of light. Apartment has a washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, kitchen	Beautiful apartment of 28 m² for 4 people, This is a 1 bedroom apartment with a living room with 2 sleeping sofas located in rue (website hidden) Mauroy. It is less than 2 minutes walk Printemps and Galeries Lafayette and many brand names stores. Also, it is very close  to Fauchon and the Church la Madeleine. Apartment very quiet as fully courtyard. It is within 3 minutes walk from the station Roissy bus (the bus that goes straight to Charles de Gaulle airport). The RER A (goes to Euro Disney) is also less than 3 minutes walk. The Saint Lazare train station and several bus and metro stations (lines number (phone number hidden)) are all within 3 minutes walk. Last but not least, it is within 2 minutes walk from the tourist bus stop. Great location in the center of Paris. Several theaters and the well known Olympia is 5 minutes walk from the apartment. The apartment is in the 5th and last floor, which makes it full of light. Apartment has a washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, kitchen
6206	An unique loft near Montmartre! 4 people can sleep at the same time !	An unique loft near Montmartre! 4 people can sleep at the same time ! Make yourself at home ! You can use everything, except the musical instruments... Till 10 pm... I won't be here if you don't want me to be here. If I have to be, the price will be lower ! Lots of restaurant, from the cheapest to the more expensive one. Lots of bars and entertainment if you walk 10 minutes... Near Pigalle, Montmartre, Opera, it's a crossroad. 2 subway stations if you walk 5 minutes, buses (even during the night) and bikes for rent at 20m from the main entrance of my flat ! You can park your car in an underground parking lot at 10 minutes by walk.
6207	Ideal for a couple!!	Ideal for a couple!! Hudge TV, internet, big kitchen and bathroom We'll give you a lot of advices to spend a very parisian moment! Very trendy district, with a lot of bars, restaurants and shops. It' 15 minutes walking from Montmartre! Very easy to access, by bus and métro (closest stations are saint Georges and Trinité d estienne d orves)
6208	This apartment benefits from an excellent location in central Paris, perfect for visiting or business purposes. There is a balcony where you can watch the world go by after an exciting day in Paris. The classical architecture, with high ceiling and moldings truly make this apartment unique!	A very charming 4-person apartment with high ceilings à la Francaise, painted with original moldings. Relax on the terrace after long days discovering the city! This apartment benefits from an excellent location in central Paris, perfect for visiting or business purposes. There is a balcony where you can watch the world go by after an exciting day in Paris. The classical architecture, with high ceiling and moldings truly make this apartment unique! Guests will have access to the whole apartment, which is equipped with it's own high speed wi-fi internet connection, television and phone which has free calls to landlines all over the world (full details available on request). I or someone I trust will check you in to this apartment, meeting you at the building at a time which is convenient for you. During check in you will have the opportunity to ask questions about the apartment/area etc. Following check in the guest(s) will be allowed to use the apartment at their own leisure, I am avai
6209	Studio 14m² au 6ème étage sans ascenseur sous les combles avec poutres apparentes, 3.5 m de hauteur sous plafond, agencé par un architecte, tout est refait a neuf. Séjour - avec canapé lit - très lumineux et ensoleillé à l'Est par la fenêtre du balcon sur cour, à l'Ouest par grand vélux coté rue. Côté cuisine équipé plaques induction, réfrigérateur, placards et tiroirs de rangement. Salle de douche avec lavabo( les toilettes partagées -très propres - sont sur le palier) .  Le balcon donne sur la cour très calme avec vue sur les toits de Paris. 	Studio lumineux, refait à neuf dans le quartier de l'Opéra. Magnifique vue sur les toits parisiens avec un petit balcon plein de charme. Proche du Sacré-Cœur, ce studio vous fera passer des vacances romantiques inoubliables en plein cœur de Paris. Studio 14m² au 6ème étage sans ascenseur sous les combles avec poutres apparentes, 3.5 m de hauteur sous plafond, agencé par un architecte, tout est refait a neuf. Séjour - avec canapé lit - très lumineux et ensoleillé à l'Est par la fenêtre du balcon sur cour, à l'Ouest par grand vélux coté rue. Côté cuisine équipé plaques induction, réfrigérateur, placards et tiroirs de rangement. Salle de douche avec lavabo( les toilettes partagées -très propres - sont sur le palier) .  Le balcon donne sur la cour très calme avec vue sur les toits de Paris. L'immeuble est principalement habité par des propriétaires discrets et au 6ème étage par des étudiants locataires qui respecteront votre tranquillité. Je travaille à proximité, j'ai grandi dans le quart
6210	Spacieux 2 pièces de 60 m2, chambre avec grand lit de 180 cm de large, salle de bain - wc, cuisine, buanderie, séjour de 40 m2.	Beau 2 pièces de 60m2 dans un immeuble classé aux monuments historiques, proche à pied du moulin rouge, sacré coeur,montmartre, opéra garnier, palais royal ,musée du louvre, gare saint lazare (chateau de versailles), metro, bus, RER Spacieux 2 pièces de 60 m2, chambre avec grand lit de 180 cm de large, salle de bain - wc, cuisine, buanderie, séjour de 40 m2. Souvent absente, vous aurez tout l'appartement à votre disposition mais il est interdit d'y fumer et nos amis les bêtes n'y ont pas accès. Nous pourrons nous contacter par mail ou par téléphone. Si mon planning me le permet, je vous proposerai ballades ou visites Idéalement situé pour visiter tout Paris et ses environs que ce soit à pied ou en transports en commun, appartement calme sans vis à vis, ce sont les oiseaux qui vous réveilleront. Pour ceux qui aiment sortir, la grande majorité des théâtres sont à proximité ainsi qu'un des plus grands cinéma parisien. Excellente boulangerie pâtisserie au coin de la rue ainsi que plusieurs
6211	Nice and cosy studio, on the 6th and last floor of a modern building with an elevator. Bright and sunny, the studio gets a lot of sun during the day and features a lovely view on Paris and Montmartre.  The flat has one main room with a sofa that folds into a comfortable bed, a small kitchen and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully equiped: heating plate, fridge, dishes, etc (please note however that there is no oven). Linens and towels are provided. There is no washing machine but a laundrymat is 2 minutes away.  It is quite a small space (270 sq. ft.) but it's just the right space for 2 people, with a very cosy atmosphere. It's an independent flat, you won't be sharing it with anyone. It is perfectly located in Paris (Saint Georges / Pigalle district). The flat is 1 minute away from many buses and subway stops. Its location is very convenient to visit Paris (10 minutes walk from the heart of Montmartre, 15 minutes with the subway to go to Concorde/Tuileries/Champs Elysées). It's also a 15	Nice and cosy studio, on the 6th and last floor of a modern building with an elevator. Bright and sunny, the studio gets a lot of sun during the day and features a lovely view on Paris and Montmartre.  The flat has one main room with a sofa that folds into a comfortable bed, a small kitchen and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully equiped: heating plate, fridge, dishes, etc (please note however that there is no oven). Linens and towels are provided. There is no washing machine but a laundrymat is 2 minutes away.  It is quite a small space (270 sq. ft.) but it's just the right space for 2 people, with a very cosy atmosphere. It's an independent flat, you won't be sharing it with anyone. It is perfectly located in Paris (Saint Georges / Pigalle district). The flat is 1 minute away from many buses and subway stops. Its location is very convenient to visit Paris (10 minutes walk from the heart of Montmartre, 15 minutes with the subway to go to Concorde/Tuileries/Champs Elysées). It's also a 15
6212	"A charming clean and confortable place, very light and quiet flat in the middle of  the town, in a lively area.  A big room with a beautiful view on paris'roof, a kitchen you can have lunch in, a big bathroom, a bedroom.Sheeps and towels are included, the breakfast too ( tea, coffe, cornflakes, orange juice...).English and french books, wifi access.... There are lots of theatres in this area wich is an artits area, near Montmartre ( cafés, restaurants, parisian fashion shops).  5 min walking distance to : Amélie town:  the Sacré Coeur,  the Moulin rouge,  10 min walking to Opéra ( galerie lafayette, printemps...)  many buses to st germain des prés for exemple and subway stations.  15 min by bus to le musée du Louvre..... There are many good french restaurants ( also japanese, indian,chinese...), delicious bakeries in the area, also supermarkets all around. In south pigalle, It's also closed to parisian spots, places to be now like café ""le sans soucis"", ""le mansard"", le bus paladium..a"	A charming place quiet and sunny near Montmarte and in the midle of south pigalle area, with lots of bars, restaurants... A charming clean and confortable place, very light and quiet flat in the middle of  the town, in a lively area.  A big room with a beautiful view on paris'roof, a kitchen you can have lunch in, a big bathroom, a bedroom.Sheeps and towels are included, the breakfast too ( tea, coffe, cornflakes, orange juice...).English and french books, wifi access.... There are lots of theatres in this area wich is an artits area, near Montmartre ( cafés, restaurants, parisian fashion shops).  5 min walking distance to : Amélie town:  the Sacré Coeur,  the Moulin rouge,  10 min walking to Opéra ( galerie lafayette, printemps...)  many buses to st germain des prés for exemple and subway stations.  15 min by bus to le musée du Louvre..... There are many good french restaurants ( also japanese, indian,chinese...), delicious bakeries in the area, also supermarkets all around. In south 
6213	(FYI: the flat has been refurbished since the photo shoot) We offer a spacious Room with a cosy living room and an equiped kitchen. You'll have a large bed, chimney, storage. Bathroom with bathtube (Ask for more info, photos aren't up to date) Laurent, your host, is very cool and respectful He has a separated room in the back of the flat Working all day long, he will rarely be there. The apartment is very cosy, in the center but a paved courtyard separates the street from the apartments, so it's very quiet. 5min Galeries Lafayette, the Opera, the Grands Boulevards, Sacred Heart, North Station, East .. it is great. There is two bedroom, two double bed . internet, phone for incoming calls. A piano for musicians. Washing machine, hot plates .. bathtub . 2 digicodes. you have just about everything. There is a municipal swimming pool just a 2 minute walk away for those who wish to do a little sport during their holiday. There are also several metro lines very close, giving direct access to 	60sq.m flat, big and quiet place in the center of Paris ! Laurent, your host, is very cool and good adviser He is rarely there, his room is separated, in the back of the flat Around: MtMartre, G.Lafayette, Opera, Pigale, arty shops, food & bars #priv (FYI: the flat has been refurbished since the photo shoot) We offer a spacious Room with a cosy living room and an equiped kitchen. You'll have a large bed, chimney, storage. Bathroom with bathtube (Ask for more info, photos aren't up to date) Laurent, your host, is very cool and respectful He has a separated room in the back of the flat Working all day long, he will rarely be there. The apartment is very cosy, in the center but a paved courtyard separates the street from the apartments, so it's very quiet. 5min Galeries Lafayette, the Opera, the Grands Boulevards, Sacred Heart, North Station, East .. it is great. There is two bedroom, two double bed . internet, phone for incoming calls. A piano for musicians. Washing machine, hot plates .
6214	Spacious, comfortable and bright. Great location close to the Grand Rex , the Galeries Lafayette and the Montorgueil district. And calm.	2/3 spacious and comfortable attic rooms in the heart of Paris , near the famous Grand Rex . Equipped with a kitchen , a double bright living room, fireplace , exposed beams. Beautiful bathroom , 1 bedroom king bed and sofa bed. Spacious, comfortable and bright. Great location close to the Grand Rex , the Galeries Lafayette and the Montorgueil district. And calm. Travelers have access to the whole house . Meeting of passengers on the spot, telephone and email exchanges .
6215	The flat has a unique combination of space (huge living room featuring an open kitchen and high ceiling), light (4th floor, windows on both sides facing East and West), quiet (between two courtyards), and style. We'll be glad to accommodate you and help you in any way possible to make the best of your stay. Having lived in the area for quite some time, we can easily recommend nice places to eat/drink/shop/etc.	The flat is spacious (65m2), very quiet, tastefully decorated and sunny all day thanks to large windows in both sides. It is fully equipped and ideally located in the heart of SoPi (South Pigalle). The flat has a unique combination of space (huge living room featuring an open kitchen and high ceiling), light (4th floor, windows on both sides facing East and West), quiet (between two courtyards), and style. We'll be glad to accommodate you and help you in any way possible to make the best of your stay. Having lived in the area for quite some time, we can easily recommend nice places to eat/drink/shop/etc. District description in The Guardian : Although tourists alighting at the Pigalle metro station tend to walk up towards Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur, hipster Parisians – the self-styled BoBo (bourgeois bohemians) – head in the opposite direction, to South Pigalle, the latest trendsetting neighbourhood in Paris. Once one of the quieter corners of the city, South Pigalle has picked up 
6216	IN THE GREAT CENTER OF PARIS! Montmartre/ Moulin rouge/ Louvre/Champs Elysees/ Galeries Lafayette/ Eiffel Tower....  - Quartier Montmartre/ Secure building/ Parking all around/ supermarket and Bakery just in front of the building!!!  - Lot of celebrity guests and big firms rented this amazing fully protected place.  - Very well located, 2 train stations of « metro » within 2 mn in feet, the train station St Lazare is only 5 minutes in feet and bus stations within less than 1 mn walk too... -Free Wifi Access In All The Flat! - Amazing 145Sqm Apartment, Classified in the historical French heritage, the old residence of Alexandre Dumas, the French Writer. On the 2th floor of a prestigious building under the roof of Paris ( Triplex). LIVING ROOM: - Luminous Magnificent Lounge of 45 Sqm with 5 Meter height under ceiling, with a folding table for more peoples (6peoples), with american kitchen ( professional Oven, microwave, induction  fire place, Dish washer...) and the living room area wher	IN THE GREAT CENTER OF PARIS!  - Close to the Galeries Lafayette, Opera,  Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Eiffel Tower, the New St Lazare Mall, Louvre Museum, the Champs Elysees and all Tourist sites... Many stores, restaurants... IN THE GREAT CENTER OF PARIS! Montmartre/ Moulin rouge/ Louvre/Champs Elysees/ Galeries Lafayette/ Eiffel Tower....  - Quartier Montmartre/ Secure building/ Parking all around/ supermarket and Bakery just in front of the building!!!  - Lot of celebrity guests and big firms rented this amazing fully protected place.  - Very well located, 2 train stations of « metro » within 2 mn in feet, the train station St Lazare is only 5 minutes in feet and bus stations within less than 1 mn walk too... -Free Wifi Access In All The Flat! - Amazing 145Sqm Apartment, Classified in the historical French heritage, the old residence of Alexandre Dumas, the French Writer. On the 2th floor of a prestigious building under the roof of Paris ( Triplex). LIVING ROOM: - Luminous Magnificent
6217	You will love this luxury apartment in the heart of Paris, located in the city’s coveted 9th arrondissement. The apartment has just been remodeled and is in pristine condition!  The perfect pied-à-terre in the French capital, both Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier are a 10-minute walk away, whilst the Montmartre and Marais districts are within easy walking distance as well. The Cadet Metro station is just steps from the apartment and allows access to both Banks of the Seine River.  The location is ideal as the 9th arrondissement borders the lively 8th arrondissement where the Avenue des Champs Elysees, Arc de Triumph, Place de la Concorde and stunning Monceau Parc can be found.  Enjoy the sites by day and return to your luxurious and quiet apartment by night. A stylish and sophisticated option in the City of Lights, this centrally located apartment accommodates up to six adults in three private bedrooms. A tasteful and tranquil home away from home, the apartment features an eleg	Gorgeous 3 bedroom 1.5 bath apartment, immaculately remodeled in 2015. You will love this luxury apartment in the heart of Paris and know you will love this prestigious building located in one of the most desired neighborhoods in Paris. You will love this luxury apartment in the heart of Paris, located in the city’s coveted 9th arrondissement. The apartment has just been remodeled and is in pristine condition!  The perfect pied-à-terre in the French capital, both Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier are a 10-minute walk away, whilst the Montmartre and Marais districts are within easy walking distance as well. The Cadet Metro station is just steps from the apartment and allows access to both Banks of the Seine River.  The location is ideal as the 9th arrondissement borders the lively 8th arrondissement where the Avenue des Champs Elysees, Arc de Triumph, Place de la Concorde and stunning Monceau Parc can be found.  Enjoy the sites by day and return to your luxurious and quiet apartm
6218	Although there is one room style apartement, the main space with a bed, kitchen and bathroom are completely separate, so it looks like more bigger  than the actual space. And you will have a good view on your bed.	A unique studio 33m2 with a chic french style decorated by a professional interior design.  A 1 minute walk from the station Close to the Oprea Garnier, Galerie Lafayette.. Enjoy a exciting view of Montmartre in Paris in a Haussmann-style building Although there is one room style apartement, the main space with a bed, kitchen and bathroom are completely separate, so it looks like more bigger  than the actual space. And you will have a good view on your bed. Main room: extra bedding supplies, table, chairs Kitchen: Nespresso (espresso maker), micro-wave, cooking zone, refrigerator, flatware & dishes  Bathroom : extra bathroom supplies including towels, washing machine Please kindly contact at any time, whenever there is any questions Galerie Lafayette department store and the Opera Garnier area can walk to get (within 10min), and the subway station is located just in front of the building so il takes less than one minute. Line 7 Cadet (the best close-up) Line 9 Grand boulevard Line 12 N
6219	"This top floor apartment between Montmartre and Opera with marble floor was recently fully renovated. Brand new furniture and comfy bedding.  With an area of 61 m² (600 sqft) there is a main living room, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen (Kitchen utensils are provided). dishwasher, washing machine and a spacious bathroom (with hairdryer too!). Being on the last floor (yes there is a lift!), you will enjoy a romantic atmosphere with cathedral ceiling over 4.5 meters (13 feet) in some areas. Color lights of the living can be changed to your liking. New large double bed 160 x 200 cm (63"" x 78"") in the bedroom for 2, trundle bed (can turn from single to double bed) 80 x 200 cm (32"" x 78"") in the second bedroom also for 2 and a comfortable nice full size sofa bed for 2 persons is in the living room. 42 inch TV and high speed fiber internet are included! We promise you will enjoy your Parisian stay in this unique apartment ! Ideal to discover the French way of life."	"Top floor with lift uncommon very nice fully furnished flat in the 9th district of Paris, close to Pigalle, Moulin Rouge and only few minutes to the famous touristic district of Montmartre, Sacre coeur. Perfect as a base from which to explore Paris. This top floor apartment between Montmartre and Opera with marble floor was recently fully renovated. Brand new furniture and comfy bedding.  With an area of 61 m² (600 sqft) there is a main living room, 2 bedrooms, a kitchen (Kitchen utensils are provided). dishwasher, washing machine and a spacious bathroom (with hairdryer too!). Being on the last floor (yes there is a lift!), you will enjoy a romantic atmosphere with cathedral ceiling over 4.5 meters (13 feet) in some areas. Color lights of the living can be changed to your liking. New large double bed 160 x 200 cm (63"" x 78"") in the bedroom for 2, trundle bed (can turn from single to double bed) 80 x 200 cm (32"" x 78"") in the second bedroom also for 2 and a comfortable nice full size so"
6220	STANDING The apartment rental in Paris is located on the 4th floor (with a lift) of a good standing 19th century building. It has an intercom and the access is secured by a digicode. All the windows are double glazed. The apartment is close to many shops (butcher, bakeries, supermarket, theatres etc.) LAYOUT This wonderful, typically French 115 sqm. Paris apartment has 2 bedrooms, a spacious living-room, a nice dining area, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance leads to a spacious corridor. On the left you can reach the kitchen that is fully equipped. The dining room is accessible from the corridor. It is really bright and its windows look onto the courtyard. It has a dining table where 6 people can comfortably sit. You can also access one of the bedrooms from the dining room. In the living-room you will find a comfortable double sofabed, a coffee table and armchairs and a beautiful fireplace (only for decoration). The large, double-glazed French windows look 	"If you are looking for Paris apartments to rent, this is a delightful, fairly-priced, short-term rental in Paris that is suitable for a maximum of 6 people. Close to the shopping centre Gallerie Lafayette ""and ""Printemps"". STANDING The apartment rental in Paris is located on the 4th floor (with a lift) of a good standing 19th century building. It has an intercom and the access is secured by a digicode. All the windows are double glazed. The apartment is close to many shops (butcher, bakeries, supermarket, theatres etc.) LAYOUT This wonderful, typically French 115 sqm. Paris apartment has 2 bedrooms, a spacious living-room, a nice dining area, a fitted kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilets. The entrance leads to a spacious corridor. On the left you can reach the kitchen that is fully equipped. The dining room is accessible from the corridor. It is really bright and its windows look onto the courtyard. It has a dining table where 6 people can comfortably sit. You can also access one o"
6221	Very cosy loft in a really great neighborhood. 5 min walk from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. 15 min walk from Montmartre. 15 min walk from the Opera House. On the 5th and last floor of a recently renovated building (with a lift), the flat offers a direct view to The Sacre Coeur. 30 sqm with a mezzanine, living room, bathroom, kitchen and bedroom upstairs. It can accommodate up to 4 people with a very confortable sofa bed. BED LINENS and TOWELS are included.	Nice and bright flat ideally located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris: Pigalle with its lively environment (many shops and restaurants around) while the Moulin Rouge is just 5 minutes away. Mid way between Montmartre (Sacré Cœur) and Opéra Garnier. Very cosy loft in a really great neighborhood. 5 min walk from Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. 15 min walk from Montmartre. 15 min walk from the Opera House. On the 5th and last floor of a recently renovated building (with a lift), the flat offers a direct view to The Sacre Coeur. 30 sqm with a mezzanine, living room, bathroom, kitchen and bedroom upstairs. It can accommodate up to 4 people with a very confortable sofa bed. BED LINENS and TOWELS are included. My brother or my sister in law will let you in.  They re already very experienced airbnb hosts ! My brother or my sister in law will help you to enjoy your stay in one of the most beautiful city of the world ! Very trendy and fashionable neighborhood. Totally safe. Very charming. 2 Subw
6222	Our flat is 1 minute away from the lively and cosmopolitan Place de Clichy. It's great to be at the heart of Paris without any noise as it's located in a small passage. It's also unique to enjoy a 60m2 private garden in this neighborhood! Features includes :  - 2 bedrooms : one with a king size bed, the other with a pull out sofa - A well furnished living room with cosy sofas, TV and a big dining table - A gym in the building - A parking lot in the building - Free wifi - Bed linen and bathroom towels reserved exclusively for our guests - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, oven, microwave... - Washing + drying machine	Perfectly located in a quiet passage near Place de Clichy, our apartment is a 2 bedrooms modern 60m2 flat with all the confort. Besides, it has a unique 60m2 private garden you can enjoy.  10 minutes walk from Montmartre and Pigalle. Our flat is 1 minute away from the lively and cosmopolitan Place de Clichy. It's great to be at the heart of Paris without any noise as it's located in a small passage. It's also unique to enjoy a 60m2 private garden in this neighborhood! Features includes :  - 2 bedrooms : one with a king size bed, the other with a pull out sofa - A well furnished living room with cosy sofas, TV and a big dining table - A gym in the building - A parking lot in the building - Free wifi - Bed linen and bathroom towels reserved exclusively for our guests - Fully equipped kitchen with dish washer, oven, microwave... - Washing + drying machine The whole flat : TV, books, comic books... as long as you take care of our things.  Lively and cosmopolitan, Place de Clichy is conveni
6223	The flat is full of charm with its wooden floor and its molding typically Parisian. It is really functional with on one side the kitchen, a bar and a dining room. And on the other side a large living room with couches, chaires and a television. The bedroom is spacious and enjoyable. All my equiments are yours during your stay: washing machine, television, coffee maker Nespresso. The neighborhood is full of life. There are lots of restaurants: Le Dépanneur, la Buvette…., bars (le Mansart, Bla bla bla…). The flat is located between Montmartre and the center of Paris. Pigalle is at 5 minutes walking. It is well  located with the line 2 and 13 of the metro to go quickly to Charles de Gaulle airport. There are lots of taxi in this area.	Three-pieces flat in the center of the 9th arrondissement, close to place de Clichy, Blanche and Pigalle.  The flat is fully equipped, very comfortable and bright. You will feel quickly at home. Lots of restaurants and entertainments are nearby.    The flat is full of charm with its wooden floor and its molding typically Parisian. It is really functional with on one side the kitchen, a bar and a dining room. And on the other side a large living room with couches, chaires and a television. The bedroom is spacious and enjoyable. All my equiments are yours during your stay: washing machine, television, coffee maker Nespresso. The neighborhood is full of life. There are lots of restaurants: Le Dépanneur, la Buvette…., bars (le Mansart, Bla bla bla…). The flat is located between Montmartre and the center of Paris. Pigalle is at 5 minutes walking. It is well  located with the line 2 and 13 of the metro to go quickly to Charles de Gaulle airport. There are lots of taxi in this area. Guest hav
6224	Welcome in my parisian appartment, and enjoy a bright and quiet stay at the fourth floor of a typical parisian building. With a nice living room + kitchen, two extra rooms and a small bathroom, you will definitely enjoy your stay. The warm and cosy rooms will make you feel at home really quickly. The flat is pretty well connected with a metro station at less than 50 meters walking, a velib station and plenty of bus lines, you can visit all of the most famous places of paris. You can go walking to the Galeries Lafayettes, Pigalle, and if you feell in shape, to Montmartre!! It is also next to the famous Rue des Martyrs, and Pigalle, you will enjoy living the life in this area, full of restaurants, bars, shops, music halls (La Cigalle, le Divan du Monde, etc.) and even some of the most famous clubs of Paris (Bus palladium, etc.). Want to come? Be my guest!! 	Welcome in my parisian appartment, and enjoy a bright and quiet stay at the fourth floor of a typical parisian building. With a nice living room + kitchen, two extra rooms and a small bathroom, you will definitely enjoy your stay. The warm and cosy rooms will make you feel at home really quickly. The flat is pretty well connected with a metro station at less than 50 meters walking, a velib station and plenty of bus lines, you can visit all of the most famous places of paris. You can go walking to the Galeries Lafayettes, Pigalle, and if you feell in shape, to Montmartre!! It is also next to the famous Rue des Martyrs, and Pigalle, you will enjoy living the life in this area, full of restaurants, bars, shops, music halls (La Cigalle, le Divan du Monde, etc.) and even some of the most famous clubs of Paris (Bus palladium, etc.). Want to come? Be my guest!! 
6225	This 120 square-meter apartment is located in the city . The area is lively and has both luxury shops and casual restaurants.	This 120 square-meter apartment is located in the city . The area is lively and has both luxury shops and casual restaurants.
6226	My apartment is very welcoming, comfortable and decorated with a typically Parisian taste! You can sleep two easily, and feel like home, but with the comfort of a hotel and a very quiet bedroom.  CHECK IN BEFORE 8 PM	"In the heart of the trendy and typical Paris, my big 65-square/meters 1 bedroom apt welcomes you for an unforgettable stay in the city of lights! Fully equipped and very comfortable, feel both at home and in a luxury hotel!  My apartment is very welcoming, comfortable and decorated with a typically Parisian taste! You can sleep two easily, and feel like home, but with the comfort of a hotel and a very quiet bedroom.  CHECK IN BEFORE 8 PM Lift; the Internet, washing machine, dishwasher, microwave, tub in the bathroom, TV, and many books! Emails and telephone, anytime! The district offers everything Paris has to offer: 5-min walk to the Moulin Rouge, near Montmartre, near the ""Grands magasins"", theaters (movies and plays), bars and restaurants everywhere.  CENTRAL PARIS. Many buses (phone number hidden)), subway (lines 2, 12 and 13) at Place de Clichy, Blanche and Pigalle. Easy access to Roissy airport with the bus to and from Opéra. Car park behind the building.   Je reste disponible po"
6227	The apartment opens onto the bright living room, composed of a day area - on the right - and a kitchen, on the left. The windows, which can be partially blacked-out, overlook the dome and the golden angels of the lavish Opera Garnier. On the left wall is the door leading into the bathroom, with tub, basin and electric toilet.  At the back, on the left wall, you find the kitchen, with many cupboards, exploiting the sloping ceiling, and plenty of storage space. A granite countertop separates the kitchen from a travertine table, a unique and elegant piece of furniture.  The right wall of the day area, separated by a low beam, is furnished with a double sofa bed (140 cm) and a TV cabinet.  A door on the right leads into the bedroom, furnished with a double bed (160 cm), a wall closet taking up the entire wall, and a low cabinet located under the ceiling.  The window can be totally blacked out.	Bright one bedroom apartment with views of the Opera Garnier, of about 55sqm, located on the 5th floor of a Haussmanian building (with elevator only to the fourth floor), close to Place de l’Opera, in the very heart of Paris. The apartment opens onto the bright living room, composed of a day area - on the right - and a kitchen, on the left. The windows, which can be partially blacked-out, overlook the dome and the golden angels of the lavish Opera Garnier. On the left wall is the door leading into the bathroom, with tub, basin and electric toilet.  At the back, on the left wall, you find the kitchen, with many cupboards, exploiting the sloping ceiling, and plenty of storage space. A granite countertop separates the kitchen from a travertine table, a unique and elegant piece of furniture.  The right wall of the day area, separated by a low beam, is furnished with a double sofa bed (140 cm) and a TV cabinet.  A door on the right leads into the bedroom, furnished with a double bed (160 cm
6228	Two comfortable rooms, very bright, on the 8th floor with lift, ideally located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. Splendid view of the city and very convenient to visit Paris (7 subway lines within walking distance). Perfect for a couple but can accommodate up to 4 people with a sofa bed in the lounge. To note : there is only a thick curtain between the lounge and the bedroom. 	Two comfortable rooms, very bright, on the 8th floor with lift, ideally located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. Splendid view of the city and very convenient to visit Paris (7 subway lines within walking distance). Two comfortable rooms, very bright, on the 8th floor with lift, ideally located in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. Splendid view of the city and very convenient to visit Paris (7 subway lines within walking distance). Perfect for a couple but can accommodate up to 4 people with a sofa bed in the lounge. To note : there is only a thick curtain between the lounge and the bedroom.  Free Wi fi, kitchen, microwaves, tea, coffee and chocolate available. Towels and linens provided. I will be very happy to give you some advices to discover this beautiful city like a real parisian ! Located between the Opera, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre, you can walk from the apartment to many must see places of the city(… Shopping areas are also close to the flat and lovely restaurants. T
6229	Tout équipé très lumineux et calme de 52 m2 en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du métro Madeleine/Opéra/Havre-Caumartain. 5ème étage avec ascenseur, sur cour. Tout près : la Place Vendôme, les Tuileries, le Louvre, Grands Magasins, Madeleine. Restaurants, cinémas, bars, sorties culturelles. possibilité 3 pers. Visiophone et gardienne. L'appartement vient d'être rénové.  	Renovated 52 m2 (560sq feet) in the very center of Paris :  8 metro stations, a direct bus coming from Roissy airport. Little walking distance from the Louvre, Place Vendôme, Galeries Lafayette, Opéra. Restaurants. (email hidden)fa-bed. Housekeeper.  Tout équipé très lumineux et calme de 52 m2 en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du métro Madeleine/Opéra/Havre-Caumartain. 5ème étage avec ascenseur, sur cour. Tout près : la Place Vendôme, les Tuileries, le Louvre, Grands Magasins, Madeleine. Restaurants, cinémas, bars, sorties culturelles. possibilité 3 pers. Visiophone et gardienne. L'appartement vient d'être rénové.  La cuisine et la salle de bain sont tout équipé. Machine à laver la vaisselle, le linge, machine à café, micro-onde et four, bouilloire, fer à repasser... The kitchen is equipped with washing machine, microwave, oven,  kettle, coffee maker, dishwasher, fridge, oven and vitro-ceramic stove, spices... All linens and sheets are provided Je suis à la disposition des voyageurs 
6230	Welcome to my modern and well furnished one-bedroom 40 sqm apartment located in a small and calm residence but in a lively and chic neighborhood! The apartement can host up to 4 people: 1 king-size bed (160 cm) and a queen-size (140 cm) sofa-bed in the (website hidden) worries to have during your stay, it is well equipped: fully equipped open kitchen with a dish-washer, induction burner, oven, espresso machine ; wireless internet ; bathroom with shower and separated toilets, etc.	Comfortable, tastefully decorated & bright, my two room apartment will be the perfect nest for a couple, but can host up to 4 people. It’s located in the 9th arrondissement - a typical Parisian bobo & friendly neighborhood ! Welcome to my modern and well furnished one-bedroom 40 sqm apartment located in a small and calm residence but in a lively and chic neighborhood! The apartement can host up to 4 people: 1 king-size bed (160 cm) and a queen-size (140 cm) sofa-bed in the (website hidden) worries to have during your stay, it is well equipped: fully equipped open kitchen with a dish-washer, induction burner, oven, espresso machine ; wireless internet ; bathroom with shower and separated toilets, etc. You’ll have exclusive access to the whole apartment. Will gladly give you tips on how to spend the perfect stay in Paris :-) Welcome to the nice ninth (yes, I’m proud of that!) arrondissement of Paris, a very central area, chic and bobo, quiet and lively, closed by walk to many big tourist
6231	We propose you to stay in a comfortable fully furnished apartment located in one of the most central and trendy parts of Paris (9th), between Montmartre and Opera, at rue des Martyrs. Rue des Martyrs is one of the most popular in Paris and well known for its stylish shops and fabulous restaurants. You won't have to walk more than a few meters to find full access to neighborhood markets, restaurants, carry-out, bars, several wonderful bakeries, the abundance of charcutterie, maison du fromage and anything else you might imagine. The 9th really contains the best of Paris. Despite the great and lively location, the apartment is located in a courtyard away from all the noise. The windows open up to a quiet garden where in spring and summer time you can see a variety of flowers. The one bedroom apartment (separate bedroom and living) room includes an upgraded bathroom (with a great pressure) and a fully equipped new kitchen (microwave, oven, electric cooking pads, nespresso machine, blender	Planning a trip to Paris and want to live like a real Parisian ? This apartement is a typical 2 rooms.   We propose you to stay in a comfortable fully furnished apartment located in one of the most central and trendy parts of Paris (9th), between Montmartre and Opera, at rue des Martyrs. Rue des Martyrs is one of the most popular in Paris and well known for its stylish shops and fabulous restaurants. You won't have to walk more than a few meters to find full access to neighborhood markets, restaurants, carry-out, bars, several wonderful bakeries, the abundance of charcutterie, maison du fromage and anything else you might imagine. The 9th really contains the best of Paris. Despite the great and lively location, the apartment is located in a courtyard away from all the noise. The windows open up to a quiet garden where in spring and summer time you can see a variety of flowers. The one bedroom apartment (separate bedroom and living) room includes an upgraded bathroom (with a great press
6232		Tout près de Montmartre (Sacré Coeur) et de l'Opéra Garnier, c'est un joli studio avec une déco design en rez-de-chaussée donnant sur la cour. Idéal pour un couple qui veut découvrir Paris. Draps et serviettes fournis.
6233	Trévise is a luminous modern apartment in a classic Haussmanian building, providing guests an exquisite Zen-like refuge in the heart of Paris. Situated on romantic place de Trévise, home of the charming Fontaine de la Cité de Trévise featuring three striking water nymphs at its center, this tranquil apartment is nevertheless just a few short blocks from major metro stations, theaters, and shopping. Ideal for those looking to live in high contemporary Parisian style. Area : The Grands Boulevards, Grevin Museum, the Grand Rex cinema with the biggest screen in Paris, Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, Sacre Coeur, the Canal Saint-Martin – all are within easy reach from Trévise. On the very trendy rue des Martyrs and in the Montorgueil area, you’ll find the best food shops of the capital city, as well as many irresistible shops, cafes and typically Parisian restaurants.	Trévise is a luminous modern apartment in a classic Haussmanian building, providing guests an exquisite Zen-like refuge in the heart of Paris. Situated on romantic place de Trévise, home of the charming Fontaine de la Cité de Trévise featuring three striking water nymphs at its center, this tranquil apartment is nevertheless just a few short blocks from major metro stations, theaters, and shopping. Ideal for those looking to live in high contemporary Parisian style. Area : The Grands Boulevards, Grevin Museum, the Grand Rex cinema with the biggest screen in Paris, Galeries Lafayette, Opera Garnier, Sacre Coeur, the Canal Saint-Martin – all are within easy reach from Trévise. On the very trendy rue des Martyrs and in the Montorgueil area, you’ll find the best food shops of the capital city, as well as many irresistible shops, cafes and typically Parisian restaurants. The entire property is available to our guests. We welcome our guests to the apartment to hand over the keys, explain how
6234	This is a studio with excellent cost performance. Located in the intensive tourists area, Grands Boulevards, it is outstandingly embraced by a bunch of 7*24 groceries and casual bars, with amazing convenience of transport and living. Though situated in a noisy downtown area, the room is faced to the inner corridor, which ensures a quite and sweet night. For your attention, so far there is no accessibility to a lift, walking becomes the only way to get to the 4th floor(5th floor in US or Asia). A queen bed is provided with all the accessories for an easeful sleep and an American kitchen facilitates your stay. Therefore, the studio is perfectly matched to young couples and friends for a rejoicing holiday.  Transportation is of great convenience for this adorable room. It is surrounded by dozens of tourists’ attractions and department stores that allows you a fascinating exploration to Paris. Within 15 minutes walk, you can reach the Opera, the Louvre, Galleries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.	This is a studio with excellent cost performance. Located in the intensive tourists area, Grands Boulevards, it is outstandingly embraced by a bunch of 7*24 groceries and casual bars, with amazing convenience of transport and living. This is a studio with excellent cost performance. Located in the intensive tourists area, Grands Boulevards, it is outstandingly embraced by a bunch of 7*24 groceries and casual bars, with amazing convenience of transport and living. Though situated in a noisy downtown area, the room is faced to the inner corridor, which ensures a quite and sweet night. For your attention, so far there is no accessibility to a lift, walking becomes the only way to get to the 4th floor(5th floor in US or Asia). A queen bed is provided with all the accessories for an easeful sleep and an American kitchen facilitates your stay. Therefore, the studio is perfectly matched to young couples and friends for a rejoicing holiday.  Transportation is of great convenience for this ador
6235	"Room to rent in a nice haussmannian-style flat of 48m2, near the subway station Cadet (Paris, 9th arrondissement). Charming district between the Grands boulevards and Montmartre. 10 minutes walking from Opera. The flat is located near ""rue des Martyrs"", in a very living district with a lot of little shops, restaurants and bars to discover. The room is very nice (moulding, parquet floor, chimney) for one or two persons, with a sofa bed for two persons. You will have access to our bathroom (with large shower), fitted kitchen (fridge, oven, micro-waves, hot plate), pleasant living room and wi-fi. We are a young couple working in cultural field. We would be pleased to welcome you and give you advice for your outings during your stay in Paris. We would be very happy to make you discover the Paris we love ! See you soon, Stéphanie & Charles"	"Room to rent in a nice haussmannian-style flat of 48m2, near the subway station Cadet (Paris, 9th arrondissement). Charming district between the Grands boulevards and Montmartre. 10 minutes walking from Opera. The flat is located near ""rue des Martyrs"", in a very living district with a lot of little shops, restaurants and bars to discover. The room is very nice (moulding, parquet floor, chimney) for one or two persons, with a sofa bed for two persons. You will have access to our bathroom (with large shower), fitted kitchen (fridge, oven, micro-waves, hot plate), pleasant living room and wi-fi. We are a young couple working in cultural field. We would be pleased to welcome you and give you advice for your outings during your stay in Paris. We would be very happy to make you discover the Paris we love ! See you soon, Stéphanie & Charles"
6236	*ELEGANT LOFT FULL OF CHARM WITH GREENING TERRACE  Be welcome !  We propose you our 52 sqm loft, contemporary decorated and ideally situated at the heart of the Parisian’s night and day life.  The apartment consists of a lounge of 30 sqm having a real comfortable convertible bed for 2 persons, of a fully equipped American style kitchen, of a room with dressing room and quality bed for 2 persons, of a bathroom with embedded bathtub, a laundry and separated toilets.  Benefiting from a clear view, it is equipped with windows on all its length and is bathed by light throughout the day.  From the lounge, you will reach a 20 sqm teak terrace on which you can take your meals or a sunbath in the middle of a plentiful vegetation, and in an absolute silence.  > EQUIPMENTS  Kitchen : dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, halogen cooktop , oven, Nespresso coffee machine (the Clooney’s touch), utensils, dishes, etc…  Lounge : 4 seats sofa, convertible into comfortable bed for 2 persons, television, DV	*ELEGANT LOFT FULL OF CHARM WITH GREENING TERRACE  Be welcome !  We propose you our 52 sqm loft, contemporary decorated and ideally situated at the heart of the Parisian’s night and day life.  The apartment consists of a lounge of 30 sqm having a real comfortable convertible bed for 2 persons, of a fully equipped American style kitchen, of a room with dressing room and quality bed for 2 persons, of a bathroom with embedded bathtub, a laundry and separated toilets.  Benefiting from a clear view, it is equipped with windows on all its length and is bathed by light throughout the day.  From the lounge, you will reach a 20 sqm teak terrace on which you can take your meals or a sunbath in the middle of a plentiful vegetation, and in an absolute silence.  > EQUIPMENTS  Kitchen : dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, halogen cooktop , oven, Nespresso coffee machine (the Clooney’s touch), utensils, dishes, etc…  Lounge : 4 seats sofa, convertible into comfortable bed for 2 persons, television, DV
6237	L’appartement, d’une surface de 37m2 peut accueillir 2 à 3 personnes (4 si famille avec enfants). Il se compose d’une grande chambre avec un vrai lit et d’une cuisine ouverte sur un salon comportant un canapé lit très confortable.  Ce « deux pièces » de charme est entièrement équipé :  - Multimédia : Wifi, Télé écran plat, Lecteur DVD, petite enceinte musique Bluetooth. - Cuisine : Four/Micro Onde, Lave Vaisselle, Frigo/congélateur, Grille Pain, Presse Agrume électrique, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire. - SdB : Lave Linge, Sèche Cheveux, lisseur Babyliss, cabine de douche, serviettes.	"Location, location, location : Most convenient way to visit Paris. In the center of Paris, near Montmartre and its Cathedral ""le Sacré Coeur"". Area with many restaurants, bars and shops. 37 square meters. Ideal for a couple or a family. L’appartement, d’une surface de 37m2 peut accueillir 2 à 3 personnes (4 si famille avec enfants). Il se compose d’une grande chambre avec un vrai lit et d’une cuisine ouverte sur un salon comportant un canapé lit très confortable.  Ce « deux pièces » de charme est entièrement équipé :  - Multimédia : Wifi, Télé écran plat, Lecteur DVD, petite enceinte musique Bluetooth. - Cuisine : Four/Micro Onde, Lave Vaisselle, Frigo/congélateur, Grille Pain, Presse Agrume électrique, plaques de cuisson, bouilloire. - SdB : Lave Linge, Sèche Cheveux, lisseur Babyliss, cabine de douche, serviettes. remise et récupération des clés en main propre, conseils sur le quartier, les restaurants, les bars, les balades, ... Concernant le quartier, l’appartement est situé en bas"
6238	Welcome to your new studio. This is a studio of 15 sqm located on the sixth floor (NO ELEVATOR) in the neighborhood of the ninth arrondissement of Paris. It is refurbished and typically parisian. The studio is equipped with a double bed (160 * 200) for two people. For your entertainment, the studio is equipped with a large plasma TV and Blu-Ray. Internet Wifi. You will find a kitchenette with mini oven and hotplates. Coffee Machine Bosch Tassimo. Plastic cutlery. The private bathroom is inside the studio.	Refurbished and typically parisian under roofs. Studio equipped with a double bed (160 * 200) for two people. This accommodation is ideal for singles or couples wishing to discover the heart of Paris with economic budget. Straight/Gay Friendly. Welcome to your new studio. This is a studio of 15 sqm located on the sixth floor (NO ELEVATOR) in the neighborhood of the ninth arrondissement of Paris. It is refurbished and typically parisian. The studio is equipped with a double bed (160 * 200) for two people. For your entertainment, the studio is equipped with a large plasma TV and Blu-Ray. Internet Wifi. You will find a kitchenette with mini oven and hotplates. Coffee Machine Bosch Tassimo. Plastic cutlery. The private bathroom is inside the studio. The studio is located next to one of the largest shopping areas of Paris. The largest luxury store in Paris is five minute walk. Here are the approximate times of travel on foot: Moulin Rouge: 5 minutes  Boulevard Haussmann: 10 minutes  Opera: 
6239	Situated on 1st Floor (easy for luggage), private wc and shower (INSIDE APPARTMENT, NOT SHARED), small kitchen (induction hot plate, microwave, coffee-maker, electric kettle, etc), sofa bed Ikea Hagalund (120x196 sleeping space), bed linen and towels provided (shampoo, shower gel, soap, etc). 	Small studio, clean and functional, located in the center of Paris (Opéra), close to Galleries Lafayette, L’Opéra Garnier (900m), Moulin Rouge (1000m), metro Cadet (180m or 3min), Notre-Dame-de-Lorette (3min), etc.           Situated on 1st Floor (easy for luggage), private wc and shower (INSIDE APPARTMENT, NOT SHARED), small kitchen (induction hot plate, microwave, coffee-maker, electric kettle, etc), sofa bed Ikea Hagalund (120x196 sleeping space), bed linen and towels provided (shampoo, shower gel, soap, etc).  Secure court (2 digicodes and concierge), very calm.  Located between the chic Boulevard Haussmann with Grands Magasins (Lafayette) and piquant Place Pigalle and Moulin Rouge.   15 min from Gare de l'Est and Gare de Nord. Metro Cadet - 200m, bus station - in the front of building Towels, bed linen, all other products - free of charge.
6240	Luxury Apartment in Montmartre ! 500 meters of Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge ! Metro Access : Line 12 and 2 ( Abbesses and Blanche ) - Wifi internet Conection - Shampoo - Wooden Terrace - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Just next to the Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur !!! Subway from 100 Meters ( Abbesses et Blanche ) , ligne 12 et 2 ! - Internet Wifi - Walkin shower - TV  - DVD Player - Kitchen - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur Métro à 100 Metres ( Abbesses et Blanche ) , ligne 12 et 2 ! - Internet Wifi - Douche à l'Italienne - Télévision  - Lecteur DVD - Cuisine équipée - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur Métro à 100 Metres ( Abbesses et Blanche ) , ligne 12 et 2 !	You'll like The Luxury Amélie Apartment in the Center of Montmartre !!! Next to the Sacré Coeur , Moulin Rouge, Epicerie Amélie Poulin ! This is amazing appartment with a Luxury Zen Garden for romantic diner !!! Luxury Apartment in Montmartre ! 500 meters of Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge ! Metro Access : Line 12 and 2 ( Abbesses and Blanche ) - Wifi internet Conection - Shampoo - Wooden Terrace - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Just next to the Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur !!! Subway from 100 Meters ( Abbesses et Blanche ) , ligne 12 et 2 ! - Internet Wifi - Walkin shower - TV  - DVD Player - Kitchen - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur Métro à 100 Metres ( Abbesses et Blanche ) , ligne 12 et 2 ! - Internet Wifi - Douche à l'Italienne - Télévision  - Lecteur DVD - Cuisine équipée - Restaurant très bon - Animation très sympa - Moulin Rouge, Place du Tertre , Sacré Coeur Métro à 100 Metres ( Abbesses et Blan
6241	My direct balcony with a view on the garden and the Museum of the Romantic Life ! La balcon avec un vue sur le jardin et le musée de la Vie Romantique Close to every Subway lines, walking distance from the living 9th and Montmartre, and shopping ares as Galeries Lafayette.  Proche de toutes les lignes de métro, proximité immédiate des quartiers vivants du Paris 9è, Montmartre ainsi que les magasins Galeries Lafayette, le printemps... Very often Le musée de la vie romantique  Super convenient. Close to line 2, 7, 12.  Proche de nombreuses lignes de métro et positions centrales	1bedroom charming and typical apartment, great living room and lovely balcony. Situated in the best part of the 9th area, between the shopping zone of Galeries Lafayette and Pigalle.  2 pièces charmant, avec parquet, poutres apparentes et un balcon filant, voisin du musée de la vie Romantique. My direct balcony with a view on the garden and the Museum of the Romantic Life ! La balcon avec un vue sur le jardin et le musée de la Vie Romantique Close to every Subway lines, walking distance from the living 9th and Montmartre, and shopping ares as Galeries Lafayette.  Proche de toutes les lignes de métro, proximité immédiate des quartiers vivants du Paris 9è, Montmartre ainsi que les magasins Galeries Lafayette, le printemps... Very often Le musée de la vie romantique  Super convenient. Close to line 2, 7, 12.  Proche de nombreuses lignes de métro et positions centrales Close to every Subway lines, walking distance from the living 9th and Montmartre, and shopping ares as Galeries Lafayette.
6242	Perfect for a couple, this comfortable and calm flat is located in the 9th district of Paris, rue de Rochechouart. Composed by a kitchen, a living room with a sofa bed and a bathroom open on the living separated by a curtain. This flat is close from Montmartre , Galeries Lafayette/ Printemps. You can get there  by foot.  The 9th district of Paris is popular, theaters, cinemas, bars, restaurants etc ...	Perfect for a couple, this comfortable and calm flat is located in the 9th district of Paris, rue de Rochechouart. Composed by a kitchen, a living room with a sofa bed and a bathroom open on the living separated by a curtain. This flat is close from Montmartre , Galeries Lafayette/ Printemps. You can get there  by foot.  The 9th district of Paris is popular, theaters, cinemas, bars, restaurants etc ...
6243	Just South of Montmartre and the Pigale area, ideally situated, walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra, St Lazare and the shopping district.. 4 stations from Champs-Elysée or Canal St Martin.  The 9th district is probably the best place to stay in Paris, one of the most central and trendiest areas, without loosing the homely feeling of old Paris, with its local grocery shops and small cafés and amazing restaurants.  The appartment is 40 m2, cosy and nicely decorated. Even if it is on a street bustling with activity, it is extremely calm, as it gives onto a courtyard.  The appartment is equipped with all you need to cook, dine (4 seats) and relax in the living room, watching a movie (plasma TV) or taking advantage of the comfortable bed (large computer screen available).	Just South of Montmartre and the Pigale area, ideally situated, walking distance to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra, St Lazare and the shopping district.. 4 stations from Champs-Elysée or Canal St Martin.  The 9th district is probably the best place to stay in Paris, one of the most central and trendiest areas, without loosing the homely feeling of old Paris, with its local grocery shops and small cafés and amazing restaurants.  The appartment is 40 m2, cosy and nicely decorated. Even if it is on a street bustling with activity, it is extremely calm, as it gives onto a courtyard.  The appartment is equipped with all you need to cook, dine (4 seats) and relax in the living room, watching a movie (plasma TV) or taking advantage of the comfortable bed (large computer screen available).
6244		Studio de 20 m2  au coeur de Paris dans le quartier des Grands Boulevards (Paris 9). Idéalement situé dans un quartier très vivant, il se situe au cinquième étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble très calme et sécurisé.
6245	studio simpatique et tres bien situé pour une ou deux personne ! a deux pas du moullin rouge du sacrée coeur , vous serez acceuilli dans de bonne condition ; a une trois minute du metro saint george !  profitez du charm de paris de la bonne hummeur ! Adorable appartement, entièrement indépendant et idéalement situé en plein coeur du Paris touristique. A 50 pas de l'élégante place St Georges et de sa station de métro vous profiterez d'un quartier paisible et authentique et de la proximité de nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces de bouche typiquement parisiens Adorable appartement, entièrement indépendant et idéalement situé en plein coeur du Paris touristique. A 50 pas de l'élégante place St Georges et de sa station de métro vous profiterez d'un quartier paisible et authentique et de la proximité de nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces de bouche typiquement parisiens.    Avec ses poutres apparentes et son orientation très ensoleillée, son calme du à sa situation sur une jolie co	studio simpatique et tres bien situé pour une ou deux personne ! a deux pas du moullin rouge du sacrée coeur , vous serez acceuilli dans de bonne condition ; a une trois minute du metro saint george !  profitez du charm de paris de la bonne hummeur ! studio simpatique et tres bien situé pour une ou deux personne ! a deux pas du moullin rouge du sacrée coeur , vous serez acceuilli dans de bonne condition ; a une trois minute du metro saint george !  profitez du charm de paris de la bonne hummeur ! Adorable appartement, entièrement indépendant et idéalement situé en plein coeur du Paris touristique. A 50 pas de l'élégante place St Georges et de sa station de métro vous profiterez d'un quartier paisible et authentique et de la proximité de nombreux restaurants, cafés et commerces de bouche typiquement parisiens Adorable appartement, entièrement indépendant et idéalement situé en plein coeur du Paris touristique. A 50 pas de l'élégante place St Georges et de sa station de métro vous profit
6246		 Appartement typiquement parisien, hausmanien avec moulures de 75 m2  / Très lumineux / Métro: place de clichy au pied de l'appartement / Commerces, cinéma, bistrots et restaurant à proximité / à deux pas du village des Batignolles         
6247	Appartement typiquement parisien, exceptionnellement lumineux, paisible.  Un grand salon, 2 grandes chambres (lit queen size dans chaque chambre), possibilité une personne en plus sur banquette.  Cuisine, salle de bains (baignoire). 3ème étage, pas d'ascenseur.	Très beau 3 pièces, 95m2, décoration sobre et cosy, tout confort, wifi, très lumineux, plein coeur de Paris, proche métros, 20 minutes à pied des grands magasins, Sacré Coeur, Louvre... Quartier très agréable, sûr, nombreux restaurants, bars... Calme Appartement typiquement parisien, exceptionnellement lumineux, paisible.  Un grand salon, 2 grandes chambres (lit queen size dans chaque chambre), possibilité une personne en plus sur banquette.  Cuisine, salle de bains (baignoire). 3ème étage, pas d'ascenseur. Appartement entièrement accessible, sauf petit bureau à part où les affaires du propriétaire seront rangées. Wifi gratuit, lave-linge, tout confort... Le logement est libre pour les voyageurs. Ils seront accueillis par moi-même ou une personne de confiance qui sera disponible pendant leur séjour si nécessaire. Le quartier est très agréable : beaucoup de très bons restaurants, bars branchés et sympas. Le quartier est très central et à côté de beaucoup de lieux touristiques (Montmartr
6248		Appartement situé dans le 9eme arrondissement à deux pas du Moulin Rouge et de Montmartre. Surface de 30 m2. Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 salon + 1 chambre séparée, TV, internet. Logement idéal pour passer quelques jours à Paris.
6249	The apartment is composed by 2 rooms: kitchen/living room and bed room.  It's situated at the top of the building, that's why it's very quiet and bright. 	"The apartment is situated very close to Montmartre. The ""Moulin Rouge"" is 100 meters away.  The district is festive (lot of restaurants and theaters) but the apartment is very quiet!   The apartment is composed by 2 rooms: kitchen/living room and bed room.  It's situated at the top of the building, that's why it's very quiet and bright.  Guests have access to all equipments (TV, Kitchen, Nespresso...)  Very festive neighborhood. The district is situated between Montmartre and Opéra / Grands Magasins Lines 2 and 13"
6250	Well Equiped, confortable beds. Hi Fi chaine top of the range.	5 pieces, 3 private bedrooms, big kitchen, double living room, bathroom with bath and shower, separated toilets. Additional sofa-bed for 2 in a part of the double living room which can be closed. 120 m2. Haussmanian building, typically parisien. Well Equiped, confortable beds. Hi Fi chaine top of the range. The whole flat We'll welcome you and help you for any question or advise Perfect location for visiting Paris and enjoying a pleasant aerea. On the boulevard, cafés concert halls and theatres. Rue des Martyrs : high quality food shops, supermarkets, restaurants and bars. Abbesses aerea, lively, many restaurants, cafes, theatre and trendy shops. 5 minutes walk to Montmartre funicular, 10 minutes to Sacré Coeur, 5 minutes to Moulin rouge.  Il you walk by the streets and stairs of Montmartre village, you’d discover the bateau lavoir, the moulin de la galette, the place du Tertre, “Le lapin agile” cabaret, the vineyard. You could stop and visit the Montmartre museum or Salvator Dali Muse
6251	Very luminous studio with three large windows. The apartment is ideal for two persons and is located on the first floor of a recently renovated building with an elevator. There is a well furnished kitchen (fridge, freezer, hotplates), a convertible sofa, desk, and bathroom with wc and shower. Bed linen and towels are provided, electrical heating, high speed wifi, everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris.	Very central studio, luminous and cozy. Its proximity to many famous areas such as Le Louvre Museum, the Opera or the Haussmann department stores (Galeries Lafayette, Printemps, etc.) makes it ideal for a comfortable stay in Paris. Very luminous studio with three large windows. The apartment is ideal for two persons and is located on the first floor of a recently renovated building with an elevator. There is a well furnished kitchen (fridge, freezer, hotplates), a convertible sofa, desk, and bathroom with wc and shower. Bed linen and towels are provided, electrical heating, high speed wifi, everything you need for a comfortable stay in Paris. The apartment will be all yours, but I will be available by telephone and email should you have any questions ! A friend who lives close by will also be available should you have any problems. The apartment is very central. It is facing les Folies Bergère on the same street, and you are 10 minutes walk away from the Opera and the Boulevard Haussma
6252	Large and cozy apartment. Two large bedrooms and one smaller one. Can comfortably accommodate 7. Well exposed, quiet and in a typical Parisian building. It's also ideally located for a very enjoyable stay in Paris with family or some friends.	Cool apartment in lively, central and walkable neighborhood. Will comfortably accommodate 7 people. Equipped kitchen at your disposal. Enjoy some of the best of what Paris has to offer in a short walk. Metro close by. Large and cozy apartment. Two large bedrooms and one smaller one. Can comfortably accommodate 7. Well exposed, quiet and in a typical Parisian building. It's also ideally located for a very enjoyable stay in Paris with family or some friends. Large equipped kitchen and wifi are at your disposal. Perfect location at the feet of Montmartre in a central, cool and walkable neighborhood. Many places to go out, shop and sightsee all around. Metro lines 2, 12, 4, 7 and RERB are a short walk away. Bike sharing everywhere.
6253	Notre appartement est situé au 4eme étage (avec ascenseur) d’un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1860 sécurisé (portes d’accès avec codes et gardienne). Nous vous invitons à venir passer votre séjour sur Paris dans un appartement typique parisien alliant le charme de l’Haussmannien  (avec son parquet à chevron, ses boiseries et ses moulures anciennes) et la modernité. Toutes les pièces sont spacieuses, joliment décorés et confortables. Notre appartement permet idéalement d’accueillir un couple avec de 2 à 4 enfants mais il est également possible de venir à 2 ou 3 couples. L’appartement comprend : -une entrée qui s’ouvre directement sur une grande salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte et équipée (34 m2) dans laquelle vous pourrez prendre un verre dans sa partie bar ou un repas sur la grande table de la salle à manger. La cuisine (qui doit être entièrement refaite en juillet 2015) dispose d’un lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, frigo congélateur, grille-pain, bouilloire, machine à Nespresso, r	Bel et spacieux appartement de 165 m2 situé en plein centre de Paris prés de l’Opéra. Notre appartement est situé au 4eme étage (avec ascenseur) d’un bel immeuble haussmannien de 1860 sécurisé (portes d’accès avec codes et gardienne). Nous vous invitons à venir passer votre séjour sur Paris dans un appartement typique parisien alliant le charme de l’Haussmannien  (avec son parquet à chevron, ses boiseries et ses moulures anciennes) et la modernité. Toutes les pièces sont spacieuses, joliment décorés et confortables. Notre appartement permet idéalement d’accueillir un couple avec de 2 à 4 enfants mais il est également possible de venir à 2 ou 3 couples. L’appartement comprend : -une entrée qui s’ouvre directement sur une grande salle à manger avec cuisine ouverte et équipée (34 m2) dans laquelle vous pourrez prendre un verre dans sa partie bar ou un repas sur la grande table de la salle à manger. La cuisine (qui doit être entièrement refaite en juillet 2015) dispose d’un lave-vaisselle,
6254	Cet appartement de caractère a été rénové en 2014. 	Cet appartement de caractère a été rénové en 2014.  Quartier animé et branché avec de nombreux restaurants, bars et clubs. Appartement à 15 min à pied de Montmartre, de l'Opéra et des grands magasins.  L'appartement est facilement accessible et très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Métro : 2, 12, 13. Bus. Vélib.
6255	This charming studio of 27sqm has been totally renovated and welcome 2 adults + one child (on request). The apartment is located in 19th century Montmartre building in a small courtyard, a quiet street, near the place Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge cabaret. You are very close to the most artistic district in the capital, Montmartre, where the charm of yesteryear is still present in the cobblestone streets, wine bars and little restaurants open late into the night and playing old Parisian songs. Concert halls (la Cigale, le Trianon Palace, etc.), cabarets (chez Michou, le Lapin Agile, etc.), music halls (le Moulin Rouge, la Nouvelle Eve, etc.), and businesses populate this both lively and yet rustic district. Within a 15 minute walk is the Opera and the Galeries Lafayette, and within 30 minutes is the Louvre and Chatelet/les Halles	Furnished studio in the heart of Montmartre district is perfect for 2 adults and 1 child. The apartment is located in a quite street, in a small courtyard and yet it's' very close to all the public transport (metro, buses). This charming studio of 27sqm has been totally renovated and welcome 2 adults + one child (on request). The apartment is located in 19th century Montmartre building in a small courtyard, a quiet street, near the place Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge cabaret. You are very close to the most artistic district in the capital, Montmartre, where the charm of yesteryear is still present in the cobblestone streets, wine bars and little restaurants open late into the night and playing old Parisian songs. Concert halls (la Cigale, le Trianon Palace, etc.), cabarets (chez Michou, le Lapin Agile, etc.), music halls (le Moulin Rouge, la Nouvelle Eve, etc.), and businesses populate this both lively and yet rustic district. Within a 15 minute walk is the Opera and the Galeries Lafaye
6256	It is located on the 2nd floor with a large elevator in a beautiful building, very good security with two doors of protection outside. You have access to the studio with an area of approximately 25m2, which can accommodate up to 4 peoples.	Super apartment that offers you a pleasant and comfortable environment! Located in the historic center of Paris, between the Opera and the church Madeleine. It is located on the 2nd floor with a large elevator in a beautiful building, very good security with two doors of protection outside. You have access to the studio with an area of approximately 25m2, which can accommodate up to 4 peoples. The studio is locked very well equipped: loft and bunk beds allow you to use double space on the floor where is put a sofa with chaise. It is equipped with a spacious living room with a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom, hot water for 24hrs. The studio is equipped with WIFI and TV, refrigerator, cabinet, table, all the furniture is new. There is also the boiler, Nespresso coffee machine, DVD, Bluetooth, everything that will make your stay super convenient. Emplacement est privilégié pour le shopping et les boutiques de luxe, Galeries Lafayette, printemps à moins de 5min à Pied.  L'accès à la 
6257	In a family apartment very well located, near  lines 2 , 12 and 13 of the metro ( station Place de Clichy , Blanche, Abbesses ), fully refurbished, design, bright and quiet yet close to all transport and shops, I rent a colorful and lively room with use of bathroom and kitchen . The room, with an area of 15 m2, can accommodate two people ( double bed and extra bed 120m) and a baby bed is also available (extra 15 euros) . The triple glazed windows offers an unobstructed view. Bed linen and towels are provided. Household will be provided before and after your departure. The bright bathroom also allows the use of washer and dryer. Iron and ironing board, hair dryer, Wi -Fi, use of a kitchen : it's the ideal to discover or rediscover Paris with the feeling of being at home. Longer stay (one to three months, students or trainees ) possible.	In a family apartment very well located, near  lines 2 , 12 and 13 of the metro ( station Place de Clichy , Blanche, Abbesses ), fully refurbished, design, bright and quiet yet close to all transport and shops, I rent a colorful and lively room with use of bathroom and kitchen . The room, with an area of 15 m2, can accommodate two people ( double bed and extra bed 120m) and a baby bed is also available (extra 15 euros) . The triple glazed windows offers an unobstructed view. Bed linen and towels are provided. Household will be provided before and after your departure. The bright bathroom also allows the use of washer and dryer. Iron and ironing board, hair dryer, Wi -Fi, use of a kitchen : it's the ideal to discover or rediscover Paris with the feeling of being at home. Longer stay (one to three months, students or trainees ) possible.
6258	Il est très confortable et spacieux 85 m2 Décoration très française 19ème siècle  2 balcons, un côté cuisine dînatoire et l'autre longeant les 2 chambres avec vue sur le sacré cœur.  4 lignes de métro sont accessibles : 7,8,9,12 4 personnes maximum	Vivre une expérience du XIXème à l'heure de l'Internet. Cet appartement vous fait voyager et vous invite à traverser les siècles d'histoire.  Décoration très soignée, soucis du détail et du bien être, accueil attentif et chaleureux, vous êtes à Paris Il est très confortable et spacieux 85 m2 Décoration très française 19ème siècle  2 balcons, un côté cuisine dînatoire et l'autre longeant les 2 chambres avec vue sur le sacré cœur.  4 lignes de métro sont accessibles : 7,8,9,12 4 personnes maximum Appartement entièrement libre aux voyageurs.  Je suis disponible pour tous renseignements sur l'appartement et sur Paris.  Les voyageurs seront seuls dans l'appartement.  Quartier très parisien : Opéra, Galeries Lafayette, Montmartre, les passages couverts Métro lignes 7,8,9 et 12 Parking gardé à 200m.  Taxi environ 50€ depuis l'aéroport CDG sinon RER jusqu'à Gare du Nord puis métro ou bus Vous pouvez régler soit en espèces soit par virement bancaire soit par PAYPAL 
6259		Cet appartement situé dans le haut du 9e est idéal pour découvrir Montmartre, la rue des martyrs, les Batignolles. Au 3e étage, l'appart est composé d'un grand salon lumineux, une chambre avec lit double, une cuisine équipée, et une salle de bain.
6260		Appartement de réception haussmannien, lumineux, entièrement rénové par un architecte, au carrefour des 9ème et 8ème arrd, au cœur de Paris, à quelques minutes à pied des Grands Magasins (Printemps et Galeries Lafayette).
6261	This 50 sqm (~530 sq ft) furnished apartment is located in a lively area in Paris 9th arrondissement, between Cadet and Grand Boulevards (Folies Bergères, Grands Magasins, Opéra Garnier, musée Grévin, Montorgueil, lots of restaurants, bars, theater, ..) Renovated. Loft style. Contemporary touch. Ground floor on a courtyard side. Under a large bay window on the ceiling, it includes a living room and a dining room, 1 bedroom with a walk-in closet, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk-in shower and separate WC. It enjoys zenithal light from its bay windows.	This 50 sqm furnished apartment is located in a lively area in Paris 9th arrondissement, between Cadet and Grand Boulevards (Folies Bergères, Grands Magasins, Opéra, ...) Includes  Living room , 1 bedroom with a walk-in shower, separate WC    This 50 sqm (~530 sq ft) furnished apartment is located in a lively area in Paris 9th arrondissement, between Cadet and Grand Boulevards (Folies Bergères, Grands Magasins, Opéra Garnier, musée Grévin, Montorgueil, lots of restaurants, bars, theater, ..) Renovated. Loft style. Contemporary touch. Ground floor on a courtyard side. Under a large bay window on the ceiling, it includes a living room and a dining room, 1 bedroom with a walk-in closet, a fully equipped kitchen, a bathroom with walk-in shower and separate WC. It enjoys zenithal light from its bay windows. Guests can call me or send me an email for every questions - Apartment at 5 minutes by walking from Cadet station (ligne 7) and Grand Boulevards station (ligne 8 and 9) - Gare du Nord : 
6262	Our apartment is an haven in Paris and we live there most of the year!  Near the Moulin Rouge in Montmartre area, this large 3 bedroom apartment is on the 2nd floor of an Haussmann building (built 1880, ceiling moldings), very calm and sunny as you can guess on photos. The large living room and the recently renovated kitchen face the gardens. The bedrooms are also very calm, fresh and face a large courtyard. In summer, the courtyard is really more fresh that the street  because it is in the shade. So we do not need air conditioning. No street noise! The bathroom includes a bath and a stand-up shower as well as a washing machine and a drying in the laundry. The WC is separate. The location is very central with Montmartre 300 meters north and Opera and Grands magasins (1km south). You can continue to walk on the avenue de l'opera and arrives at the Louvre. We are also near the line 2 that is very practical to go and come from the Charles de Gaulle airport : take the RER B until Gare du N	Our apartment is an haven in Paris and we live there most of the year!  Near the Moulin Rouge in Montmartre area, this large 3 bedroom apartment is on the 2nd floor of an Haussmann building (built 1880, ceiling moldings), very calm and sunny as you can guess on photos. The large living room and the recently renovated kitchen face the gardens. The bedrooms are also very calm, fresh and face a large courtyard. In summer, the courtyard is really more fresh that the street  because it is in the shade. So we do not need air conditioning. No street noise! The bathroom includes a bath and a stand-up shower as well as a washing machine and a drying in the laundry. The WC is separate. The location is very central with Montmartre 300 meters north and Opera and Grands magasins (1km south). You can continue to walk on the avenue de l'opera and arrives at the Louvre. We are also near the line 2 that is very practical to go and come from the Charles de Gaulle airport : take the RER B until Gare du N
6263	1 living room with an opened kitchen 2 bedrooms with double beds 1 bedroom with a single bed 1 big dressing 1 office room 1 bathroom	1 living room with an opened kitchen 2 bedrooms with double beds 1 bedroom with a single bed 1 big dressing 1 office room 1 bathroom You'll have acces to the entire appartment
6264	L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Paris, à quelques minutes à pieds de Montmartre, du Moulin Rouge, de l'Opéra et des Grands magasins (Galeries Lafayette, un endroit très prisé pour le shopping). Le quartier est très animé, avec de nombreux restaurants, et des théâtres. L'appartement est proche du métro et des bus, moins de 5 minutes à pieds. L'appartement est très lumineux, en étage élevé (4ème étage) avec un ascenseur. Il est composé, d'un grand salon, d'une chambre avec un lit deux places, une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine ouverte toute équipée (lave vaisselle, lave linge, grand frigo, four, machine à café...). C'est un endroit idéal pour passer un séjour inoubliable à Paris. Vous garderez de très bons souvenirs !	Close to Montmartre, Sacré coeur and Moulin Rouge by walk. Really nice restaurants and bars around. 2 min from the subway Pigalle (L2, L12) or St George (L12). Fully equipped kitchen. Entire apartment Subway: Line 2 Pigalle, L12 Pigalle or Saint George Many buses  Velib Station at the corner
6265	Charming one bedroom flat in the 9th arrondissement (30 sq. meters). Ideal if you are looking to discover the heart of Paris. The apartment offers a large living room, one bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet . It faces a private courtyard on the third floor of a calm building. The bedroom has one double bed. There is a pull out couch for two people in the living room. The flat is fully equipped, you will have access to wireless internet, and a  fully equipped kitchen. Clean linens, towels, and hairdryer are included. Both the neighborhood and building are fully secured (two door codes). The flat is located in the heart of the “Rue des Martyrs” neighborhood, a charming street that runs down from the Sacré-Coeur all the way to the  Notre-Dame-de-Lorette Church. “SoPi” (South Pigalle) is definitively one of the coolest places to stay at in Paris. It is a lovely area full of typical Paris cafés, fine groceries,  and other gastronomy shops.Ideally situated between Montmartre and the	Charming one bedroom flat in the 9th arrondissement (30 sq. meters). Ideal if you are looking to discover the heart of Paris. The apartment offers a large living room, one bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom and a toilet . It faces a private courtyard on the third floor of a calm building. The bedroom has one double bed. There is a pull out couch for two people in the living room. The flat is fully equipped, you will have access to wireless internet, and a  fully equipped kitchen. Clean linens, towels, and hairdryer are included. Both the neighborhood and building are fully secured (two door codes). The flat is located in the heart of the “Rue des Martyrs” neighborhood, a charming street that runs down from the Sacré-Coeur all the way to the  Notre-Dame-de-Lorette Church. “SoPi” (South Pigalle) is definitively one of the coolest places to stay at in Paris. It is a lovely area full of typical Paris cafés, fine groceries,  and other gastronomy shops.Ideally situated between Montmartre and the
6266	The apartment breaks into the hallway. On the left you find two doors, one leading to the toilette and the other to the exposed kitchen, fitted with modern appliances and with countertops aplenty. On the right is a dining table and some folding chairs.  Beyond the hallway there is the spacious living room, which showcases a beautiful table with four black chairs, a three-seater sofa, a dresser displaying antique glasses, a TV with stereo, a marble fireplace and two armchairs. The room also offers some paintings dating from the 19th and the 20th century, trinkets and pieces of art.  Opposite the day area you stumble across the first bedroom - which also features Art Nouveau pieces - comprising a double bed (140 cm), a single bed (100 cm), a fireplace, a chest of drawers and a wooden desk. On the right is the foyer leading to the bathroom with basin and tub, whilst the corridor takes to the master bedroom, featuring a double bed (140 cm), a single bed (100 cm), a wooden closet to be used	Elegant two bedroom apartment for rent of about 80 (website hidden) located in the 9th arrondissement, immersed in typical Parisian atmosphere amongst Opera, Lafayette and Montmartre. The apartment breaks into the hallway. On the left you find two doors, one leading to the toilette and the other to the exposed kitchen, fitted with modern appliances and with countertops aplenty. On the right is a dining table and some folding chairs.  Beyond the hallway there is the spacious living room, which showcases a beautiful table with four black chairs, a three-seater sofa, a dresser displaying antique glasses, a TV with stereo, a marble fireplace and two armchairs. The room also offers some paintings dating from the 19th and the 20th century, trinkets and pieces of art.  Opposite the day area you stumble across the first bedroom - which also features Art Nouveau pieces - comprising a double bed (140 cm), a single bed (100 cm), a fireplace, a chest of drawers and a wooden desk. On the right is t
6267	We are located at the center of Paris : Montmartre is 10 minute far from our place quite as Opera. Le Louvre is 4 stops away by subway. Most of Paris famous sites are close to our place. Four subway lines are less than 10 minutes walking.  3 railway stations are close to our place: - La Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys and also the train to Roissy airport) -la Gare de L’Est (trains to eastern Europe) - la Gare Saint Lazare (trains to go to le Chateau de Versailles and also to Normandy) The flat is next to ours : thus, it is totally separated and you will be fully independent. It is also two-roomed, with one bedroom and a wide living room (where there are to bed-sofas). It is on the 5th floor (no elevator) and it is well furnished and equiped (dish washer, washing machine, TV, DVD, internet connection,...). We are close to many restaurants and shops and by the same time the appartment is very quiet. 	We are located at the center of Paris : Montmartre is 10 minute far from our place quite as Opera. Le Louvre is 4 stops away by subway. Most of Paris famous sites are close to our place. Four subway lines are less than 10 minutes walking.  3 railway stations are close to our place: - La Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys and also the train to Roissy airport) -la Gare de L’Est (trains to eastern Europe) - la Gare Saint Lazare (trains to go to le Chateau de Versailles and also to Normandy) The flat is next to ours : thus, it is totally separated and you will be fully independent. It is also two-roomed, with one bedroom and a wide living room (where there are to bed-sofas). It is on the 5th floor (no elevator) and it is well furnished and equiped (dish washer, washing machine, TV, DVD, internet connection,...). We are close to many restaurants and shops and by the same time the appartment is very quiet. 
6268	The view which you will enjoy is rare in Paris. Nobody across the street and the Eiffel Tower shines just for you.	Cosy 44 Sqm2 flat, 1 bedroom, 1 sitting room with a 2p sofa bed, 1 dining room with kitchen. Each room gives on a big balcony and an rare view towards the Eiffel The view which you will enjoy is rare in Paris. Nobody across the street and the Eiffel Tower shines just for you. I live in this place all year long and have may stuff in the cupboards. I will free enough room for you. My work allows me to be flexible with my schedule so we can fix a convenient moment to meet. I will not be there during your stay but you may reach me on my phone at any time. I am happy to give you my favorite addresses in the neighborhood and in Paris. Métro Saint Georges (M° 12, the dark green line) The flat is on the 5th floor and there is no elevator. The staircase is easy to go through.
6269	Charming flat on the 5th floor. 1 bedroom. With wooden flooring, beam and a fireplace. Very high ceiling, lovely natural light. Bathroom with a shower. Separate toilets. Nice living room with a large wooden table and an open kitchen. Cosy bedroom with a king size bed 1,60m/2m.	Charming apartment, 40 m2, 1 bedroom. Natural light, wooden floor and rustic beams. Located inside a beautiful classical building, Close to the Opera, Montmartre and the famous rue des Martyrs with its typical parisian shops. Nice and lively area. Charming flat on the 5th floor. 1 bedroom. With wooden flooring, beam and a fireplace. Very high ceiling, lovely natural light. Bathroom with a shower. Separate toilets. Nice living room with a large wooden table and an open kitchen. Cosy bedroom with a king size bed 1,60m/2m. 5 minutes walk to the Paris Opera, theatres, cinemas, the Galeries Lafayette and the Printemps. 10 minutes walk to Montmartre. Welcome on arrival and departure by owner or friend. On a nice day, take a stroll to the place Gustave Toudouze and enjoy the outdoor restaurants around ! You can also visit the Musée de la Vie romantique and have a tea in the garden. Access through line 12 on the metro, Trinité  station or Notre-Dame de Lorette or Saint Georges. Taxi rank on th
6270	Appartement de 90 m2, spacieux et clair.  3 grandes chambres avec lits doubles. La chambre 3 est séparée du salon part un rideau. 1 salon très confortable avec TV + internet. 1 grande cuisine toute équipée. 1 salle de bain avec toilettes.  Toilettes séparées. Troisième étage avec ascenseur.	Bonjour! Nous sommes 4 colocataires, âgés de 27 ans. Nous vous accueillons chaleureusement dans grand appartement parisien et souhaitons que votre séjour soit le meilleur possible. A très vite, Emmanuel, Gaël, Raphaël et Capucine Appartement de 90 m2, spacieux et clair.  3 grandes chambres avec lits doubles. La chambre 3 est séparée du salon part un rideau. 1 salon très confortable avec TV + internet. 1 grande cuisine toute équipée. 1 salle de bain avec toilettes.  Toilettes séparées. Troisième étage avec ascenseur. L'heure d'arrivée et de départ de l'appartement est flexible, nous pouvons en discuter ensemble. L'appartement est situé dans le 10ème arrondissement, à la frontière du 9ème et 18ème arrondissement. Il est à 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre et du Sacré Coeur, à 5 minutes à pied de la Gare du Nord et 10 minutes à pied de la Gare de l'Est. Supermarchés, alimentations, pharmacies, bars et restaurants à proximité. L'appartement est situé entre les métros Poissonnière (ligne 7), 
6271	One bedroom with one bed 2persons. In the living room the sofa can be used as a 1person (futon). One kitchen, one bathroom with shower.	Beautiful one bedroom appartement on the 4th floor of a typical building from the late 18th century. Original wooden floor, tiles, crown mouldings, chimney and miror. Bright. Very close to Opéra Garnier, Galeries Lafayette and Montmartre. One bedroom with one bed 2persons. In the living room the sofa can be used as a 1person (futon). One kitchen, one bathroom with shower. Lots of nice restaurants, cafés, shops. Center of Paris. Safe. Located in the center: lots of buses, métro lines (phone number hidden). Closest métro station si Liège line 13. Others métro stations nearbij: Place de Clichy, Trinité, St. Lazare.
6272		Lovely studio of 18 sqm in the village atmosphere district. Safe and lovely neighborhood. This studio includes a sofa bed, bathroom with bath, on the 2nd floor with a lift. Sunny.The rent includes internet, free long distance call for most of th
6273	Very central 3 rooms apartment for your holiday or business trip in Paris, ideal for a family. Bright, highly functional, charming. High-quality equipment and furniture. The apartment is located in a typical Paris building. Third Floor. The flat has two bedrooms of 15m2 et 12m2 (2 large beds 200*140 + one convertible sofa 190*160 + one folding Bultex mattress for 1 person if necessary);  TWO bathrooms (one in each bedroom) each including a spacious and comfortable Italian shower. A separate toilet. A living room (dining table with extension for 6 people, 165cm LED flat screen with 240 channels (all languages spoken, chaînes Canal+, BEIN sports)), entry hall, a kitchen equipped with oven, fridge, freezer, washer dryer, and dishwasher. Kitchen accessory, dishes. High speed optic fibre Internet, wifi, dock for Music (bluetooth), iron and ironing table, international power adapter, telephone: Unlimited phone calls to over 100 countries, Cofee Machine and capsules Amazing and lively neigbor	Very central apartment located in a safe area in a typical Paris building (well known for theaters and restaurants). Fully equiped, bright, and charming. 2 large bed and one convertible sofa. 2 independant bathrooms (in each bedroom). Close monuments Very central 3 rooms apartment for your holiday or business trip in Paris, ideal for a family. Bright, highly functional, charming. High-quality equipment and furniture. The apartment is located in a typical Paris building. Third Floor. The flat has two bedrooms of 15m2 et 12m2 (2 large beds 200*140 + one convertible sofa 190*160 + one folding Bultex mattress for 1 person if necessary);  TWO bathrooms (one in each bedroom) each including a spacious and comfortable Italian shower. A separate toilet. A living room (dining table with extension for 6 people, 165cm LED flat screen with 240 channels (all languages spoken, chaînes Canal+, BEIN sports)), entry hall, a kitchen equipped with oven, fridge, freezer, washer dryer, and dishwasher. Kitch
6274	Space and style greet you in this spacious one-bedroom Parisian apartment! Located on the first floor (one flight of stairs above the ground floor - no elevator), this apartment is a true gem, and each room has been lovingly designed with your needs in mind.  With a star-shaped floor plan, rooms are large and meet at the foyer of the apartment, which ensures privacy for travel parties of four. The living room, which faces the lively rue Fontaine, features a high-quality sofa bed designed for daily use, a dining table and four chairs, an overstuffed chair and ottoman for lounging. The living room is a great place for friends and families to gather and hang out after a day of touring the city. Double-glazed windows help keep city noise at bay. For our guests with young children, we have a travel crib and also an umbrella stroller for your use at no extra charge.  Off the other side of the entryway, you'll find the family room/study, with cable TV, a DVD player, two comfy leather club cha	Spacious flat in a trendy area, next to Moulin Rouge, Montmartre, in 9th arrondissement. Fits 2 people very comfortably but can accomodate up to 4 people. Centrally located and easy access to tube and bus stations. Space and style greet you in this spacious one-bedroom Parisian apartment! Located on the first floor (one flight of stairs above the ground floor - no elevator), this apartment is a true gem, and each room has been lovingly designed with your needs in mind.  With a star-shaped floor plan, rooms are large and meet at the foyer of the apartment, which ensures privacy for travel parties of four. The living room, which faces the lively rue Fontaine, features a high-quality sofa bed designed for daily use, a dining table and four chairs, an overstuffed chair and ottoman for lounging. The living room is a great place for friends and families to gather and hang out after a day of touring the city. Double-glazed windows help keep city noise at bay. For our guests with young childre
6275	trois accès sécurisés, l'un animé qui donne sur le boulevard de Clichy, le second plus calme est rue Robert Planquette donnant sur la rue Lepic et le dernier, plus discret donne dans la rue Véron au coeur du quartier des Abbesses avec ses nombreuses boutiques et restaurants. 	Montmartre, bel appartement de 110m² plein sud avec vue sur Paris et le Sacré-Coeur dans l'un des endroits les plus secrets de Paris. La Villa des Platanes est un village avec cours et jardins privés. trois accès sécurisés, l'un animé qui donne sur le boulevard de Clichy, le second plus calme est rue Robert Planquette donnant sur la rue Lepic et le dernier, plus discret donne dans la rue Véron au coeur du quartier des Abbesses avec ses nombreuses boutiques et restaurants.  logement entier Mariposa Paris vous accueillera avec plaisir pour votre séjour à Paris L'âme de Montmartre, ses restaurants, cafés typiques et nombreux commerçants Le Moulin-rouge est à 200m à pied Le Sacré-Coeur est à environ 10mn à pied Le Moulin de la Galette est à 5mn à pied La fameuse place duTertre réputée pour ses peintres Une Situation très centrale à Paris entre trois stations de métro : Abbesses & Pigalle (ligne 12) Blanche (ligne 2) Arrêts de bus et stations de Vélibs Deux gardiens dans la résidence Accès 
6276	This 26 sqm studio is located rue Bleue in the 9th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building. It can accommodate 2 people. This apartment is equipped with: the cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Shower and kitchen. This apartment is also provided with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Located in the center of Paris near the Galeries Lafayette and Opera (2 metro stations), within walking distance of many tourist attractions. 5 stations for go to Louvre. 7 stations for go to Châtelet. You could even visite Montmartre in walk. In the heart of small restaurants, caterers, cafes, supermarkets, bakeries, clothing stores, laundromats, churches, banks and other daily needs. Great neighborhood to experience the Parisian quoditienne life. Easy access from the airport, close to the main Paris train stations and bus from the airport. 2 metro stations within a three minute walk. Velib station outside the door. Cet studio de 26 m²  est situé r	This 26 sqm studio is located rue Bleue in the 9th arrondissement, on the ground floor of a 20th century building. It can accommodate 2 people. This apartment is equipped with: the cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access. Shower and kitchen. This apartment is also provided with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. Located in the center of Paris near the Galeries Lafayette and Opera (2 metro stations), within walking distance of many tourist attractions. 5 stations for go to Louvre. 7 stations for go to Châtelet. You could even visite Montmartre in walk. In the heart of small restaurants, caterers, cafes, supermarkets, bakeries, clothing stores, laundromats, churches, banks and other daily needs. Great neighborhood to experience the Parisian quoditienne life. Easy access from the airport, close to the main Paris train stations and bus from the airport. 2 metro stations within a three minute walk. Velib station outside the door. Cet studio de 26 m²  est situé r
6277	The building where I live in - named “Marie-Louise” - (XIXth century style - completely rebuilt in 2004 - protected access - elevator - 6 apartments, one by floor - very friendly neighbors!) is located in a very chic and exclusive “private residential area” (close by a gate) - called “Cité Malesherbes”. It’s a wonderful, safe (protected access and concierge) and very quiet place. The apartment is spacious - 110 m2, 3 BDR-, modern, comfortable and bright (high ceilings, 4 huge windows in total in the living room overlooking the Cité Malesherbes), with wood floors everywhere. - Kitchen, fully equipped: fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, expresso machine…  - Living room/Dining room with vintage furniture, Ipod station, a large bookcase and a nice wooden dining table for six.  - Bathroom - separated from the toilets - equipped with washing machine and dryer, tub and shower, double sink.  - 2 bedrooms with very comfortable large double beds.  - 1 bedroom with a single bed  - Work	Beautiful apartment located in the heart of the 9th arrondissement of Paris (at the border of the 18th district), one of the trendiest districts of Paris. The building where I live in - named “Marie-Louise” - (XIXth century style - completely rebuilt in 2004 - protected access - elevator - 6 apartments, one by floor - very friendly neighbors!) is located in a very chic and exclusive “private residential area” (close by a gate) - called “Cité Malesherbes”. It’s a wonderful, safe (protected access and concierge) and very quiet place. The apartment is spacious - 110 m2, 3 BDR-, modern, comfortable and bright (high ceilings, 4 huge windows in total in the living room overlooking the Cité Malesherbes), with wood floors everywhere. - Kitchen, fully equipped: fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, micro-wave, expresso machine…  - Living room/Dining room with vintage furniture, Ipod station, a large bookcase and a nice wooden dining table for six.  - Bathroom - separated from the toilets - equipped
6278	Ideally-located (5-minutes walk) - between the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré-Coeur Montmartre, you will by charmed by this very nice attic flat of 25m3 in old bourgeois building, calm, 5th floor with lift...	Ideally-located (5-minutes walk) - between the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré-Coeur Montmartre, you will by charmed by this very nice attic flat of 25m3 in old bourgeois building, calm, 5th floor with lift... Ideally-located (5-minutes walk) - between the Moulin Rouge and the Sacré-Coeur Montmartre, you will by charmed by this very nice attic flat of 25m3 in old bourgeois building, calm, 5th floor with lift... Access to all the rooms.  Interaction in French, English and Italian ! Lively and bustling area, with many restaurants and bars. Ideally located for main tourist attractions (5-minutes walk from Montmartre, 10-min direct metro to Champs Elysées / Arc de Triomphe, 20-minutes to Eiffel Tower...). 2 Metro lines (blue n°2 and green n°12 - stop Pigalle), bus, and bike stations (famous Velib). Central and ideal area to move in Paris. 
6279	"Cozy studio apartment only 5 min away from montmartre and moulin rouge. situated in a interior court the place is very calm and easily accessible from many metros (Pigalle, Saint Geroge, Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, Peltier all less than 10 min away) The neighborhood is very animated and you can find plenty of small commerces around, a market on Fridays. you will be located right in the heart of the ""sopi"" area , that stands for ""south pigalle"" , which is one of the most exciting place in the city if you are looking to party ; the building  is situated in the heart of the lovely rue de martyrs. Ideally for two people, it can host up to four if you don't mind being a little crowded. The apartment consists in : 1 main room with one sofa bed and a mezzanine with a bed for two persons, there is also a folding one place bed for a 4th person if necessary. 1 kitchenette separated from the room ( fridge, microwaves,) . 1 bathroom with WC. wifi connection, tv and and an available desktop PC u"	"Cozy studio apartment only 5 min away from montmartre and moulin rouge. situated in a interior court the place is very calm and easily accessible from many metros (Pigalle, Saint Geroge, Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, Peltier all less than 10 min awa Cozy studio apartment only 5 min away from montmartre and moulin rouge. situated in a interior court the place is very calm and easily accessible from many metros (Pigalle, Saint Geroge, Anvers, Notre Dame de Lorette, Peltier all less than 10 min away) The neighborhood is very animated and you can find plenty of small commerces around, a market on Fridays. you will be located right in the heart of the ""sopi"" area , that stands for ""south pigalle"" , which is one of the most exciting place in the city if you are looking to party ; the building  is situated in the heart of the lovely rue de martyrs. Ideally for two people, it can host up to four if you don't mind being a little crowded. The apartment consists in : 1 main room with one sofa be"
6280	Flat 63m2,  light and quite, on 2nd floor (no elevator) In a quiet courtyard in a former old relay of Post from the 19th century.   The apartment is ideally located near the Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) 10 minute walk, and Opera, 15 minutes walk.  Close to all transportation.  Subways: Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) Anvers (L2) or Cadet (L7) Bus: (phone number hidden) mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar)  The neighborhood is well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, but quite. The flat is fully furnished with dining-room, lounge, bedroom (13m2) with TV, office/dressing, bathroom and kitchen with everything you need on. Free WIFI. You will be very confortably stay, away from city noise but in the heart of Paris and at the same time you can enjoy a lively and easily get to the main tourist attractions. Do not hesitate to contact me for additional information. I will be always very easy to contact and see during your stay. 	Flat 63m2,  light and quite, on 2nd floor (no elevator) In a quiet courtyard in a former old relay of Post from the 19th century.   The apartment is ideally located near the Sacré-Coeur (Montmartre) 10 minute walk, and Opera, 15 minutes walk.  Close to all transportation.  Subways: Notre Dame de Lorette (L12) Anvers (L2) or Cadet (L7) Bus: (phone number hidden) mn walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar)  The neighborhood is well-known for its great parisian atmosphere, many shops, restaurants, but quite. The flat is fully furnished with dining-room, lounge, bedroom (13m2) with TV, office/dressing, bathroom and kitchen with everything you need on. Free WIFI. You will be very confortably stay, away from city noise but in the heart of Paris and at the same time you can enjoy a lively and easily get to the main tourist attractions. Do not hesitate to contact me for additional information. I will be always very easy to contact and see during your stay. 
6281	Very cosy and fonctionnal appartment (50 m²). View on a courtyard (very quiet). 1 private bedroom available. the bedroom :  140 cm large bed, usefull furnitures Perfect for a couple Large living room with a comfortable sofa, a table TV with cable, Canal+ and Bein Sport Fully equiped kitchen	Well located private bedroom, 5 minutes walking from Montmatre and the Sacred Heart! Very cosy and fonctionnal appartment (50 m²). View on a courtyard (very quiet). 1 private bedroom available. the bedroom :  140 cm large bed, usefull furnitures Perfect for a couple Large living room with a comfortable sofa, a table TV with cable, Canal+ and Bein Sport Fully equiped kitchen All room of the appartement are accessible except for the other bedroom
6282	CHARMING apartment Haussmanien of 1367 sqf, 4 large rooms in the 3rd floor with elevator, without neighbor on the same floor, nor face to face. In this apartement the owners usually live , so they have organized some privatives cupboards.  THE INDICATED ASKING PRICE IS FOR 1 PERSON / NIGHT. IT INCREASES ACCORDING TO THE NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL / NIGHT PEOPLE. IDEALLY situated in the CENTER of Paris (rive droite), between Madeleine Church and department stores (Printemps and Galleries Lafayette) near of the Concorde Place, the Faubourg St-Honoré, the Musée du Louvre, Gardens of the Tuileries... ROOMY pleasant and BRIGHT living area, original distribution of the apartment, two double suites with bathrooms, a big office-bedroom. Double glazing, inclusive linen and towels. The piano is usable, it was recently tuned. THE 2ND BR/BA CAN BE ORGANIZED EITHER IN A DOUBLE ROOM OR IN 2 TWIN BEDS, and IT IS COMMUNICATING WITH A BIG OFFICE-DOUBLE BEDROOM. Possibility of baby bed if it is asked from the	1367 sqf, 4 large rooms, 3 BedR, 2 BatR CHARMING apartment Haussmanien of 1367 sqf, 4 large rooms in the 3rd floor with elevator, without neighbor on the same floor, nor face to face. In this apartement the owners usually live , so they have organized some privatives cupboards.  THE INDICATED ASKING PRICE IS FOR 1 PERSON / NIGHT. IT INCREASES ACCORDING TO THE NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL / NIGHT PEOPLE. IDEALLY situated in the CENTER of Paris (rive droite), between Madeleine Church and department stores (Printemps and Galleries Lafayette) near of the Concorde Place, the Faubourg St-Honoré, the Musée du Louvre, Gardens of the Tuileries... ROOMY pleasant and BRIGHT living area, original distribution of the apartment, two double suites with bathrooms, a big office-bedroom. Double glazing, inclusive linen and towels. The piano is usable, it was recently tuned. THE 2ND BR/BA CAN BE ORGANIZED EITHER IN A DOUBLE ROOM OR IN 2 TWIN BEDS, and IT IS COMMUNICATING WITH A BIG OFFICE-DOUBLE BEDROOM. Possibi
6283	Logement équipé d'une machine à laver, d'une machine à café, du wifi, d'une TV, d'un micro onde et de plaques chauffantes	Very nice appartment in a calm street. You only need 5 min by walking to get to rue des Martyrs or to Pigalle and 10 min to Montmartre. 3 lignes of subways are in the area. It's very well located !
6284	L'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé (marchés, commerces, restaurant, vie nocturne...). L'appartement se compose d' un salon chambre ( avec un lit double ) et d’un petit grenier aménagé avec un lit 2 places. L'appartement a également une petite salle de bain.	Salut salut, je suis une graphiste relativement calme, discrète et je l'espère cool. Je serais heureuse de vous acceuillir dans mon appartement :) L'appartement est plutôt petit, je peux dormir dans le grenier et vous laisser le lit dans le salon ou inversement, celà dépend surtout de l'heure de réveil de chaque personne pour éviter de trop se déranger. Au plaisir de vite vous recevoir. L'appartement est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé (marchés, commerces, restaurant, vie nocturne...). L'appartement se compose d' un salon chambre ( avec un lit double ) et d’un petit grenier aménagé avec un lit 2 places. L'appartement a également une petite salle de bain. L'appartement est doté de tous les appareils nécessaires à la vie quotidienne: four, micro-ondes, machine à laver le linge, ventilateur, TV, internet. Les draps, couverture et oreillers sont mis a disposition, fraîchement lavés après le passage de chaque visiteur. Le soir, l'immeuble est très calme et le salon donne sur un
6285	"9ème arrondissement, quartier calme familial et artistes, à 40 mètres de la célèbre rue des Martyrs et de tous ses nombreux  commerces et restaurants de qualité /Marchés et Brocante (les WE) . Grand T3 (65 m²) très lumineux double exposition traversante cour/rue, sans vis-à-vis, parquet au sol, 5 couchages , 2 chambres (2 lits doubles + 1 lit simple) et un salon (avec lit d'appoint). WC séparés, Salle de Bain toute équipée (dont baignoire et  machine à laver le linge). Cuisine toute équipée (dont machine à laver la vaisselle).WIFI (Internet/Ethernet...)TRES HAUT DEBIT partout dans l'appartement, 1 poste de TV/ 1 chaine hifi . Ventilateurs dans les deux chambres. Immeuble sécurisé par deux codes distincts (Porche principal et porte dans cour) puis 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Concierge . Appartement très silencieux. CALME IMPERATIF A RESPECTER A PARTIR DE 22H00.  Situé au coeur du Quartier de la ""Nouvelle Athène"" où vécurent un grand nombre d'écrivains, d'acteurs, de musiciens et de peint"	9ème arrdt, quartier calme familial et artistes, à 40 mètres de la rue des Martyrs et de tous ses nombreux  commerces et restaurants de qualité . Grand T3 (65 m²) très lumineux double exposition traversante cour/rue, sans vis-à-vis, parquet. 9ème arrondissement, quartier calme familial et artistes, à 40 mètres de la célèbre rue des Martyrs et de tous ses nombreux  commerces et restaurants de qualité /Marchés et Brocante (les WE) . Grand T3 (65 m²) très lumineux double exposition traversante cour/rue, sans vis-à-vis, parquet au sol, 5 couchages , 2 chambres (2 lits doubles + 1 lit simple) et un salon (avec lit d'appoint). WC séparés, Salle de Bain toute équipée (dont baignoire et  machine à laver le linge). Cuisine toute équipée (dont machine à laver la vaisselle).WIFI (Internet/Ethernet...)TRES HAUT DEBIT partout dans l'appartement, 1 poste de TV/ 1 chaine hifi . Ventilateurs dans les deux chambres. Immeuble sécurisé par deux codes distincts (Porche principal et porte dans cour) puis 3
6286	2-rooms apartment of 50m², 1st floor on court. Living/dining room crossing 25m² with sofa bed 2 places. Small well equipped kitchen: coffee maker, crockery, microwave, washing machine, etc. Small bathroom with shower and toilet. Big spacious chamber with double bed (very good mattress)	"Beautiful 2 rooms flat located Condorcet street, 2min of lively Martyrs street and 10 min of the Sacré Coeur/Montmartre. Close to lovely shops, Metro stations (line 2/12) and very good restaurants.  1 beautiful bedroom, 1 living room with sofa bed 2-rooms apartment of 50m², 1st floor on court. Living/dining room crossing 25m² with sofa bed 2 places. Small well equipped kitchen: coffee maker, crockery, microwave, washing machine, etc. Small bathroom with shower and toilet. Big spacious chamber with double bed (very good mattress) Access to all the Accommodation I can help you on good plans for restaurants, visits and night out Very lively district called ""South Pigalle"" with numerous restaurants, convenience stores, delicatessens and close to monuments such as Sacred Heart (10 min) and Moulin Rouge (15 min). Close to the following Metro stations: Lines 2: Anvers (5 min) Line 12: Pigalle (10 min) and Saint-Georges (10 min)"
6287	It is a private appartment for max two persons. Not suitable for families or pets. It has an independent bathroom and a kitchen.	A nice appartment few minutes from Vie Romantique Museum,Montmartre and Moulin Rouge attractions. It is located 2 minutes from Métro Saint-Georges and 5 from Pigalle. If you book for a week a discount is available. Be aware the flat is on 6th floor. It is a private appartment for max two persons. Not suitable for families or pets. It has an independent bathroom and a kitchen. Internet wifi Kitchen, microwave. Basic kitchen utensils. Private bathroom. Mezzanine. At least twice for the check in and the check out. It is a lively neighbourhood. You can find many tourist attractions nearby such as The Museum of Romantic Life, Moulin Rouge, Montmartre and Sacré-Coeur. Metro 12 and 2. Buses.
6288	Beautiful 100m2 duplex very cozy in the heart of Paris. Atypical, clear and calm, this apartment is composed as such: Top floor  - Large double living bright with air-conditioned overlooking a small courtyard and street. Comfortable lounge with two sofas, a fireplace, a TV, a library and a swing. - Small living room with a sofa, two armchairs and one table. - Dining area with flexible table for 12 seats. - Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, cooking ceramic hob, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine. Kitchen utensils and crockery provided. - Bathroom with shower, sink, toilet. Lower floor - Pleasant and restful night space. Two rooms for 2 combined beds (double or twin) which can accommodate 1 to 4 people. Bedding provided (sheets, covers, pillow, etc). Storage available in the rooms. - Bathroom with shower, sink, bath and toilet (towels provided). - Dressing room with plenty of storage and hanging space.	Atypical 100m2 duplex, comfortable, quiet building in 1837. Top floor: large double living through (court&street) with sloping ceilings, air-conditioned with fully equipped kitchen. Lower floor: dressing room, bathroom, 2 bedrooms 2 beds together. Beautiful 100m2 duplex very cozy in the heart of Paris. Atypical, clear and calm, this apartment is composed as such: Top floor  - Large double living bright with air-conditioned overlooking a small courtyard and street. Comfortable lounge with two sofas, a fireplace, a TV, a library and a swing. - Small living room with a sofa, two armchairs and one table. - Dining area with flexible table for 12 seats. - Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, cooking ceramic hob, oven, microwave, dishwasher, washing machine, coffee machine. Kitchen utensils and crockery provided. - Bathroom with shower, sink, toilet. Lower floor - Pleasant and restful night space. Two rooms for 2 combined beds (double or twin) which can accommodate 1 to 4 people. Bedding
6289	L'espace de vie rassemble un salon, une salle à manger avec une grande table pour 8 personnes, une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (four, plaque vitrocéramique, micro onde, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à café, presse orange...) Chaque chambre a une literie récente (chambre parentale avec lit King size, 2 chambre d'amis , l'une avec lit de 140 cm et l'autre avec lit de 90cm les voyageurs, peuvent profiter du patio et utiliser avec soin la chaîne stéréo et les CD. 	L'espace de vie rassemble un salon, une salle à manger avec une grande table pour 8 personnes, une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (four, plaque vitrocéramique, micro onde, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à café, presse orange L'espace de vie rassemble un salon, une salle à manger avec une grande table pour 8 personnes, une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée (four, plaque vitrocéramique, micro onde, lave vaisselle, réfrigérateur, congélateur, machine à café, presse orange...) Chaque chambre a une literie récente (chambre parentale avec lit King size, 2 chambre d'amis , l'une avec lit de 140 cm et l'autre avec lit de 90cm les voyageurs, peuvent profiter du patio et utiliser avec soin la chaîne stéréo et les CD. Quartier Idéal pour visiter Paris (4 lignes de metro) les 3 gares :Saint Lazare, gare de l'Est, gare du Nord sont à 10 mn à pied, de même que les quartiers des Halles, le Sacré Cœur et l'Opéra. Les commerçants sont serviables et bien approvisionnés et une
6290		Entre République et Opéra, charmant appartement situé dans une rue très tranquille. Comprend une chambre, une salle à manger, un salon, une mini cuisine et une salle de bains. Proche de spots bobos : rue des Martyrs, rue du faubourg Saint-Denis etc. Très tranquille, à proximité de tout à pied. Spots bobo à proximité : rue des Martyrs, rue du faubourg Saint-Denis etc. Métros  : ligne 7 (station Cadet ou Poissonnière), ligne 8 et 9 (station Grands Boulevards ou Bonne Nouvelle)
6291	Just 3 minutes From The Moulin Rouge. Very nice Street with many bars and restaurants juste downstairs. Pigalle is just 5 minutes walk and Sacré cœur 15 minutes walk ...	Nice appartement , 3 minutes from the mythic Moulin Rouge.  Just 3 minutes From The Moulin Rouge. Very nice Street with many bars and restaurants juste downstairs. Pigalle is just 5 minutes walk and Sacré cœur 15 minutes walk ... Access to the whole appartment ... You can relay on me if you need any help during your stay ! Young population in the district Metro Line 2 Station : Blanche or Pigalle  3/5 minutes  Metro Line 13 : Station Place de Clichy  5 minutes  Many Buses Lively street with lot of Young people , but very calm thanks to a double glazing...
6292	Located Rue Rochechouart (at the bottom of Montmartre) 7' walk from Gare du Nord station (directly connected to Charles de Gaulle Airport). 2 mn walk for Pigale, Moulin rouge, and metro Anwer ligne 2 (directly connected to Champs Elysees.  Bus 85  directly connect to Notre dame de Paris cathedral, Fontaine saint michel,  Pantheon and near Musée du Louvre 250 sq feet with 30 sq feet mezzanine 4th level without lift Very quiet Overlooking south on a dooryard Totally renewed Bathroom with large shower Fully equipped kitchen Linen Kitchenware and dishes Double bed on mezzanine for 2 adults Sofa bed for 2 child's or 2 slim adults LED flat screen TV DVD player COFFEE MAKER  MICROWAVE.   NB: The apartment must be cleaned before departure Cleaning fee 30 euros to keep in the deposit if the household is not made before departure.  Unless other instructions , please leave the key on the table and close the door behind you before departure	Studio flat with mezzanine located at the bottom of Montmartre. Quiet and sunny, the flat is 2 minutes walk from Anvers tube station and 8 minutes walk from Gare du Nord station. Located Rue Rochechouart (at the bottom of Montmartre) 7' walk from Gare du Nord station (directly connected to Charles de Gaulle Airport). 2 mn walk for Pigale, Moulin rouge, and metro Anwer ligne 2 (directly connected to Champs Elysees.  Bus 85  directly connect to Notre dame de Paris cathedral, Fontaine saint michel,  Pantheon and near Musée du Louvre 250 sq feet with 30 sq feet mezzanine 4th level without lift Very quiet Overlooking south on a dooryard Totally renewed Bathroom with large shower Fully equipped kitchen Linen Kitchenware and dishes Double bed on mezzanine for 2 adults Sofa bed for 2 child's or 2 slim adults LED flat screen TV DVD player COFFEE MAKER  MICROWAVE.   NB: The apartment must be cleaned before departure Cleaning fee 30 euros to keep in the deposit if the household is not made before
6293		Bright, clean, quiet (courtyard) studio, 20 m2. Fourth-floor walk-up (four flights of stairs). Full-size (120 cm) futon sleeps two. Kitchen space with stovetop, microwave, fridge, washer/dryer. Mini stereo with large collection of CDs, but no TV. Wi-Fi from neighbors is usually reliable but can be unstable. Central location between Madeleine and Opera, walk to Champs Elysées, Concorde, Seine, Tuileries, Louvre. No pets, absolutely no smoking.
6294	Very nice place to discover the real Paris !  Cosy apartment of 40 m2 located on the 1st floor of a very charming building. It can host 1 to 4 people. 1 bedroom with a double bed 1 double living room with a converti le couch 1 bathroom with a shower Separated toilets Kitchen fully equiped Walking distance of many touristic attractions : Sacré coeur, Montmartre, department stores of boulevard Haussmann... And near public transportation, direct access from the airport and near Gare du Nord.  Perfect to discover the real parisians life ! 	Very nice and charming parisian apartment in a quiet neighbourhood.  Perfect location to discover Paris ! Very close to the main subway lines, easy access from the airport, within walking distance of many hotspots ! Can accomodate 4 people. Very nice place to discover the real Paris !  Cosy apartment of 40 m2 located on the 1st floor of a very charming building. It can host 1 to 4 people. 1 bedroom with a double bed 1 double living room with a converti le couch 1 bathroom with a shower Separated toilets Kitchen fully equiped Walking distance of many touristic attractions : Sacré coeur, Montmartre, department stores of boulevard Haussmann... And near public transportation, direct access from the airport and near Gare du Nord.  Perfect to discover the real parisians life !  all the apartment I'm staying available if you have any question during your stay ! Quiet and fancy neighbourhood, within walking distance of many restaurants, bars, shops.  Really close to the Sacré coeur, department
6295	The apartment is located in the heart of Paris’ nightlife district and at a walking distance from Montmartre. After “climbing” the six stories of the typical Parisian building (Parisian experience of the “no elevator” building, but clean and lovely staircase), one will enter a very luminous two rooms apartment with a direct view on Parisian rooftops and on the Sacré-Coeur. Once you open the windows, you can step on the long balcony and enjoy the surprising view on the Moulin Rouge while drinking or having lunch & diner at the table.  If you look well enough, you will see the old Moulin of Montmartre in the distance, as well as the Art Centre Pompidou.	Located in the heart of Paris’ Montmartre  district, the fully renovated apartment offers a great balcony and a beautiful view on the Sacré-Coeur and Moulin Rouge. Meant for a couple with its bedroom, the sofa can also be turned into a bed for 2. The apartment is located in the heart of Paris’ nightlife district and at a walking distance from Montmartre. After “climbing” the six stories of the typical Parisian building (Parisian experience of the “no elevator” building, but clean and lovely staircase), one will enter a very luminous two rooms apartment with a direct view on Parisian rooftops and on the Sacré-Coeur. Once you open the windows, you can step on the long balcony and enjoy the surprising view on the Moulin Rouge while drinking or having lunch & diner at the table.  If you look well enough, you will see the old Moulin of Montmartre in the distance, as well as the Art Centre Pompidou. The apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, and the sofa can be turned into a bed for one 
6296	33 m2 flat in the art of Paris 9th just next Haussman bld & Galeries Lafayette. A lot of shops, restaurants and tube stations around.	Hello all! I rent my flat on the whole period from 21st of July to 18th of August for 1400€ only (that is 50€ per night). You'll have wi-fi, aircon, washing machine, dishwasher, clothes drier, oven, micro wave, nespresso, xbox, food processor.... 33 m2 flat in the art of Paris 9th just next Haussman bld & Galeries Lafayette. A lot of shops, restaurants and tube stations around. The whole appartment will be yours during your stay! I will be out of Paris during your stay but I will be reacheable by either phone or e-mails. I'll provide everything I can to help if needed. The 9th arrondissement (IXe arrondissement), located on the Right Bank, is one of the 20 arrondissements of Paris, France. It contains many places of cultural, historical, and architectural interest, including the Palais Garnier, home to the Paris Opera, Boulevard Haussmann and its large department stores of Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Along with the 2nd and 8th arrondissements, it hosts one of the business centers
6297	Placed at the foot of the mound Montmartre, one of the most charming districts of Paris where was shot the movie Amélie Poulain, this apartment allows you to live at the heart of historic, artistic and trendy Paris.  In 5mn in feet westward, you will find the Moulin Rouge; in 2 mn in feet northward, you walk in the old alleys of Montmartre and its multiple staircases, the place of abbesses, famous place du Tertre and its painters, then the basilica of the Sacred heart where you will have a fantastic view over Paris. With the public transportation (bus and subway), he allows to reach quickly all the monuments and the tourist places of capital. The bus 67 which leaves the place Pigalle goes to the Place of Italy, in the South of Paris, by way of bank of the Seine, the Louvre, the Pont des Arts, the hotel of city, the big mosque of Paris... The bus 30 goes of the Gare du Nord station, in Trocadéro by way of the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. In subway you are every close relation	Placed at the foot of the mound Montmartre, one of the most charming districts of Paris where was shot the movie Amélie Poulain, this apartment allows you to live at the heart of historic, artistic and trendy Paris.  In 5mn in feet westward, you will find the Moulin Rouge; in 2 mn in feet northward, you walk in the old alleys of Montmartre and its multiple staircases, the place of abbesses, famous place du Tertre and its painters, then the basilica of the Sacred heart where you will have a fantastic view over Paris. With the public transportation (bus and subway), he allows to reach quickly all the monuments and the tourist places of capital. The bus 67 which leaves the place Pigalle goes to the Place of Italy, in the South of Paris, by way of bank of the Seine, the Louvre, the Pont des Arts, the hotel of city, the big mosque of Paris... The bus 30 goes of the Gare du Nord station, in Trocadéro by way of the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. In subway you are every close relation
6298	The apartment is three rooms, main room and two bedrooms, ideal for families with children. Capacity of 6 beds. The kitchen is equipped, the lounge with DVD, TV, internet, table and sofa bed, a spacious bedroom with a double bed, bedroom 2 with a double bed. The apartment is located in a lively neighborhood, however the apartment is not at all confusing. Ability to have reservations to Versailles, Disney, Asterix, Louvre, Orsay. Possibility to pick you up at the airport (4 people max). Shop, restaurant, theater, gallery La Fayette easy walking distance (2 to 10 min). Subway line to 50 meters. You will be close to theaters, cabarets (the Folies Bergere, Moulin Rouge ...), cinemas and many restaurants for all budgets. The Galeries Lafayette is 10 minutes walk, and the Great Boulevard (where you will find the famous wax museum), the Opera House is a 15 minute walk to the Louvre in 20 minutes ... Well served by many transit stations and two (1 km) from the Gare du Nord or the Gare de l'est	The apartment is three rooms, main room and two bedrooms, ideal for families with children. Capacity of 6 beds. The kitchen is equipped, the lounge with DVD, TV, internet, table and sofa bed, a spacious bedroom with a double bed, bedroom 2 with a double bed. The apartment is located in a lively neighborhood, however the apartment is not at all confusing. Ability to have reservations to Versailles, Disney, Asterix, Louvre, Orsay. Possibility to pick you up at the airport (4 people max). Shop, restaurant, theater, gallery La Fayette easy walking distance (2 to 10 min). Subway line to 50 meters. You will be close to theaters, cabarets (the Folies Bergere, Moulin Rouge ...), cinemas and many restaurants for all budgets. The Galeries Lafayette is 10 minutes walk, and the Great Boulevard (where you will find the famous wax museum), the Opera House is a 15 minute walk to the Louvre in 20 minutes ... Well served by many transit stations and two (1 km) from the Gare du Nord or the Gare de l'est
6299	Charming flat in a 120 square meters duplex apartment located in the 9th quarter, close to Grands Boulevards. We will give you the opportunity to rent the whole flat or a part of it: - The flat has three rooms which give a capacity of welcoming seven people maximum. - If you are interested in renting only one room, the chosen one will be very spacious, clean and convenient. In the duplex apartment: Ground floor: - A spacious living room with sofas and a large dining table for 6 to 8 people and a full equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, hot plates, Nespresso machine, fridge…) - Two bedrooms with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock and Ipod station - A bathroom with bath and toilet First floor: - A charming living room with sofas, TV station and DVD player. - One bedroom with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock… - A bathroom with shower and toilet For the whole flat: - Kitchen full equipped, - Heating included - Ironing board with iron - Sheets and towels provid	Charming flat in a 120 square meters duplex apartment located in the 9th quarter, close to Grands Boulevards. We will give you the opportunity to rent the whole flat or a part of it: - The flat has three rooms which give a capacity of welcoming seven people maximum. - If you are interested in renting only one room, the chosen one will be very spacious, clean and convenient. In the duplex apartment: Ground floor: - A spacious living room with sofas and a large dining table for 6 to 8 people and a full equipped kitchen (microwave, oven, washing machine, hot plates, Nespresso machine, fridge…) - Two bedrooms with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock and Ipod station - A bathroom with bath and toilet First floor: - A charming living room with sofas, TV station and DVD player. - One bedroom with a large bed for 2 people, dresser, clock… - A bathroom with shower and toilet For the whole flat: - Kitchen full equipped, - Heating included - Ironing board with iron - Sheets and towels provid
