13200		Deux-pièces très lumineux refait à neuf, accueillant et douillet, au pied du métro Montgallet. Peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Vue dégagée sur les jardins de reuilly. Cuisine toute équipée.
13201	very cute appartment in the center of paris. One bedroom + a living room. perfect for up to 4 people. Near by 5 different metro lines and very close to gare de lyon (train station). very quiet and nicely decorated. bathroom and kitchen fully firnished. Internet connection (wifi) available.	very cute appartment in the center of paris. One bedroom + a living room. perfect for up to 4 people. Near by 5 different metro lines and very close to gare de lyon (train station). very quiet and nicely decorated. bathroom and kitchen fully firnished. Internet connection (wifi) available.
13202	Located near 'le Bastille', this comfortable  60m2 apartment is situated on the first floor (with elevator) of an apartment building with inner courtyard secured with a security code. In the heart of Paris, the lively neighbourhood is full of nice bars, restaurants and little shop. Metro Gare the Lyon and Ledru Rollin are just a stone’s throw away.   The bright living room with open kitchen has view on the inner courtyard. The kitchen is equipped with an oven, ceramic cooking plates, a dishwasher, a washing machine, pots, pans, tableware and cutlery. The spacious living room has two comfortable sofa’s. A plasma TV and a Wi-Fi internet connection are at your disposal. The quiet, separate bedroom  has a comfortable double bed. A double inflatable matrass is available for extra guests. Lastly, the bathroom with a bathtub will allow you to enjoy a  relaxing moment, ideal after a long day visiting Paris.	Located near 'le Bastille', this comfortable  60m2 apartment is situated on the first floor (with elevator) of an apartment building with inner courtyard secured with a security code. In the heart of Paris, the lively neighbourhood is full of nice b Located near 'le Bastille', this comfortable  60m2 apartment is situated on the first floor (with elevator) of an apartment building with inner courtyard secured with a security code. In the heart of Paris, the lively neighbourhood is full of nice bars, restaurants and little shop. Metro Gare the Lyon and Ledru Rollin are just a stone’s throw away.   The bright living room with open kitchen has view on the inner courtyard. The kitchen is equipped with an oven, ceramic cooking plates, a dishwasher, a washing machine, pots, pans, tableware and cutlery. The spacious living room has two comfortable sofa’s. A plasma TV and a Wi-Fi internet connection are at your disposal. The quiet, separate bedroom  has a comfortable double bed. A double inflat
13203	Une chambre principale lumineuse (2 fenêtres) avec une très bonne literie (surmatelas en latex et matelas avec ressorts ensachés) en 160 cms. Une autre chambre avec un canapé lit (bon matelas en 160 cms et sommier à lattes). Mis à part les pièces d'eaux, tout l'appartement est en parquet.	"Appartement de 3 pièces (60 m2) très lumineux, situé au 4é étage d'un immeuble Haussmannien. Parquet, moulures, cheminée, cuisine équipée ouverte. toilettes indépendants, sdb avec grande douche. 2 chambres. Un salon. Appartement cosy et chaleureux. Une chambre principale lumineuse (2 fenêtres) avec une très bonne literie (surmatelas en latex et matelas avec ressorts ensachés) en 160 cms. Une autre chambre avec un canapé lit (bon matelas en 160 cms et sommier à lattes). Mis à part les pièces d'eaux, tout l'appartement est en parquet. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement excepté un dressing et un ou deux placards. Dans la majorité des cas, je serai présent pour vous aider à passer un agréable séjour! L'appartement est situé à Paris dans le 12é Arrondissement, dans une rue ressemblant à un petit village (commerces de bouches, église, etc.). A environ 3 minutes à pieds du métro et RER ""Nation"". A environ 500 mètres de la porte de Vincennes et 300 mètres du tramway. A environ 3 mi"
13204		Joli studio de 20m², lumineux et calme dans immeuble 1930 - Vue sur cour Ascenseur - 5 mn Bois de Vincennes, Bastille, Nation, Gare de Lyon et Gare de Bercy - Au pied de la coulée verte - Métro Daumesnil ou Dugommier - Idéal pour découvrir Paris à deux ou pour un séjour professionnel
13205	Charming apartment renovated in March (phone number hidden) square feet in a beautiful old building. Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, it consists of a very spacious and luminous living room (4 windows) with fully equipped kitchen and 3 bedrooms (1 master bedroom with 1 double bed + 1 child's bedroom with three single beds + 1 room with a baby crib. One of the two sofas in the living room is double bed. Located in a lively area very close to metro Dugommier (L6) Daumesnil (L8), Cour Saint Emilion (L14) Many shops 2 min walk bakeries, supermarkets, banks ... At 5 minute walk from the street Cour Saint Emilion and Bercy Park. At 15minutes by Transportation Nation, Bastille, République, Chatelet / Montorgueil and Saint Lazare. Sheets and towels provided. 3 nights minimum	Beautiful classic Parisian apartment renovated in 2013. Conveniently located with shops 2min walk and 3 subway lines. Perfectly equipped and can accommodate 7 people comfortably. Charming apartment renovated in March (phone number hidden) square feet in a beautiful old building. Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, it consists of a very spacious and luminous living room (4 windows) with fully equipped kitchen and 3 bedrooms (1 master bedroom with 1 double bed + 1 child's bedroom with three single beds + 1 room with a baby crib. One of the two sofas in the living room is double bed. Located in a lively area very close to metro Dugommier (L6) Daumesnil (L8), Cour Saint Emilion (L14) Many shops 2 min walk bakeries, supermarkets, banks ... At 5 minute walk from the street Cour Saint Emilion and Bercy Park. At 15minutes by Transportation Nation, Bastille, République, Chatelet / Montorgueil and Saint Lazare. Sheets and towels provided. 3 nights minimum All rooms in the apartment are acces
13206	The apartment is modern and very well equipped: Completely renovated with quality materials. WiFi, portable speaker Bose Bluetooth, Playstation 3, LCD TV in the living room and another in the room. More than 100 channels included French and foreign, including sports being white. Fully equipped kitchen, oven + microwave oven, induction, fridge and freezer, traditional coffee and Nespresso machine, all kitchen utensils ... Bathroom with double sinks, large walk-in shower system with 130x165 Grohe Rain Shower. Dyson. Iron, ironing board. The whole apartment is reserved for you. Bastille. In the heart of historic Paris. Bastille Metro 50 meters. Vélib bus nearby.	Beautiful accommodation at the foot of Bastille metro. It can accommodate up to 4 adults. 1 bedroom with king size bed 160x200 1 sofa bed with comfortable bedding true. The equipment is high quality and comprehensive Wifi. Bose bluetooth ... The apartment is modern and very well equipped: Completely renovated with quality materials. WiFi, portable speaker Bose Bluetooth, Playstation 3, LCD TV in the living room and another in the room. More than 100 channels included French and foreign, including sports being white. Fully equipped kitchen, oven + microwave oven, induction, fridge and freezer, traditional coffee and Nespresso machine, all kitchen utensils ... Bathroom with double sinks, large walk-in shower system with 130x165 Grohe Rain Shower. Dyson. Iron, ironing board. The whole apartment is reserved for you. Bastille. In the heart of historic Paris. Bastille Metro 50 meters. Vélib bus nearby. Full access to the apartement. I will be there for the check in & out. I'm always near thi
13207	Comfortable, convenient, well located, safe, clean,  quiet (courtyard, not facing the street) Everything needed for cooking : kettle, pots, pans, dishes, spoons, forks, glasses, cups, bowls, ...	Only for summer 2015 - Studio - 20 m² - 1 minute from the Place de Bastille and the metro, Paris center, ideal for visiting Paris. 2nd floor, entrance, fitted kitchen, room, shower, sink and toilet.  Fully equipped. Comfortable, convenient, well located, safe, clean,  quiet (courtyard, not facing the street) Everything needed for cooking : kettle, pots, pans, dishes, spoons, forks, glasses, cups, bowls, ... Lively area, many shops 1 minute from the metro
13208	The apartment is very well located in the 12th arrondissement, bright, comfortable.	Charming studio 3 minutes from the metro Reuilly-Diderot (lines 1 and 8), near the Aligre market and the Green Belt. Apartment 21 m2, bright, 6th floor (no elevator) with equipped kitchen, double bed, bathroom with toilet, dressing. The apartment is very well located in the 12th arrondissement, bright, comfortable. The studio has a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, hob and washing machine. Wi-fi connection. I will be available on arrival to welcome travelers, and the day of departure to have the key back. The area is very quiet and secure. The apartment is located in a charming square with a fountain, surrounded by all the shops (bakery, pharmacy, supermarket ...). The studio is 300 meters from Reuilly-Diderot station with lines 1 and 8 which are going directly to all interest points of the city: Bastille, the Marais, the Louvre, the Champs Elysees, the Opera, République square ...
13209	L'appartement est très	"Between Bastille and Nation, the room offers a confortable place for your staying.  Lots of restaurants, public markets, metro stations availables. Many great places accessible at a walk distance and allows you to enjoy Paris ! Located between Bastille, Nation and Gare de Lyon, the neighborhood is really peacefull and pleasant. You'll find all conveniences nearby and the most famous public market of Paris (Aligre: opened every day till 1pm) is at 5 minutes walk distance. Bastille is at 10-15 minutes walk distance. You could use the ""Coulée verte"" (which has inspired the New-York highline) to go there. The famous ""Père Lachaise"" is accessible in about 20 minutes by walking. You can reach ""Arc de Thiomphe"" and ""Champ Elysée"" using the RER A at Gare de Lyon in 20 minutes.  At 5 minutes walk distance : Gare de Lyon : Metro 1 & 14. RER A. Reuilly-Diderot : Metro 1 & 8  If you prefer bike, you should use the public bike service ""velib"" (1€70 for a day) to enjoy Paris ! (I quite only use bike"
13210		Bel appartement de 45 m² au rez-de-jardin. Situé au coeur du quartier de Bercy et accessible facilement (lignes de métro 6, 8, 14). Nombreux commerces à proximité. L'appartement comporte une chambre avec un lit deux places ainsi qu'un grand salon avec un canapé convertible très confortable. Equipements électroménagers : machine à laver, réfrigérateur, gazinière 5 feux et four électrique, four micro-ondes. Wifi, télévision, lecteur blue-ray. Un parking est également à disposition gratuitement
13211	Logement agréable, propre et très munieux donnant sur une cour privative avec une localisation en pleine centre de Paris, à la limite du 11eme, 12eme et 3eme. Charmant trois pièces dans immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur. Parquet, moulures, cheminées intérieures. L'appartement se compose de deux chambres avec 1 lit 2 places dans chacune des chambres dont une télévision, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 salon avec 1 canapé, et une cuisine toute équipée (cuisinière, four,  frigo, four à micro-ondes, machine à laver, machine à café). Est également disponible une connexion internet WIFI en illimité. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux donnant sur une cour. Situé à côté de l'Opéra Bastille de à quelques mètres du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal avec commerces à proximité (alimentaires et shopping) et de la gare de Lyon. A 300 mètres, à pied de la vie nocturne de Bastille, à 10 minutes de la vie culturelle de Paris ave l'Hôtel de Ville et à 15 minutes à pied du Marais et de ses boutiques.	Loue appartement de 51m2, au 3eme étage donnant sur une cour très calme et ensoleillée. Il comprend une salle de bain/toilette, une pièce à vivre avec cuisine américaine et deux grandes chambres avec fenêtre et cheminée. En plein cœur de Bastille. Logement agréable, propre et très munieux donnant sur une cour privative avec une localisation en pleine centre de Paris, à la limite du 11eme, 12eme et 3eme. Charmant trois pièces dans immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur. Parquet, moulures, cheminées intérieures. L'appartement se compose de deux chambres avec 1 lit 2 places dans chacune des chambres dont une télévision, 1 salle de bain avec baignoire, 1 salon avec 1 canapé, et une cuisine toute équipée (cuisinière, four,  frigo, four à micro-ondes, machine à laver, machine à café). Est également disponible une connexion internet WIFI en illimité. L'appartement est très calme et lumineux donnant sur une cour. Situé à côté de l'Opéra Bastille de à quelques mètres du port de plaisance de l'Arsenal
13212	"Hello! We live in a charming apartment in Bercy in the 12th district. Near to the ""Palais omnisports de Paris Bercy"" (the bigest place for concert, or show..). If you wish to spend some nights in a Parisian and nice environment, we have a small guest room cosy trés charmant ! Do not hesitate to contact us! Aurore and Olivier"	"Smart ! Hello! We live in a charming apartment in Bercy in the 12th district. Near to the ""Palais omnisports de Paris Bercy"" (the bigest place for concert, or show..). If you wish to spend some nights in a Parisian and nice environment, we have a small guest room cosy trés charmant ! Do not hesitate to contact us! Aurore and Olivier We exchange with the guests by text, e-mail, telephone, or live! Generally we are there to give the keys of the apartment. In the district you find the quite new Bercy Arena! The Bercy village which groups(includes) not bad restaurant and store! Otherwise you have three movies very close to the house UGC (3 minutes), the film library 5minutes or MK2 (10 minutes). We are also very close to quays(platforms) where you find restaurants, nightclubs. You are near to Subway station ( ligne 14 ""Cour saint émilion"", ligne 6 ""Bercy"", ligne 8 ""Daumensnil""), and the Train station ( Bercy, Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlistz )"
13213	Ce logement est en RDC. Il est composé d'une grande cuisine, d'une salle de bain, d'une chambre salon donnant sur la terrasse. Il y a deux lits superposés (un de 160 et l'autre de 140).  Il y a un ordinateur et une imprimante. La cuisine est équipée ; machine à laver le linge, four, vaisselle, etc. Maximum 4 personnes.	Ce studiot est situé proche du quartier du village St Emilion, de la coulée verte, du bois de Vincennes et de Bercy.  Il peut loger 4 personnes, rue calme, cuisine équipée, ordinateur + internet. Un chat (MaineCoon) est déjà locataire... Ce logement est en RDC. Il est composé d'une grande cuisine, d'une salle de bain, d'une chambre salon donnant sur la terrasse. Il y a deux lits superposés (un de 160 et l'autre de 140).  Il y a un ordinateur et une imprimante. La cuisine est équipée ; machine à laver le linge, four, vaisselle, etc. Maximum 4 personnes. Parking sur demande Pour toutes demandes de bonnes adresses ou autre, n'hésitez pas à m'envoyer un mail avec vos envies Calme, le quartier du XII ème est plein de bonnes surprises.  Le Bois de Vincennes, le village Saint-Emilion, la bibliothèque François Mitterrand, la Cinémathèque, la Place d'Aligre, l'aquarium de la Porte Dorée... Métro ligne 6 : Dugommier Métro ligne 8 : Daumesnil Bus 84, 64 Tramway : Porte de Charenton / Porte Dorée 
13214	Lighty apartment of 110m², calm and nice view on Paris	Room of around 15m² in a family, modern and lighty apartment of 110m², with big balconies on all Paris, in the 12éme. We are close to Nation, Daumesnil. At 10 minutes from Bastille, Gare de Lyon or Bercy. You 'll have your private shower.Quiet place Lighty apartment of 110m², calm and nice view on Paris Leaving room, balconies, kitchen and private shower. The room we let at disposition is around 15m². There are 2 toilets.  We can advise our guests about the best places to see and if the schedule works we also can come with them to visit the good places of Paris. Generaly we will probably be present in the apartment, but sometimes not. Many green spaces: promenade plante, jardins de Bercy, bois de Vincennes. District of Bastille is close to our home. As the Vincennes zoo, or very typical market : the marché d'Aligre. Nearest metro stations (400m) are Montgallet (ligne8) or Daumesnil (lignes 6 et 8). Station Nation (ligne1) is at 800 m by feet. Gare de Lyon is at 15 minutes by feet, or 8
13215	Here is an amazing studio completey remade new at the end of July 2015 to offer you the best confort for your stay It is situated at the first floor with lift of an elegant and securized stone building and is of 29sqm. The decoration has been choosen with care to create a warming atmosfere to feel really at home. the main room is completely exposed on South, so bright and sunny thanks also to its large windows. It is made of a double sofa bed with a high quality materass to ensure quiet nights! The kitchen is separate and furnished with hotplates, micro wave, fridge and all ustensils. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ALSO HAVE THE PENTHOUSE NEARBY THIS FLAT, IN  CASE YOU ARE TRAVELLING IN 7 PEOPLE: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/21004	this flat is for those who are seeking for a design romantic flat to feel better than at home! Here is an amazing studio completey remade new at the end of July 2015 to offer you the best confort for your stay It is situated at the first floor with lift of an elegant and securized stone building and is of 29sqm. The decoration has been choosen with care to create a warming atmosfere to feel really at home. the main room is completely exposed on South, so bright and sunny thanks also to its large windows. It is made of a double sofa bed with a high quality materass to ensure quiet nights! The kitchen is separate and furnished with hotplates, micro wave, fridge and all ustensils. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ALSO HAVE THE PENTHOUSE NEARBY THIS FLAT, IN  CASE YOU ARE TRAVELLING IN 7 PEOPLE: https://www.airbnb.fr/rooms/21004 INTERNET WASHING MACHINE TV MICRO WAVE COFFEE MACHINE
13216	- Full separate equipped kitchen : washing machine, oven, fridge, frizen, dishwasher, toaster, rice cooker, ironing board, micro-waves - unlimited internet (wifi) - wardrobe for yours clothes - bathroom with big bath (unlimitted hot water) and toilet - Big living room very bright included 1 queen size bed (160 x 200), a sofa, a TV, dining table, rolling shutters with total darkness. - towels, sheets, hair dryer, tea, coffee, sugar, milk include. The area is quiet, lots of shops around (bakery, supermarket, butchery, hair dresseur, restarants,...) The subway is just 5 min walk away. Sorry but no pet allowed 	Big studio, quiet, very well equipped Internet unlimitted. Separate kitchen.  Bath (unlimited hot water). Queen size bed. 5 mins walk from subway, direct Dausmenil,  Bastille, République, Grands boulevard,  Lafayette galeries, Opera, Concorde,.. - Full separate equipped kitchen : washing machine, oven, fridge, frizen, dishwasher, toaster, rice cooker, ironing board, micro-waves - unlimited internet (wifi) - wardrobe for yours clothes - bathroom with big bath (unlimitted hot water) and toilet - Big living room very bright included 1 queen size bed (160 x 200), a sofa, a TV, dining table, rolling shutters with total darkness. - towels, sheets, hair dryer, tea, coffee, sugar, milk include. The area is quiet, lots of shops around (bakery, supermarket, butchery, hair dresseur, restarants,...) The subway is just 5 min walk away. Sorry but no pet allowed All the appartement I will be there when you arrive to give you the key, same when you leave. I stay available to any questions about the fl
13217		Deux pièces agréable de 50m2 à proximité du bois de Vincennes. L'appartement est bien équipé, vous disposerez d'une grande chambre complétée par un canapé lit confortable si besoin. Metro ligne 8 (accès facile aux principaux monuments ligne Opéra, Madeleine, Concorde, Tour Eiffel).
13218	There is nothing to worry about this flat, just hop off your luggage and enjoy.  The flat will offer you plenty of space with its 20sqm living room. It is meant for 2 persons but will fit perfectly for 3 or 4 by using the large Sofa that hides a double bed. The bed room gives on a private courtyard so you will most definitely sleep in a quite atmosphere. Everything is ready to ease your stay: wifi, dining table, cutleries, washing machine,..	Welcome to my comfortable and fully furbished 3 room flat. Within 10 walking mins from Gare de Lyon/Bastille/Nation, it is a surprisingly quite area next to shops and bars of Bastille. 3 supermarkets, Metro stations and a Velib station at hand. There is nothing to worry about this flat, just hop off your luggage and enjoy.  The flat will offer you plenty of space with its 20sqm living room. It is meant for 2 persons but will fit perfectly for 3 or 4 by using the large Sofa that hides a double bed. The bed room gives on a private courtyard so you will most definitely sleep in a quite atmosphere. Everything is ready to ease your stay: wifi, dining table, cutleries, washing machine,.. you have access to the other rooms of the apartment: bathroom (bath tub, shower), living-room, kitchen, toilets. Staying in Paris for 6 years and living in this very apartment, depending on my availabilities I could help out on discovering the best places of the city, and will definitely give you a lot of ad
13219		Very quiet and safe studio between Bastille and Nation, line 1 at 50 meters , direct to Champs Elysees, le Louvre, la Defense, Saint Paul ( Le Marais) Concorde. 1 double bed and 1 sofa can offer 2 places to sleep, just renovated, full kitchen , linen
13220		Charmant, tout confort,fonctionnel, idéal pour un couple, situé Paris 12 ème, proche des transports( l.6 et 8 ), bus 87, l.14 à 10mn, proche du Cour St Emilion, proche tous commerces et bois de Vincennes. Tout équipé
13221	We have just landed in our new flat in Paris and we are happy to keep the sharing experience with Airbnb. We live in the 12th arrondisment, in south eastern part of the city. After many years living in the noisy but charming 10th arrondisment we wanted a quieter, bigger place near a park. That is how we got here, and we love it. We hope you will love it too. It is a 60 m2, fully furnished apartment with washing-drying machine, microwave, fridge with freezer, dishwasher, oven, shower, hair dryer WC, Wifi-Cable TV, Hi-fi CD, MP4 & I-pod player, phone, fully equipped, with linens. We have two rooms. One for our daughter Alma, who is two years old, and the other one is ours. We have a king size bed (180 x 210) and Alma has her baby bed (1.80 x 90). We also have a pull out sofa in the living room, which turns into a very comfortable bed (160 x 210). The total capacity is 4 adults and 2 children. We are at 150 meters from Paris’ main metro station, Cour Saint Emilion (line 14), one of the be	A spacious, comfortable apartment with two great king size beds + one bed for kids. We are 150 meters from the Metro line N°14, which relies most of Paris landmarks including the Lovure Museum, Notre Dame Cathedral, Galeries Lafayette & Printemps,etc We have just landed in our new flat in Paris and we are happy to keep the sharing experience with Airbnb. We live in the 12th arrondisment, in south eastern part of the city. After many years living in the noisy but charming 10th arrondisment we wanted a quieter, bigger place near a park. That is how we got here, and we love it. We hope you will love it too. It is a 60 m2, fully furnished apartment with washing-drying machine, microwave, fridge with freezer, dishwasher, oven, shower, hair dryer WC, Wifi-Cable TV, Hi-fi CD, MP4 & I-pod player, phone, fully equipped, with linens. We have two rooms. One for our daughter Alma, who is two years old, and the other one is ours. We have a king size bed (180 x 210) and Alma has her baby bed (1.80 x
13222	Our studioflat is very comfortable and cosy and has been renovated to suit high standards to make you feel home! You will especially enjoy the wooden bed built in a mezzanine guaranteeing you a good night sleep!  It is easily accessible as it is situated on the ground floor with direct access to a courtyard. Thanks  to its strategic location, it is a perfect spot to visit Paris offering short metro travelling times to the main touristic sites of the city.	Newly renovated,fully equipped,furnished. 8 minute walk from Daumesnil metro. All amenities within walking distance. Excellent transport links in close proximity.  Ideal place to visit: Eiffel Tower in 20 mins, the Louvre in 15mins. Absolutely cosy! Our studioflat is very comfortable and cosy and has been renovated to suit high standards to make you feel home! You will especially enjoy the wooden bed built in a mezzanine guaranteeing you a good night sleep!  It is easily accessible as it is situated on the ground floor with direct access to a courtyard. Thanks  to its strategic location, it is a perfect spot to visit Paris offering short metro travelling times to the main touristic sites of the city. You will have the whole studioflat to yourself and will be provided with a unique sense of space and privacy in the middle of Paris. My husband and I are always available to give you the best tips to facilitate your journey in Paris. Excellent transport links in close proximity with bus st
13223		Joli studio de 25m2, très cosy, avec coin chambre et vrai lit. Très bien situé à 1min du métro et du tram Porte de Charenton dans le 12ème. Situation permettant de se déplacer dans tout Paris à pieds ou en transport.
13224	looking out on trees, street market downstairs, lots of light, excellent public transportation, interesting walks to the Seine, Bastille, Bois de Vincennes, everything you need to feel at home, easily accommodates 3 (4 in a pinch)	Fully furnished 4-room apartment - 75 m2 (807 sq ft) - on a tree-lined boulevard, in an 1897 building, 6th floor with elevator, street market downstairs, view of Eiffel Tower from balcony, 2 metro lines, 4 buses, banks, post offices; fast internet. looking out on trees, street market downstairs, lots of light, excellent public transportation, interesting walks to the Seine, Bastille, Bois de Vincennes, everything you need to feel at home, easily accommodates 3 (4 in a pinch) Full access to all of apartment except for one closet and a few shelves, printer available, fiber optic internet, HiDef flat screen TV, DVDs, VHS films, lots of books, pots, pans, fully equipped kitchen, washer, dishwasher only from a distance, by email or skype Shopping at the street market Tues & Fri, a block or less to supermarkets, banks, post offices, pharmacies, parks, lots of little shops - cheese, wine, bakeries, cafes, flowers - walking to the Seine, crossing the pedestrian bridge to the 13th, hopping on t
13225	This 24 m2 studio is located near the most of touristic attractions. I love this neighborhood because it is very convivial and airy. It is near one of the lungs of Paris : le bois de Vincennes. The line 8 is a centrale line and crosses the heart of Paris. Many market, an typique outdoor market 2 times a week. A large supermarket (Monoprix) 3 min walking. An entrance with a dressing A lounge with a sofa bed for 2  Wifi Access (Orange, very strong network)  - Television - Digicode - Guard Bathrom with shower / WC Kitchen with dish-washer, washer, fridge with freezer compartment, 2 induction hobs,  kitchenware, microwave, electric coffee maker, toaster. Bus line 46 and many stations of VELIB and AUTOLIB. By walking, 10 min from Daumesnil and 15 min from Nation. By métro, 5 min from Bastille, 10 min from Gare de Lyon,  15 min from Republique and Châtelet 20 min from Opéra and Galeries Lafayette - Printemps stores. 30 min from Saint-Michel, St Germain des prés and Notre-Dame. 	"Welcom for a stay in the capitale between Daumesnil place and the wood of Vincennes. The luminous studio on 5è floor with lift is with a garden view. It is a perfect ""pied à terre"" in the capitale !  2 min walking of Michel Bizot station (line 8) This 24 m2 studio is located near the most of touristic attractions. I love this neighborhood because it is very convivial and airy. It is near one of the lungs of Paris : le bois de Vincennes. The line 8 is a centrale line and crosses the heart of Paris. Many market, an typique outdoor market 2 times a week. A large supermarket (Monoprix) 3 min walking. An entrance with a dressing A lounge with a sofa bed for 2  Wifi Access (Orange, very strong network)  - Television - Digicode - Guard Bathrom with shower / WC Kitchen with dish-washer, washer, fridge with freezer compartment, 2 induction hobs,  kitchenware, microwave, electric coffee maker, toaster. Bus line 46 and many stations of VELIB and AUTOLIB. By walking, 10 min from Daumesnil and 15 m"
13226	As it has all the facilities, It feels like home!	Charmant space of 35m2 with elevator located between Garde de Lyon, Bercy and Quais de Seine. Situated on the 4th floor it offers you a relaxing view from the balcony. It is fully equiped flat! As it has all the facilities, It feels like home! You will have access to all the equipment of the flat! We will always be at your disposition! The flat is 2 mins walk to Parc de Bercy which is one of the best attractions in Paris. Also Bercy Village which is 10 mins walk offers you different shops and restaurants beeing situated on a famous street in Paris. La Seine is 5 mins walk and there you can feel the parisianne air. The neighbourhood gives you supermarkets, cinema and coffee shops along the street. The flat is between the subways Gare de Lyon and Bercy.  There is also a Bus stop. It's a calm neighbourhood!
13227	The apartment is blend of:  - One bright living room with a big and confortable couch, TV, Bluetooth speaker. - One bedroom equipped with a double bed - One little, but full-equipped kitchen (oven, two hotplates, coffee machine including Nespresso caspules, toaster, juicer…)  - One brand-new bathroom (towel drying heater, hair dryer, towels and shower gel and shampoo). There is a curtain to separate kitchen and bathroom waiting for the new door.	Real haven of peace located under Parisians roofs, this lovely and modern 2 rooms apartment represent a perfect place to stay in Paris and discover the city. The apartment is blend of:  - One bright living room with a big and confortable couch, TV, Bluetooth speaker. - One bedroom equipped with a double bed - One little, but full-equipped kitchen (oven, two hotplates, coffee machine including Nespresso caspules, toaster, juicer…)  - One brand-new bathroom (towel drying heater, hair dryer, towels and shower gel and shampoo). There is a curtain to separate kitchen and bathroom waiting for the new door. All rooms On your arrival I’ll be glad to get you some fresh oranges, 1 fresh baguette butter and Jam to enable you to enjoy a delicious french breakfast before starting your first day of sight-seeing The apartment is located in the heart of a nice shopping district (butchery, bakery, fishmonger’s, florist, supermarket, pharmacy…)  3 minutes walk from the Vincennes park: Zoo, Lake (where y
13228	Le canapé d'angle est convertible en lit double. Le lit de la chambre est un large lit de 160 cm de largeur.  La cuisine complète est équipée d’un frigo, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson,  grille-pain et machine à café Nespresso. 	Ce deux-pièces confortable et lumineux aux poutres apparentes a deux pas de la place Daumesnil (Félix Eboué) peut accueillir 2 à 4 personnes. Le canapé d'angle est convertible en lit double. Le lit de la chambre est un large lit de 160 cm de largeur.  La cuisine complète est équipée d’un frigo, micro-onde, plaques de cuisson,  grille-pain et machine à café Nespresso. Accès Internet ainsi qu’à toutes les chaines de la TNT (HD) Je ne serai pas présent dans l'appartement lors des réservations mais resterai joignable sur mon portable pour toutes questions. Il n'y a pas de place de parking attribué à l'appartement. Cependant très facile de se garer aux alentours.  De plus très simple d'y accès en transport en commun (RER/Métro/Bus) Métro Ligne 8 Daumesnil  Métro Ligne 6 Daumesnil
13229	"Hello! I rent my appartment during wk, week days, copple of days or a week, during the summer, the year, and specially during holidays! Lovely appartment with full equipped in a nice neighborhood: Cute bathroom with bath and shower, kitchen (fridge, illy coffee machine, microwave, oven, dishes, toaster...) 2 places bed + 1 ""sofa bed"", balcoon with 2 garden seats, tv, wifi... In front of the huge garden of Bercy, pedestrian area of Court saint emilion (full of restorants, bars, shops...), 3 stations from Chatelet (the center of Paris), 3 stations from North Station. There is a bike station ""Velib"" right in the street... The neighborhood is very reachable. You will be more than welcom!"	"Hello! I rent my appartment during wk, week days, copple of days or a week, during the summer, the year, and specially during holidays! Lovely appartment with full equipped in a nice neighborhood: Cute bathroom with bath and shower, kitchen (fridge, illy coffee machine, microwave, oven, dishes, toaster...) 2 places bed + 1 ""sofa bed"", balcoon with 2 garden seats, tv, wifi... In front of the huge garden of Bercy, pedestrian area of Court saint emilion (full of restorants, bars, shops...), 3 stations from Chatelet (the center of Paris), 3 stations from North Station. There is a bike station ""Velib"" right in the street... The neighborhood is very reachable. You will be more than welcom!"
13230	La cour et la possibilité de prendre un petit déjeuner dehors	Au RDC d'une cour calme et pavée, un appartement-loft de 65m2 offrant un salon-cuisine, une mezzanine, une chambre et une salle de bain avec baignoire. Un grand lit double dans la chambre, un canapé lit sur la mezzanine et un autre dans le salon permettent 3X2 couchages. La cour et la possibilité de prendre un petit déjeuner dehors Les voyageurs auront accès à tout le logement sans exception, aux équipements laissés sur place : lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, cafetière expresso, Tv, wifi, DVD, rameur, hifi.... Entre nation et bastille, le quartier Faidherbe Chaligny- rue des boulets offre une atmosphérique éclectique, avec nombreux bars et restaurants branchés, avec un calme exceptionnel. Beaucoup de métros à proximité ( lignes 8,9,1,6,2) et RER. Métro rue des boulets (9) à 350m ou nation à 500m (6,1,2,9 et RER A) ou Faidherbe Chaligny en bas de la rue (8) Bus nombreux, vélin et autolib.
13231	It´s a 2 bedrooms apartment, kitchen completely equiped with dining area, 1 bathroom, 1 separate WC. Very quiet and sunny.	Located in an historical, safe and friendly district. It's a 2 bedrooms apartment, 5th floor with elevator, in a quiet and charming building. The apartment was just completely renovated. Public transports very close. It´s a 2 bedrooms apartment, kitchen completely equiped with dining area, 1 bathroom, 1 separate WC. Very quiet and sunny. Entire apartment. I live in the same street. Location in an historical, safe district. Walking distance from cafes, restaurants, supermarkets, parks and public transpotation. Close to Bastille, Gare de Lyon. Metro :Gare de Lyon, Montgallet, Reuilly Diderot Velib stations and buses. Bed linen and towels provided, hair dryer, baby cot. New : a nespresso coffee machine is waiting for you ! 
13232	Appart' doux et chaleureux. balcon wifi sèche cheveu four micro ondes baignoire moquette Proche de la Gare de Lyon à 10 min à pied (ou 2 stations) ainsi que du bois de Vincennes. Proche également de Bastille et de Bercy. Bus 47 en bas de l'appartement pour aller à saint germain des près (20min environ). Tous commerces (Monoprix 50m, Lidl, Dia, tabac, boulangerie, coiffeur...) Egalement à proximité de plusieurs marchés (rue de Reuilly à 50m tous les mardis et vendredi matin + le très connu marché d'aligre le dimanche matin).   métro Dugommier Fumeurs autorisés, dehors uniquement (balcon/fenêtre) 	Appart' doux et chaleureux. balcon wifi sèche cheveu four micro ondes baignoire moquette Proche de la Gare de Lyon à 10 min à pied (ou 2 stations) ainsi que du bois de Vincennes. Proche également de Bastille et de Bercy. Bus 47 en bas de l'appartement pour aller à saint germain des près (20min environ). Tous commerces (Monoprix 50m, Lidl, Dia, tabac, boulangerie, coiffeur...) Egalement à proximité de plusieurs marchés (rue de Reuilly à 50m tous les mardis et vendredi matin + le très connu marché d'aligre le dimanche matin).   métro Dugommier Fumeurs autorisés, dehors uniquement (balcon/fenêtre) L'immeuble dispose d'un ascenseur malheureusement non je serai partie en voyage  les marchés rue de Reuilly tous les mardis et vendredi matin ainsi que le marche d aligre le dimanche matin. la proximité avec la Gare de Lyon à 10 min à pied et le bois de Vincennes à 15 min. Proche de Bastille et de Bercy (cour saint émilion) Bus 47 en bas de l'appartement pour aller se promener a saint germain de
13233	Logement a été refait à neuf récemment.	A une minute à pieds de la place de la Nation  (5 métros y desservent tout Paris), voici une agréable 2 pièces en très bon état, pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes (1 lit double + 1 canapé lit).  1er étage sans ascenseur. clair et calme    Tout le logement est accessible. pas d'échange possible. La place de la Nation est très bien desservie en transport. Le métro et le RER desservent tout Paris. Idéal ! Métro  Nation (lignes de métro 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A) Métro Montgallet (ligne de métro 8) idéal comme pied à terre
13234		Appt. de 75 m2 + 4m2 de balcon, 1 grande pièce à vivre cuisine-salle à manger-salon très lumineuse (45m2, vue sur Paris), 2 chambres: 1 parentale et 1 grande d'enfants (lit junior + lit mezzanine). Entièrement refait 2014, ascenseur, tous conforts
13235	Appartement de 40 m2 au 5 ème étage (avec ascenseur) comprenant une entrée, une salle de bain, deux chambres (lits 2 places dans chaque chambre) (l'une d'entre elles possède un coin salon), une cuisine tout équipée (four, four à micro-onde, plaque, vaisselles...). Cet appartement est très lumineux et il peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Bâtiment sécurisé avec un code, un concierge. Wifi.	Un appartement tout confort et très bien situé. Parfait pour un couple, une famille ou encore une bande de 4 amis. Appartement de 40 m2 au 5 ème étage (avec ascenseur) comprenant une entrée, une salle de bain, deux chambres (lits 2 places dans chaque chambre) (l'une d'entre elles possède un coin salon), une cuisine tout équipée (four, four à micro-onde, plaque, vaisselles...). Cet appartement est très lumineux et il peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes. Bâtiment sécurisé avec un code, un concierge. Wifi. Je pourrai vous donner des informations sur les choses à faire aux alentours mais aussi vous donner des bonnes adresses. Le quartier est calme et sympathique. Il comporte la totalité des commerces de proximité ( supermarché, pharmacie, boulangerie, bar, restaurant...). A 5 min à pied du Bois de Vincennes (très beau parc où l'on peut faire de la barque, se poser dans l'herbe...) Métro le plus proche : Michel Bizot (ligne 8)  - A 10 min de Nation  - A 11 min de Bastille Arrêt de bus à une
13236		Charming studio with sun all day long in the flat !! Living room with kitchen side and bathroom ! 2mn on walk from metro station ! Nice shops and restaurants down the street ! Easy and fast ways to get to parisian famous places by metro !
13237	It's a very comfortable apartment, which is rare in Paris. Beautiful view, with a balcony overviewing the city. Even though it's a shared room, the room itself is like a separate studio apartment.	Extremely comfortable room, for 2 people, located in Bercy, in front of the Palais d'Omnisport Bercy.  Brand new bed 140x190 Ventilator for the summer Balcony overviewing the neighborhood It's a very comfortable apartment, which is rare in Paris. Beautiful view, with a balcony overviewing the city. Even though it's a shared room, the room itself is like a separate studio apartment. Access to the rented room, the kitchen, toilet room and bathroom Availability to help/assess guests in getting to know the city, metro tickets, what to do, what to visit Very safe, nice and quiet neighborhood, with restaurants, movie theaters, parks and the metro station just a few steps away Less than 5 minutes away from the Bercy metro station, connected to lines 6 and 14. You can be in Chatêlet (city center) in just 10 minutes. Check in after 19h during the week days, and after 15h during the weekends. You can always ask availability to check in before or after those hours. During the week, normally work 
13238	The property features an open-plan !tted kitchen with refrigerator, kettle, coffee machine, microwave, electric plates and a living area. The living room comes with sofa bed and desk.	Looking for a modern and comfortable place in the heart of Paris ? If yes, then this may be the perfect nest for you! This apartment (26sqm) features minimalist and functional furniture, which provides full comfort to the apartment's tenants and thei
13239		Appartement accueillant,douillet et lumineux.  Moins de 5 min à pieds du bois de Vincennes pour profitez d'un pique nique au bord du lac et 15 min du centre ville en métro.  Cuisine équipée, grande pièce à vivre (20m2), télé, wifi.  Vous vous sentirez tout de suite chez vous ! Bus, métros et tramways à 1min.
13240	Ce que je vous propose:  Studio 100% indépendant dans un immeuble des années 80, comprenant une grande pièce à vivre de 37 m², 3ème étage avec ascenseur. un grand lit deux places un canapé convertible deux places  un grand canapé d'angle La salle de bains avec une douche italienne vous trouverez un sèche cheveux ainsi que des produits de dépannage et des serviettes propre seront installés dès votre arrivée. Un coin cuisine équipé d'un four, un auto cuiseur vapeur, cafetière, bouilloire et un robot cuisine. une connection WIFI et un ecran led 3D.	Ce que je vous propose:  Studio 100% indépendant dans un immeuble des années 80, comprenant une grande pièce à vivre de 37 m², 3ème étage avec ascenseur. un grand lit deux places un canapé convertible deux places  un grand canapé d'angle La salle de bains avec une douche italienne vous trouverez un sèche cheveux ainsi que des produits de dépannage et des serviettes propre seront installés dès votre arrivée. Un coin cuisine équipé d'un four, un auto cuiseur vapeur, cafetière, bouilloire et un robot cuisine. une connection WIFI et un ecran led 3D. Un très grand marché sur le boulevard Daumesnil le mardi et vendredi matin, des cinémas à Bercy village, nombreux bars et boites de nuit à bastille. Face à l'appartement vous trouverez, boulangerie, boucherie, fromagerie, tabac et de nombreux surface commerçante, des stations velib et Taxis Metro à 5min à pieds ligne 6 et 8 station Daumesnil il vous emmènera visiter les lieux incontournables de la capitale:  Tour Eiffel, Sacré Coeur, Champs Ely
13241		Charmant studio de 23m2 très bien éclairé avec balcon en plein coeur de Paris à deux pas de la station de métro Faidherbe Chaligny. Profitez de la cuisine équipée avec un lave linge, sèche linge, un four et des rangements. 6ème étage sans ascenceur.
13242	Bienvenue dans mon univers ! Bienvenue chez moi ! Tout est prêt et équipé, vous serez comme chez vous ! Venez avec vos valises ! L'appartement est très fonctionnel. Parfaitement au calme et silencieux ! Le quartier est calme avec de très bons restaurants ! Parfait pour un couple, un couple avec un ou deux enfants, deux ou trois amis ou pour une personne seule ayant besoin d'espace pour travailler ou se reposer au calme ! Il y a un lit enfant (lit parapluie pop-up) dans la chambre double (lit double en mezzanine !!!!! Matelas Simmons neuf). Dans le salon, il y a deux lits simples (matelas futons japonais). L'appartement est au rez-de-chaussée, légèrement surélevé.	Dans rue privée avec parking gratuit ! Appartement au calme et très bien placé (Métro Nation desservi par 5 lignes !). Repos et confort ! Une belle surface. 1 chambre double (lit mezzanine), 1 séjour avec deux lits twins. Bienvenue dans mon univers ! Bienvenue dans mon univers ! Bienvenue chez moi ! Tout est prêt et équipé, vous serez comme chez vous ! Venez avec vos valises ! L'appartement est très fonctionnel. Parfaitement au calme et silencieux ! Le quartier est calme avec de très bons restaurants ! Parfait pour un couple, un couple avec un ou deux enfants, deux ou trois amis ou pour une personne seule ayant besoin d'espace pour travailler ou se reposer au calme ! Il y a un lit enfant (lit parapluie pop-up) dans la chambre double (lit double en mezzanine !!!!! Matelas Simmons neuf). Dans le salon, il y a deux lits simples (matelas futons japonais). L'appartement est au rez-de-chaussée, légèrement surélevé. La rue est privée et très calme. Une place de parking pour y stationner !! Ra
13243	"Bienvenu dans cet appartement situé au 4ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien, qui offre confort et calme. Il est niché au fond d’une jolie cour pavée et arborée, très « parisienne ». Composé d’un salon, d’une cuisine américaine, d’une chambre et d’une salle de bain, il est idéal pour un couple / 2 personnes souhaitant séjourner sereinement et confortablement dans la capitale. L’appartement donne sur la cour, paisible donc. - Welcome to this flat located on the 4th and last floor of a parisian building. The flat is comfortable and quiet. It is at the back of a private courtyard with cobblestones, very ""Parisian"". Flat is composed by a living-room, an American kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. Ideal for a couple / 2 persons who are aiming for a serenely and comfortable trip in Paris. The flat is very peaceful, view is on the courtyard."	"Bienvenu dans cet appartement situé au 4ème et dernier étage d'un immeuble ancien, qui offre confort et calme. Il est niché au fond d’une jolie cour pavée et arborée, très « parisienne ». Composé d’un salon, d’une cuisine américaine, d’une chambre et d’une salle de bain, il est idéal pour un couple / 2 personnes souhaitant séjourner sereinement et confortablement dans la capitale. L’appartement donne sur la cour, paisible donc. - Welcome to this flat located on the 4th and last floor of a parisian building. The flat is comfortable and quiet. It is at the back of a private courtyard with cobblestones, very ""Parisian"". Flat is composed by a living-room, an American kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom. Ideal for a couple / 2 persons who are aiming for a serenely and comfortable trip in Paris. The flat is very peaceful, view is on the courtyard. Nous vivons dans cet appartement avec ma compagne, vous y trouverez tout ce qu’il vous faut pour y passer un agréable séjour : cuisine équipée, lave"
13244	Apartment for 2 people, subway Faidherbe-Chaligny station (line 8) or Reuilly-Diderot (line 1) or Nation (lines 1,2,6,9, RER A). Historic neighborhood of the french revolution. Close to shops, subways, buses. 6th floor with lift, handicapped accessible. The building is very quiet and secure. The apartment consists of two rooms with an area of 485 square feet. One bedroom / bathroom, separate water closet, living room / fitted kitchen. A food supermarket available next to the building.  Many restaurants in the area, many shops, lively. Famous Market Place (Aligre) at 0,3 mile.	    2 rooms flat in the south of the 11th arrondissement, one of the oldest district in Paris, between Bastille and Nation squares. Many transports nearby (6 subway lines, 3 buses). Trendy and shopping area. Aligre Market.                      Apartment for 2 people, subway Faidherbe-Chaligny station (line 8) or Reuilly-Diderot (line 1) or Nation (lines 1,2,6,9, RER A). Historic neighborhood of the french revolution. Close to shops, subways, buses. 6th floor with lift, handicapped accessible. The building is very quiet and secure. The apartment consists of two rooms with an area of 485 square feet. One bedroom / bathroom, separate water closet, living room / fitted kitchen. A food supermarket available next to the building.  Many restaurants in the area, many shops, lively. Famous Market Place (Aligre) at 0,3 mile. Fully equipped apartment, Wi-Fi (fibre optic), washing machine, fitted kitchen (dishwasher, fridge, freezer, food processor, hob, oven, toaster, blender, nespresso coffee ma
13245		Vaste appartement, idéal pour une famille de passage à Paris! Deux grandes chambres: l'une avec un grand lit, l'autre pour les enfants. Grand salon avec canapé lit très confortable Petit balcon avec barbecue Quartier calme, parc et jardins proches!
13246		Un très bel appartement dans un immeuble haussmannien situé en plein cœur de la place de la Nation. Très calme , propre et accueillant .  Métro et RER A au pied de l'appartement .  A proximité de tous commerces .
13247	Sunny and beautiful studio-apartment with nice view located on the 6th floor (and last) in a building (with elevator).  The apartment had just went through a full complete renovation this month November 2013. Everything is new, bed, matress, linen, floor, bath, kitchen. you will really enjoy a clean, fresh and new llok for the apartment. This comfortable (website hidden) studio offers a fresh and bright atmosphere with a well-planned day and night area. The apartment has 2 areas, kitchen and sleeping area which a double bed. The sleeping area has 2 single beds that you can unfold and you can have another double bed. Very convenient for multiple visitors or a couple with kids. In regards the toilets, the apartment is equippped with a saniflo system; a very common system in Europe. You can type saniflo system on internet to learn more about this. toilets paper is provided and cannot be thrown in the toilets for security reasons. you can throw the toilets paper in the garbage bag provided	Sunny and beautiful studio-apartment with nice view located on the 6th floor (and last) in a building (with elevator).  The apartment had just went through a full complete renovation this month November 2013. Everything is new, bed, matress, linen, floor, bath, kitchen. you will really enjoy a clean, fresh and new llok for the apartment. This comfortable (website hidden) studio offers a fresh and bright atmosphere with a well-planned day and night area. The apartment has 2 areas, kitchen and sleeping area which a double bed. The sleeping area has 2 single beds that you can unfold and you can have another double bed. Very convenient for multiple visitors or a couple with kids. In regards the toilets, the apartment is equippped with a saniflo system; a very common system in Europe. You can type saniflo system on internet to learn more about this. toilets paper is provided and cannot be thrown in the toilets for security reasons. you can throw the toilets paper in the garbage bag provided
13248		4ème  étage, avec ascenseur. 3 pièces avec Balcon. Calme donnant sur jardin et ruelle. Proximité commerces entre Nation et Bastille. Monuments parisiens facilement accessibles. Métro 1, 8, 2, 6, 9 et RER A à deux pas. Idéal famille. draps et serviettes fournis lit bébé jeux pour les enfants wifi et nombreuses chaines télé sèche cheveux vaissellerie complète four  micro ondes  bouilloire cafetière table et fer à repasser Quartier animé, nombreux commerces de proximité (boulangerie, boucherie, supermarché, pharmacie et marché tous les jours sauf le lundi) et restaurants. - Metro : Station Reuilly Diderot à 200 mètres ( ligne 1 et 8) station Nation (métro et RER) à 7 min, avec un accès aux lignes 1,2,6,9, RER A qui vous permettent de rejoindre très rapidement tous les grands monuments parisiens et direct EuroDisney. - Bus : plusieurs stations à moins de 5 min.  - Taxis : Station à Faidherbe chaligny - 5 min ou Nation - 7 min.  - Velib : Station à Reuilly Diderot - 2 min. Depuis l'aéroport
13249	This is a lovely one bedroom flat (30sqm) with wooden beams. It has a lounge with a small kitchen with a view on the street (see pictures) and a quiet bedroom and bathroom at the back. This is the perfect place for two.	This is a lovely one bedroom flat (30sqm) with wooden beams. It has a lounge with a small kitchen with a view on the street (see pictures) and a quiet bedroom and bathroom at the back. This is the perfect place for two. Whole flat I'll be staying just around the corner and I'd be delighted to give you advice on the nice spots of the neighborhood. This is a fantastic neighborhood, you'll get the best of both worlds : on the one hand it is very central and easy to access, on the other hand, you'll get a real taste of everyday parisian life with smaller cafés and nice restaurants. To me it is definitely the best neighborhood in Paris! Metro stations Ledru Rollin and Faidherbe Chaligny are about 3 minute walk, Reuilly Diderot is about 5, Bastille less than 10 and Gare de Lyon about 10-15 minute walk. Bus 86 (that takes you to the Vincennes Castle and wood or to Saint Germain / Odeon on the other side) is just down the street (1 minute walk). The bed and mattress are brand new, I promise yo
13250	Ce studio est doté de coin cuisine équipé avec 2 feux à gaz, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, grille pain, bouilloire. Vous aurez &à votre disposition tous les outils de cuisine, vaisselle et couverts. les draps et les serviettes de bains sont aussi fournis	A 200 mètres de la place de la Nation, dans un ilot vert , lumineux ,donnant sur cour intérieure, calme, ascenseur, vous serez séduits par ce petit bijoux situé dans un quartier résidentiel très bien desservi par metro, RER et bus . Wi-Fi via  fibre Ce studio est doté de coin cuisine équipé avec 2 feux à gaz, micro-onde, réfrigérateur, grille pain, bouilloire. Vous aurez &à votre disposition tous les outils de cuisine, vaisselle et couverts. les draps et les serviettes de bains sont aussi fournis Iper bien desservi vous pourrez vous déplacer dans tout paris avec les lignes de metro 2 , 6, 1, 9.  Vous serez à 1 station de metro de la gare de Lyon, 5 stations de la Gare d'Austerlitz, 2 station du nouveau Zoo , du Parc Floral et du Bois de (website hidden) place de la Nation est aussi l'arrêt du RER A  qui traverse Paris arrivant de EuroDisney et qui va jusque à la Defense. Nombreux bus marquent l'arrêt dans les allentours Je vous accueillerai à l'appartement et je serais disponible via é
13251	"Come and discover in the heart of Paris, in the Bastille area, our charming 17th century little nest for two persons, in its shaded picturesque yard which is situated in a lively neighbourhood.  We propose this tiny three levelled house, which is all at your entire disposal . As you come into the first floor through the kitchen : it comprises a dining area, fridge, small electric hob, washing machine, microwave oven, kettle, coffer maker, a small oven, an iron and ironing table.  On the second little floor, you will find the ""lounge"" and its small spare bed, a TV, WiFi connection to internet, the shower room, with toilets, and air dryer. On the third part, is the ""mezzanine"" with a double bed. Towels and sheet are supplied.  Please note the narrow stairs In this very lively neighbourhood, you will find many nice restaurants, night life, shops, the Alligre Market (400m) opened every day except Monday, or the Richard Lenoir walks on thirsday and sundays. (200m) You will be 15mn walk from"	"Come and discover in the heart of Paris,  our charming  17th centyury little nest  in its shaded picturesque yard. The place may receive two persons, who may enjoy a  nice stay on their own in a very lively neibourghood. Come and discover in the heart of Paris, in the Bastille area, our charming 17th century little nest for two persons, in its shaded picturesque yard which is situated in a lively neighbourhood.  We propose this tiny three levelled house, which is all at your entire disposal . As you come into the first floor through the kitchen : it comprises a dining area, fridge, small electric hob, washing machine, microwave oven, kettle, coffer maker, a small oven, an iron and ironing table.  On the second little floor, you will find the ""lounge"" and its small spare bed, a TV, WiFi connection to internet, the shower room, with toilets, and air dryer. On the third part, is the ""mezzanine"" with a double bed. Towels and sheet are supplied.  Please note the narrow stairs In this very l"
13252	Living room/open kitchen Kitchen equipped with Oven/microwave, fridge/freezer, Electric stove top, dishwasher, toaster, kitchen utensils… Living room: dining area, sofa, armchair, coffee table, unlimited internet access, Wifi, television Bedroom: Queen Size bed,  Bathroom: shower, WC and washer.  The flat is on the 3rd floor (French) with lift. 	Charming pied à terre on quiet street. 2 blocks to Nation station. Easy access to all of Paris Living room/open kitchen Kitchen equipped with Oven/microwave, fridge/freezer, Electric stove top, dishwasher, toaster, kitchen utensils… Living room: dining area, sofa, armchair, coffee table, unlimited internet access, Wifi, television Bedroom: Queen Size bed,  Bathroom: shower, WC and washer.  The flat is on the 3rd floor (French) with lift. Several bakeries, supermarkets, groceries, restaurants are available nearby. The flat is very well served with metro lines 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A at Nation. Also Bus 352 for Roissy CDG Arrival between 2 and 7 pm
13253	Nice studio with a living room, a bathroom and an equiped kitchen at the third floor of a pretty building in Paris. The flat is very quiet. Meanwhile, it's very close to the best parisian neighborhood to go out at night with many restaurants, bars and nightclubs (Bastille, République, Grands Boulevards). There is everything you need in the kitchen to cook (cooker, microwave, Nespresso machine...). There is a washing machine. There is also a TV, Internet access and a hifi system...	Comfortable and charming in a nice area with all the shops and services: deli, bakery, butcher, bars, restaurants and shops. Ideal to enjoy for 2 people Nice studio with a living room, a bathroom and an equiped kitchen at the third floor of a pretty building in Paris. The flat is very quiet. Meanwhile, it's very close to the best parisian neighborhood to go out at night with many restaurants, bars and nightclubs (Bastille, République, Grands Boulevards). There is everything you need in the kitchen to cook (cooker, microwave, Nespresso machine...). There is a washing machine. There is also a TV, Internet access and a hifi system... With a 10-minute walk you can get to Bastille. Connected to many metro lines (lane 1, lane 2, lane 6, lane 9) and RER lanes (at Nation: RER A), you are 10 minutes away from Châtelet, Grands Boulevards and 20 minutes away from Tour Eiffel, Champs Elysées and Montmartre.
13254	Wonderful location. A peaceful haven close to the huzz and buzz of one of the liveliest neighborhoods of the city (Faidherbe, Bastille...) away from tourist crowds yet so close to everything Paris has to offer. Take a glimpse into everyday life of Parisians.The appartment is very close to two metro stations (Reuilly-Diderot and Nation), with most of Paris tourist sights (Louvre Museum, Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine,...) less than 20 minutes away. Euro Disney is only 40 minutes away by RERThere is also a Velib (city bike rental) station directly outside the building. There is a small supermarket in the building next door and a large one 3 minutes away. All sorts of good bakeries, street markets, cafes and restaurants nearby (we'll be happy to give you suggestions on where to go!), everything you need  to make your Paris experience unique. Bed linens and towels are provided. Check in and check out times can be flexible if there is no other guest before and after your stay.	Relax and enjoy the quiet of this place after a busy day discovering Paris. If you want to live like a Parisian family, in a great neighborhood, close to metro and markets, restaurants, and everything Paris has to offer, this is the place to go.  Wonderful location. A peaceful haven close to the huzz and buzz of one of the liveliest neighborhoods of the city (Faidherbe, Bastille...) away from tourist crowds yet so close to everything Paris has to offer. Take a glimpse into everyday life of Parisians.The appartment is very close to two metro stations (Reuilly-Diderot and Nation), with most of Paris tourist sights (Louvre Museum, Champs Elysees, Opera, Madeleine,...) less than 20 minutes away. Euro Disney is only 40 minutes away by RERThere is also a Velib (city bike rental) station directly outside the building. There is a small supermarket in the building next door and a large one 3 minutes away. All sorts of good bakeries, street markets, cafes and restaurants nearby (we'll be happy t
13255	Gorgeous flat with a bedroom and a living room. Full of light thanks to 2 balconies, on the 8th and top floor of the building, the view is quite appreciable and if you look carefully you can see the Eiffel tower! Very quiet and peacefull, ideal for a romantic week end in Paris! 	"Very nice apartment in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, close to the subway (100 meters). 2 balconies with a gorgeous view, and big enough to enjoy a good meal in the sunlight! The kitchen is furnished, you'll find anything you might need to cook! Gorgeous flat with a bedroom and a living room. Full of light thanks to 2 balconies, on the 8th and top floor of the building, the view is quite appreciable and if you look carefully you can see the Eiffel tower! Very quiet and peacefull, ideal for a romantic week end in Paris! Nice and quiet neighbourhood, the subway is only 100 meters away from the flat! Supermarket and other shops are very close as well, and on sundays you can walk to the street market and enjoy a good rosted chicken or fresh fruits! Subway close to the flat (100 meters), there is also a ""velib"" (to rent a bike) station in front of the building, and the bus in the same street!"
13256	Charming Parisian apartment 3 rooms (60 m2) in a small family building with wooden floors and beams in a lively neighborhood. Ideal for couples with children. The apartment consists of: -a bedroom with a bed for 2  -a baby room with a cot and all the baby equipment (changing table, baby bath, high chair, toys, baby cook ...). -a large living room with large sofa, table for 4 and kitchen all equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, induction hob, oven, microwave, nespresso). The sofa in the living room can accommodate one person. -a shower room with WC Comfortable with computer, internet access WIFI., Play Station 3 and projector for movie nights at home Close to Reuilly Diderot metro: -direct to Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Chatelet, the Marais, Louvre, Concorde and Champs Elysees -direct to the Grands Boulevards, the Opera Garnier and the Bois de Vincennes 5 minutes walk from Nation (RER A direct to Disneyland Paris),  15 minutes walk from Bastille. substations Velib a	Charming Parisian apartment 3 rooms (60 m2) in a small family building with wooden floors and beams in a lively neighborhood. Ideal for couples with children. The apartment consists of: -a bedroom with a bed for 2  -a baby room with a cot and all the baby equipment (changing table, baby bath, high chair, toys, baby cook ...). -a large living room with large sofa, table for 4 and kitchen all equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, induction hob, oven, microwave, nespresso). The sofa in the living room can accommodate one person. -a shower room with WC Comfortable with computer, internet access WIFI., Play Station 3 and projector for movie nights at home Close to Reuilly Diderot metro: -direct to Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Chatelet, the Marais, Louvre, Concorde and Champs Elysees -direct to the Grands Boulevards, the Opera Garnier and the Bois de Vincennes 5 minutes walk from Nation (RER A direct to Disneyland Paris),  15 minutes walk from Bastille. substations Velib a
13257	"Appartement spacieux à ""Saint Mandé"", dans un environnement boisé. Sur la ligne 1 du métro direction ""Nation, Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Louvre, Champs Élysées"" et à 2 stations du RER direction DISNEY. Et à proximité du ZOO de Vincennes. Appartement spacieux à ""Saint Mandé"", dans un environnement boisé. Sur la ligne 1 du métro direction ""Nation, Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Louvre, Champs Élysées"" et à 2 stations du RER direction DISNEY. Et à proximité du ZOO de Vincennes. The location is a mere 8 minutes walk from the station Saint-Mande, on line 1 of the underground. This line is speedy and conveniently takes you straight to Bastille and the Marais in 10 minutes, the Louvre in 15 or the Champs Elysées in 20 minutes.  Also, You have an access to the RER A Disneyland Paris in 30 minutes. Old apartment building in type Haussmann (fireplaces, moldings, parquet), with 3 large rooms that can accommodate up to 6 adults. - 2 beds for 2 persons - 2 single bed   A children bedroom with many toys. "	"Appartement spacieux à ""Saint Mandé"", dans un environnement boisé. Sur la ligne 1 du métro direction ""Nation, Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Louvre, Champs Élysées"" et à 2 stations du RER direction DISNEY. Et à proximité du ZOO de Vincennes. Appartement spacieux à ""Saint Mandé"", dans un environnement boisé. Sur la ligne 1 du métro direction ""Nation, Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Louvre, Champs Élysées"" et à 2 stations du RER direction DISNEY. Et à proximité du ZOO de Vincennes. Appartement spacieux à ""Saint Mandé"", dans un environnement boisé. Sur la ligne 1 du métro direction ""Nation, Bastille, Hôtel de Ville, Louvre, Champs Élysées"" et à 2 stations du RER direction DISNEY. Et à proximité du ZOO de Vincennes. The location is a mere 8 minutes walk from the station Saint-Mande, on line 1 of the underground. This line is speedy and conveniently takes you straight to Bastille and the Marais in 10 minutes, the Louvre in 15 or the Champs Elysées in 20 minutes.  Also, You have an access to the RER A "
13258	Very nice 2/3 room flat of 45 square meter, with two large bedrooms, bright and cozy, and a large entryway such is also the dining area, with a folding table for up to 6 people. Chairs are available. You will enjoy a bathroom with a bathtub, WC, sink and a washing machine. Bath towels and shower products are available. The kitchen, with a large worktop is fully equipped : Fridge, hobs, microwave, toaster, Italian coffee machine, and a hood. Bedroom 1/living room : Double bed very comfortable, a wardrobe, a dresser so you can make yourself up with intimacy, a spacious desk, and a little wooden bench which can be used as a coffee table. You can also push the bed against the wall and enjoy a big living area. The bedroom 2, you will find a double bed very comfortable,  a lockable low cabinet and a wooden wardrobe. WiFi is available. And you will find a fan in case of hot weather. This flat is nice for couples, friends or family.	"Very nice flat of 45 square meter with 3 rooms, 2 bedrooms and a dinning room. Bright, quiet and cozy, the flat is fully furnished, into the ""12th arrondissement"" of Paris. Close to the ""Place de la nation"" and the ""bois de Vincennes"". Very nice 2/3 room flat of 45 square meter, with two large bedrooms, bright and cozy, and a large entryway such is also the dining area, with a folding table for up to 6 people. Chairs are available. You will enjoy a bathroom with a bathtub, WC, sink and a washing machine. Bath towels and shower products are available. The kitchen, with a large worktop is fully equipped : Fridge, hobs, microwave, toaster, Italian coffee machine, and a hood. Bedroom 1/living room : Double bed very comfortable, a wardrobe, a dresser so you can make yourself up with intimacy, a spacious desk, and a little wooden bench which can be used as a coffee table. You can also push the bed against the wall and enjoy a big living area. The bedroom 2, you will find a double bed very co"
13259		Appartement lumineux dans le quartier de Nation - Paris 12, 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Il est composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine équipée (frifo, four, machine à café, plaques...), d'un salon (canapé, table basse, tv, lecteur DVD...), d'une chambre. Appartement situé dans le quartier de nation. L’appartement fait environ 35m² au 5eme étage avec ascenseur. Il est lumineux, est composé d'une entrée, d'une cuisine équipée (frigo, four, cafetière, plaques...), d'un salon (canapé, table basse, TV et lecteur DVD...), d'une chambre (armoire, grand lit, bureau avec PC) et d'une salle de bain Proximité des lignes de metro 1,2,6,9,8 et RER A. (à moins de 300m)
13260	vous revez d une suite d hotel au prix d une chambre standard? faites vous plaisir !  Idéal pour 2 adultes ! +2enfants dormants dans le meme lit( sofa banquette lit)	Appartement design tout confort , très calme, proche toute commodité ( métro , RER , vélib, autolib, bons restaurants..) Idéal pour couple ; possibilité 3 couchages ( banquette lit dans le salon pouvant acceuillir 1 adulte ou 2 enfants) Balcon, wifi, chaîne hifi iPod . vous revez d une suite d hotel au prix d une chambre standard? faites vous plaisir !  Idéal pour 2 adultes ! +2enfants dormants dans le meme lit( sofa banquette lit) Télevision, wifi,machine à laver ( linge),cafetière Nespresso, linge de maison ( draps et serviettes de bain) je reste à votre disposition si vous avez besoin de quelque chose.j habite pas trés loin et travail dans le 10eme arrondisement(quartier trés sympa aussi) Quartier sympa , proche très bons restaurants, cinéma, métro. Centre de paris accessible à pied par rue très commerçante ! Au pied de l immeuble : vélib ,autolib,  métro à 150 m, RER a 250 m,  cafetiére nespresso avec capsules fournies! Lait, beurre et jus d orange vous attendent dans le frigidaire
13261	Two bedrooms with beds for 2 people. A living room with a sofa/bed for 1 or 2 people. The flat as also a kitchen, a bathroom with separated toilets.	Charming and spacious flat. Very clam and with 2 separated bedrooms. Next to metro station and commerces. Two bedrooms with beds for 2 people. A living room with a sofa/bed for 1 or 2 people. The flat as also a kitchen, a bathroom with separated toilets. Every thing in the flat is usable: Tv, kitchen, wifi, I also leave sheets and all the cleaning stuffs. You just need to bring your own towels.  The whole flat is available during your stay. There will be no other people. There are many commerces in the neighborhood, it is quite, not far from the center, and a big metro station is just next to the flat. Metro 1, 2, 6, 9. RER A. Many buses.
13262	Appartement spacieux et très agréable; charme de l'ancien. Deux chambres avec lits doubles (couettes et linge de lit fournis).  Salon lumineux. Un canapé-lit permettant deux couchages supplémentaires.  Salle d'eau (douche, lavabo, WC).  Cuisine équipée et fonctionnelle: grand réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, bouilloire, deux feux au gaz. Lave-linge. 	Joli trois pièces au 2ème étage sans ascenseur avec deux chambres au calme sur cour pavée et fleurie et salon donnant sur la rue du Rendez-vous. Quartier Picpus -Nation.  Offre spéciale été 2015: 2 semaines pour 1050€ & 3 semaines pour 1500€! Appartement spacieux et très agréable; charme de l'ancien. Deux chambres avec lits doubles (couettes et linge de lit fournis).  Salon lumineux. Un canapé-lit permettant deux couchages supplémentaires.  Salle d'eau (douche, lavabo, WC).  Cuisine équipée et fonctionnelle: grand réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, bouilloire, deux feux au gaz. Lave-linge. Tout l'appartement est laissé à disposition des locataires.  En fonction des dates d'arrivée et de départ, nous assurerons l'accueil et le départ nous-mêmes ou un ami s'en chargera.  Quartier très agréable. Tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble (rue du Rendez-Vous: boulangeries, poissonnerie, cavistes, primeurs, boucheries, supérette).  Promenade plantée, Bois de Vincennes, et Place de la Nation à proxi
13263	Appartement calme de 60m2 au 1e étage d'un immeuble moderne charmant et cosi, qui permet de se détendre et de reprendre des forces pour les visites touristiques ou avant toute réunion ou rendez vous de travail. Il permet de recevoir de 2 à 4 personnes, soit 2 couples ou une famille avec 1 ou 2 enfants. Dans la cuisine sans LV (désolé, mais pas de place), vous trouverez un four à vapeur (génial pour tous ce qui est légume et poisson), grand réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, plaque halogène et 1 hotte. Le salon contient un canapé d'angle avec un convertible pour 2 personnes. La chambre, également spacieuse, contient un lit 2 places, le rangement dressing est dans le couloir près de la chambre. La salle de bain donne dans la chambre et a une baignoire.  Le lave linge est dans la salle de bains. 1 grande terrasse fleurie de 18 m2 vous permettra de prendre du bon temps, par beau temps, avant ou après vos visites. Une table ronde d'extérieur et des chaises sont stockés à l'abri de la pluie da	Appt. de 2 pcs 60m2 , chambre spacieuse, salon-salle à manger 26m2 avec 1 canapé convertible  2 places, 1 salle de bains, toilette séparé, cuisine équipé sans lave vaisselle, 1 grande terrasse fleurie pour la détente. Près de métro, RER, tram et bus Appartement calme de 60m2 au 1e étage d'un immeuble moderne charmant et cosi, qui permet de se détendre et de reprendre des forces pour les visites touristiques ou avant toute réunion ou rendez vous de travail. Il permet de recevoir de 2 à 4 personnes, soit 2 couples ou une famille avec 1 ou 2 enfants. Dans la cuisine sans LV (désolé, mais pas de place), vous trouverez un four à vapeur (génial pour tous ce qui est légume et poisson), grand réfrigérateur-congélateur, four, plaque halogène et 1 hotte. Le salon contient un canapé d'angle avec un convertible pour 2 personnes. La chambre, également spacieuse, contient un lit 2 places, le rangement dressing est dans le couloir près de la chambre. La salle de bain donne dans la chambre et a une ba
13264	You will appreciate this 2 room apartment, fully renovated in a style which is modern yet warm. The quality of the carefully selected furniture and accessories makes for comfortable accommodations, with a decor worthy of the Boulle School of Design, which is located nearby.  Up to 4 people may sleep in this apartment. It includes a double bed, a sofa bed for 2 and a fully equipped kitchenette. 	"Located on one of the oldest streets of the French capital, which connects Place de la Bastille to Place de la Nation, this functional and stylish apartment will satisfy all types of travelers. You will appreciate this 2 room apartment, fully renovated in a style which is modern yet warm. The quality of the carefully selected furniture and accessories makes for comfortable accommodations, with a decor worthy of the Boulle School of Design, which is located nearby.  Up to 4 people may sleep in this apartment. It includes a double bed, a sofa bed for 2 and a fully equipped kitchenette. Facilities: Wi-Fi, flat screen TV, cable, heating The ""Faubourg Saint –Antoine"" is like a hyphen between Bastille and Nation. There is something to see, stroll, shop, snack and dinner on this long street. Free of modern buildings, which increases its charm, the Faubourg is composed of several atmospheres. It had been fpr a very long time the professional area for cabinetmakers and carpenters. Its vocation "
13265	In a quiet residence with caretakers, well maintained and flowered, a 3-room apartment on the 4th floor awaits you. The building is secured by a digital lock and an intercom, and has a lift. The accommodation is spacious, comfortable and bright (double exposure over gardens) with a clear view. You have a room with a double bed, a living room with a sofa bed for 2 and a dining-room where can be installed a single bed on request. Well furnished, it includes a bathroom with bath/shower, separate restrooms, kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, large oven, kettle, toaster...), living room with TV (TNT), DVD player, stereo, library with hundreds of books concerning Paris and history, and a Louis XVI dining-room. Many closets and storages are available for your personal belongings. Double glazed windows with electric shutters in every room and a large balcony runs along the bay windows in the living rooms. Naturally, we provide you plates and dishes, primary commodities and linens needed for your 	Come and stay in Paris in a cosy and comfortable apartment with 3 rooms that can receive 5 people. A peaceful residence close to transport links that will take you to each corner of the capital. Enjoy your stay ! In a quiet residence with caretakers, well maintained and flowered, a 3-room apartment on the 4th floor awaits you. The building is secured by a digital lock and an intercom, and has a lift. The accommodation is spacious, comfortable and bright (double exposure over gardens) with a clear view. You have a room with a double bed, a living room with a sofa bed for 2 and a dining-room where can be installed a single bed on request. Well furnished, it includes a bathroom with bath/shower, separate restrooms, kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, large oven, kettle, toaster...), living room with TV (TNT), DVD player, stereo, library with hundreds of books concerning Paris and history, and a Louis XVI dining-room. Many closets and storages are available for your personal belongings. Double
13266		The apartment is located in Nation (Paris’ east side) and offer easy access to a wide variety of transportation system with four different metro lines, the RER A, the tramway and buses. The apartment faces an internal patio and is quite calm.
13267	Near from everything in Paris, this flat from beginning of the 20th century with all the charm from Haussmann, is placed 2 minutes walk from Nation subway. With a direct access, you can easily reach the Marais within 10 minutes, 15' from the Louvres museum, 30' from Montmartre, 20' for Champs Elysée, and 40' from Eurodisney. The 80m² appartment has one big bedroom with a queen bed and two large open door-windows, a second room with a big dressing and also a queen bed. I do have a spare inflatable mattress queen size, which can be placed in either room. The living room about 35m² will allow you to seat and relax with enough seats for 6 people, whereas the dining area with the table can allow you to eat up to 8. The kitchen is small but well designed and fully equipped to cook your own meal. Wifi and international phone calls available along with international television networks. The neighbourhood is very nice with lots of shops, bakeries, food market twice a week.	Typical Parisian apartment : 2nd floor, 80m², traditional wood flooring, big living/dining room with TV/wifi, 2 big bedrooms, 1 bathroom.  2 steps away from Nation subway station (direct to Bastille, Montmartre, Champs Elysées, Disneyland, Eiffeil Near from everything in Paris, this flat from beginning of the 20th century with all the charm from Haussmann, is placed 2 minutes walk from Nation subway. With a direct access, you can easily reach the Marais within 10 minutes, 15' from the Louvres museum, 30' from Montmartre, 20' for Champs Elysée, and 40' from Eurodisney. The 80m² appartment has one big bedroom with a queen bed and two large open door-windows, a second room with a big dressing and also a queen bed. I do have a spare inflatable mattress queen size, which can be placed in either room. The living room about 35m² will allow you to seat and relax with enough seats for 6 people, whereas the dining area with the table can allow you to eat up to 8. The kitchen is small but well de
13268	Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est familial : 1 lit double de 140x190cm, 2 lits simples de 90x190cm, 1 lit bébé, 1 canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Une chambre donne sur la cour intérieure de la résidence, l'autre donne sur une promenade arborée qui mène jusqu'à Bastille en passant par le viaduc des arts. La salle de bain est équipée et neuve. La cuisine est équipée de tout le confort nécessaire. Machine à laver disponible. Wifi inclus. Balcon aménagé. 1 place de parking en sous-sol. Ayant 3 enfants dont 1 bébé, l'appartement dispose de multiples jeux, jouets et accessoires bébés tels que baignoire, table à langer, lit, table/chaise, etc...	Appartement Familial de 60m2 situé dans résidence au calme, entre métro Nation et Daumesnil, à deux pas du Bois de Vincennes. A disposition 2 chambres + 1 canapé-lit, 1 salon lumineux, 1 salle de bain, 1 cuisine équipée, balcon. Non fumeur. 1 parking fermé en sous-sol. Situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, cet appartement est familial : 1 lit double de 140x190cm, 2 lits simples de 90x190cm, 1 lit bébé, 1 canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Une chambre donne sur la cour intérieure de la résidence, l'autre donne sur une promenade arborée qui mène jusqu'à Bastille en passant par le viaduc des arts. La salle de bain est équipée et neuve. La cuisine est équipée de tout le confort nécessaire. Machine à laver disponible. Wifi inclus. Balcon aménagé. 1 place de parking en sous-sol. Ayant 3 enfants dont 1 bébé, l'appartement dispose de multiples jeux, jouets et accessoires bébés tels que baignoire, table à langer, lit, table/chaise, etc... L'appartement est en accès libre hormis un débarra
13269	Our flat, in a modern building, is located in a quiet living area in eastern Paris. Around the flat you can find cafés and bars, supermarkets and just a few meters by feet you find the Coulée Verte (Green path) to go for a nice walk. It leads to Bastille in the one direction and to the beautyful and igantic parc de Vincennes with its forest in the other direction. This is the only parc (I think at least) wich is not closing at 21 o'clock like alle the other parcs! In our flat you can enjoy Paris, but if you want to stay inside, enjoy the big screen TV and relax after one day of walking in Paris you can benefit from my well equiped kitchen and enjoy your breakfast or diner on the terasse.  There is a Printemps (famous french mall) at Nations and every weekend you have a really nice market nearby.  -towels included -sheets included -shampoo included -WiFi included We speak french, german, spanish and english :)	"We are happy to welcome you in our nice flat, quite ""luxury"" for Paris. We have two roms, one big living room and one cosy bedroom, a bathroom with tub and... A GARDEN with terasse in the middle of Paris."
13270	This 4 bedroom colorful sunny apartment, with lots of space (125 sqm), architect designed with a large living room, open gourmet kitchen, balcony, has all amenities. It is situated in a safe neighborhood (Nation/Daumesnil), close to all Paris attractions by excellent public transports, 10 mins to Bastille, 20 mins to Marais, Quartier Latin, Louvre, 30 minutes to Disneyland Resort.	"This 4 bedroom spacious sunny apartment (125 sqm), large living room, open gourmet kitchen, balcony, has all amenities. It is situated in a safe neighborhood (Nation/Daumesnil), close to all Paris attractions by excellent public transports, 10 mins to Bastille, 20 mins to Marais, Quartier Latin, Louvre...  This 4 bedroom colorful sunny apartment, with lots of space (125 sqm), architect designed with a large living room, open gourmet kitchen, balcony, has all amenities. It is situated in a safe neighborhood (Nation/Daumesnil), close to all Paris attractions by excellent public transports, 10 mins to Bastille, 20 mins to Marais, Quartier Latin, Louvre, 30 minutes to Disneyland Resort. The neighborhood is very safe and relaxed, and very close to a lot of highlights, trendy districts and green areas. Bastille and Bois de Vincennes are 15 minutes walking, and ""la promenade plantée"" (city green ""highline"") just at our feet.  A lot of possibilities : bus 29 just in front of our building direc"
13271	Un petit nid dans Paris idéal pour une visite en amoureux !	Très joli 2 pièces dans Paris à 2 pas du centre (10 minutes de Bastille, 15 min de Châtelet). Quartier de Nation animé et bien desservi (5 lignes de métro/RER accès direct à Disneyland en 40 min). De nombreux bars/restaurants pour sortir ! Un petit nid dans Paris idéal pour une visite en amoureux ! La totalité du logement est accessible, vivez la vie d'une parisienne ;) Je serai sur Paris durant la période et disponible pour répondre aux éventuelles questions. J'aime aussi partager mes bons plans pour que mes visiteurs profitent à fond de leur séjour. Nation est un quartier assez animé et très accessibles (cinéma, bars, restaurant...) mais la petite rue dans laquelle est située l'appartement est très calme (le logement donne sur une cours intérieure). La localisation est idéale pour une visite de Paris pas moins de 5 lignes de métro/RER (A,1,2,6,9) qui permettent d'aller à peu près n'importe où en quelques minutes.
13272	Notre appartement donne à la fois sur la résidence et à la fois sur la promenade plantée.  Capacité d'accueil maximum 5 personnes 1 chambre avec un lit simple en mézanine la 2ème chambre est un lit simple qui est convertible en deux places et un canapé convertible 	Charmant 3 pièces de 63 m² au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, 2 chambres, cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire Calme et à 2 mn du métro Ligne 6 (5 mn de Nation) et à 4 mn de la ligne 8 (à 20 mn du centre de Paris) Proche Bois de Vincennes  Notre appartement donne à la fois sur la résidence et à la fois sur la promenade plantée.  Capacité d'accueil maximum 5 personnes 1 chambre avec un lit simple en mézanine la 2ème chambre est un lit simple qui est convertible en deux places et un canapé convertible  Quartier très calme proche de tous commerces. Proche également du Bois de Vincennes  Le métro est à 5 mn à pied (ligne 6 ou ligne 8) ainsi que le tramway 
13273	Bright apartment 2 rooms located on a quiet court.	Apartment 2 rooms of 31M ² with bedroom (1 double bed) and living room (1 sofa bed) separated. All on the courtyard side for quiet. 5th floor. Located 1 min from underground station Porte Dorée. Many shops nearby. Bright apartment 2 rooms located on a quiet court. Access to all of the apartment and its equipment. Computer and wireless internet connection available. Predominantly residential area but still dynamic. All shops and restaurants are located within 5 minutes by foots.  Vincennes wood is located at 3 minutes by foots Underground station Porte Dorée (line 8) and tramway stop (T3) at 1 minute by foots. Bus stop (line 46) at 3 minutes.
13274	Appartement exceptionnellement spacieux et lumineux, parfait pour des séjours touristiques car situé sur le ligne 1 qui dessert le cœur de Paris : Louvre, Marais, Palais Royal, Bastille, Concorde et Champs Elysées. Dernier et 4ème étage sans ascenseur.	Appartement de designer parisien, parquet, denier étage, calme et lumineux. 3 chambres indépendantes dont une suite parentale avec salle de douche. Cuisine indépendante.  Balcon.  A 10 mn en métro du Marais. Appartement exceptionnellement spacieux et lumineux, parfait pour des séjours touristiques car situé sur le ligne 1 qui dessert le cœur de Paris : Louvre, Marais, Palais Royal, Bastille, Concorde et Champs Elysées. Dernier et 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Quartier calme et commerçant, marché plusieurs fois par semaine, les mardi, jeudi, samedi et dimanche. Excellentes boulangeries toutes proches. Metro : ligne 1, 6, 9 et 3 Tramway : ligne 3 A Station Vélib et Autolib à proximité
13275		Welcome to my home!... which would likely become your Parisian home for a stay in Paris that I wish you delightful! Very well located but quiet,it was fully renovated early 2013  and is ideal for couples...in love! Metro line 9 (1minWalk), 1, 2, 6 and RER A (6minWalk) About us : Bonjour et bienvenus ! My partner David and I have decided to list both our homes for occasional renting when we are staying at the other's place. We are residing in both places, switching from one to the other... we love both and hope you would too! We live there, so if you are looking for empty places you should rather look at some other places on this site ran by housing professionals ;) we are willing to make our homes available to you and wish you will enjoy your stay in Paris living like us, in our homes. Both areas are lovely, popular and edgy. You will not feel like a tourist, these districts are the real Paris, much more than some renowned areas ;) we are looking forward to meeting you! And please, tel
13276		Dear Travelers,  We will be very happy to welcome you in our parisian appartement.  The apartment is about 70m2 with a elegant decoration,two rooms with double bed in each one , and a big living room will give you the perfect place to stay in Paris!
13277	Grand appartement spacieux avec une grande baie vitré donnant sur le séjour sous une décoration aéré avec tout le nécessaire. On s’y sens apaisé avec son voisinage calme.  Grande cuisine avec de l’espace. La cuisine est entièrement équipée Une salle de Bain avec toilettes séparés. Chambre Parentale : lit 140x190 cm Canapé position lit possible  pour deux  Ecran LCD, lave linge sèche linge, sèche cheveux, machine a café, four.   Wi-Fi sur demande point d'accès public. Notre appartement est situé au cœur de Paris, à proximité de la Gare de Lyon et Bercy village . Situé le long de la magnifique promenade piétonne appelée « coulée verte » entre le bois de Vincennes et de la Bastille . Vous l'utilisez pour rejoindre au choix 2 piscines (dont 1 couverte et 1 de plein air ) , le tout nouveau zoo, l'aquarium , de nombreux parcs avec aires de jeux et des jardins botaniques . A Bercy Village vous pouvez trouver un cinéma avec 18 écrans et des films en « Version originale » avec sous-titres franç	Grand appartement spacieux avec une grande baie vitré donnant sur le séjour sous une décoration aéré avec tout le nécessaire. Proche de Bastille, Bercy, Vincennes  Grand appartement spacieux avec une grande baie vitré donnant sur le séjour sous une décoration aéré avec tout le nécessaire. On s’y sens apaisé avec son voisinage calme.  Grande cuisine avec de l’espace. La cuisine est entièrement équipée Une salle de Bain avec toilettes séparés. Chambre Parentale : lit 140x190 cm Canapé position lit possible  pour deux  Ecran LCD, lave linge sèche linge, sèche cheveux, machine a café, four.   Wi-Fi sur demande point d'accès public. Notre appartement est situé au cœur de Paris, à proximité de la Gare de Lyon et Bercy village . Situé le long de la magnifique promenade piétonne appelée « coulée verte » entre le bois de Vincennes et de la Bastille . Vous l'utilisez pour rejoindre au choix 2 piscines (dont 1 couverte et 1 de plein air ) , le tout nouveau zoo, l'aquarium , de nombreux parcs avec
13278	Large television of 108 cm with hundreds of TV channels. The sofa at the living room can be transform into a double bed. The mirror at the bathroom have built in loudspeakers that can be used with Bluetooth. The low table at the living room can be turned into a normal table and be enlarged to host up to 8 persons around it.	"Two Cosy bright rooms on the 7th and last floor (with a lift), with view on the roofs of Paris and on the green promenade. Located on a quiet street, 100 meters from the Metro Daumesnil, lines 6 and 8, near restaurants, shops and an open market. Large television of 108 cm with hundreds of TV channels. The sofa at the living room can be transform into a double bed. The mirror at the bathroom have built in loudspeakers that can be used with Bluetooth. The low table at the living room can be turned into a normal table and be enlarged to host up to 8 persons around it. Quiet, safe, close to the Bois de Vincennes, Bastille , Bercy Village, Gare de Lyon. Many bakeries and pastry shops, the famous Raimo ice cream cheese are close to the flat.  Open market twice a week, Tuesday and Friday .  Numerous restaurants are close by. Downstairs an entry to the ""coulée verte "" (old railway track, planted promenade), Bastille can be reached on foot or by bike. Many possibilities : Metro lines 8 & 6. Bus"
13279	A private terrasse and garden to enjoy the sun in Paris	Headquarters:  A recent construction (2010) in the lively district of Reuilly Diderot near Gare de Lyon, Bastille and Nation. The subway is two minutes, and all the shops are nearby (cheesemonger, wine merchant, butchery, bakery, Monoprix).  The flat  is a large 1 room 50 m² with 3 m 10 ceiling height. Fully equipped kitchen (oven, dishwasher, microwave,...), living room and bedroom overlooking the terrace and the garden of 50 m².  The district, the apartment with terrace and private garden make this apartment an eden in the heart of Paris.  We can also give you good advices for your visits. A private terrasse and garden to enjoy the sun in Paris I am originally from Paris et know very well this wonderful city. So I can give you good advices for your visits. We have a lot of typical french shops nearby : cheesemonger, wine merchant, butchery, bakery, Monoprix, and the only market in Paris opened everyday (except Monday), the Marché d'Aligre. 2 minutres from the Métro Reuilly Diderot et
13280		The apartment overlooks the garden. Quiet, functional, comfortable, and conveniently located by the metro Daumesnil.
13281		Quiet apart with garden in the greenest Paris arrondissement, close Porte Dorée, Bois de Vincennes, Nation, a few metro stops from Bastille.  Metro Michel Bizot, Tramway. In the nearest streets, great bakeries, olympic pool, markets.
13282	Petit studio avec balcon au  11ème étage d'un immeuble moderne avec vue sur tout Paris. Meublé, salle de bain, baignoire-douche, kitchenette, mini-frigo, lit clic-clac. Chambre lumineuse. 	Studio de 16M² avec Balcon de 3M², vue sur tout Paris et métro aérien Bel-Air au 11ème étage d'un immeuble de standing.  Proximité tous commerces. Métro Bel-Air ou Daumesnil. Salle de bain + baignoire + kitchenette + mini-Frigo + lit clic-clac. Petit studio avec balcon au  11ème étage d'un immeuble moderne avec vue sur tout Paris. Meublé, salle de bain, baignoire-douche, kitchenette, mini-frigo, lit clic-clac. Chambre lumineuse. Studio avec salle de bain et kitchenette. Voisins propriétaire que vous pouvez contacter si besoin. Quartier aéré proche du bois de Vincennes. Avenues bordées de platanes. Tous commerces, près de la place Daumesnil. Métro Daumesnil, Bel-Air, Michel-Bizot et plusieurs lignes de bus 29, 46, 64, tramway T3a.
13283	Le logement est composé des éléments suivants : - Un couloir comprenant une petite penderie - Une salle de bain (douche, lavabo, toilette) avec espace de rangement  Des serviettes sont mises à disposition sur demande - Une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse avec canapé - lit, espace de rangement. Le coin cuisine (équipé) est composé d'un bar à l'américaine, four, plaques, cafetière, théière.	Appartement accueillant, lumineux et propre dans lequel vous apprécierez vous reposer ou préparez votre séjour à Paris.  Au pied du métro 6 (Bel Air) et de la Coulée Verte - à proximité de Daumesnil et de toutes commodités. Le logement est composé des éléments suivants : - Un couloir comprenant une petite penderie - Une salle de bain (douche, lavabo, toilette) avec espace de rangement  Des serviettes sont mises à disposition sur demande - Une grande pièce à vivre lumineuse avec canapé - lit, espace de rangement. Le coin cuisine (équipé) est composé d'un bar à l'américaine, four, plaques, cafetière, théière. Je vous accueille et vous conseille dès votre arrivée et vous informe tout au long de votre séjour sur Paris (selon vos préférences). Pour plus de photos, toutes remarques ou questions, n'hésitez pas à me contacter par mail.
13284		Deux pièces douillet au cœur du 12eme arrondissement. Au deuxième étage, vue sur cours, calme. Plusieurs commerces, restaurants et Metro à proximité. Un endroit central, entre Nation et Bastille idéal pour pour visiter la capitale.
13285		une adresse très cosy à 2 pas de la Place de la Nation et de tous les transports en commun!!! Vous apprécierez le calme de Paris avec vue sur un espace vert.
13286		Bel appartement de 50 m2, trois pièces (deux chambres et un salon) dans un immeuble parisien typique des années 30. Situé au 4ème étage, il est lumineux et très bien décoré! Entre Nation et Bastille, l'appartement est desservi par de nombreuses stations de métro et de bus. Il y a également beaucoup de bars, de restaurants et de commerces dans le quartier. Par les lignes 9, 2, 6, 1 du métro et par la ligne du RER A, Stations Nation, Reuilly-Diderot, Rue des Boulets ou Faidherbe-Chaligny.
13287		Appartement 3 pièces, 55m2, 12ème arrondissement, très joli et typique. Peut loger 4 à 5 personnes et est très bien déservi par le métro, le tram et le bus.  Very nice appartment, 55m2, 2 bedrooms, well equiped and near subway, bus and tramway. 
13288	Sunny Apartment in a calm courtyard.  It is a 24 sqm flat with one separate bedroom. On the forth floor of the building, it will keep you in good shape (no lift, but easy to climb).	"Come to enjoy Paris in a calm,  and renovated flat. A separate bedroom with a small but nice living area. At 5 min from ""Gare de Lyon"" station and ""Bastille"", you will stay in the heart of the new trendy district 11 of Paris :) Sunny Apartment in a calm courtyard.  It is a 24 sqm flat with one separate bedroom. On the forth floor of the building, it will keep you in good shape (no lift, but easy to climb). Gest can have access to everything in the flat. During your stay, I should be in Paris. I will stay available over the phone or by email.  Really close to Subway Line 8 ""Faidherbe Chaligny"", or Line 1 ""Reuilly Diderot and Gare de Lyon"" that will help you get to all the most important parts of Paris really quickly. Lots of good food within 15 min walk !!! Line 8 - Faidherbe Chaligny Line 1 - Reuilly Diderot Line 1 - RER D - Train Station - Gare de Lyon Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. If you decide to rent the appartement, I will be the best host I can, and help you "
13289		Bonjour, je sous loue studio dans le 12ème, pour idéalement plusieurs jours, pour une personne sérieuse. studio 17m2, 1 salle de bain (avec wc à l'intérieur), une kitchenette, internet illimité, résidence sécurisée calme. proche de nation
13290	Appartement agréable, lumineux avec moulure aux plafonds, et plancher. Il donne sur une petite cour intérieure sympatique.  2 chambres (pas de salons), j'ai oublié une des chambres en photo, j'actualise cela très vite! 1 chambre avec un lit 2 personnes et l'autre avec 1 lit 1 personne. **I love this flat because of the nice light during the day, the ceiling moulding, the wood floor...And the inner courtyard. 2 rooms (no living room), one with a single bed and the other with a double bed. (There is a picture of this last room missing on the photos, but I'll put it on line as soon as possible).	I love this flat because of the nice light during the day, the ceiling moulding, the wood floor... Very well located flat, 4 minutes walk from the underground Nation, in a small and quiet street. Windows opening onto a nice courtyard. Appartement agréable, lumineux avec moulure aux plafonds, et plancher. Il donne sur une petite cour intérieure sympatique.  2 chambres (pas de salons), j'ai oublié une des chambres en photo, j'actualise cela très vite! 1 chambre avec un lit 2 personnes et l'autre avec 1 lit 1 personne. **I love this flat because of the nice light during the day, the ceiling moulding, the wood floor...And the inner courtyard. 2 rooms (no living room), one with a single bed and the other with a double bed. (There is a picture of this last room missing on the photos, but I'll put it on line as soon as possible). The whole flat./Tout l'appartement. I'll be reachable if there is any trouble during the journey.  Je reste joignable si besoin. You have every shop you need around 
13291	In a quite and lovely area in Paris, near from all public transportations and cycle stations. There is lot of grocery and gastronomic shops and restaurants around. Beautiful parks and gardens are really near too.	The apartment is in a quite street with all grocery shops and restaurants that you need and it's really near to the center of Paris. Inside, it's small but cosy and practical, perfect for one or two people. In a quite and lovely area in Paris, near from all public transportations and cycle stations. There is lot of grocery and gastronomic shops and restaurants around. Beautiful parks and gardens are really near too. At 2 minutes from the Lign 6 of the subway and bus station, and 10 minutes by walking from Nation Place. Bicycle stations are available too. At 15 minutes by subway to go to the center of Paris. More often, I meet my guests for the check in or the check out. In my apartment you may find a touristic and practical informations for you travel in Paris.
13292	Located on the 7th floor with elevator, this airy apartment offers a large sitting room with a dining table for 4 people. - Sitting room with a comfortable sofa - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, wc. - 2 bedrooms with beds for 2 people	Located on the 7th floor, the apartment is at a short walk from the Bastille and the Marais. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants (especially in rue de Charonne, rue Paul Bert and rue Faidherbe) as well as cafés and bars. Located on the 7th floor with elevator, this airy apartment offers a large sitting room with a dining table for 4 people. - Sitting room with a comfortable sofa - Fully equipped kitchen: cooker, oven, refrigerator with integrated freezer, dishes, pots, cups and glasses. - Bathroom with shower, hair dryer, wc. - 2 bedrooms with beds for 2 people Located on the 7th floor, the apartment is at a short walk from the Bastille and the Marais. The area is vibrant and full of restaurants (especially in rue de Charonne, rue Paul Bert and rue Faidherbe) as well as cafés and bars. The apartment is a perfect base to visit Bastille, the Marais and any other famous Parisian monuments like Notre-Dame de Paris or Le Louvre. MY FAVOURITE SPOTS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD - The Aligre ma
13293	L'appartement est vraiment très mignon avec du parquet au sol. C'est un immeuble ancien avec beaucoup de charme, nous avons vu sur une petite place qui bouge beaucoup mais sans être dérangé par le bruit.	"The appartment  is a cosy place, you have public transports to go wherever you want in Paris (metro line 6 : Eiffel Tower, metro line 8 : Bastille, Opera...) and a green corridor to go to Bastille or Bois de Vincennes by bike or in walking. Everything All shops you need are very close, you are near of ""La Bastille"" and many others nice places. You can take the bus line 29 to go to ""Le Marais"" where you have many museum, nicer to discover Paris than the metro... From Charles-De-Gaulle: line B to Chatelet then, line 1 to Gare de Lyon and then line 8 to Daumesnil From orly: Line C to Bibliothèque François Mitterand then Bus 64 until Daumesnil"
13294		Nice Parisian Loft between Bastille and Nation. Ideally located in Paris (Metro lines 2, 6, 1, 8. The loft is ideal for families opens on a courtyard to enjoy breakfast, lunch, dinner and sunbath.
13295	The flat has been fully renovated in 2014. Everything is new.	Modern, quiet studio in trendy eastern Paris. - TV, internet - Comfortable bed, fridge, microwave oven The flat has been fully renovated in 2014. Everything is new. Internet, kitchen
13296	Situated in the 1st floor of a beautiful building with elevator, this family apartment consists of an entrance, a living room, and two double rooms. The kitchen is separated and fully furnished. This bright, spacious and warm apartment will be very pleasant for your stay in family. The apartment is near the Castle of Vincennes, the Place of the Nation and the Bastille...	Apartment for 4 near to Nation Situated in the 1st floor of a beautiful building with elevator, this family apartment consists of an entrance, a living room, and two double rooms. The kitchen is separated and fully furnished. This bright, spacious and warm apartment will be very pleasant for your stay in family. The apartment is near the Castle of Vincennes, the Place of the Nation and the Bastille... Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Transports à proximité Porte de Vincennes M1 338 m We inform you that we set up a simply contract in order to remind you about the obligations of both parties: names of the tenant and the renter, the price, dates, rules of responsible conduct, the rental period and the address.
13297	A 45 Sq Meters appartement in an haussmanien building, with parquet.  6th floor, with elevator. The apartment is very bright with double exposure (you have sun all day ! :), on street and courtyard and has 2 separated bedrooms. It is very nice because of the balcony, on which you can breakfast in the sun. Both bedrooms are on the side of the courtyard, so it's extremely quiet to sleep ! :) The first bedroom has a double bed and a desk with a stool. The other bedroom has a double bed too The living room has a sofa and one table with 4 chairs. The bathroom has a bathtub, a washing machine and a dryer for clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped, with oven, dishwasher and induction stove. Of course, all kitchenware to cook are available. We put at your disposition towels if you need it.  Linens, pillows, etc are included too. On the terrace you can enjoy the round table and chairs for breakfast or lunch. There is a very nice park down the building, which is an old railway, converted in a pa	A 45 sq.m. apt in an 19th century haussmann building, with parquet, on 6th floor, with elevator. The apt is very bright with double exposure and 2 separated bedrooms, on courtyard + a terrace, on which you can breakfast, read or just sunbathing. A 45 Sq Meters appartement in an haussmanien building, with parquet.  6th floor, with elevator. The apartment is very bright with double exposure (you have sun all day ! :), on street and courtyard and has 2 separated bedrooms. It is very nice because of the balcony, on which you can breakfast in the sun. Both bedrooms are on the side of the courtyard, so it's extremely quiet to sleep ! :) The first bedroom has a double bed and a desk with a stool. The other bedroom has a double bed too The living room has a sofa and one table with 4 chairs. The bathroom has a bathtub, a washing machine and a dryer for clothes. The kitchen is fully equipped, with oven, dishwasher and induction stove. Of course, all kitchenware to cook are available. We put at y
13298	A cute 30 m2 studio on the 5th floor in a modern building. Small balcony with a table and two chairs. Two double beds (one top of the other; mezzanine). Central heating.	Fully equipped, comfortable studio with a sunny balcony, looking out south. Spacious kitchen and bathroom with bath tub/shower, separate toilet. Metro only five walking minutes away. 25 minutes to centre of Paris (Notre Dame/Latin Quarter). A cute 30 m2 studio on the 5th floor in a modern building. Small balcony with a table and two chairs. Two double beds (one top of the other; mezzanine). Central heating. The studio is located in a residential but lively neighbourhood (12th arrondissement), close to all amenities (boulangeries, cheese shop, butcher, street markets, supermarkets) and public transport. Close to the bois de Vincennes in the east of Paris.
13299	Chaleureux, calme Bel accueil	Beau 2 pièces, charme de l'ancien. Au cœur de l'Est de Parisien, á 100 m Place Daumesnil, 2 pas du métro. Proche du bois de Vincennes, Bastille.  Calme sur cour. Séjour, chambre, cuisine bien équipée. Très lumineux, 5 fenêtres sur cour. Parquet, moulures, chauffage collective, frais en été. Ascenseur. Chaleureux, calme Bel accueil Internet-TV-Tel Tres Vert, conviviale  Bien desservie Metro ligne 6 et 8 Bus 29 64 46 Minimum 1 semaine
13300	3 pièces composé d'un salon, d'une chambre (lit double), d'un bureau/chambre d'amis (clic-clac), d'une cuisine, d'une salle de douche et wc séparés. Idéal pour un couple, il peut aussi accueillir une famille (pas plus de 2 enfants) ou 2 couples d'amis souhaitant profiter de Paris pour quelques jours. 	Un 3 pièces tout confort, calme et lumineux dans un bel immeuble parisien, au 6e étage sans ascenseur. Idéal pour un couple avec ou sans enfant. A 2 pas du métro Daumesnil, de la Coulée verte et du bois de Vincennes, proche de toutes commodités. 3 pièces composé d'un salon, d'une chambre (lit double), d'un bureau/chambre d'amis (clic-clac), d'une cuisine, d'une salle de douche et wc séparés. Idéal pour un couple, il peut aussi accueillir une famille (pas plus de 2 enfants) ou 2 couples d'amis souhaitant profiter de Paris pour quelques jours.  L'appartement sera entièrement à vous le temps de votre séjour! Je serais ravie de vous accueillir à votre arrivée et de tout vous expliquer pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible, avant de vous laisser les clefs de mon petit chez moi A deux pas du métro Daumesnil, de la Coulée verte et du bois de Vincennes. Quartier calme mais proche de quartiers réputés pour leur vie nocturne (Bastille, Nation, Gare de Lyon, Châtelet) Pas de parkin
13301	"Sunny and beautiful apartment located on the 1st floor in a building (with elevator). About 100m away from the subway station ""Bel Air"" (line 6 direct to Champs Elysée, Montparnasse ), or Michel Bizot (Line 8) Direct to Bastille, République...  We are 20 minutes  by the subway to join the best sites of Paris as Latin quarter, Bastille, Concorde, Le Marais, Tuileries gardens, the Louvre, Palais Royal, the Sacre-Coeur in Montmartre, the Montparnasse tower, the Trocadero... Entirely renovated and refurnished in October 2011, this comfortable (website hidden)  offers  3 rooms (one with a child bed, one with a bunk bed but coulb be a double bed if it suites better yo you and one with a double bed), wisch is very convenient for multiple visitors or a couple with kids. The apartment has all what you need. We do offer free WIFI and fresh towels and linen. We will let you know some good plans to enjoy your stay! NB: Not reservation under 1week"	"Apartment in a typical residence located in the east side of Paris close to Bois de Vincennes,  Calm Apartment at 3 minutes of the subway (ligne 6) Sunny and beautiful apartment located on the 1st floor in a building (with elevator). About 100m away from the subway station ""Bel Air"" (line 6 direct to Champs Elysée, Montparnasse ), or Michel Bizot (Line 8) Direct to Bastille, République...  We are 20 minutes  by the subway to join the best sites of Paris as Latin quarter, Bastille, Concorde, Le Marais, Tuileries gardens, the Louvre, Palais Royal, the Sacre-Coeur in Montmartre, the Montparnasse tower, the Trocadero... Entirely renovated and refurnished in October 2011, this comfortable (website hidden)  offers  3 rooms (one with a child bed, one with a bunk bed but coulb be a double bed if it suites better yo you and one with a double bed), wisch is very convenient for multiple visitors or a couple with kids. The apartment has all what you need. We do offer free WIFI and fresh towels and"
13302	Full of charm, with exposed beams and modern light wooden floors, the apartment has been renovated in the fall of 2014. It has a double exposure, street  and courtyard. Bright and quiet (double glazed). The bed in the room is a king bed 200x180. In the living room there is an easy-to-use sofa bed. Equipment side: note the presence of a large plasma TV with DVD / Blu -Ray player and 5.1 sound system. Included, subscriptions to Canal +, CanalSat and Bein Sports, via Freebox Revolution. Other: Nespresso machine, electronic piano and acoustic guitar ...	Two charming rooms, 10 minutes from Gare de Lyon, 15 Bastille and 5 Nation Reuilly- Diderot district, nestled in a small passage between Boulevard Diderot and Rue du Faubourg Saint -Antoine , on the edge of 11th and 12th borough... Full of charm, with exposed beams and modern light wooden floors, the apartment has been renovated in the fall of 2014. It has a double exposure, street  and courtyard. Bright and quiet (double glazed). The bed in the room is a king bed 200x180. In the living room there is an easy-to-use sofa bed. Equipment side: note the presence of a large plasma TV with DVD / Blu -Ray player and 5.1 sound system. Included, subscriptions to Canal +, CanalSat and Bein Sports, via Freebox Revolution. Other: Nespresso machine, electronic piano and acoustic guitar ... You have access to all housing. I remain contactable during your stay in case of difficulty. The location is particularly well served : Reuilly- Diderot : 1 and 8 metros , buses 46 and 57 Nation: Metros 1, 2, 6, 
13303	Appartement en étage élevé très lumineux situé dans une rue calme. L’appartement se compose de 2 chambres, la première avec lit 180 x 200 - matelas futon sur tatamis en paille de riz, la seconde avec lit 160 x 200 tout neuf. Cuisine à l’américaine, entièrement équipée, plaques et hotte, lave et sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur et congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain... Vaisselle et tous ustensiles. Plancha et barbecue sur la terrasse.Télévision,  téléphone. Salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Draps et serviettes de bain fournis. On peut prendre ses repas sur la terrasse après les visites de la journée, ou prendre un bain de soleil  ou même faire une petite sieste avant de ressortir faire la fête! 	Charmant 3 pièces 57 m², 6ème étage sans ascenseur. Profitez de sa luminosité et sa toiture terrasse de 57 m², à Nation, Quartier très vert. Proche tous commerces. Bien desservi par les transports. A vous les repas ou bains de soleil en plein Paris! Appartement en étage élevé très lumineux situé dans une rue calme. L’appartement se compose de 2 chambres, la première avec lit 180 x 200 - matelas futon sur tatamis en paille de riz, la seconde avec lit 160 x 200 tout neuf. Cuisine à l’américaine, entièrement équipée, plaques et hotte, lave et sèche-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, réfrigérateur et congélateur, micro-onde, cafetière, grille-pain... Vaisselle et tous ustensiles. Plancha et barbecue sur la terrasse.Télévision,  téléphone. Salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Draps et serviettes de bain fournis. On peut prendre ses repas sur la terrasse après les visites de la journée, ou prendre un bain de soleil  ou même faire une petite sieste avant de ressortir faire la fête!  L'appartem
13304	This property is ideally located, close to the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery (Honoré de Balzac, Vincenzo Bellini, Frederic Chopin, Jim Morrison, Marcel Proust ...)  It is also located between the Place de la Nation and the Republic, and less than 15 minutes from the center of Paris (Beaubourg) in metro	Appartement rénové entièrement équipé avec deux couchages de deux personnes.  A deux pas du célèbre cimetière du Père Lachaise, dans un immeuble 1930 typique, proximité du métro (Easy Acces to Eurodisney) This property is ideally located, close to the famous Père Lachaise Cemetery (Honoré de Balzac, Vincenzo Bellini, Frederic Chopin, Jim Morrison, Marcel Proust ...)  It is also located between the Place de la Nation and the Republic, and less than 15 minutes from the center of Paris (Beaubourg) in metro This apartment is non-smoking Input and output provided by the owner.
13305		"Notre appartement familial est situé dans le 12ème arrondissement de Paris, arrondissement de Bastille, de Bercy et de la gare de Lyon. Au 2ème étage, il  donne sur une voie ferrée désaffectée et profite de sa verdure, de son calme et de ses oiseaux. L'appartement sera inoccupé pendant votre séjour mais la gardienne de l'immeuble ainsi qu'un ami proche sont disponibles en cas de besoin. Le quartier est résidentiel, situé en bordure de capitale, il bénéficie de la proximité du bois de Vincennes (Parc Floral, lacs et prairies, voies cyclabes sans voitures). Les lignes 6 et 1 permettent d'atteindre aisément des zones ""branchées"" de Paris (quais de Seine, Bercy, Bastille). L'immeuble dispose d'une cour privative réservée au stationnement gratuit des véhicules, dans la limite des places disponibles.Le tramway passe au pied de l'immeuble, les lignes 8, 1 et 6 sont à 10 mn à pied."
13306	- Chambre 1 : 1 x lit 200 x 160cm - Chambre 2: 1 x lit 90 x 190 cm + 1 x lit convertible 90 x 190cm  - Chambre 3 :  1 x lit 80 x 200 cm + 80 x 200 cm - Salon : 2 x Sofa 3 places 60 x 180 cm utile (228 x 95cm réel)  - Le metro 6 et 8 sont a 20 mètres  - l'appartement est moderne avec une excellente isolation et les chambres sont au calme coté court - Plusieurs commerces a coté : restaurants, supermarché, boulangerie, pharmacie, medecin - 	"4 Rooms appartement in high standard résidence, 3 seperate bedrooms + 1 big living room. Tje appartment is located 20m from metro station. This metro station line is direct to most of the touristic spots: - Champs Elysée - Bastille - Tour Eiffel - Concorde - Opera - Madeleine - lot of  restaurants and shops less than 100meters - Nice ""green"" walk called : promenade planté /coulée verte (also good for jogging, running, cycling...etc), 50 meters away - Bastille (5min by metro), Vincennes Parc and Castle (10min by metro) - Parisien market every Tuesdays and Fridays between 8h a 14h (100meters away) 2 Metro lines 20meters away : line 6 and Line 8 Bus 64, 46, 29 and N33 (20meters away)"
13307	très au calme , très lumineux dans un quartier très animé	deux pièces très agréable trois fenêtres sur cour arborée à proximité de tous les lieux touristiques parisiens, métro à 1 mn , rue très animée restaurants et boutiques.  Bastille  10 mn à pied ainsi que marché d'Aligre  Parfait pour visiter Paris très au calme , très lumineux dans un quartier très animé de très nombreux cafés, restos, bistrots boutiques typiquement parisiens et d'un marché génial; le marché d'Aligre; brunch, balade, bois de Vincennes en accès facile devant la porte par bus et deux arrêts de métro tout proches, faidherbe chaligny et reuilly diderot; le vrai Paris authentique je suis dispo et pas loin.... et j'adore Paris je peux vous donner, des adresses des conseils... l'animation, l'ambiance vieux quartier de Paris avec ses immeubles de faubourgs (rue du faubourg Saint Antoine), les très nombreuses boutiques et la proximité de la place de la Bastille et de tous les grands lieux touristiques parisisien de très nombreuses options de transports métro et bus Charme de la 
13308	Appartement exceptionnellement calme, charmant, clair, tout confort, frais l'été (double vitrage). Petite cuisine équipée de plaques vitrocéramique, d'un lave-vaisselle, d'un frigo. Salon  cosy (canapé en velours rouge, fauteuils crapauds, table basse). Salle de bain avec  baignoire et machine à laver. Grand lit en 160 dans une chambre dépouillée. Code et interphone.  Les fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour arborée et fleurie.	Charmant 2 pièces (50m2) agréablement agencé,  cosy, calme et clair, donnant sur un jardinet arboré.  Proche tous commerces, notamment du marché d'Aligre.  A 10 mn du centre de Paris en métro. Ligne 1, station Reuilly-Diderot. Idéal pour couple. Appartement exceptionnellement calme, charmant, clair, tout confort, frais l'été (double vitrage). Petite cuisine équipée de plaques vitrocéramique, d'un lave-vaisselle, d'un frigo. Salon  cosy (canapé en velours rouge, fauteuils crapauds, table basse). Salle de bain avec  baignoire et machine à laver. Grand lit en 160 dans une chambre dépouillée. Code et interphone.  Les fenêtres donnent sur une jolie cour arborée et fleurie. Possibilité de Wifi et téléphone fixe. Echange par email ou téléphone. Si je ne suis pas là pour vous accueillir, une personne de confiance me représentera. Proche  tous commerces, notamment du célèbre et très animé marché d'Aligre. A 10 mn en métro du centre de Paris (Bastille, Le Marais,  Châtelet) et du Bois de Vincenn
13309	Our apartment is ideal for a family. The parents can sleep in the bedroom and the children can sleep on the convertible couch in the living room. Fully equipped, it is the ideal place to rest after the sightseeing days in Paris. My personal recommendation: a long, relaxing bath.	"This 45 m² fully equipped apartment is located in very calm, typical Parisian neighborhood with all sorts of local businesses. 15 minutes away from the center of Paris (by subway) and near ""Bois de Vincennes"", one of the biggest green areas of Paris. Our apartment is ideal for a family. The parents can sleep in the bedroom and the children can sleep on the convertible couch in the living room. Fully equipped, it is the ideal place to rest after the sightseeing days in Paris. My personal recommendation: a long, relaxing bath. The whole apartment will be available to the guests. The fully equipped kitchen (4 hobs + 1 oven, refrigerator, mixer, Nespresso coffee machine) will enable them to cook easily. Doing laundry will be also very easy with the washing + drying machine. We will communicate mainly by email. A friend of us will provide the keys to the guests, and perform the entry and exit inventories. A calm, family neighborhood, near the center of Paris, but also at walking distance of"
13310	Very convenient and cosy flat. You'll have a magnificent vew of the roofs of Paris.  At the uppest floor, the appartment is very calm. The area is secure, well desserved by common transportations. Food shops, pahrmacy, hospital, restaurants, bars, the great park of Vincennes at less than 10 minutes by foot.	This flat has 2 bedrooms and a dining room. It is as cosy, than convenient. You can come as couple with children or friends since it will welcome 5 persons. Every convenient stores, pharmacy, doctors, restaurants and bars at 5 to 10 minutes by foot. Very convenient and cosy flat. You'll have a magnificent vew of the roofs of Paris.  At the uppest floor, the appartment is very calm. The area is secure, well desserved by common transportations. Food shops, pahrmacy, hospital, restaurants, bars, the great park of Vincennes at less than 10 minutes by foot. You'll have access to the TV, wi-fi connection, cleaning machine, washing machine, micro-wave oven, regular oven, coffee machine. I will be in Paris in July so can help for anything but not in August, since I also go on holidays! The neighborhood is quite calm but offers a great deal of restaurants and bars. You can also wander at the Bois de Vincennes which is at 10 minutes by foot. Thanks to the metro or the bus, you can reach great ar
13311	The high ceiling studio is entirely renovated with a total surface area of 23m2 (255 ft2). The access by a private garden makes you feel like living in a small house in the heart of Paris! You can take your coffee in the sun all afternoon or have a dinner at sunset on the terrace facing South-West. The spacious entrance also includes the kitchen, separate from the light-filled living room. The bathroom is compact but new and functional with a pretty big shower. The room includes a mezzanine bed (height of 1,75m underneath), and design and custom-made convertible furniture (in particular the coffee table convertible into a dining table).	The high ceiling studio is entirely renovated with a total surface area of 23m2 (255 ft2). The access by a private garden makes you feel like living in a small house in the heart of Paris! You can take your coffee in the sun all afternoon or have a dinner at sunset on the terrace facing South-West. The spacious entrance also includes the kitchen, separate from the light-filled living room. The bathroom is compact but new and functional with a pretty big shower. The room includes a mezzanine bed (height of 1,75m underneath), and design and custom-made convertible furniture (in particular the coffee table convertible into a dining table). All the apartment and garden! Feel free to contact me to get further information! The studio apartment is located in the 12th arrondissement in a cobbled and green cul-de-sac with a direct view onto the old railway line of Paris. All facilities are very close to it, especially shops and cheap & friendly bars/restaurants. Also 5 minutes walk to the Vince
13312		Studio 22M2 au calme en rez de jardin dans un bel  hôtel particulier . Charme de l'ancien mais avec tous les équipements modernes.  proche Métro L 1 et 6  + tramway T3 Entre Nation  et le Bois de Vincennes A la fois pratique et au calme
13313	Double living room of 25m2, bath, window in every room, quiet, elevator, refined décor, double glazing. 	Superb 2/3 parts.  Shopping area, very quiet and bright apartment.  2 steps from the Place de la Nation (subway 1, 2, 6, 9, RER.A)  Bedroom with double bed, double living room with sofa quality fitted kitchen, separate wc. Double living room of 25m2, bath, window in every room, quiet, elevator, refined décor, double glazing. Wifi, TV, DVD, heating included. We would be happy to advise our community (places to see, restaurants ...) but, of course, we will not be in the apartment during their stay. The neighborhood is very nice, shopping, close to the subway 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A (thanks to this, the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame de Paris, the Sacred Heart, wood and Vincennes Zoo, ... Eurodisney are direct without change)!  Everything is nearby: restaurants, bars, garden with children's playground, cafes, shopping, bakeries, butchers, cheese, small supermarkets, beautiful market on Wednesday and Saturday ...  Parking on the street or adjacent streets. Métro, bus, RER. Shutters
13314	L’appartement est un beau 2 pièces spacieux, situé près du bois de Vincennes, à 3 minutes du métro Porte Dorée.  Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très clair, traversant, et donne sur cour (chambre) et sur la « petite ceinture » (une ancienne voie ferrée en voie de transformation en promenade) côté salon.  L’appartement a été refait à neuf en 2013, et il est idéal pour 3 personnes : 1 lit de 160 dans la chambre et un canapé-lit de 120 très confortable et très pratique dans le salon. La cuisine est séparée du salon par une cloison en verre, et vous trouverez absolument tous les ustensiles et les appareils ménagers dont vous aurez besoin pour cuisiner : vaisselle, four, plaques inductions, réfrigérateur, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge (pas de micro-onde).  La salle de bain et les toilettes sont séparés. Les serviettes et les draps (et le sèche-cheveux) sont fournis.  L’appartement est équipé en wifi et d’un ordinateur à votre disposition. L’ordinateur peut également servir 	L’appartement est un beau 2 pièces spacieux, situé près du bois de Vincennes, à 3 minutes du métro Porte Dorée.  Au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, il est très clair, traversant, et donne sur cour (chambre) et sur la « petite ceinture » (une ancienne voie ferrée en voie de transformation en promenade) côté salon.  L’appartement a été refait à neuf en 2013, et il est idéal pour 3 personnes : 1 lit de 160 dans la chambre et un canapé-lit de 120 très confortable et très pratique dans le salon. La cuisine est séparée du salon par une cloison en verre, et vous trouverez absolument tous les ustensiles et les appareils ménagers dont vous aurez besoin pour cuisiner : vaisselle, four, plaques inductions, réfrigérateur, grille-pain, lave-vaisselle et lave-linge (pas de micro-onde).  La salle de bain et les toilettes sont séparés. Les serviettes et les draps (et le sèche-cheveux) sont fournis.  L’appartement est équipé en wifi et d’un ordinateur à votre disposition. L’ordinateur peut également servir 
13315	Il est très bien situé, lumineux à proximité du métro nation, très central pour visiter Paris à 10mn de chatelet et 25 mn de Saint germain des prés et des champs élysées. Très fonctionnel, avec machine à laver le linge, la vaisselle, four à micro onde et traditionnel, machine à expresso...	En plein coeur du 12ème arrondissement à Nation, rue commerçante. A 10mn de bastille. Appartement de 92 m2, avec 2 chambres et pièce principal très lumineuse de 30m2. Peu accueillir jusqu'à 6 personnes, 7 si enfant sur un matelas Très bien équipée. Il est très bien situé, lumineux à proximité du métro nation, très central pour visiter Paris à 10mn de chatelet et 25 mn de Saint germain des prés et des champs élysées. Très fonctionnel, avec machine à laver le linge, la vaisselle, four à micro onde et traditionnel, machine à expresso... De nombreux commerces, des parcs pour les enfants, des restaurants, des bars... J'aime recevoir les gens afin qu'ils se sentent comme chez eux. L'animation, le côté familiale et très commerçant. Et la situation très pratique afin de se déplacer dans Paris, aussi bien en bus qu'en métro ou en taxi. Il est à 3 mn à pied du métro nation et 5mn du métro  picpus. Il y a 1 lit double qui peut être transformé en 2 lits simples. 2 lits simples dans 2 chambres sépa
13316	Discover Paris from the East side neighborhoods with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the center of Paris with its 3 metro stations close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian. On the 8th floor with elevator overlooking the roof of the whole neighborhoods, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The high quality sofa will provide you a great comfort for your rest at the end of the day. The bedroom : It offers a large bed (160x200) a working space, a close dressing and a large wardrobe to store all your belongings or your new shopping gifts! The Bath	Discover Paris from the East side neighborhoods with this newly refurbished 2 rooms apartment. You will be close to the center of Paris with its 3 metro stations close by, few bus lines as well to make you feel like a real Parisian. On the 8th floor with elevator overlooking the roof of the whole neighborhoods, you will enjoy the light all day long in all rooms. Lounge/Kitchen : When entering you will enjoy the main room offering a lounge space and the open kitchen that provides all the necessary comfort to make your homemade french meals. All the electronic necessary appliances are available, induction cooktops, microwave-oven, dishwasher, fridge with freezer, toaster, boiler, coffee machine. All is there to make you feel at home. The high quality sofa will provide you a great comfort for your rest at the end of the day. The bedroom : It offers a large bed (160x200) a working space, a close dressing and a large wardrobe to store all your belongings or your new shopping gifts! The Bath
13317		Situé au 12 ème arrondissement de Paris à quelque pas de Bastille et des bois de Vincennes,  ce charmant 2 pièces de 60 m2 est idéale pour une famille. La capacité d'accueil est de 6 personnes avec 2 lits doubles et un canapé lit.
13318		Un studio comme on aime ! Lumineux et sans vis-à-vis, extrêmement bien situé, à quelques pas du métro Reuilly diderot (ligne 1 et 8). Possibilité de cuisiner au gaz, salle de bain équipée et voisins très sympathique ! Silencieux et paisible ! A 1 minute à pied du Métro Reuilly Diderot (lignes 1 & 8) A 8 minutes à pied du Métro Nation (Lignes 1, 2, 6, 9 & RER A) A 10 minutes à pied de la GARE DE LYON (Lignes 1, 14, Trains..)
13319	"Hello i'm Sébastien 29yo, i'm renting an apartement (30m2) in a quiet street of the 12th district of Paris, situated close by Bastille, Opera and Champs-Elysées (5 to 15 minutes). The closest Metro station is ""Nation"", lines 1, 2, 6 and 9and RER A. Just down the building in the street you will benefit from all the conveniences : - Supermarket - Fruit-market - Bakery - Pharmacy - Asian restaurants - Bar, Café - Pizzeria - Shops - Taxi - Parking secure The apartment is situated on the 2nd with 2 elevators. The fully equipped kitchen includes : - Refrigerator - Cooker (vitrocéramique)  - Microwave  - Nespresso machine - Toaster - Dishwasher  - Kettle The apartment is composed of a flat screen television, leather sofa, washing machine, iron, flies for clothes, hairdryer, bathtub and HIGH SPEED INTERNET. Sheets and towels are supplied. I hope to see you soon ! Sébastien"	"Hello, I'm renting a brand new apartment (30m2) in a quiet and lively street of the 12th district of Paris. Very well situated, close to ""Nation""metro station 3 minutes walk, direct line to Opera and Champs-Elysées in 15 minutes. Hello i'm Sébastien 29yo, i'm renting an apartement (30m2) in a quiet street of the 12th district of Paris, situated close by Bastille, Opera and Champs-Elysées (5 to 15 minutes). The closest Metro station is ""Nation"", lines 1, 2, 6 and 9and RER A. Just down the building in the street you will benefit from all the conveniences : - Supermarket - Fruit-market - Bakery - Pharmacy - Asian restaurants - Bar, Café - Pizzeria - Shops - Taxi - Parking secure The apartment is situated on the 2nd with 2 elevators. The fully equipped kitchen includes : - Refrigerator - Cooker (vitrocéramique)  - Microwave  - Nespresso machine - Toaster - Dishwasher  - Kettle The apartment is composed of a flat screen television, leather sofa, washing machine, iron, flies for clothes, hai"
13320	Nice 2p design apartment, decorated with charm to make it confortable! All equiped to have a wonderful stay : shower, washing machine, microwave oven, oven, plates, closet, table to eat in the living room, table for lunch in the kitchen, and also a balcony with 2 chairs and 1 table to enjoy the nice weather! A double bed is in the room and also a convertible if you need in the living room. Sheets and towels will be there for you. The wifi will be also free.	Nice apartment, 2p, 41 m2 , with balcony, all equiped, calm district and well located (close to the center), stores and transport just at 2 min. Very good to have a wonderful stay and to feel like at home! Nice 2p design apartment, decorated with charm to make it confortable! All equiped to have a wonderful stay : shower, washing machine, microwave oven, oven, plates, closet, table to eat in the living room, table for lunch in the kitchen, and also a balcony with 2 chairs and 1 table to enjoy the nice weather! A double bed is in the room and also a convertible if you need in the living room. Sheets and towels will be there for you. The wifi will be also free. The 12 district is very easy to access with many transports to go to the center very easily and quickly. You will find many metro lignes just at 2 minutes : ligne 6 and 8 at Daumesnil, and lignes 1, 2, 6, 9, RER A at Nation. You will be at the center of Paris in less than 15 minutes! I am here to answer to your questions whenever 
13321	Deux-pièces accueillant, lumineux au 7ème et dernier étage avec vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Notre appartement est très fonctionnel avec cuisine entièrement équipée (grille pain, bouilloire, cafetière, blinder...), salle de bain avec baignoire sur pied (serviettes de toilette, sèche cheveux, machine à laver) et ventilateur pour les journées les plus chaudes. 	Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dans notre appartement douillet... Belle  vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Vous serez à deux pas du coeur de Paris, logés dans un quartier paisible ! Deux-pièces accueillant, lumineux au 7ème et dernier étage avec vue dégagée sur les toits parisiens. Notre appartement est très fonctionnel avec cuisine entièrement équipée (grille pain, bouilloire, cafetière, blinder...), salle de bain avec baignoire sur pied (serviettes de toilette, sèche cheveux, machine à laver) et ventilateur pour les journées les plus chaudes. Tout l'appartement est à votre disposition ; nous vous réservons un espace dans le dressing pour organiser vos affaires. Toutefois, le reste du dressing n'est pas fermé et nous y laisserons toutes nos affaires, merci de respecter notre intimité. L'appartement est situé rue de Picpus dans le 12ème arrondissement, proche de tous les commerces. Le quartier est calme, très agréable avec de nombreux marchés alentours tous les jours de la semai
13322	Typical Parisian apartment in the 12th arrondissement, near several metro and tram and close to the large Bois de Vincennes. The apartment of 55m2, light is composed of a large living room, a fully equipped kitchen, an entrance hall, separate toilet and two bedrooms. The sofa is convertible. You will find all the facilities for a young child. Neighborhood: Metro lines 1, 6 and 8 and the new tram. The area is also very pleasant to walk or bike through the woods and lined promenade which leads you to Bastille. The street is quiet, the apartment features double glazing for comfort. We are located in the 12th arrondissement between Place Daumesnil and the Golden Gate 100m a Franprix, the Place de la Nation is 10min walk, bakery, and other Monoprix shops. We are 30 minutes from Roissy and Orly 20. Gare de Lyon is 5min, 15min to the Montparnasse metro. A subway (Michel Bizot line 8) is located 300m from the apartment. We are just minutes from the wood and park of Vincennes (Lake Daumesnil) i	Typical Parisian apartment in the 12th arrondissement, near several metro and tram and close to the large Bois de Vincennes. The apartment of 55m2, light is composed of a large living room, a fully equipped kitchen, an entrance hall, separate toilet and two bedrooms. The sofa is convertible. You will find all the facilities for a young child. Neighborhood: Metro lines 1, 6 and 8 and the new tram. The area is also very pleasant to walk or bike through the woods and lined promenade which leads you to Bastille. The street is quiet, the apartment features double glazing for comfort. We are located in the 12th arrondissement between Place Daumesnil and the Golden Gate 100m a Franprix, the Place de la Nation is 10min walk, bakery, and other Monoprix shops. We are 30 minutes from Roissy and Orly 20. Gare de Lyon is 5min, 15min to the Montparnasse metro. A subway (Michel Bizot line 8) is located 300m from the apartment. We are just minutes from the wood and park of Vincennes (Lake Daumesnil) i
13323		Une chambre à coucher, un salon avec cheminée, une sale de bain avec baignoire et un cuisine équipée tous ça au coeur de Paris à côté de place de la nation. Le quartier est calme vous y trouverez tous ce qu'il faut 
13324	Quartier calme avec tous les commerces à proximité (épiceries fines, boucheries, charcuteries, fruitiers, fromagers, poissonnerie, boulangeries,traiteurs...et supermarchés). A 15min  de gare de Lyon, 20min du centre ville, Nation à 10min à pieds. Bois de Vincennes à 15min à pieds. Idéal pour trouver l'équilibre entre la vie urbaine de Paris et le calme. 1 grand lit dans la chambre et 1 canapé convertible 1 place dans le salon.	34m2 type Haussmannien : parquet, cheminées, moulures. Calme, au rez-de-chaussé, le salon donne sur cour intérieure et la chambre sur rue (double vitrage). Cuisine équipée et petite salle de bain. A proximité de tous commerces et métro ligne 1 et 6. Quartier calme avec tous les commerces à proximité (épiceries fines, boucheries, charcuteries, fruitiers, fromagers, poissonnerie, boulangeries,traiteurs...et supermarchés). A 15min  de gare de Lyon, 20min du centre ville, Nation à 10min à pieds. Bois de Vincennes à 15min à pieds. Idéal pour trouver l'équilibre entre la vie urbaine de Paris et le calme. 1 grand lit dans la chambre et 1 canapé convertible 1 place dans le salon. Appartement entier Pour l'échange des clefs Quartier calme proche de toutes commodités, centre ville et bois de Vincennes Metro ligne 1 et 6 et tramway ligne 3b à 5min à pieds
13325	Les belles vues avec ascenceurs à Paris sont difficiles a trouver et là , vous avez une jolie petite terrasse en plus !  L'appartement est refait à neuf, zen calme et lumineux. Vous pourrez venir jusqu'à 2 personnes	In the center of Paris, beautiful view on the Sacré Coeur, you will be near the Marais, le Printemps (big shop center), cinema, sport center... And most important, you 'll be near from good quality food shops & restaurants. 
13326	Bright apartment of 33 m2, in the third floor (without elevator), in a building Hausmanien. The apartment is situated a district livened up with a room which looks onto a very quiet court. District in the heart of Paris. Nice wood floor, the flat includes a lounge , a big bedroom, a separated american kitchen and bathroom with bathtub and separated toilets  I welcome you in my lounge, where there is:   - 1 sofa  - 1 dining table ( 4 persons)  - 1 coffee table   - 1 internet connection (WiFi)  - 1 bookcase with books in French and in English - 1 hi-fi stereo for music   The bedroom is spacious, quiet and Zen:  - walked ornamental   - 1 bed for 2 persons  - 1 wearing for clothes  - 1 vast drawer  In the American kitchen, which looks onto a corridor, where there is:  - oven  - 4 induction cookers  - washing machine  - kitchenware  - radio  TOILETS separated  The bathroom with a window:  - Bathtub  - washbasin  - 1 shelf at arrangement For transport :   - 100 of the subway nation (line 1 -	Bright apartment of 33 m2, in the third floor (without elevator), in a building Hausmanien. The apartment is situated a district livened up with a room which looks onto a very quiet court. District in the heart of Paris. Nice wood floor, the flat includes a lounge , a big bedroom, a separated american kitchen and bathroom with bathtub and separated toilets  I welcome you in my lounge, where there is:   - 1 sofa  - 1 dining table ( 4 persons)  - 1 coffee table   - 1 internet connection (WiFi)  - 1 bookcase with books in French and in English - 1 hi-fi stereo for music   The bedroom is spacious, quiet and Zen:  - walked ornamental   - 1 bed for 2 persons  - 1 wearing for clothes  - 1 vast drawer  In the American kitchen, which looks onto a corridor, where there is:  - oven  - 4 induction cookers  - washing machine  - kitchenware  - radio  TOILETS separated  The bathroom with a window:  - Bathtub  - washbasin  - 1 shelf at arrangement For transport :   - 100 of the subway nation (line 1 -
13327	Charming 32 m2, located in 243, street of Fbg Saint-Antoine, on the 2nd floor, very equipped, oven, washes linen, wifi, TV flat Parisian style Offices of Public Prosecutor, mouldings, chimney. In a quarter extremely enlivened with numerous restaurants and brasserie renowned: the Barrio Latino, Pure coffee, the brasserie Paul Bert but also from concert halls, the Reservoir, the coffee of Dance, the Stuff. In 5 minutes of market of Aligre and in 15 minutes on foot of the place des Vosges.  Located next to the subway Faidherbe Chaligny line 8 (Big Boulevards, Opera, Concorde, Disabled persons, Eiffel Tower), line 1 - 5 minutes, (station Diderot), drunk 86 (Saints-Germen), Vélib ' and taxi on the place. Of more the flat is close to any facilities, supermarket, chemist's shop, bank …  A concierge is present in the residence  ideal flat to discover Paris! 	Charming 32 m2, located in 243, street of Fbg Saint-Antoine, on the 2nd floor, very equipped, oven, washes linen, wifi, TV flat Parisian style Offices of Public Prosecutor, mouldings, chimney. In a quarter extremely enlivened with numerous restaurants and brasserie renowned: the Barrio Latino, Pure coffee, the brasserie Paul Bert but also from concert halls, the Reservoir, the coffee of Dance, the Stuff. In 5 minutes of market of Aligre and in 15 minutes on foot of the place des Vosges.  Located next to the subway Faidherbe Chaligny line 8 (Big Boulevards, Opera, Concorde, Disabled persons, Eiffel Tower), line 1 - 5 minutes, (station Diderot), drunk 86 (Saints-Germen), Vélib ' and taxi on the place. Of more the flat is close to any facilities, supermarket, chemist's shop, bank …  A concierge is present in the residence  ideal flat to discover Paris! 
13328		Appartement de 50 m2 proche de Nation Paris 11ème, Cour intérieure.   Situation idéale , 2min métro ligne 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A 10 min de Châtelet  20 de Notre Dame internet, machine à laver et tranquillité assurée. Acces à la pièce principale, les 2 chambres, cuisine et salle de bain. Mais vous n'avez pas accès aux combles sous les toits Si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit n'hésitez pas à nous solliciter! Proche métro ligne 1, 2, 6, et 9 et RER A Vous pouvez disposer de la télé mais uniquement pour des DVD, nous n'avons pas d'antenne.
13329		Pour vous vacances je loue un appartement tout confort avec grand balcon vue sur jardin privé proche de tout Commerce, métro, SNCF, ligne de métro direct champs-Élysées est la tour Eiffel.
13330		Studio located downtown, in St. Antoine district, close to the famous market Aligre, and near Le marais and Gare de Lyon.  The closest metro station is Nation where there is lot of metro line
13331		The flat is little but lovely, really close to Paris center, next to the subway Nation and Faidherbe-Chaligny.  The large door-window gives many light in the flat.  That's a nice place to live, so i suppose it's also a nice place to spend holidays :)  On the fourth floor so you can easily see the sky !  Many stores and restaurant near to the flat.
13332	Located in a pleasant area of Paris between the lively Bastille and the beautiful Vincennes park that you can both reach with a charming pedestrian way (former railway of Paris) or with the subway.	"Charming flat of 37 m² with a pleasant living room and one bedroom (parquet and molding). The flat is located in a typical parisian building in     a quiet impasse. It's very close to a metro station (Metro Montgallet) Located in a pleasant area of Paris between the lively Bastille and the beautiful Vincennes park that you can both reach with a charming pedestrian way (former railway of Paris) or with the subway. I can give you some advices of what you can do in the neighborhood (nice restaurant, and nice bar). The flat is easy to reach, the Mongallet station (metro 8) is very close. With this line you can go easily to the ""big stores"" : Galeries Lafayette, Printemps.   If it's easier you can reach it by the big metro station called Nation (metro 1, 2, 6, 9 and RER A), this station is less than 10 minutes by walk. RER A (easy access to Disneyland !) If you arrive at Charles de Gaulle Airport, you can take the RER B then the RER A, and you stop at ""Nation"" (about 50 minutes).  If you ne"
13333		Appartment of 50m² with a big living room, with a bedroom corner, a big kitchen and a close bedroom. We have two double beds and a sofa bed (2 persons). We can welcome six people with every comfort expected !
13334	Appartement calme (chambre sur cour), lumineux et fonctionnel	Charmant appartement avec chambre séparée. Fonctionnel et calme. Proche de Nation et Bastille et du marché d'Aligre. Commerces, bars et restaurants sont à deux pas. Vous êtes ici chez vous (matériel de cuisine, wifi, vinyles, livres, etc..).  Appartement calme (chambre sur cour), lumineux et fonctionnel Un PC est mis à disposition des voyageurs, WiFi, cuisine équipée d'un four, grille pain, bouilloire, condiments, matériel Hifi (vinyles, cd) avec respect des voisins.. Nous aimons pouvoir échanger avec nos hôtes autour d'un verre ou d'un diner si notre emploi du temps le permet Multiples commerces à proximité, proche du marché d'Aligre des quartiers Faidherbes, Charonne, Bastille. La promenade plantée à proximité permet de rejoindre le parc de Vincennes en empruntant seulement des espaces verts. Proche de la gare de lyon Quartier très bien desservit par la ligne 1 et 8 pour la station Reuilly-Diderot à 2min à pied. Les lignes 1,2,9 et 6 ainsi que le RER A pour la station Nation (5min à 
13335	"Room for rent in an apartment (67m2) 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen, 1 entrance and 1 toilet. Location: Paris 12th 3rd floor with elevator Quiet building with a courtyard Nice cozy room with 2 NEW SINGLE BEDS or 1 double Bed  - Linen and towels provided Access to kitchen with all appliances: - Coffee maker - Toaster - Fridge and freezer - Stove and oven - Microwave -Washing machine -Dryer Shower, separate toilet. - Shower - Hairdryer The living room remains private. The 12th district is very popular, near the Bois de Vincennes, with green spaces (17 hectares) and lakes. Ideal places for relaxation, jogging and even the possibility of  boating (high season). Direct access to central Paris in 20 minutes with the metro line 1 Nearby: - Streetcar (tram New T3a - station ""Montempoivre"") - 3 metro (Line 1 ""Porte de Vincennes"" Line 6 ""bel air"", line 8 ""Michel Bizot"") - Bus - Outdoor pool - 2 gardens - Stadium - Tennis Direct access to Disneyland Paris from ""Nation"" by RER in 40 minutes. Ne"	Spacious room in large apartment 67sqmeters with double bed or two single beds in the neighborhood Bel Air / Michel Bizot . Located on a courtyard , the room is quiet and cool ! Many transports with métro lines 6 and 8 , tram and several buses . Room for rent in an apartment (67m2) 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchen, 1 entrance and 1 toilet. Location: Paris 12th 3rd floor with elevator Quiet building with a courtyard Nice cozy room with 2 NEW SINGLE BEDS or 1 double Bed  - Linen and towels provided Access to kitchen with all appliances: - Coffee maker - Toaster - Fridge and freezer - Stove and oven - Microwave -Washing machine -Dryer Shower, separate toilet. - Shower - Hairdryer The living room remains private. The 12th district is very popular, near the Bois de Vincennes, with green spaces (17 hectares) and lakes. Ideal places for relaxation, jogging and even the possibility of  boating (high season). Direct access to central Paris in 20 minutes with the metro line 1 Nearby: - Streetca
13336	I rent this large room of 15m² with his queen size bed in a bright apartment with fully equiped kitchen (with washing machine) and bathroom. Charm of the Parisian buildings provided with parquet floor, molding and fireplaces.	Je loue cette grande chambre de 15m² avec son lit queen size dans un appartement lumineux de deux pièces avec cuisine équipée (avec machine à laver) et salle de bain. Charme des immeubles parisiens assuré avec parquet au sol, moulure et cheminées. I rent this large room of 15m² with his queen size bed in a bright apartment with fully equiped kitchen (with washing machine) and bathroom. Charm of the Parisian buildings provided with parquet floor, molding and fireplaces. Vous aurez accès à la TV, au Wifi, à une cuisine totalement équipée (plaques, four, micro-ondes, lave-linge) et au salon quand je ne suis pas là (toute la journée) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ You will have access to TV, Wifi, a fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, washing machine) and living room when I'm not there (all day) Je serai ravie d'échanger avec vous mes bons plans et conseils sur la vie parisienne ----------------------------------------------------
13337	This is a room in a typical calm parisian district. This is the perfect offer if you want to meet a french family or if you come in a business trip and need a calm room. There is a lot of store space in the room for your luggage and belongings. The flat is located in a pedestrian street.	"Nice double bed room in the heart of the 12th district in a flat with a nice french family. Nice walk and park in the surroundings and easy access to public transport. This is a room in a typical calm parisian district. This is the perfect offer if you want to meet a french family or if you come in a business trip and need a calm room. There is a lot of store space in the room for your luggage and belongings. The flat is located in a pedestrian street. - Wifi - Washing machine and drying machine - Kitchen - Balcony We speak french, english and spanish. We are available to give advice on your trip in Paris. We are living in the flat and will be here during your stay. The neighbourhood is calm. The ""Coulée verte"" offers a nice walk from the flat to the ""place de la Bastille"". The Vincennes wood is really near and accessible by walking. The flat is located between ligne 6: Bel air and Ligne 8 :Michel Bizot station. Tramway is also really near and many buses. The ligne RER B to go to the a"
13338	Grande chambre confortable de 20m2 dans luxueux appartement refait à neuf, immeuble Haussmanien à Daumesnil - Paris 12ème. Literie Tréca Impérial Pullman Queen size neuve, cuisine entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge et sèche-linge, fibre + Wi-fi, téléphone gratuit sur presque tous les pays, télévision full HD. Le ménage est fait 2 fois par semaine par une professionnelle.	Grande chambre 20m2 confortable dans magnifique appartement tout équipé, spacieux, refait à neuf, immeuble Haussmanien avec ascenseur, Paris 12ème Daumesnil, literie Tréca, tous les transports à moins de 100 mètres (métro, bus, taxis, vélib, autolib), tous commerces (dont supérette 7/7 jusqu'à minuit au pied de l'immeuble !), nombreux cafés & restaurants. Grande chambre confortable de 20m2 dans luxueux appartement refait à neuf, immeuble Haussmanien à Daumesnil - Paris 12ème. Literie Tréca Impérial Pullman Queen size neuve, cuisine entièrement équipée, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge et sèche-linge, fibre + Wi-fi, téléphone gratuit sur presque tous les pays, télévision full HD. Le ménage est fait 2 fois par semaine par une professionnelle. Votre grande chambre privée de 20m2. L'ensemble de l'appartement est partagé : corridor, cuisine, salle de bain et wc, salon-salle à manger et dressing. Seule une chambre reste privée. J'aurais le plaisir de vous faire découvrir mon quartier adoré et arbo
13339	Typical Parisian building with an internal courtyard and beautiful ancient stairwells (parquet).  Very nice parisian roofs view. 	2 quiet and sunny rooms (34 m2), near subway, tramway and bus stations to the city center. 1 living room with a kitchen, 1 bedroom,  1 bathroom with a bath. Typical Parisian building with an internal courtyard and beautiful ancient stairwells (parquet).  Very nice parisian roofs view.  Travellers have access to 34 m2: a dining room with a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom with a bath. In the kitchen, there are a fridge, an oven, a micro-wave oven, a cook, a coffee machine, a kettle, cookware and tableware. Travellers could listen to the radio and have an Internet access (wireless). Sheets and towels could be provided. The rented two rooms are part of our home, but have a separate entry. During your stay, we will be in our apartment and able to answer your questions, but our rooms are separate and independent. Excellent location:  - very close (2 min on foot) to the shops (open every day) and to the market (on thursdays and sundays),  - nearby green areas (less than 10 min on foot) like
13340	Studio (28m²) au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine équipée avec tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner (four micro-ondes, plaque induction, frigo). Draps et serviettes fournis	Studio (28m²) au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Cuisine équipée avec tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner (four micro-ondes, plaque induction, frigo). Draps et serviettes fournis le studio en entier Les places de la Nation et Daumesnil à proximité, beaucoup de commerces (boulangerie, franprix...) et de restaurants. Bercy-village  A 8 mn à pied du métro ligne 6 (station Picpus) et 8 mn de la ligne 1 (Porte de Vincennes) ou soi T3 (alexandra David Néel) un arrête de Porte de Vincennes. MacDonald ouvert 24/24 a Porte de Vincennes Direct par le T3: porte de vincennes, Parc Expositions Porte de Versailles Ligne 1: Porte de vincennes, Nation, Gare de Lyon, Bastille, Marais, Châtelet, Louvre, Concorde et Champs Élysées  Ligne 6 : Nation, Le village de Bercy, Montparnasse, la Tour Eiffel, Étoile Roissy CDG : bus 351 jusqu'à Porte de Vincennes  Orly : Orly bus jusqu'à Denfert Rochereau puis métro N° 6 direction Nation Arrêt : Bel Air puis 3 mn à pied  Velib et Autolib à proximité
13341	Terrasse	Deux pièces au mobilier design Bertoia Eames  A 2 minutes du métro Picpus Paris 12ème Café Gudule, restaurants et commerces rue du Rendez Vous à deux pas Terrasse de 25m2 rosiers oliviers cèdres du Liban ! Terrasse Non Metro Picpus ou Bel Air 10 minutes à pieds de Nation
13342	Hello ! My name is Marianne, I am an English teacher and I rent my studio (30 square meters) in the 12th district of Paris for short periods of time in the school year and during the school holidays.  I live on the 12th floor of a nice building with a little garden in the front. The building has 2 safety codes and a concierge. The area is very safe anyway, even at night. The studio is completely new and has a big wall window with a panoramic view on Paris (you can see the Sacré Coeur, the Eiffel Tower, the Defense, Notre-Dame, the Panthéon, etc.).  The apartement is very light (the sun comes in all day) and you can see the sunset behind the Eiffel Tower every night !). I live in a very nice area , with nice bars, restaurants and cafés nearby, and the building is between two stations where you can take several lines which will take you anywhere in Paris in no time. I also live only two stations from the Bois de Vincennes, a big lovely wood with a big lake where you can go and have a wal	Hello ! My name is Marianne, I am an English teacher and I rent my studio (30 square meters) in the 12th district of Paris for short periods of time in the school year and during the school holidays.  I live on the 12th floor of a nice building with a little garden in the front. The building has 2 safety codes and a concierge. The area is very safe anyway, even at night. The studio is completely new and has a big wall window with a panoramic view on Paris (you can see the Sacré Coeur, the Eiffel Tower, the Defense, Notre-Dame, the Panthéon, etc.).  The apartement is very light (the sun comes in all day) and you can see the sunset behind the Eiffel Tower every night !). I live in a very nice area , with nice bars, restaurants and cafés nearby, and the building is between two stations where you can take several lines which will take you anywhere in Paris in no time. I also live only two stations from the Bois de Vincennes, a big lovely wood with a big lake where you can go and have a wal
13343	paris 12e station nation  il y a metro 1.2.6.9 et RET A tres pratique pour les Touristes	Welcome strange friend I have a shy baby, he always cry when saw a stranger  at his 1 year old, since opened this brigade, he became active no longer afraid to talk to strangers. Do not be afraid, this boy is 3 years old today, very early to sleep at night, No noisy. My appartment have an empty room, we are welcome.thanks.
13344	The apartment, entirely refurbished in January 2012, can sleep up to 6 people with 2 double bedrooms and a comfortable pull out couch in the living-room. It is very calm, the bedrooms are not on the street but on the court-yard. There is a lovely small park 150m from the appartment. It is a safe area, it feels like a village, lively but not too much! Sheets and towels are furnished. No long term stay. I do not accept bookings for over 2 weeks unless I am away.	Beautiful modern and spacious 2 bedrooms apartment, loft style (85m², 914 sq.ft), situated on the first floor (with elevator) of a traditional parisian building, right in the heart of the trendy Charonne and Bastille neighborhood, in the 11th distric.       The apartment, entirely refurbished in January 2012, can sleep up to 6 people with 2 double bedrooms and a comfortable pull out couch in the living-room. It is very calm, the bedrooms are not on the street but on the court-yard. There is a lovely small park 150m from the appartment. It is a safe area, it feels like a village, lively but not too much! Sheets and towels are furnished. No long term stay. I do not accept bookings for over 2 weeks unless I am away. Amenities:  - Sheets and towels - Fully equipped kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, coffee machine, toaster, kettle... and everything you need to cook and dine).  -Dining area with a dining table and chairs  -Living-room with one sofa, cosy chairs, a flat-s
13345	Charming flat of 38 square meters with beautiful natural light, for 1 or 2 people, nice view, quiet but also not far from cinemas, shops, National Library François Mitterrand, animations along the river nearby.  Metro Cour Saint Emilion, line 14 (the fast line) 10 min from Palais Royal, Le Louvre, Centre Georges Pompidou. All furnished, available for short and long term rental. Neighborhood, National Library François Mitterrand, Cinématheque Française, La Maison Rouge. Closest University, University of Paris Diderot, Jacques Monod Institute, University 6 Pierre & Marie Curie. University nearby Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris - Val de Seine.	Charming flat of 38 square meters with beautiful natural light, for 1 or 2 people, nice view, quiet but also not far from cinemas, shops, National Library François Mitterrand, animations along the river nearby.  Metro Cour Saint Emilion, line 14 (the fast line) 10 min from Palais Royal, Le Louvre, Centre Georges Pompidou. All furnished, available for short and long term rental. Neighborhood, National Library François Mitterrand, Cinématheque Française, La Maison Rouge. Closest University, University of Paris Diderot, Jacques Monod Institute, University 6 Pierre & Marie Curie. University nearby Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris - Val de Seine. Metro : Line 14 Bercy - Cour Saint Emilion  Bus - 24, 64
13346	L'appartement est situé dans une résidence calme. Il est parfaitement situé pour visiter Paris et se ressourcer le soir. Par contre, il n'est pas adapté pour organiser des fêtes. 	Bel appart 120 m², calme et lumineux. Ligne 8 métro Porte Dorée, tous commerces. Au 4e étage, double exposition sur jardins. Grande pièce à vivre, cuisine, 4ch, 2sdb, pk, wifi, LL, SL, Frigo et congel 7 nuits minimum L'appartement est situé dans une résidence calme. Il est parfaitement situé pour visiter Paris et se ressourcer le soir. Par contre, il n'est pas adapté pour organiser des fêtes. La totalité du logement est accessible. Nous vous accueillons à votre arrivée. Nombreux commerces depuis la pâtisserie fine jusqu'au supermarché. Très bien desservi par tramway, métro, bus et taxi. Durée minimum 1 semaine
13347		Warm and cosy big room in downtown Paris! The flat is big on 2 floors and you get all the amenities you need: big kitchen to cook, bathroom with bathtub, fast Wi-fi... Nation, metro station connected to , is just a 3-mins walk away! Enjoy it! 
13348		Charmant studio de 30m ², totalement équipé (Lit 2 places, canapé convertible ,Tv, wifi, lave-linge, micro-onde ) dans un quartier vivant: plein de commerces a proximité et très bien desservie par les transports.
13349		Nice bedroom in a flatshare, with a really comfy bed and a large desk. The appartement is calm, and has everything you need (including a washing machine!). Down the street you can find diverse restaurants. Bus, tramway and subway are all nearby.
13350	What I like most about my studio is that there is a nice little balcony, a typical Parisian one.  The interior of the studio is newly renovated, unlike some old Parisian apartments lack of maintenance.  ===Other facilities and furniture=== + 2 chairs,  + a working desk  + a side-table + fridge + microwave	It's a simple and cozy Parisian studio with a bright balcony. There is a kitchen corner and a shower. The large bed is well enough for two people. The neighbourhood is highly accessible, calm and safe. There are supermarkets and nice cafes around. What I like most about my studio is that there is a nice little balcony, a typical Parisian one.  The interior of the studio is newly renovated, unlike some old Parisian apartments lack of maintenance.  ===Other facilities and furniture=== + 2 chairs,  + a working desk  + a side-table + fridge + microwave The entire studio space would be yours!! Just please don't mess with my stuff there. :P I'd come by to welcome you if I'm not at work. I'd try to answer any questions you may have about Paris. And I'd be absolutely delighted to share with you my own recommendations around Paris.  Maps would be provided and guidebooks are available in the studio. ;) The neighbourhood is a highly accessible but not touristic at all. It's a calm and safe. Both 
13351	Petit 2 pièces de 24 m2, très bien desservi ( m Nation et Reuilly Diderot a 200m), calme doubles vitrages mais proche des commerces, bars et restaurants, peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes + 2 jeunes enfants ( 1 lit 2 places et 1 petit canapé lit) Immeuble ancien mais logement propre toutes commodités. Très calme pour un logement centre de Paris, voisins pas du tout bruyants et très accommodants, immeuble sécurisé ( double digicode) Plans du metro, guide Paris pas cher 2015 ( très complet et pratique) Toujours disponible pour donner des infos Tout est a proximité, la L1 de métro dessert Bastille, Champs Élysées, Tour Eiffel..... Le tout en moins de 30 min. Des restaurants, bar et supermarchés pour tous les gouts dans la rue , et des épiceries ouvertes jusqu’à  2h du matin a 100m Metro Ligne 1,2,8,9 et plusieurs bus. Station velib et autolib. All informations also available in english/ todas las infos tambien disponibles en español/ posso falar português ( um poquinho ;) )	Petit 2 pièces de 24 m2, très bien desservi ( m Nation et Reuilly Diderot a 200m), calme doubles vitrages mais proche des commerces, bars et restaurants, peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 personnes + 2 jeunes enfants ( 1 lit 2 places et 1 petit canapé lit) Immeuble ancien mais logement propre toutes commodités. Très calme pour un logement centre de Paris, voisins pas du tout bruyants et très accommodants, immeuble sécurisé ( double digicode) Plans du metro, guide Paris pas cher 2015 ( très complet et pratique) Toujours disponible pour donner des infos Tout est a proximité, la L1 de métro dessert Bastille, Champs Élysées, Tour Eiffel..... Le tout en moins de 30 min. Des restaurants, bar et supermarchés pour tous les gouts dans la rue , et des épiceries ouvertes jusqu’à  2h du matin a 100m Metro Ligne 1,2,8,9 et plusieurs bus. Station velib et autolib. All informations also available in english/ todas las infos tambien disponibles en español/ posso falar português ( um poquinho ;) )
13352		Charme de l'ancien, moulures cheminées parquet ... et très lumineux De plus proche de Bastille, st germain des prés  par bus 86 seulement 15 mn ... Rues commerçantes, cafés salon de thé ... bois de vincennes et coulée verte
13353	Vous voulez profiter de la vie parisienne tout en ayant un coin calme, chaleureux et bien aménagé? Alors ce studio de 25 m² est fait pour vous!  Très lumineux, le studio au 1er étage donne sur une grande cour arborée et dégagée à l'abri du bruit des voitures, le quartier est sécure et bien desservi. Vous accéderez à l'ensemble du logement, qui dispose de tout le nécessaire:internet, télévision, machine à laver, linge de maison, vaisselle, bouilloire, four, micro-ondes, placards... Résidence sécurisée. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes, un 3ème couchage d'appoint est possible sur demande.	Grand studio chaleureux, très calme, lumineux, fonctionnel et proche de toutes commodités. Situé entre 3 arrêts de métro (lignes 6 et 8  à 4 min à pieds), entre Nation et Bercy, Bastille et Bois de Vincennes.  Un nid douillet en plein Paris! Vous voulez profiter de la vie parisienne tout en ayant un coin calme, chaleureux et bien aménagé? Alors ce studio de 25 m² est fait pour vous!  Très lumineux, le studio au 1er étage donne sur une grande cour arborée et dégagée à l'abri du bruit des voitures, le quartier est sécure et bien desservi. Vous accéderez à l'ensemble du logement, qui dispose de tout le nécessaire:internet, télévision, machine à laver, linge de maison, vaisselle, bouilloire, four, micro-ondes, placards... Résidence sécurisée. Idéal pour 1 ou 2 personnes, un 3ème couchage d'appoint est possible sur demande. Non présente durant le séjour, je resterai facilement joignable. Gardien sur place. Quartier familial et agréable avec tous les commerces à disposition. Quartier bien de
13354	The apartment of 50m ² is situated in the 12th district of Paris, very central, modern and bourgeois district. The apartment is done well, the bedrooms are separated from the lounge by a big corridor. It' is quiet, bright, perfect for a family or a group of friends. The lounge possesses a small balcony with a clear view. The big bedroom possesses a double mezzanine with very comfortable mattress, the small bedroom possesses a single bed, perfect for a child or a teenager. Possibility of sleeping in the lounge also, the sofa-bed suits for 2 sleepings. WiFi internet, wawhingmachine, tumble-dryer, dishwasher, iron… towels and clean sheets supplied, hairdryer, shower gel / shampoo, tea, coffee, sugar... Warning: it's situated in the 5th floor without elevator	Bright apartment of 50 m2, close to 3 differents metro stations. 2 rooms, lounge, kitchen, bathroom and toilets. In the first room there is a mezzanine for 2 people. In the second there is a single bed (ideal for a child). The lounge has a sofa-bed.  The apartment of 50m ² is situated in the 12th district of Paris, very central, modern and bourgeois district. The apartment is done well, the bedrooms are separated from the lounge by a big corridor. It' is quiet, bright, perfect for a family or a group of friends. The lounge possesses a small balcony with a clear view. The big bedroom possesses a double mezzanine with very comfortable mattress, the small bedroom possesses a single bed, perfect for a child or a teenager. Possibility of sleeping in the lounge also, the sofa-bed suits for 2 sleepings. WiFi internet, wawhingmachine, tumble-dryer, dishwasher, iron… towels and clean sheets supplied, hairdryer, shower gel / shampoo, tea, coffee, sugar... Warning: it's situated in the 5th floor 
13355	This lovely appartment is located between the place of Daumesnil and Nation.  You can reach every places of interets in paris less than 30mins by metro.  Two bedrooms, 2nd  floor (1st floor in france) without elevator. It was completely renovated in september 2014 and fully equipped. There are two bedrooms and one living room in our appartment. We can receive 4 persons maximum. Bedrooms: One bedroom with a double bed (140*200) and another bedroom with a pull out sofa bed(140*200). There is a spacious wardrobe in each bedroom. Living room: A table for 4 persons is installed, and a TV with more than 200 chanels is provided as well. Bathroom: The bathroom is equipped with a modern style shower, a vanity and a high quality toilet.  Fresh towels are provided. Kitchen: The kitchen is fully equipped: fridge, microwave, grill, cooktop, dishes & utensils, and cooking utensils. 	This lovely appartment is located near the place of Nation. You can reach every places of interets in paris less than 30mins by metro.  2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 2nd  floor (1st floor in france) without elevator. It was renovated in sept 2014. This lovely appartment is located between the place of Daumesnil and Nation.  You can reach every places of interets in paris less than 30mins by metro.  Two bedrooms, 2nd  floor (1st floor in france) without elevator. It was completely renovated in september 2014 and fully equipped. There are two bedrooms and one living room in our appartment. We can receive 4 persons maximum. Bedrooms: One bedroom with a double bed (140*200) and another bedroom with a pull out sofa bed(140*200). There is a spacious wardrobe in each bedroom. Living room: A table for 4 persons is installed, and a TV with more than 200 chanels is provided as well. Bathroom: The bathroom is equipped with a modern style shower, a vanity and a high quality toilet.  Fresh towels are 
13356	Cosy room, comfortable and ideal for someone not afraid to go up 6 floors to find the peace and light. It's a well designed forty five square meters  that has all that you need for washing, drying, relaxing, ...  Very quiet, modern, and sunny (south and west). The room is on the 6th (last) floor WITHOUT lift but most of Parisian Buildings and easy to climb ;) We have a CAT in the flat, so not for people who have allergy to cats. - 100m from metro station (line 1) - 20min from Arc de Triomphe (by RER A) - 5min from metro line 6 - Safe & quiet area - 2min from shops, pharmacy etc... Check in / out schedules flexibles Free coffee and tea. Nice and safe area. There are a lot of Markets, bakery, supermarkets, shops in the neighbourhood. We love to meet people and exchange culture. Foreign people, it's the easy way to learn french and to live in Paris like a parisian ;-) See you soon	Cosy room, comfortable and ideal for someone not afraid to go up 6 floors to find the peace and light. It's a well designed forty five square meters  that has all that you need for washing, drying, relaxing, ...  Very quiet, modern, and sunny (south and west). The room is on the 6th (last) floor WITHOUT lift but most of Parisian Buildings and easy to climb ;) We have a CAT in the flat, so not for people who have allergy to cats. - 100m from metro station (line 1) - 20min from Arc de Triomphe (by RER A) - 5min from metro line 6 - Safe & quiet area - 2min from shops, pharmacy etc... Check in / out schedules flexibles Free coffee and tea. Nice and safe area. There are a lot of Markets, bakery, supermarkets, shops in the neighbourhood. We love to meet people and exchange culture. Foreign people, it's the easy way to learn french and to live in Paris like a parisian ;-) See you soon Supermarkets and stores nearby, very quiet and safe at night. 2 metro stations less than 5 minute walk.
13357	Ce magnifique studio de 35 m² à quelques pas de la place de la Nation et à 5 stations de métro de la place de la République.  Il est situé au 7ème étage avec vue dégagée, sans vis à vis et lumineux d'un immeuble récent.  Ce studio pour 2 personnes, entièrement rénové, est équipé d'un lave linge-sèche linge, d'une télévision avec des chaines câblées et d'un un accès internet haut débit illimité en wifi.  Le drap housse, la couette et housse de couette, les oreillers et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis.  L'immeuble est sécurisé par des codes d'entrées.   Le studio est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, avec un canapé en cuir, une table basse qui se lève pour diner, d'une télévision, et d'une salle d'eau avec baignoire.  La cuisine ouverte est équipée d'un réfrigérateur, d'un congélateur, des plaques vitro céramiques, d'une hotte aspirante, d'un four micro-ondes, d'une cafetière Nespresso (les capsules ne sont pas fournies), et de tous les ustensiles de cuisine.  Vous trouverez da	Charmant studio de 35m2, entièrement rénové, au 7ème étage, vue dégagée et lumineux d'un immeuble récent parisien.  Vous serez séduits par son emplacement et sa décoration raffinée, qui rendront inoubliable votre séjour à Paris. Ce magnifique studio de 35 m² à quelques pas de la place de la Nation et à 5 stations de métro de la place de la République.  Il est situé au 7ème étage avec vue dégagée, sans vis à vis et lumineux d'un immeuble récent.  Ce studio pour 2 personnes, entièrement rénové, est équipé d'un lave linge-sèche linge, d'une télévision avec des chaines câblées et d'un un accès internet haut débit illimité en wifi.  Le drap housse, la couette et housse de couette, les oreillers et les serviettes de toilette sont fournis.  L'immeuble est sécurisé par des codes d'entrées.   Le studio est composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, avec un canapé en cuir, une table basse qui se lève pour diner, d'une télévision, et d'une salle d'eau avec baignoire.  La cuisine ouverte est équipée d'un
13358	The flat has a long balcony which is sunny after midday. A table and four chairs make it possible to have your meals outside. Maybe, you will need the sofa in the living room for a 5th or 6th person.	"2 bedroom flat in Paris. close to 'place de la Nation' in a quiet street. 4 subway + Paris speed train (RER) + buses to get easily everywhere in Paris, Versailles, ... 1 bath room + 1 shower . 1sofa (2 more people). 2 rest rooms. Have a nice stay ! The flat has a long balcony which is sunny after midday. A table and four chairs make it possible to have your meals outside. Maybe, you will need the sofa in the living room for a 5th or 6th person. We leave before you come to Paris and come back after your departure : our flat is your's for three weeks; Our daughter (Anaïs, 25) will welcome you (with the keys, explanations about our home, ...). you might like : - ""la promenade plantée"" a pedestrian path to place de la Bastille (west) ou Bois de Vincennes (east). - Picpus cemetery, hidden behind an old porch at  ""35 rue de Picpus"". Lafayette is buried there. Only from 2pm to (website hidden) learn more :  in google. - a very good pizza : ""pizza di faousto"" . Cross the street. The shop is 70"
13359		Un studio très bien placée entre la place Nation et la place de la Bastille. Très bien desservi (Ligne de métro 1,2,8,9 et RER A) et très lumineux. Quartier très animé et offrant la possibilité de vous restaurer facilement.
13360	The appartement is calm, neighbours are discreet, windows are on court so it is very quiet. Clean, cosy, bright and very confortable to live in. Bathroom has bathtub, toilets are separated. Bedroom is bright spacious with a big and very confortable bed.	Nation Area. 3rd floor appartement with big windows, opened kitchen on living room, ancien wood parquet floor. Quiet place, very safe area. Rue du Rendez-Vous very close, typical shopping street. 1 minute from Picpus métro. 7 minutes from Nation. The appartement is calm, neighbours are discreet, windows are on court so it is very quiet. Clean, cosy, bright and very confortable to live in. Bathroom has bathtub, toilets are separated. Bedroom is bright spacious with a big and very confortable bed. You will have access of the entire appartement, just know that it's my main house, so there will be my belongings..  If you read french there will be a lot of book that you can borrow and if you read english there might be a few as well ! Please just remember to place them back before you leave :) We should meet when you arrive ! But I might be travelling when you'll be staying but there is always be someone in Paris nearby that you can reach by phone and see in case of need. And I also will be
13361	"3 bedrooms, 2 bathroom with office space in one of the bedrooms Lovely 2 story apartment is located next to Metro ""Reuilly-Diderot"" & ""Nation"". Shops, supermarket, restaurants near the apartment."	"This modern, sleek, state of the art apartment is perfect for a family,friends or couples.  At 1,000 sq ft this two story gem has all luxuries. Washer/Dryer, Dishwasher, TV/Cable, Sound system, Metros REUILLY DIDERROT (1 minute walk) and NATION (3 ) 3 bedrooms, 2 bathroom with office space in one of the bedrooms Lovely 2 story apartment is located next to Metro ""Reuilly-Diderot"" & ""Nation"". Shops, supermarket, restaurants near the apartment. Internet, TV/Cable, Washer/Dryer, Bed linens, Towels, Fill kitchen. Always available to help~ Shops, restaurants, dry cleaning, boulangerie, supermarket Two adjacent metro stations to take you anywhere you want in Paris.  Metro station ""Reuilly-Diderot"" is a 1 minute walk and ""Nation"" a 3 minute walk from my apartment. Maid service is available for $40 extra"
13362		Grand studio lumineux sans vis-à-vis dotée d'une belle pièce à vivre pouvant accueillir deux personnes situé proche nation et porte de vincennes. Nombreux transports à proximité :ligne 1, 6, 9, 2, t3a et t3b. Commerces de proximité juste en bas.
13363	capacité d'accueil: un lit deux places plus un canapé (pour une personne)	3 pièces lumineux, traversant et bien placé (ligne1: Chatelet à 15 min, tramway). Vues, commodités,commerces, ascenseur, immeuble PDT.  capacité d'accueil: un lit deux places plus un canapé (pour une personne) accès à toutes les pièces et équipements  quartier vivant et commerçant. Très bien desservi (métro, tram, bus)
13364	Appartement parfaitement équipé pour accueillir deux personnes ( 1 vrai lit double ) + tout le nécessaire pour bébé ( lit / baignoire/ table à langer/ jouets...) dans sa propre chambre. Une entrée, cuisine avec plaques vitro-céramiques, grille pain, blender, machine à laver et sèche-linge, une pièce principale salle à manger table / salon canapé / chambre lit double, salle-de-bain avec baignoire, serviettes, sèche-cheveux, fer et table à repasser, wc, terrasse 8m2 sur cour. Ascenseur, accès internet,  DVD et livres à disposition.	Joli deux pièces, 50m2 avec terrasse,  au 1er étage, sur cour, d'un immeuble moderne, avec ascenseur, pouvant accueillir deux personnes + 1 bébé. A 50m du métro Porte dorée et à 200m du bois de Vincennes. Quartier calme.Proximité tous commerces.  Appartement parfaitement équipé pour accueillir deux personnes ( 1 vrai lit double ) + tout le nécessaire pour bébé ( lit / baignoire/ table à langer/ jouets...) dans sa propre chambre. Une entrée, cuisine avec plaques vitro-céramiques, grille pain, blender, machine à laver et sèche-linge, une pièce principale salle à manger table / salon canapé / chambre lit double, salle-de-bain avec baignoire, serviettes, sèche-cheveux, fer et table à repasser, wc, terrasse 8m2 sur cour. Ascenseur, accès internet,  DVD et livres à disposition. L'appartement est entièrement mis à disposition. Nous ne sommes pas présents pendant le séjour. Nous sommes présents pour l'accueil et la remise des clefs au départ des voyageurs. C'est un quartier résidentiel très fa
13365	L'appartement a été complètement refait a neuf dans un esprit moderne mais chaleureux. Il a été pensé afin d'être ultra fonctionnel et procure une vraie sensation d'espace pour un 3 pièces (rare à Paris) avec une pièce à vivre de 30 m2 et 2 belles chambres équipées toutes deux d'un lit 2 places.	Idéalement situé dans Paris, 10min de la gare de Lyon, proche de la place Daumesnil, du bois de Vincennes (zoo) et de la place de la Nation. Immeuble charmant de 1900, appartement calme et lumineux, avec ascenseur, rénové et complètement équipé. L'appartement a été complètement refait a neuf dans un esprit moderne mais chaleureux. Il a été pensé afin d'être ultra fonctionnel et procure une vraie sensation d'espace pour un 3 pièces (rare à Paris) avec une pièce à vivre de 30 m2 et 2 belles chambres équipées toutes deux d'un lit 2 places. Super pratique d'accès:  Métro ligne 6 : Daumesnil ou Bel-air Métro ligne 8 : Michel Buzot Bus 64 : Arrêt Louis Braille Station autolib à 100m Station Vélin à 100m Quartier super agréable, familial avec nombreux commerces et restaurants, mais egalement proche de Bastille, du Marais et à 20min en métro du quartier de l'Opéra. Idéal pour découvrir Paris mais également se rendre à Euro Disney directement avec le RER A qui se prend à la place de la Nation (
13366	A comfortable home-away-from-home, this one bedroom provides you with all you need for an authentic stay in Paris. Away from the touristic chaos of the center of the city, but with ample boulangeries and cafes nearby, this location is the perfect balance of parisian life and a convenient location to visit the city!	Conveniently located by Nation with many of Paris' metro lines just a walk away, this cozy one bedroom is a simple and homey place to explore Paris from. A comfortable home-away-from-home, this one bedroom provides you with all you need for an authentic stay in Paris. Away from the touristic chaos of the center of the city, but with ample boulangeries and cafes nearby, this location is the perfect balance of parisian life and a convenient location to visit the city! You will have the apartment completely to yourself. However, we will always be available to you for anything that may come up. Feel free to ask me not only questions about the neighborhood and apartment but any and all questions about Paris, from fun bars to cafes for studying at and the best museums as well as the best restaurants. Metro access Station: Porte de Vincennes, Metro line 1 - just around the corner from the apartment Station: Nation, Metro lines 1, 6, 2, 9, and RER A - 10 minute walk away The trams that run the
13367	Logement spacieux et propre. Très bien situé. Chambre bien équipée dans grand appartement lumineux de 90 m2. Parquet. Cuisine équipée. Balcon. Machine à laver. Draps et serviettes sont fournis. Logement très bien situé, de nombreux commerces autour. -------------- Spacious and clean housing. Very well located . Room well equipped in large, bright apartment of 90 m2. Parquet . Fitted kitchen. Balcony . Washing machine. Sheets and towels are provided. Housing very well located , many shops around .	Chambre bien équipée dans grand appartement lumineux de 90 m2. Parquet. Cuisine équipée. Balcon. Machine à laver. Draps et serviettes sont fournis. Logement très bien situé, de nombreux commerces autour. Logement spacieux et propre. Très bien situé. Chambre bien équipée dans grand appartement lumineux de 90 m2. Parquet. Cuisine équipée. Balcon. Machine à laver. Draps et serviettes sont fournis. Logement très bien situé, de nombreux commerces autour. -------------- Spacious and clean housing. Very well located . Room well equipped in large, bright apartment of 90 m2. Parquet . Fitted kitchen. Balcony . Washing machine. Sheets and towels are provided. Housing very well located , many shops around . Cuisine  et salle à manger uniquement  pour le petit-déjeuner. Salle de bains. --------------------------- Kitchen and dining room only for breakfast. Bathroom. Je serai ravie d'échanger avec vous mes quelques bons plans.  --------------------- I will be glad to share with you my good shots . 
13368	Appartement dans une petite résidence calme et fleurie, proche de toutes les commodités. Supermarché, rue commerçante, boulangeries...	Appartement cosy et lumineux de 45m² proche de Nation, du bois de Vincennes, très bien desservi par les transports en commun (RER, métro, bus, tramway).  Grande salle de bain,  2 chambres, cuisine américaine, balcon amenagé sans vis à vis . Appartement dans une petite résidence calme et fleurie, proche de toutes les commodités. Supermarché, rue commerçante, boulangeries... Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement (salle de bain, cuisine, réfrigerateur, terrasse,...)  hormis notre chambre. Accès Wifi  Accès à un ordinateur si besoin.  Nous échangerons avec plaisir avec nos hôtes en fonction de leurs envies. Nous pouvons conseillers sur les visites à ne pas manquer ou insolites qu'il est possible de faire. En fonction des périodes possibilités de prendre des repas ensemble ou tout simplement l'apéritif. Quartier calme avec rue commerçante typiquement parisienne. Proche du bois de Vincennes et à deux pas de la promenade plantée (coulée verte). Très bien désservi. Bus, Métro, RER A, Tramway ! M
13369	"I live in a modern four-room flat of 75m2 just round the corner from place de la Nation, in the 12th arrondissement of Paris (RER train A, metro lines 1, 2, 6 and 9, direct bus from/to CDG airport) in a lovely family-like and completely safe area, with many shops around, in a quiet moderm building overlooking a large courtyard, accessible with codes and looked after by a janitor. The layout of the rooms is such that you can be fully independent and come in and out as you like : the rooms to rent are on one side of the flat, and I live at the other end. I'm renting either the single or the double bedroom room, to single women or couples. In any case you have access to the terrasse directly from your bedroom, and a ""lounge"" area just for you outside the bedrooms.  The double room is perfect for a couple. The single room has a (bed-like, super comfy) sofa-bed, a small writing desk, a coffee table, an armchair, etc. Towels and bedlinen will be provided for you. Feel free to use the washing"	"I live in a modern four-room flat of 75m2 just round the corner from place de la Nation, in the 12th arrondissement of Paris (RER train A, metro lines 1, 2, 6 and 9, direct bus from/to CDG airport) in a lovely family-like and completely safe area, with many shops around, in a quiet moderm building overlooking a large courtyard, accessible with codes and looked after by a janitor. The layout of the rooms is such that you can be fully independent and come in and out as you like : the rooms to rent are on one side of the flat, and I live at the other end. I'm renting either the single or the double bedroom room, to single women or couples. In any case you have access to the terrasse directly from your bedroom, and a ""lounge"" area just for you outside the bedrooms.  The double room is perfect for a couple. The single room has a (bed-like, super comfy) sofa-bed, a small writing desk, a coffee table, an armchair, etc. Towels and bedlinen will be provided for you. Feel free to use the washing"
13370	Chbre de 15m2 dans appartement de 110m2. Grand salon de 35m2, la peinture est défraichie, mais il reste très confortable. Cuisine équipée (gazinière, micro onde, cafetière, bouilloire).	Une chambre au calme dans mon appartement de 110m2, type ancien dans immeuble haussmannien. Clic clac pour deux pers. Quartier calme et très pratique, Nation (L1,L2,L6,L9,RER A, plusieurs bus). En Juillet/Août: séjour de minimum 3nuits Chbre de 15m2 dans appartement de 110m2. Grand salon de 35m2, la peinture est défraichie, mais il reste très confortable. Cuisine équipée (gazinière, micro onde, cafetière, bouilloire). Accès au salon , sdb, cuisine, toilette. Je serai à votre disposition lors de votre arrivée, et joignable pour questions et indications... Le quartier Nation est extrêmement bien desservi, beaucoup de lignes de métro (1,2,6,9), RER A, Bus (phone number hidden): Direct pour rejoindre le centre en 10min, Bastille à 5min, le nord pour Montmartre (Anvers), le sud et l'Est de Paris. Bois de Vincennes à 15min. Quartier calme, avenue tranquille, la chambre donne sur la cour. L1,L2,L6,L9, RER A Bus (phone number hidden) Noctilien 11 Bois de Vincennes à 15min Je ne fournis pas les
13371	FOR VACATION RENTAL PARIS XII BASTILLE GARE DE LYON 452 SQUARE FEET APARTMENT RENOVATED AND FULLY FURNISHED BRIGHT CALM COMFORTABLE SLEEPS 4 TO 5 PEOPLE The building is located right by La Coulée Verte. It was renovated  in 2007. The apartment was renovated in November 2008. Bright, with southern exposure, it faces a large and very calm courtyard. The Gare de Lyon station is 300 meters away, with TGV trains to Provence, the RER and the Metro.  The Ledru Rollin Metro station is also a 3 minutes walk away. Many bus lines serve the neiboorhood. Taxis abound. There is no parking provided with this offer.  In the quarter, there are  many  restaurants:  French, Japanese,Vietnamese and Italian.  The Aligre outdoor market is open everyday until 1PM and is only a five minute walk. At the Place d'Aligre a supermarket is open until  10PM. At the Bastille, a 10 minutes walk, one will find cinemas, theaters, opera, bars and night-clubs. You’re close enough to crawl home if need be. On the way to Ba	Sleeps up to 5 people: bed is 160X200, sofa is 140X190 and extra single is 90X200. Very calm and bright, wifi, kitchen set for cooking real meals. 300 meters away from metro. See full details ... FOR VACATION RENTAL PARIS XII BASTILLE GARE DE LYON 452 SQUARE FEET APARTMENT RENOVATED AND FULLY FURNISHED BRIGHT CALM COMFORTABLE SLEEPS 4 TO 5 PEOPLE The building is located right by La Coulée Verte. It was renovated  in 2007. The apartment was renovated in November 2008. Bright, with southern exposure, it faces a large and very calm courtyard. The Gare de Lyon station is 300 meters away, with TGV trains to Provence, the RER and the Metro.  The Ledru Rollin Metro station is also a 3 minutes walk away. Many bus lines serve the neiboorhood. Taxis abound. There is no parking provided with this offer.  In the quarter, there are  many  restaurants:  French, Japanese,Vietnamese and Italian.  The Aligre outdoor market is open everyday until 1PM and is only a five minute walk. At the Place d'Aligre
13372	This one bedroom appartement is idealy situated at the heart of the 11th arrondissement, it's on the second floor. Only 2 minutes away from Faidherbe Chaligny station, 4 minutes from Ledru Rollin station and it's a 10 minute walk from Place de la Bastille. The Aligre market ( one of the most renowned and cheapest in Paris) is only 2 minutes away. The neighborhood is very pleasant for the young as well as for the families. There're a lot of very nice restaurants and bars all around. There are a couple of bars in the street so even if it's a small street that's pretty quiet it can get a bit noisy on the weekend (but if you close the window you don't hear it a lot).You can shop for all the essentials products in the many stores located around the appartement (pharmacy, good bakery, supermarkets...) The bathroom and the kitchen were just renovated! You'll find all the commodities that you need to have a very pleasant stay. -washing mashing -dryer -tv with cable -a double bed bedroom -Inter	This one bedroom appartement is idealy situated at the heart of the 11th arrondissement, it's on the second floor. Only 2 minutes away from Faidherbe Chaligny station, 4 minutes from Ledru Rollin station and it's a 10 minute walk from Place de la Bastille. The Aligre market ( one of the most renowned and cheapest in Paris) is only 2 minutes away. The neighborhood is very pleasant for the young as well as for the families. There're a lot of very nice restaurants and bars all around. There are a couple of bars in the street so even if it's a small street that's pretty quiet it can get a bit noisy on the weekend (but if you close the window you don't hear it a lot).You can shop for all the essentials products in the many stores located around the appartement (pharmacy, good bakery, supermarkets...) The bathroom and the kitchen were just renovated! You'll find all the commodities that you need to have a very pleasant stay. -washing mashing -dryer -tv with cable -a double bed bedroom -Inter
13373	métro Reuilly Diderot/Nation. Studio 30 m2 au 2e et dernier étage sur cour. Tout confort: meublé et équipé avec goût, TV écran plat, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. Un lit 2 places. Location minimum deux semaines.  Nadège Sapède, me contacter au (phone number hidden)	Studio agréable de 30m2 avec lit double, cuisine toute équipée ( frigidaire, four/micro-onde, plaques vitro-céramique, lave-vaisselle) et salle de bain avec lave-linge. Lumineux, calme, 2ème et dernier étage sur cour. Impasse donnant sur la rue du faubourg Saint-Antoine, nombreux commerces et restaurants. Squares à proximité. métro Reuilly Diderot/Nation. Studio 30 m2 au 2e et dernier étage sur cour. Tout confort: meublé et équipé avec goût, TV écran plat, lave-linge, lave-vaisselle. Un lit 2 places. Location minimum deux semaines.  Nadège Sapède, me contacter au (phone number hidden) Je vis tout près et me rendrai disponible Emplacement calme dans quartier vivant proche Bastille 60 m du métro
13374	I rent my apartment during my vacation, consisting of 2 rooms: 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 (140cm) + 1 living room with sofa bed + kitchen (equipped with a small oven, microwave and washing machine). Located in the 12th arrondissement (Daumesnil Metro: Line 6 and 8 metro + bus number), near Nation and the Bois de Vincennes (Castle, Floral Park) .. Apartment overlooking courtyard, very quiet. Quariter residential with many shops.	I rent my apartment during my vacation, consisting of 2 rooms: 1 bedroom with a bed for 2 (140cm) + 1 living room with sofa bed + kitchen (equipped with a small oven, microwave and washing machine). Located in the 12th arrondissement (Daumesnil Metro: Line 6 and 8 metro + bus number), near Nation and the Bois de Vincennes (Castle, Floral Park) .. Apartment overlooking courtyard, very quiet. Quariter residential with many shops.
13375	"This beautiful apartment will make you feel like a real Parisian! Located in the heart of Paris in the Bastille neighborhood, steps away from the city center, this will be an ideal location for exploring the entire city. Several metro lines (1, 5, 8, 14) and buses at Bastille and Gare de Lyon make transportation convenient, and you can walk to the Marais in under 10 minutes. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator, and is very spacious and full of light, with windows and a long balcony overlooking a typical 19th century tree-lined street and the beautiful ""Coulée Verte"".  Kitchen: The apartment features a separate fully-equipped kitchen with a gas stove for cooking fresh French meals. (It's a 5-minute walk to the famous Marché d'Aligre farmer's market.)  Bedroom: The bedroom features a queen-sized bed, as well as an antique French desk that provides quiet work space. The window opens onto the quiet courtyard. Bathroom: The cute bathroom features a shower, tub, sink and plenty o"	"This beautiful apartment will make you feel like a real Parisian! Located in the heart of Paris in the Bastille neighborhood, steps away from the city center, this will be an ideal location for exploring the entire city. Several metro lines (1, 5, 8, 14) and buses at Bastille and Gare de Lyon make transportation convenient, and you can walk to the Marais in under 10 minutes. The apartment is on the 5th floor with elevator, and is very spacious and full of light, with windows and a long balcony overlooking a typical 19th century tree-lined street and the beautiful ""Coulée Verte"".  Kitchen: The apartment features a separate fully-equipped kitchen with a gas stove for cooking fresh French meals. (It's a 5-minute walk to the famous Marché d'Aligre farmer's market.)  Bedroom: The bedroom features a queen-sized bed, as well as an antique French desk that provides quiet work space. The window opens onto the quiet courtyard. Bathroom: The cute bathroom features a shower, tub, sink and plenty o"
13376	"You will stay in a charming and very well decorated 30 square meters studio with balcony.  The apartment is quiet located in a nice and central area. You will enjoy a view on the ""Promenade plantée"" (an old 19th century railway restored in large urban garden). - Located in Paris, (Bastille area). At 5mn walk from ""Place de la Bastille"", ""Gare de Lyon"" and ""Marché d'Aligre"" (one of the most reputed Paris food market) - 3nd floor with a large elevator of a standing 90's building  - sleeps up to 2 people -  1 large living room with 1 open kitchen, 1 king size sofa-bed, a bathroom with shower and toilet . The apartment is full Equiped with TV, DVD, unlimited wireless Internet , equiped kitchen. Also fresh linen, towels soaps and coffee are provided ! SUBWAY : - ""Ledru Rollin"" (line 8),  - ""Bastille"" (lines 1, 8, 5),  - ""Gare de Lyon"" (lines 1, 14, and RER A : accessible from ""Aéroport Charles de Gaulle"" and direct to ""Dysneyland Paris"" ) You will find in the neighbouhood a lot of sorts of "	"You will stay in a charming and very well decorated 30 square meters studio with balcony.  The apartment is quiet located in a nice and central area. You will enjoy a view on the ""Promenade plantée"" (an old 19th century railway restored in large urban garden). - Located in Paris, (Bastille area). At 5mn walk from ""Place de la Bastille"", ""Gare de Lyon"" and ""Marché d'Aligre"" (one of the most reputed Paris food market) - 3nd floor with a large elevator of a standing 90's building  - sleeps up to 2 people -  1 large living room with 1 open kitchen, 1 king size sofa-bed, a bathroom with shower and toilet . The apartment is full Equiped with TV, DVD, unlimited wireless Internet , equiped kitchen. Also fresh linen, towels soaps and coffee are provided ! SUBWAY : - ""Ledru Rollin"" (line 8),  - ""Bastille"" (lines 1, 8, 5),  - ""Gare de Lyon"" (lines 1, 14, and RER A : accessible from ""Aéroport Charles de Gaulle"" and direct to ""Dysneyland Paris"" ) You will find in the neighbouhood a lot of sorts of "
13377	"Hello, I'm renting my studio near Bastille (young night district in Paris) Located in front of the tube station Faidherbe Chaligny (subway line 8; bus 86). There is a velib sation (bike sharing) in front of the flat too.  15min walking distance to area Bastille, Le Marais and Saint Paul and 25 mn to ""Les Halles and the Opera National de Paris"".   animated, with bars and brasseries. Not far from the Barrio Latino a famous latin bar in Paris and  Le RESERVOIR concert night club and restaurant (it's a magic place you must go there) and also LA CASBA magic oriental club restaurant. The famous ""BALAJO night club"" in rue de Lappe and others tipicly restaurants. In these places you can smell the magical mysteries nights in PARIS.  linen and towels.provided for 2 Fully equiped: 1 bed for 2 persons and 1 extra bed if necessary, 1 table, chairs, induction kitchen with multifunction micro wave oven, coffee machine and mixer. 2nd floor without elevator Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any "	"Hello, I'm renting my studio near Bastille (young night district in Paris) Located in front of the tube station Faidherbe Chaligny (subway line 8; bus 86). There is a velib sation (bike sharing) in front of the flat too.  15min walking distance to area Bastille, Le Marais and Saint Paul and 25 mn to ""Les Halles and the Opera National de Paris"".   animated, with bars and brasseries. Not far from the Barrio Latino a famous latin bar in Paris and  Le RESERVOIR concert night club and restaurant (it's a magic place you must go there) and also LA CASBA magic oriental club restaurant. The famous ""BALAJO night club"" in rue de Lappe and others tipicly restaurants. In these places you can smell the magical mysteries nights in PARIS.  linen and towels.provided for 2 Fully equiped: 1 bed for 2 persons and 1 extra bed if necessary, 1 table, chairs, induction kitchen with multifunction micro wave oven, coffee machine and mixer. 2nd floor without elevator Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any "
13378	Located in a discreet passage of Faubourg St Antoine, young and warm area of Paris, my 42m2 flat under the roof, is cosy and a quiet nest for lovers who want to spend few days in the franch capital. It is composed of an open kitchen all equiped, a spacious bathroom with bathtub, toilets and a large room to live, wooden floor, living room area, fireplace, and a night area with a double bed of good quality. You'll be delighted by the well kept decoration quite cosy and vintage, the high light and the absolute calm of the street, where only birds can wake up you in the morning . cable et du wifi connection in the flat. EQUIPEMENT : - Equiped kitchen, with fridge, freezer, cooker, everything to cook,a hoover and a washing machine. - Bathroom: bathtub, washbasin, toilets, washing machine, hair dryer and towel dryer. - living room : an angle couch which can be transfromed in bed, a big low table. Télévision with cable. fireplace. a desk - night area: a bed 140 x 190cm with good pillows. In t	Located in a discreet passage of Faubourg St Antoine, young and warm area of Paris, my 42m2 flat under the roof, is cosy and a quiet nest for lovers who want to spend few days in the franch capital. It is composed of an open kitchen all equiped, a spacious bathroom with bathtub, toilets and a large room to live, wooden floor, living room area, fireplace, and a night area with a double bed of good quality. You'll be delighted by the well kept decoration quite cosy and vintage, the high light and the absolute calm of the street, where only birds can wake up you in the morning . cable et du wifi connection in the flat. EQUIPEMENT : - Equiped kitchen, with fridge, freezer, cooker, everything to cook,a hoover and a washing machine. - Bathroom: bathtub, washbasin, toilets, washing machine, hair dryer and towel dryer. - living room : an angle couch which can be transfromed in bed, a big low table. Télévision with cable. fireplace. a desk - night area: a bed 140 x 190cm with good pillows. In t
13379	2 pièces -  40 m2	Bel appartement, refait à neuf, proche de la place Nation, 50m du métro: Picpus - ligne 6.  Pour plus de détails n'hésitez pas à nous contacter  2 pièces -  40 m2 
13380	i rent this private room, all year long . it is confortable with one MEDIUM bed 120cms  for 2 people in a 55 square meters flat in a building with a lift. it is located in the 12th arrondissement near bois de Vincennes in a peaceful area but very close from the most famous parisian sites thanks to the metro line 1 , the bus and the bike stations. sheets and towels are available . you can also use the kitchen equipements. I like to meet people from different countries and it would really be a great pleasure to welcome you. You can cook in the small but convenient kitchen  i have a small French bulldog very kind and often on holiday. i also have an other private room that can accomodate two persons. please read my other ad. See you soon Olivier 	i rent this private room, all year long . it is confortable with one MEDIUM bed 120cms  for 2 people in a 55 square meters flat in a building with a lift. it is located in the 12th arrondissement near bois de Vincennes in a peaceful area but very close from the most famous parisian sites thanks to the metro line 1 , the bus and the bike stations. sheets and towels are available . you can also use the kitchen equipements. I like to meet people from different countries and it would really be a great pleasure to welcome you. You can cook in the small but convenient kitchen  i have a small French bulldog very kind and often on holiday. i also have an other private room that can accomodate two persons. please read my other ad. See you soon Olivier 
13381	Au troisième étage d'un immeuble récent, mon appartement est chaleureux et personnalisé. Plongez dans mon univers et découvrez la vie parisienne. Situated in a recent building, my flat is nice and warm. You will appreciate its atmosphere. Come and try my parisian life	Proche de la ligne 1 du métro qui dessert directement le centre de Paris. Dans un quartier vivant et agréable du 12ème Arrondissement. Spacieux et confortable, bienvenue chez vous ! Nice and well-situated 2-room flat: perfect to live as a local. Au troisième étage d'un immeuble récent, mon appartement est chaleureux et personnalisé. Plongez dans mon univers et découvrez la vie parisienne. Situated in a recent building, my flat is nice and warm. You will appreciate its atmosphere. Come and try my parisian life Vous aurez accès à tout le logement. Je vous ai fait le maximum de places, mais quelques affaires peuplent encore les placards. You will have access to the entire flat. I made some room for your belongings, but there are still some of mines in the cupboards. Travaillant à temps plein en Agence de Voyage je serai à votre disposition pour vous aider à découvrir mon quartier et pour vous accueillir. Working as a travel agent, I will be at your disposal to give you some tips about my 
13382		Studio with a small bedroom nearby the metro station Nation, on a quiet courtyard. Can host 2 people or more, with a comfortable double bed and a sofa bed. 
13383		Sudio idéal pour un coupe en voyage, parquet et coco, accueillant et douillet, très bien chauffé, le quartier (12e) est central et bien pour le métro (ligne 1 - 8 + proche Nation), très calme et très lumineux. Vue panoramique & internet.
13384	Lumineux et très propre ! (non fumeur) Le salon dispose d'un grand canapé qui peut se déplier et faire un lit double (très confortable) supplémentaire	"Bel appartement 2 pièces 40m2 dans le quartier Daumesnil.  Chambre lit double, salon, grande cuisine indépendante et équipée (machine à café / gaz / congélateur...)  WC / salle de bain (avec baignoire) séparés  4ème étage avec ascenseur. Lumineux et très propre ! (non fumeur) Le salon dispose d'un grand canapé qui peut se déplier et faire un lit double (très confortable) supplémentaire Toutes les pièces, et tous les équipements (ustensiles de cuisine, machine à laver etc.) Disponible à votre arrivée pour vous laisser les clés, et au retour,  Je vis sur Paris depuis plusieurs années, du coup je pourrai vous conseiller les coins sympa à visiter Le quartier est calme et l'ambiance y fait assez village ! À deux pas de la ""coulée verte"" qui relie Vincennes à Bastille. Proche métro Daumesnil (ligne 6 et 8) Stationnement voiture très facile dans le quartier, gratuit les week-ends et le mois d'août Fluent in English!"
13385	"L'appartement est situé en rez-de-jardin. Les fenêtres donnent sur un jardin partagé, et c'est très agréable de pouvoir ""voir du vert"" depuis les fenêtres alors que nous sommes en plein Paris ! L'appartement est très lumineux, et nous n'entendons pas la circulation, mais plutôt les oiseaux ! L'appartement fait 37 m², ce qui n'est pas grand mais cela correspond à une taille plutôt normale pour un deux pièces à Paris. Notre cuisine est équipée (frigo, four, lave-vaisselle, grille-pain, blender...). Nous venons d'acheter un nouveau canapé qui se transforme en un lit deux places très confortable. Nous avons une grande télévision avec la TNT. La chambre est meublée d'un lit ""kingsize"" et d'un grand placard. Nous avons une baignoire dans la salle de bain, ainsi qu'une machine à laver."	"Nous sommes situés au cœur de Paris, dans un quartier très agréable où l'on vit comme dans un village ! Notre appartement est petit mais cosy et agréable à vivre, avec vue sur un jardin. L'appartement est situé en rez-de-jardin. Les fenêtres donnent sur un jardin partagé, et c'est très agréable de pouvoir ""voir du vert"" depuis les fenêtres alors que nous sommes en plein Paris ! L'appartement est très lumineux, et nous n'entendons pas la circulation, mais plutôt les oiseaux ! L'appartement fait 37 m², ce qui n'est pas grand mais cela correspond à une taille plutôt normale pour un deux pièces à Paris. Notre cuisine est équipée (frigo, four, lave-vaisselle, grille-pain, blender...). Nous venons d'acheter un nouveau canapé qui se transforme en un lit deux places très confortable. Nous avons une grande télévision avec la TNT. La chambre est meublée d'un lit ""kingsize"" et d'un grand placard. Nous avons une baignoire dans la salle de bain, ainsi qu'une machine à laver. L'appartement est situé"
13386	The flat is blend of : - a living room  - a kitchen - a bedroom - a bathroom with shower - separated toilet It's on the 5th floor with elevator and a nice clear view. Located in a quiet quarter, you have all the shops nearby. 	   In a calm quarter, close to  Bastille, Bercy and Nation; this comfortable flat will be perfect for your weekend in Paris. The flat is blend of : - a living room  - a kitchen - a bedroom - a bathroom with shower - separated toilet It's on the 5th floor with elevator and a nice clear view. Located in a quiet quarter, you have all the shops nearby.  The flat can comfortably accommodate two people. However, an air mattress (with seconds sheets and duvet) is at your disposal if you need place for to 2 more people. If you have any questions, we are at your disposal. Very good trip!
13387	"Sunny 2BD in the Bastille Nation area. Large family room, 2 large bedrooms and one bath. A small ""balcon"" to enjoy breakfast or a drink with view on Paris !"	"Sunny 2BD in the Bastille Nation area. Large family room, 2 large bedrooms and one bath. A small ""balcon"" to enjoy breakfast or a drink with view on Paris !"
13388	"Hello, I'm renting a flat in Paris. it's Located in the "" 12 "" arrondissement ( district ). There is 1 bedroom and one living room. it's a tipical parisian flat with wooden floor and moldings. it's has-been renovated. All the Necessary equipments available( a big flat screen tv with, a washing machine, a high spped internet connection . .. .. ). Its Located in the south east of Paris, near metro stations Two ( line 6 and 8 metro metro Dugommier Dausmenil ). It's a quiet neighborhood. I live on the fith floor but there is a lift. In front of the flat you have 2 supermarkets. It's very cosy .  If you want to rent a velib  ( the parisian  bicicle) there are many stations near my flat. From my district you can visit Paris by Bicycle. A If You Have Any Questions , You Can ask for anything. So see you soon in Paris . Best regards ."	"Hello, I'm renting a flat in Paris. it's Located in the "" 12 "" arrondissement ( district ). There is 1 bedroom and one living room. it's a tipical parisian flat with wooden floor and moldings.  Hello, I'm renting a flat in Paris. it's Located in the "" 12 "" arrondissement ( district ). There is 1 bedroom and one living room. it's a tipical parisian flat with wooden floor and moldings. it's has-been renovated. All the Necessary equipments available( a big flat screen tv with, a washing machine, a high spped internet connection . .. .. ). Its Located in the south east of Paris, near metro stations Two ( line 6 and 8 metro metro Dugommier Dausmenil ). It's a quiet neighborhood. I live on the fith floor but there is a lift. In front of the flat you have 2 supermarkets. It's very cosy .  If you want to rent a velib  ( the parisian  bicicle) there are many stations near my flat. From my district you can visit Paris by Bicycle. A If You Have Any Questions , You Can ask for anything. So see you"
13389	My cool and comfortable apartment which is renovate as new, has a real city feeling. It's  located at one minute from the station Nation ( 5 metro lines 1,2,6 and 9, RER A and several buses) a very safe area. Your are then at few minute of everything in Paris :-). Louvre, Sacré coeur, Eiffel Tower, Bastille .... The apartment has just been renovated as new by a great Italian Architect,  so you will enjoy all fresh amenities.	I really love my apartment in Paris which has two views;  street and internal court. The building in classified historical monument, that's great. It's close to the famous Place de la Nation and Bastille (in SAFE AREA. It comfortably fit two people for a great Parisian adventure. Remember you have a direct line - to Eiffel tower - Metro 9 - to Louvre Museum, Bastille and Concorde - Metro 1 - to Disneyland Paris - RER A - to Champs Elysee, Arc de Triomphe  - RERA - to ... Every attraction My cool and comfortable apartment which is renovate as new, has a real city feeling. It's  located at one minute from the station Nation ( 5 metro lines 1,2,6 and 9, RER A and several buses) a very safe area. Your are then at few minute of everything in Paris :-). Louvre, Sacré coeur, Eiffel Tower, Bastille .... The apartment has just been renovated as new by a great Italian Architect,  so you will enjoy all fresh amenities. You will get the full acces of the apartment and you won't be disturb by anyon
13390	Grand T1 meublé de 29m2, très lumineux, entièrement meublé.  Parfait pour un couple. -Pièce principale comprenant un coin chambre avec un lit double et un coin séjour (voir photos)  -Entrée  -Cuisine séparée et équipée (frigidaire, freezer, plaques de cuisson, four à micro-onde et chaleur tournante)  -Salle de bain avec baignoire (voir photos) 	Appartement 29m2. Lumineux, tout confort, entièrement meublé à Paris 12. Il peut accueillir deux personnes. Proche du bois de Vincennes et du nouveau quartier de Bercy, il est situé dans une rue calme. Vous serez rapidement à Bastille, Gare de Lyon Grand T1 meublé de 29m2, très lumineux, entièrement meublé.  Parfait pour un couple. -Pièce principale comprenant un coin chambre avec un lit double et un coin séjour (voir photos)  -Entrée  -Cuisine séparée et équipée (frigidaire, freezer, plaques de cuisson, four à micro-onde et chaleur tournante)  -Salle de bain avec baignoire (voir photos) Draps et serviettes fournis Vous serez seuls à occuper le logement. Je suis joignable par téléphone ou par e-mail pour échanger avant la sous-location. Je peux vous donner des conseils pour profiter au mieux de votre séjour à Paris. L'appartement est situé près de quartiers très vivants de paris, dans une rue très calme. Proche du bois de Vincennes et du nouveau quartier, très vivant, de Bercy (cinéma,
13391	Very bright and quiet. View over the rooftops. Old charm. Refurbished. Comfortable The 7th bed is a mattress for disposable child in the room(chamber) which you wish. We insist although it is a solution for child.	Appt clear and calm of 85 m2.  3 bedrooms: 1 with shower, 2 children with extra beds, 1 electric inflatable  mattress 1 person comfort. 1 bathroom  8th & top floor. Elevator until the 7th floor. Balcony. Metro 2mn. Very bright and quiet. View over the rooftops. Old charm. Refurbished. Comfortable The 7th bed is a mattress for disposable child in the room(chamber) which you wish. We insist although it is a solution for child. Apartment fully accessible to tenants. In the 12th district (the Paris green), the metro (line 8 2 minutes walk) close to shops (two supermarkets open until 22H, three bakeries, three pharmacies within 100m) bars and typical Parisian restaurants and a market twice a week: our apartment of 85 square meters offers a typical Parisian housing who want to discover the French capital. The area is both quiet and lively. A 5 minutes walk you can visit the Palace of the Golden Gate, tropical aquarium, zoo and bike rides or boat in the Bois de Vincennes, join Bastille walkin
13392	Top floor facing south on the course and it is particularly quiet and bright. Linen provided . 	For 4 persons in the  12th district. Comfortable and fully equipped. Entrance, living room (sofa bed), bedroom (bed 160*200), kitchen, and bathroom (toilet, shower). 5th and last floor (no lift). Close to métro Daumesnil and Cour St Emilion. Top floor facing south on the course and it is particularly quiet and bright. Linen provided . WIFI Kitchen with everything to cook or drink some good wines (wine glasses, raclette apparel, electric kettle, microwave, four, fridge, gas hob, toaster....) Washing machine, iron. Towels and linen. No smoking . We can help you to arrive and organise your stay in Paris. We share our favorite addresses in the neighborhood. We rent our flat when we leave Paris but we welcome before. Quiet area with many shops. Small neighborhood restaurant quality and inexpensive. Near Cours St Emilion, Bercy , Immigration Museum and Zoo de Vincennes, tree-lined promenade. Bois de Vincennes 10 minutes by walk. Close to 3 metro lines (6,8,14) Daumesnil, Dugommier, Cour St E
13393		Apparemment  35m2 à  20 minutes du  coeur de Paris, proche de  gare de Lyon et Bercy. (Entre  les  stations de Métro Bel Air ligne 6 et Michel Bizot ligne 8, ainsi que Daumesnil ligne 6 et 8).
13394		Typical parisian 1 bedroom apartment (chimney, wooden floor, courtyard). Fully renovated in 2006. Partially renovated in 2012. 48 m2 (or 518 square ft) and has large windows with natural lights. It's located 
13395		Domus Alberti is located on the fourth floor of a building with a lift of 1850, and it is an apartment of 240 square meters with 5 rooms and 5 private bathrooms, and a breakfast room 22 square meters. Now you are in Fori Imperiali room ------THE
13396		Very big appartement ( 85m2) and big room ( 18m2).  2 bathroom , One kitchen full equipement Close to every commodity and city-center ( 15min Maximum to the Chatelet - Saint michel and le Marée) -Metro at 100m  -Close to Bercy Park
13397	"The apartment ""Reuilly-Diderot"" ""is a studio of 21m². It is on the ground floor of a Parisian apartment which is located in the 12th district between the famous squares of the Nation, Cour Saint Emilion and the Bastille. The apartment is composed as follows:  1/ The kitchen is fully equipped. It includes a refrigerator / freezer, extractor fan, 2 electric hobs, convection oven, a microwave oven, washing machine, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, crockery, iron and an ironing board. 2/ The lounge includes a sofa bed 140x200, a flat screen TV, cable, comprising more than 100 French and international channels and free wifi. 3/ The bathroom includes a shower, toilet and sink with storage cabinet and hairdryer"	"The apartment ""Reuilly-Diderot"" ""is a studio of 21m². It is on the ground floor of a Parisian apartment which is located in the 12th district between the famous squares of the Nation, Cour Saint Emilion and the Bastille. The apartment is composed as follows:  1/ The kitchen is fully equipped. It includes a refrigerator / freezer, extractor fan, 2 electric hobs, convection oven, a microwave oven, washing machine, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, crockery, iron and an ironing board. 2/ The lounge includes a sofa bed 140x200, a flat screen TV, cable, comprising more than 100 French and international channels and free wifi. 3/ The bathroom includes a shower, toilet and sink with storage cabinet and hairdryer This peaceful and beautiful neighborhood full of restaurants, cafes, bakeries, supermarkets, shopes ready to wear, doctors, pharmacies and hospitals. 2 minutes walk to the subway Daumesnil, you can access quickly and directly to the main sights and monuments of Paris (The Nation place, t"
13398	Typical parisian flat 	"Paris Porte Dorée, 50m from metro line 8 Nice big room with double bed in the owner's flat Bathroom and toilet shared One other room occupy buy a quiet young guy Come to visit our beautiful town in a cosy place with all facilities ! Typical parisian flat  You can use the kitchen for breakfast (tea and coffee offer) but not cooking. I'm at your disposal for practices informations about Paris, I speak english and spanish. The neighborhood is very enjoyable, we have the ""bois de vincennes"", a very nice wood where we can walk and ride. We have one of the best bakery in Paris, where you'll find ""croissant"" ""baguette"" & co ! All practice shops are at few minutes. metro, bus, tramway, taxi and our famous ""velib"" (bicycle to rent) are just at the foot of home ! One another room is occupy by a quiet young guy. Sheets furnished, if possible bring your bath towels."
13399	This typical Parisian studio is located southeast of the city. Not far from the Place Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, ideal for a romantic break. This fully renovated apartment is on the floor spokes with a calm and pacefull court. Ideal for 4 people a mezzanine for two people and a sofa bed (22 square meters and 11 meters square yard) Kitchen: - Microwave / Oven / coffee machine / Fridge / freezer / All dishes cutlery and glaces/ hot plates Shower room: Italian shower, sink, toilet, towel and linens. A laundry (2 minutes by Walk). Free high-speed wireless / screen flat cable (over 100 channels)	"BEAU STUDIO LUMINEUX  dans le 12éme arrondissement de Paris  la ligne 1 de métro(Louvre, place de Concorde, Champs Elysées, Le Marais, Chatelet)a 5mn a pieds/la ligne 6 a 10mn a pieds(Trocadéro, Tour Eifel), le bois de Vincennes 1 station de Tramway This typical Parisian studio is located southeast of the city. Not far from the Place Trocadero and Eiffel Tower, ideal for a romantic break. This fully renovated apartment is on the floor spokes with a calm and pacefull court. Ideal for 4 people a mezzanine for two people and a sofa bed (22 square meters and 11 meters square yard) Kitchen: - Microwave / Oven / coffee machine / Fridge / freezer / All dishes cutlery and glaces/ hot plates Shower room: Italian shower, sink, toilet, towel and linens. A laundry (2 minutes by Walk). Free high-speed wireless / screen flat cable (over 100 channels) 2 metro stations ( 5 to 10  distance) :  - ""Porte de vincennes"" on Line 1  - ""Picpus"" on Line 6 La villa du Bel-Air: est une voie située dans le quarti"
13400		Bel appartement de 31 m² au sol lumineux comprenant: une salle de séjour, une chambre, une cuisine et une pièce d'eau avec wc.  En parfait état.
13401		Studio lumineux et calme de 20 m2 à proximité des transports et des commerces.  Cherche idéalement locataires pour des durées de 5 nuits et plus
13402	Appartement de 65m² situé au 7ème et donnant sur une cour calme.  Possibilité d'accueillir 4 personnes. Composé de 2 chambres avec lit double et d'un beau salon. 	    65m² donnant sur cour, très agréable avec beau salon et 2 chambres A 1 station de Gare de Lyon. Lovely 65 sqm apartmen near subway station. Ability to have more information.  Des travaux extérieurs ont lieux uniquement en journée la semaine. Appartement de 65m² situé au 7ème et donnant sur une cour calme.  Possibilité d'accueillir 4 personnes. Composé de 2 chambres avec lit double et d'un beau salon. Les voyageurs auront accès aux équipements que l'appartement disposent. Electroménager, appareils télévisés. Linge de lit et de toilette.  Ils ne va pas être possible de ranger ses habits dans les placard. Tout est plein, désolée.  Je ne serais pas présente dans l'appartement mais je serais sur Paris et joignable a tout moment. La coulé verte est en bas de l'appartement.  Le lac de Vincennes est à 2 stations de métro.  Le centre de Paris est accessible en 15 min de métro. Vous serez à proximité de tous commerces (banques, supermarchés, boulangerie, restaurants, marchés alimentaires…) T
13403		  studio tout confort indeoendant 1er étage dans petit immeuble calme de 2 étages salle d'eau sépareé douche xc lavabo kitchenette équipeé internet wifi..     
13404	Petite chambre de bonne soit quelque peu haute, mais calme et possédant tout le nécessaire pour passer quelques jours à Paris sans avoir à se soucier du logement.	Quartier calme, petite chambre/studio de 12m² au 6eme étage (sans ascenseur), avec canapé-lit double, douche, kitchenette, internet et wifi. Parfait pour quelques nuits à Paris en toute tranquillité ! Petite chambre de bonne soit quelque peu haute, mais calme et possédant tout le nécessaire pour passer quelques jours à Paris sans avoir à se soucier du logement. Tout l'appartement, puisque c'est une chambre de bonne, avec douche et kitchenette, avec toilettes sur le palier. Je vous laisse l'appartement en toute confiance, mais resterai joignable par téléphone en cas de problème. Quartier résidentiel très calme, et avec TOUT à moins de 5 minutes : supérette, super-marché, boulangerie, divers restaurants et traiteurs très goutus et bons marché, poste, cyber-café, pharmacie. Beau plus, à 10 minutes à pied de Cour-St-Emilion avec ses bars, boutiques et sont grand cinéma ! Ligne 6 Dugommier à 3 minutes, ligne 6 et 8 Daumesnil à 5 minutes, bus 64 et 87 à 1 minute, plus deux parkings Vélib' !
13405	A deux pas de la Gare de Lyon, au calme et charmant ! Very well located in central Paris, quite and charming appartment !	A deux pas de la Gare de Lyon, au calme et charmant ! Very well located in central Paris, quite and charming appartment ! Tous types de transports accessible à pied : -Gare de Lyon à 7 minutes (Trains régionaux, nationaux, internationaux) -Métros 1, 5 et 8 à une minute -Nombreux autobus -Parking voiture Vinci à 2 minutes  -Station Vélib' et Autolib' à 1 minutes  -Station taxi à 2 minutes Train station, subways, autobus, taxi, parking, rent bycicle and car, in less than 7 minutes walking ! Très peu vu que je serai absent :-( Not many because i'll travelling too... Tout les transports, restaurants, sorties, bar, opéra, théâtre, la Seine, port de plaisance, les parcs, tout est à proximité immédiate ! All kind of transport, restaurant, opéra, theater, bar, la Seine ... !
13406		"Studio of 27 m² for up to 4 pers . Ideally located with the 5 subway lines and the RERA which allow you to access directly and without losing time all the tourist and cultural attractions of Paris . You will have access to: -Sheets and towels -TV and WiFi internet -4 hotplate , oven , microwave -Coffeemaker -Washing machin -Hair dryer We'll see you at the time of checkin and checkout for the keys The apartment is located near the Bastille, in the district of Reuilly-Diderot, in a very lively area in the 11th arr. from Paris. This area hosts the oldest market in Paris, ""The Aligre market"", one of the biggest fruit and vegetable markets of Paris (every morning except Monday) without forgetting a visit by Graineterie, authentic boutique, and the market covered. The district has with numerous bars, cafes and restaurants close to the apartment. Ideal for curious gastronomes and tourists to discover a lively neighborhood of the capital. The apartment is well served by public transport and it"
13407	Next to the Paris Harbor, nice top wooden floor old Parisian apt with two bedrooms (one with a double bed, one with a single bed and a double sofa in the living room) within walking distance from central hotspot such as Le Marais, Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, bicycles, balcony etc... Internet, cable, modern kitchen and more. Small lift to 5th floor. Outdoor markets in the area, night life and sport grounds and protected cycle ways all around the location. Gay owner. Great starting point for walks. Entire apt. available for periods from 3 to 10 days or spare room for 1 person or 2 persons. Metered parking in the street or paying underground parking down the building. 	Next to the Paris Harbor, nice top wooden floor old Parisian apt with two bedrooms (one with a double bed, one with a single bed and a double sofa in the living room) within walking distance from central hotspot such as Le Marais, Ile Saint Louis, Bastille, bicycles, balcony etc... Internet, cable, modern kitchen and more. Small lift to 5th floor. Outdoor markets in the area, night life and sport grounds and protected cycle ways all around the location. Gay owner. Great starting point for walks. Entire apt. available for periods from 3 to 10 days or spare room for 1 person or 2 persons. Metered parking in the street or paying underground parking down the building. 
13408		Studio avec vue sur joli jardin, dans résidence calme. Equipé d'une cuisine, salle de bain avec baignoire et lave-linge,TV, Wi-Fi. A 3 minutes à pied du METRO, TRAMWAY ou BUS. A 5 minutes du lac daumesnil, à l'entrée du bois de vincennes. Commerces à proximité métro ligne 8 ou Tram ligne 3 arrêt porte de Charenton à 3 minutes à pied.  Quartier animé de Bastille à 15 min en métro. Bus 87: ligne directe vers la tour Eiffel en 35 min, gare de Lyon à 10 min.
13409	Vous êtes situé au 4 ème étage, dans une rue calme à proximité immédiate de la Bastille. Séjour très clair sur rue (3 fenêtres) avec salon, salle à manger. Chambre sur cour avec TV. Salle de bains avec douche italienne et WC. Il est aisé de se préparer un repas dans la cuisine parfaitement équipée : cuisinière à gaz, four traditionnel, réfrigérateur congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. Eau chaude et chauffage au gaz, connexion @ wifi haut débit, enceinte Bose mini sound, cafetière Nespresso, grille pain, confiture maison ……. 	Venez faire halte chez moi, au calme au cœur d'un quartier animé. De Bastille, à toute proximité du Marais et de la Place des Vosges, toutes les explorations de Paris sont aisées. Vous êtes situé au 4 ème étage, dans une rue calme à proximité immédiate de la Bastille. Séjour très clair sur rue (3 fenêtres) avec salon, salle à manger. Chambre sur cour avec TV. Salle de bains avec douche italienne et WC. Il est aisé de se préparer un repas dans la cuisine parfaitement équipée : cuisinière à gaz, four traditionnel, réfrigérateur congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge. Eau chaude et chauffage au gaz, connexion @ wifi haut débit, enceinte Bose mini sound, cafetière Nespresso, grille pain, confiture maison ……. Avant de rejoindre la place des Vosges et le quartier du Marais situés de l’autre côté de la place, vous pouvez emprunter la Coulée Verte, promenade aménagée sur l'ancienne ligne de chemin de fer et située sur le viaduc  des arts. Ainsi, vous dominerez la ville. A ne pas manquer, à 10
13410		Appartement lumineux, entièrement rénové au calme dans une résidence sécurisée avec ascenseur, situé dans le 12eme a proximité du metro dugommier. à 100 mètres du metro Dugommier (ligne 6) et 300 mètres du metro Daumesnil (ligne 8)
13411		In a very big Haussman flat, with wonderful view over Paris from the balconies. Kitchen, bathroom and toilets to share with very friendly flatmates. Close to bakeries and cafes, it's the perfect place to stay for anybody visiting the capitale.  Very nice area around, little market and authentic parisian life ... Gare de Lyon is one of the central hubs for transportation in Paris. A lot of metro lines and trains. The metro lines (m1 & m14) are two of the best in Paris and bring you straight into the heart of Paris in under 5 minutes. The rent is to take for at least 3 weeks. 
13412	We have 2 rooms, one with a Queen bed, and other with a covertable sofa, easily accomodates 4 guests ,extra guest 25Euro It's nicely furnished appartement, with an equipped kitchen including microwave and refridgerator. Private bath with shower	Beautiful 2 room appartement in the  Center of Paris, few steps from Metro station Gare De Lyon, 30 square meters, in a very quite street with no traffic,  Windows open onto a small  garden.  Beautiful place to enjoy Paris We have 2 rooms, one with a Queen bed, and other with a covertable sofa, easily accomodates 4 guests ,extra guest 25Euro It's nicely furnished appartement, with an equipped kitchen including microwave and refridgerator. Private bath with shower freewiffi Keys will be provided at check inn with telephone numbers for any questions Few steps from Bastille, Metro and Bus lines within one block, many shops and nice restaurants with in walking distance From Charles De Gaul we need to take the RER train to Paris, come out in Chatelet Les Halles, and change for line No 1 to get to Gare De Lyon French and English speaking  Check in at 14.30 pm Check out 12 pm Depending on the situation allowances may be made for an earlier check in or a late check out There will be extra 20 e
13413	véritable deux pièces permettant également un séjour à 2 parents et 1 (ou 2) enfants	véritable deux pièces permettant également un séjour à 2 parents et 1 (ou 2) enfants cuisine, séjour, sallle de bain, coin bureau échanges mails et téléphone une personne d'accueil / départ (réception, assistance) est également en place lorsque je suis absent tout est à disposition en permanence: commerces multiples, restaurants, marchés, animations  le vrai paris vivant à quelques mn des lieux touristiques accès très facile métro à 20 m (ligne 1 pour tout paris centre et monuments, 8 pour grands boulevards et magasins)
13414	"Appartement, style loft, très spacieux et calme. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes dans les 3 chambres. Le séjour et les chambres donnent sur une cour intérieure avec jardin. Chaque chambre a une salle de bain privative. Si vous souhaitez réserver plus d'une chambre n'hésitez pas à nous demander le tarif spécial. La Chambre ""Rendez-vous"" dispose d'un grand lit (160x200cm) ou de 2 lits séparés (2x80x200cm). Un lit bas single supplémentaire est possible."	"Très bien situé et très calme dans PARIS 12ème. 3 chambres disponibles. Chambre confortable, avec un grand lit (160x200) ou 2 lits séparés. Salle de bain privative. Proche des attractions touristiques, restaurants, cafés, magasins, marchés... Appartement, style loft, très spacieux et calme. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 8 personnes dans les 3 chambres. Le séjour et les chambres donnent sur une cour intérieure avec jardin. Chaque chambre a une salle de bain privative. Si vous souhaitez réserver plus d'une chambre n'hésitez pas à nous demander le tarif spécial. La Chambre ""Rendez-vous"" dispose d'un grand lit (160x200cm) ou de 2 lits séparés (2x80x200cm). Un lit bas single supplémentaire est possible. Wi-fi gratuit. Piano dans le séjour à votre disposition. Livres et informations touristiques à disposition. On parle anglais, espagnol et français. Je vous ferai profiter de mes recommandations si vous le souhaitez, tout en respectant votre autonomie. - Une large variété de restaurants, cafés, "
13415	The flat is very cosy and is about 40m². It is well localized near Lyon train station in the 12th.We will share it with you but you'll have the bedroom with a real bed. We'd be very happy to receive people who speak english, spanish and portuguese!  We're doing this experience on airbnb to have the opportunity to speak English, Spanish and Portuguese so we'll feel like we're traveling! We'll be in the appartment too so we hope to have many interetsing exchanges.  Everything you need is close. Grocery shopping, subway etc... sub: Reuilly Diderot (1 or 8) This website is great to find your way to get to our place: vianavigo 	The flat is very cosy and is about 40m². It is well localized near Lyon train station in the 12th.We will share it with you but you'll have the bedroom with a real bed. We'd be very happy to receive people who speak english, spanish and portuguese!  We're doing this experience on airbnb to have the opportunity to speak English, Spanish and Portuguese so we'll feel like we're traveling! We'll be in the appartment too so we hope to have many interetsing exchanges.  Everything you need is close. Grocery shopping, subway etc... sub: Reuilly Diderot (1 or 8) This website is great to find your way to get to our place: vianavigo
13416		We propose to you a 20 square-meter apartment recently renovated by an architect. Located in a really nice area, near Marché d'Aligre and Coulée Verte (similar to NY Highline). 7' walk to Bastille and Gare de Lyon 20' walk to Le Marais    Perfect location to go to : - Disneyland Paris (direct by RER A) - Champs-Elysées (direct by RER A or Subway Line 1) - Ile de la Cité and Ile Saint Louis (nice walk from Arsenal Harbour near Bastille) Optional Breakfast Basket: 10€/pers. Per person : bread (1/2 baguette), 1 danish (choice between : croissant, chocolat danish (pain au chocolat), brioche, raisin danish (pain aux raisins) or apple turnover (chausson aux pommes), jam, butter, orange juice (freshly squeezed) and 1 hot drink (choice between coffee, coffee with milk (café au lait) , tea or chocolate). Extra : 1 boiled egg +1€ , 2 waffles +2€ 
13417	Sunny and quiet, decorated by myself!	5th floor flat in a quiet street, with one spacious bedroom, a living room, a separated kitchen, a bathroom and a long balcony where you can drink french wine enjoying the last rays of sun! Frenchy neighborhood in the center, near La Bastille. Great food market on the mornings at the end of the street! 4 minutes away from subways line 1 and 8, 8 minutes away from the train station Gare de Lyon.
13418	L'appartement est situé au fond d'une cours il est très calme . Immeuble charmant 1930. L'appartement peut recevoir 3 personnes maximum. 	Appartement entièrement rénové tout confort 2/3 pièces, 2 chambres, une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine équipée,micro-onde cafetière Nespresso,lave vaisselle,machine à laver séchante,salon.situé près du bois, de la coulée verte,du lac, zoo. L'appartement est situé au fond d'une cours il est très calme . Immeuble charmant 1930. L'appartement peut recevoir 3 personnes maximum.  Interdiction de fumer svp  Je serais là pour donner les clés et pour transmettre les explications utiles pour le séjour dans l'appartement et la ville Le lac Dausmenil, la coulée verte l'aquarium de la Porte Dorée le zoo de Vincennes le bois de vincennes le Château de Vincennes le parc floral, le printemps nation, la Bastille. Metro Michel Bizot métro bel air tramway montempoivre bus 64 Je voudrais récupérer l'appartement aussi propre que je l'ai laissé merci :-)
13419	The house is  592 p2 with a  645 p2 very cute private garden, ground-floor, no stairs , very very quiet and no face to face. Extremly rare into Paris! - A living room with a very comfortable convertible sofa (2 places). - One big bedroom with one single-bed and another single bed in mezzanine - Another bedroom with two single bed - A large and fully equiped  kitchen, where you can eat comfortably. - a shower room and a separate WC and a wash basin - In the garden, you will appreciate a large cover terrace,  with garden furnitures.   an ideal place to eat. You can use a plancha (barbecue).  There's a second terrace (not covered) very sunny. Concerning the garden, I will ask you to water it regularly....  There will be 3 adorable cats living all around the year in the house. Don't worry, they never scratch, and they do their business in the ground, outside of the house and the garden.  So you won't have to soucy about that, just give some croquette, caress and love. TRANSPORTATION :  The	The house is  592 p2 with a  645 p2 very cute private garden, ground-floor, no stairs , very very quiet and no face to face. Extremly rare into Paris! - A living room with a very comfortable convertible sofa (2 places). - One big bedroom with one single-bed and another single bed in mezzanine - Another bedroom with two single bed - A large and fully equiped  kitchen, where you can eat comfortably. - a shower room and a separate WC and a wash basin - In the garden, you will appreciate a large cover terrace,  with garden furnitures.   an ideal place to eat. You can use a plancha (barbecue).  There's a second terrace (not covered) very sunny. Concerning the garden, I will ask you to water it regularly....  There will be 3 adorable cats living all around the year in the house. Don't worry, they never scratch, and they do their business in the ground, outside of the house and the garden.  So you won't have to soucy about that, just give some croquette, caress and love. TRANSPORTATION :  The
13420		Cozy and comfortable apartment facing a 18th century historical building! It comfortably fits one person and is located  in the Nation neighborhood (12th). Enjoy a great setting and easy access. 
13421		A newly renovated 18m2 studio on the 4th floor (no elevator) of a classic Parisian building in a calm neighborhood. Metros Dugommier, Bercy, and Daumesnil are a 2-5 minute walk away and will quickly take you anywhere in the city!
13422	...Want to know more after checking my place? Read my guests comments! They loved their stay and awarded me a Super Host Award in 2015!.. ***ANIMAL LOVERS*** My lovely and quiet cat will remain in the apartment during any stay. ***GENUINELY PARISIAN*** Genuine Parisian style: wooden floors from 1900, chimneys and outstanding moldings on the ceiling. Quiet, sunny, renovated (brand new windows and radiators). Unobstructed views: located on the 4th floor (no elevator). ***FEATURES*** The apartment has a living room (sleeps 1*), a master bedroom (brand new luxury king bed,  sleeps 2), a bathroom (XL shower), a separated toilet and a fully equipped kitchen. ***INCLUDED FOR FREE*** - super high speed WIFI, cable TV - sets of fresh linens for the bed and 3 towels per person and per week - beauty set (soap, shampoo, air dryer, scale) - choice of pillows - Paris guides and maps incl. a personal selection of amazing places in the neighborhood and around ***ADDITIONAL SERVICES*** Pick the service	Ideal for business travelers and couples who want to discover Paris.  Live and love Paris like a Parisian in this sunny and comfy apartment! This is a super central location to enjoy Paris  and reach any point in no time (walk, metro, taxi, bike). ...Want to know more after checking my place? Read my guests comments! They loved their stay and awarded me a Super Host Award in 2015!.. ***ANIMAL LOVERS*** My lovely and quiet cat will remain in the apartment during any stay. ***GENUINELY PARISIAN*** Genuine Parisian style: wooden floors from 1900, chimneys and outstanding moldings on the ceiling. Quiet, sunny, renovated (brand new windows and radiators). Unobstructed views: located on the 4th floor (no elevator). ***FEATURES*** The apartment has a living room (sleeps 1*), a master bedroom (brand new luxury king bed,  sleeps 2), a bathroom (XL shower), a separated toilet and a fully equipped kitchen. ***INCLUDED FOR FREE*** - super high speed WIFI, cable TV - sets of fresh linens for the be
13423	"Grand appartement situé au 2eme étage sans vis-à-vis, dans un immeuble très calme.  2 chambres avec salle de bains chacune avec baignoire, possibilité de 2 couchages supplémentaires - canapé convertible. Moulures au plafond, superbe parquet à l'ancienne...  Un appartement de standing au décor parisien, meubles et objets de collection français. De plus, un jardin semi-privé au rdc avec table et chaises peut vous permettre de prendre l'apéro ""au frais"". Large apartment located on the 2nd floor with clear view, in a very quiet building. 2 bedrooms each with bathroom with bath, possibility of 2 extra beds – convertible sofa. Crown molding, beautiful old parquet floors ... A luxury apartment in the Parisian décor, furniture and objects of French collection."	A 5mns de Bercy Village, bel appartement de 90 m² avec moulures, parquet, cheminées... Belle réception, double séjour de 40 m², 2 chambres avec salle de bains privative, 2 salles de bains, cuisine séparée tout équipée. Proche transports et commerces. Grand appartement situé au 2eme étage sans vis-à-vis, dans un immeuble très calme.  2 chambres avec salle de bains chacune avec baignoire, possibilité de 2 couchages supplémentaires - canapé convertible. Moulures au plafond, superbe parquet à l'ancienne...  Un appartement de standing au décor parisien, meubles et objets de collection français. Large apartment located on the 2nd floor with clear view, in a very quiet building. 2 bedrooms each with bathroom with bath, possibility of 2 extra beds – convertible sofa. Crown molding, beautiful old parquet floors ... A luxury apartment in the Parisian décor, furniture and objects of French collection. Télévision par câble - Salon et chambre Internet - Wifi - imprimante Lave et sèche linges Lave-v
13424	Appartement en bois vitres dans petit immeuble avec ascenseur privatif. Agréable calme et spacieux.	Triplex avec 3 terrasses et ascenseur privatif dans immeuble récent et moderne. Quartier calme et familiale à deux pas du métro et de la coulée verte. A 5mn de nation. 2 chambres a chaque étage avec leur salle de bain et un étage avec salon et cuisine française. Appartement en bois vitres dans petit immeuble avec ascenseur privatif. Agréable calme et spacieux. Wifi Cuisine aménagée avec piano 3 terrasses  Barbecue Piano Pas forcément Calme et familiale, le quartier est pourtant animé! A deux pas de la coulée verte, des métros et quelques restaurants... Direct pour la Tour Eiffel et 15mn du centre ville. Metro bel air ou picpus. A 5mn à pied de nation. En voiture (possibilité de garage 10€/jour)  Porte de Vincennes ou Porte Dorée. Longer le métro sur boulevard de picpus puis prendre rue Leroy Dupré sur votre droite, puis tout de suite à gauche dans la rue Sibuet puis tout de suite à droit dans la rue Mousset Robert. L'immeuble fait le coin. Mettez vous au coin pour décharger vos bagages
13425		Studio de 25m2 refait à neuf récemment avec SDB et cuisine séparée. Moderne, propre, calme et tout équipé (TV, accès internet, ventilateur, sèche cheveux, vaisselle, frigo, plaques...). Bien desservi (Metro 1,2,6,9 et RER A). Parfait pour 1 pers ou couple. Station Nation : Metro 1, 2, 6, 9 et RER A Station Picpus : Metro 6 Nombreuses bornes Vélib Bus
13426	A  quiet place in a safe place. Elevator. 1 large bedroom. A large kitchen and bathroom that will ease your stay	1 bedroom newly renovated in a typical parisian building 50m from the subway station Picpus. Can host 4 people. 15 min bike ride or metro you'll be in the center of paris.  A  quiet place in a safe place. Elevator. 1 large bedroom. A large kitchen and bathroom that will ease your stay wifi furnished kitchen,  The appartment is for you but I will be here if anything needed The neiborhood is safe and quiet but has everything I can ask for: boulangerie, fromagerie, supermarket, bar and nice restaurants. Close to bois de vincennes but as well from paris nightlife. 50m from picpus (line 6) or 7min walk from nation (line 1,2,6,9, RER A) many bus
13427	The flat is only 3 minutes walk from 2 of the main metro lines (line 1 and line 8), but really, one can walk anywhere from there. Bastille is a short 15 minutes walk, with all its bars, restaurants and nice terrasses. There is also a Velib station right at the corner, and I never struggle for a parking space with the car.	"A very bright  ""2 pièces"", with large windows in every room. Neutrally but tastefully ;-) decorated. You will love the area, a 15 minutes walk from Bastille, rue de Charonne and all the cool spots. The flat is right above a great bakery so you can be sure you will be awoken by the smell of fresh croissant in the morning. There are also bars, restaurants, and supermarkets right downstairs. It is only 3 minutes walk from 2 of the main metro lines (line 1 and line 8, Reuilly-Diderot station), but really, one can walk anywhere from there. Bastille is a short 15 minutes walk, with all its bars, restaurants and nice terrasses. And the lively and typical marché d'Aligre is only 10 minutes, if you want to buy fresh food any day of the week. There is also a Velib station right at the corner, and I never struggle for a parking space with the car..."
13428	"Great area to discover Paris: Bastille and Marais are at walking distance. Metro Ledru Rollin at  50 m, buses and  train station ""gare de Lyon"" at walking distance. "	"We rent our apartment in Paris 12 (Rue Traversière, Metro Ledru Rollin), fully furnished, very quiet in a great area (Bastille - Gare de Lyon à 5 min à pied), very central with everything you need at walking distance. 3rd floor without elevator. Great area to discover Paris: Bastille and Marais are at walking distance. Metro Ledru Rollin at  50 m, buses and  train station ""gare de Lyon"" at walking distance.  The apartment is fully equipped and everything is usable for the guests. Discussion by email and telephone before and during the stay."
13429	a room equipped with a king-sized bed in a nice old flat (52 m2) eastern side of Paris. 1 mn walking from metro station porte de vincennes, the apartment is fully equipped. Available during August.  Ideal for young couples visiting Paris.	a room equipped with a king-sized bed in a nice old flat (52 m2) eastern side of Paris. 1 mn walking from metro station porte de vincennes, the apartment is fully equipped. Available during August.  Ideal for young couples visiting Paris. All common space : living room, kitchen, toilet and bathroom You will be sharing the flat with a young friendly guy. 1 mn walking from metro station Porte de Vincennes
13430	This newly renovated apartment combines modern chic with the original structure of this 18th century building. On a quiet street just a few minutes walking distance from the Bastille and the Marais, you will also be close to the new Opera and the picturesque and lively Marché Aligre. Although not well known, but certainly worth visiting, the Marché Aligre is a wonderful market place, both covered and open-air, with lots of twisting alleyways between vendors, a colorful display of fruits and vegetables, various shops and cafés, and bustling with activity. Take time to explore this area. Nearby, a walk over to Bastille provides an array of restaurants and cafés to choose from, as well as bakeries, butchers, clothes stores and more. From here, you are just a short walk from the Marais and the exquisitely beautiful Place des Vosges. The Marais, the oldest neighborhood in Paris, is considered one of the best areas for clothes shopping. The apartment, right next to metro stops Ledru Rollin a	This newly renovated apartment combines modern chic with the original structure of this 18th century building. On a quiet street just a few minutes walking distance from the Bastille and the Marais, you will also be close to the new Opera and the picturesque and lively Marché Aligre. Although not well known, but certainly worth visiting, the Marché Aligre is a wonderful market place, both covered and open-air, with lots of twisting alleyways between vendors, a colorful display of fruits and vegetables, various shops and cafés, and bustling with activity. Take time to explore this area. Nearby, a walk over to Bastille provides an array of restaurants and cafés to choose from, as well as bakeries, butchers, clothes stores and more. From here, you are just a short walk from the Marais and the exquisitely beautiful Place des Vosges. The Marais, the oldest neighborhood in Paris, is considered one of the best areas for clothes shopping. The apartment, right next to metro stops Ledru Rollin a
13431	Duration : minimum 3 nights stay Amenities:  Sheets and towels Pots and pans for cooking, toaster, coffee machine Microwave and traditional oven Internet/wifi Dishwasher and washing machine No TV/Audio device but books !	A peaceful, bright and cozy flat in vibrant and safe 12th arr., suitable for 1 or 2 people Perfect location to enjoy Paris and rest after a busy day in the city  Great food , cafes, transportation and parks nearby Duration : minimum 3 nights stay Amenities:  Sheets and towels Pots and pans for cooking, toaster, coffee machine Microwave and traditional oven Internet/wifi Dishwasher and washing machine No TV/Audio device but books ! Entire flat plus use of a closet Arrival/departure available for any question during the stay The neighborhood is residential and very safe  Bois de Vincennes, parc de Bercy and coulée verte are 5mn away  Lots of shops, restaurants and cafes nearby, fresh food market twice a week.  Literally next door you will find a bakery, a bookshop, a wine and liquor shop, the BEST cheese shop , a fishery. supermarket is round the corner. Location is super convenient with 3 metro lines to be reached in less than 5mn walk:  line  6  (Dugommier) 8 (Daumesnil), 14 (Bercy/st 
13432	Très belle appartement neuf d'environ 80 mètres carré en rez de chaussée donnant sur un espace vert.  L'appartement possède trois chambres, deux sont équipés d'un lit deux places, la troisième d'un lit surposé d'une place et d'un clic clac deux places.  Le canapé du salon est convertible en lit deux places.  La capacité d'accueil de l'appartement est donc de neuf personnes.  Idéal pour familles et/ou amis. Pendant toute la durée de votre séjour, l'appartement sera totalement à votre disposition.  Vous bénéficiez d'un accès internet, machine à laver et d'une cuisine équipé.  Si vous le désirez, possibilité de louer un rétroprojecteur (il n'y a pas de télévision mais il est possible d'accéder à la télévision par le rétroprojecteur) Je ne serai pas présent pendant la durée de votre séjour mais je logerai à quelques minutes de l'appartement donc je serai toujours disponible en cas de problème ou si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit.  De plus, je serai présente au moment du check-in et d	4 pièces spacieux et lumineux a deux pas de la mairie du douzième arrondissement, proche de nombreux transport (Metro, RER,gare TGV). Terrasse en rez de chaussée pour profiter du soleil parisien dans un petit coin calme a deux pas de la coulée verte Très belle appartement neuf d'environ 80 mètres carré en rez de chaussée donnant sur un espace vert.  L'appartement possède trois chambres, deux sont équipés d'un lit deux places, la troisième d'un lit surposé d'une place et d'un clic clac deux places.  Le canapé du salon est convertible en lit deux places.  La capacité d'accueil de l'appartement est donc de neuf personnes.  Idéal pour familles et/ou amis. Pendant toute la durée de votre séjour, l'appartement sera totalement à votre disposition.  Vous bénéficiez d'un accès internet, machine à laver et d'une cuisine équipé.  Si vous le désirez, possibilité de louer un rétroprojecteur (il n'y a pas de télévision mais il est possible d'accéder à la télévision par le rétroprojecteur) Je ne sera
13433	Lumineux et vue traversante, cosy, meublé avec goût, calme et proche de tous commerces et transports.	Lumineux et vue traversante, cosy, meublé avec goût, calme et proche de tous commerces et transports. Transports très proches et tous commerces, ainsi qu'un grand marché le mardi et samedi  La beauté et son calme Métro Daumesnil et bus
13434	Last floor WITHOUT LIFT (6th but totally worth it and we can help you if you have a lot of luggage) nice and quiet, sunny and cosy, recently renovated, modern flat which will be like a castle for 2, nice for 4 and could suits for 5-6 also but only if the 2 more people are children. CAUTION : A cat lives in the flat, but not when you rent it, unless you want a feline company during your stay in Paris. It has everything you need for visiting or staying in Paris for work, fully equipped, except for the jacuzzi and the balcony for sun-baths lovers. Well exposed to sun-light, it is located in a corner of residences that dosen't allow disturbing sounds from cars or horns or circus-cars to wake you up or simply disconnect you from your daily meditation. 100m from metro station Porte de Vincennes, line 1, which leads to the main touristic / mainstream areas in Paris and one stop from Nation : RER 1 - line 1 - line 2 - line 9. about 500m to Picpus metro station on line 6 that can get you easily	Last floor WITHOUT LIFT (6th but totally worth it and we can help you if you have a lot of luggage) nice and quiet, sunny and cosy, recently renovated, modern flat which will be like a castle for 2, nice for 4 and could suits for 5-6 also but only if the 2 more people are children. CAUTION : A cat lives in the flat, but not when you rent it, unless you want a feline company during your stay in Paris. It has everything you need for visiting or staying in Paris for work, fully equipped, except for the jacuzzi and the balcony for sun-baths lovers. Well exposed to sun-light, it is located in a corner of residences that dosen't allow disturbing sounds from cars or horns or circus-cars to wake you up or simply disconnect you from your daily meditation. 100m from metro station Porte de Vincennes, line 1, which leads to the main touristic / mainstream areas in Paris and one stop from Nation : RER 1 - line 1 - line 2 - line 9. about 500m to Picpus metro station on line 6 that can get you easily
13435	Our place is really comfortable, welcoming and cosy. We're sure you'll feel good there. 	Our renovated flat is large and luminous. There are 2 bedrooms, we'll be glad to put one at your disposal. Located at the heart of Paris, the neighborhood is quiet, lots of proximity shops, places for sport, walk, with gardens, and a nice lake.  Our place is really comfortable, welcoming and cosy. We're sure you'll feel good there.  A room will be on your disposable. You'll be welcomed to take your breakfast in the loving room or to cook in the kitchen if you want to.  There is a big bathroom you'll be able to use.  The apartment is a the 4th floor (with elevator !). We obviously provide you sheets and towels.  We can't wait to meet you and to share our tips on Paris with you. If we cannot be there, we'll let you know.  Our neighborhood is very nice and quiet. You can go to the market in the morning to discover the parisian life. You can play tennis, run, swimming, play football. If it's sunny, you'll be able to make the boat on the lake in the Bois de Vincennes. There are a lots of ni
13436		Appartement moderne profitant d'une splendide terrasse, très bien exposée et silencieuse.  2 pièces de 38 m2 disposant d'un grand salon avec cuisine ouverte, 1 chambre ainsi qu'une salle de bain avec baignoire. Quartier vert et calme. Ligne 1 Porte de Vincennes
13437	Well located in Paris, my apartment is newly renovated. CHECK-IN weekday : before 8h45 - after 18h30 CHECK-IN weekend : all day long	"My small but cosy 2 rooms appartment has a living room with (smart)TV and a bedroom with a big bed! Well located in a nice area of the twelve arrondissement, it is close by metro station DUGOMMIER I sleep on the sofa bed. No smocking Well located in Paris, my apartment is newly renovated. CHECK-IN weekday : before 8h45 - after 18h30 CHECK-IN weekend : all day long Cour St Emilion : pedestrian street which offers bars, restaurants and shops Bercy : the place for the best concert in town Bercy Park : beautiful area to take a moment off the city The Seine (river) will take you to Notre Dame (walk) I work full time so during the week I will only be there at night. I am quite busy on the weekend too Monoprix (supermarket), cheese shop, bakery, bars, ""bistro"" (= typical parisian restaurant), wine shop, tuesday&fiday morning market are the best my neighborhood can offer! metro : M6, M8, M14 bus : B64, B89"
13438	Notre appartement est fonctionnel et lumineux, dans un immeuble très calme. La chambre est grande et a une grande fenêtre sans vis à vis.  Une bouilloire et des produits d'hygiène sont laissés à votre disposition.  L'appartement est au 4ème étage.	Cette chambre est l'une de nos deux chambres de l'appartement. Nous sommes deux sœurs vivant ensemble et pouvant nous arranger pour louer une des chambres de temps à autre.  Cette pièce est lumineuse toute la journée, sans vis à vis et très calme. Vous y aurez à disposition une bouilloire et du thé /café soluble. Nous partagerons la salle de bain.  Pour un supplément de 7€/personne nous pouvons vous préparer un petit déjeuner sain et biologique. Notre appartement est fonctionnel et lumineux, dans un immeuble très calme. La chambre est grande et a une grande fenêtre sans vis à vis.  Une bouilloire et des produits d'hygiène sont laissés à votre disposition.  L'appartement est au 4ème étage. Chambre  Salle de bain partagée Parisienne depuis dix ans pour notre grand plaisir, nous pourrons discuter avec vous des endroits touristiques et moins touristiques, à Paris et en petite banlieue ! Notre appartement est située dans un quartier résidentiel et pratique du 12ème arrondissement. Les nuits
13439	The apartment is nice and cozy, with lots of wood and colours.  There is a kitchen with a table for breakfast in the morning and a connected living room, with a very comfortable sofa and chairs, ideal for watching movies or relaxing with a book. One bathroom to be shared with us, a young family with one baby. The apartment is on the 6th floor, allowing a nice view on the Parisian boulevards.	One bedroom in a bright and cozy apartment next to Gare de Lyon, ideal for travellers coming to Paris for work or pleasure. Next to Bastille, Marche d'Aligre and many bars and restaurants it's a lovely room in a charming apartment. The apartment is nice and cozy, with lots of wood and colours.  There is a kitchen with a table for breakfast in the morning and a connected living room, with a very comfortable sofa and chairs, ideal for watching movies or relaxing with a book. One bathroom to be shared with us, a young family with one baby. The apartment is on the 6th floor, allowing a nice view on the Parisian boulevards. The apartment is on the 6th floor, there is no elevator. We'll be sharin the flat with you, and we'll be always available for help or questions. The neighbourhood is fantastic, full of bars, restaurants, supermarkets etc.  The flat is just around the corner from the famous Marché d'Aligre, a great food market very appreciated by Parisians. Bastille is just 10 minutes wal
13440	The apartment is a loft of 85m2. Located on a high floor with elevator, you'll be charmed by the courtyard on which it gives (consisting of workshops). Comfortable and bright, it offers large spaces and all the facilities necessary for your stay. With an entrance that distributes the bathroom (with bathtub) and living room (living space, dining space and open kitchen fully equipped), the beautiful bedroom (double bed), there is also a laundry room with washing machine.Another hand, each of its rooms overlook the courtyard, which will allow you to be quiet at any time of day or night ... it is in our opinion a big plus when you will need to rest after a day of sightseeing ;) The kitchen and bathroom are modern and functional. You will normally find everything you might need : dishes and cutlery, towels and bath linens we provide, necessary to cook.  The living space offers comfortable sofas, a TV and internet access in wireless broadband. For groups of more than 2 guest, an additional d	    In a courtyard, the loft is a former workshop which has been rehabilitated. It is bright (high floor and building with elevator) and comfortable. Its livingroom and bedroom will make the perfect base for a family or group of friends    The apartment is a loft of 85m2. Located on a high floor with elevator, you'll be charmed by the courtyard on which it gives (consisting of workshops). Comfortable and bright, it offers large spaces and all the facilities necessary for your stay. With an entrance that distributes the bathroom (with bathtub) and living room (living space, dining space and open kitchen fully equipped), the beautiful bedroom (double bed), there is also a laundry room with washing machine.Another hand, each of its rooms overlook the courtyard, which will allow you to be quiet at any time of day or night ... it is in our opinion a big plus when you will need to rest after a day of sightseeing ;) The kitchen and bathroom are modern and functional. You will normally find ev
13441	Nice and cosy 70 m2 flat ( Large living room kitchen + 2 bedrooms), bright, without face to face, at 3rd floor with ascenceur,  - 2 bedrooms with view on a garden: 1 bedroom with a 140x200 bed  and 1 bedroom with 2 90x200 beds (with possibility to add a mattress 170x60). For childrens : games, books, playing ground at 200m. - Large living room opened on a  very well equiped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, cooker (induction), oven, diswasher, washing machine, coffee machine (Nespresso) and many cooking equipments ...), dining area and large sofa with cosy pillows ! - Bathroom with bathtub. Sheets and towels supplied. At your disposal TV, internet by WiFi, hi-fi system. District with numerous bars, restaurants, small shops and supermarkets. Outside market on every Wednesday and Saturday. Very good situation to visit Paris and its surroundings !!!! Very close to Nation station, very well desserved.  Subway line 1: direct to Bastille, Le Marais, Chatelet, Le Louvre, Champs-Elysées, Etoile,	Nice and cosy 70 m2 flat ( Large living room kitchen + 2 bedrooms), bright, without face to face, at 3rd floor with ascenceur,  - 2 bedrooms with view on a garden: 1 bedroom with a 140x200 bed  and 1 bedroom with 2 90x200 beds (with possibility to add a mattress 170x60). For childrens : games, books, playing ground at 200m. - Large living room opened on a  very well equiped kitchen (refrigerator, freezer, cooker (induction), oven, diswasher, washing machine, coffee machine (Nespresso) and many cooking equipments ...), dining area and large sofa with cosy pillows ! - Bathroom with bathtub. Sheets and towels supplied. At your disposal TV, internet by WiFi, hi-fi system. District with numerous bars, restaurants, small shops and supermarkets. Outside market on every Wednesday and Saturday. Very good situation to visit Paris and its surroundings !!!! Very close to Nation station, very well desserved.  Subway line 1: direct to Bastille, Le Marais, Chatelet, Le Louvre, Champs-Elysées, Etoile,
13442	Comfortable and central location	Comfortable and central location Nation, Bercy, the whole downtown paris I welcome my guests and advice them about the city Quiet and safe Bus, subway, tramway
13443	Situated in a calm residential area in Creteil, 3 minutes from Parisien subway M8, only 30 minutes from center area of Paris - Place de la Bastille.   The place includes full equiped kitchen (cooker-stove with oven, micro-wave, washing machine, caffe machine, fridge, etc) bathroom with bathtub, south balcony, TV - 110cm, wifi connection etc.  In the proximity you can find a lake(1 min) and all kind of commerce - boulangerie, tabac, Franprix - 2min, a Mall at 10 minutes walking. The other room it's occupied by me. Contact: (phone number hidden) - Edy	Cool room in big apartment situated in a residential area in Creteil at 10 km of Paris city center - Place de la Bastille, at 3 minutes far away from the Parisian metro.  Situated in a calm residential area in Creteil, 3 minutes from Parisien subway M8, only 30 minutes from center area of Paris - Place de la Bastille.   The place includes full equiped kitchen (cooker-stove with oven, micro-wave, washing machine, caffe machine, fridge, etc) bathroom with bathtub, south balcony, TV - 110cm, wifi connection etc.  In the proximity you can find a lake(1 min) and all kind of commerce - boulangerie, tabac, Franprix - 2min, a Mall at 10 minutes walking. The other room it's occupied by me. Contact: (phone number hidden) - Edy Kitchen, living room, bathroom, etc. Pretty much when not beeing at school. For advices and good tipd i'll be here :) The neighborhood was build 5 years ago in a well choosed area, near to the lake, shops and metro station. At 3 minutes from the underway station. Almost 25
13444	If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in Paris, allowing you to make the most of your trip, do not hesitate to contact us about our cosy flat !  We provide you an unique location, close to everything, in our tiny but charming flat ! We offer you a cozy private room, with double bed, TV (international channels available) and free WIFI. We will also provide you with towels and sheets! We will be happy to share with you our bathroom and wide equipped kitchen (Microwave, oven, coffee machine, shaker, washing machine). On top of that, you will surely appreciate a 10 m2 private patio, where you will be able to take your french breakfast ! (Please note that your room is separated from shared rooms  by a light-eclipsing and large curtain, but be sure we will respect your privacy.) Our flat is on groundfloor, so you will not have to do sport with your luggage through stairs ! 	If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in Paris, allowing you to make the most of your trip, do not hesitate to contact us about our cosy flat !  If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in Paris, allowing you to make the most of your trip, do not hesitate to contact us about our cosy flat !  We provide you an unique location, close to everything, in our tiny but charming flat ! We offer you a cozy private room, with double bed, TV (international channels available) and free WIFI. We will also provide you with towels and sheets! We will be happy to share with you our bathroom and wide equipped kitchen (Microwave, oven, coffee machine, shaker, washing machine). On top of that, you will surely appreciate a 10 m2 private patio, where you will be able to take your french breakfast ! (Please note that your room is separated from shared rooms  by a light-eclipsing and large curtain, but be sure we will respect your privacy.) Our flat is on groundfloor, so you will not have to do sp
13445		Ce 2/3 pièces est idéalement situé dans un immeuble près du Bois de Vincennes.  Cet appartement vous séduira par son calme et ses équipements. Desservi par les lignes 6 et 8 du métro, le tramway et le bus 87. Vous pouvez nous joindre téléphoniquement en cas de problème au numéro annoncé sur Air BnB Notre quartier est situé en face du Bois de Vincennes, idéal pour promenade, activités sportives ou pique-niques. Notre rue compte de nombreux commerçants (pâtisserie, boulangerie, poissonnerie, boucherie, fromager, pharmacie...) dont quelques enseignes alimentaires (carrefour-market, monoprix...) fermant tardivement. Le bus 87 vous permettra de vous rendre dans le centre de Paris. Les lignes 6 et 8 sont à quelques minutes à pied. Le tramway qui dessert l’ensemble des portes de Paris est à proximité.
13446		Studio spacieux 36 m2 et lumineux à 2 pas de Gare de Lyon et Bercy équipé de 2 clic-clacs, cuisine complète, salle de bain avec baignoire et machine a laver,internet illimité, TV Plasma ideale pour couple et famille en vacances sur Paris.
13447		Très lumineux, calme, 10ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur, côté cour balcon vue dégagée, coulée verte. Métro 6 au pied de l'immeuble :accès direct Nation, Montparnasse, Bir-Hakeim (Tour Eiffel), Trocadéro, Charles de gaulle Etoile (Champs Elysées).
13448	This apartment is located in the district of Bastille where the streets of this area offer countless dining and entertainment options for people of all ages. You can spend your days enjoying history and art, and your nights strolling and eating. This area contains many authentic, yet affordable, French bistros and discos that you wont find in many other Parisian neighborhoods A beautiful opera house, a peaceful marina, one thousand cobblestone streets, and an incredible selection of world renowned attractions will keep you occupied for days without ever needing to leave your special corner of Paris.  From this central location, you will be walking distance to the major Parisian attractions that have kept this city at the top of visitor lists for decades.With the Metro Station close at hand, even the sites that are further than you can comfortably walk, will be an easy metro ride away.	Planning a trip to Paris?  Want to experience the real Parisian life?  Come and stay in a comfortable all furnished Georgous Duplex in one of the most popular and trendy part of Paris. It's the Real Paris! Metro line 8 Station Ledru-Rollin in front of the building
13449	Renovated apartment , 30 meters Carrez courtyard 2 minutes from the metro and Place de la Nation. 15 minutes to Opéra and Châtelet, 10 minutes to Champs Élysées. Easy to park Nation Metro and RER lines 1,2,6,9 - Free Wifi  - TV and cable  - Iron and ironing board  - Linen  - Hair dryer  - oven and microwave - Sofabed - Washer - Fan	Renovated apartment , 30 meters Carrez courtyard 2 minutes from the metro and Place de la Nation. 15 minutes to Opéra and Châtelet, 10 minutes to Champs Élysées. Easy to park Nation Metro and RER lines 1,2,6,9 - Free Wifi  - TV and cable  - Iron and ironing board  - Linen  - Hair dryer  - oven and microwave - Sofabed - Washer - Fan
13450	Charming 270 sq ft2 studio, redesigned with scandinavian-barroco details, very charming and welcoming ! Perfect for 2 people, the place is  located 100m from the Place Felix Eboué.   // District Very quiet area. Three supermarkets are located less than 100m from the appartment , you will find a grocery and a laundry in the same street and a post office & pharmacy one block away. // Location The appartment is entirely secure, located at the 3rd floor with elevator, double digicode and building manager. // The appartment You will be hosted in a appartment mixing living room & bedroom, toilets and kitchen separated.  No smoking appartment Once your admission approved, I'll send you all the informations to get the keys ! The check-in is a 2 PM and check-out is before 11 AM.  	Charming 270 sq ft2 studio, redesigned with scandinavian-barroco details, very charming and welcoming ! Perfect for 2 people, the place is  located in a quiet and safe district, very close from the Place Felix Eboué - Metro 6, 8 - Daumesnil      Charming 270 sq ft2 studio, redesigned with scandinavian-barroco details, very charming and welcoming ! Perfect for 2 people, the place is  located 100m from the Place Felix Eboué.   // District Very quiet area. Three supermarkets are located less than 100m from the appartment , you will find a grocery and a laundry in the same street and a post office & pharmacy one block away. // Location The appartment is entirely secure, located at the 3rd floor with elevator, double digicode and building manager. // The appartment You will be hosted in a appartment mixing living room & bedroom, toilets and kitchen separated.  No smoking appartment Once your admission approved, I'll send you all the informations to get the keys ! The check-in is a 2 PM and 
13451	It is all about relaxing and enjoying smoothly life, while living in the vibrant and buzzy Paris.  The space is a peaceful ground floor apartment, very quiet.  With a spacious private terrace opened to an incredible inner garden.  Choose to chill outside on the comfortable loving chair or even enjoy your meals under the sun with a smooth wind on your skin. The place is awesome for a couple or a person looking for a place charged with positive vibrations.  Bouddhas, encents, meditation seat... will contribute to your peacefulness.	Live like a real Parisian in an awesome neighborhood near all public transportation, in a comfortable cocoon for a very reasonable price. What else? It is all about relaxing and enjoying smoothly life, while living in the vibrant and buzzy Paris.  The space is a peaceful ground floor apartment, very quiet.  With a spacious private terrace opened to an incredible inner garden.  Choose to chill outside on the comfortable loving chair or even enjoy your meals under the sun with a smooth wind on your skin. The place is awesome for a couple or a person looking for a place charged with positive vibrations.  Bouddhas, encents, meditation seat... will contribute to your peacefulness. The whole apartment is private.  It comes with  Unlimited Internet Private kitchen Private bathroom Private toilets  Private terrasse We always provides tips, places to go, and we are easily reachable!  We love traveling and we care for travelers. The apartment is located 5 min walking from the « Promenade plantée
13452		This apparment, ideal for a couple with a baby, is located about 10 minutes walk from Gare de Lyon and 15 minutes walk from Bastille
13453	Big room in a comfy Parisian apartment.	Big bright room in a comfy flat in the 12th, a nice and quiet area. 5 min from Daumesnil station (line 6 and 8).   I'll stay on the couch with my cat and can give you tips about Paris and maybe we can share a bottle of wine during the evening. Big room in a comfy Parisian apartment. I can give you tips about Paris and maybe share a bottle of wine after work. Quiet residential area with good services offering good products, a nice bar, good restaurants and an excellent wine bar. Close to several parcs: Reuilly, Vincennes, Bercy. 5 min from Dugommier station (line 6 and 8,) 15 min from Place de la Republique (8), Chatelet (6-+14), Denfert-Rochereau (6).
13454	"IN A HAUSSMANN STYLE BUILDING OVERLOOKING THE SQUARE  OUTFIT AT 7th AND FLOOR (LIFT UP 6th), NICE STUDIO FOR 2 PEOPLE WITH VIEW ON THE ROOF AND INNER COURTYARD. QUIET AND VERY CLEAR. MAIN ROOM WITH SOFA BED IN 160CM, TABLE, CHAIRS, TV, DVD, WI-FI, BATHROOM / WC, OPEN AND EQUIPPED KITCHEN (MICROWAVE, HOT PLATES, REFRIGERATOR, WASHING MACHINE) ANIME AND LIVING AREA WITH MANY SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS, WITH THE BASTILLE LOCATED 10 MINS WALK AND DOCKS OF THE SEINE, THE FAMOUS QUARTER OF A MARSH 15 MIN AND THE TOWN HALL OF PARIS, AND A 100 M.LE NICE COLOR AND MARKET ALIGRE. IT IS RECOMMENDED STROLL THROUGH NARROW  STREETS AROUND TO DISCOVER THE TRUE HOUSE OF PARIS, BUT TO GET AROUND THE METRO STATION ""Ledru-Rollin 'IS THE SQUARE FOOT AND A BUILDING 100 M. WE WANT TO ENTER IN PLACES A DEPOSIT OF 500 € IN CHECK OR CASH DEPOSIT AND A HOUSEHOLD CASH € 50 WHICH WILL BE RETURNED IF THE STUDIO IS MADE CLEAN. ONLY THE HOUSEHOLD AND ELECTRICITY ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE RENTAL PRICE. FOR PEOPLE WHO "	"IN A HAUSSMANN STYLE BUILDING OVERLOOKING THE SQUARE  OUTFIT AT 7th AND FLOOR (LIFT UP 6th), NICE STUDIO FOR 2 PEOPLE WITH VIEW ON THE ROOF AND INNER COURTYARD. QUIET AND VERY CLEAR. MAIN ROOM WITH SOFA BED IN 160CM, TABLE, CHAIRS, TV, DVD, WI-FI, BATHROOM / WC, OPEN AND EQUIPPED KITCHEN (MICROWAVE, HOT PLATES, REFRIGERATOR, WASHING MACHINE) ANIME AND LIVING AREA WITH MANY SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS, WITH THE BASTILLE LOCATED 10 MINS WALK AND DOCKS OF THE SEINE, THE FAMOUS QUARTER OF A MARSH 15 MIN AND THE TOWN HALL OF PARIS, AND A 100 M.LE NICE COLOR AND MARKET ALIGRE. IT IS RECOMMENDED STROLL THROUGH NARROW  STREETS AROUND TO DISCOVER THE TRUE HOUSE OF PARIS, BUT TO GET AROUND THE METRO STATION ""Ledru-Rollin 'IS THE SQUARE FOOT AND A BUILDING 100 M. WE WANT TO ENTER IN PLACES A DEPOSIT OF 500 € IN CHECK OR CASH DEPOSIT AND A HOUSEHOLD CASH € 50 WHICH WILL BE RETURNED IF THE STUDIO IS MADE CLEAN. ONLY THE HOUSEHOLD AND ELECTRICITY ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE RENTAL PRICE. FOR PEOPLE WHO "
13455	Dans une petite rue très calme, à coté de la gare de Lyon, à moins de 10mn à pied de Bastille,  cet appartement moderne et spacieux a une position stratégique dans Paris. Il possède un grand salon haut de plafond(plus de 3m de hauteur) très agréable à vivre; non fumeur ouvert sur une cuisine tout équipée: composée de quatre plaques vitro céramique,un four,un four  micro-ondes, un petit réfrigérateur avec petit compartiment congélation, une cafetière et tout le nécessaire de cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec une baignoire. Les wc sont séparés. Idéal pour un couple avec une chambre basse de plafond (1m50) chaleureuse et cosy à l'étage , munie d'un lecteur dvd, mon appartement peut néanmoins accueillir 4 personnes puisqu'un lit d'appoint pour 2 est disponible dans le salon.  Le style est moderne et boheme, mélangeant à l'architecture contemporaine des meubles et tissus ramenés de voyages et brocantes. Une belle bibliothèque ravira les lecteurs. Le ménage est optionnel ce qui signifie qu	Dans une petite rue très calme, à coté de la gare de Lyon, à moins de 10mn à pieds de Bastille,  cet appartement moderne et spacieux a une position stratégique dans Paris. Il possède un grand salon haut de plafond très agréable à vivre; non fumeur ouvert sur une cuisine tout équipé: composé d'un lave-vaisselle, plaques vitro céramique, four, micro-ondes, cafetière, tout le nécessaire de cuisine et d'une salle de bain avec une baignoire. Idéal pour un couple avec une chambre bas de plafond chaleureuse et kozi à l'étage , mon appartement peut néanmoins accueillir 4 personnes puisqu'un lit d'appoint pour 2 est disponible dans le salon.  Le ménage est optionnel ce qui signifie que l'appartement devra être rendu propre et dans l'état initial, ou des frais de ménage de 30 € seront appliqués lors de la sortie des lieux.o Dans une petite rue très calme, à coté de la gare de Lyon, à moins de 10mn à pied de Bastille,  cet appartement moderne et spacieux a une position stratégique dans Paris. Il 
13456	Welcome to my Apartment! The apartment is a 3 minutes walk to the metro Nation, on line 1, 6,  2 or 9 of the metro. As you can catch all those lines, the metro can take you straight to most of the main sites. Travel times: Bastille and the Marais : 10 minutes The Louvre and Palais Royal: 15 minutes Champs Elysées: 20 minutes The Eiffel Tower: 40 minutes Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 35 minutes - Eurodisney : 45 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport: 90-120 minutes Orly Airport: 60-90 minutes There are also 2 Velib stations on the street and 2 buses running all day and night. If you have a car, note that street parking is available and simpler than in many other places in Paris because the avenue is wide and quiet. Anyway you will have to pay for it, and it might take a little while before you find a spot. When renting the apartment, guests will have the whole place to themselves. It is located on the 1rstFloor (2th American), with no lift. The apartment itself is sunny and airy with a spaciou	Ideally situated close to the metro station Nation that drives you anywhere in Paris. Perfect for couples to families, with 3 double beds and one single this sunny 3 bedroom apartment comfortably suits 7. Enjoy calm and garden view ! Welcome to my Apartment! The apartment is a 3 minutes walk to the metro Nation, on line 1, 6,  2 or 9 of the metro. As you can catch all those lines, the metro can take you straight to most of the main sites. Travel times: Bastille and the Marais : 10 minutes The Louvre and Palais Royal: 15 minutes Champs Elysées: 20 minutes The Eiffel Tower: 40 minutes Montmartre/ Sacré Coeur : 35 minutes - Eurodisney : 45 minutes  Charles de Gaulle Airport: 90-120 minutes Orly Airport: 60-90 minutes There are also 2 Velib stations on the street and 2 buses running all day and night. If you have a car, note that street parking is available and simpler than in many other places in Paris because the avenue is wide and quiet. Anyway you will have to pay for it, and it might 
13457	Rare sont les maisonnettes à Paris, en voici une située à 200 mètres de place de la Nation. Logement plein pied équipé d'une salle de bain, de sa cuisine toute équipée ( Four, micro-onde, plaque à induction, hotte, machine à  expresso, réfrigérateur congélateur, couverts, verres et ustensiles de cuisine sont fournis ). Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé réversible en lit deux places ainsi d'une mezzanine pour deux personnes, d'une télévision et un espace de rangement à également été prévus afin de rendre votre séjour agréable. RER A, métro ligne 1, 2 et 6 ainsi que les bus (phone number hidden) et 351 à 200 mètres. La proximité de tout les commerces nécessaire. Place de la Nation desservie : par les lignes (phone number hidden) et 351 du réseau de bus RATP, cette dernière étant est un moyen de transport pour se rendre à l'aéroport de Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle ; et, la nuit, par la ligne N11 (reliant Pont de Neuilly à Château de Vincennes) du réseau de bus Noctilien. Les métro 1, 2 et 	Rare sont les maisonnettes à Paris, en voici une située à 200 mètres de place de la Nation. Logement plein pied équipé d'une salle de bain, de sa cuisine toute équipée ( Four, micro-onde, plaque à induction, hotte, machine à  expresso, réfrigérateur congélateur, couverts, verres et ustensiles de cuisine sont fournis ). Le coin salon est équipé d'un canapé réversible en lit deux places ainsi d'une mezzanine pour deux personnes, d'une télévision et un espace de rangement à également été prévus afin de rendre votre séjour agréable. RER A, métro ligne 1, 2 et 6 ainsi que les bus (phone number hidden) et 351 à 200 mètres. La proximité de tout les commerces nécessaire. Place de la Nation desservie : par les lignes (phone number hidden) et 351 du réseau de bus RATP, cette dernière étant est un moyen de transport pour se rendre à l'aéroport de Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle ; et, la nuit, par la ligne N11 (reliant Pont de Neuilly à Château de Vincennes) du réseau de bus Noctilien. Les métro 1, 2 et 
13458	Charmant 2/3 pièces meublé à louer au coeur du 12è arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement est situé rue du Rendez-vous, entre les métros Nation, Porte de Vincennes et Picpus. Tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Transports en commun à proximité : métro ligne 1 et 6; RER A ; Tramway T3. Accès rapide aux autoroutes A6 et A4  Orly : 20 mn en voiture Gare de Lyon : 3 stations de métro L'appartement est constitué : - d'une vaste entrée - d'une cuisine américaine aménagée : lave vaisselle, cafetière électrique, lave linge, sêche linge, plaque à induction, four traditionnel, four micro ondes. Coin repas 4 personnes. - un salon salle à manger : pièce double donnant sur balcon, télévision, internet par wifi, table de salle à manger extensible (4 à 10 personnes), un canapé lit Roche Bobois 2 personnes (espace nuit parents) - une salle de bain : vasque en verre, baignoire, WC - une chambre : sur cour, 2 lits 1 personne (chambre enfants). Options : - parking privé en sous sol d'un immeuble voisin	Charmant 2/3 pièces au sein d'un quartier vivant du 12è arrondissement de Paris. Charmant 2/3 pièces meublé à louer au coeur du 12è arrondissement de Paris. L'appartement est situé rue du Rendez-vous, entre les métros Nation, Porte de Vincennes et Picpus. Tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Transports en commun à proximité : métro ligne 1 et 6; RER A ; Tramway T3. Accès rapide aux autoroutes A6 et A4  Orly : 20 mn en voiture Gare de Lyon : 3 stations de métro L'appartement est constitué : - d'une vaste entrée - d'une cuisine américaine aménagée : lave vaisselle, cafetière électrique, lave linge, sêche linge, plaque à induction, four traditionnel, four micro ondes. Coin repas 4 personnes. - un salon salle à manger : pièce double donnant sur balcon, télévision, internet par wifi, table de salle à manger extensible (4 à 10 personnes), un canapé lit Roche Bobois 2 personnes (espace nuit parents) - une salle de bain : vasque en verre, baignoire, WC - une chambre : sur cour, 2 lits 1 perso
13459	Clean, modern and well maintained apartment. Decorated with care, you can enjoy its comfort. Big fitted kitchen with high table ideal for a diner for two. The living room has an extandable table for meals, a big sofa and is equiped with TV & hi-fi. Big bedroom with a window-door opening on a balcony with an unobstructed view. Bathroom with a shower and toilets.	Clean, modern and well maintained apartment. Decorated with care, you can enjoy its comfort. Big fitted kitchen with high table ideal for a diner for two. The living room has an extandable table for meals, a big sofa and is equiped with TV & hi-fi. Big bedroom with a window-door opening on a balcony with an unobstructed view. Bathroom with a shower and toilets. You have access to the whole apartment. We won't be in the apartment during your stay. Typical parisian neighbourhood with the grocery-shopping street rue du Rendez-vous that will allow you to enjoy French gastronomy (butchers, fruits & vegetables shops, baker shops, caterers, flower shops, wine shops, etc.) A food market takes place twice a week on cours de Vincennes (wednesdays and saturdays). You will also find on cours de Vincennes a department store Printemps offering the main French clothes brands. The bois de Vincennes (one of the two largest parisian parks) is only 10 minutes walk away, offering its lakes, its zoo (parc 
13460	The room we rent measure around 12 m2. Clean sheets and towels is provided. The room has a large sofa bed (160x190) really comfortable. Wardrobe for storing your clothes Fully equipped kitchen : stove, oven , Dishwasher , Washing Machine, Fridge with freezer. You can cooks. Bathroom with a bathtub.	This is our guest room we offer you. Our apartment is located a few meters from the subway, the banks of the Seine and Paris-Bercy sports hall (lift) . The room we rent measure around 12 m2. Clean sheets and towels is provided. The room has a large sofa bed (160x190) really comfortable. Wardrobe for storing your clothes Fully equipped kitchen : stove, oven , Dishwasher , Washing Machine, Fridge with freezer. You can cooks. Bathroom with a bathtub. The apartment is right next to the Bercy metro station.  This station serves lines 6 and 14, you are really near to the center of Paris . Station Velib self-service and bus No. 87 and 24 next to the apartment. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have questions
13461		The flat is composed of a room, a living room and a separate kitchen. It is located less than 5 minutes away from gare de Lyon. It is on the fourth floor and is very bright with a nice view on the Parisian roof from the bathroom and the kitchen. The flat is 5 minutes away from the Gare de Lyon station. It is on the fourth floor. There is a wifi acess with the fiber (very fast internet). There are a dish washer, an oven, macro wave, and a washing machine which can be used freely. It is 300 m away from the marché d'Aligre which is a typical french market (that can be seen in the Lucy movie ;)) available all the morning excepted on monday. It is very animated ;) There is 100 m away form a flat a former train line transformed in a walking line that cross all the 12eme arrondissement. You are 5 minutes away form gare de lyon which give you access to the main lines in Paaris: RER A, line 1. You will find close by also acess to line 8 and 14. You are then from the flat only 15 min away from t
13462	A 1 ou 2 personnes dans l'appartement, vous profiterez de tout le confort qu'offre la sensation d'espace! Vous bénéficierez d'une vraie chambre, et d'un double séjour plein de charme et de soleil donnant sur le balcon.	Le balcon filant accessible par le double séjour vous permettra de prendre repas/apéro au soleil! Chambre sur cour très calme et confortable. Salle de bain neuve (Mars 2015). Très bien desservi (Mo 6,8,14), proche Coulée Verte, Nation, Gare de Lyon A 1 ou 2 personnes dans l'appartement, vous profiterez de tout le confort qu'offre la sensation d'espace! Vous bénéficierez d'une vraie chambre, et d'un double séjour plein de charme et de soleil donnant sur le balcon. Les voyageurs auront accès à tout l'équipement de base de l'appartement : cuisine équipée, wifi, planche à repasser, etc. NB : pas de télévision disponible I speak English. Y hablo español también. Quartier animé, nombreux commerces de proximité, supermarché à 3 minutes et marché en bas de la maison 2 fois par semaine! Proche de Bastille, Nation, la Coulée Verte et le bois de Vincennes, le quartier répond aux souhaits des amateurs d'arts comme des festifs, des joggeurs comme des amateurs d'espaces verts! L'appartement domine l
13463	Charmant appartement tout équipé de 40m2 situé dans le 12 ème arrondissement de Paris. Au calme, en rez de chaussée sur cour . Un salon, une chambre séparée avec un lit double, une cuisine séparée équipée et une salle de bain douche. 	Charmant appartement tout équipé de 40m2 situé dans le 12 ème arrondissement de Paris. Au calme, en rez de chaussée sur cour . Un salon, une chambre séparée avec un lit double, une cuisine séparée équipée et une salle de bain douche. internet, télévision avec box Proche de la gare de Lyon, du parc de Bercy, Bercy Village, et de la station Bercy sur la ligne 14 (très pratique et rapide). Arrêt  Dugommer Métro ligne 6 ou Arrêt Bercy Metro ligne 14
13464	With space and calm, you will have a crush on this apartment, handy and pleasant.	With an elevator, all the shops around and the metro, bus & tram you will enjoy this beautiful parisian apartment. Ideal for 2 people with 2 rooms, wc apart, kitchen and bathroom fully equipped, tv dvd internet It is all safe. With space and calm, you will have a crush on this apartment, handy and pleasant. There is a concierge and a nice neighborhood.... All kind of shops.... All kind of public transportation (bus, tram, metro)... and a free parking! It is a safe. Thanks to my husband who is often travelling and the concierge, the phone, the mails and Skype we can interact easily. Don t hesitate, contact me when you have a question or just to say Hi. You can do everything walking! the Boulangerie (Bakery) is in front of the apartment and it is a good one. Plus all the supermarkets, the Bois de Vincennes to get fresh air. Everything is about 5 minutes walking distance. There is a parking included in the building, and the bus 87 is in front of the house plus the tram and the metro Daume
13465		Pas d’accès : Ma nourriture personnelle. Accès : Gel douche - savons -  serviettes de bain - draps. A proximité : (- de 5 minutes à pied) Franprix boulangerie Fuits - légumes Epicerie ouverte 24h/24 Chinois Restaurants Macdo Quick Subway 10 minutes à pied : Parc de Vincennes Musée de l'immigration Station Porte Dorée Metro 8 Tram 3a Station Velib
13466	Le logement se compose d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'un coin séjour avec canapé lit, d'un coin nuit avec vrai lit, d'une salle de bain/wc avec baignoire. Doubles vitrages.	Le logement se compose d'une cuisine américaine toute équipée, d'un coin séjour avec canapé lit, d'un coin nuit avec vrai lit, d'une salle de bain/wc avec baignoire. Doubles vitrages. Idéal pour un couple ou une famille pour un court séjour. Nombreux commerces, parcs, restaurants et bar sympathiques dans le quartier.
13467		Cosy apartment in Paris, near Coulée verge & bois de Vincennes  (12the arrondissement). The minimum length of stay : 2 days All amenities: double bed, kitchen, wifi, TV, etc.  
13468	1 bedroom flat: - 1 bedroom with king size double bed - 1 living room with double bed sofa - 1 bathroom - 1 entrance Fully furnished & decorated less than 1 year ago. Equiped kitchen. Lots of shops & restaurants 5min walking.	34m2 flat, in a typical Parisian style: modern & classic with its 2 fireplaces and wooden floor. Fully   equiped & redecorated less than 1 year ago. 1 double bedroom + 1 sofa bed allowing 4 people to stay in the flat. Very luminous. 1 bedroom flat: - 1 bedroom with king size double bed - 1 living room with double bed sofa - 1 bathroom - 1 entrance Fully furnished & decorated less than 1 year ago. Equiped kitchen. Lots of shops & restaurants 5min walking. The flat is accessible via metro: - line 8 (Porte Dorée): 5min walking, bringing you to Paris center in 15min (Bastille) - line 6 (Bel Air): 10min walking, brining you directly to Montparnasse train station - tramway 3a (Montempoivre): 1min walking, just in front of the flat You can also take the bus line 46 (Porte Dorée).
13469	The flat is situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris.  3-room flat with 1 double living room and 1 bedroom in a central location in Paris.  Typical Parisian appartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, long balcony in an Haussmannian building (1902) Very cozy, luminous and clean with a trendy decoration. Area: Bastille, Gare de Lyon, Nation, Bois de Vincennes * Double living room with 3 large window doors and a balcony. * Bedroom with a double size bed- Bedding and towels furnished. * Separate kitchen with all equipment. Possibilty to dine on a 4 seat table in the living room as well. Fully equiped kitchen : fridge, oven, micro-wave oven, electric stoves, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster and dish-washer. * Bathroom with a bathtub. Washing machine. > Free access to wireless fiber (website hidden). > Capacity: 2/3. > Entrance code, intercom, 6th floor. 	3-room flat with 1 double living room and 1 bedroom in a central location in Paris. For 2 people (+2 poss.)  Typical Parisian appartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, long balcony and vue. Very cozy, luminous and clean.  The flat is situated in the 12th arrondissement of Paris.  3-room flat with 1 double living room and 1 bedroom in a central location in Paris.  Typical Parisian appartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, long balcony in an Haussmannian building (1902) Very cozy, luminous and clean with a trendy decoration. Area: Bastille, Gare de Lyon, Nation, Bois de Vincennes * Double living room with 3 large window doors and a balcony. * Bedroom with a double size bed- Bedding and towels furnished. * Separate kitchen with all equipment. Possibilty to dine on a 4 seat table in the living room as well. Fully equiped kitchen : fridge, oven, micro-wave oven, electric stoves, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster and dish-washer. * Bathroom with a bathtub. Washing machine. > Free acce
13470	"Welcome in my Parisien Appartment! The apartment is located on the last floor of an old Hausmmanien 19the century building of the Faubourg Saint-Antoine, the elevator will take you on the 7th floor. From my very small balcony, you will be able to admire a beautiful parisien view, roofs of buildings, the ""Bastille"" and very far, the building of ""La Defense""! Between ""Nation"" and ""Bastille"", ""rue de Lappe"", ""rue de Charonne"" or ""Ledru Rollin"" are at en easy reach and less than 10mns walk. The metro and RER stations  are ""faidherbes-chaligny"", ""Reuilly Diderot"" or ""Nation"" and are at less than 5mns walk. Lots of restaurants et bar are located nearby.  The apartment has the typical Parisien charm with an old cheminey, composed of a leaving room with a sofa convertible bed for 2 persons, there is a small kitchen (refrigirator, microwave, washing-machin), a room with a double bed and a bathroom with toilets. It is small (30square meters) 4 people fit but It is much more convenient for 2 peop"	"My flat is located close to lots of different metro station that makes all touristics site very easy to reach. It is located on the last floor of a charming parisien building (haussmanien style), with elevator, small balcony. Wifi. Welcome in my Parisien Appartment! The apartment is located on the last floor of an old Hausmmanien 19the century building of the Faubourg Saint-Antoine, the elevator will take you on the 7th floor. From my very small balcony, you will be able to admire a beautiful parisien view, roofs of buildings, the ""Bastille"" and very far, the building of ""La Defense""! Between ""Nation"" and ""Bastille"", ""rue de Lappe"", ""rue de Charonne"" or ""Ledru Rollin"" are at en easy reach and less than 10mns walk. The metro and RER stations  are ""faidherbes-chaligny"", ""Reuilly Diderot"" or ""Nation"" and are at less than 5mns walk. Lots of restaurants et bar are located nearby.  The apartment has the typical Parisien charm with an old cheminey, composed of a leaving room with a sofa conve"
13471	Opinions of visitors, the apartment is charming,  rustic, and it's a lively quarter. Fourth floor, no lift in a building of the eighteenth century. I am told, it was the stables of the musketeers!!! 3 rooms: the living is near the terrace, where we can have meal, the kitchen opens onto the living room. There is a little bedroom like a cabin, with a bed for 2 people and a washbasin.  The 2nd bedroom is upstair, with a bed for 2 people; separate shower-room, and separate toilet. 1 one room will be closed to keep my belongings.	Arty apartment in the roof, faubourg Saint Antoine, behind the Bastille. Opinions of visitors, the apartment is charming,  rustic, and it's a lively quarter. Fourth floor, no lift in a building of the eighteenth century. I am told, it was the stables of the musketeers!!! 3 rooms: the living is near the terrace, where we can have meal, the kitchen opens onto the living room. There is a little bedroom like a cabin, with a bed for 2 people and a washbasin.  The 2nd bedroom is upstair, with a bed for 2 people; separate shower-room, and separate toilet. 1 one room will be closed to keep my belongings. wifi I will be available in Paris during your trip. It is behind the Place de la Bastille, near Le Marché d'Aligre, (a wellknown market), it was traditionally a craftmen's area. You can mix either the pleasure of a popular market, where you will find all the groceries you need, or walk at the night in the trendy Rue de Lappe , with pubs, bistrots, clubs, also cinemas and the Opera. Finally to 
13472	L'appartement est entièrement meublé et équipé afin de vous accueillir dans les meilleures conditions.  Joli appartement comprenant : - 1 salon avec un canapé en cuir et équipé d'une TV avec plus de 100 chaines et accès à Internet (WIFI)  - 1 balcon de 6 m2 pour profiter au mieux de la vue parisienne - 3 chambres avec lits doubles  - 1 cuisine toute équipée : micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, lave linge, couverts, assiettes, frigidaire - 1 salle de douche avec lavabo et WC - 1 salle de bains avec lavabo et WC 	Grand appartement de 90 m2, composé de 3 chambres et de 2 salles de bain, idéalement situé proche de la gare de Lyon et à 10 minutes à pied de Bastille. L'appartement est entièrement meublé et équipé afin de vous accueillir dans les meilleures conditions.  Joli appartement comprenant : - 1 salon avec un canapé en cuir et équipé d'une TV avec plus de 100 chaines et accès à Internet (WIFI)  - 1 balcon de 6 m2 pour profiter au mieux de la vue parisienne - 3 chambres avec lits doubles  - 1 cuisine toute équipée : micro-ondes, plaque de cuisson, lave linge, couverts, assiettes, frigidaire - 1 salle de douche avec lavabo et WC - 1 salle de bains avec lavabo et WC Les voyageurs ont accès au logement en entier Les échanges se feront par email ou par téléphone Situé sur le boulevard Diderot (métro Gare de Lyon), à proximité du centre de Paris, notamment proche des quartiers de la Bastille, du Marais, ou même encore de la Place des Vosges...Vous pourrez admirer la Seine et le canal Saint-Martin,
13473	56 m2 deux chambres (1 lit double et 1 lit simple) un séjour entrée cuisine salle de bain  wc séparés parquet, cheminées (décoratives) et moulures balcon Situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, l'appartement jouit d'une vue dégagée sans vis à vis.	Très fonctionnel et plein de charme avec ses moulures, ses cheminées, et son balcon filant. Idéal pour un couple et un enfant. Situé à 10 mn de Bastille, près de Bercy, découvrez les quais animés au pied de la Grande Bibliothèque. 56 m2 deux chambres (1 lit double et 1 lit simple) un séjour entrée cuisine salle de bain  wc séparés parquet, cheminées (décoratives) et moulures balcon Situé au 6ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien, l'appartement jouit d'une vue dégagée sans vis à vis. Internet, TV, lecteur DVD Cuisine équipée : plaques vitrocéramique, mini four, réfrigérateur, machine à café filtre possibilité d'ajouter un lit pour bébé feux de cheminée interdits Ponctuellement à Paris pendant la période de location, nous pouvons vous rencontrer pour vous indiquer les meilleurs endroits à visiter, ou encore nous vous offrons nos services de skipper le week-end si vous souhaitez louer un bateau privé pour visiter Paris ou ses environs (6 personnes). Quartier calme et très agréable, l'un de
13474	"Entirely refurbished, this flat is ideally situated : - Conveniant access to 2 subway lines - 5 min. walking from Bercy core area ""Cour Saint Emilion"" - 5 min. walking away from the biggest forest & parks of Paris region : ""Parc de Vincennes"". Adorable to take some sun near the lakes or finish the day with a picnic based on baguette, French wines & cheeses (we accept that you eat also anything else, no worries). The flat is cozy, with ""Marius"" the goldfish being here to welcome you and guide you day to day in the usage of the apartment. (Marius will show you how to run the life-changing automatic cleaner robot Samsung Navibot). In the living room, make your self home with a dish washer, a washing machine & dryer to make your laundry, a large fridge as well as micro-wave and a oven, located under a 4 spots baking tray. Nespresso coffee machine & toaster are also at your disposal ! The sofa will force you to stay in front of the 44"" LED full HD TV screen (on its pivot support), or even b"	"Original flat with 40m² decorated with taste, including bedroom/bathroom,huge living room with a nice open kitchen Close to subways, tram & bus, this convenient flat is ready to welcome you as a perfect base to visit Paris And you? Ready for it? Entirely refurbished, this flat is ideally situated : - Conveniant access to 2 subway lines - 5 min. walking from Bercy core area ""Cour Saint Emilion"" - 5 min. walking away from the biggest forest & parks of Paris region : ""Parc de Vincennes"". Adorable to take some sun near the lakes or finish the day with a picnic based on baguette, French wines & cheeses (we accept that you eat also anything else, no worries). The flat is cozy, with ""Marius"" the goldfish being here to welcome you and guide you day to day in the usage of the apartment. (Marius will show you how to run the life-changing automatic cleaner robot Samsung Navibot). In the living room, make your self home with a dish washer, a washing machine & dryer to make your laundry, a large fr"
13475	A very beautifull, appartement inside Paris, with Parking,  Internet TV, unlimited Telephone to fixed lines in France, Europe, USA and Canada	A very beautifull appartment, completely furnished, with Internet, TV , and Téléphone, iniside PAris, near Metro station and touristic areas :Bastille and Bercy village. A very beautifull, appartement inside Paris, with Parking,  Internet TV, unlimited Telephone to fixed lines in France, Europe, USA and Canada Internet, Telephone, TV, PArking, 
13476		Deux pièces en duplex avec terrasse tout équipé. Peut loger 2 personnes dans un quartier calme à 5 minutes à pied du bois de Vincennes et 15 minutes en métro du centre de Paris. Stations Vélib' et Autolib' à proximité. Idéal pour WE entre amoureux
13477	"The appartment is situated at the 4th floor a magnificent bulding which was awarded of the ""grand prix d'architecture"" in 1911 ! The appartment is suited for 4 persons in 2 bedrooms + 1 main room + kitchen + bathroom + toilets. "	"Located in an architecturally significant building in Paris’s 12th  is this unique apartment.  Quirky and colourful, it boasts an old wooden floor, eclectic decor, and internet access. Flat is situated near metro , shops and restaurants area. The appartment is situated at the 4th floor a magnificent bulding which was awarded of the ""grand prix d'architecture"" in 1911 ! The appartment is suited for 4 persons in 2 bedrooms + 1 main room + kitchen + bathroom + toilets.  metro is the best transport mode to get to the appartment."
13478		Résidence cosy, appartement sympa sur l'avenue Daumesnil. 5min à pied des métros 6 et 8 - proche de la coulée verte, Gare de Lyon et du bois de Vincennes. Idéal pour une escapade en couple ou en solo, l'appartement donne sur cour (silence assurée)
13479	Appartement clair et spacieux de 69 m2 situé à Saint Mandé sur la ligne 1 du métro, ( arrêt Saint-Mande Tourelle, facile et pratique pour se déplacer à Paris). Il possède deux chambres dont une avec un lit à matelas mémoire de formes( pour les mal de dos...un vrai bonheur) et l'autre un canapé. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, et possède un accès terrasse de 20m2 (également équipée avec barbecue, chaises et table) avec vue sur le rocher du Zoo de Vincennes. Le salon vous fera un peu vous sentir dans le sud de la France pas ces couleurs...c'est une pièce très agréable et lumineuse. La salle de bain est munie d'une baignoire. Le quartier est tranquille, on se croit dans un village ou tout est à proximité ( Monoprix, boucherie, primeur, pharmacie, boulangerie...) Il est même possible de boire une verre le soir, des brasseries sont ouvertes est trés sympas. Il est facile de se balader au Parc de Vincennes en empruntant un Vélib à la station ou même d'y aller à pieds. 	Appartement clair et spacieux de 69 m2 situé à Saint Mandé sur la ligne 1 du métro, ( arrêt Saint-Mande Tourelle, facile et pratique pour se déplacer à Paris). Il possède deux chambres dont une avec un lit à matelas mémoire de formes( pour les mal de dos...un vrai bonheur) et l'autre un canapé. La cuisine est entièrement équipée, et possède un accès terrasse de 20m2 (également équipée avec barbecue, chaises et table) avec vue sur le rocher du Zoo de Vincennes. Le salon vous fera un peu vous sentir dans le sud de la France pas ces couleurs...c'est une pièce très agréable et lumineuse. La salle de bain est munie d'une baignoire. Le quartier est tranquille, on se croit dans un village ou tout est à proximité ( Monoprix, boucherie, primeur, pharmacie, boulangerie...) Il est même possible de boire une verre le soir, des brasseries sont ouvertes est trés sympas. Il est facile de se balader au Parc de Vincennes en empruntant un Vélib à la station ou même d'y aller à pieds. 
13480	por favor, no bloquear el contrato de arrendamiento antes de ponerse en contacto conmigo! Situado en el corazón de París en el arrondissement número 12 en el lugar de Coronel Bourgoin. El apartamento está situado en un pequeño patio. Este es un metro cuadrado 30. en la primera parte: cocina sala de estar,. la segunda es nuestra habitación. Hay un pequeño cuarto de baño y aseo. ¿Va a dormir en el salón en el sofá cama de dos plazas. En el apartamento encontrará en todas partes del piso, calefacción eléctrica, internet-Fi, una pequeña cocina totalmente equipada (, in vitro, lavadora, secadora, nevera pequeña ...) Ropa de cama y las toallas están incluidas Precio por día: 40 € Ideal para un fin de semana o estancias cortas. Ses mi nombre y yo soy un ilustrador, el nombre de mi esposa es Camille, y ella es el maquillaje artístico, nuestra hija de 1 año se llama Tess Tenemos dos gatos. En la plaza, tiendas y bares hay de metro más cercana: Reuilly Diderot (líneas 1 y 8), Plaza de la Bastill	por favor, no bloquear el contrato de arrendamiento antes de ponerse en contacto conmigo! Situado en el corazón de París en el arrondissement número 12 en el lugar de Coronel Bourgoin. El apartamento está situado en un pequeño patio. Este es un metro cuadrado 30. en la primera parte: cocina sala de estar,. la segunda es nuestra habitación. Hay un pequeño cuarto de baño y aseo. ¿Va a dormir en el salón en el sofá cama de dos plazas. En el apartamento encontrará en todas partes del piso, calefacción eléctrica, internet-Fi, una pequeña cocina totalmente equipada (, in vitro, lavadora, secadora, nevera pequeña ...) Ropa de cama y las toallas están incluidas Precio por día: 40 € Ideal para un fin de semana o estancias cortas. Ses mi nombre y yo soy un ilustrador, el nombre de mi esposa es Camille, y ella es el maquillaje artístico, nuestra hija de 1 año se llama Tess Tenemos dos gatos. En la plaza, tiendas y bares hay de metro más cercana: Reuilly Diderot (líneas 1 y 8), Plaza de la Bastill
13481	Appartement de 67m2 métro Daumesnil. Habité par un jeune couple. Nous mettons a disposition d'une chambre individuel aménager, draps et linge de toilette. Possibilité d'utiliser la tv mais uniquement avec lecteur dvd disponible également. Salle de bain disponible avec toilette séparé. Chambre avec un lit 140, en face de la porte d'entrée pour une vrai intimité Accès a la salle de bain, toilette, si longue durée cuisine et partie commune. Avec accès wifi pour toute la durée du séjour Si besoin d'information nous serons a disposition. A 2min a pied de place daumesnil soit la ligne 8/6 du métro.  Accès a la salle de bain, toilette, si longue durée cuisine et partie commune. Avec accès wifi pour toute la durée du séjour Si besoin d'information nous serons a disposition. A 2min a pied de place daumesnil soit la ligne 8/6 du métro.  Accès a la salle de bain, toilette, si longue durée cuisine et partie commune. Avec accès wifi pour toute la durée du séjour Si besoin d'information nous serons 	Appartement de 67m2 métro Daumesnil. Habité par un jeune couple. Nous mettons a disposition d'une chambre individuel aménager avec un bz avec matelas neuf, draps et linge de toilette. Possibilité d'utiliser la tv mais uniquement avec lecteur dvd disponible également. Salle de bain disponible avec toilette séparé. Appartement de 67m2 métro Daumesnil. Habité par un jeune couple. Nous mettons a disposition d'une chambre individuel aménager, draps et linge de toilette. Possibilité d'utiliser la tv mais uniquement avec lecteur dvd disponible également. Salle de bain disponible avec toilette séparé. Chambre avec un lit 140, en face de la porte d'entrée pour une vrai intimité Accès a la salle de bain, toilette, si longue durée cuisine et partie commune. Avec accès wifi pour toute la durée du séjour Si besoin d'information nous serons a disposition. A 2min a pied de place daumesnil soit la ligne 8/6 du métro.  Accès a la salle de bain, toilette, si longue durée cuisine et partie commune. Avec 
13482		appartement typique parisien 12eme cuisine ouverte sur grand séjour chambre avec salle de douche à l'italienne 4eme étage avec ascenseur rue calme proche commerces et transports
13483	Charmant, cosy, lumineux, chaleureux. Idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec 2 enfants	Appartement propre, tout confort, 44m2 + 10m2 de terrasse, chauffage collectif illimité! Proches tout commerce, métro Daumesnil, Michel Bizot et proche parc de Vincennes! 15 minutes en métro du centre de Paris. Résidence très calme, idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec 2 enfants. Charmant, cosy, lumineux, chaleureux. Idéal pour 2 couples ou 1 couple avec 2 enfants Drap et serviettes neufs et propres, accès aux équipements de la cuisine, à la chambre à coucher, salon et salle bain.  Oui, pour l'accueil et savoir si personne ne manque de rien Quartier très paisible, marché le dimanche matin à 50 mètres en direction du château & parc de Vincennes. Commerçant et restauration pas trop excessif à proximité. Ballade à cours St. Emilion et Bercy a pied ou en bus (le 64) Métro ligne 6 & 8 à Daumesnil, 8 à miche Bizot. Tramway T3 au niveau de porte dorée (environ 100 mètres)  Accès au mono prix (de 9h a 22h) en bas de l'appartement et un magasin bio (pas très cher) en bas de l'immeuble!
13484	Il comprend ; une petite cuisine avec  four, micro onde, frigo, plaques chauffantes,  un salon avec une télévision, un lecteur dvd et des films à disposition. Une table, des rangements pour les affaires. un canapé lit en position lit (matelas bultex mais qui s'est creusé avec les années) Un ventilateur en cas de grosse température.  Une salle de bain avec une baignoire sabot, un lavabo et les wc. Un petit couloir avec une penderie. et le plus : un balcon avec une table, deux chaises, et un fauteuil.	Studio de 20m2 très agréable dans résidence calme à 10mn à pied de la Bastille et de la Nation,  à 20 mn du marais (ou 3 stations de métro). Situé au 1er étage avec ascenseur, sur cour arborée. Balcon avec table et chaises  donnant sur un jardinet. Il comprend ; une petite cuisine avec  four, micro onde, frigo, plaques chauffantes,  un salon avec une télévision, un lecteur dvd et des films à disposition. Une table, des rangements pour les affaires. un canapé lit en position lit (matelas bultex mais qui s'est creusé avec les années) Un ventilateur en cas de grosse température.  Une salle de bain avec une baignoire sabot, un lavabo et les wc. Un petit couloir avec une penderie. et le plus : un balcon avec une table, deux chaises, et un fauteuil. Je ne serai pas sur Paris sur cette période. Un ami vous remettra les clés et vous donnera tous les détails et explications nécessaires pour que votre séjour soit le plus agréable possible. studio de 20m2 qui se situe dans une rue calme près du F
13485	Un appartement de 60m2, situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'une petite copropriété. Nous y vivons à l'année, donc en principe vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin :) 	Le charme parisien à deux pas du bois de Vincennes au pied des métro et tramway Porte Dorée. Un appartement lumineux et chaleureux que nous vous proposons pour une parenthèse d'un été à Paris.  Place de parking incluse. Un appartement de 60m2, situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur d'une petite copropriété. Nous y vivons à l'année, donc en principe vous trouverez tout ce dont vous avez besoin :) Accès  - en métro : Ligne 8 station Porte Dorée  - en tram : T3 station Porte Dorée  - par la route depuis les aéroports (à 20 minutes en taxi de l'aéroport d'Orly). Nous mettrons à votre disposition toutes nos bonnes adresses détente, restau, sorties pour profiter au mieux de Paris et ses alentours. > A deux pas du bois de Vincennes, un écrin de verdure à Paris propice à la détente et aux ballades que vous débuterez autour du Lac Daumesnil aux abords duquel vous pourrez vous poser quelques heures pour un pique-nique avant de poursuivre plus loin dans le bois au besoin en y louant des vélos.  > A q
13486		Appartement calme et lumineux, .  Proche tous commerces. Bien situé, à 50 m des métros Picpus et Bel Air et à 10 min de la gare de Lyon. Idéal pour une personne seule ou pour un couple. Grande chambre, lit double, salon, coin cuisine et salle de bain
13487		Deux pièces à la décoration minimaliste pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. Situé à 1mn du métro Porte de Vincennes (ligne 1) .
13488	L'appartement est situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble calme. Il dispose d'un séjour lumineux, une chambre sur cour, un bureau et une cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, four électrique et lave-linge.  En bas de la rue, vous trouverez la meilleure boulangerie du quartier, un supermarché et un marché en plein air 2 fois par semaine. Le lac Daumesnil et le bois de Vincennes sont à 5 minutes à pied, le parc floral et le château de Vincennes à 15 min en bus, et le quartier de la Bastille à 10min en métro. Bus, métro et tramway sont accessibles en moins de 2min.  N'hésitez pas à demander plus d'infos! Martin. ------ The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a quiet building. It has a bright living room, a bedroom on a courtyard, a room of supplement and a kitchen with a washing machine.  Down the street, you will find the best bakery of the district, a supermarket and the open-air market twice a week. The lake Daumesnil and the wood of Vincennes are 5 minutes away	L'appartement est situé au 3e étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble calme. Il dispose d'un séjour lumineux, une chambre sur cour, un bureau et une cuisine équipée avec réfrigérateur, four électrique et lave-linge.  En bas de la rue, vous trouverez la meilleure boulangerie du quartier, un supermarché et un marché en plein air 2 fois par semaine. Le lac Daumesnil et le bois de Vincennes sont à 5 minutes à pied, le parc floral et le château de Vincennes à 15 min en bus, et le quartier de la Bastille à 10min en métro. Bus, métro et tramway sont accessibles en moins de 2min.  N'hésitez pas à demander plus d'infos! Martin. ------ The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator of a quiet building. It has a bright living room, a bedroom on a courtyard, a room of supplement and a kitchen with a washing machine.  Down the street, you will find the best bakery of the district, a supermarket and the open-air market twice a week. The lake Daumesnil and the wood of Vincennes are 5 minutes away
13489	Le logement est très sympa, le seul petit hic reste la salle de bain qui est très petite, c'est souvent le cas des logements parisiens. Je le propose lors de mes départs en weekend ou en vacances et j'y vis confortablement le reste du temps.	Petit appartement en Rez-de-chaussée sur cour. Il est pratique et bien situé, près de nombreux commerces et de bars. La station de métro Nation est parfaite pour être n'importe où dans Paris rapidement (ligne de métro 1, 2, 6 et 9 + RER A) Le logement est très sympa, le seul petit hic reste la salle de bain qui est très petite, c'est souvent le cas des logements parisiens. Je le propose lors de mes départs en weekend ou en vacances et j'y vis confortablement le reste du temps. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement et la terrasse est ouverte. En revanche, il s'agit d'une cour ouverte aux voisins donc pas possible de faire de grosse soirée mais de petits apéros sont les bienvenus. A 150m de la place de la Nation, le quartier est calme et sympa. Quelques bars, des magasins, un parc à proximité, un marché le dimanche matin ... La station métro est très pratique avec les lignes de métro 1, 2, 6, 9 et le RER A. Il y a même le tram à Porte de Vincennes (500m).  De nombreux bus desservent égal
13490	Dans une décoration vintage et simple, ce charmant studio vous accueille dans une ambiance chaleureuse et unique, avec vue sur les toits de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et très accessible en métro ! In a vintage decoration, this charming studio is perfect for two friends, lovers or siblings, with one child (extra mattress available)	Typical building,7th floor studio (lift) perfect for 2 travelers searching for a glimp at parisian life!View on Paris' roof In a nice area - close to metro lines:1,2,6,9,A Straight to the Eiffel Towel,Louvre,Marais,Montmartre ONLY W-E fri-aft/mon Dans une décoration vintage et simple, ce charmant studio vous accueille dans une ambiance chaleureuse et unique, avec vue sur les toits de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et très accessible en métro ! In a vintage decoration, this charming studio is perfect for two friends, lovers or siblings, with one child (extra mattress available) On the last floor of this family building, you will have the all studio for you (kitchen, bathroom and livingroom) ! You will have an access to Internet and a wonderful view on Paris' roof and the light of the Eiffel Tower ! contactez-nous à tout moment, nous serons heureux de vous répondre et de vous rencontrer ! :) You can contact us anytime and we will make our possible to come back to you as fast as we can :)
13491	L'appartement est situé au 6e et dernier étage (attention sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble de rapport typiquement parisien. Il est composé de 3 chambres orientées nord sur une petite place avec fontaine et d'un salon avec un petit balcon plein sud.	Belle chambre au calme à louer dans appartement en colocation à proximité de Bastille avec son opéra et ses rues animées, mais aussi de la coulée verte et du Parc Omnisport de Paris-Bercy L'appartement est situé au 6e et dernier étage (attention sans ascenseur) d'un bel immeuble de rapport typiquement parisien. Il est composé de 3 chambres orientées nord sur une petite place avec fontaine et d'un salon avec un petit balcon plein sud. Les visiteurs pourront accéder à l'ensemble des pièces de vie à leur convenance et accéder au balcon s'ils souhaitent fumer, profiter de notre petit potager ou simplement du soleil Nous serons ravi de partager un verre de vin avec nos hôtes afin de faire plus ample connaissance L'appartement se situe aux limites entre le quartier des Quinze-Vingt (Bastille et sa vie nocture, le marché d'Aligre), le quartier de Bercy avec sa grande salle de spectacle Bercy Arena, son impressionnant ministère et la gare de Lyon et enfin le quartier Picpus, résidentiel. Nous 
13492	studio de 17 m2 très bien aménagé, avec un canapé lit et un lit une place en mezzanine.( draps,serviette de serviette fournis) La salle d'eau comprend  une douche,un lavabo et 1 WC. Un armoire et une commode pour le rangement de vos affaires sont a  disposition. Coin cuisine équipée (four multifontions,frigo,plaques électrique,bouilloire,cafetière,grille- pain). Nice studio  of 17 m2 very well equipped , with a sofa bed and a single bed on the mezzanine. (sheets, towel towel provided) The bathroom has a shower , sink and 1 toilet. A wardrobe and a dresser are at your disposal . Kitchen (oven Multifunction , refrigerator, electric stove, kettle, toaster ) 	cosy studio in the 12th, It takes only 2min to walk to subway.
13493	L'appartement est très agréable, situé à quelques minutes à pied de la place de la Nation. De l'autre côté de la rue se trouve la célèbre rue du Rendez-vous, et ces nombreux commerces de bouche qui régaleront vos papilles!	Appartement avec mezzanine en duplex, très mignon, refait entièrement à neuf. 1 chambre à l'étage + 1 canapé convertible dans le salon. Salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne. Cuisine toute équipée, four, plaques à induction. Machine à laver. L'appartement est très agréable, situé à quelques minutes à pied de la place de la Nation. De l'autre côté de la rue se trouve la célèbre rue du Rendez-vous, et ces nombreux commerces de bouche qui régaleront vos papilles! Vous aurez accès à tout dans l'appartement : TV, internet, machine à laver... Je suis à votre disposition pour vous conseiller lors de la préparation de votre séjour à Paris... Je vous laisserai toutes mes meilleures adresses, les quartiers que je préfère, Quartier Picpus, à moins de 10 minutes à pied de la Place de la Nation (RER A, métro 1, 2, 6, 9 et tram 3a et 3b à porte de Vincennes). Quartier animé, l'appartement est situé face à la célèbre rue du Rendez-vous, où vous trouverez tous les petits commerces de bouche et petit
13494	Logement charmant. Propre. Parquet vous au sol. Cuisine indépendante. Salle de bain baignoire 	Logement agréable en face du Parc de Vincennes. A 1 min du Lac. Calme. Tous commerces. Brasserie. Fast Food. Musée. Zoo. Metro Porte Dorée. Tram. Bus. Logement charmant. Propre. Parquet vous au sol. Cuisine indépendante. Salle de bain baignoire Joignable par téléphone Toutes commodités Métro ligne 8 Porte Dorée Tram 3A Porte Dorée
13495	Parfait pour 2 couples ou une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants Cuisine très bien équipée pour ceux aimant cuisiner, avec piano de cuisson Aucun vis à vis 	2ème ascenseur, 76m2 2 chambres+ 1 chambre enfant Cuisine équipée  Parquet - moulures, décoration moderne. Petite salle de bain douche à l'italienne WC indépendant Ligne 1 métro au pied de l'immeuble. 5 min à pied marché Aligre et Gare de Lyon Parfait pour 2 couples ou une famille avec 2 ou 3 enfants Cuisine très bien équipée pour ceux aimant cuisiner, avec piano de cuisson Aucun vis à vis Tout l'appartement 5 minutes à pied du magnifique marché d'Aligre (Poissonnier - Bouchers - fromagers - maraichers etc...) 5 min à pied de la gare de Lyon et de la place de la Nation Quartier arboré  Place de la Bastille à proximité Métro ligne 1 et 8 en bas de l'immeuble (1 station de la gare de lyon) Arrêt Reuilly Diderot RER a gare de lyon ou Nation (à une station de métro)
13496	Large, quiet and bright 2 room appartement (50m² / 5000 Sqft) located at Gare de Lyon (100 meters from Metro line 1, 14, 6, A) and one stop away from Chatelet which brings you in the heart of Paris / Le Marais in 5 min.  Also 1min away from Palais de Bercy (ideal for concert, shows and sports),  Grande Bibliothèque and its parks and cinemas. A velib station is also located in front of the building, should you wish to cycle in Paris. Being an interior designer, my appartment is decorated with great attention. The appartment is fully refurbished and equipped (Washing machine, Led TV, Wifi, iron, microwave, large dressing and all kitchen tools) and includes: - A lobby serving the kitchen and the living room - A large living room with table and chairs, a very comfortable sofa (that turns into a real Bed with thick mattress in seconds). - A kitchen with all amenities will enable you to prepare your breakfast and cook.  - A large balcony accessible from the living room with A table and chair	Large, quiet and bright 2 room appartement (50m² / 5000 Sqft) located at Gare de Lyon, one metro stop away from Chatelet which brings you in the heart of Paris / Le Marais in 5 min Large, quiet and bright 2 room appartement (50m² / 5000 Sqft) located at Gare de Lyon (100 meters from Metro line 1, 14, 6, A) and one stop away from Chatelet which brings you in the heart of Paris / Le Marais in 5 min.  Also 1min away from Palais de Bercy (ideal for concert, shows and sports),  Grande Bibliothèque and its parks and cinemas. A velib station is also located in front of the building, should you wish to cycle in Paris. Being an interior designer, my appartment is decorated with great attention. The appartment is fully refurbished and equipped (Washing machine, Led TV, Wifi, iron, microwave, large dressing and all kitchen tools) and includes: - A lobby serving the kitchen and the living room - A large living room with table and chairs, a very comfortable sofa (that turns into a real Bed with thi
13497	Appartement sous les toits poutres apparentes, il dispose d'un belle espace de vie de 3 vraies chambres ainsi que 1 douche et 1 salle de bain. En plein centre de Paris dans un quartier typique il vous permettra de vivre comme de vrais parisiens et surtout de pouvoir circuler dans Paris métro bus RER et train au pieds de l'appartement  . 	Appartement de 95 m2 familial  1 lit double  3 lits simples 1 salle de bain 1 salle de douche internet + TV Appartement sous les toits poutres apparentes, il dispose d'un belle espace de vie de 3 vraies chambres ainsi que 1 douche et 1 salle de bain. En plein centre de Paris dans un quartier typique il vous permettra de vivre comme de vrais parisiens et surtout de pouvoir circuler dans Paris métro bus RER et train au pieds de l'appartement  . Vous pouvez accéder à l'appartement par: RER, train, Bus et métro, à 5mn la gare de Lyon ou il y aussi le bus air France ainsi que le TGV, à 20 mn la gare d'Austerlitz et direct en bus la gare Montparnasse. Nous sommes aussi pas loing de la gare du Nord et de L'Est ainsi que la gare Saint Lazard direct en métro   Si vous avez des demandes particulières comme le ménage, les draps, baby siting et et pourquoi pas un parking, faites moi vos demandes et je ferai mon possible pour vous satisfaire. Mon quartier est typique, marché, restaurants en face de
13498		Au 5ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble très bien tenu, calme et très lumineux, entièrement sur cour, 2 pièces, grande chambre, salon, cuisine séparée. M8/M8 (Daumesnil) à 2mn. A deux pas de Bercy. Seine, Bastille et Vincennes à proximité!
13499	The apartment is very quiet, overlooking a garden. It faces south so it is flooded with light all day. It is on the 2nd floor. There are two rooms: a living room / kitchen and a very quiet bedroom overlooking the courtyard. The apartment is located in the Aligre market street, 2 steps from the Gare de Lyon and Place de la Bastille. The kitchen has an oven, induction hob, Smeg fridge and dishwasher. The bathroom is equipped with a shower and a washing machine. We use our mac 24in to watch TV, movies, listen to music and radio. It is of course equipped with wifi. The area is absolutely thrilling. The Aligre market (every morning!) Is one of the most beautiful in Paris. There are many very friendly Parisian cafes and excellent French and Italian restaurants nearby. There are Velib terminals around the neighborhood. Enjoy Paris by bike! The closest metro stations are at 4 minutes walk: Ledru Rolin (line 8) and Gare de Lyon (lines 1 & 14 and RER A). To note: Sheets and towels provided We mu	The apartment is very quiet, overlooking a garden. It faces south so it is flooded with light all day. It is on the 2nd floor. There are two rooms: a living room / kitchen and a very quiet bedroom overlooking the courtyard. The apartment is located in the Aligre market street, 2 steps from the Gare de Lyon and Place de la Bastille. The kitchen has an oven, induction hob, Smeg fridge and dishwasher. The bathroom is equipped with a shower and a washing machine. We use our mac 24in to watch TV, movies, listen to music and radio. It is of course equipped with wifi. The area is absolutely thrilling. The Aligre market (every morning!) Is one of the most beautiful in Paris. There are many very friendly Parisian cafes and excellent French and Italian restaurants nearby. There are Velib terminals around the neighborhood. Enjoy Paris by bike! The closest metro stations are at 4 minutes walk: Ledru Rolin (line 8) and Gare de Lyon (lines 1 & 14 and RER A). To note: Sheets and towels provided We mu
