7500		L'appartement fait 28m2, se situe au 5eme et dernier étage sans ascenseur  Un lit double et un lit simple, kitchenette et salle de bain/WC. The flat is 28m2, 5th. fl. without elevator. One double and one single bed, kitchen and bathroom with toilets Le quartier est tres agréable proche de gare de l' est et gare du nord mais aussi de republique .aussi beaucoup de metro . Et une station de velib juste dans la rue . Quartier plutot jeune et multicolores . Marché couvert , st martin juste en bas. Beaucoup de restaurant , de cafés bars , cinema , théatre... bref , un appart au calme , dans un quartier plus que vivant !
7501	Within minutes of the Gare du L'Est and Gare du Nord metro stations, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, Italian-style bathroom, home cinema, plasma TV, high-end appliances, and even a powerplate! You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 4 double beds, one single extra bed and a sofa bed for 2 people Apartment details: - 1 bedroom in the mezzanine area that can be separated by a set of curtains (room 4 on the layout): Comfortable mattress without box spring.  - 1 bedroom fully seperate bedroom (room 1 on the layout) with a comfortable mattress and box spring. - 2 other bedrooms seperated by a well isolated wall in order to create privacy (bedrooms 2 and 3 on the layout): bedroom 3 has a comfortable mattress and box spring and bedroom 2 has a more firm yet comfortable futon mattress. - 1 extra (single) mattress available for a 9th person - 1 air mattress for a 10th person  You will enjoy this qui	Within minutes of the Gare du L'Est and Gare du Nord metro stations, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your stay memorable. You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with . 4 bedrooms Within minutes of the Gare du L'Est and Gare du Nord metro stations, this spacious luxury apartment features all you will need to make your Parisian stay memorable: Modern furniture, Italian-style bathroom, home cinema, plasma TV, high-end appliances, and even a powerplate! You will feel right at home in this Parisian loft with 4 double beds, one single extra bed and a sofa bed for 2 people Apartment details: - 1 bedroom in the mezzanine area that can be separated by a set of curtains (room 4 on the layout): Comfortable mattress without box spring.  - 1 bedroom fully seperate bedroom (room 1 on the layout) with a comfortable mattress and box spring. - 2 other bedrooms seperated by a well isolated wall in order to create privacy (bedrooms 2 and 3 on the layout): bedr
7502	- Vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur - Appartement très calme, en hauteur - Pas de vis à vis - Propre et décoré, agréable à vivre	Charmant studio disponible le long du Canal St Martin, en plein de coeur de Paris et du quartier animé de République. Appartement en hauteur, avec magnifique vue sur le Sacré Coeur, et très calme.  Facilement accessible en métro et trains ! - Vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur - Appartement très calme, en hauteur - Pas de vis à vis - Propre et décoré, agréable à vivre Quartier République, très dynamique et bordant le Canal St Martin Métros disponibles à quelques minutes à pieds, stations de vélos
7503	Very quiet (on courtyards) however bright, on the 4th floor (lift) on 6 of a typical parisian building (early 20th century). Not that soundproof :-( you cannot plan a party ! but you will not be disturbed thanks to the respectful neighbours. 1 double bed, 1 bed settee top of the range (2 persons).  A roomy kitchen and so for the bathroom. washing machine. Wifi, TV large screen.	Save taxi: walk 3 mn from Thallys, Eurostar, Roissy CDG airport train shuttle arrivals. Walking distance from Sacré Coeur, Paris is yours by any mean (bike, bus, tube) Often travelling for business, my flat is alive with my books, CDs, my fridge... Very quiet (on courtyards) however bright, on the 4th floor (lift) on 6 of a typical parisian building (early 20th century). Not that soundproof :-( you cannot plan a party ! but you will not be disturbed thanks to the respectful neighbours. 1 double bed, 1 bed settee top of the range (2 persons).  A roomy kitchen and so for the bathroom. washing machine. Wifi, TV large screen. When possible, I will hand the keys over to you dorectly. Otherwise, it could be one of the BnBsitter (see (website hidden)) No real restriction, except to my closet. I can welcome you when I am present, but most of the time, I will let you the keys to let you enjoy the flat during my travels or  the week-ends. I will be happy to help or to advice on the phone wheneve
7504		Sunny one-bedroom apartment on a calm courtyard at the heart of trendy and bustling 10th arrondissement, between Montmartre, the Marais and the Canal Saint-Martin. Next door to one of the oldest markets in Paris and to a brand new public library. My friend Anne who runs a vintage furniture business based in my building ((website hidden)) will be there to assist you if you have any queries. A unique mix of different ethnic and cultural communities, the 10th arrondissement is a perfect crossroads between the touristy centre of the city (3rd, 9th) and the authentic, popular vibe of East Paris (11th, 18th, 19th). A 3-min walk to Gare de l'Est (métro lines 4 and 5, bus lines 30, 32, 38...) A 10-min walk to Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (métro lines 8, 9 and 4) Here's a map of the métro network : (website hidden)_plan.php?fm=pdf&loc=reseaux&nompdf=metro
7505		60m2 cosy flat, high ceiling, south oriented glass wall, located in calm green passage.  Very dynamic area with plenty cafés, restaurants around the corner. 5-10 mn walk to Canal St-Martin, République, Montorgueuil, le Marais - Or 2mn to Metro 4/8/9.
7506	Situé au coeur de Paris avec parking	Situé au coeur de Paris avec parking Canal st Martin Place de République Gare de l'est Canal st Martin Tous types de transports
7507	Charming 1-bedroom apartment (452 sq²) overlooking the canal Saint-Martin in the heart of the 10th arrondissement of Paris, an area both hip and popular, that we could call “boho”, lively bars and restaurants, 3 metro stations (M 2, 5, 7 & 7bis) nearby with direct lines to Bastille (12 mn), the Champs-Elysées (16 mn), Notre-Dame cathedral (16 mn), the Louvre museum (14 mn), nice walks alongside the canal displaying  a singular (and not very much known) scenery in the heart of the city.   The six-story apartment-building is typically Parisian and was built in the 1930’s: antique wood floor, high ceilings (10.50 ft) with a crown molding.  Nice living room with a fully equipped open-plan kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, induction plaques), bookcase at your disposal, as well as a set of the famous French “pétanque” game (there are plenty of “pétanque” grounds scattered around Paris, check out the one at the Eiffel Tower gardens, they’re very nice + there’s a basket ba	Charming 1-bedroom apartment (452 ft²) overlooking the canal Saint-Martin in the heart of the 10th arrondissement of Paris, an area both hip and popular, that we could call “boho”, lively bars and restaurants, 3 metro stations (M 2, 5, 7 & 7bis)... Charming 1-bedroom apartment (452 sq²) overlooking the canal Saint-Martin in the heart of the 10th arrondissement of Paris, an area both hip and popular, that we could call “boho”, lively bars and restaurants, 3 metro stations (M 2, 5, 7 & 7bis) nearby with direct lines to Bastille (12 mn), the Champs-Elysées (16 mn), Notre-Dame cathedral (16 mn), the Louvre museum (14 mn), nice walks alongside the canal displaying  a singular (and not very much known) scenery in the heart of the city.   The six-story apartment-building is typically Parisian and was built in the 1930’s: antique wood floor, high ceilings (10.50 ft) with a crown molding.  Nice living room with a fully equipped open-plan kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, in
7508	We rent our apartment, of 47 m2, for 2 people.  Our apartment is situated downtown Paris, at metro Colonel Fabien (line 2), in the 10th arrondissement, near Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont. It is ideal to visit Paris and live like a real Parisian ! From the apartment, between 2 metro lines, you go directly to many famous places:  Line 2 : Montmartre (“Anvers” station) and Pigalle, Champs directly to many famous places: Elysees (“Etoile” station) and Père Lachaise (station “Père Lachaise”), Line 11 : to Beaubourg, BHV and rue de Rivoli  You can also use velib (bikes) and autolib (electric cars), there are many stations 5 minutes walking max. There are many restaurants and bars neighbourhood, but you can also cook in our practical kitchen.  We will leave a personal guide to our hosts : some tips to nice restaurants, café, bakeries... :) The apartment is calm.  I can welcome 2 people maximum, who will share the queen bed (160cm x 200cm) in the separate bedroom. This is ideal for a cou	Welcome in Paris, feel at home at Aurélie & Quentin's ! We rent our apartment, of 47 m2, for 2 people.  Our apartment is situated downtown Paris, at metro Colonel Fabien (line 2), in the 10th arrondissement, near Canal St Martin and Buttes Chaumont. It is ideal to visit Paris and live like a real Parisian ! From the apartment, between 2 metro lines, you go directly to many famous places:  Line 2 : Montmartre (“Anvers” station) and Pigalle, Champs directly to many famous places: Elysees (“Etoile” station) and Père Lachaise (station “Père Lachaise”), Line 11 : to Beaubourg, BHV and rue de Rivoli  You can also use velib (bikes) and autolib (electric cars), there are many stations 5 minutes walking max. There are many restaurants and bars neighbourhood, but you can also cook in our practical kitchen.  We will leave a personal guide to our hosts : some tips to nice restaurants, café, bakeries... :) The apartment is calm.  I can welcome 2 people maximum, who will share the queen bed (160cm x
7509	Unique Loft in central Paris, like a house. Bright, central, equipped, lovely!	Like a litte house in the centre of Paris, 62sqm. Two levels, first one including a large living room +30sqm, with completely equiped kitchen (dryer, washng , dish washer, oven, microwave.... ) kitchen table (6 people)  other level, bedroom+bath.   Unique Loft in central Paris, like a house. Bright, central, equipped, lovely! Two levels, first one including a large living room +30sqm, with completely equiped kitchen (dryer, washng , dish washer, oven, microwave.... ) kitchen table (6 people)  other level, bedroom and bathroom. I will give the keys  show you around and be able to help with any kind of issues or questions you may have the neighborhood here is just fabulous, you have all the grocery, butcher, supermarket you may need and all the best restaurants in the street.  Opera house, or les Grands Magasins or le Marais are just 10mns walk.   you also have 3 underground (Metro) station around the corner
7510	Appartement de charme, tout confort dans quartier central de la vie parisienne (rue faubourg St denis, Canal St Martin, République). Tout Paris accessible à pieds. Bel appartement refait à neuf dans un immeuble et un quartier typiquement parisiens. 40m² : grand séjour lumineux avec 3 belles fenêtres, parquet d’époque en point de Hongrie, cuisine américaine (four, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle). Petite chambre dans une alcôve avec lit 2 places. Salle de bain indépendante avec douche, WC et lave-linge. 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Accès Wifi. Cet appartement bénéficie d’un emplacement très central et stratégique ainsi que d’une vraie vie de quartier grâce à la proximité immédiate de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis :  -commerces de la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis : marché de Saint Quentin, boulangerie, caviste, fromagerie, magasin d'alimentation bio, boucherie, marché de fruits et légumes, supermarchés...  -restaurants : La Fidélité, Lucky Lucciano, La mère Denis, Le Napoléon…  -bars branchés	Appartement de charme, tout confort dans quartier central de la vie parisienne (rue faubourg St denis, Canal St Martin, République). Tout Paris accessible à pieds. Appartement de charme, tout confort dans quartier central de la vie parisienne (rue faubourg St denis, Canal St Martin, République). Tout Paris accessible à pieds. Bel appartement refait à neuf dans un immeuble et un quartier typiquement parisiens. 40m² : grand séjour lumineux avec 3 belles fenêtres, parquet d’époque en point de Hongrie, cuisine américaine (four, réfrigérateur, lave-vaisselle). Petite chambre dans une alcôve avec lit 2 places. Salle de bain indépendante avec douche, WC et lave-linge. 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Accès Wifi. Cet appartement bénéficie d’un emplacement très central et stratégique ainsi que d’une vraie vie de quartier grâce à la proximité immédiate de la rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis :  -commerces de la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis : marché de Saint Quentin, boulangerie, caviste, fromagerie, magasin 
7511	In the heart of Paris, the flat is 45m² on the 5th floor. A colorful living room connected to a modern and all equipped kitchen, a quiet bedroom, separate toilets and a bathroom with a bathtub. You will improve your health climbing everyday because there is no lift! You will be at a walking distance to the lively neighborhoods of Le Canal Saint Martin, Little Paradis, Saint Quentin covered daily market and the Indian area. Plenty of bars, shops and restaurants  in the area. Fully furnished (washing machine, oven, fridge, cooking dishes, hair dryer, iron, Internet access Wifi, bed linen, towels, nail cutter and all!).  Price includes electricity, water, wifi Internet access.	The appartment has 2 room with lovely wooden exposed beams and a spacious and kitchen
7512	Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the lively Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) has a mezzanine with a double bed and 2 sofa beds in the living room, a small bathroom with shower and toilet. Free baby cot on request .The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a medium sized family. Very well equipped, comfortable and warm with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, toaster -Bread, kettle, dishwasher, iron, hair dryer ...) In addition, 15euros/day, it's possible to have a parking. Sheets and towels are furnished. English and spanish speaking.	Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the lively Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) is fully equipped for you. Parking possible in addition. Comfortable and modern loft with a minimalist design along the lively Canal Saint-Martin in the 10th arrondissement of Paris. On the ground floor of a building, this large studio (60 m2) has a mezzanine with a double bed and 2 sofa beds in the living room, a small bathroom with shower and toilet. Free baby cot on request .The apartment is ideal for a group of friends or a medium sized family. Very well equipped, comfortable and warm with everything needed for a comfortable stay, including cable TV and Internet WI-FI, but also a fully equipped kitchen (oven, stove, refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, toaster -Bread, kettle, dishwasher, iron, hair dryer ...) In addition, 15euros/day, it's possible to have a parking. Sheets and towels are furnish
7513	Rue La Fayette  – 75010 Paris Very nice tiny studio, about 20m2, (5th floor with elevator),  in the area known as Canal St-Martin; Ideal for discovering central Paris;15 min walk at Montmartre;.  The apartment consists of a bedroom with a divan bed, a bathroom and an equipped kitchen so you can cook at home. Individuals or couples welcomed.  Available:  Sheets & towels  refrigerator,  Tea, coffee, oil, sugar…  Internet  The whole neighborhood is trendy and romantic, very lively: plenty of designer’s stores, restaurants, tuck shop and galleries around. Here, recommends you the best bakery of Paris: Du pain et des idées, is just magic! Yes, It is! Then we suggest, for your gastronomic pleasure Le Verre Volé, a nice place for drinking good wine with high quality products. We’ll guide you through the surrounding neighbourhood. Also the closest subway stations : 4/ 5/ 7 Gare de l’Est (5 min walk)  4/ 5/ RER B/D Gare du Nord (5min walk – Direct line from the airport) No pets, no smoking, no 	Rue La Fayette  – 75010 Paris Very nice tiny studio, about 20m2, (5th floor with elevator),  in the area known as Canal St-Martin; Ideal for discovering central Paris;15 min walk at Montmartre;.  The apartment consists of a bedroom with a divan bed, a bathroom and an equipped kitchen so you can cook at home. Individuals or couples welcomed.  Available:  Sheets & towels  refrigerator,  Tea, coffee, oil, sugar…  Internet  The whole neighborhood is trendy and romantic, very lively: plenty of designer’s stores, restaurants, tuck shop and galleries around. Here, recommends you the best bakery of Paris: Du pain et des idées, is just magic! Yes, It is! Then we suggest, for your gastronomic pleasure Le Verre Volé, a nice place for drinking good wine with high quality products. We’ll guide you through the surrounding neighbourhood. Also the closest subway stations : 4/ 5/ 7 Gare de l’Est (5 min walk)  4/ 5/ RER B/D Gare du Nord (5min walk – Direct line from the airport) No pets, no smoking, no 
7514	This new refurbished and  quiet apartment  has the typical charm of the old parisian buildings with its beams. It was completely refurbished. The sun lays on our flat in the mainly day time. It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the end of a courtyard and on 3rd Floor. It compose: 1 bedroom  + 1 living room + kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. It offers every comfort needed and conditions for 2-4 people to stay well : 1 double-bed in bed room + 1 double-sofa-bed in living room + Unlimited internet access + 1 big TV + Fully equipped kitchen ( microwave + coffee machine + kettle + iron and ironing board + bed sheets and towels. (If you don't mind the space little tight, we also prepare one air-mattress removal bed for 5th person.) Our flat is in the centre of Paris. And it is also ideal for public transport - very close to the GARE DU NORD which is the biggest trains station in Paris even in Europe. ( It has the train 'RER-B' which directly links with the Airport Charle-du-Gau	The new refurbished and typical-Parisian-style flat is bathing in the full Parisian culture; Ideal place to Eurostar and Airport CDG; Perfect place to discover Paris by Foot or by public transports :10-20mins to the most tourist sites of Paris. This new refurbished and  quiet apartment  has the typical charm of the old parisian buildings with its beams. It was completely refurbished. The sun lays on our flat in the mainly day time. It is quiet for relax because it is situated at the end of a courtyard and on 3rd Floor. It compose: 1 bedroom  + 1 living room + kitchen + 1 bath room with toillet. It offers every comfort needed and conditions for 2-4 people to stay well : 1 double-bed in bed room + 1 double-sofa-bed in living room + Unlimited internet access + 1 big TV + Fully equipped kitchen ( microwave + coffee machine + kettle + iron and ironing board + bed sheets and towels. (If you don't mind the space little tight, we also prepare one air-mattress removal bed for 5th person.) Our f
7515	Our apparemment is a spacious and bright loft, newly refurbished (130m2).  It is located at the last floor of a new building with a flowered courtyard.  2 beautiful terrasses with a nice view on the Canal Saint Martin.  The kitchen is fully equipped.  Bedrooms are spacious and 2 have a direct access to the terrasse on the top.  Parking slot available for cars and also for bikes.	Sunny and spacious loft (130m2) along the Canal Saint Martin.  Apartment located on the last floor of a new building with 2 terrasses (long chairs,BBQ, hamac) 3 bedbrooms, 3 bathrooms, a huge living room and a fully-equipped kitchen. Welcome home! Our apparemment is a spacious and bright loft, newly refurbished (130m2).  It is located at the last floor of a new building with a flowered courtyard.  2 beautiful terrasses with a nice view on the Canal Saint Martin.  The kitchen is fully equipped.  Bedrooms are spacious and 2 have a direct access to the terrasse on the top.  Parking slot available for cars and also for bikes. We rent the loft only entirely. You will have access to all the rooms:  3 bedrooms with each their bathroom and toilets, 1 spacious kitchen and living room, 1 entry, 2 terraces and 2 parkings. We will be there to welcome you at your new home and show you around.  We will be happy to share with you the good adresses to eat and go out  of Paris and of our neighborhood. 
7516		Located in a very pleasant, safe and central area in Paris near the romantic Canal Saint-Martin. I will be there to host you and give you all the details you need to enjoy the most during your stay in Paris (Good restaurants, what to do, how to use velib (the bike service in Paris), what to do outside Paris...) Many metro lines, bus... Neighbors are quiet and nice. The window of the flat lead to a yard. No windows on the street.
7517		Parquet / moulures / sans vis à vis /
7518	There are 2 rooms, 50 m2 total. 1 bedroom with double bed and the big living room with comfortable sofa bed. The linen and duvets are included in the rental. Very well equipped (oven, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, TV).	There are 2 rooms, 50 m2 total. 1 bedroom with double bed and the big living room with comfortable sofa bed. The linen and duvets are included in the rental. Very well equipped (oven, dishwasher, washing machine, internet, TV). We welcome you on your arrival, and are at your disposal for any questions regarding the terms of your stay (transport, outings, events ...). The neighborhood is very nice, cheap for everything (restaurants and bars), we will give you the nices spots. Canal St Martin and Republic Square 5 min walk. Châtelet-Les Halles, Beaubourg Montorgueil and 10 minutes on foot. Metropolitan : -Château d'eau (4) -Jacques Bonsergent (5) -Gare de l'est (4, 5, 7 et RER E) -Strasbourg St-Denis (4, 8 et 9) -République (3, 5, 8, 9 et 11) Bus : -38 -39 -47 Train stations : -Gare de l'est (5 min) -Gare du nord (10 min with RER B from CDG airport).
7519	 Right in the center of Belleville, close to the Canal Saint-Matin and only 15 minutes from Place de la République, the Marais, the Centre Pompidou … the apartment is located in a quiet street at Place Sainte-Marthe (little Marseille in Paris). It's a lovely 80 sqm apartment, ideal for a family or a group of friends.  There's enough space for 5 persons: a large living room (with 1 sofa bed if needed), 3 bedrooms (2 bedrooms with double beds and 1 bedroom with a bunk bed for one person), 1 rest room and 1 bathroom.  Fully equipped: free wifi internet access, TV, dishwasher, washing machine.  Perfect for a family stay in the center of Paris, but away from all the traffic and noise.  We would be happy to rent our apartment  	 Right in the center of Belleville, close to the Canal Saint-Matin and only 15 minutes from Place de la République, the Marais, the Centre Pompidou … the apartment is located in a quiet street at Place Sainte-Marthe (little Marseille in Paris). It's a lovely 80 sqm apartment, ideal for a family or a group of friends.  There's enough space for 5 persons: a large living room (with 1 sofa bed if needed), 3 bedrooms (2 bedrooms with double beds and 1 bedroom with a bunk bed for one person), 1 rest room and 1 bathroom.  Fully equipped: free wifi internet access, TV, dishwasher, washing machine.  Perfect for a family stay in the center of Paris, but away from all the traffic and noise.  We would be happy to rent our apartment  
7520	Perfect for up to 2 guests, this apartment has a fresh feel to Paris spread in 38m2. 1 Bedroom, 1 Shower room, Living area, dining table, open plan kitchen well equipped with microwave oven, ceramic cook top, washer, iron and hairdryer. The building has 2 elevators.	Perfect for up to 2 guests, this apartment has a fresh feel to Paris spread in 38m2. 1 Bedroom, 1 Shower room, Living area, dining table, open plan kitchen well equipped with microwave oven, ceramic cook top, washer, iron and hairdryer. The building has 2 elevators. Guests have access to entire property, towels, linen and internet are included. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your passport is required at check in.
7521	Loue chambre de 18 mètres carres dans bel appartement Haussmannien de 75 mètres carrés. Appartement tout équipé et tout confort (internet,télévision privée,lave vaisselle, lave linge.....) Métro gare du nord qui dessert tout Paris au niveau des transports en commun(aussi bien métro que RER) Direct pour tous aéroports(CDG et Orly) Thalys et eurostar en bas de la maison. 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, 15 minutes à pied de république, 15 mns à pied des grands boulevard(galeries Lafayette,opéra...ect) Possibilité de faire sa cuisine. Ambiance cosy et familiale. 	Loue chambre de 18 mètres carres dans bel appartement Haussmannien de 75 mètres carrés. Appartement tout équipé et tout confort (internet,télévision privée,lave vaisselle, lave linge.....) Métro gare du nord qui dessert tout Paris au niveau des transports en commun(aussi bien métro que RER) Direct pour tous aéroports(CDG et Orly) Thalys et eurostar en bas de la maison. 10 minutes à pieds de Montmartre, 15 minutes à pied de république, 15 mns à pied des grands boulevard(galeries Lafayette,opéra...ect) Possibilité de faire sa cuisine. Ambiance cosy et familiale. 
7522	Appartment on the top floor (5th) of a typical Parisian building with an elevator, very bright, spacious, very quiet, a lot of charm and ideally located. (Place de la Republique, Canal Saint-Martin, Oberkampf). We  have a big room with a top class matress and linens.  You have the possibilty to take a breakfast on our balcony surrounded by flowers, with the sun almost during the whole day.  Kitchen equiped with all of the basic products.  Very close to all the touristic places (few minutes by metro), very central area.	50 m2 flat, located in the heart of Paris, near Canal Saint-Martin (2 mins). Experience the true Parisian life and enjoy one of the most dynamic and trendy neighborhoods. Typically Parisian flat, hardwood floors, molding, balcony, chimney, 2 rooms. Appartment on the top floor (5th) of a typical Parisian building with an elevator, very bright, spacious, very quiet, a lot of charm and ideally located. (Place de la Republique, Canal Saint-Martin, Oberkampf). We  have a big room with a top class matress and linens.  You have the possibilty to take a breakfast on our balcony surrounded by flowers, with the sun almost during the whole day.  Kitchen equiped with all of the basic products.  Very close to all the touristic places (few minutes by metro), very central area. The apartment fully available with all amenities (WiFi, towels, linen, bathroom, washing machine and dryer, dishwasher, Hifi soundsystem for iphone or ipad,  radio ,art books) Elevator available. I will be available to answer 
7523	The housing is in the 3rd floor. It has high speed Wifi (100mb/s) and contains: - One bedroom with a double bed, pleinty of storage available and a corner office. - A living room with convertible sofa (Single bed), a coffee/dinner table and a TV - A well equipped kitchenette : fridge, oven, microwave, Nespresso, dishwasher, dryer and washing machine. - A bathroom with provided hairdryer, toothpaste, toilet paper, shampoo and shower gel.	This 2 rooms apartment in romantic and animated neighborhood in central Paris can comfortably accommodates 3 people. It is located at walking distance from 3 metro stations. The calendar is up to date. Feel free to use the instant reservation. The housing is in the 3rd floor. It has high speed Wifi (100mb/s) and contains: - One bedroom with a double bed, pleinty of storage available and a corner office. - A living room with convertible sofa (Single bed), a coffee/dinner table and a TV - A well equipped kitchenette : fridge, oven, microwave, Nespresso, dishwasher, dryer and washing machine. - A bathroom with provided hairdryer, toothpaste, toilet paper, shampoo and shower gel. You will have the exclusive use of the whole apartment for yourself. A set of keys will be given to you. The numerous shelves and closets will be left free for your luggage. The beds will be made for you. Linen and towels will be provided. Household products will be provided. The keys will be provided on the first
7524	Charming apartment in Paris, located in the 10th arrondissement, consisting of 2 main rooms for a surface of 32m2, on the 3rd floor. This is a very cozy and comfortable apartment, in a typical Haussman building. Every furniture are scandinavian vintage pieces from the 50s. The bedroom is located on the courtyard side of the apartment, that means : very quiet !!!! The living room is very bright. Wooden floor in every room. The apartment is in perfect state, recently renovated, fully equipped and furnished: - Bedroom: bed king size with an excellent matress, wardrobe. - Kitchen with everything you need for cooking: dishes, cooking utensils, dishwasher, combination microwave oven, fridge-freezer, stove ceramic hob, extractor, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster, juicer ... - Bathroom with shower, sink, toilet, hairdryer - Living room with a large sofa, desk, blue-ray player, games console and Xbox3, LCD TV - Washing machine, dryer, iron, ironing board ... - Sheets, towels are provided - Wi	Charming apartment in Paris, located in the 10th arrondissement, consisting of 2 main rooms for a surface of 32m2, on the 3rd floor. This is a very cozy and comfortable apartment, in a typical Haussman building. Every furniture are scandinavian vintage pieces from the 50s. The bedroom is located on the courtyard side of the apartment, that means : very quiet !!!! The living room is very bright. Wooden floor in every room. The apartment is in perfect state, recently renovated, fully equipped and furnished: - Bedroom: bed king size with an excellent matress, wardrobe. - Kitchen with everything you need for cooking: dishes, cooking utensils, dishwasher, combination microwave oven, fridge-freezer, stove ceramic hob, extractor, Nespresso machine, kettle, toaster, juicer ... - Bathroom with shower, sink, toilet, hairdryer - Living room with a large sofa, desk, blue-ray player, games console and Xbox3, LCD TV - Washing machine, dryer, iron, ironing board ... - Sheets, towels are provided - Wi
7525	A confortable 20m2 bedroom in a 75m2 apartment. The bed is a very confortable king size one with 2 mattresses joined in one bed. The furnitures are all from the 18th century. You can enjoy a wardrobe in the bedroom to put all you clothes.  The bathroom is very large and contemporary with a huge walk-in shower. Sheets, towels and soap included. A continental breakfast is included : croissant, tea or coffee, orange juice, bred, butter and jam.	A confortable 20m2 bedroom in a 75m2 apartment. The bed is a very confortable king size one with 2 mattresses joined in one bed. The furnitures are all from the 18th century. You can enjoy a wardrobe in the bedroom to put all you clothes.  The bathroom is very large and contemporary with a huge walk-in shower. Sheets, towels and soap included. A continental breakfast is included : croissant, tea or coffee, orange juice, bred, butter and jam. to the bedroom and the bathroom I provide trays to have your breakfast in your bedroom.  I can give you some advices about many out of the beaten track activities. I am very found of the cultural life in this wonderful city (museums, exhibitions, theatres, classical concerts, ...) I like to talk and I would be very happy to share some international conversations if you willing to. Lively and central neighborhood with trendy shops, bars and restaurants. It is a non-touristic area, full of young and arty people. The canal saint martin is very pleasan
7526	small apartment of 35m2, for 4 persaoin located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, in the district of central Paris runway is good news subway (2min). With Internet access, washing machine, oven, microwave and all modern comforts. apartment, we offe metro bonne nouvelle 2 mint  es metro sentier 3mint es metro strasbourg saint denis  AEROPORTS DE PARIS 30 MINT RER B	small apartment of 35m2, for 4 persaoin located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, in the district of central Paris runway is good news subway (2min). With Internet access, washing machine, oven, microwave and all modern comforts. apartment, we offe small apartment of 35m2, for 4 persaoin located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, in the district of central Paris runway is good news subway (2min). With Internet access, washing machine, oven, microwave and all modern comforts. apartment, we offe metro bonne nouvelle 2 mint  es metro sentier 3mint es metro strasbourg saint denis  AEROPORTS DE PARIS 30 MINT RER B metro bonne nouvelle 2 mint  es metro sentier 3mint es metro strasbourg saint denis  AEROPORTS DE PARIS 30 MINT RER B
7527	Stay in our studio (25 sqm), ideal for one or two in the center of Paris, at 10/15 mn by foot from Montmartre, and 2mn from Canal St Martin; furnished, renovated and equipped. Underground at the corner (Louis blanc, Line 7/Jaures, Line 5, 2, Stalingrad, Line 2 ) Direct access from GARE DE L'EST ( Railway station) , GARE DU NORD (Railway station) The quarter is lovely and authentic, bohemian as well as exotic, Ideal place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple: Several bus-lines, including night-lines, are just in front of the door. Easy access to go everywhere, in 15 minutes you can be at the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower , Notre Dame or Montmartre. 10 min or less to Beaubourg, Les Halles (the center), Galleries Lafayette, the Opera, Place Vendôme.. Detailed description: - Hall with small kitchenette - Small shower room with shower and toilet, - Main room with table, sofa/bed - INTERNET, WiFi - 5th floor All commodities like post-office, money-change, bank, supermarket (8am – 	Charming 25m2 apartment, located by the metro, beautiful pedestrian walks along the canal every Sunday. Several supermarkets and other shop in the area. This apartment offers a beautiful light throughout the day. Stay in our studio (25 sqm), ideal for one or two in the center of Paris, at 10/15 mn by foot from Montmartre, and 2mn from Canal St Martin; furnished, renovated and equipped. Underground at the corner (Louis blanc, Line 7/Jaures, Line 5, 2, Stalingrad, Line 2 ) Direct access from GARE DE L'EST ( Railway station) , GARE DU NORD (Railway station) The quarter is lovely and authentic, bohemian as well as exotic, Ideal place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple: Several bus-lines, including night-lines, are just in front of the door. Easy access to go everywhere, in 15 minutes you can be at the Champs-Elysées, the Eiffel Tower , Notre Dame or Montmartre. 10 min or less to Beaubourg, Les Halles (the center), Galleries Lafayette, the Opera, Place Vendôme.. Detailed descripti
7528	"This appartement is really unique : the building looks like a house. You'll stay in the same time on the 1st floor and under the roof. The space is totally open, with high ceiling. You have 3 big windows and view on the ""Place Colonel Fabien"".  On the first floor you can find the entrance, the kitchen and the living room. Upstairs there's the bedroom and the bathroom. The appartement is very bright, and cosy. All settings and fourniture are made by an architect."	"This cute duplex is located between the trendy canal Saint-Martin and the famous park ""Buttes Chaumont"". The neighborhood is amazing : lot of bars, restaurants, grocerys, ... in à walking distance. The appartment is in a small building, under the roof. The space is totally open and very bright. This appartement is really unique : the building looks like a house. You'll stay in the same time on the 1st floor and under the roof. The space is totally open, with high ceiling. You have 3 big windows and view on the ""Place Colonel Fabien"".  On the first floor you can find the entrance, the kitchen and the living room. Upstairs there's the bedroom and the bathroom. The appartement is very bright, and cosy. All settings and fourniture are made by an architect. You're gonna access to all you need for cooking, diswasher, washing machine, wifi (fibre), Tv, Sound system, hair dryer... No smoking / No animal We love our neighboorhood, there is so much to do, but it's very quiet though. You have the"
7529	Cosy et fonctionnel, ce studio peut accueillir 2 personnes. Au pied du métro Colonel Fabien, vous êtes à 10 minutes de Montmartre et 20 des Champs - Elysées avec la ligne 2.  Situé au deuxième étage (sur cour) d'un immeuble avec digicode, ce studio possède un très grand canapé convertible (1,60m x 2m), une cuisine équipée (deux plaques chauffantes, frigidaire, grille-pain, bouilloire électrique, cafetière traditionnelle, vaisselles et casseroles, machine à laver séchante). !!! LE STUDIO EST LOUABLE AU MOIS POUR JUILLET ET AOÛT SEULEMENT !!! Bon séjour à tous ! Océanne et Gaëtan Accès internet à débit  (l'installation de la fibre est en cours)   Linge de maison à votre disposition (draps, housse, couette, serviettes) Amoureux du quartier, nous nous ferons un plaisir de vous indiquer nos bonnes adresses du coin. Un joli quartier que celui du Canal Saint-Martin et de l'Hôpital Saint-Louis où vous trouverez de charmants restaurants, cafés et commerces. Proche de Belleville et du Bassin de 	"Welcome to Paris ! Cosy and fonctional studio, short walk from Canal Saint-Martin, Belleville and Buttes Chaumont park. Giant Convertible bed, shower, washing machine-dryer, household linen. Enjoy Paris folks ! :)  Wifi access - low connection (High connection is going to be installed in few days) Sheets and towel at your disposal. Lovers of our neighborhood, we will be pleased to give you some adresses.  The area is quite cool with The Canal Saint Martin at 5 minutes by walk. There are lots of very nice bars and restaurants around ""Rue Bichat"" and ""Quai Jemmapes"". A very Romantic Place ! We love it.  Beside you should go to the Buttes Chaumont Park (10minutes by walk), one of the most beautiful parks in Paris. EASY ACCESS : - METRO Ligne 2 : station ""Colonel Fabien"" / 30m - Bus 46 : station ""Grange aux Belles - Juliette Dodu"" for  ""Colonel Fabien"" / 150m  (5minutes from ""Gare de l'Est"" or ""République"" /10minutes from Gare du Nord) - Bus 75 : station ""Colonel Fabien"" / 50m "
7530	Very enjoyable living space, lightful and quiet,  charming  78m2 apartment ! 	"Very quiet and beautiful two bedrooms apartment in a very attractive and central neighbooroud. Huge bright living room with a fully equiped open kitchen + a large dining table. Close to many metro lines and nice cafes, 5 min walk from République ! Very enjoyable living space, lightful and quiet,  charming  78m2 apartment !  We should be here to welcome you, and to give you great local tips about the area and the city.  The apartment is located in a quiet pedestrian small street (with no car) in the heart of the 10th district, with great access to the main metro lines. The area provides a great deal of cafes and good restaurants, especially in the near by very lively street ' rue du faubourg Saint-Denis "". Market, supermarkets, pharmacies and all accomodations can be find all around the apartement.  The beautiful canal Saint-Martin is only 10 minutes walk from our place, as well as Pace de la Republique. You can get easily to Montmartre or Saint Michel areas in 15 minutes métro. We also"
7531	The flat is composed of two bright rooms, one living room and one bedroom with a comfy kingsize bed. The sofa bed in the living room can welcome two additional hosts. A fully equipped kitchen will enable you to cook if you really want do want to benefit from the dozens of great restaurants in the area. The bathroom is equipped with a great jacuzzi bathtub, and this is cool!	This cosy and bright flat fully equipped is just perfect for a couple coming to Paris. The huge jacuzzi bathtub makes it even cooler :) The neighboordhood is typically parisian since we are just next to the famous Canal Saint Martin!  The flat is composed of two bright rooms, one living room and one bedroom with a comfy kingsize bed. The sofa bed in the living room can welcome two additional hosts. A fully equipped kitchen will enable you to cook if you really want do want to benefit from the dozens of great restaurants in the area. The bathroom is equipped with a great jacuzzi bathtub, and this is cool! My guests are my friends and you can access all what you want in the flat, from internet wifi connection to kitchen appliances... I am used to rent on Airbnb and I have great comments and feedbacks, I am a really easygoing guest whi you can call at anytime during your stay. Canal Saint-Martin, which links the Bassin de la Villette to the Seine, is an ideal place for strolling, cycling 
7532		Charmant studio pour 2 personnes, situé place Sainte-Marthe, quartier coloré et convivial avec ses restaurants du monde entier, ses ateliers d'artiste, ses boutiques de créateur.  Charmant studio pour 2 personnes idéalement situé place Sainte-Marthe, où vous pourrez profiter au calme d'un verre ou d'un dîner en terrasse d'un des restaurants. A 5 min à pied du canal Saint-Martin, vous profiterez de nombreux restaurants, boutiques de créateur, de lieux insolites mais également de la vue nocturne du canal avec ses nombreux bars. A 10 min à pied du parc des Buttes Chaumont, vous pourrez vous y ressourcer le temps d'une balade. Tout proche de la station de métro Colonel Fabien, vous rejoindrez Montmartre en à peine 10 min. Et les 5 lignes de la station République vous emmèneront dans tout Paris en peu de temps.  Également de nombreuses stations de Velib à moins de 100m de l'appartement vous permettront de découvrir Paris autrement ! . Métro : Colonel Fabien (2), Belleville (2,11), Républiqu
7533	This is a beautiful three-room 64m2, very bright (living room, kitchen and the bedroom are facing south-west, direct sunlight!), composed of a living room and two bedrooms. The kitchen is separate and has everything you need: dishwasher, fridge, freezer, microwave, oven, 4 ring hob, toaster, kettle. You can eat in the kitchen at two which is quite nice for breakfast ! The bathroom has a bath and washmachine. The toilets are independent. Wifi is available in all rooms. Now you know everything! Hope to see you there! I will be very happy to welcome you! 	Typical 65 m2 (700 SqFt) parisian flat, consisting of three fully furnished rooms. Ideally located in the 10th district , 15min walk of Republique square and 5min of the lovely Canal Saint -Martin and its small shops and restaurants ! This is a beautiful three-room 64m2, very bright (living room, kitchen and the bedroom are facing south-west, direct sunlight!), composed of a living room and two bedrooms. The kitchen is separate and has everything you need: dishwasher, fridge, freezer, microwave, oven, 4 ring hob, toaster, kettle. You can eat in the kitchen at two which is quite nice for breakfast ! The bathroom has a bath and washmachine. The toilets are independent. Wifi is available in all rooms. Now you know everything! Hope to see you there! I will be very happy to welcome you! About the neighborhood, the apartment is ideally located: at the border of the 10th and 11th arrondissement, in the district of Belleville and the Rue St Maure, a nice mix between popular and trendy neighbor
7534	This is an amazing, well located apartment, overlooking the famous canal Saint Martin dam, where you can see continuous movement of boats during the day, especially in spring and summer.  The building was built over 250 years ago and is considered a as a conservation building. You will truly feel as if you have been sent back in time when you enter the building and start your way up to the six floor. Unfortunately, being such an old building, it doesn't have an elevator, but do not be afraid of the stairs, the marvelous apartment and the breath taking view are worth it !! The apartment is suitable for a romantic getaway or for a family vacation since it is children friendly and well equipped. It has a sofa bed that opens into a comfortable double bed and a sleeping gallery with three other mattresses. Traveling alone you can sleep in the gallery and have plenty of living space in the main area or, if you are traveling with kids they will love the cozy gallery for themselves. The view f	A romantic apartment looking over the dam. This is the only way to stay in Paris a fully experience the atmosphere !! This is an amazing, well located apartment, overlooking the famous canal Saint Martin dam, where you can see continuous movement of boats during the day, especially in spring and summer.  The building was built over 250 years ago and is considered a as a conservation building. You will truly feel as if you have been sent back in time when you enter the building and start your way up to the six floor. Unfortunately, being such an old building, it doesn't have an elevator, but do not be afraid of the stairs, the marvelous apartment and the breath taking view are worth it !! The apartment is suitable for a romantic getaway or for a family vacation since it is children friendly and well equipped. It has a sofa bed that opens into a comfortable double bed and a sleeping gallery with three other mattresses. Traveling alone you can sleep in the gallery and have plenty of livin
7535	L'appartement est au deuxième étage d'une petite maison (comprenant seulement 2 étages), située en plein centre de Paris, mais néanmoins parfaitement calme.  Il comprend 2 autres chambres occupées par deux filles sympas et discrètes, une architecte et une historienne de l'art. 	Je loue une très belle chambre de 20m2 dans un appartement haussmannien de 75m2, extrêmement calme et lumineux, situé au cœur de Paris Tout le confort nécessaire y est présent : machine à laver, baignoire, four et four micro-onde.  L'appartement est au deuxième étage d'une petite maison (comprenant seulement 2 étages), située en plein centre de Paris, mais néanmoins parfaitement calme.  Il comprend 2 autres chambres occupées par deux filles sympas et discrètes, une architecte et une historienne de l'art. Les voyageurs auront accès à la cuisine équipée (four, four micro-onde, grille pain) et à la salle de bain.  Le quartier est vivant, festif et central. A deux pas des musées (Centre Pompidou, Louvre, Orsay) et des monuments Parisiens. Il comprend de très nombreux restaurants et bars et constitue l'un des poumons de la vie parisienne. La rue Saint Denis située derrière la maison est à ne manquer sous aucun prétexte ! Vous pourrez vous balader à pied dans la capitale ou prendre l'une des
7536	Pièce principale avec moulures et une grande fenêtre côté rue  avec double vitrage,une TV plasma,  wifi performant et un lit deux places confortable.  Le logement est situé au 3e étage avec un tout petit ascenseur. Vous serez à proximité ( 10 minutes à pied): - Musées et monuments historiques - Restaurant et Bar - Cinémas - Transports (très bien desservi) - Boutiques (Gallerie Lafayette) - Supermarché	    Appartement de 25m carré, se situe entre le métro 9 bonne nouvelle et le métro 7 poissonnières dans un quartier animé et calme à la fois, au 3éme étage avec ascenseur. À proximité (moins de 10 minutes à pied): -commerces alimentaires -bar/musée    Pièce principale avec moulures et une grande fenêtre côté rue  avec double vitrage,une TV plasma,  wifi performant et un lit deux places confortable.  Le logement est situé au 3e étage avec un tout petit ascenseur. Vous serez à proximité ( 10 minutes à pied): - Musées et monuments historiques - Restaurant et Bar - Cinémas - Transports (très bien desservi) - Boutiques (Gallerie Lafayette) - Supermarché -TV cable - WIFI  - Chauffage  - Coin Cuisine - Draps, oreillers, couette  - Serviette de douche  - Ascenseur  Canapé déplimousse permettant de loger une personne supplémentaire. Je ne serai pas présente lors du séjour du voyageur, contact à l'arrivé et au départ du voyageur. Le quartier Bonne-Nouvelle est une voie de circulation des 2e,9e e
7537	I work in an NGO and leave regularly in mission abroad, and would like people who want to enjoy Paris off the beaten tracks to take benefit from my flat while i am not here. My apartment is a nice T2 (45 m2) in an old Parisian building (fireplaces, ceiling moldings), with a small flowered balcony, a living room, a small kitchen and a quiet room. I hope I have left the print of nature brought back from my life in Madagascar where I used to live. Rue Etienne Dolet overlooks the impressive Eglise de la croix de Ménilmontant you can glimpse in several films (including Inception), at the heart of Ménilmontand neighborhood, celebrated by Charles Trenet and where Edith Piaf did a first concerts in the street. You are also one block from trendy Oberkampf to party all night long (famous for its street art and bars), a street far from Belleville for a culinary shopping turned to the south and Asia, and 5 minutes from the Pere Lachaise cemetery. Just down my street: Ménilmontand the metro (line 2	I work in an NGO and leave regularly in mission abroad, and would like people who want to enjoy Paris off the beaten tracks to take benefit from my flat while i am not here. My apartment is a nice T2 (45 m2) in an old Parisian building (fireplaces, ceiling moldings), with a small flowered balcony, a living room, a small kitchen and a quiet room. I hope I have left the print of nature brought back from my life in Madagascar where I used to live. Rue Etienne Dolet overlooks the impressive Eglise de la croix de Ménilmontant you can glimpse in several films (including Inception), at the heart of Ménilmontand neighborhood, celebrated by Charles Trenet and where Edith Piaf did a first concerts in the street. You are also one block from trendy Oberkampf to party all night long (famous for its street art and bars), a street far from Belleville for a culinary shopping turned to the south and Asia, and 5 minutes from the Pere Lachaise cemetery. Just down my street: Ménilmontand the metro (line 2
7538	42m2 flat,T2, fully furnished : kitchen (oven, hob, fridge, coffee machine, blender machine, carbonated water), sofa bed in the lounge area, dining table for up to 6 people, TV and Internet . The bathroom has a tub and toilet. It has windows in all the rooms overlooking the Canal Saint Martin, it is bright, modern and pleasant. Double glazing in the bedroom for peacer nights ! The street of the apartment is closed for cars on sunday. It's nice to discover the Canal Saint Martin and its shops during this day. Possibility to accommodate 4 people (2 people in the bedroom and 2 people on the sofa-bed in the lounge) Great to discover Paris : 20 minutes to go to the Marias or Belleville by walking. Neighborhood very nice for romantic walking. 	Available for 2 to 4 persons. 42m2 with 1 bedroom, a fully furnished living room and kitchen and a  bathroom. View on the Canal Saint Martin. Near Gare de l'Est, République.  Great neighborhood. Charming apartment. Cosy place 42m2 flat,T2, fully furnished : kitchen (oven, hob, fridge, coffee machine, blender machine, carbonated water), sofa bed in the lounge area, dining table for up to 6 people, TV and Internet . The bathroom has a tub and toilet. It has windows in all the rooms overlooking the Canal Saint Martin, it is bright, modern and pleasant. Double glazing in the bedroom for peacer nights ! The street of the apartment is closed for cars on sunday. It's nice to discover the Canal Saint Martin and its shops during this day. Possibility to accommodate 4 people (2 people in the bedroom and 2 people on the sofa-bed in the lounge) Great to discover Paris : 20 minutes to go to the Marias or Belleville by walking. Neighborhood very nice for romantic walking. Metro access near: Line 7 a
7539	Quiet and very bright, it is composed as follow : - a bedroom with a very confortable queen size bed and wardrobe - a living room with a double bed sofa and all the basic furnitures needed - a small kitchen but functionnal with all the needed dishes	We are offering a fully furnished flat situated in a very trendy and central area
7540	This apartment is charming, wooden floor, overlooking on a church or a courtyard, very bright. It is one minute walk from the Gare de l'Est Metro (line 4,5,7), a lovely park just below and the canal saint martin down the street! You will share a nice room with double bed.	One bedroom to rent in a lovely 54m2 appartment, with two bedrooms; one living room, a kitchen, a bathroom. Charming flat with a yard shared with  a yoga center! One minute walk from the Gare de l'Est, a beautiful park, and Canal Saint Martin.    This apartment is charming, wooden floor, overlooking on a church or a courtyard, very bright. It is one minute walk from the Gare de l'Est Metro (line 4,5,7), a lovely park just below and the canal saint martin down the street! You will share a nice room with double bed. Our Guests will have access to all parts, you can cook, wash clothes, use the internet ... We will be sharing the flat together, as me and my roommate will stay in the other room.we will be there on the first Day to discuss and explain the neighborhood and the simplest ways to access to central Paris or a place that you like in particular. We will also be good advice regarding restaurants, outings, museums, and typical neighborhoods. The Canal Saint Martin neighborhood is ver
7541	Fully furnished 2 room-appartment with wi-fi, television, .	2 room fully furnished apartment Fully furnished 2 room-appartment with wi-fi, television, .
7542	Charming flat in a quiet area, close to canal St Martin and Montmartre. The flat is spacious, with a private room to host you (double bed).  A sofa in the living-room is also available if you are more than 2.	Charming flat close to Canal St Martin and Montmartre. There is a kitchen, a living-room, and a bathroom. People are hosted in a separate room.  Access: Stalingrad (line 5, 2, 7), Louis blanc (ligne 7, 7bis) or gare du nord (RER B, RER E,  ligne 4) Charming flat in a quiet area, close to canal St Martin and Montmartre. The flat is spacious, with a private room to host you (double bed).  A sofa in the living-room is also available if you are more than 2. You can access your room, living-room, kitchen, and bathroom/toilets. We'll be around in the flat, working during the week. But we'll be more than happy to spend some time with you when possible! You'll be very close to some of the most beautiful places in Paris: Montmartre, canal St Martin, parc de la Villette, parc des Buttes Chaumont or cimetière du père Lachaise. We are close to metro station: Stalingrad (line 7, 5 and 2), and Louis Blanc (line 7). We are 10 minutes walking from Gare du nord. The flat is located at the 5th floor (no
7543		L'appartement est un très grand T4 au 3ème étage, très lumineux et est idéalement situé, à proximité immédiate de la place de République, de Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, du canal Saint-Martin et du Marais. Pour visiter Paris il se révèle parfait! wifi métro République, métro Strasbourg-Saint-Denis
7544	Located in the vibrant 10th arrondissement, close to restaurants and bars, you will find this beautiful and modern flat. I am available to show you the places of the neighborhood enjoy your stay.  Pluses: - Location in a very nice and lively neighborhood - Central: 15min walk to Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Canal Saint Martin, 10 minutes Montorgueil  - Very quiet appartment - Modern Apartment  Watch out: - Apartment located on the 6th floor with no elevator Access:  - Metro line 4 Strasbourg saint denis or Chateau d'eau  - Metro line 8/9 Bonne Nouvelle I hope to welcome you soon!	Modern apartment in joyful neighborhood with bars and restaurants nearby. Enjoy the lovely modern space, comfy bed and the tranquility. I am at your disposal to show you around and give you tips for nights out. Enjoy! Located in the vibrant 10th arrondissement, close to restaurants and bars, you will find this beautiful and modern flat. I am available to show you the places of the neighborhood enjoy your stay.  Pluses: - Location in a very nice and lively neighborhood - Central: 15min walk to Montmartre, 5 minutes from the Canal Saint Martin, 10 minutes Montorgueil  - Very quiet appartment - Modern Apartment  Watch out: - Apartment located on the 6th floor with no elevator Access:  - Metro line 4 Strasbourg saint denis or Chateau d'eau  - Metro line 8/9 Bonne Nouvelle I hope to welcome you soon! - I'm always available if you need me by phone - Mix of cultures  - Close to bars, restaurants, clubs  - Near the Canal Saint Martin - Métro ligne 4 Strasbourg saint denis ou Chateau d'eau - Me
7545	"All our friends like to spend time in our warm very parisian and welcoming 3 bedrooms appartement. You will enjoy spending time in the large living room after a long walk in parisian streets.  We have 3 bedrooms with 3 different styles.  Teenage bedroom, with a 140cm bed with a zen ambiance and a flat TV  Kids bedroom with two single beds. One of them is among a princess castle, the other is a high nest, hidden with red velvet curtains.  Parents bedroom, with a 140cm bed, warm and cosy. There is a sofa ""convertible"" in the living romm for two or you cas also add 2 beds in one of the bedroom...  The appartment is very convenient, with laundry machine and a dish washer. Kitchen is small but you will find all what you need, a large fridge and a Nespresso coffee machine (we offer the coffee capsules !). We love cooking so you will find a lot of usefull stuffs.  Situated in a living area of North Paris, 10 minutes walk from Butte Montmartre, it is 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (where Eur"	"All our friends like to spend time in our warm very parisian and welcoming 3 bedrooms appartement. You will enjoy spending time in the large living room after a long walk in parisian streets.  We have 3 bedrooms with 3 different styles.  Teenage bedroom, with a 140cm bed with a zen ambiance and a flat TV  Kids bedroom with two single beds. One of them is among a princess castle, the other is a high nest, hidden with red velvet curtains.  Parents bedroom, with a 140cm bed, warm and cosy. There is a sofa ""convertible"" in the living romm for two or you cas also add 2 beds in one of the bedroom...  The appartment is very convenient, with laundry machine and a dish washer. Kitchen is small but you will find all what you need, a large fridge and a Nespresso coffee machine (we offer the coffee capsules !). We love cooking so you will find a lot of usefull stuffs.  Situated in a living area of North Paris, 10 minutes walk from Butte Montmartre, it is 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord (where Eur"
7546		Joli studio de charme  à 2 minutes de la bien sympathique place sainte Marthe. Métro Goncourt/Belleville/Colonel Fabien 3 fenêtres sur rue Jean Moinon, très calme au 3éme et dernier étage. Cuisine équipée, 2 plaques , frigidaire, machine à laver.
7547		Studio avec mezzanine dans rue calme proche Canal St Martin. Profitez de sa cuisine équipée, sa salle de douche, de sa luminosité et de son calme, donnant sur une cour intérieure, à deux pas du tumulte parisien. Métros, bus proches. Commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Pas de wifi.
7548		Authentic, bright studio in an typical mid-19th century building.  Comfortable bed, brand new kitchen and bathroom. Very close to metro station Belleville – meaning a few minutes to the center!
7549	"Lovely apartment for 2 people in central Paris. 50 square meter A kitchen open on a big living-room. Very well equipped: There is a dishwasher, a washing machine, a  tumble-dryer, a small oven.  A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  LED TV, iPod Bose Sound System, Internet connection through Wi-Fi. Try the bed, the best I ever had called ""Memory foam mattress"" !  You can use everything in the apartment. I will be pleased to share with you the best adresses I have in the city (not sure you will find this in your city guide!) Near the famous Montorgueuil street, you'll find the typic Paris life. Lots of shopping, bakeries, cheese factory, starbucks coffee, restaurants, bars. Near also the Grands Boulevards, known for these cinemas and theaters. From 5 mn by car to the Opera place / 20 mn by car to the Eiffel tower Nearest to the appartment :   Subway Line 3 : stop to SENTIER Subway Line 8 & 9 : stop to BONNE NOUVELLE 5 minutes walk :  Subway Line 4 : sto"	"Charming apartment for 2 people in Paris very well situated. You'll be near of everything : lots of restaurants, Parisienne ""brasserie"", bakeries, museums, the famous rue Montorgueuil, nightsclub, etc..  Very cosy, you'll feel like home !! Lovely apartment for 2 people in central Paris. 50 square meter A kitchen open on a big living-room. Very well equipped: There is a dishwasher, a washing machine, a  tumble-dryer, a small oven.  A hair dryer, iron table and iron are also available in the apartment.  LED TV, iPod Bose Sound System, Internet connection through Wi-Fi. Try the bed, the best I ever had called ""Memory foam mattress"" !  You can use everything in the apartment. I will be pleased to share with you the best adresses I have in the city (not sure you will find this in your city guide!) Near the famous Montorgueuil street, you'll find the typic Paris life. Lots of shopping, bakeries, cheese factory, starbucks coffee, restaurants, bars. Near also the Grands Boulevards, known for t"
7550	Le logement est constitué d'une grande chambre charmante, un petit séjour avec une table et 5 places, une cuisine complètement meublé et une salle de bain aussi très complet.	J'habite avec ma copine dans ce beau appartement depuis Septembre 2014. (Es nuestro dulce hogar). Le quartier est vraiment bien desservi, avec la gare de l'est et la gare du nord juste a côté Le logement est constitué d'une grande chambre charmante, un petit séjour avec une table et 5 places, une cuisine complètement meublé et une salle de bain aussi très complet. Vous aurez accès à tout l'appartement. Nous ne serons pas à Paris mais on a un ami qui sera en charge de vous donner les clés, sera disponible pour vous aider dans quelque situation. Aussi vous pouvez nous contacter par e-mail si vous avez quelque question. Le quartier est vraiment bien desservi, il compte avec plusieurs supermarchés à 2-7 minutes maximum à pied. Il est très vivant,  beau. Il a aussi plusieurs restaurants et boulangeries pour trouver tout ce qu'en vous  avez besoin ou vous voulez. La gare de l'est et la gare du nord sont à 10 minutes à pied, ce qui facilite le transport tant de nuit comme de jour. Vous aurez 
7551		Studio tout confort, idéal pour un séjour en amoureux. Magnifique vue panoramique sur les toits de Paris et ses monuments. Proche du parc des Buttes Chaumont, du canal Saint Martin et a 10min de Belleville et de Montmartre en métro sur la ligne 2. Quartier populaire et animé, avec de nombreuses possibilités de sorties pour boire un verre, manger ou faire du shoppings. Metro ligne 2, bus 46 ou 75
7552		Petit appartement cosy de 12m2 très bien situé, au plein coeur de Paris. Grâce à son emplacement vous pourrez  très rapidement vous déplacer partout dans Paris. Cuisine-SDB-Toilettes à l'intérieur Little flat, really cosy located in Republique
7553	Our flat is located on the 4th floor with elevator of a traditional Paris building. Completely refurbished a few years ago, it offers to the guest all the comfort and amenities for a nice stay. The rooms are exposed South-West on a quiet courtyard and the living room to opens with 3 large windows on a typical Parisian view (North-East exposure). It's fresh in the summer and warm in the winter. All windows are double glazing, isolating from noise and cold/warmth. Wooden floors in all rooms give a welcoming feeling. It has 2 bedrooms : one main with a queen size bed and one children bedroom with 2 bunk beds. The couch is convertible and can host 1 additional guest. The kitchen - including a dishwasher and microwave - opens on the living room filled with light. The bathroom has one bath tub and an walk-in shower.	Our flat is ideal for a couple, a family or friends visiting Paris. It's comfortable and well equipped. Its location is central so one can easily get to all monuments and sites in Paris. A home away from home... Our flat is located on the 4th floor with elevator of a traditional Paris building. Completely refurbished a few years ago, it offers to the guest all the comfort and amenities for a nice stay. The rooms are exposed South-West on a quiet courtyard and the living room to opens with 3 large windows on a typical Parisian view (North-East exposure). It's fresh in the summer and warm in the winter. All windows are double glazing, isolating from noise and cold/warmth. Wooden floors in all rooms give a welcoming feeling. It has 2 bedrooms : one main with a queen size bed and one children bedroom with 2 bunk beds. The couch is convertible and can host 1 additional guest. The kitchen - including a dishwasher and microwave - opens on the living room filled with light. The bathroom has on
7554	Comment profiter comme il se doit de la vie à PARIS ?  En séjournant dans ce superbe appartement de 50 m² totalement réaménagé offrant le meilleur confort dans un réel espace à vivre. Style moderne et design. Situé dans le 10ème arrondissement au plein coeur de Paris. 4 min de République. 3 min de Gare de L'est. 2 min du Canal Saint- Martin. 2 min  du Parc Villemin. 15 min Chatelet / les Halles. Métro République / Bonsergent / Gare de l'est / Colonel Fabien / Chateau d'Eau / Oberkampf / Parmentier ... Accès Vélib au bas de l'immeuble. Appartement au coeur d'un quartier convivial et agréable à vivre.  De nombreux petits restaurants et boutiques. Quartier culturel : musée Grévin, théâtres .... pas loin des grands boulevards (Lafayette, Printemps), Belleville, père Lachaise .. Chatelêt , le musée Beaubourg ... mais aussi pleins de lieux pour sortir jusqu'au bout de la nuit ! Situé au 3ème étage d'un immeuble ancien disposant d'une cour intérieure fleurie. Avec :  Cuisine américaine équipé	Rent room in a charming all furnished apartment. Located  in the 10th district in the heart of Paris. 4 min République.  10 min Gare du Nord and 3 min Gare de L'est. 2 min Canal Saint-Martin.  Bicycle access at the bottom of the building. Comment profiter comme il se doit de la vie à PARIS ?  En séjournant dans ce superbe appartement de 50 m² totalement réaménagé offrant le meilleur confort dans un réel espace à vivre. Style moderne et design. Situé dans le 10ème arrondissement au plein coeur de Paris. 4 min de République. 3 min de Gare de L'est. 2 min du Canal Saint- Martin. 2 min  du Parc Villemin. 15 min Chatelet / les Halles. Métro République / Bonsergent / Gare de l'est / Colonel Fabien / Chateau d'Eau / Oberkampf / Parmentier ... Accès Vélib au bas de l'immeuble. Appartement au coeur d'un quartier convivial et agréable à vivre.  De nombreux petits restaurants et boutiques. Quartier culturel : musée Grévin, théâtres .... pas loin des grands boulevards (Lafayette, Printemps), Belle
7555	Grand appartement de 74m² situé dans le 10 arrondissement. Proche de la gare du Nord (2 min à pied), du canal St Martin (5 min à pied) et de Montmartre (15 min à pied). Appartement lumineux et spacieux. 2 grandes chambres avec 1 lit double par chambre. Séjour avec canapé convertible pour 1 personne. Cuisine équipée, réfrigérateur, four et plaques. Vaisselle à disposition. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparées. Petit balcon. Parquet et carrelage au sol. Draps à disposition. Un supermarché se trouve à côté de l'immeuble ainsi que de nombreux commerces. L'appartement est desservi par les lignes 4, 5 et 2 + RER B, D et E. De nombreuses lignes de bus également. Pour les arrivées tardives: après 21H nous demandons 15€ supplémentaires.  Merci de votre compréhension.	Grand appartement de 74m² situé dans le 10 arrondissement. Proche de la gare du Nord (2 min à pied), du canal St Martin (5 min à pied) et de Montmartre (15 min à pied). Appartement lumineux et spacieux. 2 grandes chambres avec 1 lit double par chambre. Séjour avec canapé convertible pour 1 personne. Cuisine équipée, réfrigérateur, four et plaques. Vaisselle à disposition. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparées. Petit balcon. Parquet et carrelage au sol. Draps à disposition. Un supermarché se trouve à côté de l'immeuble ainsi que de nombreux commerces. L'appartement est desservi par les lignes 4, 5 et 2 + RER B, D et E. De nombreuses lignes de bus également. Pour les arrivées tardives: après 21H nous demandons 15€ supplémentaires.  Merci de votre compréhension. Pour venir à l'appartement, s'arrêter au métro GARE DU NORD, ligne 4 ou 5. Prendre la sortie : Rue du Faubourg St Denis. Ou s'arrêter au métro LA CHAPELLE. Prendre la sortie: Rue du Faubourg St Denis. Quelqu'un vous att
7556	Bonjour!  This is a lovely little studio, ideal for 1 or 2 persons, rue de Chabrol, 5 minutes walk from Gare de l'Est / Gare du Nord, and the Canal Saint Martin! The appartment is white, clean and quiet. 20m2, all comfort included, luminous room with sofa-bed, linen included, lovely fully equiped kitchen with everything that you need to cook (tea, coffee, salt, pepper, oil, etc.), comfy bathroom, Internet.  The studio is situated on 3rd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode, with a nice interior patio, and lovely wooden stairs.  If you need a cosy appartment and a central location, this is the perfect place!  	My lovely little studio is an ideal nest for two, comfortable and perfectly located in the heart of Paris. Best place to stay and relax after a full day of visits and wanderings. Cute kitchen and easy access to all markets and transport means! Bonjour!  This is a lovely little studio, ideal for 1 or 2 persons, rue de Chabrol, 5 minutes walk from Gare de l'Est / Gare du Nord, and the Canal Saint Martin! The appartment is white, clean and quiet. 20m2, all comfort included, luminous room with sofa-bed, linen included, lovely fully equiped kitchen with everything that you need to cook (tea, coffee, salt, pepper, oil, etc.), comfy bathroom, Internet.  The studio is situated on 3rd floor, no elevator, in a secure Parisian building, with digicode, with a nice interior patio, and lovely wooden stairs.  If you need a cosy appartment and a central location, this is the perfect place!  Sheets are included (not the bath towels - except specific demand). You're welcome to cook, there is tea, coffee
7557	Appartement historique au 5° étage, très lumineux et très bien distribué. La chambre mène directement par un grand couloir au côté cuisine, sanitaire et salle de bains. Grande autonomie de circulation.	"Chambre lumineuse avec un lit double (120 cm de large), un lit simple (80cm) et petit déjeuner compris.  Appartement ancien (1895) et lumineux, étage élevé, balcons, vue sur Paris, à deux pas des stations bus, métro et RER ""GARE DU NORD"" Appartement historique au 5° étage, très lumineux et très bien distribué. La chambre mène directement par un grand couloir au côté cuisine, sanitaire et salle de bains. Grande autonomie de circulation. Adresse à moins de 5' de la gare du Nord où il y a les trains internationaux Thalys et Eurostar, les RER B, D  et E, les métros ligne 4 et 5, les bus (phone number hidden) et 54 Paris est une si belle ville que c'est un plaisir de recommander des visites culturelles ou sportives, des expositions, des manifestations... Anglais peu parlé mais surtout l'espagnol. quartier très agréable par la proximité du bassin de la Villette et de son canal de l'Ourcq que l'on peut longer à pied ou en vélo, manger au bord de l'eau, profiter des deux cinémas MK2 ""art et es"
7558	Typical parisian flat with a spacious living room, a double bedroom and a baby bedroom. Full equiped Kitchen, bathroom and separate toilets. Perfect for a couple with a baby.  One more guest possible (sofa bed in the living-room).	Spacious 3 rooms (75m2) located near canal St-Martin (7 min) and Gare-du-Nord (5 min) in a quiet street with shops. Many transport solutions available in order to easily visit Paris (RER B,D,E Subway 2,4,5,7...). Perfect for a couple with baby. Typical parisian flat with a spacious living room, a double bedroom and a baby bedroom. Full equiped Kitchen, bathroom and separate toilets. Perfect for a couple with a baby.  One more guest possible (sofa bed in the living-room). Bustling commercial neighborhood near La Chapelle and Louis Blanc metro stations in the 10th arr of Paris. Quiet at night. 7 minutes walk from canal Saint-Martin, full of shops, bars and  restaurants and shops. 3 minutes walk from La Chapelle Subway Station (line 2) 5 minutes walk from Louis Blanc Subway Station (line 7, 7 bis) 7 minutes walk from Gare du Nord Railway/RER Station (B,D,E, 4, 5) 12 minutes walk from Gare de l'Est Railway/Subway Station (line 4, 5,7)
7559	Logement spacieux et clair dans un environnement authentique au cœur d'un quartier frémissant des charmes parisiens.   Immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, etc.). Possibilité de conseils touristiques (bons coins des Parisiens :-)) si envie. Le fait d'être au cœur de Paris et de pouvoir accéder aux principaux quartiers et sites touristiques de la maison à pied ou en vélib (ou avec les 5 lignes de métro à disposition ou la station autolib') est une véritable chance. Station République : lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11. Nombreux bus également. Immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, etc.). Possibilité de conseils touristiques (bons coins des Parisiens :-)) si envie. Le fait d'être au cœur de Paris et de pouvoir accéder aux principaux quartiers et sites touristiques de la maison à pied ou en vélib (ou avec les 5 lignes de métro à disposition ou la station autolib') est une vérita	Charmant quatre-pièces au 2ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et agréable. A deux pas de République ! A côté du canal St-Martin. Proche de Châtelet et de Bastille. Logement spacieux et clair dans un environnement authentique au cœur d'un quartier frémissant des charmes parisiens.   Immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, etc.). Possibilité de conseils touristiques (bons coins des Parisiens :-)) si envie. Le fait d'être au cœur de Paris et de pouvoir accéder aux principaux quartiers et sites touristiques de la maison à pied ou en vélib (ou avec les 5 lignes de métro à disposition ou la station autolib') est une véritable chance. Station République : lignes 3, 5, 8, 9 & 11. Nombreux bus également. Immeuble sécurisé avec ascenseur.  Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, micro-ondes, bouilloire, etc.). Possibilité de conseils touristiques (bons coins des Parisiens :-)) si envie. Le fait
7560		Come and stay in a beautiful, sunny and quiet flat renovated in 2015. In an animated and well located neighborhood in Paris near the famous Republic place, the canal St Martin, the Oberkampf bar area and the Buttes de chaumont park. You are welcome!
7561	Parquet, pierres apparentes, un mélange d'ancien et de moderne qui donne à l'appartement un charme fou. 	Deux pièces typiquement parisien aux pierres apparentes, au centre de Paris! Nous sommes à la croisée de 5 métros. A pied, vous pouvez rallier l'Opéra, Montmartre, Canal St Martin ou Saint-Lazare en 20min, la Seine en 30 min. Idéal!  Parquet, pierres apparentes, un mélange d'ancien et de moderne qui donne à l'appartement un charme fou.  Nous vous louons tout l'appartement : chambre, cuisine, sdb, salon... Vous pourrez vous brancher sur le wifi. Nous pouvons également vous fournir une chaise haute pour bébé.  Nous pouvons si vous le désirez, passer du temps autour d'un café pour vous présenter le quartier, la ville...  Vous trouverez à deux pas de chez nous le Manoir de Paris, pour les aventureux, et le Fantôme, pour les plus branchés (un resto ouvert par l'équipe du baron avec des consoles de jeux, babyfoot etc...). Pour les cinéphiles, le Grand Rex est à 10 min à pieds. Les passionnés de cuisine retrouveront la diversité des différentes cultures mauriciennes, asiatiques, africaines, e
7562	L'appartement est spacieux et charmant. Idéalement situé à côté du canal St Martin, en plein coeur de l'effervescente capitale, mais au calme, dans un écrin de verdure. Parfait pour les couples en quête de romantisme ou des amis qui veulent profiter des berges et de l'ambiance du canal.	Chambre partagée dans appartement de 64m2 au RDC, 1 sdb (toilette séparée), cuisine et grand salon.  Se situe derrière le Canal St Martin. Tous commerces à proximité. Proche transport. L'appartement est spacieux et charmant. Idéalement situé à côté du canal St Martin, en plein coeur de l'effervescente capitale, mais au calme, dans un écrin de verdure. Parfait pour les couples en quête de romantisme ou des amis qui veulent profiter des berges et de l'ambiance du canal. Les lignes de métro, station de bus et vélib sont accessibles à moins de 2 minutes à pieds de l'appartement. Ce quartier est vraiment idéal, proche d'endroits touristiques, entre Montmartre , le quartier du Marais, le sublime parc des buttes Chaumont, non loin du cimetière du Père-Lachaise et à 15 minutes à pieds de la place de la République… Autrefois l'un des quartiers les plus populaires de Paris, le canal Saint-Martin est aujourd'hui devenu très bobo. Pourtant, il a conservé son romantisme grâce à ses ponts et ses neu
7563	l'Appartement d'un espace de 32 m2 est situé au 2° étage, lumineux et propre, juste à côté du Métro Goncourt (Paris XIème) entre Belleville et République. L'appartement est doté d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC, le salon et la cuisinette (séparée) sont partagés en journée avec moi (mais j'y suis peu souvent donc vous pourrez en profiter seul-e-s!). La deuxième chambre (15 m2) est disponible pour vous avec un grand lit et un bureau, ainsi que rangements, séparé du salon par une porte. Le wifi est disponible dans tout l’appartement,  Il y a une bibliothèque avec plein de livres et des DVD, et il y a la TV Possibilité de fumer aux fenêtres.	l'Appartement d'un espace de 32 m2 est situé au 2° étage, lumineux et propre, juste à côté du Métro Goncourt (Paris XIème) entre Belleville et République. L'appartement est doté d'une entrée, d'une salle de bain avec douche et WC, le salon et la cuisinette (séparée) sont partagés en journée avec moi (mais j'y suis peu souvent donc vous pourrez en profiter seul-e-s!). La deuxième chambre (15 m2) est disponible pour vous avec un grand lit et un bureau, ainsi que rangements, séparé du salon par une porte. Le wifi est disponible dans tout l’appartement,  Il y a une bibliothèque avec plein de livres et des DVD, et il y a la TV Possibilité de fumer aux fenêtres. WC, Salle de Bain, Salon et Cuisinette équipée  Je suis sociable et indépendant. Cinéaste de métier et de passion, je n'hésiterai pas a vous conseiller des lieux culturels, touristiques ou des boutiques à visiter selon vos envies et centres d'intérêt. Je n'ai pas un rythme de vie quotidien ou répétitif, mes journées sont en général a
7564	Je loue une chambre double avec rangements dans un appartement tout en hauteur avec pierres et poutres apparentes. Situé au 3ème et dernier étage, la vue dégagée et le velux dans le salon lui procure une grande luminosité. L'espace du rez de chaussée est consacré à mon bureau / atelier couture et vélo. Au premier, vous trouverez le salon et la cuisine équipée ainsi que votre chambre. Vous pourrez utiliser le bureau qui joint ces deux parties. Il faut monter quelque marches supplémentaires pour atteindre la salle de bain qui est munie d'une baignoire et d'une machine à laver et où se situe l'entrée de ma chambre. Un lourd rideau sépare ces deux espaces ce qui permet une grande intimité. Appartement sur cour intérieur, calme le soir. Je peux accueillir une 3ème personne dans le salon sur un matelas 1 place moyennant un coût supplémentaire. 	Je loue une chambre avec un lit double dans un appartement atypique sur 2 niveaux à la frontière entre le quartier de Gare du Nord / Gare de l'Est (10ème) et celui de La Chapelle (18ème). I rent a double bed room in a share flat, with 2 female cats Je loue une chambre double avec rangements dans un appartement tout en hauteur avec pierres et poutres apparentes. Situé au 3ème et dernier étage, la vue dégagée et le velux dans le salon lui procure une grande luminosité. L'espace du rez de chaussée est consacré à mon bureau / atelier couture et vélo. Au premier, vous trouverez le salon et la cuisine équipée ainsi que votre chambre. Vous pourrez utiliser le bureau qui joint ces deux parties. Il faut monter quelque marches supplémentaires pour atteindre la salle de bain qui est munie d'une baignoire et d'une machine à laver et où se situe l'entrée de ma chambre. Un lourd rideau sépare ces deux espaces ce qui permet une grande intimité. Appartement sur cour intérieur, calme le soir. Je peux a
7565		One Bedroom flat recently refurbished. Including lounge, kitchen, bathroom and
7566	52 sq meters; very bright.  1 bathroom 1 kitchen 1 bedroom and 1 big living room !	Lovely and spacious 1 bedrom flat, 4 people, 2 min away from the canal st martin and the canal de l'Ourq.  Very central and well connected with the metro.  Tons of restaurant and bars a block away and delicous food stores in the street ! 52 sq meters; very bright.  1 bathroom 1 kitchen 1 bedroom and 1 big living room ! To me it's the best area in Paris !  There are a lot of great restaurants and bars in the neigborhood.  It's a very arty area, very dynamic and full of energy without being too noisy.  At the same time, you'll find amazing food shops down the street with boulangerie, fromagerie, boucherie etc ! The metro is litterally in front of the house (Line 7) and takes you to Louvre Museum in 15 min and to Opera. You also have line 2 at Jaures station (3 min walk) which takes you to montmartre in 15 minutes. There are also line 5 and 2bis really close.
7567	3 rooms, 64 sqm, located between metro Goncourt (line 11) and Belleville (lines 2 and 11), near St Martin canal and Buttes Chaumont park. Bright apartment, sunny and quiet, on the 4th floor. Very pleasant ... especially in summer! Transport and plenty of shops nearby. Large living room, separated of the US kitchen by a bar. Bright and sunny, with large and comfortable sofa. Opening onto a terrace, south facing, very nice in the summer! (with bbq, outdoor heater and parasol). Living room: TV with cable, 5.1 sound system, wifi Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven, gas hob   A master bedroom with double (website hidden). A child room (one child bed and one baby bed). Bathroom (with bath) and separated toilets. 	2 bedroom fully equipped, very nice with terrace, large living room and two small rooms. Ideal for couples with child (ren). The sofa offers an additional double bed. Transportation nearby. Do not hesitate to contact us!  3 rooms, 64 sqm, located between metro Goncourt (line 11) and Belleville (lines 2 and 11), near St Martin canal and Buttes Chaumont park. Bright apartment, sunny and quiet, on the 4th floor. Very pleasant ... especially in summer! Transport and plenty of shops nearby. Large living room, separated of the US kitchen by a bar. Bright and sunny, with large and comfortable sofa. Opening onto a terrace, south facing, very nice in the summer! (with bbq, outdoor heater and parasol). Living room: TV with cable, 5.1 sound system, wifi Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, microwave, oven, gas hob   A master bedroom with double (website hidden). A child room (one child bed and one baby bed). Bathroom (with bath) and separated toilets. Lines 2 and 11. Stations Goncourt and Bellev
7568	Grand appartement calme donnant sur les toits de Paris.	Appartement Calme sur le canal st Martin. Les commerces et le métro sont au coin de la rue. Un quartier idéal pour connaître le vrai Paris bohème et historique. Grand appartement calme donnant sur les toits de Paris.  Tout l'appartement Remise des clefs en mains propres et visite du quartier Le canal St martin est l'un dés quartier plus agréable de Paris. Des restaurants, café et boutiques très branchés. Ici on peut aller à pied à la cité de la musique, voire un film sur les quai de seine et Loire, pic niquer aux buttes chaument, bruncher quai de Jemmapes... Ligne 7, 4 et . à 500 mètres de Gare de l'est et Gare du Nord. 5ème Etage donnant sur des jardins privatifs.
7569	 (Le mythique Hôtel du Nord , les pistes cyclabes, cinemas…). 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble très bien entretenu et charmant. 70 M2 composé d'un grand salon 30 M2 , d'une chambre à coucher (lit double) 10 M2, d'une chambre lit simple (12M) d'une cuisine ouverte ( 3 fenêtres) équipée, lave linge, four, frigo, salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Chauffage central individuel, TV, Accès internet, WIFI. Parquet ancien, cheminées, belle hauteur sous plafond, charme de l'ancien. Plantes vertes et boiseries.  Emplacement à 100 mètres du Canal Saint Martin. Quartier du Canal. Metro :  Goncourt, Gare de l'est, Colonel Fabien ou République.	Appartement confortable et extrêmement lumineux, triple exposition, donnant sur un passage  calme, vert et fleuri. UN petit oasis de calme et de charme à proximité (100m) du Canal Saint Martin et de tous les restaurants et attractions du Canal. (Le m (Le mythique Hôtel du Nord , les pistes cyclabes, cinemas…). 2ème étage d'un petit immeuble très bien entretenu et charmant. 70 M2 composé d'un grand salon 30 M2 , d'une chambre à coucher (lit double) 10 M2, d'une chambre lit simple (12M) d'une cuisine ouverte ( 3 fenêtres) équipée, lave linge, four, frigo, salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparé. Chauffage central individuel, TV, Accès internet, WIFI. Parquet ancien, cheminées, belle hauteur sous plafond, charme de l'ancien. Plantes vertes et boiseries.  Emplacement à 100 mètres du Canal Saint Martin. Quartier du Canal. Metro :  Goncourt, Gare de l'est, Colonel Fabien ou République. Les voyageurs auront accès au passage fleuri et à une copropriété chaleureuse et accueillante. L'ensemble 
7570	Au rez-de-chaussée, une chambre double donnant sur une terrasse, une salle de bain, des toilettes séparés, un séjour et une cuisine ouverte. Le tout donnant sur les arbres et la végétation du toit de l'atelier.  Au sous-sol, atelier-espace vie,  chambre double et  salle de douche avec WC.  Terrasse ensoleillée l'après midi en communication directe avec la cuisine américaine.	Le duplex composé d'un rez-de-chaussée avec terrasse-jardin et un sous-sol sous verrières. Les deux niveaux sont très lumineux, ensoleillés et calme.  Au rez-de-chaussée, une chambre double donnant sur une terrasse, une salle de bain, des toilettes séparés, un séjour et une cuisine ouverte. Le tout donnant sur les arbres et la végétation du toit de l'atelier.  Au sous-sol, atelier-espace vie,  chambre double et  salle de douche avec WC.  Terrasse ensoleillée l'après midi en communication directe avec la cuisine américaine. Situé dans le quartier Sainte Marthe et Canal St Martin, non loin des métros République (10mn), Goncourt (moins de 5mn) et Belleville (5mn).  Par Email. Nous ne sommes pas présents lors du séjours. Quartier animé, grand choix de commerces et de restaurants.  A 5 min du quartier Oberkampf et du canal Saint-martin. Très bien desservi : métro (ligne 11, 2) et bus à proximité (75,96). Possibilité de 2 matelas (une personne) d'd'appoint.  
7571	Apartment entirely renewed by architect  I mainly use this apartment for my family when they come to Paris but sometimes is available... Surface is aprox 80 square meters the apartment is at 4th floor with elevator You have a big Living area which includes kitchen, in the living area you have also an expandable sofa which has two singles beds that can comes also individually Kitchen is equiped with fridge / refrigerator / electric owen / electric stoves / toaster / heater . Bedroom is aproximately 11 sqare meters with double bed You are in the middle between Opers and Grans boulevards theathers like Folie Bergere or Grand Rex you have 150 meters far Two option of subway which are lines 8 and 7 Aniway in 10 minutes walking you are in Opera 	Apartment entirely renewed by architect  I mainly use this apartment for my family when they come to Paris but sometimes is available... Surface is aprox 80 square meters the apartment is at 4th floor with elevator You have a big Living area which includes kitchen, in the living area you have also an expandable sofa which has two singles beds that can comes also individually Kitchen is equiped with fridge / refrigerator / electric owen / electric stoves / microwawe oven / toaster / heater . Bedroom is aproximately 11 sqare meters with double bed You are in the middle between Opers and Grans boulevards theathers like Folie Bergere or Grand Rex you have 150 meters far Two option of subway which are lines 8 and 7 Aniway in 10 minutes walking you are in Opera 
7572	The flat is very cosy and calm.  Windows are on the court, not on streets, so no noise . The apartment is very good located,  just 10/15 minutes by walking from Opera, Louvres Museum, Montmartre, Grands Magasins... Quite in the middle of a trendy district with a lot of restaurants, cafés,  boulangeries, bars...	Charming and newly renovated flat, in a old and typical parisian building.  Composed of a living room with american kitchen, room&bathroom and a toilet. Fully equipped (wifi/hifi/tv...).  Located in central Paris. 15mn walk from Opera. The flat is very cosy and calm.  Windows are on the court, not on streets, so no noise . The apartment is very good located,  just 10/15 minutes by walking from Opera, Louvres Museum, Montmartre, Grands Magasins... Quite in the middle of a trendy district with a lot of restaurants, cafés,  boulangeries, bars... Bathrooms:  Big shower. Fully equipped with, bath soaps / hairdryer... In the Kitchen:  Fully equipped with pots, pans, cutlery, utensils, dishes, glassware, linens, etc.  Washer  Full-sized refrigerator  Staples such as salt, pepper, herbs, spices, and cooking oil which you are free to use  Toaster For Your Convenience:  Cable television  High Speed free wi-fi Internet  Iron and ironing board  Hairdryer in bathroom This apartment is located on th
7573	Loft renové de charme de 40 m2 atypique 2 pièces, très calme (donnant sur une cour intérieure).  Les voyageurs seront au calme après une journée de visites, de shopping, de balade.  Une chambre (avec lit double) + 2 canapés dans le salon. Une chaine hifi et Internet (en wifi). Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, lave-linge, frigo-congélo...), grande douche italienne, toilettes, nombreux rangements, parquet dans le salon.  Situé à deux pas du canal St Martin et du Canal de l'Ourq. Au cœur d'un quartier très agréable, convivial et familial, l'appartement est idéalement desservi (gares, RER, bus et métro). Les marcheurs pourront se rendre à pied au canal Saint-Martin et de l'Ourq (2mn), aux Buttes Chaumont (15min), dans le marais (15mn). J’espère que vous vous y sentirez bien !	Atelier d'artiste rénové calme et paisible, avec une chambre 1 lit double, un salon, internet wifi illimité, 2 canapés, cuisine équipée, salle d'eau avec douche, WC.  Situé près du canal St Martin en RDC donnant sur la cour de l'immeuble. Loft renové de charme de 40 m2 atypique 2 pièces, très calme (donnant sur une cour intérieure).  Les voyageurs seront au calme après une journée de visites, de shopping, de balade.  Une chambre (avec lit double) + 2 canapés dans le salon. Une chaine hifi et Internet (en wifi). Cuisine équipée (lave-vaisselle, four, lave-linge, frigo-congélo...), grande douche italienne, toilettes, nombreux rangements, parquet dans le salon.  Situé à deux pas du canal St Martin et du Canal de l'Ourq. Au cœur d'un quartier très agréable, convivial et familial, l'appartement est idéalement desservi (gares, RER, bus et métro). Les marcheurs pourront se rendre à pied au canal Saint-Martin et de l'Ourq (2mn), aux Buttes Chaumont (15min), dans le marais (15mn). J’espère que 
7574	An amazing flat in heart of Paris  10 rue de PARADIS - 10eme : the new trendy area !!  with a lot of coffees, restaurants and trendy bars ! Calm with a lot of light  1bedroom with a huge bed 1 bathroom with a nice italian shower 1 kitchen opened to the living room 1 extra bedroom with a bed sofa in the living room LAUNDRY - TV - WIFI - COFFEE MACHINE ... all included 3d floor A nice and comfortable flat for 2 or 4 people A great opportunity to live as a parisian people during few days !	An amazing flat in heart of Paris  10 rue de PARADIS - 10eme : the new trendy area !!  with a lot of coffees, restaurants and trendy bars ! Calm with a lot of light  1bedroom with a huge bed 1 bathroom with a nice italian shower 1 kitchen opened to the living room 1 extra bedroom with a bed sofa in the living room LAUNDRY - TV - WIFI - COFFEE MACHINE ... all included 3d floor A nice and comfortable flat for 2 or 4 people A great opportunity to live as a parisian people during few days !
7575	Lovers of beautiful buildings will be seduced by the character of this great 3 room apartment and of the area called Les Halles- Montorgueil. And lovers of modern design will appreciate the renovation and furnishment of this apartment than can accommodate 6 people. And all of the will be delighted with the village atmosphere surrounding pedestrian!	In the heart of a pedestrian friendly area of Paris, enjoy the modern comfort and the charm of this lovely apartment, completely renovated and featured.  Lovers of beautiful buildings will be seduced by the character of this great 3 room apartment and of the area called Les Halles- Montorgueil. And lovers of modern design will appreciate the renovation and furnishment of this apartment than can accommodate 6 people. And all of the will be delighted with the village atmosphere surrounding pedestrian! I provide soft towels and linens to my guest. Wireless internet is a must in my apartment, I give my guests the code as soon as they book they place. I am always available for my guests and always make my very best to meet their requirements. Montorgueil is a district of Paris located halfway between the 1st and the 2nd district. It is crossed by the eponymous pedestrian street (rue Montorgueil). The neighborhood has many other pedestrian streets.  Walking through the neighborhood of Montor
7576	"For weekends and holidays I let a charming studio of 22m ², situated closed the ""Gare de l'Est"" Station in a quiet lane. It's quite equipped with convertible, high table with chairs, TV, DVD, WiFi, kitchen area with cooktops, refrigerator, microwave, bathroom with shower. Sheets and towels are provided. In 2 min from subways and bus. In 30 meters from station to hire a bycicle. Just a step from a market place (St Quentin) opened 6 days a week. In 10 min by subway from Chatelet- Les Halles, Grands magasins-Opera, Montmartre. Do not hesitate to contact me for more information. Adrien"	"Your ideal place to visit Paris! Appartment quite equipped, in a quiet area and close to all transportation. For weekends and holidays I let a charming studio of 22m ², situated closed the ""Gare de l'Est"" Station in a quiet lane. It's quite equipped with convertible, high table with chairs, TV, DVD, WiFi, kitchen area with cooktops, refrigerator, microwave, bathroom with shower. Sheets and towels are provided. In 2 min from subways and bus. In 30 meters from station to hire a bycicle. Just a step from a market place (St Quentin) opened 6 days a week. In 10 min by subway from Chatelet- Les Halles, Grands magasins-Opera, Montmartre. Do not hesitate to contact me for more information. Adrien"
7577	To clarify, the couch is for the guests. I'll be working from home during this period and sleeping in the bedroom. The door to the bedroom will be closed at night.	This quiet and comfortable 1 bedroom apt is a respite from a busy city. On the top floor, facing the interior courtyard you won't be bothered by city noise even though you're in the heart of Paris, close to plenty of bars and restaurants. To clarify, the couch is for the guests. I'll be working from home during this period and sleeping in the bedroom. The door to the bedroom will be closed at night. You will have access to the living room, kitchen, and bathroom. I'm happy to give you some advice for good restaurants and bars in the neighborhood and sites to see in town Between Belleville and Canal St-Martin, this is a residential neighborhood that is less frequented by tourists. There are plenty of choices for bars and restaurants in the neighborhood. Belleville metro is served by lines 2 and 11. With the line 11 you can be in Châtelet (the center of Paris) in 10 minutes.
7578	Appartement situé au rdc , avec grand salon et grande chambre . Accès à toutes les infrastructures de l'appartement ( lave linge , sèche linge , four, machine à café, Tv, wifi , enceintes). Cuisine à disposition avec tout le nécessaire . Frais de ménage inclus dans le tarif  Idéal pour les sorties nocturnes, grand marché de Belleville à 2 stations de metro , Petit marché devant l'hôpital St Louis le dimanche matin parfait pour prendre les croissants. Canal saint Martin pour les balades sur les quais . Metro république ligne 8 Metro Goncourt ligne 11 Bus 96 direct centre de Paris et Gare Montparnasse	Petit appartement de 48m2 douillet situé entre le métro Goncourt et metro République (bus direct vers Chatelet ) idéalement situé à 5 min du Canal St Martin . Accessibilité des transports mais également des commerces, bars et restaurants et  Idéal pour vos courts séjours et week-end sur la capitale! Appartement situé au rdc , avec grand salon et grande chambre . Accès à toutes les infrastructures de l'appartement ( lave linge , sèche linge , four, machine à café, Tv, wifi , enceintes). Cuisine à disposition avec tout le nécessaire . Frais de ménage inclus dans le tarif  Idéal pour les sorties nocturnes, grand marché de Belleville à 2 stations de metro , Petit marché devant l'hôpital St Louis le dimanche matin parfait pour prendre les croissants. Canal saint Martin pour les balades sur les quais . Metro république ligne 8 Metro Goncourt ligne 11 Bus 96 direct centre de Paris et Gare Montparnasse Accès wifi , Tv , enceintes Bluetooth  Lave linge sèche linge  Linge de toilettes propres à 
7579	Charming flat typically parisian style: preserved solid oak floor, visible wooden-beams, marble fireplace (but fire not allowed), moldings… Trendy style with industrial-vintage furniture, but still very cosy and warm atmosphere. Very bright, with triple exposure. Low vis-à-vis and very calm (double-glazing and all rooms on courtyard side). Pleasant heating thanks to gas system. At the 1st floor. Charming courtyard: cobbled flowery courtyard, with the exit door of the artist of the theater « Saint-Antoine » (you might meet famous french people !). Appartement de charme typiquement parisien avec prestations de qualité: parquet massif d’époque, poutres apparentes, cheminée en marbre (mais feux interdits), moulures… Décoration tendance avec meubles industriels-vintage, tout en gardant une ambiance cosy et chaleureuse. Très lumineux et traversant triple exposition. Très peu de vis-à-vis et calme (double-vitrage et chambres sur courette). Chauffage agréable (au gaz). Au premier étage. Cour c	Very charming flat, typical parisian style: parquet, wooden beams…Deep heart of Paris, numerous shops, restaurants & transportation Appartement au charme typiquement parisien: parquet, poutres…Au cœur de Paris, commerces, restaurants & transports Charming flat typically parisian style: preserved solid oak floor, visible wooden-beams, marble fireplace (but fire not allowed), moldings… Trendy style with industrial-vintage furniture, but still very cosy and warm atmosphere. Very bright, with triple exposure. Low vis-à-vis and very calm (double-glazing and all rooms on courtyard side). Pleasant heating thanks to gas system. At the 1st floor. Charming courtyard: cobbled flowery courtyard, with the exit door of the artist of the theater « Saint-Antoine » (you might meet famous french people !). Appartement de charme typiquement parisien avec prestations de qualité: parquet massif d’époque, poutres apparentes, cheminée en marbre (mais feux interdits), moulures… Décoration tendance avec meuble
7580	"Comfortable apartment in the center of the new vibrant ""bobo/hipster"" neighborhood of Paris. Most of the furniture and the spaces in the apartment were handcrafted by myself over the past year, thought-through for optimum design and practicality !"	"Hello and welcome :) This cosy little apartment is freshly renovated and decorated; it offers one big bedroom with views on the inside court, an oriental-ambiance living room (sleeps 2),  nice wooden kitchen, bathroom w/ bathtub & separate toilet. Comfortable apartment in the center of the new vibrant ""bobo/hipster"" neighborhood of Paris. Most of the furniture and the spaces in the apartment were handcrafted by myself over the past year, thought-through for optimum design and practicality ! The apartment is on the first floor, with views over the bridge on the Canal from the mini balcony. There is free wi-fi in the apartment :) I'm available at any time of the day by phone or email for any question about Paris, this great neighborhood, or the apartment. Canal Saint-Martin is the new hippest place of Paris, where all sorts of little restaurants, boutiques, and bars pop up in every street, where friendly people just enjoy the sunny days hanging out on the canal and drinking wine, eating "
7581	Our apartment is a real love nest for couples or a perfect place for a vacation to small families. You will be in a mainstream area of Paris with lot of very nice restaurants, good transport connexions and a charming a market the weekend. It's confortable for one or two couples or for a couple with one child. The appartment is a nice very parisien style flat. I don't have cable TV but a hundreds of fine DVDs and internet connection.	"Very nice flat in the fully romantic Canal St. Martin's district in the heart of Paris where Amelie Poulain did ""ricochet"": (website hidden) From this lovely, 30m2, well equiped, bright, apartment you'll reach the touristic center (Marais, Notre Dame) even by walk. Our apartment is a real love nest for couples or a perfect place for a vacation to small families. You will be in a mainstream area of Paris with lot of very nice restaurants, good transport connexions and a charming a market the weekend. It's confortable for one or two couples or for a couple with one child. The appartment is a nice very parisien style flat. I don't have cable TV but a hundreds of fine DVDs and internet connection. This is the most popular and international young district today in Paris. Lot of cool restaurants and bars. in good weather young people are ""squating"" the side of the channel. Very nice ambiance good take away food. I recommand Pink Flamingo pizza next door! The district had 100 years ago a real"
7582	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, in a lively and trendy (shops, restaurants, bars, concert halls, theaters, etc.). Subway: 1 minutes ( ligne 4, 8 et 9) Apartment can accommodate up to 3 people, comfortable, renovated in 2011 (design style). Building dating from the seventeenth century. Light (south) on the third floor, in a quiet and private courtyard. Living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, a bedroom with 2 persons, a bathroom, a kitchen, a toilet. Kitchen with hob, fridge, kettle, oven, coffee maker, toaster, blender. Living room with flat screen TV, wireless internet, stereo, sofa Bathroom with Italian shower, hairdryer, magnifying mirror Facilities: - Washer / dryer; - Steam iron / ironing board; - Vacuum; - Electric heating; - Linen (sheets, towels) provided. Idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et à la mode (magasins, restaurants, bars, salles de concert, théâtres, etc.). Appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, confortable, rénovée en 2011 (	Ideally located in the heart of Paris, in a lively and trendy (shops, restaurants, bars, concert halls, theaters, etc.). Subway: 1 minutes ( ligne 4, 8 et 9) Apartment can accommodate up to 3 people, comfortable, renovated in 2011 (design style). Building dating from the seventeenth century. Light (south) on the third floor, in a quiet and private courtyard. Living room with sofa bed for 2 persons, a bedroom with 2 persons, a bathroom, a kitchen, a toilet. Kitchen with hob, fridge, kettle, oven, coffee maker, toaster, blender. Living room with flat screen TV, wireless internet, stereo, sofa Bathroom with Italian shower, hairdryer, magnifying mirror Facilities: - Washer / dryer; - Steam iron / ironing board; - Vacuum; - Electric heating; - Linen (sheets, towels) provided. Idéalement situé au coeur de Paris, dans un quartier vivant et à la mode (magasins, restaurants, bars, salles de concert, théâtres, etc.). Appartement peut accueillir jusqu'à 3 personnes, confortable, rénovée en 2011 (
7583	Clean  bedroom in Apt, friendly host, great area very central!	"I rent one bedroom in that cute little ""frenchy"" apt 40 m2 (with 2 rooms) very central (République,canal St martin) ( no living-room.) It is luminous, comfortable, with double-bed: desk, wardrobe closet, comfortable. I live in the other room. no caf Clean  bedroom in Apt, friendly host, great area very central! Internet I am easy going, friendly and available... Very central, charming area, safe, young... Very well deserved... Microwave, portable hobs in your room."
7584	It's a great apartment with large spaces just in front of gare du Nord.  It's indredibly convenient for all international travelers coming from one of the airports or railway station. You pretty much have to get through there. Visit Paris in 5 min after that... The apartment is perfect for a family with small children. It can fit two couples (one in the living room in an extracomfy sofa-bed) and one or two small children (no more than 6 yo and 18 months old) or we can discuss to arrange an airbed.	Enjoy your stay two minutes after arriving at the railway station or just a train stop after arriving from the airport. Don't hassle with your luggage... The area gives you access to wherever you want to go easily and as many great places itself. It's a great apartment with large spaces just in front of gare du Nord.  It's indredibly convenient for all international travelers coming from one of the airports or railway station. You pretty much have to get through there. Visit Paris in 5 min after that... The apartment is perfect for a family with small children. It can fit two couples (one in the living room in an extracomfy sofa-bed) and one or two small children (no more than 6 yo and 18 months old) or we can discuss to arrange an airbed. Fiber Internet, projector (bring your computer), TV, Full kitchen appliances. Not much but we will gladly answer all your questions by phone or email. In the center of many different neighborhoods : Montmartre, the lively 9th arrondissement with all 
7585	This apartment is typicaly parisian with its wooden floor, marble fire place and balcony. You will endjoy during warm days to sit along the Canal for a drink.	Nice apartment near Canal St Martin, Gare de l'Est and St Quentin's market with a view on Sacré Coeur/Montmartre. One big bedroom, kitchen fully furnished, balcony, very confortable sofa/bed in living room. This apartment is typicaly parisian with its wooden floor, marble fire place and balcony. You will endjoy during warm days to sit along the Canal for a drink. Métro Château Landon is in front of the building and the line 7 brings you wherever you want in Paris. Gare de l'est is at 100 meters from the apartment and you can walk to Gare du Nord within 10min. You can easily Feel free to ask me some tips and good restaurants in Paris, I would be happy to help you to plan your trip. I love my street with its bakeries and small shops.  I love Canal Saint Martin where you can walk from home to Republic and have so many good and cheap restaurants. Métro 7 (1 min) Métro 4  5 (5min) RER E B D (10 min) Gares SNCF: Gare de l'Est (5min)  Gare du Nord (10 min) Bus 46 (1 min) Bus (phone number hid
7586	Experiment a nice and original place to live in Paris. Very sunny and quiet flat under the roof for a short or a long stay.	Charming flat located under the roof, next to the famous Republic place and the Marais district.  Experiment a nice and original place to live in Paris. Very sunny and quiet flat under the roof for a short or a long stay. The flat is on the 5th floor. Carefull, there is no lift to get there. I will give you some advice for your stay. There are many nice bars and restaurant around the place. The flat is situated between République and the Porte saint Martin. You wiil discover a very Parisian place. The canal saint Martin will offer you a nice time on sunday when there is no car anymore, to have a brunch or anything else. Very close to the metro station Republique (metro line : 3, 5, 8, 9, 11). You can also choose to walk or ride a bike to the main touristic spot (15min from Beaubourg, 5 min from Canal saint Martin).
7587	Hi there!  I sublet my mini-castle in Paris while I'm travelling!   It's a nice 30sq meters flat with 1 real bed for 2 persons. I provide:  - Free (and reliable) WIFI - Clean linen - Clean towels - iPhone / iPod / iPad plug - Coffee & little coffee machine, tea and sugar, you can also use the marmalade & butter in the fridge and also the basic food seasoning in my closets (oil, salt, pepper, vinegar, spices, etc etc) during your stay so you don't have to buy it! - A lot of english / french Paris tourist guides - A plug converter (on the kitchen desk) - A hairdryer - Shampoo and body soap in the bathroom. Also conditioner, most of the time! - Home made cold process soap  - And random welcome gifts depending on the day and the duration of your stay :) **Please keep in mind that I choose not to charge the cleaning fees and provide many free things for your stay: it's because I want you to feel like you're in a friend's house, not in a hotel... so please leave my flat in a good condition!*	A cosy and warm studio, 30sq meters, close to everything you need to spend a good time in paris: 3 subway stations within 5 minutes walk! TV, wifi, linen, full kitchen... everything you need ! Hi there!  I sublet my mini-castle in Paris while I'm travelling!   It's a nice 30sq meters flat with 1 real bed for 2 persons. I provide:  - Free (and reliable) WIFI - Clean linen - Clean towels - iPhone / iPod / iPad plug - Coffee & little coffee machine, tea and sugar, you can also use the marmalade & butter in the fridge and also the basic food seasoning in my closets (oil, salt, pepper, vinegar, spices, etc etc) during your stay so you don't have to buy it! - A lot of english / french Paris tourist guides - A plug converter (on the kitchen desk) - A hairdryer - Shampoo and body soap in the bathroom. Also conditioner, most of the time! - Home made cold process soap  - And random welcome gifts depending on the day and the duration of your stay :) **Please keep in mind that I choose not to char
7588		[Automatic translation] The apartment is located in a popular and cosmopolitan district of Paris. Much of life is found there on weekdays and more on weekends. I love the home, so much so that it's my job. When my guests are going well, I'm fine. I am lucky to be very well located in Paris, with a metro station in 4 minutes. [Automatic translation]  There are two bedrooms (unlocked). One for my guests, one for me. Without my consent, access to my room is strictly prohibited. I absolutely do not go into the room of my guests either. In addition, the apartment is accessible. [Automatic translation]  I will be very discreet, even invisible. Nevertheless, I remain very available if needed. [Automatic translation]  I am a 4-minute walk (max) from the Metro Belleville. Near, many tourist places such as Sacré-Cœur, Moulin Rouge, the Père Lachaise cemetery. Otherwise, it can be 30 minutes on the Champs- Elysées, the Orsay Museum, the Louvre Museum, the Tuileries Garden , the Cathedral of Notre
7589	Very quiet and comfortable, the apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator. The living room and the bedroom are West-South oriented so very sunny and the kitchen is East-South. Ideally located 30m only from Colonel Fabien subway station (line 2), you are 5 'walking distance from the Buttes Chaumont park that overlooks Paris and 10' away from so Parisian banks the Canal St Martin. Both are one of the most beautiful spots of romantic Paris. The apartment is fully furnished, with wifi internet, DVD player, washing machine...  The bedroom has a large bed (140cmx200cm), the living room is provided with one sofa-bed (110cmx180cm). Please do not hesitate to ask me any detail, I'll be glad to answer you. Hope to welcome you soon...!	Very quiet and comfortable apartment on the 6th floor with elevator. Sunny, many windows, and close to many convenient stores and Paris romantic spots (Buttes Chaumont park, banks of the Canal St Martin). Hope to welcome you soon...! Very quiet and comfortable, the apartment is located on the 6th floor with elevator. The living room and the bedroom are West-South oriented so very sunny and the kitchen is East-South. Ideally located 30m only from Colonel Fabien subway station (line 2), you are 5 'walking distance from the Buttes Chaumont park that overlooks Paris and 10' away from so Parisian banks the Canal St Martin. Both are one of the most beautiful spots of romantic Paris. The apartment is fully furnished, with wifi internet, DVD player, washing machine...  The bedroom has a large bed (140cmx200cm), the living room is provided with one sofa-bed (110cmx180cm). Please do not hesitate to ask me any detail, I'll be glad to answer you. Hope to welcome you soon...! I am always happy to s
7590	Big flat in a quiet borrow.	Big flat in a quiet borrow.
7591	Light! Cosy!Big, central, calm,colorful, kitchen to prepare anything you need 	Indipended Studio in  10ème next to métro station Strasbourg - Sant- Denis, lignes 4,8,9.  In the limits of  2ème, 3ème and 10ème. Calm in a little courtyard, 2 balcons  full off light, 5th flour escalators, kitchen, bathroom,WC, equipided, Wifi Light! Cosy!Big, central, calm,colorful, kitchen to prepare anything you need wifi, kitchen stuff, hair dryer,shampoo 10th distinct is one of Paris central mainstream neigborhoods. Spending time here will make you feel like you’re in the “real” Paris. Its  next to the atmospheric Canal St. Martin, vibrant restaurants, open cafés, lovely bistreaux. Trendy  bobo aritistic crowed, fashion, arichitect offices, acting schools.Ideal to go out!Magnificent weekend walks as the canal becomes a car-free zones on Saturday afternoons/night and all day on Sundays.  Bus, Feet, Velib, Central Metro stops&train stations: Gare du Nord, Gare de l’est, Barbes- Rochechouart, Belleville, Bonne Nouvelle, Republique and Stalingrad are some of the largest and mostly c
7592		Very shinny and nice 60m2 flat with a view on the Canal Saint Martin.  Near from subway, really central.  Buttes Chaumonts are very close, and the area is very pretty.
7593	In the center of Paris, sweet appartement, very lightfull (because it's located on the fifth floor without elevator) on backyard in a dead end street, very quiet. Closed to lot of shops, restaurant, bars.... and lot of subways. 5 minutes to Canal St Martin and Republique Place. 15 minutes by foot to Châtelet-les Halles and 20 minutes by foot to Galeries Lafayette and Printemps.	40m2 in a backyard. The building is in a dead end street, so it's a very quiet place. The flat has one bedroom (queen size bed) and a living room (with a 2 places coach-bed), a big separate kitchen. The flat is at the Fifth floor (without elevator). In the center of Paris, sweet appartement, very lightfull (because it's located on the fifth floor without elevator) on backyard in a dead end street, very quiet. Closed to lot of shops, restaurant, bars.... and lot of subways. 5 minutes to Canal St Martin and Republique Place. 15 minutes by foot to Châtelet-les Halles and 20 minutes by foot to Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. Very hype district in Paris but also a good family area. Closed to lot of subway :  - Place de la République (Line 3,5,8,9,11)  - Jacques Bonsergent (Line 5)  - Gare de L'est (Line 4,5,7)  - Chateau D'eau (Line 4)  1 or 2 stations of Gare du Nord/Paris Nord (L2,4,5; RER B (direct to airport Roissy Charles de Gaulle and Orly airport) and D)
7594	Apartment with 3 bedrooms, 65m2 ! It's a lovely atypical loft, between République and Goncourt, nearby the Canal saint Martin and close to the full off night life streets of Oberkampf, and Belleville . It´s quiet because after the backyard, and bright with the large roof windows in the living-room and kitchen. Easy to access direct on tne ground floor, with the additional room dowstairs.  There are 3 bedrooms : 2 with double bed, and one with a mezzanine ( for adult, large 120cm or a child + 6 years), and a little bed above for a child.  The apartment is suitable for couples or familly with children or baby, easy to access this ground floor (stroler, shopping, luggage...) We've  got  a portacot bed for baby, stokke baby chair and a table for change. This flat is for 5 adults only according to the type of beds. House with all modern convenience, wifi, tv, dvd, washing machine and dryer, vacuum cleaner...bathroom with bath, hair dryer, iron. Kitchen all included with oven, and microwave,	Lovely small loft, quiet, under large roof Windows. Wifi, tv. Suitable for couples and familly with baby or children. Full of life area next to République, Canal st Martin, Goncourt, Oberkampf, transports, supermarkets, cafes, restaurants, théâtres. Apartment with 3 bedrooms, 65m2 ! It's a lovely atypical loft, between République and Goncourt, nearby the Canal saint Martin and close to the full off night life streets of Oberkampf, and Belleville . It´s quiet because after the backyard, and bright with the large roof windows in the living-room and kitchen. Easy to access direct on tne ground floor, with the additional room dowstairs.  There are 3 bedrooms : 2 with double bed, and one with a mezzanine ( for adult, large 120cm or a child + 6 years), and a little bed above for a child.  The apartment is suitable for couples or familly with children or baby, easy to access this ground floor (stroler, shopping, luggage...) We've  got  a portacot bed for baby, stokke baby chair and a table fo
7595		Charmant appartement dans le 10eme arrondissement, au bord du canal saint Martin! Très calme, avec un grand séjour et une chambre, salle de bain et cuisine équipée! Idéal pour un couple avec enfant, peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes...
7596	Haussmannian style building. The place has one bedroom with clear view on the Sacré Coeur. You can also enjoy the Eiffel Tower shining from the living room! Capacity of 4 persons: 2 in the bedroom, 2 in the living room convertible sofa. Canal St Martin is the first thing you see when going out of the building…  The apartment is bright with windows in the bedroom, living room and kitchen (hotplate, blender, kettle, sink and utensils are at your disposal).   The wooden floor is giving the place an authentic style with a cosy and warm spirit. The bathroom is composed of a shower, a sink, a hairdryer and toilets. Small but practical!  Sheets and towels will be lent to you during your stay. --------------------------------------------------- L'immeuble est de type Haussmanien. Ce logement avec 1 chambre possède une vue dégagée sur le Sacré Cœur... Vous pourrez voir scintiller la Tour Eiffel depuis le salon!  Il y a possibilité de recevoir 4 personnes: 2 dans la chambre, 2 dans le canapé lit	A 2 rooms apartment (1 living room and 1 bedroom), all comfort, cosy, with a view on the Sacré Coeur and the Eiffel Tower. Along the Canal St Martin, near of metro lines... it'll be easy for you to enjoy Paris ! ----------------------------------------------- Un 2 pièces (30m2) tout confort,cosy, avec vue sur le Sacré cœur et la Tour Eiffel. Au bord du canal St Martin, proche du métro... il vous sera facile de découvrir Paris ! Haussmannian style building. The place has one bedroom with clear view on the Sacré Coeur. You can also enjoy the Eiffel Tower shining from the living room! Capacity of 4 persons: 2 in the bedroom, 2 in the living room convertible sofa. Canal St Martin is the first thing you see when going out of the building…  The apartment is bright with windows in the bedroom, living room and kitchen (hotplate, blender, kettle, sink and utensils are at your disposal).   The wooden floor is giving the place an authentic style with a cosy and warm spirit. The bathroom is compos
7597	Bright and sunny flat, renewed in 2012, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century. The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Center, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards. The neighbourhood is really lively, family friendly, really safe and considered to be one the place where the action is! Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by 2  windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (140x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower. The flat is equipped with:  ceramic top cooker, fridge, microwave, Italian coffe maker, mixer for smoothies toaster and obviousl	Typical parisian Appartment in the Canal Saint-Martin area (25 metres far).  You will enjoy of the  and bucol Bright and sunny flat, renewed in 2012, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin, between Republique Square and Gare de l'Est. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century. The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district, the Pompidou Center, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards. The neighbourhood is really lively, family friendly, really safe and considered to be one the place where the action is! Clean, cozy and well-organized 45 sqm brightened by 2  windows and composed in a bedroom with double bed and large wardrobe; a living room with a sofa double bed really comfy (140x200); a new charming kitchen fully equipped; a renovated bathroom with shower. The flat is equipp
7598		"Located in the heart of (trendy) Paris, the apartment offers everything you can expect for a perfect stay. Enjoy all the best of an active nightlife, finest ""gastronomique"" restaurants, and romantic walks aside Canal St-Martin."
7599	- very comfortable bed for two - oven - microwave - iron - washing machine - big Flat screen TV - fridge - Wifi - Clean	Beautiful appartment next to Canal St Martin and just next Chateau Landon Metro (line 7) & Gare de L'est (Metro line 4,5,7 + trains to France & Europe). By metro:  8 min from Opera 20 min from Champs-Elysees 25 min from Tour Eiffel 
7600		Lovely elegant studio with a wonderful view. Modern and nicely equipped. Bed for two persons, bar table with chairs, WC and bathroom, WiFi. One of the best districts in Paris, secure and charming, plenty of cosy bars and restaurants nearby, parks, 15
7601	This flat is nicely furnished and was very recently decorated including new (website hidden) has a well equipped kitchen area with a table, so is convenient for eating at home. The bedrooms have comfortable double beds and are very cosy. There is a (new) sofa-bed in the lounge area that can sleep 2. I can supply a travel cot(lit parapluie) The bathroom has a shower unit, toilet, sink and washing machine.	A well located comfortable 3 room apartment with 2 double bedrooms and sofa bed in the living room. Fully equipped kitchen.WIFI. It can accomodate up to 6 people ! Close to metro and easy access to major train stations and airports. This flat is nicely furnished and was very recently decorated including new (website hidden) has a well equipped kitchen area with a table, so is convenient for eating at home. The bedrooms have comfortable double beds and are very cosy. There is a (new) sofa-bed in the lounge area that can sleep 2. I can supply a travel cot(lit parapluie) The bathroom has a shower unit, toilet, sink and washing machine. Guests have access to whole apartment and all that it contains! I always meet guests on arrival to give the keys. I live a few stops on the metro away and am on hand if help is needed at all.  Place de la République has recently had a major makeover and is now a pedestrian area, shops and cafés all around. The flat is also within walking distance to other g
7602	A comfortable, sunny, all-equipped, just-renovated one bedroom apartment of 37 square meters in the heart of Paris (Xth arrondissement)!  The place comfortably accommodates 2 people, the bedroom containing a double bed, and a spacious built-in wardrobe. There is a washing machine and a rack for drying clothes. Sheets, bath towels, toilet paper etc are provided. The living room has a couch, a TV and a desk for a convenient stay. The kitchen has all the appliances and utensils you may need for cooking and eating, including a brand new microwave-oven and a new dishwasher. 	Recently renovated one-bedroom apartment near canal Saint-Martin and Gare de l'Est. A comfortable, sunny, all-equipped, just-renovated one bedroom apartment of 37 square meters in the heart of Paris (Xth arrondissement)!  The place comfortably accommodates 2 people, the bedroom containing a double bed, and a spacious built-in wardrobe. There is a washing machine and a rack for drying clothes. Sheets, bath towels, toilet paper etc are provided. The living room has a couch, a TV and a desk for a convenient stay. The kitchen has all the appliances and utensils you may need for cooking and eating, including a brand new microwave-oven and a new dishwasher. Right next to the lovely Canal Saint-Martin, with its cafes, bars, restaurant, and little shops. The neighborhood is safe and the building has a secure entrance in a quiet street (apartment is on the 3rd floor accessible by stairs only).  -- 3 min walk to Gare de l'est metro station (lines 4, 5, 7). 3 min walk to Jacques Bonsergent metro 
7603		Private room mezzanine bed 120 cm large for one person. In the heart of Paris. Room full of light and very calm. Share bathroom and living room. Clean and comfortable. 5 minutes walk to Eurostar station. A very interesting Paris quartier with cosy restaurants, bars and boutiques. 
7604	Appartement spacieux (55m²) proche de toutes les commodités (boulangerie, carrefour, monoprix, tabacs...).  Deux chambres équipées d'un lit double chacune. L'une donne sur la cour intérieure, l'autre, sans vis-à-vis, donne sur les voies de la gare de l'Est. L'appartement comprend :  Une salle de bain avec baignoire sabot/douche, Une cuisine équipée (micro-onde, lave-linge, bouilloire, machine à café, grille-pain..), Un salon. RQ : Il y a quelques meubles en plus, depuis que nous avons pris les photos et le canapé a changé! Appartement desservi par de nombreux transports en commun :  - Gare du Nord (M : 2, 4 & 5) (RER B, D). - Gare de l'Est (M : 4, 5 & 7) - Magenta (RER E) - Sans compter les bus... Proche du Canal Saint Martin.  A disposition :  WIFI Sèche cheveux	Appartement douillet : 2 chambres avec lit double, 1 salon, 1 sdb, 1 cuisine équipée. Vue sur les voies de la gare de l'Est. Très central : 2min à pied de la Gare du Nord et de la Gare de l'Est. Métro : 2, 4, 5, 7, RER B, D & E. Appartement spacieux (55m²) proche de toutes les commodités (boulangerie, carrefour, monoprix, tabacs...).  Deux chambres équipées d'un lit double chacune. L'une donne sur la cour intérieure, l'autre, sans vis-à-vis, donne sur les voies de la gare de l'Est. L'appartement comprend :  Une salle de bain avec baignoire sabot/douche, Une cuisine équipée (micro-onde, lave-linge, bouilloire, machine à café, grille-pain..), Un salon. RQ : Il y a quelques meubles en plus, depuis que nous avons pris les photos et le canapé a changé! Appartement desservi par de nombreux transports en commun :  - Gare du Nord (M : 2, 4 & 5) (RER B, D). - Gare de l'Est (M : 4, 5 & 7) - Magenta (RER E) - Sans compter les bus... Proche du Canal Saint Martin.  A disposition :  WIFI Sèche cheve
7605	We live in a 3 rooms of 65 sqm in a beautiful stone building on the 2nd floor. We have optimized our apartment to have more comfort and space as possible! We love nature and design of locations at once. Rather minimalist, there's a place for each thing! It consists of an entrance hall with storage, a 1st bedroom + dressing room, a bathroom and separate toilet, a large open living area (with sofa bed 2 places) with double exposure and finally to 2nd bedroom with 1 bunk bed with 2 adult beds (change in September 13, there 's no more cot with bars). There is every comfort: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, induction, Nespresso machine, Freezer, fridge), TV, computer with guest account and a washer-dryer in the bathroom. Little more, the balcony for the smokers! The area is very nice! Restaurants : Lignac, the Bistro Paul Bert, Septime (1 star at the Michelin Guide), WorldFood, ParisHanoï. Ducasse chocolates, shopping streets and designer shops, market Aligre, parks ... The area is 	Very nice apartment and very functional ! For 6 with 2 separate bedrooms and a sofa bed . A 1-minute walk from the Metro Charonne, with private parking and elevator. If you want to be immersed in the real Paris , welcome home ! We live in a 3 rooms of 65 sqm in a beautiful stone building on the 2nd floor. We have optimized our apartment to have more comfort and space as possible! We love nature and design of locations at once. Rather minimalist, there's a place for each thing! It consists of an entrance hall with storage, a 1st bedroom + dressing room, a bathroom and separate toilet, a large open living area (with sofa bed 2 places) with double exposure and finally to 2nd bedroom with 1 bunk bed with 2 adult beds (change in September 13, there 's no more cot with bars). There is every comfort: equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, induction, Nespresso machine, Freezer, fridge), TV, computer with guest account and a washer-dryer in the bathroom. Little more, the balcony for the smoke
7606	Entre le Canal Saint Martin et le Bassin de la Villette, pas très loin de Montmartre, Belleville, le Parc de la Villette (Musée des Sciences et de l’Industrie) et les Buttes Chaumont, à qq mn des cinémas, cafés, restaurants, boulangerie, fromagerie, cave à bières, cave à vins, marchand de légumes, traiteurs, poissonnerie, Franprix ou Monoprix… une grande chambre, au rez-de-chaussée d’un petit immeuble du XIXe siècle en pierre de taille, typiquement parisien, venant d’être rénové, sur rue calme, vue dégagée sur une cour d’école et ses arbres, lumineux. La chambre a été rénovée récemment, elle a beaucoup de charme et est confortable. Elle dispose d'une commode à votre disposition, d’un lit double de 160x200, d’un grand bureau et d’une table basse. Il y a une petite salle de bain avec baignoire et des toilettes dans l’appartement. Cette chambre fait partie de notre logement, le loft d’un couple d’artistes en activité de 160m2 dans lequel nous vivons avec nos deux enfants qui sont étudiant	Quartier très sympa. Entre le Canal Saint Martin et le Bassin de la Villette. Une grande chambre, dans un loft de 160m2 situé au rez-de-chaussée d’un immeuble du XIXe siècle en pierre de taille, typiquement parisien. Accès au salon avec un piano pour les amateurs. Entre le Canal Saint Martin et le Bassin de la Villette, pas très loin de Montmartre, Belleville, le Parc de la Villette (Musée des Sciences et de l’Industrie) et les Buttes Chaumont, à qq mn des cinémas, cafés, restaurants, boulangerie, fromagerie, cave à bières, cave à vins, marchand de légumes, traiteurs, poissonnerie, Franprix ou Monoprix… une grande chambre, au rez-de-chaussée d’un petit immeuble du XIXe siècle en pierre de taille, typiquement parisien, venant d’être rénové, sur rue calme, vue dégagée sur une cour d’école et ses arbres, lumineux. La chambre a été rénovée récemment, elle a beaucoup de charme et est confortable. Elle dispose d'une commode à votre disposition, d’un lit double de 160x200, d’un grand bureau e
7607	L'appartement est calme et agréable, bien situé au milieu d'un quartier dynamique de Paris.	2-room apartment (30m2) for 2 people, in a quite street, conveniently located: steps away from République, Canal Saint Martin and any facilities (restaurants, bar, grocery stores...)
7608	"!!! check on (website hidden) for more !! In an old building, warm and bright apartment completely renovated in January 2011. Comfortable and functional, you'll be ""at home"". 4th floor with elevator, 100 m underground and famous Canal Saint-Martin, in the heart of the neighborhood of Amelie Poulain! The apartment is furnished in the style of Art Deco with original furniture and architecture Haussmanien. It has a large living room with sofa bed for 2 people (140 * 190), coffee table, TV, Stereo & DVD and a dining area seats 4. The bedroom has a king size bed (200 * 160), a spacious wardrobe and a small reading area with antique chair and coffee table. In the living room, large closet is also available. The kitchen is equipped with washing machine / fridge / freezer / toaster / coffee / tea rizeuse ... The bathroom has a bath, shower and towel dry. WiFi ADSL and double glazing in all parts of the apartment.  All shops within 50 m: supermarkets, dry cleaners, banks, vegetables, dairy, mea"	"!!! check on (website hidden) for more !! In an old building, warm and bright apartment completely renovated in January 2011. Comfortable and functional, you'll be ""at home"". 4th floor with elevator, 100 m underground and famous Canal Saint-Martin, in the heart of the neighborhood of Amelie Poulain! The apartment is furnished in the style of Art Deco with original furniture and architecture Haussmanien. It has a large living room with sofa bed for 2 people (140 * 190), coffee table, TV, Stereo & DVD and a dining area seats 4. The bedroom has a king size bed (200 * 160), a spacious wardrobe and a small reading area with antique chair and coffee table. In the living room, large closet is also available. The kitchen is equipped with washing machine / fridge / freezer / toaster / coffee / tea rizeuse ... The bathroom has a bath, shower and towel dry. WiFi ADSL and double glazing in all parts of the apartment.  All shops within 50 m: supermarkets, dry cleaners, banks, vegetables, dairy, mea"
7609		Cosy 2 pièces à 2 pas du Canal saint Martin. Chambre avec lit double et canapé convertible tout confort dans grand salon avec cuisine américaine équipée. Proche des Buttes Chaumont, de République ou du Parc de la Villette;(5 mn à pied des metros 7 5 et 2) 
7610	This beautiful place on one of the most famous street in Paris, Rue Lafayette is located at floor 3 [ with an elevator]. This cute apartment will be perfect for your short or middle stays in the most classy town in the world. The apartment features 3 bedrooms, 1 living room, and 1 bathroom. The bathroom is brand new.  	This charming 60m2 apartment hosts up to 8 people. The design of this flat was intended to optimize space and light inside the house. Each detail was meticulously chosen to make you feel in a typical chic and trendy French house. This beautiful place on one of the most famous street in Paris, Rue Lafayette is located at floor 3 [ with an elevator]. This cute apartment will be perfect for your short or middle stays in the most classy town in the world. The apartment features 3 bedrooms, 1 living room, and 1 bathroom. The bathroom is brand new.  I provide soft towels and linens to my guest. Wireless internet is a must in my apartment, I give my guests the code as soon as they book they place. I am always available for my guests and always make my very best to meet their requirements. The neighborhood is one of the most famous is Paris. It is chic and trendy. It is close to any places a tourist should visit during his stay in Paris. The flat is close to bars and restaurants. Metro, bus , 
7611	Big and Sunny living room with US kitchen. 4 spacious rooms  2 design bathroom Cosy antique furniture. 4 bedrooms for 6 peoples :  1 Double size bedroom   1 bedroom with two single bed 2 bedrooms with one single bed	Feel real Parisian style in our spacious flat, 135m2 in the center of Paris. Very sunny adn bright living room of 55m2. Walking distance from Marais, Opera, Canal St Martin. You are in the heart of Paris ! Big and Sunny living room with US kitchen. 4 spacious rooms  2 design bathroom Cosy antique furniture. 4 bedrooms for 6 peoples :  1 Double size bedroom   1 bedroom with two single bed 2 bedrooms with one single bed The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet I am freelance journalist so I know all good address in Paris, feel free to ask me if you need a tip for your travel about restaurant, shopping, visit etc... A lot of good restaurants, bars and cafés. Feel Parisian vibe in a heart of real popular parisien district. 3 metro stations, many bus lines But you can walk to Marais or to Canal Saint Martin. Even Opera is not so far... Have a nice stay in Paris !
7612		"A charming 45sqm flat, next to ""gare du nord"" station (5min by foot) that deserves London and Bruxelles plus the 2 main airports. We are also at two metro stations from Montmartre, the ""moulin rouge"" and close to the ""canal Saint Martin"". - High Speed Wireless Internet Access, - Full use of well equipped kitchen, - shared bathroom, - hairdryer, RER B and RER D - stop at ""Gare du Nord"" metro line 4 and 5 - stop at ""Gare du Nord"" metro line 4, 5 and 7- stop at ""gare de l'Est"""
7613	Nice newly renovated studio located on the 2nd floor. Our studio is well equipped, quiet, with a good atmosphere. You will have the apartement just for yourselves and we provide sheets and towels. The neighborhood is very nice. Close to many metro stations: République, Bonsergent, Château d'eau, Strasbourg saint-Denis. 	"You will stay in bright and just renewed studio, fully equipped ! Metro stations are in the street so you will have an easy access to the mains spots of paris ! Nice newly renovated studio located on the 2nd floor. Our studio is well equipped, quiet, with a good atmosphere. You will have the apartement just for yourselves and we provide sheets and towels. The neighborhood is very nice. Close to many metro stations: République, Bonsergent, Château d'eau, Strasbourg saint-Denis. Vous disposerez de l'appartement complet et ne le partagerez pas. We are available, so don't hesit if you have any questions ! The neighborhood is very nice. Close to many metro stations: République, Bonsergent, Château d'eau, Strasbourg saint-Denis. There are many ""velib"" stations in the area if you want to visit Paris with a bike"
7614		Bright & spacious 3 rooms flat (2 large bedrooms, livingroom with Sofa bed), with a great view on Sacré coeur (from bedroom, kitchen & bathroom). 2 min walk from Gare de l'Est & Gare du Nord (eurostar/thalys), very cool area, close to canal st martin
7615	It is a very cosy and practical flat: has a double bed in the room, a bathtub in the bathroom, a big table, nice couch and TV in the living room, separate toilets in the entrance, a small kitchen with all the basics.  It is full of light from the morning to the evening. The apartment is at the fifth floor with an elevator. It is decorated in a simple modern way - mostly white and minimalistic.  You will feel very comfortable staying there for a few days. It is great for a holiday, ideal to relax, even to work if you need to.  It is the perfect place to visit Paris and rest at the same time. It is in the heart of one of the coolest areas in Paris; right on the Canal Saint-Martin. The  a young and trendy central neighbourhood. Easy to come in and out, if you need to pass by the flat during a busy day.  You can walk up and down the canal, find shops, markets, restaurants and bars.  The closest subway is Republique and will take you quickly to most places in Paris. You are at a ten minute 	The flat is cosy and easy to live in. It is full of light  all day long, decorated with taste. It is located in one of the best areas Paris, right on the Canal Saint Martin. It is surrounded by great shops, restaurants, and walks. It is a very cosy and practical flat: has a double bed in the room, a bathtub in the bathroom, a big table, nice couch and TV in the living room, separate toilets in the entrance, a small kitchen with all the basics.  It is full of light from the morning to the evening. The apartment is at the fifth floor with an elevator. It is decorated in a simple modern way - mostly white and minimalistic.  You will feel very comfortable staying there for a few days. It is great for a holiday, ideal to relax, even to work if you need to.  It is the perfect place to visit Paris and rest at the same time. It is in the heart of one of the coolest areas in Paris; right on the Canal Saint-Martin. The  a young and trendy central neighbourhood. Easy to come in and out, if you ne
7616	Spacious & luminous duplex 107sqm in a calm street above Canal St Martin. 1st floor: Living room with balcony, Dining room, Kitchen (fully equipped) and rest room. 2nd floor: 1 bathroom, 3 rooms with double beds, one with a shower. 	Spacious & luminous duplex 107sqm in a calm street above Canal St Martin. 1st floor: Living room with balcony, Dining room, Kitchen & 1st restroom. 2nd floor: 1 bathroom, 2nd restroom, 3 rooms with double beds, one with a shower. Make it your home! Spacious & luminous duplex 107sqm in a calm street above Canal St Martin. 1st floor: Living room with balcony, Dining room, Kitchen (fully equipped) and rest room. 2nd floor: 1 bathroom, 3 rooms with double beds, one with a shower.  Full Access Above the very trendy area of Canal Saint Martin (at Metro Station Goncourt).  In a quiet street, surrounded with hype restaurants and lively community. Metro Goncourt Bus 75, 46 Parking at Hospital Saint Louis (200 meter), avenue Claude Vellefaux 75010
7617	"A cool, comfortable, fully equiped lighty appartment. Its 4 windows gives a romantical and charming view on parisian Canal St Martin. The  appartment is decorated in a pure parisian style (cf pics). It is centrally located on a quite street of the trendy ""Canal St Martin"". This apartment has an area of 60 m², this is an appartmenet located on Quai de Jemmapes in the 10th arrondissement, on the 4th floor of an early 20th century building and is ideal for 1 up to 4 persons. This apartment is equipped with: washer/heater, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The building is equipped with: one entry code and one concierge..  An entry with wardrobe leads to the lounge.  The main room has 43m² with 3  glazed window overlooking the Canal St Martin of Paris, not overlooked. This room is equipped with: double sofa bed, chains, cable, TV, wifi, a dresser, wooden floors.  The kit"	"A large bright renovated loft with a separated bedroom (up to 4 dormitories / 60 sq m2) in the heart of Paris with a full view on the trendy new fashion area of Canal Saint Martin. Fully equiped and decorated with all brand new electonic kitchen A cool, comfortable, fully equiped lighty appartment. Its 4 windows gives a romantical and charming view on parisian Canal St Martin. The  appartment is decorated in a pure parisian style (cf pics). It is centrally located on a quite street of the trendy ""Canal St Martin"". This apartment has an area of 60 m², this is an appartmenet located on Quai de Jemmapes in the 10th arrondissement, on the 4th floor of an early 20th century building and is ideal for 1 up to 4 persons. This apartment is equipped with: washer/heater, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The building is equipped with: one entry code and one concierge..  An ent"
7618	A great balcony with open view over Paris' roof. At the 5th floor with lift.  The bedroom has a large bed, a desk. The sofa will welcome a 3rd adult.  I have renovated the entire flat this year. And I love it. So do you, I hope.	"A great view, a quiet place in the heart of the ""ville lumière"". In a great neighborhood, Le Louvre, Opera and Marais' district are reachable walking. I hope you'll feel like at home ! A great balcony with open view over Paris' roof. At the 5th floor with lift.  The bedroom has a large bed, a desk. The sofa will welcome a 3rd adult.  I have renovated the entire flat this year. And I love it. So do you, I hope. You will have acces to the entire flat. The bathroom is equiped with a washing machine and a dryer. You'll also find a hairdryer and a bathtub.  The kitchen is fully equipped : dishwasher, nespresso coffeemaker, induction, whistling kettle.  Acces to wifi, TV, bluetooth music station.  I unfortunately won't be there to welcome you. Be be sure that I'll be available at all time. I felt in love with the surroundings as soon as I moved in the flat. You will find dozen of restaurants and bars around. A real typical paris atmosphere. There is a lot of shops in the neighborhood (bakery"
7619	Notre appartement est idéalement situé à 3 minutes à pieds de la Gare du Nord, proche des transports qui vous emmènent partout dans Paris en moins de 30 minutes.	Chambre avec lit double en mezzanine (bon matelas) avec salle de bain privée dans loft agréable, possibilité d'utiliser la cuisine, Gare du Nord proche transports ATTENTION le lit est en mezzanine et ne convient pas à des personnes âgées ou qui ont des problèmes de mobilité Notre appartement est idéalement situé à 3 minutes à pieds de la Gare du Nord, proche des transports qui vous emmènent partout dans Paris en moins de 30 minutes. Vous aurez accès à la pièce à vivre, la cuisine et la chambre dispose de sa propre salle de bain. Nous vous apporterons toute l'aide nécessaire à votre séjour. Nous connaissons bien le quartier et les transports parisiens. Nous avons des cartes, des guides, etc. Little India! avec des restaurants indiens et une vie nocturne agréable et sûre. RER B et D GARE DU NORD RER E MAGENTA Métro ligne 2 La Chapelle Métro ligne 4 et 5 Gare du Nord Métro ligne 7 Louis Blanc Nombreux bus (terminus Gare du Nord)
7620	2 bedroom apartment close to the Canal Saint Martin overlooking pedestrian courtyard outside traffic noise channel. 3rd floor light and views of the Sacred Heart of Montmartre in the distance.  The apartment consists of a large living room, a kitchen, a spacious bedroom with double bed. Bathroom and separate WC. Parking possible (10 euros extra per day)	"Ideally located on a pedestrian square at first glance the Canal Saint-Martin, this great two quiet and bright rooms can accommodate 3 people comfortably. 10 min from the ""Gare du Nord"" railway station 5 min from the ""Gare de l'Est"" railway station 2 bedroom apartment close to the Canal Saint Martin overlooking pedestrian courtyard outside traffic noise channel. 3rd floor light and views of the Sacred Heart of Montmartre in the distance.  The apartment consists of a large living room, a kitchen, a spacious bedroom with double bed. Bathroom and separate WC. Parking possible (10 euros extra per day) By train:  10 min walk from the Gare du Nord  5 min walk from the Gare de l'Est  40 minutes by metro from the Montparnasse train station (direct line 4)  30 minutes by metro from the Gare de Lyon (direct line 5)  By plane:  45 minutes from Charles de Gaulle (Train RER B direct from Gare du Nord)  45 minutes from Orly airport (Train RER B from Gare du Nord then Orlyval)"
7621	Details: Welcome to Paris,Le Marais,République,Canal St Martin   Newly furnished and decorated bright studio, double bed and double sofa bed- sleep 1-3 pers. Clean, comfortable, well equipped flat in a great location. equipped kitchen, TV, internet, bed sheets and towels.There is lots of light from the windows and the beds are comfortable.The studio is within yards from Canal Saint Martin( Quai de Valmy) For a morning stroll or to enjoy a vibrant night atmosphere, it is also within couple minutes walk to the trendy Place de la Republic area and Villemin gardens, restaurants a and supermarket  are across the street. The studio also benefits from excellent transport links , metro is within couple minutes walking distance. Gare du Nord (Eurostar ) and Gare du l’Est are accessible with direct transport links ( 5 minutes away). There are great cafes/restaurants in the same street and fabulous boulangeries nearby for croissants for breakfast. A small supermarket is across the street. The can	Summary:Newly furnished and well equipped bright studio. Sleep 1-4pers. The studio is close to Canal Saint Martin, the trendy Place de la Republic and to excellent transport links (metro and train stations)  Paris is a fantastic city and the studio is in a perfect location to enjoy it. Details: Welcome to Paris,Le Marais,République,Canal St Martin   Newly furnished and decorated bright studio, double bed and double sofa bed- sleep 1-3 pers. Clean, comfortable, well equipped flat in a great location. equipped kitchen, TV, internet, bed sheets and towels.There is lots of light from the windows and the beds are comfortable.The studio is within yards from Canal Saint Martin( Quai de Valmy) For a morning stroll or to enjoy a vibrant night atmosphere, it is also within couple minutes walk to the trendy Place de la Republic area and Villemin gardens, restaurants a and supermarket  are across the street. The studio also benefits from excellent transport links , metro is within couple minutes w
7622	Le logement est très mignon et très fonctionnel. Avec une belle vue sur le Sacré Coeur et une cours intérieur très calme.  	Appartement très agréable et spacieux, hébergement jusqu'à quatre personnes. Très lumineux et tout confort avec une très belle vue sur Montmartre. Quartier très sympathique entre la Villette et le canal Saint-Martin, super pour les balades !  Le logement est très mignon et très fonctionnel. Avec une belle vue sur le Sacré Coeur et une cours intérieur très calme. Les voyageurs ont un accès wi-fi à internet et peuvent se servir en thé et en café sans aucun soucis !  Les housses et couettes sont fournies, pensez à ne pas oublier votre serviette de bain. Je ne serai pas présente dans le logement lorsque les voyageurs y arriveront, les clés seront données soit par moi même ou par une amis qui habite à côté. Le quartier est très sympathique,  le canal de la Villette et la Rotonde sont à 5 minutes pour une super balade. De l'autre côté le canal Saint-Martin avec ces bars sympas, et les buttes Chaumont ne sont pas loin. Quartier très agréable ! Le quartier est très bien desservi : ligne 5, 2, 
7623	Sunny, cosy and quiet (courtyard view)	Big one bedroom flat decorated vintage scandinave style. The flat is very quiet (on courtyard) and sunny. There is one big bedroom with double bed and a desk. Dressing, bathroom 70's style with big bathtub, one more person can sleep on the sofa The apartment is 5 mins walk to Canal st Martin, the area is full of cool bars restaurants and further down on the canal you will find lots of trendy shops you are 5 mins walk to Gare de l'est, 8 mins to Gare du Nord (RER to Charles de Gaulle Airport, Thalys & Eurostar arrivals) , the nearest tube station is Chateau Landon (line 7)
7624	The apartment consists of a big and charming living room and a spacious bedroom. Both rooms have windows facing the street. From the bedroom you access the bathroom and a dressing room.  The kitchen is separated and is fully equipped.  Dining table for 6 people available (folding wooden table)   Separated toilet.   	Fully equipped Parisian flat with comfortable sleeping possibilities for 4people in big bedroom and a bed sofa in the living room/45m2  2min walk from the lovely Canal St Martin, subway station Goncourt and 6 min to famous Place de la République  The apartment consists of a big and charming living room and a spacious bedroom. Both rooms have windows facing the street. From the bedroom you access the bathroom and a dressing room.  The kitchen is separated and is fully equipped.  Dining table for 6 people available (folding wooden table)   Separated toilet.   WIFI Kitchen:. Gas stove, microwave oven, fridge, freezer, nespresso machine and all equipment needed to cook at home Collection of DVDs and blue-rays.  We speak Spanish, Swedish, French, English and Italian. When you will come there will be a map and a lonely planet guide of Paris. We will be glad to give you tips where to eat, shop and visit if wanted.  The apartment is situated on a quiet street by the Canal St Martin which is a 
7625	At the corner of Bretagne and Saintonge streets, our flat is located in the heart of the traindy area of « Le Marais ».  The flat is spacious (58 quarter meters), modern, with a large living room, American kitchen fully furnished, with two bedrooms and dressings.  The location is very central. You will stay in a very famous area of Paris, well known for it’s little streets, numerous art galleries, restaurants, groceries, bakerys, fashion stores… It’s the perfect spot to discover the gastronomic, cultural and artistic Paris with friends or family !  Just around the corner, you’ll find the famous “Marché des enfants rouges”, one of the oldest market in Paris, the Picasso Museum (5 minutes walking distance), George Pompidou Museum (15-20 minutes by feet), the famous “Place des Voges”, Bastille… To accommodate your stay, every commodities are in the street : groceries, minimarket, pharmacy, butcher, fishmonger, fruit and veg merchants… You’ll find guides, maps et good advices at our arriva	Apartment with large living room in the middle of a neighborhood full of life you like. For a trendy, cultural or both stay. At the heart of the rue de Bretagne equally distant from Bastille and Republique you are in the heart of Parisian life. At the corner of Bretagne and Saintonge streets, our flat is located in the heart of the traindy area of « Le Marais ».  The flat is spacious (58 quarter meters), modern, with a large living room, American kitchen fully furnished, with two bedrooms and dressings.  The location is very central. You will stay in a very famous area of Paris, well known for it’s little streets, numerous art galleries, restaurants, groceries, bakerys, fashion stores… It’s the perfect spot to discover the gastronomic, cultural and artistic Paris with friends or family !  Just around the corner, you’ll find the famous “Marché des enfants rouges”, one of the oldest market in Paris, the Picasso Museum (5 minutes walking distance), George Pompidou Museum (15-20 minutes by
7626	A private room with a very large futon bed, a lovely open kitchen that provides a dining table as well as comfortable armchairs.	"Private room in charming 3 rooms flat, situated in a lively neighbourhood but very calm once inside. Close to the city centre of Paris, lots of metro lines, easily accessible from stations and airports. A private room with a very large futon bed, a lovely open kitchen that provides a dining table as well as comfortable armchairs. The room is private while the kitchen and bathroom are shared spaces (with us, not with other guests). We will let you know all details you need whenever you ask for them. Neighbourhood is very animated with lots of cafés, bars and restaurants. Close by, the canal Saint-Martin is also a famous area for nice walks and coffees outside. The market Saint-Quentin is opened every day except Mondays, and you'll find there everything you would like, including really fine French cheeses ;) The RER B is 10mn away (gare du Nord) so if you come by plane it's a direct journey. Metro lines 4, 5 and 7 are also very close (closest stop is 3mn walk: ""Château d'eau or Gare de l"
7627	38m2 flat in the 10ème. Very close to the Canal Saint-Martin, Gare du Nord (Eurostar) and Gare de l’Est. One separate bedroom ( bed for 2 people), and one sofa bed (for 2). Living room with a big sofa, tv, Wii game console, free Wifi. Open-plan kitchen, all necessary cooking items (fridge, oven, microwave, ceramic hob, Nespresso coffee machine, plates…) Bathroom with toilets, shower, washing machine, flatiron. 3rd floor without elevator. Subway 7 (stop Château-Landon) is at 30 seconds by walk. Garde de l’Est and Garde du Nord are at 7 minutes by walk (lines : Eurostar, 4, 5, 7, RER B, RER D). Bus stop just in front of the building. The neighbourhood is very charming : Canal Saint-Martin only 3 minutes by walk, quay are closed for cars on Sunday. République neighbourhood very close (2 subway stop), or 15 minutes by walk. Marais district 10 minutes by bus. Buttes Chaumont are accessible by metro (7bis stop at Louis Blanc). Located close to all amenities, grocery stores, banks, boulangeri	38m2 flat in the 10ème. Very close to the Canal Saint-Martin, Gare du Nord (Eurostar) and Gare de l’Est. One separate bedroom ( bed for 2 people), and one sofa bed (for 2). Living room with a big sofa, tv, Wii game console, free Wifi. Open-plan kitchen, all necessary cooking items (fridge, oven, microwave, ceramic hob, Nespresso coffee machine, plates…) Bathroom with toilets, shower, washing machine, flatiron. 3rd floor without elevator. Subway 7 (stop Château-Landon) is at 30 seconds by walk. Garde de l’Est and Garde du Nord are at 7 minutes by walk (lines : Eurostar, 4, 5, 7, RER B, RER D). Bus stop just in front of the building. The neighbourhood is very charming : Canal Saint-Martin only 3 minutes by walk, quay are closed for cars on Sunday. République neighbourhood very close (2 subway stop), or 15 minutes by walk. Marais district 10 minutes by bus. Buttes Chaumont are accessible by metro (7bis stop at Louis Blanc). Located close to all amenities, grocery stores, banks, boulangeri
7628		Sur le canal, quai de jemmapes, très beau 60m2 avec deux chambres et une cuisine. grand balcon orientation plein sud donnant sur un parc. Calme et lumineux! idéal en amoureux, possibilité d'accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes!
7629	Il est composée d'un lit double 140x200 et d'un canapé-lit (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision avec plus de 300 chaines, et un accès internet en Wi-Fi.  La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  L'appartement est tout proche de la Gare du Nord. Il se situe au rez-de-chaussée. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis.	En plein coeur de Paris, studio à 2 minutes à pied de la Gare du Nord 1 lit double, 1 canapé-lit, douche, toilette, cuisine 4 personnes, 15 m2 Rez-de-chaussée, tout équipé (Wi-Fi, TV, ...) Il est composée d'un lit double 140x200 et d'un canapé-lit (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision avec plus de 300 chaines, et un accès internet en Wi-Fi.  La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  L'appartement est tout proche de la Gare du Nord. Il se situe au rez-de-chaussée. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis. L'appartement entier est mis à disposition des voyageurs. Si vous avez la moindre question avant ou pendant votre séjour, je suis toujours disponible par mail, par téléphone, ou tout sim
7630	This apartment is on the 4th floor, pretty quiet, well furnished with all the amenities you would need for your stay	Quiet apartment very well located in the heart of Paris and makes it ideal to explore the city and live a Parisian experience. Confortable, quiet, well located, good connections with public transport This apartment is on the 4th floor, pretty quiet, well furnished with all the amenities you would need for your stay Typical Parisian neighborhood with many bars, café, bistrot, restaurants, markets... Everything you need is there ! Very well connected with two metro stations é minutes walking. Line 8 (Bonne Nouvelle Station) and line 4 (Strasbourg Saint Denis Station). There is also a Vélib' station down the apartment. Very convenient to rent a bike to explore the city. I will be out of town for few days so I am only available for check-in on the Thursday 19th at the end of the afternoon. I am available to provide any information. I can be reached at any time either through email, text or phone.
7631	Il est composée d'un lit double 140x200 et d'un canapé-lit (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision.  La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition une machine à laver. L'appartement est au calme et donne sur le Canal Saint-Martin. Il se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis.	En plein coeur de Paris, studio calme et lumineux  1 lit double, 1 canapé-lit, douche, toilette, cuisine 4 personnes, 16 m2 2ème étage, tout équipé (TV, machine à laver, ...) Il est composée d'un lit double 140x200 et d'un canapé-lit (2 couchages). Pour vous divertir, vous y trouverez une télévision.  La cuisine est bien équipée, vous y trouverez un micro-ondes et une plaque de cuisson, ainsi que tout le matériel nécessaire pour vous permettre de cuisiner agréablement.  Vous aurez aussi à votre disposition une machine à laver. L'appartement est au calme et donne sur le Canal Saint-Martin. Il se situe au 2 ème étage. L'accès à l'immeuble est sécurisé (digicode). Très soigneux, j'accorde une grande importance à la propreté et au confort de mes invités. Des draps et des serviettes propres sont fournis. L'appartement entier est mis à disposition des voyageurs. Si vous avez la moindre question avant ou pendant votre séjour, je suis toujours disponible par mail, par téléphone, ou tout simple
7632		A very well located appartment - near Canal St Martin and Republique,  A perfect appartment for a couple 
7633	Located right in the centre of Paris, on the 5th floor, my place is a very cosy, quiet and typical Parisian apartment. I live alone in a large 120sqm apartment and love to receive visitors! The private room overlooking the courtyard and is  of course very quiet. It's a fully furnished with a double bed, a wardrobe, a table and 2 chairs and a individual shower with WC. The linen is provided (sheets, towels ...). The apartment is really well located close to Gares du Nord station: 3 minutes walk! Lots of public transports are available: subways (crossing 2,4,5),  many buses, RER from Orly and Roissy, Eurostar ...  You're welcome ....	Located right in the centre of Paris, on the 5th floor, my place is a very cosy, quiet and typical Parisian apartment. I live alone in a large 120sqm apartment and love to receive visitors! The private room overlooking the courtyard and is  of course very quiet. It's a fully furnished with a double bed, a wardrobe, a table and 2 chairs and a individual shower with WC. The linen is provided (sheets, towels ...). The apartment is really well located close to Gares du Nord station: 3 minutes walk! Lots of public transports are available: subways (crossing 2,4,5),  many buses, RER from Orly and Roissy, Eurostar ...  You're welcome ....
7634	La chambre est idéale pour un couple ou gens souhaitant séjourner en plein coeur de Paris. Elle est dans un appartement de 75 m² situé dans un immeuble en fond de cour. L'immeuble en question est sur deux niveaux, le 1er étage est habité par un couple, et le 2ième étage occupé par moi-même avec mes deux autres colocataires, Constance et Fanny. L'immeuble est à 5min à pied de République, 5 min du canal Saint-Martin, 15 min à pied de Beaubourg et plein d'autres lieux atypiques. La chambre fait 16m² avec cheminée, parquet au sol, et 2 grandes fenêtres. L'appartement est équipée d'une cuisine ouverte sur l'espace commun (2 frigos, gazinière, four...), 2 autres chambres occupées par mes colocataires, une salle de bain avec baignoire ( machine à laver), un dressing, des toilettes et un espace grenier en sous les toits de la maison. Studio idéal pour un couple ou une personne, situé en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du Marais. Studio de 20m², avec petite cuisine séparée(équipé, petit four,f	La chambre est idéale pour un couple ou gens souhaitant séjourner en plein coeur de Paris. Elle est dans un appartement de 75 m² situé dans un immeuble en fond de cour. L'immeuble en question est sur deux niveaux, le 1er étage est habité par un couple, et le 2ième étage occupé par moi-même avec mes deux autres colocataires, Constance et Fanny. L'immeuble est à 5min à pied de République, 5 min du canal Saint-Martin, 15 min à pied de Beaubourg et plein d'autres lieux atypiques. La chambre fait 16m² avec cheminée, parquet au sol, et 2 grandes fenêtres. L'appartement est équipée d'une cuisine ouverte sur l'espace commun (2 frigos, gazinière, four...), 2 autres chambres occupées par mes colocataires, une salle de bain avec baignoire ( machine à laver), un dressing, des toilettes et un espace grenier en sous les toits de la maison. Studio idéal pour un couple ou une personne, situé en plein coeur de Paris, à deux pas du Marais. Studio de 20m², avec petite cuisine séparée(équipé, petit four,f
7635	Luminous two-bedroom apartment (50 m²) pefectly located between the Canal Saint-Martin, the villemin park, and the east railway station, in a typical parisian neighborhood.  Our flat is located near many metro ans bus lines, and close to the Canal Saint-Martin where parisians summon up to drink a glass of wine or eat outdoor, and go fashion shopping.   ***The apartment***  Situated at the 6th floor (beautiful skyline), the apartement is sunny and very quiet, because it is far from a noisy street. Thanks to the elevator, the sofa bed in the living room and the proximity of children games in the park (and close to the train line headed to Disneyland Paris), this flat is perfectly suitable for a couple with children.  The apartment build in the 1930's include parquet floor and is simply decorated. It is composed by : - a living room, containing a table, a desk, a sofa bed, and wireless internet ; - a bedroom with a double-bed ; - a kitchen, where you'll find everything you need to cook, c	Luminous two-bedroom apartment (50 m²) pefectly located between the Canal Saint-Martin, the villemin park, and the east railway station, in a typical parisian neighborhood.  Our flat is located near many metro ans bus lines, and close to the Canal Saint-Martin where parisians summon up to drink a glass of wine or eat outdoor, and go fashion shopping.   ***The apartment***  Situated at the 6th floor (beautiful skyline), the apartement is sunny and very quiet, because it is far from a noisy street. Thanks to the elevator, the sofa bed in the living room and the proximity of children games in the park (and close to the train line headed to Disneyland Paris), this flat is perfectly suitable for a couple with children.  The apartment build in the 1930's include parquet floor and is simply decorated. It is composed by : - a living room, containing a table, a desk, a sofa bed, and wireless internet ; - a bedroom with a double-bed ; - a kitchen, where you'll find everything you need to cook, c
7636		Get into a typical haussammian building and spend one night in this big and nicely decorated flat.
7637	This cosy duplex is the ideal cocoon for a couple on a Paris trip.   On the first floor you will find a fully equipped kitchen, a dark wood bar, a dining room and a small bathroom.  Go to the  second floor and snuggle up in the cosy attic (low-ceiling, max 1,8m); enjoy its skylight and try the bohemian life under the roofs in this room with a sleeping area, a library and a working desk. The bravest can even access the rooftop through the skylight and breathe in the unique 360° view of the city! There is a double bed on the top and a 2-person sofabed in the living room, but the flat is best tailored for groups of 2 people and couples.	Very quiet and without vis-à-vis, this flat is a charming refuge with wooden beams, a cosy attic area and a superb view on the roofs of Paris. Ideally located, 1 min from metro stations République and Temple, in a lively and historical area. This cosy duplex is the ideal cocoon for a couple on a Paris trip.   On the first floor you will find a fully equipped kitchen, a dark wood bar, a dining room and a small bathroom.  Go to the  second floor and snuggle up in the cosy attic (low-ceiling, max 1,8m); enjoy its skylight and try the bohemian life under the roofs in this room with a sleeping area, a library and a working desk. The bravest can even access the rooftop through the skylight and breathe in the unique 360° view of the city! There is a double bed on the top and a 2-person sofabed in the living room, but the flat is best tailored for groups of 2 people and couples. The flat is on the fourth floor (no lift!). When you arrive you will find a phone card, a city map, a French convers
7638	My flat has two rooms. There is one big kitchen, one big bedroom and, of course a bathroom with a washing machine you can use.  Voilà :)	Canal St.Martin is without any doubt my favorite neighbourhood in Paris. The beauty of this place, the many restaurants and bars make it the perfect spot for a chill week-end. My flat has two rooms. There is one big kitchen, one big bedroom and, of course a bathroom with a washing machine you can use.  Voilà :) Computer, wifi, all you need to cook, some clean sheet and towel, shampoo.  You can use my turntable if you are very cautious. I gonna be are (or my brother if I work/travel) to welcome you. Young. Cool. It is very easy to come to my place, there is several subway station nearby: - Jacques Bonsergent (the closest) - Republic - Gare de l'Est - Goncourt. 
7639		Studio de 25m2 tout neuf à 2 pas du canal Saint Martin.  Profitez de tout le confort au coeur du nouveau quartier qui bouge et passez de belles soirées d'été près de l'eau en plein Paris ! Spacieux et typiquement parisien ! :)
7640	Hello ! We are renting a spacious bedroom room in our fully furnished and very well located apartment. The apartment is located in between two of the most served city's train stations (RER & Metro) . We live near most of Paris' touristic attractions. Only 8 min walking distance from Canal St-Martin and 15 to Montmartre.  Sharing: a fully furnished bathroom (Bath and washing machine) and kitchen. This room is a perfect fit for a young and dynamic couple or a single traveler on a business trip and willing to live the typical parisian life ! Fresh Sheets, towels and a wireless connection are included. The building is also equiped with an elevator. Sofia & I are looking forward to meeting you Cheers ! 	We are renting a fully-furnished bedroom in a cozy, typical Parisian apartment. Located right in between two of the most deserved train/subway stations, you are only a few metro stations from all Paris ! Hello ! We are renting a spacious bedroom room in our fully furnished and very well located apartment. The apartment is located in between two of the most served city's train stations (RER & Metro) . We live near most of Paris' touristic attractions. Only 8 min walking distance from Canal St-Martin and 15 to Montmartre.  Sharing: a fully furnished bathroom (Bath and washing machine) and kitchen. This room is a perfect fit for a young and dynamic couple or a single traveler on a business trip and willing to live the typical parisian life ! Fresh Sheets, towels and a wireless connection are included. The building is also equiped with an elevator. Sofia & I are looking forward to meeting you Cheers ! The 10th district of Paris Is A den of hipsters . Artists' workshops, trendy clothes shop
7641	Cosy apartment in the heart of Belleville, in a very quite street.  Apartment of 35m² i share with my brother Thomas. You will be staying in his room. I have my bed in the living room. The apartment is on the 2nd floor without elevator.  Subway station (Belleville at 2 min). A lot of bars and restaurants really close. And all you need for a super stay! Especially a wonderful market on saturday morning at 100m to taste local french products. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier Belleville.  Il fait 35m² et je le partage avec mon frère Thomas. Vous serez accueillis dans sa chambre. Je vie dans le chalon = chambre+salon !  L'appartement est au 2ème étage sans ascenseur, très proche du métro Belleville (2 minutes à pieds). A proximité il y a énormément de bars et de restaurants et le plus : un petit marché le samedi matin à 100m avec plein de super produits !	Une grande chambre plein sud au cœur du quartier de Belleville dans l'appartement que je partage avec mon frère ! Cosy apartment in the heart of Belleville, in a very quite street.  Apartment of 35m² i share with my brother Thomas. You will be staying in his room. I have my bed in the living room. The apartment is on the 2nd floor without elevator.  Subway station (Belleville at 2 min). A lot of bars and restaurants really close. And all you need for a super stay! Especially a wonderful market on saturday morning at 100m to taste local french products. L'appartement se trouve dans une rue calme au cœur du quartier Belleville.  Il fait 35m² et je le partage avec mon frère Thomas. Vous serez accueillis dans sa chambre. Je vie dans le chalon = chambre+salon !  L'appartement est au 2ème étage sans ascenseur, très proche du métro Belleville (2 minutes à pieds). A proximité il y a énormément de bars et de restaurants et le plus : un petit marché le samedi matin à 100m avec plein de super pro
7642	True small nest in the middle of the famous quarter of l’hôtel du Nord and his renowned atmosphere. In a spirit of Loft, atypical surface of 40m2 entirely opened. Purified, bright and calm ambiance, the whole in a very connected up and convivial quarter where full of the Capital’s fashion bars and restaurant are.  Small village in the city, you will appreciate his trendy shops which extend those of « the Marais » which the neighbour it is. The central line of Subway Republic (email hidden) by walk and 6 stations of bikes service are unless 200 m of the building. The Apartment is entirely refurbished and decorated in a pure and cosy style. Recently equipped with TV-HD Cable, unlimited high speed internet access, HI-FI, Wi-Fi connection, DVD player, Washer, Dryer, Dishwasher, 50’ style Fridge & Freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, induction hob, extractor hood, microwave, oven.  Italian Shower and separated toilet.  Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and all Kitchen utens	True small nest in the middle of the famous quarter of l’hôtel du Nord and his renowned atmosphere. In a spirit of Loft, atypical surface of 40m2 entirely opened. Purified, bright and calm ambiance, the whole in a very connected up and convivial quarter where full of the Capital’s fashion bars and restaurant are.  Small village in the city, you will appreciate his trendy shops which extend those of « the Marais » which the neighbour it is. The central line of Subway Republic (email hidden) by walk and 6 stations of bikes service are unless 200 m of the building. The Apartment is entirely refurbished and decorated in a pure and cosy style. Recently equipped with TV-HD Cable, unlimited high speed internet access, HI-FI, Wi-Fi connection, DVD player, Washer, Dryer, Dishwasher, 50’ style Fridge & Freezer, Nespresso coffee machine, induction hob, extractor hood, microwave, oven.  Italian Shower and separated toilet.  Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and all Kitchen utens
7643	Quiet, spacious, fully equipped typically Parisian apartment with wooden floor and mouldings  Located on the 4th and last floor (stairs only) Three windows overlooking Canal Saint Martin and two overlooking a beautiful courtyard with bamboos and rooftops Windows and natural daylight in every room (including bathroom and kitchen)  	Charming, typically parisian loft in the bustly neighbourghood of Canal Saint Martin (10th arr, near République). Quiet, spacious, fully equipped with wooden floor and mouldings  Quiet, spacious, fully equipped typically Parisian apartment with wooden floor and mouldings  Located on the 4th and last floor (stairs only) Three windows overlooking Canal Saint Martin and two overlooking a beautiful courtyard with bamboos and rooftops Windows and natural daylight in every room (including bathroom and kitchen)  All the apartment is in free access. Owners won't be present but available in case of question / problem Located in the bustly and trendy neighbourhood, of Canal St Martin, ideal to stroll around : 2 beautiful parks close by, cafés / bistros, bookshops, restaurants, antique shops, boutiques, food stores (fruit and vegetables, butcher, boulangerie, cheese etc.), two large movie theatres 15 minutes away walking Very accessible by metro (Stations Republique, Gare de l'Est, Jacques Bonser
7644	"57 square meter apartment located just near the center of Paris. It´s just a few hundred meters from the famous district called ""Le Marais"". Within walking distance you also have restaurants, nightlife, parks and easy public transportation access. And you can easily walk to places like République and Oberkampf (5 minutes) and Châtelet (25 min). Still the location is very quiet in 5rd floor (with elevator). It´s a smart design apartment with a bathroom totally renovated this year. The double bed is located in a separate room, and you have a complete kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, oven and microwave. You have a TV and internet access.  You can rent a bike just downstairs the flat for exploring the city of Paris."	"The apt. is located near the Heart of Paris and the famous district called ""Le Marais"" 1-5 min to 4 different subway' lines but also buses and bikes to rent.  Walking distance to wherever you want to go.  57 square meter apartment located just near the center of Paris. It´s just a few hundred meters from the famous district called ""Le Marais"". Within walking distance you also have restaurants, nightlife, parks and easy public transportation access. And you can easily walk to places like République and Oberkampf (5 minutes) and Châtelet (25 min). Still the location is very quiet in 5rd floor (with elevator). It´s a smart design apartment with a bathroom totally renovated this year. The double bed is located in a separate room, and you have a complete kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, oven and microwave. You have a TV and internet access.  You can rent a bike just downstairs the flat for exploring the city of Paris. - Bedroom - Living room - Bathroom - Kitchen A city guide with best s"
7645		Appartement parisien au pied du métro dans quartier populaire entre Gare du Nord et barbes  Bien desservi par les lignes de métro 2 et 4 proche de Montmartre Idéal pour une famille avec deux enfants pour faire du tourisme N hésitez pas a me contacter au (phone number hidden)h sur 24h
7646	My appartment was recently renovated and is light and quietness. With a clever arrangement, a fully functional kitchen, a bath with modern shower, capable for 4 people hosting, you're going to have an easy and pleasant stay in Paris. The flat is in a quiet and safe neighborhood in the 10th arr of Paris, near to Canal Saint Martin, full of night life around, restaurants, market and everything you need. Only about 15-20  minutes walk from République (famous place). The flat is ideal for 2 persons but can easily accept 2 more. There is a small quality double bedroom and a sofa-bed in the living room. Smoking is not allowed in my flat, but there is a balcony for smokers. There is TV and central heating but no internet access. 	Cosy little flat, very near to the Canal Saint Martin and only 1 minute from Louis Blanc metro station. Fully equipped, it is a comfortable option for a visit in Paris. Lots of trendy restaurants around. My appartment was recently renovated and is light and quietness. With a clever arrangement, a fully functional kitchen, a bath with modern shower, capable for 4 people hosting, you're going to have an easy and pleasant stay in Paris. The flat is in a quiet and safe neighborhood in the 10th arr of Paris, near to Canal Saint Martin, full of night life around, restaurants, market and everything you need. Only about 15-20  minutes walk from République (famous place). The flat is ideal for 2 persons but can easily accept 2 more. There is a small quality double bedroom and a sofa-bed in the living room. Smoking is not allowed in my flat, but there is a balcony for smokers. There is TV and central heating but no internet access.  From CDG Airport you take RER B to Gare du Nord and change to M
7647		Studio ideally located near Gare du Nord rue du Faubourg Saint Martin at the foot of metro Louis Blanc. The studio is quiet at first floor, entrance door with code. The apartment is located near the Canal Saint-Martin.
7648	"60m2 (645 square ft) appartement with 2 Bedrooms with double bed and  a large living room with a balcony overlooking Paris! From the balcony you can enjoy an exclusive view of almost all major Parisian monuments including the Butte Montmartre with the Sacre coeur on top, The Sparkling Eiffel Tower, the Roof of the Opera the Paris and La Défense Business district far in the end! The flat is located in front the 18th century Hospital Saint Louis. The flat is on the 5th floor with elevator in a 1900 ""Faubourg style"" building. The kitchen is fully furnished with refrigerator, freezer, nespresso machine, boiler, stove, microwave, oven and a dishwasher. The 2 bedrooms are located in the other side of the building, with a view on the courtyard, so it's extremely quiet at night."	"2 Bedrooms apartment for up to 4 people, with a large living room and balcony with a view! Enjoy almost all major monuments of the capital from there. Located in the cool and animated district of the Canal with the best new bars and Restaurants. 60m2 (645 square ft) appartement with 2 Bedrooms with double bed and  a large living room with a balcony overlooking Paris! From the balcony you can enjoy an exclusive view of almost all major Parisian monuments including the Butte Montmartre with the Sacre coeur on top, The Sparkling Eiffel Tower, the Roof of the Opera the Paris and La Défense Business district far in the end! The flat is located in front the 18th century Hospital Saint Louis. The flat is on the 5th floor with elevator in a 1900 ""Faubourg style"" building. The kitchen is fully furnished with refrigerator, freezer, nespresso machine, boiler, stove, microwave, oven and a dishwasher. The 2 bedrooms are located in the other side of the building, with a view on the courtyard, so it'"
7649	Very cosy flat in the center of Paris, near to shops, restaurants, bars, subways stations, 20 min by bus 46 from Gare du Nord, the bus stop is almost downstairs of the building...  Canal Saint Martin Place de la Republique Belleville Le Marais Centre Pompidou I'm a very open minded person who thinks everybody has a good story to tell. Love to travel as well, and love my city. I enjoy to meet new people, go to have a beer or some red wine and talk about music, destinations, movies, literature, architecture, politics, philosophy... The calm by the day where you can walk and have a breakfast/brunch by looking to the Canal Saint Martin, going to international or local restaurants at lunch or dinner, for all the types of budget you can eat very well. You don't have to pay a lot to have a great meal or a good wine. I love the easy going style of the neighborhood. Metro Goncourt (line 11) in 15 minutes you will be on the center of Paris, Châtelet. Metro Colonel Fabien (line 2) in 25 min you w	Lovely and calm place where you can find peace to have some rest and a good night of sleep or the coolest bars and restaurants just in 3 minutes by walking. The Canal Saint Martin is a great spot to see another less touristic Paris. Very cosy flat in the center of Paris, near to shops, restaurants, bars, subways stations, 20 min by bus 46 from Gare du Nord, the bus stop is almost downstairs of the building...  Canal Saint Martin Place de la Republique Belleville Le Marais Centre Pompidou I'm a very open minded person who thinks everybody has a good story to tell. Love to travel as well, and love my city. I enjoy to meet new people, go to have a beer or some red wine and talk about music, destinations, movies, literature, architecture, politics, philosophy... The calm by the day where you can walk and have a breakfast/brunch by looking to the Canal Saint Martin, going to international or local restaurants at lunch or dinner, for all the types of budget you can eat very well. You don't h
7650	Élégant studio refait à neuf de 27 m2, spacieux et lumineux. Il a allie le charme de l ancien et la modernité. Parquet bois, tout équipé et toutes les commodités au pied de l immeuble.	En plein cœur des théâtres parisiens, ce très joli studio de 27 m2 refait à neuf vous accueillera très agréablement. Il est idéalement situé entre République, gare de l Est et les grands magasins du boulevard Haussmann. Nombreux restaurants et bars au pied de l immeuble. Élégant studio refait à neuf de 27 m2, spacieux et lumineux. Il a allie le charme de l ancien et la modernité. Parquet bois, tout équipé et toutes les commodités au pied de l immeuble. Quartier très vivant avec nombreux restaurants, bars, théâtres... Très bien desservi par les métros lignes 4, 8 et 9. La station de métro Strasbourg Saint-Denis est à moins de 200 mètres. A 300 mètres des métro Stasbourg Saint-Denis et Château d'Eau
7651	"2 min from Gare du Nord, 15 from Montmartre, Canal St-Matin, Opera Garnier and Grands Magasins, in a very Parisien Hausmanian building, on a large and newly renovated courtyard, former ""conciergerie"" converted by interior designer into sophisticated and cosy studio apartment (22 m²). Large bathroom with shower, kitchenette, cupboards, wifi. Ideal for visiting Paris. Excellent public transportation connections (bus 30 takes you to Triumph Arc and bus 31 takes you to Sacré coeur and Moulin Rouge). Very close to Marché St Quentin and its typical and fine food shops and close to nice ""terrasses de café""."	"2 min from Gare du Nord, 15 from Montmartre, Canal St-Matin, Opera Garnier and Grands Magasins, in a very Parisien Hausmanian building, on a large and newly renovated courtyard, former ""conciergerie"" converted by interior designer into sophisticated and cosy studio apartment (22 m²). Large bathroom with shower, kitchenette, cupboards, wifi. Ideal for visiting Paris. Excellent public transportation connections (bus 30 takes you to Triumph Arc and bus 31 takes you to Sacré coeur and Moulin Rouge). Very close to Marché St Quentin and its typical and fine food shops and close to nice ""terrasses de café""."
7652		Chambre chaleureuse, disponible à toutes personnes cherchant un logement pas trop onéreux pour le week-end.
7653	2 pièces, 35m2 situé a 50 mètres du canal St Martin et de gare de l'Est ( rue des vinaigriers ), chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bain, TV, internet, machine a laver, séchoir, hamac sur le toit,  rétro-projecteur. Centre de Paris a proximité de commerce, métro, bus. 35 square meters right in the center of paris, nearby the canal st martin ( coolest area ). easy access by metro, buses, and close to all shopping areas. this place is fully equipped. Washing machine, dryer, internet, over-head projector ( to watch movies straight from the bed ), private WC/shower, also a hammock has been set on the little rooftop we have ( first floor on the backyard ). Don't hesitate to contact me !    	"2 pièces, 35m2 situé a 50 mètres du canal St Martin et de gare de l'Est ( rue des vinaigriers ), chambre, salon, cuisine, salle de bain, TV, internet, machine a laver, séchoir, hamac sur le toit,  rétro-projecteur. Centre de Paris a proximité de commerce, métro, bus. 35 square meters right in the center of paris, nearby the canal st martin ( coolest area ). easy access by metro, buses, and close to all shopping areas. this place is fully equipped. Washing machine, dryer, internet, over-head projector ( to watch movies straight from the bed ), private WC/shower, also a hammock has been set on the little rooftop we have ( first floor on the backyard ). Don't hesitate to contact me !    Canal st martin. un des quartiers les plus en vogue de paris. A proximité de tout : commerces, restaurant, shopping... le ""williamsburg"" de paris metro ligne 3-5-7-8-9 Bus."
7654		Situé entre Goncourt et Belleville, mon appartement est spacieux, lumineux, bien aménagé et propre! Murs blancs et parquet dans le meilleur quartier de Paris !
7655	"Bright apartment with an area of 28 square meters. 9th district of Paris near Montmartre. Close to shops. The 2nd floor of a building overlooking quiet courtyard and street. Kitchen: Induction hobs, fridge, Many closets and Storage Salon: leather couch, coffee table, Corner Bar Bedroom: Futon Bathrooms: Shower Sink + WC.Laverie 25 meters. The apartment is close to Montmartre, La Cigale (concert hall), the Moulin Rouge, restaurants, bars and shops as day and night to make you spend a pleasant time with a drink or a meal in a Parisian setting pittoresque.Tous day, the atmosphere is assured. Paris is not just in the neighborhood and you will discover its various surprises and mysteries on foot or by metro. Lines the nearest metro line 2 (Anvers) or line 4 (Barbès Rochechouart). For the more adventurous, a device called Bicycle ""Velib"" is put in place and allows you to rent bikes for the day from 1.50 € / person. By providing my apartment, I hope that this visit will be unique, as you :)"	This apartment gets its charm to the  layout that makes it unique. Pleasant, it may take two people. Located close to the Sacre Coeur, one of the most famous places in Paris. Bright apartment with an area of 28 square meters. 9th district of Paris near Montmartre. Close to shops. The 2nd floor of a building overlooking quiet courtyard and street. Kitchen: Induction hobs, fridge, Many closets and Storage Salon: leather couch, coffee table, Corner Bar Bedroom: Futon Bathrooms: Shower Sink + WC.Laverie 25 meters. The apartment is close to Montmartre, La Cigale (concert hall), the Moulin Rouge, restaurants, bars and shops as day and night to make you spend a pleasant time with a drink or a meal in a Parisian setting pittoresque.Tous day, the atmosphere is assured. Paris is not just in the neighborhood and you will discover its various surprises and mysteries on foot or by metro. Lines the nearest metro line 2 (Anvers) or line 4 (Barbès Rochechouart). For the more adventurous, a device call
7656	The apartment is made of a large open space comprising the main living room, a kitchen-dining room, as well as separate restroom and bathroom (total 55 square meters). It can accommodate 2 kids upon request (cots available), who would need to sleep in the main room with you.	"46"" Samsung flat screen (Skype enabled), cable TV Fiber optic internet, WiFi Full kitchen, dishwasher Washing machine High ceiling (3.5 meters) Bath / shower Note: can accommodate 2 kids upon request (cots available) The apartment is made of a large open space comprising the main living room, a kitchen-dining room, as well as separate restroom and bathroom (total 55 square meters). It can accommodate 2 kids upon request (cots available), who would need to sleep in the main room with you. Guests will have access to the main area of our apartment, that means excluding our private bedroom, and our kids's bedroom. The sofa bed is in the living room Depending on calendar, we may be able to welcome you and guide you, otherwise the key will be with our neighbors. Regardless, we will always be reachable by phone/text during your stay! We are ideally located within walking distance from Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, and Canal Saint-Martin. Paris's ""Little India"" is just next to us! Lots of nice "
7657	Large, spacious one bedroom apartment, you'll enjoy the double unobstructed view over looking Paris, the design furniture, and the peace and quiet of this airy, full of light place. The neighborhood is one of the coolest in Paris right now : 3 min walk away to Canal Saint Martin, 10 min walk to Le Marais. Close to subways and stores. Ask me if you have any questions !	Airy, full of light 1BR Apt, in the heart of St Marthe Neighborhood, very close form subways (L11 Goncourt / L2 C Fabien), 2 min walk to the Canal, 5 to Republic, 10 to Le Marais. Perfect for a couple a small family! Large, spacious one bedroom apartment, you'll enjoy the double unobstructed view over looking Paris, the design furniture, and the peace and quiet of this airy, full of light place. The neighborhood is one of the coolest in Paris right now : 3 min walk away to Canal Saint Martin, 10 min walk to Le Marais. Close to subways and stores. Ask me if you have any questions ! The whole moderne confort of my place, and to my best advices on the neighborhood ans the city. I was born and raised in Paris, it's a city full of light and surprises and i will do my best to guide during your enjoyable stay! The neighborhood is one of paris coolest right now : many shops, restaurant and bars, the canal saint martin 2 minutes away for long summer and winter walks. Paris metro line 11 drops y
7658		Appartements pierre de taille au 5ème étage avec un ascenseur , un séjour avec cuisine, une chambre sur cours et une grande chambre sur rue avec balcon. Les entrées (check in) ne peut pas être fait après 22h, Merci de votre compréhension.
7659	Grand studio calme et lumineux récemment refait à neuf aux bords du canal saint Martin. Très bien équipe : lit double très confortable, canapé 2pl, cuisine complète, grande salle de douche avec lave-linge, Tv câblée, internet. Linge fourni. Cosy et moderne , il vous permet de profiter du plus agréable quartier de Paris avec ses bars et restaurants. Idéal pour un couple voulant découvrir la capitale.	Grand studio calme et lumineux récemment refait à neuf aux bords du canal saint Martin. Cosy et moderne , il vous permet de profiter du plus agréable quartier de Paris avec ses bars et restaurants. Idéal pour un couple voulant découvrir la capitale. Grand studio calme et lumineux récemment refait à neuf aux bords du canal saint Martin. Très bien équipe : lit double très confortable, canapé 2pl, cuisine complète, grande salle de douche avec lave-linge, Tv câblée, internet. Linge fourni. Cosy et moderne , il vous permet de profiter du plus agréable quartier de Paris avec ses bars et restaurants. Idéal pour un couple voulant découvrir la capitale.
7660	C'est un bel appartement de 47m2 avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, poutres métalliques d'un immeuble Eiffel des années 30 ; l'appartement donne sur une cour d'immeuble très clair et très calme. La cuisine est équipée (plaques cuisson, four, lave-vaisselle, frigo) et ouverte sur une grande pièce avec 3 fenêtres, la chambre est composée d'un grand lit et d'une TV. La salle de bain donne sur une autre cour, avec un lave-linge et une grande baignoire. Les WC sont séparés. 	Bel appartement central dans un immeuble style Eiffel à 1' du haut Marais (Arts et Métiers, Gaîté Lyrique) au pied du métro Strasbourg St Denis. Il se compose d'une grande pièce avec cuisine équipée, une chambre avec grand lit, grande salle de bain, C'est un bel appartement de 47m2 avec une belle hauteur sous plafond, poutres métalliques d'un immeuble Eiffel des années 30 ; l'appartement donne sur une cour d'immeuble très clair et très calme. La cuisine est équipée (plaques cuisson, four, lave-vaisselle, frigo) et ouverte sur une grande pièce avec 3 fenêtres, la chambre est composée d'un grand lit et d'une TV. La salle de bain donne sur une autre cour, avec un lave-linge et une grande baignoire. Les WC sont séparés. Sa situation au métro Strasbourg St Denis permet d'être à 5' à pied de République, 5' des Arts et Métiers et 15' du Centre G. Pompidou, nombreux commerces d'alimentation et animations avec le faubourg St Denis à 2', le Canal St Martin à 6', la gare de l'Est n'est qu'à 10' à
7661	A little flat very nice, next to subway Gare de l'est and Gare du Nord. For 2 persons, with a bathroom and an beautiful little kitchen. Perfect to visit Paris.	A little flat very nice, next to subway Gare de l'est and Gare du Nord. For 2 persons, with a bathroom and an beautiful little kitchen. Perfect to visit Paris. Free Internet access
7662	This is a charming ,light and peaceful 1bedroom,brand new renovated, located in a private street, closed by gates giving you an entire privacy. It's a 38 sq meter flat. You will have an amazing view of the Sacré Coeur in front of you. As it's a top floor you'll have the Famous Paris roofs under your eyes. You will even see the top of the Eiffel tower on your left. You are located between République and the 2 main train stations and RER: Gare du Nord and Gare de L'est so a direct access to the main airports. The major metro lines are down the flat :line 4 & 5 2 min walk and 3-7-9-11 7 min walk. The St Martin canal and his Romantic spirit is nearby and 15 min walk from Les halles or Le Marais. The main room comes with a wooden floor, a Leather couch and 5 cushions, an escamotable low table  , a big leather armchair. A decorative Fire place (not in use unfortunately cause it's stocked and there is no fire insurance for it ) .TV  . In this main room there is an open kitchen with all you ne	This is a charming ,light and peaceful 1bedroom,brand new renovated, located in a private street, closed by gates giving you an entire privacy. It's a 38 sq meter flat. You will have an amazing view of the Sacré Coeur in front of you. As it's a top floor you'll have the Famous Paris roofs under your eyes. You will even see the top of the Eiffel tower on your left. You are located between République and the 2 main train stations and RER: Gare du Nord and Gare de L'est so a direct access to the main airports. The major metro lines are down the flat :line 4 & 5 2 min walk and 3-7-9-11 7 min walk. The St Martin canal and his Romantic spirit is nearby and 15 min walk from Les halles or Le Marais. The main room comes with a wooden floor, a Leather couch and 5 cushions, an escamotable low table  , a big leather armchair. A decorative Fire place (not in use unfortunately cause it's stocked and there is no fire insurance for it ) .TV  . In this main room there is an open kitchen with all you ne
7663	Typically Parisian apartment in a trendy area, this flat is perfect for a couple or a single person. The building is on the main road, making it really easy to find, but the flat is very quiet because it is located at the back of the courtyard, and looks on 2 small streets, which are closed to traffic on Sundays.  The flat is very bright (5th floor, no lift), at the corner of the building, with a south and west orientation.  The living room has a vintage feel, with a leather couch and cinema seats, wooden floor and old fireplace. The kitchen is fitted with induction plates, fridge, oven and microwave, and washing machine. A lot of cookware is available to prepare you meals (wok, rice cooker,...).  The bedroom is very quiet, and has a comfortable double bed (140 cm), and a large wardrobe with mirrors.  The bathroom has a small bathtub, toilet and sink. A blow drier and professional hair straightener can be provided if necessary.  The flat has Wifi and cable TV. Bed linen and bath towels	 Bright and quiet 1 bedroom flat, with a vintage feel right in the heart of Paris! The best areas are within walking distance: monuments, shops, and the trendiest nightlife! Typically Parisian apartment in a trendy area, this flat is perfect for a couple or a single person. The building is on the main road, making it really easy to find, but the flat is very quiet because it is located at the back of the courtyard, and looks on 2 small streets, which are closed to traffic on Sundays.  The flat is very bright (5th floor, no lift), at the corner of the building, with a south and west orientation.  The living room has a vintage feel, with a leather couch and cinema seats, wooden floor and old fireplace. The kitchen is fitted with induction plates, fridge, oven and microwave, and washing machine. A lot of cookware is available to prepare you meals (wok, rice cooker,...).  The bedroom is very quiet, and has a comfortable double bed (140 cm), and a large wardrobe with mirrors.  The bathroom 
7664		Studette cozy orienté plein sud et vu sur rue et tour eiffel avec salle de bain et wc privatif, commerce et boulangerie au pied de l'immeuble et à 5 min de marche  la ligne 2 ( Colonel Fabien ) et la ligne 11 à 8min de marche ( goncourt )
7665	The place is bright, calm and confortable, with 30 square metres of surface : my lovely at is  perfect for a single or a couple !  The 10th arrondissment is by the way a really nice area, right in the heart of Paris.	The studio is located in the 10th arrondissment of PARIS, at the edge of Canal Saint Martin (close  to the Est Station).  An hipster and popular atmosphere is waiting for you ! The place is bright, calm and confortable, with 30 square metres of surface : my lovely at is  perfect for a single or a couple !  The 10th arrondissment is by the way a really nice area, right in the heart of Paris. There is a good boulangerie just next door, and many supermarkets around. It's a lively and attractive neighborhood, with many cafes (café-concert), restaurants (lovely outside terrace), and  wine-bars, but also fashion stores and atypical shops, at the edge of canal.  A pretty garden named Villemin is waiting for you to do a picnic, and Covered Market Saint-Quentin can supply you with fresh vegetables... The closest METRO STATIONS are Eastern Station (3min walk, lines 4, 5 or 7), North Station  (5min walk, lines 4, 5, RER B, D and E), République (7min walk, lines 3, 5, 8, 9 and 11) and  Strasbourg 
7666	The apartment is on the top floor of an old typical parisian building of 1900 (with no elevator), is really bright, quiet and can accommodate 4 people with its bed and convertible sofa. Caution: no elevator ;) LIVING ROOM : Nice cosy living room with a convertible sofa (can accommodate 2 people), linens and blanket provided, desk, coffee table, sound appliances, keyboard, wifi internet. KITCHEN:  Amenities include refrigerator, dish washer, microwave/oven, hotplates, toaster, water kettle, all the necessary dishes, many spices, and a table. BEDROOM : comfortable double bed. Bed linens provided, blankets, pillows. BATHROOM: WC, bath tub, hair drier, clean towels provided.  Washing machine in a personal storeroom on the same floor.	Charming two room flat,bright & cosy, 36m sq. /400ft sq ,in the heart of Paris, only 10 min to Montmartre & le Marais! Only 1 min to Belleville metro station, in a colorful, cosmopolitan, trendy area with all amenities. The apartment is on the top floor of an old typical parisian building of 1900 (with no elevator), is really bright, quiet and can accommodate 4 people with its bed and convertible sofa. Caution: no elevator ;) LIVING ROOM : Nice cosy living room with a convertible sofa (can accommodate 2 people), linens and blanket provided, desk, coffee table, sound appliances, keyboard, wifi internet. KITCHEN:  Amenities include refrigerator, dish washer, microwave/oven, hotplates, toaster, water kettle, all the necessary dishes, many spices, and a table. BEDROOM : comfortable double bed. Bed linens provided, blankets, pillows. BATHROOM: WC, bath tub, hair drier, clean towels provided.  Washing machine in a personal storeroom on the same floor. I provide my guests with instructions to
7667	Ce logement est entièrement rénové (fin des travaux mi-novembre 2013) et offre un confort maximum : cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques à induction, micro onde-grill, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain etc.), téléviseur grand écran HD, lecteur DVD et Blue-Ray, Wifi, draps et serviettes de bain fournis, canapé convertible 2 places, lit double dans chambre séparée. Salle d'eau avec douche à l'Italienne, radiateur sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux.  Équipement pour enfant en bas âge (lit parapluie et matelas à langer) Dressing avec lave linge-sèche linge. 	Ce logement est entièrement rénové (fin des travaux mi-novembre 2013) et offre un confort maximum : cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques à induction, micro onde-grill, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, grille-pain etc.), téléviseur grand écran HD, lecteur DVD et Blue-Ray, Wifi, draps et serviettes de bain fournis, canapé convertible 2 places, lit double dans chambre séparée. Salle d'eau avec douche à l'Italienne, radiateur sèche-serviettes, sèche-cheveux.  Équipement pour enfant en bas âge (lit parapluie et matelas à langer) Dressing avec lave linge-sèche linge. Nous vous accueillerons et pourrons vous conseiller pour vos visites dans Paris si vous le souhaitez  Le passage Brady est connu pour ses boutiques et restaurants Indiens.  Situé dans un quartier populaire et cosmopolite, vous aurez accès aussi à de nombreux commerces, restaurants, terrasses, théâtres.  Sa position centrale dans Paris vous permet de rejoindre rapidement tous les points de la Capitale. Les stations de mé
7668	L'appartement est au troisième étage (sans ascenseur). Il peut accueillir 4 personnes confortablement (un lit de 140 cm et un convertible de 120cm).	3-room flat of 55m2, on the 3rd floor of a building located next to the Gare de l'Est and canal Saint Martin. Can accommodate four people. Fitted kitchen. Well connected by public transport. Many shops and restaurants nearby.
7669	this apartment is fresh, well decorated and so close to many many cool parisian neighborhoods . the Canal saint martin is less then 10min away, rue des Marthyres, Montmartre and pigalle , grands boulevards and montorgeuil , opera.. all are between 5 and 15 min walk. the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machine,  and bath products welcome you.  disponible par email et telephone  gare de l'est gare du nord métro poissonnière et bus au pied de l'appartement the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machine, and bath products welcome you.  disponible par email et telephone  gare de l'est gare du nord métro poissonnière et bus au pied de l'appartement the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machine, water bottles and bath products welcome you.  disponible par email et telephone  gare de l'est gare du nord métro poissonnière et bus au pied de l'appartement	Au pied du métro Poissonnière, grand appartement typiquement Parisien de 84 m, double salon,  4 p3 chambres, pouvant accueillir couple, famille, ou amis, très lumineux, stylé, dans un quartier recherché rue du Paradis, Grand Boulevards, gare de l'est this apartment is fresh, well decorated and so close to many many cool parisian neighborhoods . the Canal saint martin is less then 10min away, rue des Marthyres, Montmartre and pigalle , grands boulevards and montorgeuil , opera.. all are between 5 and 15 min walk. the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machine,  and bath products welcome you.  disponible par email et telephone  gare de l'est gare du nord métro poissonnière et bus au pied de l'appartement the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machine, and bath products welcome you.  disponible par email et telephone  gare de l'est gare du nord métro poissonnière et bus au pied de l'appartement the metro is right at the staircase, line 7.  nespresso machi
7670		Salle de bain, cuisine, frigo, TV, fer à repasser  Mail, téléphone, FaceTime, Skype Proximité avec la Place de la République et la Gare du Nord. Quartier sympa avec de nombreux commerce et restaurant Métro: Goncourt (Ligne 11), Jacques Bonsergent (Ligne 5), République (Ligne 3, 5, 11, 8, 9)
7671	The location of this flat is really great, near the canal and the Marais at the same time!! The flat faces a quiet courtyard with greenery.	"This nice appartment is located close to the metro republique, in a trendy area called ""canal St Martin"" near the Marais (accross republique place). It's very central with 5 metro lines, many busses and taxis. There are many stores, cafés,restaurants The location of this flat is really great, near the canal and the Marais at the same time!! The flat faces a quiet courtyard with greenery. We like to speak english and I can advice you with the restaurants or nice places around the flat. near the canal St Martin, you'll find  Saint Louis hospital garden which is a peacefull place to have a rest. You can have pinics along the canal during the summer... You'll find taxis , busses  and metro lines to go everywhere in Paris easely."
7672	Newly renovated studio in the heart of the hippest area of Paris, the Canal St Martin neighbourhood. (4 rooms, 72m2). A cosy and comfortable home to come back to after exploring Paris. This area is abuzz with cool bars and restaurants. Top location! LOCATION  Spread around the famous Canal where the actress Audrey Tatou in Amelie, skipped stones from one of the picturesque bridges, the neighbourhood has become the Brooklyn of Paris with a brilliant night life and a relaxed weekend vibe.  One of the most sought-after quarters of Paris, Canal St Martin neighbourhood has recently become the place to live for creative professionals.  From June to September, it's very popular to while away lazy afternoons and early evenings along the water's edge for picnics and glasses of wine.  You won't find a better place in Paris to spend a weekend or a week. Very local with the young hip Paris crowd, you won't find tourist groups en masse here. PUBLIC TRANSPORT  Public transport is easy with a large n	Charming parisian family flat located in the heart of the booming Canal St Martin neighborhood. Perfect for 4 people (2 adults, 2 children)  with double living room + 2 bedrooms. It's the place where I live (not a show room) ;-) ! Newly renovated studio in the heart of the hippest area of Paris, the Canal St Martin neighbourhood. (4 rooms, 72m2). A cosy and comfortable home to come back to after exploring Paris. This area is abuzz with cool bars and restaurants. Top location! LOCATION  Spread around the famous Canal where the actress Audrey Tatou in Amelie, skipped stones from one of the picturesque bridges, the neighbourhood has become the Brooklyn of Paris with a brilliant night life and a relaxed weekend vibe.  One of the most sought-after quarters of Paris, Canal St Martin neighbourhood has recently become the place to live for creative professionals.  From June to September, it's very popular to while away lazy afternoons and early evenings along the water's edge for picnics and g
7673	Close to the City Hall of the 10 th district, trendy district of Paris, the flat is located on 5th floor of a typical Haussmann building. The area’s flat is 76 m²; it’s oriented to South (street) and North (internal courtyard). Living room:  - a 4/6 person convertible sofa (2 people), overhead projector linked to cable & DVD player, coffee/dining table, ironing board, Hifi stereo with CD player and mp3 plugg-in...Wireless Internet everywhere in the flat. - A two place bed (140*190cm, sheets included) - A wardrobe with empty spaces for your things - A double window on the yard for a peaceful night The kitchen: - washing machine, gas oven and hotplates, fridge & freezer, microwaves, mixer … The bathroom:  - Bathtub (including towels) and the WC, of course! Cleaning products are available in the restroom. If sun is shining you can have diner on the balcony where a table and two chairs are waiting for you!! BBQ available!	An ideally bedroom for a couple on the other side of our apartment. Enjoy the possibility to share a drink with us or please yourself being on your own...one way or another you're welcome :o) The instant booking option is on means the room's free :o) Close to the City Hall of the 10 th district, trendy district of Paris, the flat is located on 5th floor of a typical Haussmann building. The area’s flat is 76 m²; it’s oriented to South (street) and North (internal courtyard). Living room:  - a 4/6 person convertible sofa (2 people), overhead projector linked to cable & DVD player, coffee/dining table, ironing board, Hifi stereo with CD player and mp3 plugg-in...Wireless Internet everywhere in the flat. - A two place bed (140*190cm, sheets included) - A wardrobe with empty spaces for your things - A double window on the yard for a peaceful night The kitchen: - washing machine, gas oven and hotplates, fridge & freezer, microwaves, mixer … The bathroom:  - Bathtub (including towels) and the
7674		"Appartement 3 pièces de 65m2 situé à quelques mètres du Canal St Martin. Idéal pour une famille (équipement bébé). Très lumineux: 7 portes fenêtrés donnant sur un balcon filant avec vue sur Paris. Situé au 5ème étage d'un immeuble 1900. Couchages: lit 2p, lit 1p, lit bébé + canapé lit 2p. Quartier très agréable, très vivant mais pas bruyant, ambiance ""village"".  A voir : Le Canal St Martin, les fameux Hôtel du Nord et Bar l'Atmosphère, parc de la Villette, parc des Buttes Chaumont Proximité de beaucoup de lignes de métro: Ligne 2 station Colonel Fabien à 2 min  Ligne 11 station Goncourt à 5 min Ligne 7 station Château Landon à 5 min Lignes 3, 5, 8 et 9 station République à 10 min Bus 46 et 75 au pied de l'immeuble"
7675	The apartment is 52m2. There's one bedroom with a double bed. Ideal for single or couple. One of Paris' best bakeries is just around the corner as are great restaurants, bars, supermarkets.  The area is safe. 	"Nice one bedroom apartment located in the center of Paris, in the trendy area of canal Saint-Martin. The apartment is 52m2. There's one bedroom with a double bed. Ideal for single or couple. One of Paris' best bakeries is just around the corner as are great restaurants, bars, supermarkets.  The area is safe.  Free Wi-Fi Internet in the apartment. You can also use our computer if you (website hidden) and DVD reader. Kitchen is fully equiped with oven, gas stove, toaster, boiler, coffee machine and washing machine. The price includes bed linen and towels.  Canal Saint-Martin, seen in the movie ""Amélie Poulain"", is 15 minutes away by walking from the Centre Pompidou-Beaubourg , le Marais. It's perfect for a stay and visit Paris. The neighborhood along the canal you can find a broad selection of cosy restaurants, bars and french designer shops which make this area one of Parisians favorite meeting points. From the apartment you can easily reach le Marais, Bastille, Hotel de Ville, Pigalle,"
7676		Large private room (20 sq meters) in a very nice 120 sq meters parisian haussmann flat, located between Gare de l'Est/Gare du Nord and Stalingrad/Jaures! Many transports and common facilities in the area. Flat shared between 3 very cool persons.
7677	Perfect place for a couple to discover Paris : restaurants, market, baker shop and extra close transportation.	"Appartement 2 pièces de 30m2 au 1er étage dans immeuble de 1900 en pierre de Paris, situé à proximité de la Place de la République.  Vous êtes au cœur de Paris. Il y a tout confort à proximité : boulangeries, restaurants, marché, transport. Perfect place for a couple to discover Paris : restaurants, market, baker shop and extra close transportation. You rent it, you have it all ! I'll be able to help you everyday after 3pm, juste leave me a mail or call me. This is a very well known place of Paris, Republique is the real center of Paris, close to any places by transportation (Lafayette-Printemps 12min, Champs-Elyssées 20min, Madeleine-Concorde 10min, Opéra Garnier 8min, Marais 10min, Les Halles 10min). - less than 2 minutes walking : bus, metro ""Jacques Bonsergent"" line 5, autolib, velib ; - 5 to 7 minutes walking : bus, metro ""Republique"" lines 3 , 5, 8, 9, 11. The computer is free to use with fiber optic internet speed. You can print or scan, do whatever you (website hidden) is comin"
7678	Très bien situé dans Paris, appartement calme, clair et cosy!	Canal Saint-Martin et à proximité de l'hôtel du Nord, très bel appartement familial de 90 m2 dans un immeuble ancien:une chambre raffinée et confortable avec possibilité d'une chambre supplémentaire pour les familles avec enfant. Idéal a Paris! Très bien situé dans Paris, appartement calme, clair et cosy! Les voyageurs auront accès: -une chambre confortable avec un lit 2 places -1 chambre individuelle supplémentaire si nécessaire pour les familles avec enfant - à une salle de bain avec wc mise à leur disposition -la cuisine -le salon salle à manger -la tv -lit parapluie disponible Echanges autour du petit-déjeuner si les voyageurs le souhaitent! Le quartier est très agréable,beaucoup de petits restaurants et de boutiques à la mode,jolies promenades a faire le long du canal Saint Martin. Très bien situé pour rayonner dans Paris, à proximité des stations de métros et de bus. Bus 75 et stations de métros :gare de l'Est, République,Goncourt .
7679	beautiful Loft with transparent roof top letting the light enter.	beautiful Loft with transparent roof top letting the light enter. fully equiped kitchen washing machine and dryer I can be reached on my cellphone anytime to help you close to place de la République, Bastille and le Marais métro Ligne 5 Jacques Bonsergent, République ligne 3,5,8,9,11
7680	The flat is sunny and quiet, with modern yet typical and warm interior.  Cosy living room, with an open-plan kitchen, and a small balcony.  Two bedrooms : one with double bed, one with a pullout single bed easily convertible into a double bed.	Typical parisian flat, elegant, calm, and sunny with a view over the city roofs.  5th floor with elevator.  Ideally located (5 min walk to Le Marais & canal St Martin).  Two bedrooms. Fully equipped.
7681	Bright and quiet apartment Sought after area and run. At one minute of the canal Saint Martin ! So, you can walk near the water to a restaurant, a bar, in the huge park La Villette with la Cité de la musique, la Cité des Sciences, Circus, Exhibitions, Concerts maybe go to the cinema near the water, have a pique-nique aux Buttes Chaumont or see a play aux Bouffes du Nord, Peter Brook's theater... There are also all the different shop for food, a post office, banks, doctors. Everything you need in this lively area. But if you want to go out the area : my place is ideally located for visiting Paris. Close to all transportation: underground, bikes rental, bus, subway or train stations M 7, 2, 5, 4 - Gare de l'Est et du Nord, RER E et B, Bus (phone number hidden)...) Between Montmartre et le Marais, a perfect neighborhood ! 	Bright and quiet apartment Sought after area and run. At one minute of the canal Saint Martin ! So, you can walk near the water to a restaurant, a bar, in the huge park La Villette with la Cité de la musique, la Cité des Sciences, Circus, Exhibitions, Concerts maybe go to the cinema near the water, have a pique-nique aux Buttes Chaumont or see a play aux Bouffes du Nord, Peter Brook's theater... There are also all the different shop for food, a post office, banks, doctors. Everything you need in this lively area. But if you want to go out the area : my place is ideally located for visiting Paris. Close to all transportation: underground, bikes rental, bus, subway or train stations M 7, 2, 5, 4 - Gare de l'Est et du Nord, RER E et B, Bus (phone number hidden)...) Between Montmartre et le Marais, a perfect neighborhood ! 
7682	Like in all the old parisian buildings, the  living room looks onto the street - making it very sunny - and the  bedroom onto the very calm courtyard ; period parquet floor in all the flat (please, take care of it !). Little but functional kitchen and shower room (with toilet). My 2 room-apartment is located at the 3rd floor (no elevator, but very easygoing usptairs).	Pleasant flat in an old Paris building ! Located in a calm street, it is close to all you would like to see and do ! In a short subway trip, you'll be at the very hart of Paris. Like in all the old parisian buildings, the  living room looks onto the street - making it very sunny - and the  bedroom onto the very calm courtyard ; period parquet floor in all the flat (please, take care of it !). Little but functional kitchen and shower room (with toilet). My 2 room-apartment is located at the 3rd floor (no elevator, but very easygoing usptairs). The all apartment will be yours as long as you intend to and even more - except if other guests are expected ! I will  welcome you with great pleasure, but as I rent out the all apartment, we probably wouldn't see each other very much... But I 'll take care of you however ! Very varied neighborhood - depends on the direction you choose ! Walking to the East, you'll be in one of the chinese district in Paris, and close to the Buttes-Chaumont Park (
7683	Before moving in here I spent the past 5 years living abroad. Between Japan and scandinavian countries. I brought a bit of these countries back with me to make this place. Both a place that we love discovering every time we push the door and a place that makes us want to go back  and see the world. I spend a lot of time painting and drawing so I wanted to make of this place my simple and cosy  retreat. A very quiet apartment were life is sweet. That makes us want to have a couple friends over for drinks, read a good book or spend hours drawing not seeing the time fly by. But it'll be difficult not to rush out to  see this lovely area the apartment is in and its lovely restaurants, local cafes and bars. Or to stroll down the canal and meet the many locals that love to do the same! 	My apartment is like the canal Saint Martin. Enchanting and cosy. I hope! Hop in my shoes and live a parisian artist's life  in this unique place under the roofs.    Before moving in here I spent the past 5 years living abroad. Between Japan and scandinavian countries. I brought a bit of these countries back with me to make this place. Both a place that we love discovering every time we push the door and a place that makes us want to go back  and see the world. I spend a lot of time painting and drawing so I wanted to make of this place my simple and cosy  retreat. A very quiet apartment were life is sweet. That makes us want to have a couple friends over for drinks, read a good book or spend hours drawing not seeing the time fly by. But it'll be difficult not to rush out to  see this lovely area the apartment is in and its lovely restaurants, local cafes and bars. Or to stroll down the canal and meet the many locals that love to do the same! Step into my shoes and enjoy the place as i
7684	This is a recently renovated 2 bedrooms. You enjoy a large balcony typical from Haussmann buildings. With its southern exposure, the apartment offers exceptional brightness in a quiet street. This place is designed to accommodate up to 4 people (ideally 2 adults and 2 children). The large bedroom has a double bed. The bathroom has a shower. The living room / kitchen has a sofa bed (ikea model Solsta) for sleeping 2 people (rather children / teenagers) bar, TV, internet. The kitchen offers you the following amenities: refrigerator, stove, coffee maker, Italian coffee maker and washing machine. Bed linen and towels are provided.	Paris center, close to the Canal Saint Martin and 5 minutes from Montmartre. The apartment is designed to accommodate up to 4 people (ideally 2 adults and 2 children). Particularly bright, this place offers a magnificent south facing balcony. This is a recently renovated 2 bedrooms. You enjoy a large balcony typical from Haussmann buildings. With its southern exposure, the apartment offers exceptional brightness in a quiet street. This place is designed to accommodate up to 4 people (ideally 2 adults and 2 children). The large bedroom has a double bed. The bathroom has a shower. The living room / kitchen has a sofa bed (ikea model Solsta) for sleeping 2 people (rather children / teenagers) bar, TV, internet. The kitchen offers you the following amenities: refrigerator, stove, coffee maker, Italian coffee maker and washing machine. Bed linen and towels are provided. This is a recently renovated 2 rooms apartment. You enjoy a large balcony in our typical Haussmann building. With its sout
7685	A recently renovated apartment, full of light. View on a public garden and  the “Canal St-Martin” Large living room with modern, open and fully equipped kitchen. For the night, one bedroom with a double bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. Bathroom with bathtub and separated toilet. Possibility to use a washing machine. Wi-Fi in all the apartment.	"Modern spacious flat, bright, with the view of the ""Canal St-Martin"". One private bedroom with a double bed and one safa bed in the living room. Ideal for a couple or a family. A recently renovated apartment, full of light. View on a public garden and  the “Canal St-Martin” Large living room with modern, open and fully equipped kitchen. For the night, one bedroom with a double bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. Bathroom with bathtub and separated toilet. Possibility to use a washing machine. Wi-Fi in all the apartment. Close to (5min.)  Gare de L’Est (Metro lines 4/5/7) and to ((website hidden) walk) Gare du Nord ( RER B/D/E, Eurostar, Transit to Airport CDG …) Many Vélib’ stations close to the place."
7686	With 20m2 and 2 windows, the studio is quite pleasant despite its size. Although the neighborhood is alive both windows overlook a quiet courtyard, so no worries for the night. The bed is a Ikea sofabed, a bit tough to bend but very confortable.	Nice studio (20m2) next to the trendy Canal Saint-Martin. Quiet and bright, the studio is in the heart of Paris in a lively neighborhood, surrounded by lovely restaurants, coffeeshops and cafes. With 20m2 and 2 windows, the studio is quite pleasant despite its size. Although the neighborhood is alive both windows overlook a quiet courtyard, so no worries for the night. The bed is a Ikea sofabed, a bit tough to bend but very confortable. If you arrive by the time I leave the apartment we might meet, in this case I can advise you of many small places in the neighborhood and elsewhere. If we do not cross and you are still interested I leave you a short list of must see / must do. Next to the Canal Saint-Martin, the studio is located in a very nice are, with several small restaurants, coffeshop or cafés. Do not hesitate to ask if you need godd tips, I'd be happy to give you a small list of places to go. The nearest metro is 5 minutes walk and Vélib station not even to 30 seconds. I won't h
7687	The flat is situated in the very center of Paris: from there you can walk in 10 minutes to: canal st Martin, Marais,Opera and Republique square. My apartment stands on a crossing street of Grands Boulevards and it s at the second and last floor of a small building inside the courtyard: this means you will be able to spend your time there in an absolute quite, despite the very buzzing neighborhood. It's a big place for Parisian standards and it s perfect for a 2 guests stay. You will take advantage of a real 3 rooms flat, with big bedroom, bathroom and living room.(a third person can sleep on a sofa bed) The parallele street is Rue St Denis: known as one of the coolest spots in Paris full filled with food markets and cafes during the day and hype bars and restaurants for the night. If you feel like spending a day outside of Paris the 2 big train stations: Gare de Nord and Gare de l'Est are at 15 minutes walk or at 2 metro stations stops distance. I will personally drop the keys once you	The flat is situated in the very center of Paris: from there you can walk in 10 minutes to: canal st Martin, Marais,Opera and Republique square. My apartment stands on a crossing street of Grands Boulevards and it s at the second and last floor of a small building inside the courtyard: this means you will be able to spend your time there in an absolute quite, despite the very buzzing neighborhood. It's a big place for Parisian standards and it s perfect for a 2 guests stay. You will take advantage of a real 3 rooms flat, with big bedroom, bathroom and living room.(a third person can sleep on a sofa bed) The parallele street is Rue St Denis: known as one of the coolest spots in Paris full filled with food markets and cafes during the day and hype bars and restaurants for the night. If you feel like spending a day outside of Paris the 2 big train stations: Gare de Nord and Gare de l'Est are at 15 minutes walk or at 2 metro stations stops distance. I will personally drop the keys once you
7688	Cute little flat in old parisian building. If you are looking for comfort, cosiness and practicality, my flat is a good choice. If you are looking for Parisian views, this is not for you. Unfortunately my neighbours aren't always very respectful in keeping the building clean, and the entrance to the main building can be a bit off-putting. Quiet and peaceful, since it is in the inner courtyard, and easily accessible (first door up flight of stairs) It is a small flat but it was built thinking it was big. So you have all the Parisian charm (fireplaces, moldings,etc) condensed in 25m. You have a living room, separate double room, kitchen and a tiny functional bathroom. Ideal for a couple. Fully equipped with all you need for a comfortable stay in Paris (see lists at the end of description) The building has been half refurbished and the end of the refurbishing is in stand by at the moment.  The flat is located just a 5 minute walk from Canal St.Martin, plenty of trendy restaurants just aro	Cosy little flat, very near to the Canal Saint Martin and only about 7 minutes walk from République (transport hub). Fully equipped, it is a comfortable option for a 1 or 2 guests (sharing a bed) visiting Paris. Lots of trendy restaurants right around the corner. Cute little flat in old parisian building. If you are looking for comfort, cosiness and practicality, my flat is a good choice. If you are looking for Parisian views, this is not for you. Unfortunately my neighbours aren't always very respectful in keeping the building clean, and the entrance to the main building can be a bit off-putting. Quiet and peaceful, since it is in the inner courtyard, and easily accessible (first door up flight of stairs) It is a small flat but it was built thinking it was big. So you have all the Parisian charm (fireplaces, moldings,etc) condensed in 25m. You have a living room, separate double room, kitchen and a tiny functional bathroom. Ideal for a couple. Fully equipped with all you need for a co
7689	This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building with lift and door code. The windows of the bedroom and the dining-room give on a courtyard on the back side of the building. The windows of the living-room give on the Square de Verdun, planted with trees.	Lovely 50sqm apartment with three rooms to rent for four people in Paris - Canal St Martin / Gare de l'Est. Very quiet, bright with an open outlook, you will love this charming pied-a-terre ! This apartment is located on the 2nd floor of a building with lift and door code. The windows of the bedroom and the dining-room give on a courtyard on the back side of the building. The windows of the living-room give on the Square de Verdun, planted with trees. This absolutely charming 50 sqm apartment has three rooms and can sleep up to four guests. The entrance gives on a hallway. It first lead to the bathroom that features a walk-in shower and the toilets. Then you will reach the bedroom. It is small but still comfortable, with a double bed 140x200. You will be able to sleep in the dark thanks to the block out curtains. The hallway features storage space and wardrobes for your clothes and luggage. Then you will reach the dining-room with an open fitted kitchen. The dining table can accommodat
7690	At the beginning of the court of small teams with good restaurants, a few steps from the Grands Boulevards you will be ideally located to discover Paris. Close to metro lines 8,9 and 4 you can go in all directions to survey the City light. This charming apartment loft facing south seduce you for (website hidden) in 1850, with ceiling heights of up to 4 meters! Equipped with a walk-in shower and separate toilet, you will surely appreciate the room equipped with a high quality bedding and a pair of Bose to connect your Iphone. 2 wardrobes allow you to store your clothes. Really nice for sure	At the beginning of the court of small teams with good restaurants, a few steps from the Grands Boulevards you will be ideally located to discover Paris. Close to metro lines 8,9 and 4 you can go in all directions to survey the City light. This charming apartment loft facing south seduce you for (website hidden) in 1850, with ceiling heights of up to 4 meters! Equipped with a walk-in shower and separate toilet, you will surely appreciate the room equipped with a high quality bedding and a pair of Bose to connect your Iphone. 2 wardrobes allow you to store your clothes. Really nice for sure
7691	Bedroom in an appartament. 	Nice and confortable bedroom in Paris (19eme). Near canal Saint-Martin, 15 minutes walk to Montmartre, near Cité de la Musique, many buses and metro lines. Very pleasent area, and a typical parisian appartement.  Bedroom in an appartament. 
7692	Great 45m² apartment, ideal for a Parisian stay in the most trendy district.  The indoor furniture is totally chosen by an interior designer, with an industrial style (wood and metal). The place is very nice: Rue de Marseille near Le Canal St Martin (30 meters).	"Great 45m² apartment, ideal for a Parisian stay in the most trendy district.  The indoor furniture is totally chosen by an interior designer, with an industrial style. The place is very nice: Rue de Marseille near Le Canal St Martin (20 meters). Great 45m² apartment, ideal for a Parisian stay in the most trendy district.  The indoor furniture is totally chosen by an interior designer, with an industrial style (wood and metal). The place is very nice: Rue de Marseille near Le Canal St Martin (30 meters). Charming 1 bedroom apt in one of Paris most sought for locations. Located rue de Marseille, near Le Canal St Martin, only 3 minutes from Republique. 1st floor , just perfect for 2 people.  Very quiet, it includes a living room/dining room, fully equiped open kitchen (réfrigérator, freezer, oven, micro wave oven, expresso coffee maker, coffee pot, etc...), bedroom with ""Queen size"" bed and large closet, bath room with shower and cabinet. The dining room area confortably suits 4 people.  "
7693		The studio is 11m², very well arranged and fully renovated Ultra cozy and luminous in the center of Paris (10th arrondissement) Metro station at the bottom of the building, close to all amenities (shops, bars, restaurants) 10 min walk  to East Station and North Station, 2 min to place de la republique and 5 minutes from the canal saint martin, 10 minutes from Bastille. It is at the 6th floor with a nice view over Boulevard de Magenta and the rooftops of Paris. Metro Station: Jacques Bonsergent (line5) Republic (line 8, 5, 9, 3, 11) Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 8, 4, 9)
7694	"A very sunny, charming and quiet 2-bedroom loft apartment in a 19th century building with a front yard protected by a security code, next to the Canal Saint-Martin, a lively and safe neighborhood close to the center of Paris, filled with cafe terraces, grocery stores and shops. Ideal for 1 or 2 couples (and/or children), 4 to 6 people. Since it faces a quiet backyard with gardens and is not overlooked, the apartment is very sunny and quiet – you can hear the birds sing! Metro : ""Château Landon"" or ""Gare de l'Est""."	"A sunny and quiet 2-bedroom loft apartment next to the Canal Saint-Martin, a lively and safe neighborhood close to the center of Paris, filled with cafe terraces, grocery stores and shops. Ideal for 1 or 2 couples (and/or children), 4 to 6 people. A very sunny, charming and quiet 2-bedroom loft apartment in a 19th century building with a front yard protected by a security code, next to the Canal Saint-Martin, a lively and safe neighborhood close to the center of Paris, filled with cafe terraces, grocery stores and shops. Ideal for 1 or 2 couples (and/or children), 4 to 6 people. Since it faces a quiet backyard with gardens and is not overlooked, the apartment is very sunny and quiet – you can hear the birds sing! Metro : ""Château Landon"" or ""Gare de l'Est"". Wide living room with a mezzanine floor, separate bedroom with king-size bed, fully equipped american kitchen and bathroom with WC Washing machine Dishwasher DVD player TV Wifi Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels a"
7695		Très jolie appartement de 32m2, avec grande piéce à vivre ( lit séparé par un rideau + grand canapé lit confortable) , Télévision, Bibliothèque. Cuisine séparée très fonctionelle parfaite pour ceux qui aime cuisiner. Salle de bains avec toilette.
7696	Just feel at home in this charming studio, situated in a very calm and typical Parisian building (19th Century). Situated under the roof, with two small balconies which allow our guests to take advantage of the view and plants, this small apartment (20 m2) will be suitable to a couple who wants to spend a nice time visiting Paris. The sofa gets into a double bed after for a good rest; our ancient paintings and books dealing with Paris history or hidden treasures to be discovered will help our guests to feel confortable.	Just feel at home in this charming studio, situated in a very calm and typical Parisian building (19th Century). Situated under the roof, with two small balconies which allow our guests to take advantage of the view and plants, this small apartment (20 m2) will be suitable to a couple who wants to spend a nice time visiting Paris. The sofa gets into a double bed after for a good rest; our ancient paintings and books dealing with Paris history or hidden treasures to be discovered will help our guests to feel confortable. This lovely place is furnished with an equiped place to cook (a microwave, a small fridge, an induction cooker) and the dishes needed to prepare common meals. A bathroom (toilet, basin, a large shower with sliding glass doors) completes this accomodation. As we live in the same building, we're able to help our guests when they need for any kind of matters... It also means that we don't charge them for a late check-in at night ! The canal Saint-Martin is situated at the 
7697	Entre Colonel Fabien (ligne 2 ) et Belleville, à deux pas de l’hôpital Saint-Louis, ainsi que du Canal Saint Martin et des buttes Chaumont Ce bel appartement est idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Situé au 6ème étage ( avec ascenseur  ) Il est composé de 3 pièces, 2 chambres séparées par la cuisine et le salon. Et une salle de bain avec wc et une demi - baignoire  :D La Chambre : Belle chambre de 8m ² avec fenêtre sur cour, claire,  très calme et fraîche idéale pour l' été. Canapé lit 2 places, meuble de rangements, fourni avec draps et serviettes. Équipements dans l'appartement : four, micro-ondes,cuisinière à Gaz, vaisselle, bouilloire, presse-agrumes, grille-pain frigo et machine à laver, Tv , Tél , wifi etc ... A moins de 5 min vous trouvez des stations de métro, bus ou encore vélib !  Je suis entièrement disponible pour vous guider ou informer si besoin (en dehors de mes heures de travail ) Je serais ravie de vous accueillir et de partager avec vous le privilège d'avoir une vu imprenab	Between Colonel Fabien (Metro: line 2) and Belleville, close to the Saint-Louis Hospital, the Canal Saint Martin and buttes Chaumont. This beautiful apartment is ideal for a stay in Paris. Entre Colonel Fabien (ligne 2 ) et Belleville, à deux pas de l’hôpital Saint-Louis, ainsi que du Canal Saint Martin et des buttes Chaumont Ce bel appartement est idéal pour un séjour à Paris. Situé au 6ème étage ( avec ascenseur  ) Il est composé de 3 pièces, 2 chambres séparées par la cuisine et le salon. Et une salle de bain avec wc et une demi - baignoire  :D La Chambre : Belle chambre de 8m ² avec fenêtre sur cour, claire,  très calme et fraîche idéale pour l' été. Canapé lit 2 places, meuble de rangements, fourni avec draps et serviettes. Équipements dans l'appartement : four, micro-ondes,cuisinière à Gaz, vaisselle, bouilloire, presse-agrumes, grille-pain frigo et machine à laver, Tv , Tél , wifi etc ... A moins de 5 min vous trouvez des stations de métro, bus ou encore vélib !  Je suis entière
7698	65m2 apartment, directed south so very sunny.  3rd floor, tiny elevator.  Apartment description: 1st Bedroom: comfortable double bed (160cm); 2nd bedroom: large kids-room, can comfortably host 3 babies (in 3 baby beds) or 2 kids/adults (on mattresses). Living room: big sofa, can be used as bed for 1 person. large TV + cable channels, Hifi.  Kitchen: open to the living room, fully equipped (oven, microwave, gas & electricity stoves, big refrigerator with freezer, washing machine, laundry and drier machine). Table set for 4, can be extended up to 6/8. Bathroom: toilet is in a separated cabin inside the bathroom. Italian shower (no bath).  Central heating (gas).	Perfectly located, spacious 2 bedrooms family-friendly apartment in the heart of the lively and centered 10th area. Very equipped, bright and cozy, our apartment is a perfect point of departure to discover the magic of Paris.    65m2 apartment, directed south so very sunny.  3rd floor, tiny elevator.  Apartment description: 1st Bedroom: comfortable double bed (160cm); 2nd bedroom: large kids-room, can comfortably host 3 babies (in 3 baby beds) or 2 kids/adults (on mattresses). Living room: big sofa, can be used as bed for 1 person. large TV + cable channels, Hifi.  Kitchen: open to the living room, fully equipped (oven, microwave, gas & electricity stoves, big refrigerator with freezer, washing machine, laundry and drier machine). Table set for 4, can be extended up to 6/8. Bathroom: toilet is in a separated cabin inside the bathroom. Italian shower (no bath).  Central heating (gas). This is our home, therefore if you are our guest it means that we are guests somewhere else, so unfortu
7699	Appartement moderne et très propre (refait à neuf) dans un super quartier de Paris.	One small bedroom in a very nice flat which has been fully renovated a year ago. Located in a charming area of Paris with many nice places to go out around. Excellent bus and metro links. View on the street from the window I will be very pleased to provide advice to my guests and share experiences about Paris. On weekdays, I usually come back from work around 6.30pm and can welcome you ! Close to a nice canal where you can enjoy walking. Nice area with many theatres, restaurants and places to go out. Excellent location with many metro and buses links (metro lines 2 and 11 at 5 minutes walk and lines 5, 8 and 9 at 10 minutes walk) Clean towell and sheets are provided. Guests have to bring their own shower gel, shampoon, toothpaste ..
7700	The apartment has been renovated in a functional and comfortable way. Quality materials were privileged: the warmth of wooden floors, traditional ceramic tiles and black granite kitchen worktops, three-marbles tiles bathroom, mosaic shower, wrought iron and wooden bed. Everything has been designed to give a strong identity to this apartment.  the kitchen is equipped with modern amenities (oven, cooker hood, washing machine).  the living room has a cable-TV, iPod station, a full sound system and internet.  Overlooking two courtyards, this apartment offers a quiet oasis in the heart of the busy city of Paris. 	wooden floors, exposed beams and clerestory wall make the charm of this cozy apartment that offers peace and quiet to those who stop there. Close to 5 subway lines, while Paris is accessible from this lovely hipster district. The apartment has been renovated in a functional and comfortable way. Quality materials were privileged: the warmth of wooden floors, traditional ceramic tiles and black granite kitchen worktops, three-marbles tiles bathroom, mosaic shower, wrought iron and wooden bed. Everything has been designed to give a strong identity to this apartment.  the kitchen is equipped with modern amenities (oven, cooker hood, washing machine).  the living room has a cable-TV, iPod station, a full sound system and internet.  Overlooking two courtyards, this apartment offers a quiet oasis in the heart of the busy city of Paris. métro station: Gare de l'Est (lines 4, 5 et 7) or Château d'Eau (line 4) close to 2 big train station in Paris: Gare de l'Est et de Gare du Nord I give the key
7701	One main convivial room with comfortable sofa (non convertible) and equipated open kitchen. Quality bedding.  One first bedroom of 25 m2 with comfortable double bed 140x200 + single sofa convertible (perfect for one child) + desk.  Another bedroom of 16 m2 with double bed 160x200 and independant bathroom with toilets.  Second separated toilets.  Second big bathroom with bathtub. Small landry room. Equipated kitchen with everything you need to cook good meals.  Bed for baby. 	Two bedroom apartment of 1080 sq feet (100 m2)  in a cosmopolitan and animated neighbourhood of Paris. 4th floor with elevator of a typical parisian building from 1840. The apartment is on a quiet courtyard.  Towels and linens included.       One main convivial room with comfortable sofa (non convertible) and equipated open kitchen. Quality bedding.  One first bedroom of 25 m2 with comfortable double bed 140x200 + single sofa convertible (perfect for one child) + desk.  Another bedroom of 16 m2 with double bed 160x200 and independant bathroom with toilets.  Second separated toilets.  Second big bathroom with bathtub. Small landry room. Equipated kitchen with everything you need to cook good meals.  Bed for baby.   . Feel free to ask me any questions, I will be happy to assist you. Very central and cosmopolitan area. Many restaurants and food shops. On foot: Les grands boulevards (boulevard bonne nouvelle) - 2 min / Montorgueil - 8 min / Canal Saint Martin - 10 min / Beaubourg - 15 min 
7702	One bedroom apartment centrally located in the area of Bonne Nouvelle in the 10th arrondissement in Paris. This 50 sq mt one bedroom apartment was fully renovated in 2011 in a contemporary style. It is a 2nd floor with a lift facing a large and calm courtyard.  There is a sitting room with a sofa bed for one person and a dining table. The kitchen is opened onto the sitting room and it is fully equipped with electric hobs, multi-function oven, fridge with freezer, microwave with grill and defrost, electric coffee machine, electric toaster and a boiler. There is cutlery for up to 6 persons. There is a central HI-FI system with CD player and I-pod/phone. The bedroom has a double bed sommier very comfortable. There is a flat screen LCD TV with cable connection. A big wardrobe with hangers and shelves for 2 persons. The shower room is in suite with the bedroom and has a sink, a toilet and a washing machine. There is a separated toilet next to the sitting room. The whole apartement has a wi-	One bedroom apartment centrally located in the area of Bonne Nouvelle in the 10th arrondissement in Paris. This 50 sq mt one bedroom apartment was fully renovated in 2011 in a contemporary style. It is a 2nd floor with a lift facing a large and calm courtyard.  There is a sitting room with a sofa bed for one person and a dining table. The kitchen is opened onto the sitting room and it is fully equipped with electric hobs, multi-function oven, fridge with freezer, microwave with grill and defrost, electric coffee machine, electric toaster and a boiler. There is cutlery for up to 6 persons. There is a central HI-FI system with CD player and I-pod/phone. The bedroom has a double bed sommier very comfortable. There is a flat screen LCD TV with cable connection. A big wardrobe with hangers and shelves for 2 persons. The shower room is in suite with the bedroom and has a sink, a toilet and a washing machine. There is a separated toilet next to the sitting room. The whole apartement has a wi-
7703		Sunny and recently renovated 38m² apartment located in the center of Paris. The apartment comfortably fits two people and has all the things you will need.
7704		I love my appartement. Located literally 10sec from the nearest metro station. It is 10mn walk from Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Very sunny, bright, spacious. A room with a double bed, a living room with a sofa bed. Separate kitchen. I love it.
7705	Rent in Paris 10th, small room under the roofs, remade, luminous and calm, 35 euros/night or 210 euros/week the room is located on the 4th floor of a building of the 19th century.  The room is equipped with a corner cooks with a hotplate, a small fournace, a mini refrigerator. The district is very pleasant close to the Station of the North and Station of the East, much of subway too.  The district is rather young and multicultural. It is very pleasant to go by foot, much of restaurants, of coffee bars, and much of cinema, theatre, concert hall…	Rent in Paris 10th, small room under the roofs, remade, luminous and calm, 35 euros/night or 210 euros/week Rent in Paris 10th, small room under the roofs, remade, luminous and calm, 35 euros/night or 210 euros/week the room is located on the 4th floor of a building of the 19th century.  The room is equipped with a corner cooks with a hotplate, a small fournace, a mini refrigerator. The district is very pleasant close to the Station of the North and Station of the East, much of subway too.  The district is rather young and multicultural. It is very pleasant to go by foot, much of restaurants, of coffee bars, and much of cinema, theatre, concert hall…
7706	Totally equipped kitchen, towels and sheets are also available.	Our 1 bedroom flat is ideal for 2 people who want to make the most of their trip in Paris ! Centrally located and fully equipped, this place is perfect to discover Paris secrets and enjoy the sunset behind the Sacré Coeur !    Totally equipped kitchen, towels and sheets are also available. Access to wifi, radio and television We aim to have a great relation with our guests and will be pleased if we can be of any help during your stay ! 5 minutes walking from the parc the Buttes Chaumont 10 minutes walking from place de la Republique, the Canal St Martin and the parc de Belleville. 10 minutes of metro from the Sacré Coeur, le Marais area, Musée Georges Pompidou, Hotel de Ville and many more parisian monuments, 15 minutes from Notre Dame.  Tip : You should take the time to walk trough the colorful rue Sainte Marthe (2 minutes walking) and it's untypical shops ! You are 1 minute walking from Belleville metro station. Lines 2 and 11 are at this station. Many public bicycle stations in the 
7707	Our apartment is located at the last floor of a 7 levels end of 19th century building and gets nice natural light crossing the spacious living room, cathedral ceiling from East to West. Living room is equipped with a designer trademark sofa and a real dining table with comfortable chairs (antique chairs from a ‘50s cruise liner). Enjoy in your own private home an open kitchen fully equipped, 1 marble bathroom, 1 bedroom with queen-sized bed. The balcony (accessible throughout 1 French window from the living room and 1 French window from the bedroom) will be your private garden during your stay in Paris! As a guest you'll have full access to everything in the apartment. Other amenities: -High speed Wi Fi. -Elevator -Wood floor and Afghan carpets -Coffee machine -Boiler -Gaz cooker -Rice cooker -Electric juicer -Toaster -CD and CD player -TV and DVD player -Hairdryer -Laundry machine inside the apartment -Bedding and bath towels provided It accommodates for 1 couple. Sofa is not designed	This is a great apartment with balcony located in the 10th district, with metro station at one corner and Canal Saint-Martin at the other corner. Our apartment is a wonderful 1 spacious living room and 1 bedroom in the heart of one of the best neighb
7708	We bought this apartment to live in a few months ago. We did a lot to make it comfortable with quite a high standard, especially the kitchen, bathroom and bedroom.  The building was transformed in the 1950s and as some of our neighbours we have included hints to that period (mirrors, dining table, ...).  But what we love the most is the typical Parisian view on the roofs. And we have sunlight all day long!  You will enjoy a nice living room to relax in after a hectic day visiting or shopping in the city.	New on AirBnb! Quiet apartment in a very lively neighbourhood. 3 minutes by foot from Gare de l'Est (DE) and Gare du Nord (Eurostar/UK, Thalis/BE&NL, CDG airport), metro/bus/bikes. Sunny, modern, confortable. View over typical Parisian rooftops! We bought this apartment to live in a few months ago. We did a lot to make it comfortable with quite a high standard, especially the kitchen, bathroom and bedroom.  The building was transformed in the 1950s and as some of our neighbours we have included hints to that period (mirrors, dining table, ...).  But what we love the most is the typical Parisian view on the roofs. And we have sunlight all day long!  You will enjoy a nice living room to relax in after a hectic day visiting or shopping in the city. We keep one wardrobe for us. Everything else in the apartment is available for the use of our guests. You can text, call or send us emails anytime. The Faubourg Saint-Denis neighbourhood has a lovely mix of traditional, high-quality speciality 
7709	Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is located in the heart of Paris, close to Beaubourg Museum and just a few steps away from Porte Saint Martin and Porte Saint Denis, two triumphal arches erected in the 17th century to celebrate major French military victories; the arches have recently been cleaned and restored. This traditionally working-class neighborhood offers a great blend of communities and cultures, as well as the opportunity to explore the Grand Boulevards (boulevards de la Madeleine, des Italiens, St-Martin, des Capucines, Montmartre, Poissonnière, St-Denis, Bonne-Nouvelle), where all the major department stores and many cinemas, theaters, cafes, and restaurants are located. This Paris accommodation is also only a short metro ride away from the Opera Garnier and Place de la République. Premises: This 30m² (approx. 323 sq. ft.) alcove studio is located on the third floor of a 1750 walk-up building. The main entrance gate has an intercom, and opens into a corridor that lead	Neighborhood: This furnished apartment is located in the heart of Paris, close to Beaubourg Museum and just a few steps away from Porte Saint Martin and Porte Saint Denis, two triumphal arches erected in the 17th century to celebrate major French military victories; the arches have recently been cleaned and restored. This traditionally working-class neighborhood offers a great blend of communities and cultures, as well as the opportunity to explore the Grand Boulevards (boulevards de la Madeleine, des Italiens, St-Martin, des Capucines, Montmartre, Poissonnière, St-Denis, Bonne-Nouvelle), where all the major department stores and many cinemas, theaters, cafes, and restaurants are located. This Paris accommodation is also only a short metro ride away from the Opera Garnier and Place de la République. Premises: This 30m² (approx. 323 sq. ft.) alcove studio is located on the third floor of a 1750 walk-up building. The main entrance gate has an intercom, and opens into a corridor that lead
7710	The house is located in district 10 between LaFayette street, Faubourg Saint Martin street and the Saint Martin channel dock's. In the neighborhood you can find several shops and supermarket.	The house is located in district 10 between LaFayette street, Faubourg Saint Martin street and the Saint Martin channel dock's. .The 68 m² house is completely independant, situated in backyard for 4 or 6 people.  The house is located in district 10 between LaFayette street, Faubourg Saint Martin street and the Saint Martin channel dock's. In the neighborhood you can find several shops and supermarket. The 68 m² house is completely independant, situated in backyard for 4 or 6 people. Which is composed by: An entrance, with independant toilets and upstairs A 30m² main room including a living-room with sofa and a 2 places sofa bed with a large kitchen A bathroom with bath and toilets A first Bedroom with a 2 places bed A second bedroom with a 2 places bed Kitchen with cooker and oven, a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge with freezer Unlimited Wifi Television with DVD player Washing machine - Louis Blanc at 2 min Line 7 and 7bis - Jaurès at 3min Line 5 and 2
7711	Cozy and very functional apartment in trendy Paris! Where? Close to everything: - Paris 10th: benefit from this multi-cultural and trendy area while being close to every major spot in Paris - 10 min walk from the Canal Saint Martin, Rue des Martyrs & Pigalle, Grands Boulevards, Place de la République - 10 min metro ride from Le Marais (historical Paris) and Opéra - 15 min metro or bus ride from Louvre museum, Notre-Dame, Sacré Coeur, St Germain des Prés, Centre Pompidou Beaubourg - 10 min walk from Gare du Nord (high-speed train to London, Brussels, Amsterdam, and Köln) - 5 min walk from Gare de l’Est (high-speed train to Reims, Strasbourg, and Munchen) What? Charming and modern studio apartment Cozy studio apartment only for you: - Recently renovated - Bright - Very functional - Lovely inner courtyard - 1 comfortable bed for 2 people (140*190cm) - Fully furnished with modern equipment (washing machine, fridge, Nespresso, crockery, free Wi-Fi, TV, bluetooth sound system, shower, bathro	Cozy and very functional apartment in trendy Paris! Where? Close to everything: - Paris 10th: benefit from this multi-cultural and trendy area while being close to every major spot in Paris - 10 min walk from the Canal Saint Martin, Rue des Martyrs & Pigalle, Grands Boulevards, Place de la République - 10 min metro ride from Le Marais (historical Paris) and Opéra - 15 min metro or bus ride from Louvre museum, Notre-Dame, Sacré Coeur, St Germain des Prés, Centre Pompidou Beaubourg - 10 min walk from Gare du Nord (high-speed train to London, Brussels, Amsterdam, and Köln) - 5 min walk from Gare de l’Est (high-speed train to Reims, Strasbourg, and Munchen) What? Charming and modern studio apartment Cozy studio apartment only for you: - Recently renovated - Bright - Very functional - Lovely inner courtyard - 1 comfortable bed for 2 people (140*190cm) - Fully furnished with modern equipment (washing machine, fridge, Nespresso, crockery, free Wi-Fi, TV, bluetooth sound system, shower, bathro
7712	"It's a typical ""chambre de bonne"" studio, situated under the roof of an Haussmannien building, with the view on famous parisian grey roofs, Eiffel Tower, tower Montparnasse, Invalides etc... The interior is white and simple, with perfect wooden floor and bar counter."	"I'm renting my small artistic parisian studio with charming dormer window. It fits two (not more...) and is centrally located in the Xth arrondissement, close to Montmartre and rue La Fayette. It's a typical ""chambre de bonne"" studio, situated under the roof of an Haussmannien building, with the view on famous parisian grey roofs, Eiffel Tower, tower Montparnasse, Invalides etc... The interior is white and simple, with perfect wooden floor and bar counter. You have a shower and WC, a little kitchen (""kitchennette"") and all the small equipment - hairdryer, iron, kitchen tools. The Xth arrondissement is central enough to easily reach any place in the city and not too central to avoid the famous parisian snobbism. Young designers boutiques are here neighbours to kebab diners, and the great canal Saint-Martin area remains unknown by tourists and very much loved by parisians! The studio is perfectly located between Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est, some other metro stations nearby, which mean"
7713	Appartement de charme moderne 2 pièces (35 m2). Calme, idéal pour deux.  Wi-fi, télévision, chaîne hifi. Cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur) avec bar.	Idéalement situé à 20m du canal St-Martin, au coeur d'un quartier très animé avec de nombreux restaurants et bars. Desservi par 8 lignes de métro (phone number hidden) et 11) à 5 minutes à pieds de la place de la République.  Appartement calme. Appartement de charme moderne 2 pièces (35 m2). Calme, idéal pour deux.  Wi-fi, télévision, chaîne hifi. Cuisine équipée (four, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur-congélateur) avec bar. Sans restriction. Quartier branché, à 5 minutes de la place de la République. Nombreux bars, restaurants. Très animé, surtout le week-end.  S'il fait beau vous pourrez y boire un verre, sur les berges du Canal St-Martin. En face de l'Hôpital Saint-Louis. A proximité de 5 stations de métro:Jacques Bonsergent (5), Goncourt(11), République (3, 5, 8, 9), Colonel Fabien (2) et Gare de l'Est (4, 5, 7).  Les taxis passent régulièrement dans le quartier.
7714		Chambre privée dans appartement bien situé dans le 10eme arrondissement a Paris. 
7715	Ce logement est neuf dans un immeuble entièrement rénové qui a été conçu pour recevoir les voyageurs du monde entier... situé tout proche de l'Opéra et du quartier Montorgueil. Facile d'accès par les transports en commun. Vous vous y sentirez bien. A découvrir!	Bel appartement de 2 Pièces dans un quartier commerçant en plein cœur de Paris, quartier montorgueil. immeuble de charme entièrement rénové au 2° étage avec ascenseur: entrée, cuisine équipée, salle de bains, grand séjour, chambre avec rangements. Equipements et mobiliers neufs de qualités. Appt convivial. Lumineux. Ce logement est neuf dans un immeuble entièrement rénové qui a été conçu pour recevoir les voyageurs du monde entier... situé tout proche de l'Opéra et du quartier Montorgueil. Facile d'accès par les transports en commun. Vous vous y sentirez bien. A découvrir! Pour un bon accueil, nous offrons des capsules Nespresso à votre arrivée ainsi que du thé, un petit pot de confiture, une douceur...Nous accueillons également les familles ayant un bébé pour cela un lit parapluie est mis à votre disposition au prix de 30 euros le séjour, il a un vrai matelas, une couette, un oreiller, le tout traitement anti-acariens. Nous assurons l'accueil de nos clients devant l'immeuble et leur p
7716		studio pour 2 personnes, tout equipé avec tv et wifi. l'appartement est situé proche de la place de la République, bien desservi par les transports, c'est un quartier animé, beaucoup de restaurants et thêatres ideal pour découvrir Paris. metro republique ligne 5/8/11/9  possibilité d'aller a pied depuis la rue Bouchardon (5 minutes) nous serons joignable 24h24 en cas de souci. metro republique ligne 5/8/11/9  possibilité d'aller a pied depuis la rue Bouchardon (5 minutes) les clefs sont à récupérer dans le 10eme rue Bouchardon à partir de 17h sans limite d'heure. possibilité de laisser les bagages a cette même adresse avant et après le séjour si besoin.
7717	Au calme dans une grande cour arborée cet appartement est idéal pour se retrouver en famille ou entre amis.	Confortable et chaleureux, au coeur d'un quartier populaire et plein de vie, ce duplex entièrement équipé se trouve dans la belle et grande Cour de Bretagne. A deux pas du Canal Saint Martin, de la Place de la République, du quartier Oberkampf... Au calme dans une grande cour arborée cet appartement est idéal pour se retrouver en famille ou entre amis. Central et parfaitement situé, l'appartementest desservie par une station vélib directement à la sortie de la cour;  Les Métro Goncourt ou Belleville sont à deux pas et  celui de République n'est qu'à 10min à pied !*
7718	Discover the charm of Parisian holidays in this apartment located a few minutes walk to Montmartre and to the Opera! Ideal as a pied-a-terre for two people (42m2, 450sq f/ on the 1st floor). Independent, quiet, high quality flat in the heart of trendiest art and shopping areas of Paris.  The flat is fully equipped throughout and so you don't need to worry about anything except your clothes and toothbrush.    Wi-fi and TV in the flat are inclusive.  I redesigned and refurbished the flat  so everything is  decorated with XXth Century furniture and vintage decorative works. The salon, decorated with a retro design, comes ready to welcome guest with a dinner table. The kitchen is fully equipped with a gas combi-boiler, a microwave, a large fridge, cooking utensils and a laundry machine.  There is a separate shower room with a hair dryer. All the house linen is provided. A very good bakery and a delicious cheese shop are just around the block. Organic store and supermarket open latenight ar	Discover the charm of Parisian holidays in this apartment located a few minutes walk to Montmartre and to the Opera! Ideal as a pied-a-terre for two people (42m2, 450sq f/ on the 1st floor). Independent, quiet, high quality flat in the heart of trendiest art and shopping areas of Paris.  The flat is fully equipped throughout and so you don't need to worry about anything except your clothes and toothbrush.    Wi-fi and TV in the flat are inclusive.  I redesigned and refurbished the flat  so everything is  decorated with XXth Century furniture and vintage decorative works. The salon, decorated with a retro design, comes ready to welcome guest with a dinner table. The kitchen is fully equipped with a gas combi-boiler, a microwave, a large fridge, cooking utensils and a laundry machine.  There is a separate shower room with a hair dryer. All the house linen is provided. A very good bakery and a delicious cheese shop are just around the block. Organic store and supermarket open latenight ar
7719	It will be a pleasure to welcome you in our typical parisian apartment. You will enjoy our nice leaving room, the american kitchen, the bedroom and the bathroom.	You will enjoy a cosy apartment with a typical parisian atmosfere. I let you all you need to enjoy your journey : city guides, good tips in the neighboorhood, clean towels and dishes, etc. It will be a pleasure to welcome you in our typical parisian apartment. You will enjoy our nice leaving room, the american kitchen, the bedroom and the bathroom. The apartment is composed of one bedroom, an office with a sofa bed, a leaving room with the kitchen open on the leaving room and a bathroom. I will leave you numerous guides on Paris. Some are in english. Moreover I will wright a special note with our best adresses and places in the neighbourhood. You have access to wifi. You will have clean dishes, towels, shampoo and soap. Ladies, there is hairdryer. I will be always available b phone or email. Feel free to contact me. The Sainte Marthe area, popular area long time ago became over the years a trendy place in the capital. In the heart of the picturesque quarter is a charming and unusual pl
7720	Située a 30 metres du canal St Martin Entourée de restaurants, bars, et transports en commun divers Chambre indépendante  Wifi et TV 	Une Chambre de 15 m2 Propre et entièrement refaite en juillet 2013.  Cozy avec nouveau matelas Bultex si confortable Un matelas d'appoint pour deux personnes, posé au sol.  Située a 30 metres du canal St Martin Entourée de restaurants, bars, et transports en commun divers Chambre indépendante  Wifi et TV Métro Jacques Bonsergent - line 5, 10 minutes walk Métro Colonel Fabien- line 2, 10 minutes walk Métro Chateau Landon - line 7, 10 minutes walk Gare de l'Est: 10 minutes walk Je serai sans doute présente, au moins pour vous donner les clés.  Quand mon travail me le permet, je passe du temps avec les guests que je recois  restaurants, marché, visites
7721	In a building of Old Paris. Mimi Pinson style, with flowers on 2 balconies. Very quiet and secure. Couple with 1 child. Additional bed for a baby, in case.	Quiet, central, confortable,  charm of old Paris.  Ideal for 1 or 2 persons.  No elevator, 6th floor. Mostly rented for a week in Paris. In a building of Old Paris. Mimi Pinson style, with flowers on 2 balconies. Very quiet and secure. Couple with 1 child. Additional bed for a baby, in case. Street door secured by a code. Entrance at the end of the courtyard. 6th floor. With pleasure and as much as we can if we are in Paris at the same time. Centre of the old Paris, very close to Canal Saint Martin, le Marais, Place de la République and Bastille, lot of theaters, restaurants, all shops, laundries, food, fashion,  organic products etc. Very lively and secure to come back late at night. And a wonderful place to rest up, day and night. Very convenient for all public transit, by bus or metro, to everywhere in Paris, including airports and railways. We are Parisians and very pleased to be helpful to our guests during their stay in Paris. There are flowers on the 2 balconies.
7722	Studio moderne et cosy de 27m2. Un canapé lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes avec la possibilité de rajouter un lit 1 place. Cuisine ouverte toute équipée, salle de bain. Télévision câblée ainsi qu'accès internet. Cosy 290ft2 studio apartment. Bed-sofa for two persons with the possibility to add an extra bed for one person. Fully equipped open-plan kitchen, bathroom. Cable TV and wifi access.	Studio moderne, tout équipé, avec cuisine ouverte et salle de bain. Cour intérieure. Situé dans le quartier vivant de la rue du Faubourg St-Denis, à deux pas de la Gare du Nord et à 5min à pied du Canal St Martin. Très bien desservi.  English below. Studio moderne et cosy de 27m2. Un canapé lit pouvant accueillir deux personnes avec la possibilité de rajouter un lit 1 place. Cuisine ouverte toute équipée, salle de bain. Télévision câblée ainsi qu'accès internet. Cosy 290ft2 studio apartment. Bed-sofa for two persons with the possibility to add an extra bed for one person. Fully equipped open-plan kitchen, bathroom. Cable TV and wifi access. La cuisine est équipée d'un frigo, d'un four, d'un micro-ondes, de deux plaques de cuisson ainsi que d'une machine à laver. Seront également mis à votre disposition une machine à café, une bouilloire et un sèche cheveux. There is a refrigerator, an oven, a microwave, two cooktops and a washer in the kitchen. You can also use the kettle, the coffee m
7723	"A CONTEMPORARY APARTMENT IN A VIBRANT AREA WITH TYPICAL VIEW ON SACRED HEART ! This ""home sweet home"" was renovated by an architect to create a pleasant and comfortable place & designed as a ""loft space"" without doors (except of course for toilet and bathroom). Each object is a travel ‘souvenir’ and bring a good vibration ! This 40 square meters hausmanian apartment is located on the 6th floor, with elevator, secured access (interphone) and a panoramic view over the roofs …. with the Sacred Heart in addition ! The entrance leads to a luminous living room with a modern kitchen fully equiped (cooking items, oven, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine…) with a large kitchen island in black marble from Zimbabwe.  Fully equipped with all necessary : fwashing machine, ree wifi, TV with over 100 international channels (BBC, CNN), plus internet unlimited and international phonecalls.  Linens and towels are provided. Perfect for a couple who want to live an unforgettable stay i"	"A CONTEMPORARY APARTMENT IN A VIBRANT AREA WITH TYPICAL VIEW ON SACRED HEART ! This ""home sweet home"" was renovated by an architect to create a pleasant and comfortable place & designed as a ""loft space"" without doors (except of course for toilet and bathroom). Each object is a travel ‘souvenir’ and bring a good vibration ! This 40 square meters hausmanian apartment is located on the 6th floor, with elevator, secured access (interphone) and a panoramic view over the roofs …. with the Sacred Heart in addition ! The entrance leads to a luminous living room with a modern kitchen fully equiped (cooking items, oven, fridge, freezer, microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine…) with a large kitchen island in black marble from Zimbabwe.  Fully equipped with all necessary : fwashing machine, ree wifi, TV with over 100 international channels (BBC, CNN), plus internet unlimited and international phonecalls.  Linens and towels are provided. Perfect for a couple who want to live an unforgettable stay i"
7724		Mini loft sous les toits de Paris. Une chambre + une mezzanine avec deux couchages. Vue sur un grand nombre de monuments de Paris. Descriptions et plus de photos à venir.
7725	"OUR APARTMENT  78 sqm Available in August 2014 Minimum stay : 5 days   SUITABLE FOR 2 to 4 adults/teenagers  + 1 child under 8 years + 1 baby NOT SUITABLE for more than 4 adults and teenagers. In the master bedroom the bed measures 150 cm x 200 cm. In the second bedroom there is a child bed (70 x 160 cm) and a bed measuring 90 x 200 cm.  In the library, there is a crib.  A comfortable air mattress for 1 person can be put in the living room or in the child's room in lieu of our daughter's bed. We will be very happy to answer your questions.  BUT PLEASE DO:  1) carefully read our description before sending us questions 2) give us details about you and the other guests. OUR NEIGHBORHOOD The apartment is very central. It is located near to the ""Canal Saint-Martin"", a very typical and trendy neighborhood of small charming buildings, near the Place de la République (5 metro lines have a stop in République) and the Marais. The Place de la République has just been refurbished and it is now a n"	"OUR APARTMENT  78 sqm Available in August 2014 Minimum stay : 5 days   SUITABLE FOR 2 to 4 adults/teenagers  + 1 child under 8 years + 1 baby NOT SUITABLE for more than 4 adults and teenagers. In the master bedroom the bed measures 150 cm x 200 cm. In the second bedroom there is a child bed (70 x 160 cm) and a bed measuring 90 x 200 cm.  In the library, there is a crib.  A comfortable air mattress for 1 person can be put in the living room or in the child's room in lieu of our daughter's bed. We will be very happy to answer your questions.  BUT PLEASE DO:  1) carefully read our description before sending us questions 2) give us details about you and the other guests. OUR NEIGHBORHOOD The apartment is very central. It is located near to the ""Canal Saint-Martin"", a very typical and trendy neighborhood of small charming buildings, near the Place de la République (5 metro lines have a stop in République) and the Marais. The Place de la République has just been refurbished and it is now a n"
7726		Un nid d'Amour au Centre de Paris : un 3 pièces de 60m² tout équipé pour votre confort, situé au cœur du quartier des Grands Boulevards, à 2 minutes du Métro Strasbourg Saint Denis et 5 minutes de Gare de l'Est. Tout le confort nécessaire afin de passer un agréable séjour: - un lit double dans la chambre principale - un canapé convertible 2 places dans la chambre/bureau   - lave linge  - sèche cheveux - télévision connectée à internet  - four  - micro-onde  - cafetière - grille-pain - bouilloire - kit de repassage - réfrigérateur, congélateur  - tous les ustensiles pour faire la cuisine  - serviettes de toilette  - draps  - internet wireless ( WiFi ) illimité et gratuit  - téléphone illimité et gratuit (fixes et mobiles vers la France, le Canada, les Etats-Unis, et vers les fixes de 50 de pays) Heure d'arrivée et de départ à déterminer ensemble.  Vous trouverez en vous promenant dans le quartier et dans ses passages couverts, de très bons restaurants, bars, traiteurs, marchands de prod
7727		2 pièces neuf et agréable à deux pas du canal saint Martin et du centre de Paris (république/marais). Vu agréable sur grande cours. Cuisine équipée. Chambre avec lit double. Salle de bain confortable. Wifi.
7728	Charmant atelier du 19ème siècle transformé en loft triplex. Situé dans le quartier central mais tranquille du canal Saint-Martin, le loft bénéficie de la proximité du métro Jacques Bonsergent et des métros et bus qui desservent la Place de la République. Le quartier est très agréable, vivant, on y trouve de très bons restaurants, et les berges du canal sont fermées à la circulation le dimanche. Le loft donne sur une petite cour pavée à rez de chaussée. On y entre par le Séjour dans lequel se trouve la cuisine ouverte. Une mezzanine partiellement fermée accueille une chambre avec un lit double et un grand bureau. A l'étage, la grande chambre bénéficie d'une très jolie vue. Le wc séparé et la salle de bains sont également à l'étage.  Le loft peut ainsi accueillir aisément 5 personnes (1 ou 2 couples avec enfants). 9 personnes peuvent y dormir en utilisant les deux canapés lits du Séjour. L'appartement et la copropriété sont calmes, il n'est donc pas autorisé d'y organiser de fêtes ou de	Charmant atelier du 19ème siècle transformé en loft triplex. Situé dans le quartier central, vivant et tranquille du canal Saint-Martin, le loft est à proximité du métro Jacques Bonsergent et des nombreux métros et bus de Place de la République. Charmant atelier du 19ème siècle transformé en loft triplex. Situé dans le quartier central mais tranquille du canal Saint-Martin, le loft bénéficie de la proximité du métro Jacques Bonsergent et des métros et bus qui desservent la Place de la République. Le quartier est très agréable, vivant, on y trouve de très bons restaurants, et les berges du canal sont fermées à la circulation le dimanche. Le loft donne sur une petite cour pavée à rez de chaussée. On y entre par le Séjour dans lequel se trouve la cuisine ouverte. Une mezzanine partiellement fermée accueille une chambre avec un lit double et un grand bureau. A l'étage, la grande chambre bénéficie d'une très jolie vue. Le wc séparé et la salle de bains sont également à l'étage.  Le loft peu
7729	Welcome to our 2 bedrooms cozy apartment (63m2)!  It's located in a nice, old and quiet building @ a trendy street near the Canal Saint Martin in the 10th arrondissement.  Both rooms are set on a courtyard which is very quiet and the apartment also includes a bathroom with bathtub, and a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, dishwasher and washing machine and last but not least WIFI.  This holidays the apartment is to rent for the whole family !  The location of the apartment is most appealing as it is 30 seconds away from the Canal Saint Martin, one of Paris most lively neighbourhoods, gathering coffee shops (Craft is in front of the street, Bob's juice bar, Holly Belly, Sésame is right on the canal), trendy bars (Prune, Comptoir General, Hotel du Nord), and nice restaurants (Le petit Cambodge, La Madonnina, Le Verre Volé, Le Marilou etc).  It is near République, le Marais and Goncourt, the perfect place for travellers wanting to experience Parisian life. You will also be on walking 	Welcome to our 2 bedrooms cozy apartment (63m2)!  It's located in a nice, old and quiet building @ a trendy street near the Canal Saint Martin in the 10th arrondissement.  Both rooms are set on a courtyard which is very quiet and the apartment also includes a bathroom with bathtub, and a fully equipped kitchen with microwave, dishwasher and washing machine and last but not least WIFI.  This holidays the apartment is to rent for the whole family !  The location of the apartment is most appealing as it is 30 seconds away from the Canal Saint Martin, one of Paris most lively neighbourhoods, gathering coffee shops (Craft is in front of the street, Bob's juice bar, Holly Belly, Sésame is right on the canal), trendy bars (Prune, Comptoir General, Hotel du Nord), and nice restaurants (Le petit Cambodge, La Madonnina, Le Verre Volé, Le Marilou etc).  It is near République, le Marais and Goncourt, the perfect place for travellers wanting to experience Parisian life. You will also be on walking 
7730	The apartement is at the 6th floor without elevator.	"Apartment situated in the centre of Paris ( 10th district), near ""Grands boulevards"". 2 small balconies with Sacré Coeur view ( Montmartre). 3 lines of subways with nearness. Full of life district: many restaurants and bars."
7731	I'm renting my large, tastefully decorated, Bohemian style 3 bedroom apartment located in central Paris for short periods of 2 days to one month (available the entire month of August). The apartment comes with a sweet, independent kitty named Kiwi. Because it is easier for me to leave Kiwi at home while I am away, I ask that tenants care for her in exchange for a discounted rate for the apartment.   The flat is near Chatelet and the Canal St. Martin. Located on the 6th floor, no elevator. Spacious living and dining room with exposed wooden beams. Equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, Wifi internet, landline with free calls to the US, bathroom with separate toilet, very comfortable and lots of character! There's a wonderful view of the rooftops of Paris, and the apartment gets a lot of light. Great, trendy, up-and-coming area with tons of restaurants, bars, and movie theaters nearby. Within walking distance of many sites: Louvre 20 min, Pompidou center 15 min, Opera 15 minutes,	I'm renting my large, tastefully decorated, Bohemian style 3 bedroom apartment located in central Paris for short periods of 2 days to one month (available the entire month of August). The apartment comes with a sweet, independent kitty named Kiwi. Because it is easier for me to leave Kiwi at home while I am away, I ask that tenants care for her in exchange for a discounted rate for the apartment.   The flat is near Chatelet and the Canal St. Martin. Located on the 6th floor, no elevator. Spacious living and dining room with exposed wooden beams. Equipped kitchen, washing machine, dishwasher, Wifi internet, landline with free calls to the US, bathroom with separate toilet, very comfortable and lots of character! There's a wonderful view of the rooftops of Paris, and the apartment gets a lot of light. Great, trendy, up-and-coming area with tons of restaurants, bars, and movie theaters nearby. Within walking distance of many sites: Louvre 20 min, Pompidou center 15 min, Opera 15 minutes,
7732	 Located in the Heart of Paris in the bohem area  of the rue du Faubourg Saint Denis ,2nd floor , Entire Apt is equiped with all your basic needs, hair dryer,TV, clothing iron ,utensils, coffee maker, microwave,  ... Ready to take the city by storm your located just a quick walk away from the Republique,Le Marais ,Opéra,Les Grands Boulevards,Gare du Nord,Gare de L'Est,Canal Saint Martin .50 meters from Strasbourg st Denis metro station that bring everywhere in Paris in a few minutes.  there are lots of eateries and fabulous places to eat. . you can easily walk to Le Marais shopping district and easy walk to Republique and Le Louvre. A great location no matter what part of the city your traveling to you can quickly get everywhere in the city. During your stay either myself or my assistant will meet you upon arrival with keys.  Apt has hand painted walls freshly painted, hardwood floors, and  exposed beams. Cosy, wi-fi internet as well. Black stone floor and tiling bathroom, Digital Cabl	 Located in the Heart of Paris in the bohem area  of the rue du Faubourg Saint Denis ,2nd floor , Entire Apt is equiped with all your basic needs, hair dryer,TV, clothing iron ,utensils, coffee maker, microwave,  ... Ready to take the city by storm your located just a quick walk away from the Republique,Le Marais ,Opéra,Les Grands Boulevards,Gare du Nord,Gare de L'Est,Canal Saint Martin .50 meters from Strasbourg st Denis metro station that bring everywhere in Paris in a few minutes.  there are lots of eateries and fabulous places to eat. . you can easily walk to Le Marais shopping district and easy walk to Republique and Le Louvre. A great location no matter what part of the city your traveling to you can quickly get everywhere in the city. During your stay either myself or my assistant will meet you upon arrival with keys.  Apt has hand painted walls freshly painted, hardwood floors, and  exposed beams. Cosy, wi-fi internet as well. Black stone floor and tiling bathroom, Digital Cabl
7733		Charmant 30 m2 avec chambre et grande salle de bain sur cour, proches tous commerces.
7734		Situé dans le 10ème arrondissement de Paris, près de métro Goncourt, dans une très jolie cour, calme, tout équipé, lumineux et très mignon. Entre République et Belleville, et aussi près des quartiers 
7735	Very nice apartment completely redone with new taste 2 minutes from two metro stations : the station poissonniere (line 7) and the metro gare de l'est ( line 4-5-7 ) and the Gare du Nord (RER B) , it needed to go to the airport directly. In the same building there is a supermarket, a baker and a launderette required to wash clothes in case of need. In a minute there is a magnificent indoor market where you can buy meat and fish as well as vegetables and fresh. In front there is a shop where they sell only oysters of different qualities : not to be missed ! On foot you can go to visit the main monuments of Parigi.A only two minutes there is a very cheap and convenient parking . At ten minutes to get to Montmartre and the district of OPERA . On the 2nd floor without elevator in a building where the facade is well kept just been redone . The house consists of one room with a double bed and a living room with a comfortable sofa bed . In the home as well as the need for the kitchen you will	My calendar is updated and you can book it BUT I PREFER LONGER PERIOD Very nice apartment completely redone with new taste 2 minutes from two metro stations : the station poissonniere (line 7) and the metro gare de l'est ( line 4-5-7 ) and the Gare du Nord (RER B) , it needed to go to the airport directly. In the same building there is a supermarket, a baker and a launderette required to wash clothes in case of need. In a minute there is a magnificent indoor market where you can buy meat and fish as well as vegetables and fresh. In front there is a shop where they sell only oysters of different qualities : not to be missed ! On foot you can go to visit the main monuments of Parigi.A only two minutes there is a very cheap and convenient parking . At ten minutes to get to Montmartre and the district of OPERA . On the 2nd floor without elevator in a building where the facade is well kept just been redone . The house consists of one room with a double bed and a living room with a comfortab
7736	"Ce 2 pièces accueillant est très calme et très lumineux, blotti dans un passage semi- privatif plein de charme.  Cet agréable appartement est très central, dans un quartier branché, pourvu de nombreux commerces, de cafés et de restaurants, dont le mythique ""chez Jeannette"". Il est très bien desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro et de bus et à proximité immédiate de nombreux commerces. Il est à deux pas du canal Saint-Martin, ainsi que de nombreux théâtre. Ce 2 pièces plein de cachet allie le calme d'un dernier étage au fond d'un passage semi-privé et l'animation de la rue dans laquelle il donne. Très agréable vie de quartier. Il peut accueillir très confortablement une personne ou un couple. Il est équipé d'internet, du wi-fi, il y a une cuisine équipée, une machine à laver, ainsi qu'une grande salle de bain. Je ne suis pas présent dans le logement."	"Ce 2 pièces accueillant est très calme et très lumineux, blotti dans un passage semi- privatif plein de charme.  Cet agréable appartement est très central, dans un quartier branché, pourvu de nombreux commerces, de cafés et de restaurants, dont le mythique ""chez Jeannette"". Il est très bien desservi par de nombreuses lignes de métro et de bus et à proximité immédiate de nombreux commerces. Il est à deux pas du canal Saint-Martin, ainsi que de nombreux théâtre. Ce 2 pièces plein de cachet allie le calme d'un dernier étage au fond d'un passage semi-privé et l'animation de la rue dans laquelle il donne. Très agréable vie de quartier. Il peut accueillir très confortablement une personne ou un couple. Il est équipé d'internet, du wi-fi, il y a une cuisine équipée, une machine à laver, ainsi qu'une grande salle de (website hidden) ne suis pas présent dans le logement."
7737	Offre Nöel 2013 : Pour 15 jours : 1078EUROS Bienvenue dans mon charmant appartement situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans un bel immeuble Hausmanien, en plein coeur du quartier Saint Vincent de Paul (5 minutes de Montmartre, Pigalle, des grands boulevard et du canal Saint-martin; 10 minutes d'Opéra) Les stations de métro les plus proches sont: Poissonnière, Gare de l'est, Gare du nord.  Une station Vélib' est aussi disponible tout proche. Commerces à proximités Cet appartement a été refais à neuf; les photos ont été prises les travaux à peine terminé depuis la décoration de l'appartement est beaucoup plus chaleureuse, notamment avec un vrai canapé !  Il est calme et ensoleillé avec une belle vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, ainsi que 3 balconnets.  La cuisine américaine est équipée avec un frigo, un lave-vaisselle, un lave linge, four, et un micro-onde.  Dans le salon, vous trouverez une chaîne Hifi, télévision, table basse, une étagère avec livres,  bureau, et 4 fauteuils.  Salle	Offre Nöel 2013 : Pour 15 jours : 1078EUROS Bienvenue dans mon charmant appartement situé au 5ème étage avec ascenseur dans un bel immeuble Hausmanien, en plein coeur du quartier Saint Vincent de Paul (5 minutes de Montmartre, Pigalle, des grands boulevard et du canal Saint-martin; 10 minutes d'Opéra) Les stations de métro les plus proches sont: Poissonnière, Gare de l'est, Gare du nord.  Une station Vélib' est aussi disponible tout proche. Commerces à proximités Cet appartement a été refais à neuf; les photos ont été prises les travaux à peine terminé depuis la décoration de l'appartement est beaucoup plus chaleureuse, notamment avec un vrai canapé !  Il est calme et ensoleillé avec une belle vue dégagée sur les toits de Paris, ainsi que 3 balconnets.  La cuisine américaine est équipée avec un frigo, un lave-vaisselle, un lave linge, four, et un micro-onde.  Dans le salon, vous trouverez une chaîne Hifi, télévision, table basse, une étagère avec livres,  bureau, et 4 fauteuils.  Salle
7738	L'appartement est idéalement situé, à 1 min à pied du marché des Enfants Rouge.  3m d'hauteur sous plafond, vaste séjour avec cuisine américaine complètement équipée. 	"Located in the historical and trendy ""Marais"". L'appartement est idéalement situé, à 1 min à pied du marché des Enfants Rouge.  3m d'hauteur sous plafond, vaste séjour avec cuisine américaine complètement équipée. Luxury apartment, very clean, with one bedroom (+1 extra double bed in the living room if needed) in the heart of Le Marais, surrounded by sight-seeing spots, famous Parisian stores and art galleries.  The flat is surounded by bakeries, pastries, butchers, wine merchants, and typically Parisian cafes and restaurants. So much to do and see around here, and all within walking distance. Something for everyone, museums, shops, restaurants,bars.... The studio (55 sqm) has the typical charm of the old Parisian buildings and offers every comfort needed for up to 4 guests: -1 large bedroom with double beds  -1 Extra double Bed if needed  -Unlimited internet access, TV & DVD sets, washing machine  -Bathroom with bath & shower  -Fully equipped kitchen, microwave, toaster, coffee maker "
7739	 IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME  : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT  Bright, sunny, homely  apartment, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district,  the Pompidou Center, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards. The neighbourhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  This is our FAMILY apartment that we rent during our holidays. Therefore it is a space customized to our personal lifestyle, but it can be adapted  easily to welcome open-minded people . For these reasons, it’s exclusively for travelers which is searching for  a unique  experience  to stay in Paris and guests with more experience  with airbnb.  PLEASE CON	 IN THE HEART OF PARIS BOHEME  : THE VINEGAR MAKERS VILLAGE IN CANAL SAINT MARTIN DISTRICT  Bright, sunny, homely  apartment, in the CENTRAL, SAFE, TRENDY and ROMANTIC district of Canal Saint Martin. In the heart of rive droite, the apartment is located in the picturesque and authentic Vinegar Makers Village, formerly Vineyard Trail since XVI century.  The flat is very close to the relevant points of interest, in 15 min by foot you are in: MARAIS district,  the Pompidou Center, the BASTILLE, Belleville and the Grands Boulevards. The neighbourhood is lively, family friendly, safe and considered to be one the place where the action is!  This is our FAMILY apartment that we rent during our holidays. Therefore it is a space customized to our personal lifestyle, but it can be adapted  easily to welcome open-minded people . For these reasons, it’s exclusively for travelers which is searching for  a unique  experience  to stay in Paris and guests with more experience  with airbnb.  PLEASE CON
7740		Très joli et fonctionnel appartement de deux pièces dans le centre de Paris, 5eme étage avec ascenseur, à 5 minutes du canal saint-Martin, à 2 minutes des lignes de métro 5 et 4. Idéal pour un couple, pouvant être accompagnée d'un enfant. 
7741	"Our flat, located at 20 meters from the Canal St Martin and 10 minutes by foot from ""Le Marais"", is exactly the right place to experience authentic Paris.   Our treasured apartment on the fifth floor (without lift) is charming, contemporary furnished, very bright and offers extras such as washing machine, dryer, dish washer and television. It ts a typical parisian apartment with parquet, chimney and parisian windows. The apartment has a livingroom with sofa bed( we bought a new sofa bed which is more comfortable july 2011) and dining table, an american kitchen, a modern bathroom with bath tub and a bedroom with double bed, desk and walk-in closet. It is very comfortable for two, but can also accommodate 4 people thanks to its sofa bed.   The apartment is located in a calm street a stone’s throw away from the Canal St Martin. Nearby is a supermarket, a Velib Station (bike rental) and Bus Number 75. Within walking distance you can reach underground stations République (line 3,5,8,9,11) a"	"Our flat, located at 20 meters from the Canal St Martin and 10 minutes by foot from ""Le Marais"", is exactly the right place to experience authentic Paris.   Our treasured apartment on the fifth floor (without lift) is charming, contemporary furnished, very bright and offers extras such as washing machine, dryer, dish washer and television. It ts a typical parisian apartment with parquet, chimney and parisian windows. The apartment has a livingroom with sofa bed( we bought a new sofa bed which is more comfortable july 2011) and dining table, an american kitchen, a modern bathroom with bath tub and a bedroom with double bed, desk and walk-in closet. It is very comfortable for two, but can also accommodate 4 people thanks to its sofa bed.   The apartment is located in a calm street a stone’s throw away from the Canal St Martin. Nearby is a supermarket, a Velib Station (bike rental) and Bus Number 75. Within walking distance you can reach underground stations République (line 3,5,8,9,11) a"
7742		This is a 20m2 cosy studio, in a typically parisien style, with mezzanine, ideally located. 
7743		studio refait à neuf avec SDB et coin cuisine au 6eme avec Ascenseur. Très calme, vue dégagée et ensoleillé. proximité transport et en plein coeur de Paris.
7744	if you want a central place in Paris -for a reasonable price, this is the right place for you.  A nice studio is on the 4th floor with lifst. Located in very dynamic district in Paris, the place is very calm facing backyards and private gardens. The studio itself is fully furnished with a double sofa bed (200 x 160cm for 2), a bathroom (WC, baignoire), a dressing, electrical plates, a microwave, a washing machine, a small fridge, Internet,...  In the very heart of Paris, the place is an exceptional starting point to visit Paris. In less than 15 mn walk you are in Les Halles, le Marais, Grands Boulevards, Opera, rue de Rivoli, Montmartre...Shopping, art and design, gourmet restaurants and french brasseries: the real Parisian lifestyle outside the door! Metro bus, city bicycles ,museums, theatres restaurants ....-all is within an easy reach. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. And I will be here to	if you want a central place in Paris -for a reasonable price, this is the right place for you.  A nice studio is on the 4th floor with lifst. Located in very dynamic district in Paris, the place is very calm facing backyards and private gardens. The studio itself is fully furnished with a double sofa bed (200 x 160cm for 2), a bathroom (WC, baignoire), a dressing, electrical plates, a microwave, a washing machine, a small fridge, Internet,...  In the very heart of Paris, the place is an exceptional starting point to visit Paris. In less than 15 mn walk you are in Les Halles, le Marais, Grands Boulevards, Opera, rue de Rivoli, Montmartre...Shopping, art and design, gourmet restaurants and french brasseries: the real Parisian lifestyle outside the door! Metro bus, city bicycles ,museums, theatres restaurants ....-all is within an easy reach. There will be fresh bed linen and towels for you to use. You will find plenty of plates, cups, pots and pans at your disposal. And I will be here to
7745	"Appartement idéal pour vos vacances ou pour des déplacements professionnels à Paris. Situé dans une rue centrale du 10ème arrondissement de Paris (limite 2eme), c'est un appartement design de 50 m2 au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Cet appartement meublé vous permettra de passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Très bien équipé, le logement est équipée d'un écran plat TV et d'une cuisine complètement équipée. Idéal pour 2 personnes, il peut accueillir jusque 4 personnes. En effet dans l'appartement il y a une chambre avec un double lit de 190x140cm, et dans le salon un canapé convertible. L'immeuble est actuellement en ravalement, un échaffaudage est disposé sur la façade. a     Les Grands Boulevards, Quartier Bonne Nouvelle La location à Paris près des ""grands boulevards"" offre les avantages d'une situation centrale tout en étant dans une rue calme. La proximité de la place de la République et des grands boulevards permet d'accéder à 5 lignes de métro et à plusieurs bus pour rejoindre directeme"	"Appartement idéal pour vos vacances ou pour des déplacements professionnels à Paris. Situé dans une rue centrale du 10ème arrondissement de Paris (limite 2eme), c'est un appartement design de 50 m2 au 1er étage avec ascenseur. Cet appartement meublé vous permettra de passer un agréable séjour à Paris. Très bien équipé, le logement est équipée d'un écran plat TV et d'une cuisine complètement équipée. Idéal pour 2 personnes, il peut accueillir jusque 4 personnes. En effet dans l'appartement il y a une chambre avec un double lit de 190x140cm, et dans le salon un canapé convertible. L'immeuble est actuellement en ravalement, un échaffaudage est disposé sur la façade. a     Les Grands Boulevards, Quartier Bonne Nouvelle La location à Paris près des ""grands boulevards"" offre les avantages d'une situation centrale tout en étant dans une rue calme. La proximité de la place de la République et des grands boulevards permet d'accéder à 5 lignes de métro et à plusieurs bus pour rejoindre directeme"
7746	Bel appartement de 60m2 dans le 10ème arrondissement (à la limite du 2ème et du 3ème), au 1er étage, d'un immeuble du 16ème siècle.  Quartier central et animé  Beaucoup de charme (3m50 de hauteur sous plafond), parquet chêne, poutres dans la pièce principale et dispose  d'une TV, internet. Le canapé est un vrai lit pour une personne.  La cuisine, totalement équipée, est séparée du salon par un bar (fours traditionnel et micro-ondes, machine à laver la vaisselle, bouilloire électrique, congélateur, grille pain, mixeur...) La chambre (avec lit double) est ouverte sur la salle de bain. Celle-ci comprend un lavabo, une grande douche italienne. Les WC sont séparés.  	Situé dans un endroit animé (commerces, bars, restaurant...)  Bel appartement dans immeuble typique du Faubourg Bel appartement de 60m2 dans le 10ème arrondissement (à la limite du 2ème et du 3ème), au 1er étage, d'un immeuble du 16ème siècle.  Quartier central et animé  Beaucoup de charme (3m50 de hauteur sous plafond), parquet chêne, poutres dans la pièce principale et dispose  d'une TV, internet. Le canapé est un vrai lit pour une personne.  La cuisine, totalement équipée, est séparée du salon par un bar (fours traditionnel et micro-ondes, machine à laver la vaisselle, bouilloire électrique, congélateur, grille pain, mixeur...) La chambre (avec lit double) est ouverte sur la salle de bain. Celle-ci comprend un lavabo, une grande douche italienne. Les WC sont séparés. Quartier très central entre République, Les Halles.  Quartier animé : commerces, bars, restaurants...  Très pratiques : 3 lignes de métro 4, 8 et 9 3 lignes de métro 4, 8 et 9  Direct des gares du Nord, de l'Est, Montpa
7747	little charming 2 room (27 square meter) at the top floor in hausmanien building, beetween canal sint Martin and Montmartre in 10 th arrondissement.this appartment is peaceful living with its 2 balconny.	little charming 2 room (27 square meter) at the top floor in hausmanien building, beetween canal sint Martin and Montmartre in 10 th arrondissement.this appartment is peaceful living with its 2 balconny.
7748		       Belle appartement au cœur de Paris proche de toute les lignes de métro. A 2min du canal St Martin, de nombreux commerce et animation à proximité 
7749	Vast and cosy apt, with private living and dining room, comfortable armchairs, bright and quiet. Wifi, TV, DVD, books, the whole range of dishes... 	50 square meters traditional apartment right on Belleville subs. 5 min walk from 'République', very central. Perfect for a couple, fully equipped: good bed, shower, Nespresso machine, oven, living and dining room,...,balcony. 5th floor without lift.  Vast and cosy apt, with private living and dining room, comfortable armchairs, bright and quiet. Wifi, TV, DVD, books, the whole range of dishes...  everything available in our home : washing machine, dishes, oven, Nespresso cappuccino machine, internet... Ready to answer any of their questions. Belleville is one of the most appreciate area to hang out for artists, young people. Eclectic and dynamic area, you will enjoy bars and restaurants, walking to Canal Saint Martin or République, listening to concerts in bars or going to the market 4 days a week. The apartment is just on the Belleville subway with line 2 and 11. Line 11 is 10 minutes from the heart of Paris (Châtelet, Notre Dame, etc). Very central
7750	The apartment Located on the second floor of an old printing office, the apartment has been refurbished in the original industrial style. With its open spaces, picture windows, high ceilings (3.3 meters / 10 feet) and sliding doors, the flat offers generous volumes and abundant light. It is ideal for a family. We have been living here for 8 years with our two children. The main space gathers the entrance, the dining room, the open kitchen, the living room and an office area on a mezzanine. Two large sliding doors open on the two bedrooms. Separated bathroom and restroom complete the apartment. The open kitchen is organized around a central island that allows you to cook (induction plates, dishwasher, sink and working surface). The bar enables you to meet around a drink. Next to it, the dining room corner is equipped with a large industrial wooden table for 6 to 8 people. A first room (our children’s) comes with two single beds (90/190cm) and two large picture windows, which allow a lot	85 sq meters apartment, loft style with two rooms, located on the second floor of an old printing office, overlooking a courtyard, away from the street. In the very heart of Paris, near from the Place de la République and the St Martin Canal. The apartment Located on the second floor of an old printing office, the apartment has been refurbished in the original industrial style. With its open spaces, picture windows, high ceilings (3.3 meters / 10 feet) and sliding doors, the flat offers generous volumes and abundant light. It is ideal for a family. We have been living here for 8 years with our two children. The main space gathers the entrance, the dining room, the open kitchen, the living room and an office area on a mezzanine. Two large sliding doors open on the two bedrooms. Separated bathroom and restroom complete the apartment. The open kitchen is organized around a central island that allows you to cook (induction plates, dishwasher, sink and working surface). The bar enables you 
7751		Nice appartement in the heart of the parisian life, in the well animated rue du Faubourg-St-Denis. The flat is located at the entrance of a picturesque passage : Brady's passage. Close to Gare de l'Est ad Gare du Nord, and very near to République. Dont hesitate to ask me restaurant or bars in the area (or not) ! I'll be glad to share with you my favorite places. Strasbourg-St-Denis area is ideal for a visit in Paris. In the center of the french capital, but without the touristic crowd. It's a neighborhood in full swing. Bars, restaurants ( for all taste:  french, indian, turkish, vietnamese and a lot more, especially in Rue du Faubourg-St-Denis and rue des Petites Écuries!) abound . Plus, there are a lot of passages, which grandly contributes to the area's charm. It's also very easy to rejoin the main touristic sites, thanks to a lot of subway/bus stations. The flat is ideally located, Strasbourg St-Denis station ( Lign 4,8 and 9) is at 2 min by foot, as well as Repblique ( Lign 8,9,11
7752	"Very Nice studio flat in Haussmannien building close to ""Les Grands Boulevards, ""République"" and ""La Marais"" All amenities nearby, and very good transport connections with République tube station at less than 2 minutes walk. The flat comprise one large room fitted with a double bed, one high end designed bathroom and kitchenette in (website hidden) + internet WIFI. All linens and towels provided. "	"Nice and bright Studio Flat close to République and Le Marais. Tubes stations and all commodities nearby. The flat consists in a large room (with dinning area, tv, and double bed), a bathroom and a kitchnette in entrance. Towels, linens provided. Very Nice studio flat in Haussmannien building close to ""Les Grands Boulevards, ""République"" and ""La Marais"" All amenities nearby, and very good transport connections with République tube station at less than 2 minutes walk. The flat comprise one large room fitted with a double bed, one high end designed bathroom and kitchenette in (website hidden) + internet WIFI. All linens and towels provided. "
7753	L'appartement est une ancienne boutique en rez-de-chaussée qui lui donne un charme ancien mais unique.	Little room in a charming appartment, close from Canal Saint Martin and close from the heart of Paris. The room has a single bed which can be transformed into double bed. There is a private shower at the bottom of the room.
7754	Joli 3 pièces, spacieux, 70m2, lumineux. Chaque chambre à sa salle de bain avec baignoire. La grande chambre comporte une  mezzanine de 8m2, très lumineuse.  Le salon avec possibilité de 2 couchages d'appoint est tout équipé: TV, bureau, table basse et table de repas.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et il y a un lave linge, un lave vaisselle, four, plaque, micro onde, grand frigo… tout pour se cuisiner de bons petits plats.	Appartement à 2 pas de la Gare de l'est et de la Gare du Nord, idéal pour 6 personnes (voir 7 personnes car il y a un couchage d'appoint). Calme, 2 chambres sur cours, 2 salles de bain, lumineux, tout équipé. Joli 3 pièces, spacieux, 70m2, lumineux. Chaque chambre à sa salle de bain avec baignoire. La grande chambre comporte une  mezzanine de 8m2, très lumineuse.  Le salon avec possibilité de 2 couchages d'appoint est tout équipé: TV, bureau, table basse et table de repas.  La cuisine est ouverte sur le salon et il y a un lave linge, un lave vaisselle, four, plaque, micro onde, grand frigo… tout pour se cuisiner de bons petits plats. Le logement est à 2 pas de la Gare de l'Est et de la Gare du Nord.  A 15mn à pied des Galeries Lafayette, Opéra, Bastille, Canal St Martin …. Une personne vous recevra et vous expliquera le quartier, les commerces et si besoin vous répondre pendant votre séjour. Proche du Canal St Martin avec une multitude de petits restaurants, bars, brasseries forts symp
7755	Balcony for a dinner in front a the lovely rue Sainte Marthe Video-projector with access to TV and web	Separate bedroom, living room and kitchen, lovely little flat near the Canal St. Martin. Balcony for a dinner in front a the lovely rue Sainte Marthe Video-projector with access to TV and web 6th floor, no elevator... Place Sainte Marthe for a brunch Canal Saint Martin for a romantic walk Belleville for the Chinese restaurants Metro Line 2 (Place du Colonel Fabien) or 11 (Goncourt)
7756	Studio 16 m2 entièrement refait à neuf dans un esprit épuré et moderne avec coin cuisine équipé de frigidaire / congélateur , four et plaque induction.  Sofa convertible de très bonne qualité. Internet haut débit et chaîne de télé cablé. Espace de rangement . Serviettes , shampoing , sèche cheveux sont à dispositions.	Functional studio 16 m2 Bright and quiet , 4 th floor, just renovated, perfectly located right on  canal st Martin .  Internet access and TV cable, cooking equipment, towels provided. Check in & out can be discussed . Really cool area full of shops , bars , restaurants . 5 min from gare de l' est.  10 mins from gare du nord.  Metro line 7 or 5 at 3 min by walking.
7757	"TOUJOURS M'ENVOYER UN MESSAGE ET ATTENDRE MA RÉPONSE AVANT DE FAIRE UNE DEMANDE DE RÉSERVATION !!! attention appartement pour des familles respecter le lieu est le plus important ;o) attention me laisser les bonnes informations iban / bic si vous laissez la caution en espece afin que je puisse vous rendre la caution ! non fumeur a l interieur mais a l exterieur arrivée possible autour de midi .. jusqu'a 18h maximum des penalites pourront vous etre demander pour le retard depart demandé vers 10h du matin jusqu'à midi maximum .. à voir lors de la réservation Appartement idéal à Paris, apprécié et RECOMMANDE de façon internationnale : anglais, irlandais, argentins, allemands, suisses, belges mais aussi français  bienvenu dans ce ""souplex"" situé au rez de chaussée sur cour fleurie....  n'hésitez pas à lire les différents commentaires laissés par les autres locataires ;o) la pièce a vivre a entièrement été redécorée .. 30 m2 pour vous recevoir .... Cet appartement de 70 m2 est composé ... u"	"Welcome to my home! TOUJOURS M'ENVOYER UN MESSAGE ET ATTENDRE MA RÉPONSE AVANT DE FAIRE UNE DEMANDE DE RÉSERVATION !!! attention appartement pour des familles respecter le lieu est le plus important ;o) attention me laisser les bonnes informations iban / bic si vous laissez la caution en espece afin que je puisse vous rendre la caution ! non fumeur a l interieur mais a l exterieur arrivée possible autour de midi .. jusqu'a 18h maximum des penalites pourront vous etre demander pour le retard depart demandé vers 10h du matin jusqu'à midi maximum .. à voir lors de la réservation Appartement idéal à Paris, apprécié et RECOMMANDE de façon internationnale : anglais, irlandais, argentins, allemands, suisses, belges mais aussi français  bienvenu dans ce ""souplex"" situé au rez de chaussée sur cour fleurie....  n'hésitez pas à lire les différents commentaires laissés par les autres locataires ;o) la pièce a vivre a entièrement été redécorée .. 30 m2 pour vous recevoir .... Cet appartement de 70 "
7758	This double room is quiet, bright and with a nice opened view	Placed on one of the best spots in Paris, next to the Canal St Martin and Bohemian scene. You are in one of the most beautiful place in Paris so a great area to make photos. You only have 3 stations to go to Marais area/Georges Pompidou and 1 more st
7759		Studio de 21 m² - 2 fenêtres - vue sur ciel. Entre canal St-Martin et boulevard de Belleville. Metro Colonel Fabien (sur ligne 2). Fibre optique.
7760	Last floor, sunny, bright, cosy, warm	Have you ever dream of spending a couple of days in a typical Parisian flat ? The Flat of my Girlfriend and I is for you. Located in the very center of Paris, our Home is bright, clean, cosy and confortable. Perfect for couples :)      
7761	"It's in one of the trendiest areas of Paris. Close to Canal Saint-Martin with its lovely bars, restaurants and boutiques! Whatever your daily needs may be, you'll find it just around the corner: supermarkets, grocery stores, flea markets, butcheries, bakeries, pharmacies, banks, public swimming pool, hospital, chinese stores etc. Métro station ""Goncourt"" is just  about 100m away. Métro stations ""Belleville"" (2nd China Town in Paris) and ""Republique"" (important central point) are in walking distance.  There's one bedroom with a comfortable double bed. The other room can either be your second bedroom (the couch becomes a single or double bed) or just a ""bureau"". It's got a nice writing table and a cheminée in it. The couch in the living room can also become a double bed. But I think, my flat is too small for 6 people. But contact me, if you'ld like to come in a group of 5 or 6. In the kitchen you'll find a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher and a washing machine. WIFI available & free call"	"It's in one of the trendiest areas of Paris. Close to Canal Saint-Martin with its lovely bars, restaurants and boutiques! Whatever your daily needs may be, you'll find it just around the corner: supermarkets, grocery stores, flea markets, butcheries, bakeries, pharmacies, banks, public swimming pool, hospital, chinese stores etc. Métro station ""Goncourt"" is just  about 100m away. Métro stations ""Belleville"" (2nd China Town in Paris) and ""Republique"" (important central point) are in walking distance.  There's one bedroom with a comfortable double bed. The other room can either be your second bedroom (the couch becomes a single or double bed) or just a ""bureau"". It's got a nice writing table and a cheminée in it. The couch in the living room can also become a double bed. But I think, my flat is too small for 6 people. But contact me, if you'ld like to come in a group of 5 or 6. In the kitchen you'll find a microwave, an oven, a dishwasher and a washing machine. WIFI available & free call"
7762	Chambre individuelle meublée dans un appartement de 50m2. Susceptible d'accueillir une ou deux personnes (un lit double).  L'appartement se situe au centre de Paris dans le 10e arrondissement, à deux minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards, entre République et Opéra. Le quartier est très vivant (nombreux commerces, cafés, théâtres, cinémas...) et très bien desservi en transport en commun. Une précision : l'appartement est au 6e étage, sans ascenseur ;)   	Chambre individuelle meublée dans un appartement de 40m2. Susceptible d'accueillir une ou deux personnes (un lit double).  L'appartement se situe au centre de Paris dans le 10e arrondissement, à deux minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards, entre République et Opéra. Le quartier est très vivant (nombreux commerces, cafés, théâtres, cinémas...) et très bien desservi en transport en commun. Une précision : l'appartement est au 6e étage, sans ascenseur ;)   
7763	The view to the Canal and the sun during the morning. Lift and intercom.  Fully equiped kitchen, a bathtub ideal to have a relaxing moment after a long walk, a dorm-room with a super comfy matress and a living-room with a big sofa bed. 	"        One bedroom flat in the 6th floor with lift and a charming view to the St. Martin channel! Suitable for four people and easy to access the main tourist attractions. Young and bohemian neighborhood, to live like a ""real parisian"".       The view to the Canal and the sun during the morning. Lift and intercom.  Fully equiped kitchen, a bathtub ideal to have a relaxing moment after a long walk, a dorm-room with a super comfy matress and a living-room with a big sofa bed. You can access to all facilities on the kitchen. Towels at your disposal. I let you my flat for some nights but I will be always available if you need any advice or if you get lost in town ;). I'm been a parisien for 6 years and I'll be pleased to give you the information you need. I love to travel and I appreciate when somebody help me. The culture and ages mix and also the arty touch make this neighborhood unique in Paris. Ligne 7 (rose) métro Louis Blanc. Ligne 2 (bleue) métro Jaurès. Ligne 5 (orange) métro Jaur"
7764	La hauteur de plafond donne un volume incroyable à cet appartement en duplex.	Charmant appartement de 55 m², proche du métro, les 2 chambres (1 lit 2 places et 2 lits 1 place) donnent sur un séjour avec cuisine américaine, doté d'un très beau volume, lumineux et calme au 5eme étage avec ascenseur. La hauteur de plafond donne un volume incroyable à cet appartement en duplex. Proche  métro ligne 7, 2, 5 et  4. Canal Saint Martin Gare de l'Est, gare du Nord Selon les dates, le nombre de voyageurs et leur souhait je peux être présente et partager des moments conviviaux. La tranquillité, le charme et les terrasses du Canal Saint Martin. Les commerces et les ballades. Par le métro lignes 7, 2, 5 ou 4. Le bus lignes 26, 54 ou 47. Le RER lignes B, D ou E.  Le train gare de l'Est ou gare du Nord. Tout l'appartement est ouvert : les chambres sont séparés mais donnent sur le séjour. Une chambre est composée d'un lit 2 places. L'autre chambre est composée de 2 lits 1 place.
7765	The rooms in this appartment are large and it's easy to circulate in this hausmanien flat. There's a large entrance with  a piano, a big kitchen very well equipped (washing machine for clothes and dishes, oven, microwave... You will be allowed to borrow everything you need (pan, dishes, plates...) as soon as you put it back afterwards. The parental bedroom communicates with the living room, but can be closed. The living room is large, with two sofas, a good hi-fi, a big television. The children room is nice, with two superimposed beds. The bathroom is nice, with a bathtub. Toilets are separated.	Beautiful large hausmannian appartment, light and very open with moldings and parquet, colored and full of life : many books, CD's, DVD's, a piano and children games to be used by a family. Very central, very well connected, 5' from the Gare du Nord. The rooms in this appartment are large and it's easy to circulate in this hausmanien flat. There's a large entrance with  a piano, a big kitchen very well equipped (washing machine for clothes and dishes, oven, microwave... You will be allowed to borrow everything you need (pan, dishes, plates...) as soon as you put it back afterwards. The parental bedroom communicates with the living room, but can be closed. The living room is large, with two sofas, a good hi-fi, a big television. The children room is nice, with two superimposed beds. The bathroom is nice, with a bathtub. Toilets are separated. I speak english and can be reached by phone if necessary, as I'll be somewhere in France when you'll be at home. Prisca who will welcome you and g
7766	You'll have trouble leaving the bed, but even if this happens, you'll enjoy the view on the roofs and the sun shining through the window facing south, while drinking freshly brewed coffee.	"This studio, under the parisian eaves, is far from the city noise and doesn't share a wall with anyone. The main space is spacious with a big 2,10m (7ft) round bed to rest, vintage furniture and fully-equipped kitchen, w/ coffee machine w/ grinder. You'll have trouble leaving the bed, but even if this happens, you'll enjoy the view on the roofs and the sun shining through the window facing south, while drinking freshly brewed coffee. At the end of the courtyard, take the elevator, last floor, look for the door with a Grolsh sign, there you are ! I was born in Paris and still live here and i can advise you about nice places to go out, museums and expositions that i've seen, and areas to visit in bike or walking, parcs... The area is very lively and cosmopolitan, in the middle of hipsters, ""bourgeois-bohèmes"", indians, africans, mauricians, you'll be spoilt for choice for moods and restaurants, and the street is very animated at night with lots of bars. iances et des restaurants, et le b"
7767		Renting of studio, at Republic Square, center of Paris: 5 min of Châtelet, 10 min of Champs Elysés, 15 min of Montmartre … by underground. The studio is all furnished with internet, sofa bed, washing machine, fridge, oven,toaster ...
7768	15 m2 studio with kitchenette, private toilet and WIFI, very quiet, bright and sunny, well-heated and equipped with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris with the Saint Vincent de Paul Church and the Sacré Coeur . A covered market ans several supermarkets are situated in the street.	This pretty small studio located in the 10th has it all ! In a quiet street and close to everything , this property room has a small terrace overlooking the rooftops of Paris . Student, tourist ... it is for you! 15 m2 studio with kitchenette, private toilet and WIFI, very quiet, bright and sunny, well-heated and equipped with a beautiful view over the rooftops of Paris with the Saint Vincent de Paul Church and the Sacré Coeur . A covered market ans several supermarkets are situated in the street. Tenants have access to the private terrace of the studio and the local bike. Obviously, we are listening to our tenants. Do not hesitate in case of problems The 10th arrondissement of Paris is lively, dynamic mainly with the Canal Saint Martin with many restaurants , bars and markets. But also the Grands Boulevards, with its trendy nightlife. Close to the Poissonnière (line 7) stations , Gare de l'Est (line 7 ; 4; 5) by 2 min walk and Bonne Nouvelle ( line 8 ; 9) Gare du Nord ( line 5 , 4, RE
7769	My appt is located downtown, you can even go by walk to the Opera, the Chatelet or les Galeries Lafayette. It is a sunny and quiet appartement, and has a great view on Parisian rooftops...	I would be happy to welcome you in my 54m2 cosy and lightly appt located downtown, very close to the Grands Boulevards (Galeries Lafayette, etc.), the Opera, Le Sentier and its outside markets.  You can also enjoy bars, cafés and shops around. My appt is located downtown, you can even go by walk to the Opera, the Chatelet or les Galeries Lafayette. It is a sunny and quiet appartement, and has a great view on Parisian rooftops... You will have access to my entire appt, with wifi, towels, sheets, coffee, tea... Everything you need to feel like home ;) I tell my guests how to get from the airport/train station to my place with precise and detailled information. The neighborhood is super nice, close to bars, outside markets, the Opera... There is a metro station right in front of my appartment (line 4, 8 and 9).
7770	Appartement très lumineux au 3ème étage, idéalement placé, proche métro et commerces (métro Stalingrad : ligne 2, 5 et 7).  Entrée, cuisine avec petite table pour 2 ou 3 personnes (équipée avec lave vaisselle, lave linge), salle de bain (douche) et wc séparés, salon avec canapé lit 160cm pour 2 personnes (livres, DVDs, vidéo projecteur et wifi à disposition), chambre avec lit double (140 cm) très confortable, la 3ème pièce fait office de bureau. L'appartement est situé dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris (quartier nord est), à deux pas du Canal de l'Ourcq et du Canal Saint-Martin. Il y a beaucoup de cafés très sympas et des restos dans le quartier. C'est un quartier à la fois populaire et familiale. A 10 minutes à pied se trouve le parc de la Villette (Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, cité de la Musique, festivals et salle de théâtre), pleins d'activités pour les enfants. A 15 minutes à pied du Parc des Buttes Chaumont (3 stations en métro).  Métro direct (3 stations) jusqu'à Mon	Joli appartement de 3 pièces (43 m2), très lumineux et confortable. Situé au début de la rue de Tanger à coté de la station de métro Stalingrad (ligne 2, 5 et 7). A deux pas du canal, proche des Buttes Chaumont et de Montmartre (Sacré Coeur). Appartement très lumineux au 3ème étage, idéalement placé, proche métro et commerces (métro Stalingrad : ligne 2, 5 et 7).  Entrée, cuisine avec petite table pour 2 ou 3 personnes (équipée avec lave vaisselle, lave linge), salle de bain (douche) et wc séparés, salon avec canapé lit 160cm pour 2 personnes (livres, DVDs, vidéo projecteur et wifi à disposition), chambre avec lit double (140 cm) très confortable, la 3ème pièce fait office de bureau. L'appartement est situé dans le 19ème arrondissement de Paris (quartier nord est), à deux pas du Canal de l'Ourcq et du Canal Saint-Martin. Il y a beaucoup de cafés très sympas et des restos dans le quartier. C'est un quartier à la fois populaire et familiale. A 10 minutes à pied se trouve le parc de la Vi
7771	We welcome you (ourselves) in our charming fully renovated studio. Apartment in the heart of Paris. Very quiet courtyard on the 4th floor,  NO LIFT. Building with concierge and access code.  Kitchen: refrigerator, microwave, ceramic hob, Nespresso machine, toaster, kettle... Access to laundry: washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board. The bathroom with shower, towels and hair dryers. Sheets and duvet for 2 beds and towels are provided. Electric heating. Wifi.	"Studio 26m2 quiet, sunny courtyard. Floor 4 no lift. A large living room, bed for 2 p. & Meridian for 1 p. Wifi. Separate fully equipped kitchen. Bathroom with shower. Washer & dryer. Near Gare de l'Est & Nord, St-Martin canal, Beaubourg museum. We welcome you (ourselves) in our charming fully renovated studio. Apartment in the heart of Paris. Very quiet courtyard on the 4th floor,  NO LIFT. Building with concierge and access code.  Kitchen: refrigerator, microwave, ceramic hob, Nespresso machine, toaster, kettle... Access to laundry: washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board. The bathroom with shower, towels and hair dryers. Sheets and duvet for 2 beds and towels are provided. Electric heating. Wifi. To 200 m, Subway station: Strasbourg Saint-Denis (line: 4/8/9) exit side ""Porte Saint-Martin"" We operate on the basis of mutual trust and we treat our customers as friends. We live in the apartment next door and we will be there to receive our guests and their present our neighborhoo"
7772	This peaceful street near Montorgueil and the Halles offers a charming setting. All main transportations are accessible and numerous walks are possible. Made for four people, this peaceful studio is tastefully decorated and has good equipment. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator of an old building very well-maintained. It has a secured access. The flat overlooks the street. The space was perfectly designed to be a comfortable studio for four people. The light and the beamed ceilings bring warmth to the space.  The contemporary design fits perfectly to the old setting of the studio. The space was perfectly designed to be a comfortable studio for four people. The light and the beamed ceilings bring warmth to the space.  The contemporary design fits perfectly to the old setting of the studio. The entrance is a corridor leading to the main room that consists of a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table, several storage cabinets, as well as a fully equipped open plan kitchen 	This peaceful street near Montorgueil and the Halles offers a charming setting. All main transportations are accessible and numerous walks are possible. Made for four people, this peaceful studio is tastefully decorated and has good equipment. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator of an old building very well-maintained. It has a secured access. The flat overlooks the street. The space was perfectly designed to be a comfortable studio for four people. The light and the beamed ceilings bring warmth to the space.  The contemporary design fits perfectly to the old setting of the studio. The space was perfectly designed to be a comfortable studio for four people. The light and the beamed ceilings bring warmth to the space.  The contemporary design fits perfectly to the old setting of the studio. The entrance is a corridor leading to the main room that consists of a 140 cm sofa bed, a dining table, several storage cabinets, as well as a fully equipped open plan kitchen 
7773	Studio idéalement situé au coeur du canal et de ses écluses: romantique et branché, ce quartier autrefois populaire avec ses ateliers, est aujourd'hui animé par de nombreuses manifestations artistiques et de design. Tous commerces, restos, cafés à proximité (Le Valmy, Chez Prune, L'Hotel du Nord...). Au 6e étage sans ascenceur d'un immeuble bourgeois ancien, le studio a une douche,évier et kitchenette  (WC privés en face de la chambre). Vélib au pied de l'immeuble, parc Villemin à 100m. Métro: gare de l'Est ou Jacques Bonsergent.	quartier plein de charme, animé et très prisé pour sortir, picnic, culture... Probably the best area of Paris Velib au pied de l'immeuble, metro gare de l'Est, Jacques Bonsergent, bus
7774	ENJOY A REAL TWO ROOM FLAT IN A PRIVATE COURTYARD, IN THE HEART OF PARIS I live in a fantastic area in Paris : popular, trendy, lively, and with very good transportation links. Located in a private street, full of history, the flat is on the second floor of my mews house with it’s private entrance. In this privileged place, this true two room flat of 38 square meters has been ideally fitted out to welcome you with all the necessary comfort to optimize your Parisian stay. Freshly decorated and bright, it has the typical French charm that shall make you feel immediately at home (exposed beams, stone floor in slate, flooring). It is also very quiet, which means you might hear the birds singing in the morning or late afternoon, even though you are so close to transportation and the animated neighbourhood. The flat faces two private and planted gardens. The main room offers a desk corner in the entrance, a lounge place with a sofa bed suitable for two, a dining area, and a totally equipped 	ENJOY A REAL TWO ROOM FLAT IN A PRIVATE COURTYARD, IN THE HEART OF PARIS I live in a fantastic area in Paris : popular, trendy, lively, and with very good transportation links. Located in a private street, full of history, the flat is on the second floor of my mews house with it’s private entrance. In this privileged place, this true two room flat of 38 square meters has been ideally fitted out to welcome you with all the necessary comfort to optimize your Parisian stay. Freshly decorated and bright, it has the typical French charm that shall make you feel immediately at home (exposed beams, stone floor in slate, flooring). It is also very quiet, which means you might hear the birds singing in the morning or late afternoon, even though you are so close to transportation and the animated neighbourhood. The flat faces two private and planted gardens. The main room offers a desk corner in the entrance, a lounge place with a sofa bed suitable for two, a dining area, and a totally equipped 
7775	The apartment is very charming and very sunny. It is fully equipped. There are two bedrooms, one is for a baby. There is a sofa is the living room.	"It has been completely refurbished in 2008. The apartment is very pleasant and very sunny. A large balcony allows you to enjoy the sun and double glazing makes the apartment very quiet at night. The apartment is very charming and very sunny. It is fully equipped. There are two bedrooms, one is for a baby. There is a sofa is the living room. The whole apartment is accessible. The apartment is located in a lively neighborhood, with the center of Paris at less than 5 minutes. The flat is located at less than 3 minutes from the subway station ""Bonne Nouvelle"" (lines 8 and 9). Buses 20, 39 and 48 also allow easy access to the apartment."
7776	The flat is very sunny and welcoming. Ideal for for a couple: reversible double-bed, functional bathroom, washing machine, furnished kitchen with machine coffee, micro-wave, dishes and cooking material.	In the lovely neighbourhood of Belleville, just a 5-min walk from the Canal Saint Martin and its attractions, this lovely flat will be ideal for your parisian getaways. The flat is very sunny and welcoming. Ideal for for a couple: reversible double-bed, functional bathroom, washing machine, furnished kitchen with machine coffee, micro-wave, dishes and cooking material. Full access to apt + TV & free internet. I'm available all day to answer your queries / questions, feel free to get in touch! The apartment is located in the lively neighbourhood of Belleville (10th arrondissement), just a few meters from the lovely Place Sainte Marthe and a 5-min walk from the Canal Saint Martin. The area is very animated and offers a high concentration of bars / cafes / restaurants, and theatres (near Republique / Strasbourg Saint Denis). Do not hesitate to ask my list of addresses ;-) Closest metro stations: - Belleville (line 2 and 11) - Colonel Fabien (line 2) - Goncourt (line 11)
7777	10구에 위치한 프랑스식 건물의 아파트로, 한국식 2층(엘레베이터 포함)이며, 집에서 걸어서 5분거리에 Jacques-bonsergent, Gare de l'est역, 10분 내외에 Republique역이 있습니다. (동역,북역 및 생라자르 역에서 타지역 이동시 용이) 걸어서 2-30분이면 마레지구로 갈 수 있구요, 바스티유도 가깝습니다. 입구에 디지코드도 장착되있고, 한국식 2층이라 걸어서도 편안하고 엘레베이터도 있어 짐이 많이신경우 운반도 편안히 할 수 있으십니다 :-)	10구에 위치한 프랑스식 건물의 아파트로, 한국식 2층(엘레베이터 포함)이며, 집에서 걸어서 5분거리에 Jacques-bonsergent, Gare de l'est역, 10분 내외에 Republique역이 있습니다. (동역,북역 및 생라자르 역에서 타지역 이동시 용이) 걸어서 2-30분이면 마레지구로 갈 수 있구요, 바스티유도 가깝습니다.  *방에 슈퍼 싱글침대와 옷장, 선반, 책상, 의자, 거울 등등이 있고 혼자 생활하시기에 충분!합니다. 10구에 위치한 프랑스식 건물의 아파트로, 한국식 2층(엘레베이터 포함)이며, 집에서 걸어서 5분거리에 Jacques-bonsergent, Gare de l'est역, 10분 내외에 Republique역이 있습니다. (동역,북역 및 생라자르 역에서 타지역 이동시 용이) 걸어서 2-30분이면 마레지구로 갈 수 있구요, 바스티유도 가깝습니다. 입구에 디지코드도 장착되있고, 한국식 2층이라 걸어서도 편안하고 엘레베이터도 있어 짐이 많이신경우 운반도 편안히 할 수 있으십니다 :-) 방에 슈퍼 싱글침대와 옷장, 선반, 책상, 의자, 거울 등등이 있고 혼자 생활하시기에 충분!합니다. 집안에는 생활에 필요한 모든것(식기용품, 밥솥, 인터넷, 청소기, 세탁기, 다리미, 냉장고, 욕조, 샤워부스)이 거의 갖춰져 있어요. 저 또한 이 집에서 10분 거리에 있는 집에서 지내는 중이라 필요한점이 있으시면 언제든지 연락 가능하십니다 :) 혹여 택시를 타게되셔도 기사님들이 금방 찾아주시고요, 개인적으로 파리에서 제일 좋아하는 곳인 꺄날 생마르땅과 5분거리인 것이 큰 장점중 하나라고 생각합니다. :) 빠리의 젊은 구역, 힙스터 보보 10구에서 파리지엔의 여름의 만끽해보시길 바랍니다! 큰 대로변에 위치하였고, 파리 투어버스가 지나다닐 만큼 안전하고 밝은 곳에 위치했습니다. 일분거리에 슈퍼마켓과 냉동식품점, 은행 등이 (website hidden) 20대 초중반의 여학생 4명과 같이 쉐어하는 아파트이고, 각자 방 외에 부엌, 욕실, 거실(식탁 위치함),
7778	Please before reading, note that long term booking (more than 2 weeks) are only for 1 person. In a beautiful apartment located in a secured and quiet residence, I propose you a comfortable room with direct access on a large balcony where you can eat and enjoy drinks after long days of exploration. In a central and lively neighborhood, it is the perfect location to discover Paris! You will be staying in one of my two rooms with a comfortable bed for 2, just next to the bathroom and with direct access to the balcony. You will have access to the fully equiped kitchen, the bathroom and also the balcony which you can use at any time. I really like cozy atmospheres and try to make my apartment as comfortable as possible. I would like you to feel at home as soon as you get there! Bed linen and towels are provided. Breakfast is also provided. If you are there during the week, I'll get you the best bread in Paris (the  bakery is sadly closed during the weekend). If you like cats, you will be a 	With the Canal St Martin at your feet, you will really enjoy the location of the apartment (5 min walk to République) and the quietness of the room that has its own access to the balcony. Please before reading, note that long term booking (more than 2 weeks) are only for 1 person. In a beautiful apartment located in a secured and quiet residence, I propose you a comfortable room with direct access on a large balcony where you can eat and enjoy drinks after long days of exploration. In a central and lively neighborhood, it is the perfect location to discover Paris! You will be staying in one of my two rooms with a comfortable bed for 2, just next to the bathroom and with direct access to the balcony. You will have access to the fully equiped kitchen, the bathroom and also the balcony which you can use at any time. I really like cozy atmospheres and try to make my apartment as comfortable as possible. I would like you to feel at home as soon as you get there! Bed linen and towels are pro
7779	Quiet and sunny appartment. Thank to its amazing location, the Canal Saint Martin is just a couple of steps away... The appartment is close to all commodities, supermarkets... It is located close to the famous Place de la République and a 5 min. walk to the subway. You can walk anywhere and a velib station is just downstairs. The appartment is fully refurbished and equipped with a washing machine and a vast range of kitchen appliances (including a dishwasher). A parking spot is also available if necessary.	"Available from July 6 to August 23.  Beautiful appartment quiet and sunny located in the 10th, close to the Canal St Martin. 3BR fully refurbished with all amenities and 2 balconies. Ideal for a family and a typical ""parisian"" stay... Quiet and sunny appartment. Thank to its amazing location, the Canal Saint Martin is just a couple of steps away... The appartment is close to all commodities, supermarkets... It is located close to the famous Place de la République and a 5 min. walk to the subway. You can walk anywhere and a velib station is just downstairs. The appartment is fully refurbished and equipped with a washing machine and a vast range of kitchen appliances (including a dishwasher). A parking spot is also available if necessary. The appartment has two televisions (one in the leaving room and one in the master bedroom). It is equipped with cable, broadband internet, wi-fi... The kitchen has all appliances: oven, microwave, fridge, freezer and a state-of-the-art expresson machine"
7780	Charmant appartement, situé au cœur du quartier historique, le MARAIS. Idéalement desservi, à deux pas du métro, et de nombreuses stations de bus. Parfaitement aménagé, il contient tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un séjour inoubliable à Paris : connexion WIFI, lave-linge, plaques de cuisson,::: Il peut accueillir quatre personnes : un lit double dans une chambre, au calme, sur une rue très calme, et canapé-lit confortable pour deux personnes dans le séjour. Il se situe au 6e étage avec l'ascenseur jusqu'au 5e. 2 pièces sur la rue la plus calme de Paris, Marais Quartier historique le Marais	Charmant appartement, situé au cœur du quartier historique, le MARAIS, à deux pas du musée Picasso Charmant appartement, situé au cœur du quartier historique, le MARAIS. Idéalement desservi, à deux pas du métro, et de nombreuses stations de bus. Parfaitement aménagé, il contient tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un séjour inoubliable à Paris : connexion WIFI, lave-linge, plaques de cuisson,::: Il peut accueillir quatre personnes : un lit double dans une chambre, au calme, sur une rue très calme, et canapé-lit confortable pour deux personnes dans le séjour. Il se situe au 6e étage avec l'ascenseur jusqu'au 5e. 2 pièces sur la rue la plus calme de Paris, Marais Quartier historique le Marais 2 pièces sur la rue la plus calme de Paris, Marais Quartier historique le Marais
7781		Ideal for couple or close friends in the heart of the wonderful canal saint martin zone. Well served by transports (line 5, 4, 7, 2) and surrounded by everything you could need (restaurants, shops, bars ect). Very quiet street and very close to the canal st martin
7782	Very nice 3 rooms flat, separate kitchen, bathroom with bath, washing machine, wifi, piano, 3 beds, quiet, cool. In a very attractive area, with restaurants and so, very near canal Saint Martin, 10 mn of Beaubourg and the river. 20 meters of the tube station, and bike station, 300 meters of Gare de l'Est. Available week-ends and vacations : october 19th-november 4th, december 20- january 5th, february 14th 2014- march 2nd, april 11th-april 27th, july 5th-september 1st. 	Very nice 3 rooms flat, separate kitchen, bathroom with bath, washing machine, wifi, piano, 3 beds, quiet, cool. In a very attractive area, with restaurants and so, very near canal Saint Martin, 10 mn of Beaubourg and the river. 20 meters of the tube station, and bike station, 300 meters of Gare de l'Est. Available week-ends and vacations : october 19th-november 4th, december 20- january 5th, february 14th 2014- march 2nd, april 11th-april 27th, july 5th-september 1st. 
7783		Un appartement de 60m2 avec deux chambres et un grand salon (deux canapés convertibles).
7784	L'appartement est un ancien atelier réhabilité; il est très calme. Il est situé idéalement pour les transports. ATTENTION: suite à une voyageuse mécontente, veuillez noter que l'appartement convient parfaitement à un couple avec enfant(s) comme nous-même, ou à des jeunes gens. Les personnes âgées ou à mobilité réduite risquent de ne pas s'y sentir à l'aise. D'autre part, nous habitons dans cet appartement: ne vous attendez pas à trouver des armoires vides, des penderies etc. Je libère 2 étagères du frigo automatiquement. La chambre parentale n'est pas grande (c'est Paris...), je peux vous libérer de l'espace dans le placard à chaussures et à côté pour vos valises, à votre demande.	Entre Gare de l'Est et du Nord,  idéal tous transports, proche Canal Saint-Martin, bel immeuble, appartement en RDC sur jolie cour, très calme, grande pièce à vivre agréable. 2 chambres, 2 SDB. 2 lits doubles dont un en mezzanine. L'appartement est un ancien atelier réhabilité; il est très calme. Il est situé idéalement pour les transports. ATTENTION: suite à une voyageuse mécontente, veuillez noter que l'appartement convient parfaitement à un couple avec enfant(s) comme nous-même, ou à des jeunes gens. Les personnes âgées ou à mobilité réduite risquent de ne pas s'y sentir à l'aise. D'autre part, nous habitons dans cet appartement: ne vous attendez pas à trouver des armoires vides, des penderies etc. Je libère 2 étagères du frigo automatiquement. La chambre parentale n'est pas grande (c'est Paris...), je peux vous libérer de l'espace dans le placard à chaussures et à côté pour vos valises, à votre demande. Tout l'appartement est en libre accès SAUF LE DRESSING DERRIERE LA CHAMBRE PARE
7785		The apartment is very well located by the Canal St Martin (Paris 10e, Métro République). It is surrounded by coffee shops, nice restaurants and cool bar.  The apt is a 2 bedroom, one room being occupied by a nice flatmate. Living room with TV, WIFI.
7786		TRÈS CLAIR SANS VIS A VIS 3 FENÊTRES 2 DONNANT SUR BOULEVARD .FRIGIDAIRE MICRO ONDES GRILLE PAIN BOUILLOIRES VAISSELLE.QUARTIER TRÈS AGRÉABLE MÉTRO BUS.PRES DU CANAL ST MARTIN GARES DU NORD EST RÉPUBLIQUE
7787	Bright and spacious 64 m2 apartment with 3 big windows on a Parisian planted balcony in a typical Parisian building.    35m2 living room with open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, one full bath with tub, and separate toilet.  Sunny and quiet, although in a hype neighborhood with everything conveniently nearby ( stores, subways,.....).  5th floor, no elevator but easy steps. 2 steps from Canal St Martin and Bassin de la Villette,  10 mn walk from the North Station.   	Apartment of 64m ² located 5th floor and decorated + a flowered balcony. Great main room of 35m ² with US kitchen, old parquet floor, 3 French windows on balcony. Clearly, luminous. 2 rooms on courtvery quiet  and sunny. Separate bathroom and WC. Bright and spacious 64 m2 apartment with 3 big windows on a Parisian planted balcony in a typical Parisian building.    35m2 living room with open kitchen, 2 bedrooms, one full bath with tub, and separate toilet.  Sunny and quiet, although in a hype neighborhood with everything conveniently nearby ( stores, subways,.....).  5th floor, no elevator but easy steps. 2 steps from Canal St Martin and Bassin de la Villette,  10 mn walk from the North Station.   
7788	Full of artistic vibes, this apartment with a view over rooftops offers calm and convenience in one of Paris’s most exciting location. Enjoy the capital at the creative & authentic heart of it.   Situated 50 meters away from one of the best kept secret in Paris: Place Sainte Marthe. Also bordering the charming Canal St Martin, the never sleeping Menilmontant area, the Multicultural Belleville and the amazing Butte Chaumont park.  The 40 sqm/2 rooms apartment is located on the eight and last floor (elevator) of a modern building.  It sleeps 4 peoples, with one bedroom and a sofa bed in the spacious living room that opens on loft style kitchen. What better way to enjoy an aperitif and have your breakfast than on this 8th&last floor balcony. (An amazing full view over Paris is also reachable in the building) Relax and feel the artistic&boheme vibes that run through this cosy apartment before visiting the  capital’s major attractions reachable within 10-30 minutes or enjoy perfect food & a	    Fully-equipped 2 rooms apartment in the heart of Paris, 10th district Canal St Martin/Ste Marthe/Belleville. Eight & last floor balcony with view on Parisian Rooftops.  Sight seeing, chilling out, enjoy french bars and restaurants!    Full of artistic vibes, this apartment with a view over rooftops offers calm and convenience in one of Paris’s most exciting location. Enjoy the capital at the creative & authentic heart of it.   Situated 50 meters away from one of the best kept secret in Paris: Place Sainte Marthe. Also bordering the charming Canal St Martin, the never sleeping Menilmontant area, the Multicultural Belleville and the amazing Butte Chaumont park.  The 40 sqm/2 rooms apartment is located on the eight and last floor (elevator) of a modern building.  It sleeps 4 peoples, with one bedroom and a sofa bed in the spacious living room that opens on loft style kitchen. What better way to enjoy an aperitif and have your breakfast than on this 8th&last floor balcony. (An amazing 
7789	Mon appartement de 45m2 est situé au deuxième étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes : - Une chambre sur cour très calme avec un lit deux places (futon) - Une salle de bain lumineuse - WC séparé - Une cuisine ouverte bien équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaques électriques, grand réfrigérateur) - Un grand salon avec une table à manger, un canapé et un ordinateur avec accès internet wifi Des serviettes et draps de lit vous sont fournis pour le séjour. **** 45m2 charming flat in the hearth of Paris. In a 19th century parisian building, at the 2nd floor, my apartment can accommodate two persons : - One quiet bedroom with one double sized futon bed - One shiny bathroom fitted with a tub - A separate toilet - The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, a fridge, a cooktop, an oven and all cooking utensils necessary.  - A huge living room with a computer and internet wifi.  One set of towels and bed linens are provided during your visit.	Appartement de 45m2 situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien. Son emplacement est idéal : vous pouvez rejoindre le centre de Paris, les gares et les aéroports en quelques minutes à peine ! Mon appartement de 45m2 est situé au deuxième étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien. Il peut accueillir 2 personnes : - Une chambre sur cour très calme avec un lit deux places (futon) - Une salle de bain lumineuse - WC séparé - Une cuisine ouverte bien équipée (four, micro-ondes, plaques électriques, grand réfrigérateur) - Un grand salon avec une table à manger, un canapé et un ordinateur avec accès internet wifi Des serviettes et draps de lit vous sont fournis pour le séjour. **** 45m2 charming flat in the hearth of Paris. In a 19th century parisian building, at the 2nd floor, my apartment can accommodate two persons : - One quiet bedroom with one double sized futon bed - One shiny bathroom fitted with a tub - A separate toilet - The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, a fri
7790	Very cosy room where you can relax and feel at home. The living-room will be the place where I live, but you can come to rest sometimes and have a talk. You can have your breakfast in the kitchen. You can be two in the bedroom. 	In a very attractive district of Paris, close to several underground lines, bus and RER, you will benefit from the calm of this pretty and comfortable room giving on court. Bed of 160m. You can use the kitchen and have a part of the fridge. Very cosy room where you can relax and feel at home. The living-room will be the place where I live, but you can come to rest sometimes and have a talk. You can have your breakfast in the kitchen. You can be two in the bedroom.  You can use the kitchen and have to share it with me, as well for the bathroom and toilets. I have a very quiet life and I am respectful of my guests' quietness so you are supposed to do the same with me. My apartment is always impeccable. You can use my WiFi connection for free. If you need any information about the city, just let me help you.  There are many supermarkets, shops, restaurants, with kitchen from every countries.. The canal Saint-Martin with its old bridges, passage Brady and the Indian restaurants, The Manoir
7791		This central renovated apartment has a bathtub, a washing machine, a kitchen and a double bed on the mezzanine. You can also add a second bed with the couch opened. Near the grands boulevards and the center of the city, the place is close to a lot of theaters and museums. If you have a good weather, I advice you to walk by foot. For example you are at 20 minutes by foot from Notre Dame. You are also at 15 minutes by foot from Beaubourg Centre Georges Pompidou, 20 minutes from the Pont Neuf or 15 from the Marais. Near Gare de l'Est and Gare du Nord but also near of the center of Paris with Chatelet Les Halles.  Subway lines are 4, 3, 8, 9, 5 et 11. Easy to be anywhere in Paris in less 25 minutes. Third floor without elevator. I'll give the code to open the building door and also a pass which can open the door without code. Becareful, after 10pm the code doesn't work, so you need your pass. The apartment is near a famous parisian street : Saint Denis street. Well-known for the prostituti
7792	There is 1 private room with king size bed and a living room with a large foldable sofa. You are 10 minutes’ walk from the beautiful and massive “Buttes Chaumont” park and 5 minutes away from the Canal where all Parisian go to have drinks and play games when the sun is out. All other famous Parisian landmark are not far away as well. You’ll take the metro just next to the apartment and a direct metro line will take you to Montmartre & Moulin Rouge within 10 minutes, Louvres, Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées within 20 minutes, The Eiffel Tower within 30 minutes !	This beautiful apartment is part of a brand new building! Located near the beautiful “Canal de L’Ourcq“, you will be close to everything you need when staying in Paris.  The place is fully equiped and can accomodate up to 4 guest. There is 1 private room with king size bed and a living room with a large foldable sofa. You are 10 minutes’ walk from the beautiful and massive “Buttes Chaumont” park and 5 minutes away from the Canal where all Parisian go to have drinks and play games when the sun is out. All other famous Parisian landmark are not far away as well. You’ll take the metro just next to the apartment and a direct metro line will take you to Montmartre & Moulin Rouge within 10 minutes, Louvres, Arc de Triomphe & Champs Elysées within 20 minutes, The Eiffel Tower within 30 minutes ! The apartment is 40M² with a big living room with a fully equipped kitchen (micro wave, hoven, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, a bar and a washing machine), a big couch to lie down after a long walki
7793		Spacieus, clean and cosy 60m2 apartment. 1st floor. Elevator.  Big kitchen & dining room  Idéally situated in centre In quiet street next to the mainstreet. Shopping, supermarkets, restaurants around.  Public transport around the corner. 1 room with sharing facilités for rent (whole apartment is Also possible) Guest have acces to the whole apartment and all supplies (except for thé master bedroom) We are happy to help you plan your Paris trip in the middle of the buzzling Center of Paris 2 Metro stations around thé apartment:  - 1 minute walk from Metro Strassbourg saint Denis (3 lines) - 4 min walk from Metro Réaumur-sebastopol (2 lines) Trainstations: -10 min walk from trainstation Gare de l'Est or 5 min by Metro -17 min walk from trainstation Gare du Nord or min by Metro  Bus: Several bus stops around The apartment  Airport - Charles de Gaulles: 60 min by train RER or 45 min by taxi - Orly : 50min with the metro/Orlybus or 30min by taxi Main attractions: - Museum de Louvre & Jardin 
7794	Très bel appartement style haussmanien, refais à neuf récemment et parfaitement aménagé. Appartement très calme, lumineux et idéalement situé dans le cœur de Paris	Grand deux-pièces style Haussmanien, refait à neuf, parfaitement situé entre le Marais et le Canal St Martin, à deux pas de la place de la République. Appartement très calme, sur cour. 6 lignes de métro à proximité. Cuisine équipée, Wifi.       Très bel appartement style haussmanien, refais à neuf récemment et parfaitement aménagé. Appartement très calme, lumineux et idéalement situé dans le cœur de Paris Le cœur de Paris! Idéalement situé entre le canal St Martin et le Haut Marais, une grande partie de Paris est accessible à pied (ex: 20min à pied pour rejoindre châtelet, idem pour les grands magasins boulevard Haussman) Lignes 5, 8, 9, 11, 3 à République (1min à pied de l'appartement). Ligne 4 à Château d'Eau (5min à pied). Proximité des Gares de l'Est et du Nord A deux pas du Canal St Martin et Haut Marais
7795	1 living room with large table and 6 chairs. 2 sofas including 1 sofa bed. 1 bedroom with 1 double bed.. 1 kitchen equipped with 2 plates, 1 oven, and all you need to cook. 1 washer / dryer. 1 bathroom with large shower. 1 separate toilet. 6th floor, the price to pay for peace and quiet!	Ideally located, between the Canal Saint Martin and the Canal de l'Ourcq. Close to 4 metro lines. Lovely 2 rooms apartment. 1 bedroom and a living room with a sofa bed. Ideal for a romantic getaway, or some fun times in Paris with friends. 1 living room with large table and 6 chairs. 2 sofas including 1 sofa bed. 1 bedroom with 1 double bed.. 1 kitchen equipped with 2 plates, 1 oven, and all you need to cook. 1 washer / dryer. 1 bathroom with large shower. 1 separate toilet. 6th floor, the price to pay for peace and quiet! It is a lively area at the crossroads of the 10th and 19th arrondissement. Between the Canal Saint-Martin and Ourcq Canal, close to the Buttes Chaumont and La Villette Park. At the crossroads of lines 2, 5, 7 and 7a, it is ideally located to move anywhere in Paris.
7796	The apartment was fully remodeled by an architect four years ago to make total use of the space. 	Experience real Parisian life! Stay in our modern, 40m2 (400ft2) apartment on the 5th floor (with elevator) with 3 balconies having a lovely view of southern Paris. Located in the 10th just up the street from Canal St. Martin. The apartment was fully remodeled by an architect four years ago to make total use of the space.  The elevator is privatized so during check-in Antoine greets guests downstairs to give them entry to the elevator. We live on the floor above the apartment so we often cross guests in the stairwell, they know we are available if they need anything and we sometimes hold bags if they need to check out but still have time before their trip home. Located in the 10th just up the street from Canal St. Martin. Local grocers, bakeries, restaurants, shops and bars all in walking distance, not to mention the beautiful canal for picnics and relaxing. Metro stop Colonel Fabien on line 2 is a 3 mins walk (less than a block) up the street. It takes you directly to the bottom of Mo
7797	Amazing 200sqm Loft in Central Paris, in the most trendy area.... best burger best bakery and a top cocktail bar just opened next door Renting  35sqm including a private bedroom (queen bed) a private bathroom (shower bath tube and toilets) and a dressing room Healthy breakfast available in the living room or in the outside patio	Amazing 200sqm Loft in Central Paris, in the most trendy area.... best burger best bakery and a top cocktail bar just opened next door Renting  35sqm including a private bedroom (queen bed) a private bathroom (shower bath tube and toilets) and a dressing room Healthy breakfast available in the living room or in the outside patio Renting  35sqm including a private bedroom (queen bed) a private bathroom (shower bath tube and toilets) and a dressing room Healthy breakfast available in the living room or in the outside patio We are a family of 4 and will always  be i the loft. However we are used to home exchange and our loft has the perfect configuration as it is more than 30m long and we do The area is the most trendy we have the best restaurant ever at a normal price, a cocktail bar, just in our street you can taste food from 29 different countries, little india in just across the street We love our loft and our area 3 different hero station  1-Strasbourg saint denis 2-Chateau d'eau 3- 
7798	We've been living here for 5 years and we really love this place. Both for the apartment itself as for the neighborhood. Our home is functional with a large living room, very bright and fully equipped as Chris & I live  everyday here  with our 2 daughters, our  baby and a young Au Pair. You'll feel like at home here  and this place is perfect for 5 people. An inflatable extra bed can accommodate 2 additional guests.	Experience authentic parisian life in the trendy area of the Xth distric and the famous quartier Montorgueil ! Enjoy a 1100 ft2 from 5 to 7 persons which combines a high-end equipment, outstanding views, proximity to metro and touristic areas. We've been living here for 5 years and we really love this place. Both for the apartment itself as for the neighborhood. Our home is functional with a large living room, very bright and fully equipped as Chris & I live  everyday here  with our 2 daughters, our  baby and a young Au Pair. You'll feel like at home here  and this place is perfect for 5 people. An inflatable extra bed can accommodate 2 additional guests. The apartment is fully yours. I can provide if needed facilities for children such as strollers, bicycles or scooters that are really convenient to visit the pedestrian streets in the neighborhood. I will do my best to be here for check-in and check-out, otherwise my lovely neighbors (Laura & Bruno on the 5th floor or Eva & Romu next 
7799	ideal place close to the metro station Republique with 4 metro lines	Cosy studio (about 34m2) near to Place de la Republique and the metro station with 4 lines (5, 8, 9, 11).  It’s contain a spacious living room with a dedicated place for a double bed, bedroom and separate kitchen. Can welcome 3 persons  ideal place close to the metro station Republique with 4 metro lines All the studio equipment 
