9600	Overlooking a beautiful courtyard garden and in central Paris, this renovated studio apartment has got it all. Sunlight streams in from the balcony into its stylish interior, which combines a French touch with contemporary style.The apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay, including a full kitchen and large bathroom. It is located in a well maintained and calm building in central Paris, making it a perfect base to explore this wonderful city!	Overlooking a beautiful courtyard garden and in central Paris, this renovated studio apartment has got it all. Sunlight streams in from the balcony into its stylish interior, which combines a French touch with contemporary style.           Overlooking a beautiful courtyard garden and in central Paris, this renovated studio apartment has got it all. Sunlight streams in from the balcony into its stylish interior, which combines a French touch with contemporary style.The apartment has everything you need to enjoy your stay, including a full kitchen and large bathroom. It is located in a well maintained and calm building in central Paris, making it a perfect base to explore this wonderful city!
9601		Studio accueillant. Peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Plein centre de Paris. Proximité rue mouffetard. Cuisine équipée séparée. Pièce principale.  Lit mezzanine 2 places et une banquette lit 2 places.  Salle de bain avec baignoire. Métro Les Gobelins
9602		The apartment is situated in 2 eme floor of a modern building. The apartment is quiet, bright and renovated.  It is situated in a quiet district very well harmed served by transport. Fully-equipped kitchen: washing machine, cooktops, refrigerator.
9603	Calme, grand et spacieux, lumineux avec une belle vue donnant sur les toits de Paris.	A great room with private bathroom in a sunny and quiet spacious apartment! Next to metro stations and several attractions in central Paris. Chambre avec salle de bain privée et grand séjour + belle cuisine dans un bel appartement luxueux cartier calme et agréable, Calme, grand et spacieux, lumineux avec une belle vue donnant sur les toits de Paris. Accès libre au séjour, salle à manger, cuisine. Appartement non fumeur mais avec 3 balcons :) J'échange avec mes locataires par mail, sms et téléphone. Etant donné que je travaille énormément et que je fais beaucoup de sport, je ne serai présent que certains soirs. Quartier calme et chaleureux. Plusieurs magasins, super-marchés et centres commerciaux à deux pas. Un vaste choix de restaurants à tous les goûts et spécialités. Plusieurs lignes de bus et de métros à moins d'une minutes à pieds. Plusieurs stations de voitures et de vélos libre service (Autolib et Vélib). Je loue une chambre confortable pour deux personnes entièrement privée avec
9604	Nice appartment, very functionnal, with all equipments	Nice appartment, very functionnal, with all equipments The appartment is in the middle of the Paris chinatown, which is a very nice place in Paris, very lively, with many shops all around, movies theaters,... Subways lines (7&14), tramway (T3), and buses (27, 64, 62) 
9605		J'ai deux chambres donc lorsque vous louez une chambre ,il se peut que je dorme également dans l' appartement . Métro ligne 14 OLYMPIADE Métro nationale ligne 6 
9606	Ch.1:160 bed or 2 beds 80,toilet  shower independent  Ch 2:2 pull-out beds 80,bathroom + Wc Living room sofa 140 Washer, dryer,dishwasher,air dryer .	App.63 m2,2 bedrooms,5 pers.,2 bath.,2 WC, indoor garden,4th floor,lift,east west,quiet,5 lines Bus,Metro to monuments and to railway stations,airports,Taxis,Vélibs,Restaurants,shops,ciné .Guardian 24/24h,2 entry codes. Welcome to our (website hidden).1:160 bed or 2 beds 80,toilet  shower independent  Ch 2:2 pull-out beds 80,bathroom + Wc Living room sofa 140 Washer, dryer,dishwasher,air dryer . You will be independent ,only 1 room closed, guest have access to kitchen,living room and 2 bedrooms and 2 (website hidden) well equipped appliances dishes,linens,towels,informations about Paris,Wifi,internet,are available. Are reachable by email,French, Spanish,English by phone or SMS. We like the Boulevards with trees,Haussmanian buildings and their balconies,crossing the Garden Plants to the Seine /n,Notre Dame (on foot,batobus) near hospitals,universities, supermarkets Italy center,cinemas,restaurants, café terrasses... Gobelins Metro line 7,Opera,East Station, Line 5:North Station,by Italy
9607	Get your feet in Paris and your head in the sky ! Beautiful, cosy and sunny 160 sqm loft with a fantastic view, that can welcome up to 9-10 people, on the 30th and 31th floors, close to metro station and to almost everything in Paris !  The appartment is situated on the last floors of an tower, (of course, there is an elevator - 2 in fact), in the south of Paris, next to the chinese neighborhood, and at less than 100m from the metro station 14 that takes you to the Louvre in 15 minutes- this is the fastest metro line in Paris ! It is a beautiful loft, nicely decorated, fully equiped with a fantastic view on the east of Paris.  It can receive up to 9 people (10 maximum) so it would be ideal for 1 to 2 families ! Downstairs, there is a large open space with a large kitchen, fully equiped with all that is needed in a kitchen, a beautiful dining room with a piano and spacious living room, with two sofas, one of them can be transformed in bed for 2 people, a large tv, dvd, and a bookcase in	Beautiful, cosy and sunny 160 sqm duplex with 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms that can welcome up to 9-10 people, next to metro station and close to almost everything in Paris ! Get your feet in Paris and your head in the sky ! Beautiful, cosy and sunny 160 sqm loft with a fantastic view, that can welcome up to 9-10 people, on the 30th and 31th floors, close to metro station and to almost everything in Paris !  The appartment is situated on the last floors of an tower, (of course, there is an elevator - 2 in fact), in the south of Paris, next to the chinese neighborhood, and at less than 100m from the metro station 14 that takes you to the Louvre in 15 minutes- this is the fastest metro line in Paris ! It is a beautiful loft, nicely decorated, fully equiped with a fantastic view on the east of Paris.  It can receive up to 9 people (10 maximum) so it would be ideal for 1 to 2 families ! Downstairs, there is a large open space with a large kitchen, fully equiped with all that is needed in a k
9608	Typical Parisian apartment on the 5th floor. Memory foam mattress and cupboard space. Looking for friendly, respectful people to live in our lovely little home!	Big room with balcony and lots of light. Sharing the apartment with the lovely, helpful English speaking flatmate Camille. 10 minutes walk from the Botanical Gardens and 5 minutes from Buttes-aux-Cailles. 1 minute walk from metro lines 5, 6 and 7. Typical Parisian apartment on the 5th floor. Memory foam mattress and cupboard space. Looking for friendly, respectful people to live in our lovely little home!
9609	Wonderful flat, big enough for two people. Quiet bulding, perfect if you want a rest after a long day.  You will be on the direct line to the eiffel tower (15 minutes), Clause to the earth of Paris ( 10 minutes). 	this fully furnished & charming studio (31m2) is the perfect location for your short or long stay. It's located in the Center of Paris. Close to Montparnasse and Saint Germain des près, you can reach all nice place of Paris easily ! Welcome Wonderful flat, big enough for two people. Quiet bulding, perfect if you want a rest after a long day.  You will be on the direct line to the eiffel tower (15 minutes), Clause to the earth of Paris ( 10 minutes). 30 secondes from the metro station, 2 minutes walking to the Place d'italie, from where you can easily go in all direction ( 3 metro lines). 
9610		chambre 12 m2, accès salle de bains, 1 lit double, 1 ordinateur avec WIFI. Au 3eme etage sur rue calme. Machine a laver. Caution 1000 euros
9611		Pretty little two pieces, with american kitchen, one room very calm, see on a garden with light and automatica store for the night.  At the jonction of the 5eme and 13eme
9612	The room is 17m2, and has a double bed.  Couple are accepted.  It is strictly none smoking inthe entire flat. The apartment is around 60m2, you will have access to the shared living room, bathroom and kitchen. I will be sleeping in the second room of the flat. Note that the flat is located on the 5th floor with No elevator.	Lovely sunny room (17m2) with a double bed.  None smoking.  Couple accepted. The flat is around 60m2, you will have access to the shared living room, bathroom, and kitchen. I will be sleeping in the second room of the flat. The room is 17m2, and has a double bed.  Couple are accepted.  It is strictly none smoking inthe entire flat. The apartment is around 60m2, you will have access to the shared living room, bathroom and kitchen. I will be sleeping in the second room of the flat. Note that the flat is located on the 5th floor with No elevator. You will have access to the shared living room, bathroom, and kitchen. If you need any help feel free to ask me any question during your stay as I will be in the second room of the flat.  I speak French & English fluently. The flat is located at the beginning of the Quartier Latin (8 min walk to Rue Rue Mouffetard & 15 min walk to the Panthéon).  You also next to the Jardin des Plantes (5 min walk). The flat is: - 1 min walk to Bus stop (91 going
9613	Au 5ème c'est lumineux, et quand il fait très chaud, on peut faire des courrants d'air. D'un confort simple, les gens disent que c'est un appartement agréable à vivre.	Soit pour 1 - 2 semaine, soit pour un WE de 3 jours: vend sam dim Chambre lumineuse avec lit 1 personne ergonomique (on peut remonter la tête pour lire ou remonter les jambes quand on a piétiné toute la journée), 1 bureau, une étagère et 1 penderie. Au 5ème c'est lumineux, et quand il fait très chaud, on peut faire des courrants d'air. D'un confort simple, les gens disent que c'est un appartement agréable à vivre. Vous avez accès au petit salon, à la cuisine, à la salle de bain. Vous serez tranquilles, je serai en vacances, vous pourrez me contacter par téléphone quand vous en aurez besoin. Au pied du quartier Chinois de Paris, plusieurs épiceries, un grand supermarché à 2 étages, un nombre incalculable de restaurants aisatiques, des fruits et des légumes rigolos... très bien desservi par les transports Stations:  -« Porte d'Ivry »: Tram, métro ligne 7, terminus des bus 27 et 83 -« Olympiades »: métro ligne 14, bus 62 et 64 Vers la banlieue: bus (phone number hidden) ... Du coup, ce se
9614	A peaceful and quiet, second floor, 2-room apartment with gardien, in the new student neighborhood near the Francois Mitterand Library. Near shops, markets, restaurants and cinema. Walk acces to metro lines 6, 14, and RER C. Direct access to major monuments (Notre Dame, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées...) in less than 20 minutes. The weekend is busy with the market around the Church in the morning, and shops, restaurants and cinéma during all day.  For sports, park Paris-Bercy and the Seine quays nearby are perfect for jogging. Josephine Baker swimming pool just steps along the Seine is ideal for swimming... 	A peaceful and quiet, second floor, 2-room apartment with gardien, in the new student neighborhood near the Francois Mitterand Library. Near shops, markets, restaurants and cinema. Walk acces to metro lines 6, 14, and RER C. Direct access to major monuments (Notre Dame, The Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées...) in less than 20 minutes. The weekend is busy with the market around the Church in the morning, and shops, restaurants and cinéma during all day.  For sports, park Paris-Bercy and the Seine quays nearby are perfect for jogging. Josephine Baker swimming pool just steps along the Seine is ideal for swimming... 
9615		Large room (20m²) with double bed, table, sofa and TV included. Two windows on a bright and quiet courtyard. Perfect for couple. Netflix available on the TV.
9616	My apartment is my cocoon! It has an easy going, relaxed atmosphere, situated in the 13th arrondissement on rue Clisson. The area is near the new Bibliothèque Nationale François Mitterant and is very well connected to the centre of Paris. It's both calm and lively, quiet, yet with local shops, markets and squares nearby. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a very calm building that has a big garden with a children's play area. It's 70m2 (about 750 square feet) and is made up of a good sized sitting room (+ balcony), a big kitchen (+ balcony with a table to eat at), a double bedroom (+ balcony), a room with bunkbeds, a bathroom with bath/shower and separate WC. The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine and dishwasher). A secure parking space is also available in the building's underground parking.  	My apartment is my cocoon! It has an easy going, relaxed atmosphere, situated in the 13th arrondissement on rue Clisson. The area is near the new Bibliothèque Nationale François Mitterant and is very well connected to the centre of Paris. It's both calm and lively, quiet, yet with local shops, markets and squares nearby. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a very calm building that has a big garden with a children's play area. It's 70m2 (about 750 square feet) and is made up of a good sized sitting room (+ balcony), a big kitchen (+ balcony with a table to eat at), a double bedroom (+ balcony), a room with bunkbeds, a bathroom with bath/shower and separate WC. The kitchen is fully equipped (washing machine and dishwasher). A secure parking space is also available in the building's underground parking.  
9617	Apartment ideally situated near Gobelins - Port Royal, 10 minutes walking from the Luxembourg garden and the Pantheon. 6th floor with lift in a private square. Facing south. Balcony. Lounge with two sofas, a table, a TV, a library. Nespresso machine. Two beds-sofas. 2 private bedrooms, containing a double bed, decorative fireplace, wardrobe and desk. Kitchen. Refrigerator, freezer. Toaster. Four. Bathroom with bathtube and washing machine. --- Easily accessible by metro or RER. Ten minute walking from the Luxembourg garden and the Pantheon. Residential area with useful shops (Franprix, bakery).	3 rooms apartement in a private and calm square in Paris. South exposed with a lot of sun and a small balcony. Apartment ideally situated near Gobelins - Port Royal, 10 minutes walking from the Luxembourg garden and the Pantheon. 6th floor with lift in a private square. Facing south. Balcony. Lounge with two sofas, a table, a TV, a library. Nespresso machine. Two beds-sofas. 2 private bedrooms, containing a double bed, decorative fireplace, wardrobe and desk. Kitchen. Refrigerator, freezer. Toaster. Four. Bathroom with bathtube and washing machine. --- Easily accessible by metro or RER. Ten minute walking from the Luxembourg garden and the Pantheon. Residential area with useful shops (Franprix, bakery).
9618	    Two rooms built in 2011, quiet , very bright 50 m2 plus terrace trees, 7th floor , 1 underground parking (included in price), with surveillance cameras, rare product in Paris . All public areas including parking automatically illuminate . You get the sun all day (double exposure). The facilities are new. The terrace has been redesigned : shrubs , flowers, table , chairs, you can dine and sunbathe . Located in the new 13 th , between François Mitterrand Library Butte Quail , Bercy Village . A 3 minute walk from a station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand 14 Exit 3, which will take you directly to the Gare de Lyon, Chatelet les Halles, Beaubourg, Le Marais , Pyramids , Madeleine, 5 minutes from the line 6 station Quai de la Gare you lead directly to the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Trocadero , Charles de Gaul Stars Pigalle ... the pool on the Seine Josephine Baker is a few minutes walk , you can then take a drink in the lounge bar on the Seine that are on the way back at the apartmen	    Two rooms built in 2011, quiet , very bright 50 m2 plus terrace trees, 7th floor , 1 underground parking (included in price), with surveillance cameras, rare product in Paris . All public areas including parking automatically illuminate . You get the sun all day (double exposure). The facilities are new. The terrace has been redesigned : shrubs , flowers, table , chairs, you can dine and sunbathe . Located in the new 13 th , between François Mitterrand Library Butte Quail , Bercy Village . A 3 minute walk from a station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand 14 Exit 3, which will take you directly to the Gare de Lyon, Chatelet les Halles, Beaubourg, Le Marais , Pyramids , Madeleine, 5 minutes from the line 6 station Quai de la Gare you lead directly to the Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Trocadero , Charles de Gaul Stars Pigalle ... the pool on the Seine Josephine Baker is a few minutes walk , you can then take a drink in the lounge bar on the Seine that are on the way back at the apartmen
9619	I love my apartment. It is so sweet! It is located in the back yard and there is only one floor so it's really quiet and you'll almost never hear the neighbors neither all the bars of La Butte aux Cailles. 	My studio is located in a cute and famous district of Paris: La Butte aux Cailles.
9620		"Soyez le bienvenue chez studio""Formidable""  5 min de jardin Luxembourg et du  place  de Sorbonne , 7 min de de saint Michelle  et de la saine et   20 min de Tour Eiffel  studio confortable bien équipée et sécurisée"
9621	New building  constructed in 2005. ALL linens/pillows/towels/blankets provided. Room is for 1-2 adults with new comfortable double sofa bed. (real mattress). Kids over 12 years old accepted with parent. QUIET ROOM. (with double glass window on courtyard side) Toilet is inside the same room with just partition.  CPL plug provided in room (replaces wifi). 	1-3 nights stay. Fri. to Sun. 1 double bed.  independent entry. 130sqft/12m2. Shower, sink + toilet with partition. Fridge. Kettle. Coffee, Tea, OJ. RG45/CPL internet connection. Fri Check-in 22h or Sat. 13h . C-out12h Guided tours on demand. New building  constructed in 2005. ALL linens/pillows/towels/blankets provided. Room is for 1-2 adults with new comfortable double sofa bed. (real mattress). Kids over 12 years old accepted with parent. QUIET ROOM. (with double glass window on courtyard side) Toilet is inside the same room with just partition.  CPL plug provided in room (replaces wifi). Private room. Nothing shared except front door entrance foyer.  Guests receive their own key to come and go as they please. No interaction.  Room area is private. Can give guided tour of city. The hosts are on premises at all times though for  questions/concerns in back area of apt. Great transportation. go left :modern; go right: old Paris.   Close to Seine River and music barges. Close to Bercy S
9622		Quiet, cosy and perfect for lovers, you will feel at home in this flat. In the center of Paris, Near Notre Dame, le Panthéon, Rue Mouffetard, la Butte aux Caillet, the latin Corner, the Luxemourg, le Jardin des plantes ..Perfect to visit, party, enjoy Paris. METRO 7, 5, 6 , Bus 91.
9623	L appartement est très clair car il comporte 6 grandes fenêtres. Il est au 5e étage.	Cet appartement de 2 pièces de 50m2 dans un petit immeuble ancien situé à proximité de la Bibliothèque Francois Mitterand, de la cité universitaire et la faculté Sorbonne Tolbiac saura vous séduire par sa quiétude et sa luminosité exceptionnelle. L appartement est très clair car il comporte 6 grandes fenêtres. Il est au 5e étage. Quartier très vivant, métro Tolbiac à 200 mètres, bus au pied de l immeuble, parc de Choisy à 200 mètres. Station de métro Tolbiac, ligne 7. En arrivant à ROissy airport, prenez le RER B  dans l aérogare, jusqu à la station Châtelet, puis changez pour la ligne 7 du métro, jusqu a la station Tolbiac. En venant de Orly airport, prenez l Orly bus jusqu à la station René Coty, puis changez pour le bus 62 jusqu'à la station Tolbiac.
9624	situé à Olympiades, la ligne de métro 14  transverse pour aller rapidement partout dans Paris	situé à Olympiades, la ligne de métro 14  transverse pour aller rapidement partout dans Paris cuisine, salle de bain, parking, internet etc joignable à tous moments! Quartier étudiant, quartier chinois proche de la butte aux cailles, place d'italie, de Bercy et des quais de Seine. Accéder à tous les endroits touristiques et aux gares très rapidement grâce à la ligne 14 du métro! ligne 14 olympiades ligne 7 Tolbiac  ligne 5 place d'italie je serai présente :-)
9625		Joli deux pièces WIFI illimité TV free 34 m2, parquet, TOUT meublé à NEUF Cuisine tout équipée, lave vaisselle, plaque induction four Salle de douche, machine à laver séchante neuve A deux pas du métro, ligne 7  Proche place d'Italie
9626		Magnifique T2 de 50m2, moderne, très lumineux dans le quartier de la butte aux cailles.  A deux pas de restaurants et commerces typiques! Terrasse!  Transports à proximité!  -Depuis l'aéroport d'Orly : orlybus jusqu'à l'arrêt GLACIERE-TOLBIAC puis 10 minutes de marche ou 1 arrêt de bus (bus 62, arrêt VERGNIAUD)   -Depuis Roissy-Charles de Gaulle ou Gare du Nord : RER B jusqu'à CITE-UNIVERSITAIRE puis 10 minutes de marche   -Depuis Gare de Lyon: bus direct (57 jusqu'à BOBILLOT-TOLBIAC) puis 5 mn de marche Des précisions peuvent être apportées si besoin. Il vous sera demandé à votre arrivée un chèque de caution de 650 euros  qui vous sera rendu après l'état des lieux ainsi que la somme de      20 euros pour le ménage.
9627	Living room and bedroom separated with half wall and a curtain equipped with  one king size bed(160x200) and one queen-size design sofa bed (140x190.). A big LCD tv is available Freshly furnished and freshly painted with plenty space for clothes and luggage. Fully equipped kitchen, including :  - washing machine - a big fridge - an oven - a cook stove - a microwave oven - a coffee machine - a tea maker Toilet and shower separated.	Very bright 2 room 40 sq meter apartment to visit Paris with a group of friends or a family of 4. Next to a park with ping-pong tables and playground for children. Easy access to major Paris sights Great place for a genuine Parisian experience. Living room and bedroom separated with half wall and a curtain equipped with  one king size bed(160x200) and one queen-size design sofa bed (140x190.). A big LCD tv is available Freshly furnished and freshly painted with plenty space for clothes and luggage. Fully equipped kitchen, including :  - washing machine - a big fridge - an oven - a cook stove - a microwave oven - a coffee machine - a tea maker Toilet and shower separated. Located in 13th arrondissement just near the Chinese neighborhood and between Place d'Italie and Parc Montsouris (Cite Universitaire).  Also 5 minute walk from Butte-aux-Cailles. In a very practical neighborhood with major supermarket and authentic cafes, boulangeries and restaurants. Every Thursday and Sunday morning 
9628	"Welcome home !  You are going to sit for a few days in a sweat little apartment (30m2), located in the 13th district of Paris, in ""Butte aux cailles"", a street next to Gobelins, Saint-Germain des près, Notre dame de Paris, la Tour Eiffel and others. This cosy place has been entirely fited out, it will be perfect for your week-ends or holidays in the capital. It is based on a building constructed in the XXth century and the neighborhood is actually calm.  You could have a hugh lightned living room with a convertible sofa wich would be a nice place to drink and discuss about your days in Paris. This sofa allows you to make this journey with four persons. The kitchen is equiped (fridge, cooktop, pans ...) and opened to the living room. From two to four persons can easily cook and eat there.  The room is seperated from the living room by a wall. It contained a two places bed with a new bedding, perfect for relaxing and getting dynamic for the rest of your holidays. The bathroom (shower and"	"Quiet, Paris, well connected, very nice neighborhood. You will be at home, but in the heart of Paris. So welcome home!  Welcome home !  You are going to sit for a few days in a sweat little apartment (30m2), located in the 13th district of Paris, in ""Butte aux cailles"", a street next to Gobelins, Saint-Germain des près, Notre dame de Paris, la Tour Eiffel and others. This cosy place has been entirely fited out, it will be perfect for your week-ends or holidays in the capital. It is based on a building constructed in the XXth century and the neighborhood is actually calm.  You could have a hugh lightned living room with a convertible sofa wich would be a nice place to drink and discuss about your days in Paris. This sofa allows you to make this journey with four persons. The kitchen is equiped (fridge, cooktop, pans ...) and opened to the living room. From two to four persons can easily cook and eat there.  The room is seperated from the living room by a wall. It contained a two places "
9629	L'appartement est dans une résidence paisible. Côté rue, la très faible circulation de voitures permet de passer d'agréables moments de détente ou bien de prendre ses repas sur le balcon ensoleillé. Côté jardin, c'est la campagne parisienne!	L'appartement est dans une résidence paisible. Côté rue, la très faible circulation de voitures permet de passer d'agréables moments de détente ou bien de prendre ses repas sur le balcon ensoleillé. Côté jardin, c'est la campagne parisienne! Vous pourrez disposer de toutes les installations de la maison, préparer vos repas dans la cuisine et y manger si vous le souhaitez... Connexion Internet par Wifi gratuit. Je pars tôt le matin, vous disposerez ainsi de l'appartement pour vous seul. En fin de journée, ma présence vous laissera malgré tout vivre en toute indépendance. Mais partager un café ou un verre de vin n'est pas pour me déplaire. Commerces, restaurants, pharmacie, piscine, location de vélos  dans la rue. Le quartier est calme de jour comme de nuit. Il est aussi très bien desservi par les transports en commun qui donnent un rapide accès au centre de Paris. 2 lignes de métro la n° 6 (Nation Etoile) station Chevaleret ou Nationale et la ligne n° 14 station Bibliothèque François Mi
9630	Appartement d'architecte, très grandes fenêtres dans chaque pièce, très calme et confortable. Belle hauteur sous plafond, très ensoleillé, vue sur jardin. 1 chambre parentale, 1 chambre d'enfant, 2 couchages confortables dans le séjour.	Appartement 3 pièces très lumineux dans le 13°, nouveau quartier de la Bibliothèque Nationale de France, proche de gare le Lyon, gare d'Austerlitz, Bercy. Paris-centre à 10 mn en metro par la ligne 14. Tous commerces à proximités, cinémas, parcs. Appartement d'architecte, très grandes fenêtres dans chaque pièce, très calme et confortable. Belle hauteur sous plafond, très ensoleillé, vue sur jardin. 1 chambre parentale, 1 chambre d'enfant, 2 couchages confortables dans le séjour. Quartier parisien typique, animé et commerçant : boulanger, primeur, boucher, traiteur, fromager, vins, restaurants, marché parisien le jeudi et le dimanche matin, etc. A deux pas des quais de Seine, péniches - restaurants, bars d'été, fêtes (Batofar, docks de la cité de la mode, Moon Roof,etc.). Cinémas 14 salles et restaurants à 5mn. Metro ligne 14, station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Bus, Vélib, Autolib. 4 nuits minimum frais de ménage 40 euros
9631		wi-fi lave linge Metro lignes 5,6,7 Place d'Italie, Les Gobelins, Campo Formio Bus 47, 67, 83...
9632		Studio 18m2 au 7éme étage avec grande fenêtre et balcon, bien équipé et situé proche de toutes commodités.  5 min de metro M6 & M7 Studio 18m2 on the 7th floor with big window and balcony, well fitted and near all amenities. 5 min from metro M6 & M7
9633	5 eme étage avec ascenseur	Je loue ma chambre de 13 m2 pour cet été à la nuit, à la semaine ou plus jusqu'en septembre. Pour ma part je suis beaucoup absent cet été mais je compte dormir dans le séjour quelques nuits de temps à autre. Pas d'APL possible. A bientôt :) 5 eme étage avec ascenseur Possibilité d'accéder à la cuisine et salle de bain. Cartier chinois Ligne 14 station olympiade
9634		Très beau studio d'environ 33 m2 à 5 minutes de la ligne 14 ou du RER C de la Bibliothèque F. Mitterrand, des quais de Seine réaménagés ou de l'avenue de France.  Très confortable, bien équipé au calme, et entouré d'excellents commerces de bouche.
9635	Un bel appartement dans un quartier d'artistes. Cet endroit est vivant et agréable notamment pour se balader.  Plein de bars, restaurants et petites ruelles pavées. C'est ça le charme de La Bute Aux Cailles.	L'appartement  Appartement de 100 mètres carrés qui comporte 3 chambres avec lits doubles. Il est équipé de 2 salles de bains. Appartement très lumineux. Le quartier  L'appartement se situe en plein cœur de La Bute Aux Cailles Métros Place d'Italie (5,6,7), Corvisart (6) et Tolbiac (7) Un bel appartement dans un quartier d'artistes. Cet endroit est vivant et agréable notamment pour se balader.  Plein de bars, restaurants et petites ruelles pavées. C'est ça le charme de La Bute Aux Cailles. Il est interdit de fumer dans les chambres. Vous pouvez en revanche fumer a la fenêtre de la cuisine. Je serai a l'appartement durant votre séjour à Paris. Nous partagerons donc le logement. Un quartier intimiste et mignon. Beaucoup de charme.
9636	The pictures and details below speak for themselves... A lovely and roomy 1 bedroom, all furnished and equiped, in the south of the 5th disctrict or Paris. Feel free to contact me for any question or further information. Les photos et informations détaillées plus bas parlent d'elles-mêmes, mais... Un grand 2 pièces au sud du 5e arrondissement de Paris, meublé équipé, tout confort, à proximité directe des gares du Sud de Paris et indirecte des autres gare ainsi que des aéroports, hôpitaux et de l'hypercentre. N'hésitez surtout pas à me contacter pour toute question ou simplement pour davantage d'informations.	Roomy 78m2 fla rent : - located south 5th( 1 block from the quartier latin) - spacious living room ( big couch) - dining room  - separated fully equiped kitchen, - washer, dishwasher, iron... Available for short or longer stays. Feel free to ask The pictures and details below speak for themselves... A lovely and roomy 1 bedroom, all furnished and equiped, in the south of the 5th disctrict or Paris. Feel free to contact me for any question or further information. Les photos et informations détaillées plus bas parlent d'elles-mêmes, mais... Un grand 2 pièces au sud du 5e arrondissement de Paris, meublé équipé, tout confort, à proximité directe des gares du Sud de Paris et indirecte des autres gare ainsi que des aéroports, hôpitaux et de l'hypercentre. N'hésitez surtout pas à me contacter pour toute question ou simplement pour davantage d'informations. All of it! My castle is all yours from the drawbridge to the dungeon during your stay here ^^! Mon château est vôtre du pont levis au donj
9637		3 pièces dans un appartement moderne avec cuisine équipée .  A 10min du quartier latin et 5 min a pied des bords de Seine, et 2 pas du metro Cependant j'ai un petit chat roux très gentil, dc pour les allergiques je déconseille ..
9638	L'appartement est grand et très agréable à vivre.  Très bien placé, il est idéal si vous souhaitez visiter paris : accès facile aux lieux touristiques 	Grand appartement, très lumineux et à 50m des transports. Très bien placé pour visiter Paris. Le quartier est très sympa.  2 Chambres / 2 Grands lits / 1 salon  Salle de bain et WC séparé.  Si intéressé, contactez-nous pour plus de photos L'appartement est grand et très agréable à vivre.  Très bien placé, il est idéal si vous souhaitez visiter paris : accès facile aux lieux touristiques L'appartement est tout équipé dans la cuisine.  Possibilité d'avoir serviettes de bain si besoin et nous mettons à disposition des draps pour les lits. La ligne 6 du métro se trouve à 2 min à pied.  Divers bus desservent les centres touristiques.
9639	Chambre charmante (briques rouges apparentes), propre et lumineuse avec 2 fenêtres (double vitrage).	Chambre charmante (briques rouges apparentes), propre et lumineuse avec 2 fenêtres (double vitrage). Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec douche, machine à laver De nombreux commerces à proximité (boulangerie, supermarché, boucher, poissonnier...) mais également un marché le dimanche à 5 minutes à pied de l'appartement. Vous avez également accès aux quais de Seine et au quartier de Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Quartier très sympa, safe et agréable! Ligne 14 (métro Olympiades) ou ligne 6 (métro Nationale)  Bus (phone number hidden)) A 10 minutes de Place d'Italie A 10 minutes de Chatelet A 15 minutes de Saint Lazare
9640	Le logement est agréablement frais lors des journées chaudes de l'été. Idéal pour un petit séjour estival dans la capital.	Studio spacieux de 44 mètres carrés, au rez-de-chaussée d'une rue tranquille. La cuisine est équipée d'un évier, d'une plaque de cuisson au gaz et d'un four. La salle de bain est équipée d'un lavabo et d'une baignoire sabot où l'on peut se doucher. Le logement est agréablement frais lors des journées chaudes de l'été. Idéal pour un petit séjour estival dans la capital. Vous aurez accès à la cour intérieure pour protéger vos vélos, trottinettes, etc. Nous vous aiderons avec plaisir dans la mesure du possible :-) Tout peut se faire à pied! Métro: La ligne 7 est à 5 minutes à pied Épicerie et supermarchés: la première épicerie est à moins de trois minutes à pied, le premier supermarché est à huit minutes à pied. Un marché est ouvert le matin, à cinq minutes à pied. Restauration: une multitude de restaurants sont disponibles à moins de 10 minutes à pied, en particulier dans la rue Mouffetard. Jardins: Les jardins du Luxembourg sont à 20 minutes à pied, le Jardin des Plantes à 16 minutes à 
9641	Luxurious and luminous one bedroom apartment centrally located in Paris.	Spacious one bedroom apt located on the top floor with elevator. Wrap-around balcony with impressive view. Comfortably fits two with all amenities provided. Walking distance to the Pantheon, Quartier Latin, and rue Mouffetard. With easily accessible public transport.  Experience real parisian lifestyle! Luxurious and luminous one bedroom apartment centrally located in Paris. Close to sites such as the Pantheon, Val de Grace, and the Sorbonne. Walking distance to rue Mouffetard and the Latin Quarter, one of Paris's oldest and liveliest neighborhoods. A real parisian-life experience! Feel free to contact by email or phone for any questions. Numerous public transportation easily accessible: Metro line 6 (Glacière) Metro line 7 (les Gobelins) Bus line 21 and 83 with bus stops right outside apt RER B (Denfert Rochereau) to Orly Airport Velib station (bike rental)
9642	Appartement de style, très lumineux (42 m²) - Métro à 5 min (Tolbiac) à 15 min du centre de Paris. Proximité immédiate du Quartier Chinois et du quartier animé de la Butte aux Cailles	Un havre de paix à 5 min de la station de métro (Tolbiac) entre Place d'Italie et La butte aux cailles. Appartement de style pierre de taille de 42 m² (2 pièces). 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Parquet, moulures. Proximité tous commerces. Appartement de style, très lumineux (42 m²) - Métro à 5 min (Tolbiac) à 15 min du centre de Paris. Proximité immédiate du Quartier Chinois et du quartier animé de la Butte aux Cailles Tolbiac ligne 7 Métro ligne 7 (Station Tolbiac) Tous commerces à proximité immédiate
9643		Deux pièces tout confort de 40 m2, très lumineux, proche de tous commerces, cet appartement comprend une salle de bain avec baignoire, une cuisine ouverte, une chambre, un grand salon avec canapé-lit et une petite entrée. A 10mn du quartier latin.
9644		Une pièce assez neuve, meublée avec salle de bains à part. Un lit confortable avec une kichenette et micro onde. Situé au 5ème étage. Rer b : cité universitaire, tram t3a : stade charlety, bus 67 : amiral mouchez bus 21 : amiral mouchez Je suis ouverte aux nouvelles cultures, c'est  avec plaisir que je puisses échanger avec les voyageurs Le calme et le parc a coté ainsi que les moyens de transport à proximité Rer B , tram t3 a, bus 67 ou bus 21
9645	Quartier très calme à 300 m de la charmante et célèbre butte aux cailles. 	Bel appartement F2 de 29 M2 très lumineux (orienté SW) au 5ème étage sans ascenseur. Une pièce équipée d'une grande mezzanine de luxe avec lit 2 places. L'autre pièce : salon avec cuisine équipée d'un clic (website hidden), WIFI, lave linge, four, frigo. Quartier très calme à 300 m de la charmante et célèbre butte aux cailles. Accès métro : place d'Italie (L 6, 5, 7) - Tolbiac (L 7) - Olympiades (L 14) Tramway : poterne des peuplier  Bus : (phone number hidden), Ligne de la Traverse
9646	You will love this luxurious but affordable 1-bedroom condo in Latin Quarter, near the Seine River, the Botanical Garden (Jardin des Plantes) and the Universities. The Seine river is also very close.  Very quiet and bright (5th and top floor with elevator, windows in every room)), 500 sq-ft, you will find here everything you need to enjoy your stay.  One bedroom, a living-room/dining room with a little space for your computer, separate fully equipped kitchen (all cookware, dishes, silverware), bathroom with shower and toilet. Perfectly designed for your privacy. It is a very charming Parisian apartment with some pieces of furniture coming from Africa, India, even an antic French chair (for decoration only, please). Newly renovated. Nice decoration, the greatest attention was given to details. Free calls to many countries, internet DSL, cable TV. Please be aware that calls to special numbers will be charged. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, microwave + grill, Nespresso machine, TV/DVD/USB with	For business or pleasure, you will enjoy our Parisian apartment, comfortable, quiet since in a large courtyard far from the street. You will find everything you need and a lot of restaurants and touristic places  a few minutes away walking or by bus. You will love this luxurious but affordable 1-bedroom condo in Latin Quarter, near the Seine River, the Botanical Garden (Jardin des Plantes) and the Universities. The Seine river is also very close.  Very quiet and bright (5th and top floor with elevator, windows in every room)), 500 sq-ft, you will find here everything you need to enjoy your stay.  One bedroom, a living-room/dining room with a little space for your computer, separate fully equipped kitchen (all cookware, dishes, silverware), bathroom with shower and toilet. Perfectly designed for your privacy. It is a very charming Parisian apartment with some pieces of furniture coming from Africa, India, even an antic French chair (for decoration only, please). Newly renovated. Nice de
9647	"4 pièces 120 m2 au 3ème étage avec terrasse sur un parc, lumineux,calme. Quartier historique  ""Butte aux cailles""  proche du quartier chinois. Equipé, 3 TV , internet sans fil, 2 HIFI. Salon 35m2, cuisine équipée, 2 chambres, 2 salles de bain.Bus, métro 100m Le logement est très bien distribué et équipé avec tout le (website hidden) écrans plats, HIFI, piano, cuisine avec plaque chauffante, machine à laver, four, lave vaisselle, hotte, réfrigérateur. Vur très dégagée sur un parc avec 8 fenêtres, une terrasse équipée, grand ascenseur Tout le logement et les équipements est accessible sauf une troisième chambre. Interdiction de fumer dans l'appartement mais on peut sur la terrasse bien sur. Je peux échanger avec les voyageurs par e mail ou par téléphone. Mon fils qui a un autre appartement sera aussi disponible pour répondre aux demandes des voyageurs Le quartier est celui de la""butte aux cailles"" qui est de quartiers historiques de Paris. Quartier très parisien la butte aux cailles situ"	"120 m2, 3 pièces , terrasse équipée. très calme, vue sur le parc ascenseur,3è étage, très lumineux, très bien équipé, inernet sans fil, hifi, vidéo, salon très grand. situé entre 2 quartiers animés à 2mn à pied ""buttes aux cailles"" et ""quartier chinois"". 4 pièces 120 m2 au 3ème étage avec terrasse sur un parc, lumineux,calme. Quartier historique  ""Butte aux cailles""  proche du quartier chinois. Equipé, 3 TV , internet sans fil, 2 HIFI. Salon 35m2, cuisine équipée, 2 chambres, 2 salles de bain.Bus, métro 100m Le logement est très bien distribué et équipé avec tout le (website hidden) écrans plats, HIFI, piano, cuisine avec plaque chauffante, machine à laver, four, lave vaisselle, hotte, réfrigérateur. Vur très dégagée sur un parc avec 8 fenêtres, une terrasse équipée, grand ascenseur Tout le logement et les équipements est accessible sauf une troisième chambre. Interdiction de fumer dans l'appartement mais on peut sur la terrasse bien sur. Je peux échanger avec les voyageurs par e mail "
9648	c'est un veritable atelier d'artiste, belle lumiere et 4m de hauteur sous plafond. Rdc donnant sur une cour tres calme.  	c'est un veritable atelier d'artiste, belle lumiere et 4m de hauteur sous plafond. Rdc donnant sur une cour tres calme.  J'ai un chat et il est possible que je demande à le nourrir durant votre sejour. les voyageurs beneficient du logement en entier, salon, chambres , salle de bain, cuisine. la proximité immediate du jardin du luxembourg, la possibilité de tout faire à pied, rejoindre le qaurtier latin, montparnasse ou mouffetard en moins de 15 minutes de marche. RER B, bus 83,38,91, autolib, vélib
9649	Luminous and spacious, we live here all year long and only propose it for rent when on holiday. The apartment features all the elements of a pleasant sojourn for families and friends alike!	Your holiday accomodation awaits you in the 5th arrondissement, halfway between popular Butte aux Cailles and The Latin Quarter. Extremely central, this 754ft2 Parisian apartment is only a stroll away from famous Rue Mouffetard. Luminous and spacious, we live here all year long and only propose it for rent when on holiday. The apartment features all the elements of a pleasant sojourn for families and friends alike! The entire apartment is left to your leisure. We can also provide you with a baby cot we kept. The kitchen is fully and newly equipped. Fans are provided in each room for summer stays. WIFI internet, free phone internationally on many destinations and cable TV + BlueRay reader are also at your disposal. We will welcome you as we would our friends. My wife and I are keen on art and architecture so we will advise you on interesting 'off-guide' visits. Towels and linen are provided. Nearby bus stops and Métro stations will facilitate your to-and-fros. Indeed, its location offer
9650	Very cosy and comfy, you will feel like home. Close to quartier des Gobelins, Butte au Caille and Quai de la Seine. Available for one or two persons	    One bedroom flat 30sqm near Place d'Italie ( Métro 5,6,7 ), in a high standard parisian building, on the 3rd floor with lifts. This apartement has sitting room, open kitchen, bathroom with tube. Bright flat with garden view.                Very cosy and comfy, you will feel like home. Close to quartier des Gobelins, Butte au Caille and Quai de la Seine. Available for one or two persons The appartment is provided with a king size bed is available, tube in the bathroom and fully equipped kitchen. Close to quartier des Gobelins, Butte au Caille and Quai de la Seine. Shopping Center in Italie 2. Nice restaurants, café and bistrot around. Easy access by metro and buses. Taxi available 30 meters walk
9651	Immeuble récent, avec digicode. Studio neuf, tout équipé : - entrée : placard, extincteur, trousse de secours - salon : canapé-lit (matelas 14 cm d'épaisseur), oreillers et couette, draps, penderie, table basse, meuble-bureau, tabouret, chaise, aspirateur, TV, internet - terrasse : table et chaises - kitchenette : four à micro-ondes avec gril et convection, table de cuisson électrique 2 feux, hotte, réfrigérateur avec freezer, bouilloire électrique, vaisselle, torchon - salle de bain : douche, lavabo, placard, serviettes, WC, lave-linge, étendoir, fer à repasser, planche à repasser, séchoir à cheveux 	Beau studio, tout neuf, de 21 m2. 8ème et dernier étage avec ascenseur. Terrasse, plein ouest, avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Au cœur du 13ème arrondissement, entre le parc de Choisy et le centre commercial Italie 2. Métro Place d'Italie. Immeuble récent, avec digicode. Studio neuf, tout équipé : - entrée : placard, extincteur, trousse de secours - salon : canapé-lit (matelas 14 cm d'épaisseur), oreillers et couette, draps, penderie, table basse, meuble-bureau, tabouret, chaise, aspirateur, TV, internet - terrasse : table et chaises - kitchenette : four à micro-ondes avec gril et convection, table de cuisson électrique 2 feux, hotte, réfrigérateur avec freezer, bouilloire électrique, vaisselle, torchon - salle de bain : douche, lavabo, placard, serviettes, WC, lave-linge, étendoir, fer à repasser, planche à repasser, séchoir à cheveux Studio entièrement accessible Je recevrai moi-même les voyageurs et je répondrai bien volontiers à toutes leurs questions, y compris pour organiser leu
9652		Merci 巴黎民宿位於法式公寓二樓，無電梯，獨立門戶進出，不與屋主或他人同住，具有完全的隱私。公寓內部面積共 25 平方米，一房一廳一衛 (含廚房)，各房廳、浴室均有窗戶，採光通風佳，不西曬，空間舒適。 雙人床、書桌椅、書架、衣櫃、暖氣、免費網路、免費撥打市內電話。 廚房內有餐桌椅、冰箱、電爐、熱水壺、微波爐、咖啡機、餐具、開瓶器等。 衛浴提供浴巾、吹風機、衛生紙、洗髮精、沐浴乳、洗手乳，請自備牙刷牙膏及個人清潔用品。 提供多本旅遊書籍、雜誌借閱，省去行李的重量。
9653		Modern Studio in the heart of Paris. Located on avenue des Gobelins between rue Mouffetard and Place d'Italie, hidden behind a cute and very Parisian courtyard. Very bright apartment with a beautiful view on the famous Paris' roofs. You will get the entire place. Very well served. Metro 7 is just in front of the building, ligne 5 and 6 is at 5/10mn walking distance. Many buses are just around the corner.
9654	Grand 3 pièces lumineux pour 4 à 5 personnes au coeur du Village Jeanne d'arc. Sur une place piétonne. A 20m des commerces, du métro ligne 14 (Olympiades) et du Bus n°27 (quartier latin, Notre-Dame, Panthéon, Le Louvre, Opéra). Idéal familles. Grand 3 pièces de 70 m2, entièrement refait à neuf il y a 3 ans, situé au 9e étage d'un immeuble de 12 étages.  Grand salon avec cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte et espace salle à manger. Canapé-lit 2 personnes (matelas très confortable).  1 chambre avec lit 2 places (matelas Dunlopillo) 1 chambre avec 1 mezzanine Lundia 1 place + 1 lit bébé (possibilité d'installer un lit parapluie en plus). Salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés. Draps et serviettes fournis Village Jeanne d'Arc. Quartier calme et typiquement parisien, très commerçant. Joli marché tous les dimanches. Un village à Paris. Idéalement situé, il permet de rayonner sur tout Paris (ligne 6 / Tour Eiffel, quartier latin, quais de Seine, la Grande Bibliothèque, le Jardin des Plantes	4 pièces lumineux pour 5/6 personnes au coeur du Village Jeanne d'arc. Sur une place piétonne. A 20m des commerces, du métro ligne 14 (Olympiades) et du Bus n°27 (quartier latin, Notre-Dame, Panthéon, Le Louvre, Opéra). Idéal familles. Grand 3 pièces lumineux pour 4 à 5 personnes au coeur du Village Jeanne d'arc. Sur une place piétonne. A 20m des commerces, du métro ligne 14 (Olympiades) et du Bus n°27 (quartier latin, Notre-Dame, Panthéon, Le Louvre, Opéra). Idéal familles. Grand 3 pièces de 70 m2, entièrement refait à neuf il y a 3 ans, situé au 9e étage d'un immeuble de 12 étages.  Grand salon avec cuisine entièrement équipée ouverte et espace salle à manger. Canapé-lit 2 personnes (matelas très confortable).  1 chambre avec lit 2 places (matelas Dunlopillo) 1 chambre avec 1 mezzanine Lundia 1 place + 1 lit bébé (possibilité d'installer un lit parapluie en plus). Salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés. Draps et serviettes fournis Village Jeanne d'Arc. Quartier calme et typiquement
9655	Hello ! Room to sublet in appartment of 100m sq, fully furnished ! There are 4 rooms in total and it's a shared appartment, but you'll have full access to everything (kitchen, living room, balcony with amazing view of Paris) and internet, everything included ! The building is very near Place d'Italie, and only 500 metres away from the Seine river. Right next to métro station Chevaleret, there are commerces and everything you need near by.  The room for rent is 14 sq m, with king size bed, armoire, desk, and access to the balcony ! Sunny and lightfull in the morning. The appartment is shared with 3 other people who live in it and everyone has its own room.  Couples accepted ! Contact me for further information ! Thanks and have a nice day 1 Carolina.	Beautifull 14m sq room, fully furnished (with balcony) in 100m sq appartment (3 roomates). 13th dist (Chevaleret). Access to everything: internet, washing, 25m sq living room and very lightfull ! True opportunity ! Hello ! Room to sublet in appartment of 100m sq, fully furnished ! There are 4 rooms in total and it's a shared appartment, but you'll have full access to everything (kitchen, living room, balcony with amazing view of Paris) and internet, everything included ! The building is very near Place d'Italie, and only 500 metres away from the Seine river. Right next to métro station Chevaleret, there are commerces and everything you need near by.  The room for rent is 14 sq m, with king size bed, armoire, desk, and access to the balcony ! Sunny and lightfull in the morning. The appartment is shared with 3 other people who live in it and everyone has its own room.  Couples accepted ! Contact me for further information ! Thanks and have a nice day 1 Carolina. The guests will have acce
9656	42m2 arranged as follow: - 1 entrance with coat rack - A living room with a new sofa, coffee table. A possible dining area (table and 4 chairs) - A fully equipped kitchen open to the living room with breakfast bar and stools (dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge freezer, hob induction and ceramic) - A room with a double bed, a wardrobe, a bedside table - A shower room with shower (renovated in 2015), sink, washer, dry towel - Separate toilet The coating is possible in the room (1 double bed) and living room (sofa bed). Bed linen and towels are included. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator (up to 2 people in the elevator).	Comfortable 42m2 apartment in the Gobelins area, on the 3rd floor. Located in a quiet street close to shops and metros. Includes 1 bedroom, living room with new sofa bed, kitchen, shower room, separate WC. 42m2 arranged as follow: - 1 entrance with coat rack - A living room with a new sofa, coffee table. A possible dining area (table and 4 chairs) - A fully equipped kitchen open to the living room with breakfast bar and stools (dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge freezer, hob induction and ceramic) - A room with a double bed, a wardrobe, a bedside table - A shower room with shower (renovated in 2015), sink, washer, dry towel - Separate toilet The coating is possible in the room (1 double bed) and living room (sofa bed). Bed linen and towels are included. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator (up to 2 people in the elevator). The apartment is available with a digital lock and access badge with beeping on the intercom. Depending on the date, you will be welcomed by myse
9657		Chambre privée avec salle de bain, dans un appartement deux pièces très propre, en plein Paris, à deux pas du centre commercial Italie 2.
9658	Ce logement donne une indépendance totale aux visiteurs au niveau de l'organisation de chacun (horaires d'entrée et de sortie, gestions des repas, temps de repos... Il est à proximité de stations de vélib et autolib ce qui donne encore plus d'autonomie avec un tarif plus intéressant que les transports en commun. This flat let visitors' free to organise the stay.  Booking it, is a way to let you free to wake up at when you want, eat at the time you want, rest or go out for a walk or a visit. What ever you want as long as neighborhood and apartment are respected... It's close to velib and autolib stations wich let guest's free (for a lower price than the tube or the bus) to go anywhere in Paris. Este apartamiento da una independencia total a los visitadores al nivel de la organización de cada uno (horarios de entrada y de salida, gestiones de las comidas, tiempo de descanso...). Esta cerca de velib y autolib stations. Entonces, es muy practico (y mas barato que el metro o el autobus) par	Lovely 23m2 cosy studio in Gaublins' district. Ground floor in a very calme place next to René Legall square close to quartier Latin, la Butte aux Cailles and Chinese district. English and Spanish spoken. Free access to kitcheen for basic cooking Ce logement donne une indépendance totale aux visiteurs au niveau de l'organisation de chacun (horaires d'entrée et de sortie, gestions des repas, temps de repos... Il est à proximité de stations de vélib et autolib ce qui donne encore plus d'autonomie avec un tarif plus intéressant que les transports en commun. This flat let visitors' free to organise the stay.  Booking it, is a way to let you free to wake up at when you want, eat at the time you want, rest or go out for a walk or a visit. What ever you want as long as neighborhood and apartment are respected... It's close to velib and autolib stations wich let guest's free (for a lower price than the tube or the bus) to go anywhere in Paris. Este apartamiento da una independencia total a los
9659	The flat is located in a very charming private court, sunny orientation, and 3mn walk from Place d'Italie metro station.  It is 38sq/mètres carrés, has a double bed for 2 people in the main bedroom, but also a sofa-bed which can accommodate 2 extra people.  The flat is very well equipped: Nespresso coffee machine, sugar, tea, coffee, saucepans, spices etc - everything you need to make you really feel at home. We have also a umbrella and hairdryer available for our guests.	    Lovely flat ideally located 3mn walk from Place d'Italie metro station, accommodating 4 people, and enjoying the real local feel that the cosy Butte aux Cailles neighbourhood has to offer with its many bistrots and bars.              The flat is located in a very charming private court, sunny orientation, and 3mn walk from Place d'Italie metro station.  It is 38sq/mètres carrés, has a double bed for 2 people in the main bedroom, but also a sofa-bed which can accommodate 2 extra people.  The flat is very well equipped: Nespresso coffee machine, sugar, tea, coffee, saucepans, spices etc - everything you need to make you really feel at home. We have also a umbrella and hairdryer available for our guests. The flat has a kitchen with all necessary utensils, a TV, a washing machine for the dishes and a bathroom for which towels are provided. We will be happy to provide you with more should you have any particular need - just write us in advance! The flat enjoys the practical location of 
9660	Idéal pour stage, déplacement, vacances en couple ou en famille.  Possibilité  6 couchages. Appartement F3 immeuble avec digicode.  Avenue des Gobelins, dans un quartier touristique, sécurisé. Appartement meublé et (website hidden) et Internet ADSL haut débit, gratuit et illimité (Wifi). Entrée Living, avec canapé convertible de 2 personnes Deux chambres : dont une avec un grand lit de deux personnes, une seconde avec une banquette lit pour deux personnes.  Cuisine : tout équipé ( sauf lave linge)  Salle de bain Baignoire et deux vasques.  WC séparés.  Sèche cheveux. Linge fourni : Pour tout le séjour  Draps  : les lits sont fait   serviettes de bain, (une par personne) NON FUMEURS PAS  D' ANIMAUX Durée minimum 3 NUITS 	    Appartement F3  immeuble avec  digicode. Paris 13 ème, à proximité du 5 ème  dans un quartier touristique, sécurisé. Situé en plein milieu d'un quartier charmant, calme. Cinémas, rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes,  restaurants.    Idéal pour stage, déplacement, vacances en couple ou en famille.  Possibilité  6 couchages. Appartement F3 immeuble avec digicode.  Avenue des Gobelins, dans un quartier touristique, sécurisé. Appartement meublé et (website hidden) et Internet ADSL haut débit, gratuit et illimité (Wifi). Entrée Living, avec canapé convertible de 2 personnes Deux chambres : dont une avec un grand lit de deux personnes, une seconde avec une banquette lit pour deux personnes.  Cuisine : tout équipé ( sauf lave linge)  Salle de bain Baignoire et deux vasques.  WC séparés.  Sèche cheveux. Linge fourni : Pour tout le séjour  Draps  : les lits sont fait   serviettes de bain, (une par personne) NON FUMEURS PAS  D' ANIMAUX Durée minimum 3 NUITS Métro a 10 mètres, taxi a 50 mètres
9661		Nous vous proposons un appartement dans un quartier typiquement parisien entre le quartier chinois et la Butte-aux-Cailles. Entièrement rénovée fin 2011, cette ancienne loge de gardien sur cour au calme est soigneusement décorée. 2 personnes peuvent
9662		Appartement très lumineux (plein sud), avec deux chambres et un canapé lit. A deux pas de la rue Mouffetard, marché typique et très vivant. Proche quartier latin (Panthéon, jardin du luxembourg). Métro (gobelins ligne 7) et bus (phone number hidden))
9663	Logement très clair et ensoleillé, extrêmement calme . Lave Linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, wi fi, télé, chaîne hi-fi stéréo, piano.	The apartment is very central, peaceful and sunny. Panoramic views over the Paris sights from the living room, and three quiet bedrooms with 2 double beds + 1 single bed. The sofa turns into a  bed in the living room and there is also  1 single bed in the living room - which means 7 people can sleep. Three metro lines which will take you to the main sights. No elevator.
9664	A two-room, ideal for one person or a couple, but can sleep up to 4 people. Very bright and quiet, this space offers a place to rest in the middle of a lively and with all services.	Very well located (quiet neighborhood and yet very active with restaurants, bars, shops and access to several lines of subway and bus), 1 room with double bed and a living room with sofa (fits 2 persons), bathroom, washing machine, fridge, stove, oven, etc. A two-room, ideal for one person or a couple, but can sleep up to 4 people. Very bright and quiet, this space offers a place to rest in the middle of a lively and with all services. All the appartment I won´t be present but there will be someone available. A 2 minutes from the Butte aux Cailles, very popular and busy area for its warm welcome: houses, pure underground water source, bars, cafés and restaurants, urban art; yet, it is located in a quiet street. A 4 minutes from Corvisart station metro line 6 and 4 minutes from the Place d'Italie metro station, where lines 6, 5 and 7 are taken. 3-point public bicycle nearby and several bus stops.
9665	"situé  dans le quartier des Gobelins(entre le  5ieme et 13ieme arrondissement )notre appartement a tout le charme parisien de l'ancien rénové (F4  en duplex ,avec poutres apparentes ) trés lumineux avec vue dégagée , donnant sur une cour jardin et,disposant de tout le confort ,cable ,wi fi , ect... .libre une grande partie de l'année . le quartier entre les Gobelins et la Place d'Italie ,est très animé:et trés bien desservi (3 stations de metro :Gobelins ,,Campo Formio et Place D'Italie )et plusieurs lignes de Bus . des bars, des restaurants, des cinemas,des coiffeurs ,l'hopital Salpetriere , beaucoup de commerces de proximité,, des Grands Magasins comme ""Printemps Italie"",le Musée de l'ancienne"" Fabrique des Tapisseries des Gobelins"" et le Fameux ""Jardin des Plantes "" l'appartement , dans un petit immeuble rénové , de 3 etages (ancien Hotel particulier) est calme car situé sur un petit square en retrait du Boulevard  .c'est un appartement parisien unique , qui allie la tradition dans "	"situé  dans le quartier des Gobelins(entre le  5ieme et 13ieme arrondissement )notre appartement a tout le charme parisien de l'ancien rénové (F4  en duplex ,avec poutres apparentes ) trés lumineux avec vue dégagée , donnant sur une cour jardin et,disposant de tout le confort ,cable ,wi fi , ect... .libre une grande partie de l'année . le quartier entre les Gobelins et la Place d'Italie ,est très animé:et trés bien desservi (3 stations de metro :Gobelins ,,Campo Formio et Place D'Italie )et plusieurs lignes de Bus . des bars, des restaurants, des cinemas,des coiffeurs ,l'hopital Salpetriere , beaucoup de commerces de proximité,, des Grands Magasins comme ""Printemps Italie"",le Musée de l'ancienne"" Fabrique des Tapisseries des Gobelins"" et le Fameux ""Jardin des Plantes "" l'appartement , dans un petit immeuble rénové , de 3 etages (ancien Hotel particulier) est calme car situé sur un petit square en retrait du Boulevard  .c'est un appartement parisien unique , qui allie la tradition dans "
9666	"This is a very charming and cozy 60 square meters flat, on the 5th floor in a parisian style building located in the nice area of La Butte Aux Cailles (13th)  The flat is sunny and has a little balcony illuminated by the sunlight for the whole day. Our place is a sort of cabinet de curiosités for us. It has been decorated with love and care and you will always find something funny, rare or WTF! to look at. All the rooms in the house are at our guests disposal. The Neighborhood the 13th district, is a lovely untold gem of Paris.  The arrondissement and it's safe and quiet, you can experience la ""vie de quartier"" of which we are big fans!  Ideal if you want to rest after a long day wandering around like crazy.  It's 3 minutes by feet from la Butte Aux Cailles a very suggestive area full of cafés, bars and (very good!) restaurants where you can meet a lot of cool and young people. The flat is also close to one of the most beautiful park of Paris ""Parc Montsouris"" where you can enjoy a nic"	"This is a very charming and cozy 60 square meters flat, on the 5th floor in a parisian style building located in the nice area of La Butte Aux Cailles (13th)  The flat is sunny and has a little balcony illuminated by the sunlight for the whole day. This is a very charming and cozy 60 square meters flat, on the 5th floor in a parisian style building located in the nice area of La Butte Aux Cailles (13th)  The flat is sunny and has a little balcony illuminated by the sunlight for the whole day. Our place is a sort of cabinet de curiosités for us. It has been decorated with love and care and you will always find something funny, rare or WTF! to look at. All the rooms in the house are at our guests disposal. The Neighborhood the 13th district, is a lovely untold gem of Paris.  The arrondissement and it's safe and quiet, you can experience la ""vie de quartier"" of which we are big fans!  Ideal if you want to rest after a long day wandering around like crazy.  It's 3 minutes by feet from la B"
9667		Colorful and quite flat, ideal for 2 and with a capacity of 4 (36m2/388sqf, 2 rooms, 2 big beds, bathroom and toilets separated). Gourmets, you will enjoy the well-equipped kitchen! Hedonists, the bathtub! Close to public transportations (métro 7, 14, 5, bus 47) If you let me know when you arrive in advance, I can come and pick you up at the airport or the train station by car as an option (car: Nissan Micra).  Depending on your arrival time, I would love to take some time to give you some tips about the city so you can enjoy every seconds and best use your budget during your stay in Paris !  At the heart of Chinatown and at one block from the métro and the bus leading directly to the City Centre. Quite street but surrounded by a vibrant and colorful neighborhood with plenty of delicious restaurants, tea salons, small shops, post office and supermarkets Subway - métro line 7, 14, 5 Bus 47 Welcome home ! :)
9668	Welcome aboard ! This practical and relaxing parisian apartment with balcony on the south bank of Paris has a cozy bedroom for you in a quiet neighborhood, well located just close to Chinatown and la Butte-aux-cailles. Central district with 4 main metro lines that drive you anywhere else quickly. Internet, free phone (abroad too), washing/drying machine, towels and breakfast (website hidden) and meals availables (bio/organic). And so much more !... If you have questions, just leave an email, and I'd be happy to help in any way. Come and discover the City of Lights ! See you soon !	Welcome aboard ! This practical and relaxing parisian apartment with balcony on the south bank of Paris has a cozy bedroom for you in a quiet neighborhood, well located just close to Chinatown and la Butte-aux-cailles. Central district with 4 main metro lines that drive you anywhere else quickly. Internet, free phone (abroad too), washing/drying machine, towels and breakfast (website hidden) and meals availables (bio/organic). And so much more !... If you have questions, just leave an email, and I'd be happy to help in any way. Come and discover the City of Lights ! See you soon !
9669	L'appartement se compose d'une cuisine entièrement équipée: grand four, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-onde grill, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave linge, lave vaisselle, bouilloire, d'une chambre avec un vrai lit deux places, d'un coin bureau et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, un grand salon avec une table à manger. Les toilettes sont séparés. Le linge de maison (draps et serviettes de toilette) est fourni. Situé dans un quartier vivant mais calme (supermarchés dans la rue, boulangerie, pharmacie, magasin bio), vous êtes rapidement et facilement vers tous les lieux touristiques et importants de Paris (gare de Lyon = 15 mn, gare de l'Est = 17 mn, gare du Nord = 20 mn, gare Montparnasse = 10 mn, Aéroport d'Orly en bus 30 mn, Aéroport de Roissy= 50 mn). A 15 minutes à pied de la bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Métro ligne 14 et ligne 6 à proximité. Tramway ligne 3	Dans quartier typiquement parisien, à proximité du quartier chinois, dans le 13ème arrondissement, bel appartement de 3 pièces, tout confort, pour 1 ou 2 personnes. Vivez une expérience unique en logeant chez un artiste ! L'appartement se compose d'une cuisine entièrement équipée: grand four, 4 plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-onde grill, réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave linge, lave vaisselle, bouilloire, d'une chambre avec un vrai lit deux places, d'un coin bureau et d'une salle de bain avec baignoire, un grand salon avec une table à manger. Les toilettes sont séparés. Le linge de maison (draps et serviettes de toilette) est fourni. Situé dans un quartier vivant mais calme (supermarchés dans la rue, boulangerie, pharmacie, magasin bio), vous êtes rapidement et facilement vers tous les lieux touristiques et importants de Paris (gare de Lyon = 15 mn, gare de l'Est = 17 mn, gare du Nord = 20 mn, gare Montparnasse = 10 mn, Aéroport d'Orly en bus 30 mn, Aéroport de Roissy= 50 mn). A 15 minute
9670	L'appartement est très lumineux et calme tout en étant situé à proximité de plusieurs lieux de sortie très prisés des soirées Parisiennes. 	Un de 35m2, bénéficiant d'une localisation exceptionnelle non loin de la Bibliothèque Nationale, de nombreux restaurants, bars et même de salles de spectacles flottantes et des quartiers asiatique, Butte-aux-Cailles, Gobelins & des Frigos Bienvenue! L'appartement est très lumineux et calme tout en étant situé à proximité de plusieurs lieux de sortie très prisés des soirées Parisiennes. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'ensemble des éléments. Je suis très disponible, les voyageur peuvent compter sur moi tout le long de leur séjour. L'appartement est situé à 5 min de la station de métro bibliothèque François Mitterrand, le métro 14 permet d'accéder en 15 min au centre de Paris. Il est également situé à 10 min de la station Chevaleret, le métro 6 permet un accès direct à la Tour Eiffel en 20 min, à la place de la nation en 10 min et à l'aéroport d'Orly en 40 min.  Il y a de nombreux bus à proximité également permettant de visiter Paris autrement. Le parking est situé à proximité de l'immeuble.
9671	the studio is very quiet , and in a place full of charm.  as as you enter the courtyard, you have a feeling of tranquility , it's a place where you can relax it is  located at the second floor,and there is no lift.	Dans un ancien couvent du 17 siècle, le charme de Paris pour ce grand studio(32 m2) calme, lumineux, reposant, wifi, TV, cuisine américaine toute équipée, lave linge, matériel de repassage, SDB avec baignoire/douche, nombreux rangements. the studio is very quiet , and in a place full of charm.  as as you enter the courtyard, you have a feeling of tranquility , it's a place where you can relax it is  located at the second floor,and there is no lift. it is at the metro station : glaciere . it is easy to arrive from CDG airport : RER B , direct to metro station: denfert rochereau,   then 2 metro stations,( direct).  then , 5 minutes walking.   it is also easy to arrive from ORLY airport. there a bus direct to metro station: denfert rochereau. i speak english and spanish.  As  i live at the first floor, it is not a problem if your plane is on late, or if you arrive late; i can wait for you easily.  if you need something, just ask me , and if you wish, i can recommend you some places to go.
9672	"Apartment for 2 people  1 bedroom on Mezzanine, Independent kitchen,  Living room,1 bathroom, 1 separate toilet Equipment Bedding: 1 Double bed (s) 2 seats Possibility to turn the sofa in one single bed with a good mattress  Washing machine, Freezer,Plate, Oven, Microwave, Refrigerator, Toaster, Kettle, Tumble Dryer, Shower, Iron, Ironing board, Hairdryer, Vacuum cleaner, Heating, Stereo, Cable satellite TV, Additional services Linen provided, Towels provided WIFI inclued The most quiet apartment, bright and completely renovated in 2010  metro line 6, line 14  bus 27 at the foot of the building and bus 62 to 50m  RER C at 500m (direct to the center of paris, notre dame, orsay museum,eiffel tower) station 'Velib' at the foot of the building  Tramway to ""Porte de Versailles "" exhibition halls at 100m At the foot of the building to the right is a bakery and left a supermarket open everyday till 9.00 pm deposit asked the apartment is strictly non-smoking even at the Windows, the deposit Wi"	"Apartment for 2 people  1 bedroom on Mezzanine, Independent kitchen,  Living room,1 bathroom, 1 separate toilet Equipment Bedding: 1 Double bed (s) 2 seats Possibility to turn the sofa in one single bed with a good mattress  Washing machine, Freezer,Plate, Oven, Microwave, Refrigerator, Toaster, Kettle, Tumble Dryer, Shower, Iron, Ironing board, Hairdryer, Vacuum cleaner, Heating, Stereo, Cable satellite TV, Additional services Linen provided, Towels provided WIFI inclued The most quiet apartment, bright and completely renovated in 2010  metro line 6, line 14  bus 27 at the foot of the building and bus 62 to 50m  RER C at 500m (direct to the center of paris, notre dame, orsay museum,eiffel tower) station 'Velib' at the foot of the building  Tramway to ""Porte de Versailles "" exhibition halls at 100m At the foot of the building to the right is a bakery and left a supermarket open everyday till 9.00 pm deposit asked the apartment is strictly non-smoking even at the Windows, the deposit Wi"
9673	Over the historical aspect, I've tried to settle a montain chalet area giving a charming & warm atmosphere. an impressive silence all around you, only birds may wake you up in the morning. the garden downstairs can welcome for lunch or diner picnic up to 6 pax are possible but the flat is ideal for 4. room #1 = 180x200 bed (22cm mattress) room #2 = 2 beds 70x190. can be joined for a 140x190 + a convertible sofa 140x190. 3D TV, Cable TV, private Wifi internet access dock station for Iphone & Ipod 4. Whasher (not dryer), toaster and coffee machine available. basics food products peper, salt, oils, vinegar, rice) and all the content of the storage will be yours  liner, towels will be installed for your arrival standard Shampoo & shower gel are available  basic pharmacy is also available	Welcome to the barracks of Napoleon's Italian campaign ! I will welcome you with pleasure at home and will give you the keys of this charming apartment of 2/3 rooms in the heart of Paris. A mix of authenticity , modernity and cocooning. Over the historical aspect, I've tried to settle a montain chalet area giving a charming & warm atmosphere. an impressive silence all around you, only birds may wake you up in the morning. the garden downstairs can welcome for lunch or diner picnic up to 6 pax are possible but the flat is ideal for 4. room #1 = 180x200 bed (22cm mattress) room #2 = 2 beds 70x190. can be joined for a 140x190 + a convertible sofa 140x190. 3D TV, Cable TV, private Wifi internet access dock station for Iphone & Ipod 4. Whasher (not dryer), toaster and coffee machine available. basics food products peper, salt, oils, vinegar, rice) and all the content of the storage will be yours  liner, towels will be installed for your arrival standard Shampoo & shower gel are available  b
9674		La chambre se trouve au 1er étage de l'immeuble et est très bien ensoleillé, proche des grands lieux touristiques, Le quartier est très calme et dispose de tous les commerces. à 2 minutes du métro.
9675	The living room features a superb alcove with a comfortable sofa that happens to also be a large double bed (160×200cm). The bedroom also has a large double bed (160×200cm). The kitchen is fully equipped, a microwave-grill oven, a kettle, an Italian coffee maker, an electric stove, a fridge with freezer. The bathroom features toilet, sink, and shower. A dedicated very high speed Internet connection is available throughout the appartement with Wi-Fi (100 Mbps download, 5 Mbps upload).	Welcome to my charming two room apartment facing the famous Gobelins Manufactury! Located on the 4th floor of an ancient building, it features a vestibule, a large living room with alcove, a bedroom, a bathroom… Enjoy the atmosphere and decoration! The living room features a superb alcove with a comfortable sofa that happens to also be a large double bed (160×200cm). The bedroom also has a large double bed (160×200cm). The kitchen is fully equipped, a microwave-grill oven, a kettle, an Italian coffee maker, an electric stove, a fridge with freezer. The bathroom features toilet, sink, and shower. A dedicated very high speed Internet connection is available throughout the appartement with Wi-Fi (100 Mbps download, 5 Mbps upload). You will have the entire apartment to yourself! I lease this apartment when I’m away; I will probably not be here to welcome you, but I can easily be reached to advise you on restaurants, movie theaters, concert halls, opera house and so on. I speak English flue
9676	The apartment is very quiet (the apartment windows are situated above a courtyard), on the 5th floor (without an elevator). It is fully reserved for you during your stay. Very little furniture used to my personal clothes will not be available. But most of the furniture (95%) is available for you. It's for 3 persons maximum. There is a large bedroom with a bed for two persons and a 5 seat sofa in the living room which can be used as a bed for a third person. The kitchen is complete, appliances equipements available (Electric juicer, Coffee machine, Toaster, fridge / refrigerator, raclette device, gas cooker with 4 gas hobs, combined microwave oven grill « Multi cuisson », dishwasher for laundry (laundry washing machine) etc.) The bathroom includes a shower and a water closed, and soap, shampoo/shower gel, towels etc. are available. The apartment is very quiet, on the 5th floor, with a private entrance. There is also off course television, internet WIFI, stereo, DVD reader. WIFI internet	"This apartment (41 m2) is in the 13th district of Paris (South East of Paris neighborhood), a fast-growing neighborhood. Situated on the left bank of the River Seine (the famed ""Rive Gauche""), you will enjoy the classic and modern faces of Paris in the same place The apartment is very quiet (the apartment windows are situated above a courtyard), on the 5th floor (without an elevator). It is fully reserved for you during your stay. Very little furniture used to my personal clothes will not be available. But most of the furniture (95%) is available for you. It's for 3 persons maximum. There is a large bedroom with a bed for two persons and a 5 seat sofa in the living room which can be used as a bed for a third person. The kitchen is complete, appliances equipements available (Electric juicer, Coffee machine, Toaster, fridge / refrigerator, raclette device, gas cooker with 4 gas hobs, combined microwave oven grill « Multi cuisson », dishwasher for laundry (laundry washing machine) etc.) T"
9677	5 minutes from the metro Tolbiac (l.7). Super nice , cozy and comfortable. Very quiet. The neighbourhood is  very safe. 2nd floor (elevator) of a modern building	5' from métro TOLBIAC (l.7) bus 62 across the street. 15' from center of Paris. Clean, quiet, lots of light. 2nd fl of a modern 6fl residence. fully equipped kitchen . Breakfast . Internet/TV/tel (free to 103 countries). Super market 2' also market. 5 minutes from the metro Tolbiac (l.7). Super nice , cozy and comfortable. Very quiet. The neighbourhood is  very safe. 2nd floor (elevator) of a modern building The apartment is impeccable and very clean. In the kitchen, there is a micro wave oven, hot plates, washing machine (with laundry detergent), fridge, electric keetle, coffee machine and all the tableware. The bed is convertible but it really feels like a REAL bed. Shower in the bathroom, hair dryer. and of course extra towels, sheets etc... I don't live in the apt so it's super clean and not cluttered by personal stuff I live 15mn from the apt so if my guests need anything i will be there asap! if you need to make a reservation to a show or any info regarding an exhibition. Don't h
9678	Great opportunity. This spacious family apartment offers all modern comfort, is well suited for a visit of Paris with family or friends. 6 real places places, all located in the 4 bedrooms : 1 master bedroom with kingsize bedroom and flowered balcony. 2 more room with a single bed each and the last one with a twin size trundle beds that can be put side-by-side for a couple. The kitchen is large enough to accommodate a dining corner. She is well equipped with Oven, Microwave oven, induction cooker, dishwasher & laundry machine, large fridge & deep freezer. The main room is spacious, and have both a lounge part (chairs, sofa & coffee table, TV, HiFi) and a dining table part, with a large table which accommodate 10 people). 1 large bathroom with bath, washbassin & toilet. A shower room with another basin and a separate toilet.	Enjoy a central place in Paris, with a large appartement that can accomodate up to 6 people - all in real bedrooms ! This can be well-suited for family with children or grown-up. Not far from several Metro lines (6, 14, C), markets, Pool on La Seine. Great opportunity. This spacious family apartment offers all modern comfort, is well suited for a visit of Paris with family or friends. 6 real places places, all located in the 4 bedrooms : 1 master bedroom with kingsize bedroom and flowered balcony. 2 more room with a single bed each and the last one with a twin size trundle beds that can be put side-by-side for a couple. The kitchen is large enough to accommodate a dining corner. She is well equipped with Oven, Microwave oven, induction cooker, dishwasher & laundry machine, large fridge & deep freezer. The main room is spacious, and have both a lounge part (chairs, sofa & coffee table, TV, HiFi) and a dining table part, with a large table which accommodate 10 people). 1 large bathroom w
9679		Chambre calme dans un appartement refait à neuf au troisième étage avec ascenseur, tout confort pour 2 personnes, près du Métro Maison Blanche Ligne N°7, Tramway, Bus, commerce et quartier chinois plein de restaurants. Idéale pour vous reposer après une journée de visite ou travail.
9680		Very sunny, last floor, colorful,  you can even put a hammock inside the living room and the bedroom!
9681		Le calme, la lumière.... Les transports nombreux, en bas logement entier Un simple texto et je vous suis disponible en cas de besoin Entre quartier chinois et la Bibliothèque Mitterrand. Fac de Tolbiac... Nombreux transports, bus et métro ( ligne 14). Quartier très calme le soir. Studio très calme, clair, toute la journée donnant sur une cour. Ligne 14 et ligne 6 de métro. Bus 62 et 27 au bas de l'immeuble.
9682	Large family appartment (82m²) with 3 bedrooms located in the center of Paris (Gobelins and Place d'Italie). Ideally located to visit Paris with your friends and family. In front of the building, there is a large park for kids or sport.	Large 82m square appartement located near the 5th (Mouffetard and Pantheon) district of Paris in peaceful area with a park. Accommodations and subway (Gobelins and place Italie) are  close from the place. Large family appartment (82m²) with 3 bedrooms located in the center of Paris (Gobelins and Place d'Italie). Ideally located to visit Paris with your friends and family. In front of the building, there is a large park for kids or sport.
9683	Good location, close to Place d'Italie. Many markets, stores and pubs. Good proximity with public transportation.	Fully equipped apartment near Place d'Italie (arr. 13) .Can accommodate 2 or 4 people max.Plaa quiet street with a small church in côté.Très good proximity to public transport (27,83,64 bus, subway 5,6,7,14) .Access rapid tourist points. Good location, close to Place d'Italie. Many markets, stores and pubs. Good proximity with public transportation. Good proximity to public transportation. 5 min to walk to underground n.6, 14 and 10 min to walk to 5, 6, and n.7.  20 minutes by the underground, we arrive at the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees.2 min walk to Bus 27, which makes its way to Luxembourg Gardens, Notre Dame de Paris, the Louvre, Opera, Galeries Lafayette. Metro 5'm commuting to North Station and Gare de l'Est. 14 Metro Gare de Lyon. RER C (15 min walk) to go to the Palace of Versailles. Carrefour supermarket, Leader Price, Franprix, very close Casino. Exchange for any information (in English, French, Russian and Spanish) Very quiet neighborhood, lots of bakeries, deli meats, 
9684		Chambre agréable, bien éclairée par deux fenêtres, avec lit futon japanese , coin bureau et wi-fi. Cuisine equipée et disponible; salle de bain et WC sépares. Boulangerie et commerce à moins de 50m. En plus ! Très proche du Métro, RER et Velib.
9685	The place is a 26m2 apartment that has two rooms, one bedroom and the other is the living room/kitchen (it has a thick curtain instead of a door) with a comfortable sofa-bed I rent!	Stay in a safe, local, trending neighborhood with a local expert that will help you plan your experience in Paris The place is a 26m2 apartment that has two rooms, one bedroom and the other is the living room/kitchen (it has a thick curtain instead of a door) with a comfortable sofa-bed I rent! Check In/Out anytime you want. Anything on the fridge is available for you I will provide you with provide fresh blankets and towels. The apartment which is on the seventh floor (with elevator), has got a kitchen with microwave, oven, washing machine. The toilet as in many French homes is independent of the bathroom. Internet acces via Wifi is available. Look up Anto's Paris online! I love Paris. Been living here for 8 years, I'd be more than happy to share with you my knowledge of the city, and to help you see the best of it, Parisian style, or if you're here for the main attractions, the best times to go, rates and the like. You came to Paris to see the top 10: Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame Cathedr
9686	Fully equipped kitchen: Laundry machine, combined microwave and oven, fridge, deep freeze, all the small electronic equipment needed… (Toaster, kettle). American kitchen.  The bathroom includes a large shower. Towels are included.  The bedroom is furnished with a small desk and a large queen bed with a balcony. The living-room is furnished with a convertible couch (sleeps two people), a relaxing armchair, a flat screen TV. Wi-fi is working great.	Quiet, clear and functional, this apartment offers a living-room, one bedroom a bathroom and a balcony. It is located near food stores and transportation. You can reach the center of Paris within 15 minutes. Fully equipped kitchen: Laundry machine, combined microwave and oven, fridge, deep freeze, all the small electronic equipment needed… (Toaster, kettle). American kitchen.  The bathroom includes a large shower. Towels are included.  The bedroom is furnished with a small desk and a large queen bed with a balcony. The living-room is furnished with a convertible couch (sleeps two people), a relaxing armchair, a flat screen TV. Wi-fi is working great. The whole appartment I will be available via texts and email The area is quiet, well situated to go around Paris with transportation.  The Streets around are full with artisanal shops but also restaurants and supermakets. The very modern area Bibliothèque, the Asian area, the are with many bars La Butte aux Cailles are very close. Bus line
9687	Set in a great location, in a calm flowery pathway, in the heart of Paris' Latin Quarter, and two feet away from every kind of public transport thanks to the Austerlitz train station across the street. Other advantages: spacious living-room with open-plan kitchen and great thermal insulation in summer and winter. Big enough for 1 person if the bed is folded, 2 persons if the bed is unfolded.	A 30m² (2R) apartment nestled in a flowery pathway and equiped with everything you need: refrigerator, hot plates, washing machine, TV set, Wi-Fi, etc. 5th arrondissement, with bus, metro lines, and the gorgeous Jardin des Plantes just two feet away. Set in a great location, in a calm flowery pathway, in the heart of Paris' Latin Quarter, and two feet away from every kind of public transport thanks to the Austerlitz train station across the street. Other advantages: spacious living-room with open-plan kitchen and great thermal insulation in summer and winter. Big enough for 1 person if the bed is folded, 2 persons if the bed is unfolded. Equipped with: a washing machine, a refrigerator, a freezer, hot plates, a microwave, a TV set, a computer (with Internet access through fiber optic cable), Wi-Fi access and printer-scanner-copy machine. I'll be there on the day of your arrival to greet you and you can contact me whenever you need help or information. The neighborhood offers maximum ac
9688	Welcome to Paris XIII ! We are pleased to welcome you in our calm, sunny and cleverly arranged 42 sqm apartment ! Whether visiting on your own, or with your little tribe (ideal if your little angels/demons are coming aboard with you), our apartment will make you feel confortable and at home !	Welcome in our XIIIth Our home is available for you ! 42m2 cleverly organized for a confortable stay for you (or perhaps you and your little tribe) in Paris. Quick access to the heart of the capital, and also plenty of things to enjoy right here ! Welcome to Paris XIII ! We are pleased to welcome you in our calm, sunny and cleverly arranged 42 sqm apartment ! Whether visiting on your own, or with your little tribe (ideal if your little angels/demons are coming aboard with you), our apartment will make you feel confortable and at home ! Bathroom with shower and restroom Towels heater Kitchen with oven, microwave, ceramic glass cooktop, dishwahser, fridge, freezer Queen size bed Convertible sofa - queen size - real matress Well equipped children bedroom (bed for 3/6Y + bed for 1-3Y)  Kids toys & books Office corner with PC (office 2010 - Games, large movie and TV shows collection (in english)  PS3/Games + TV + DVD 1st contact by email & phone We will meet at least when handing out the ap
9689	Hi ! We live in a charming apartment of 27 meters square at the 4th floor out of 5 (without elevator). We got 1 living room, 1 separated bedroom, a little kitchen (enough to cook a pleasant meal) and a bathroom. Our apartment is very bright and gives onto a little courtyard. We have all the devices you need to appreciate your journey in our apartment.	Charming apartment of 27 meters square with 1 bedroom separated. Very close to Place d'Italie, Denfert-Rochereau and the Panthéon (10min walk). Bright, quiet, well equipped and in a safe neighbourhood, this apartment can receive 2 persons. Hi ! We live in a charming apartment of 27 meters square at the 4th floor out of 5 (without elevator). We got 1 living room, 1 separated bedroom, a little kitchen (enough to cook a pleasant meal) and a bathroom. Our apartment is very bright and gives onto a little courtyard. We have all the devices you need to appreciate your journey in our apartment. You will have access to all the rooms in the apartment. You could use the owen - microwaves, fridge, electric hotplate, kettle, TV, Wifi, electric heater. You will find a more detailed list in the apartment. We will be off from October the 3rd October the 19th. However, we will be available by email and phone-call before you arrive in the apartment and give you all the details you need. The neighbourhoo
9690	35 square meters, fith floor without lift, balcony, 1 double bed and 1 sofa (4 people), large bath, fireplace, bike.  Appart parisien de 35 m2 bien agencé, au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, vue agréable. Doté d'un beau parquet, décoration soignée, balcon avec table et chaises. Baignoire d'angle, rare à Paris. Un lit double et un canapé convertible (4 voyageurs). Vélo d'appartement disponible. Belle cheminée ancienne décorative.	Cosy flat in a nice & trendy area. Close to all monuments to visit in Paris.  Sheets and towels provided. 13eme, proche bibliothèque F Mitterrand et M14 (accès rapide à tous les monuments de Paris). Toutes commodités. 2 pièces avec belle déco, balcon, baignoire d'angle et wifi. Draps et serviettes fournis. 35 square meters, fith floor without lift, balcony, 1 double bed and 1 sofa (4 people), large bath, fireplace, bike.  Appart parisien de 35 m2 bien agencé, au 5ème étage sans ascenseur, vue agréable. Doté d'un beau parquet, décoration soignée, balcon avec table et chaises. Baignoire d'angle, rare à Paris. Un lit double et un canapé convertible (4 voyageurs). Vélo d'appartement disponible. Belle cheminée ancienne décorative. Close to all you need : shops, restaurants, bars, cinema, park, market, transportation, nightlife... A proximité directe : commerces, restaurants, bars, cinema, parc, marché, métro, bus, vélos en libre service, vie nocturne... I'll give you advices and good deals 
9691	The flat is very light, and has quite high ceilings (3m), situated on the ground floor of a very friendly coop, you can enjoy a very nice shared terrasse, particulary lovely in spring and summer. it is fully equipped, has a fast wifi access.  there will be fresh bed linen and towels for you when you arrive. Don't hesitate if you have any questions!  	"This loft style 33 m2 appartement is located in a very calm and charming area, between ""les gobelins"" and ""glacière"", very close from rue mouffetard and quartier latin."
9692	Our apartment is located on a private road, on the 3rd floor with a little lift and oriented on the south side (3 windows).	Charming 2 rooms flat (441 square feet) in the heart of Paris, Mouffetard, Port Royal (5th, 13th part of Paris) Our apartment is located on a private road, on the 3rd floor with a little lift and oriented on the south side (3 windows). Our apartment is located on a private road, on the 3rd floor with a little lift and oriented on the south side (3 windows). It’s composed of: -A living-room (couch in the den, TV, Hifi, wifi) with a fully equipped kitchen too -A bedroom with a double bed -A bathroom with bath, Italian shower (plus toilet, washing machine) We would be very pleased to rent to an American couple (as we appreciate a lot American culture and are happy to provide some advices of nice Parisian places (restaurant, Parisian café, gardens, museum…). The neighborhood is typical for Paris, very quiet with a mix of Parisian and tourist. It’s very close to Mouffetard road, very charming with famous French food shops, terrace and little church (some scenes of Woody Allen “Midnight in P
9693		Thanks for looking at my apartment in the southeast of Paris. Subway : Quai de la gare   I'd like to think I can offer you a place with superb location that is clean and comfortable. That is safe and secure and provides a great base from which to visit Paris 
9694	C'est un peu la campagne à Paris. Il n'est pas rare de voir des familles de canards tourner autour des bateaux. La climatisation est assurée par des pompes à chaleur ce qui rend le bateau aussi frais l'été que douillet l'hiver. 	La Suite est un appartement indépendant sur une péniche amarrée à la gare d'Austerlitz. Idéalement située en terme de transports urbains elle peut accueillir confortablement 2 couples ou 1 famille avec 4 enfants. A quelques pas de Notre-Dame mais à l'abri de la ville.  C'est un peu la campagne à Paris. Il n'est pas rare de voir des familles de canards tourner autour des bateaux. La climatisation est assurée par des pompes à chaleur ce qui rend le bateau aussi frais l'été que douillet l'hiver. Les voyageurs ont une entrée indépendante et leur propre terrasse ou ils pourront profiter d'un barbecue.  Mais ils doivent être prudents, surtout s'ils ont des enfants : il ne faut jamais oublier que nous sommes sur un fleuve. Je suis toujours prête à informer mes visiteurs, à les aider dans leurs déplacements et à leur donner des infos qui ne sont pas dans les guides touristiques. Compte tenu de la particularité du logement que je propose je suis également là s'ils souhaitent en savoir plus sur 
9695		Chambre au calme et très claire dans appartement 5 pièces. Au pied du métro Glacière ligne 6. Quartier très commerçant.
9696	Chambre: lit avec vrai matelas pour 2 personnes. 3em personne possible car lit 1 place en mezzanine si besoin.  Grand placard 3 portes avec penderie et miroir. Grand bureau. Salon ouvert sur cuisine équipée + cafetière. Canapé méridienne convertible 2 places.  	Chambre: lit avec vrai matelas pour 2 personnes. 3em personne possible car lit 1 place en mezzanine si besoin.  Grand placard 3 portes avec penderie et miroir. Grand bureau. Salon ouvert sur cuisine équipée + cafetière. Canapé méridienne convertible 2 places.  Logement  fonctionnel. Accès à l'ensemble de l'espace. D'origine italienne -bilingue italien- j'aurais le  plaisir de vous accueillir chez moi.  Vous avez aussi la possibilité d'avoir l'appartement sans ma présence, il suffit de le mentionner !!! Situé entre:  Le nouveau 13em: quartier très moderne et dynamique avec la Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Village de Bercy à 20 mn à pied. Chinatown - quartier populaire et très animé avec ses restaurants et commerces.  On y trouve toute sorte de produits exotiques.  Appartement situé entre métro Chevaleret (ligne 6 à environ 500m) et Bibliothèque François Mitterrand (ligne RER C + métro ligne 14 à environ 500m). Bus, vélib et autolib à proximité. Si location mensuelle: frais électrici
9697	Hi, my name is Annabelle. I'm a 38 year old Canadian living in Paris.  The room to rent has a mezzanine bed and is very calm. It has a shutter to ensure you get a good night sleep. The flat is a 2 room flat with a kitchen, bathroom and separate toilets. There is a washing machine you can use, wifi connection, flat screen TV, cooking appliances, everything to make you feel at home. The flat gives on a tennis court so no traffic noise at all and the neighbourhood is awesome cause I'm right in the left bank chinatown and 5 minutes walk from line 7, 14 and tramway. I rent to ladies and gays.  Please don't hesitate to contact me for more info.	If you're in Paris for a day or a week, stay with me in the heart of Chinatown. I work during the day but will gladly show you around after my work day. I accept women and am LGB friendly ! Hi, my name is Annabelle. I'm a 38 year old Canadian living in Paris.  The room to rent has a mezzanine bed and is very calm. It has a shutter to ensure you get a good night sleep. The flat is a 2 room flat with a kitchen, bathroom and separate toilets. There is a washing machine you can use, wifi connection, flat screen TV, cooking appliances, everything to make you feel at home. The flat gives on a tennis court so no traffic noise at all and the neighbourhood is awesome cause I'm right in the left bank chinatown and 5 minutes walk from line 7, 14 and tramway. I rent to ladies and gays.  Please don't hesitate to contact me for more info. The flat is easily accessible from Orly airport or Gare de Lyon train station. Very close by you can hop on lines 7, 14 and tram T3. You will have access to the ro
9698	We are three PhD students sharing an apartment in the famous Butte aux Cailles. One of us leaves for summer vacations and we want to host travelers in his room.  We are cheerful funny people. Usually we are out for work during the day and at home in the night (after the apéro:) ). We speak English, French, Italian and Turkish. We are happy to welcome you.	Private room of 15 m2 in the the famous area of la Butte aux Cailles (5 minutes walking from Place d'Italie).  Comfortable double bed. Close to metro lines 5 6 7 and to several bus lines. 20 minutes connection to Orly Airport. WC+kitchen+bathroom We are three PhD students sharing an apartment in the famous Butte aux Cailles. One of us leaves for summer vacations and we want to host travelers in his room.  We are cheerful funny people. Usually we are out for work during the day and at home in the night (after the apéro:) ). We speak English, French, Italian and Turkish. We are happy to welcome you. You will stay in a 15m2 private bedroom. There is a big double bed, an armchair and a desk. La Butte aux Cailles! Close to metro lines 5 6 7 and to several bus lines. 20 minutes connection to Orly Airport.
9699		"Central flat situated animated district ""butte-aux-Cailles"" (where real Parisians meet) and close to the Chinese neighborhood. - Close to transports - Queen size bed - Fully equipped kitchen  - Wifi, TV Metro station Tolbiac on line 7. Or metro Place d'Italie on lines 5, 6, 7 (5 min walking)."
9700	Charmant appartement de deux pièces, une chambre double et un grand salon-bibliothèque, dressing room, belle salle de douche et cuisine indépendante, donnant sur les arbres de l'avenue des Gobelins, résidentielle et commerçante.  Situé dans le quartier latin, à deux pas des rues piétonnes du quartier Mouffetard, de la Seine, du jardin des Plantes, des arènes de Lutèce. Excellente accessibilité nombreux restaurant, proche du métro et des bus. Très agréable pour un séjour à la découverte de Paris. Nice appartement in the center of Paris.One living room and one bed room kitchen and bath room Closed to bus and métro. Restaurants, jardin des plantes, Sorbonne, quartier latin ,ETC...	In the heart of the Latin district. Very nice and charmfull appartement in the center of Paris.One living room and one bed room kitchen and bath room. Closed to bus and métro. Restaurants, jardin des plantes, Sorbonne, quartier latin ,ETC... Charmant appartement de deux pièces, une chambre double et un grand salon-bibliothèque, dressing room, belle salle de douche et cuisine indépendante, donnant sur les arbres de l'avenue des Gobelins, résidentielle et commerçante.  Situé dans le quartier latin, à deux pas des rues piétonnes du quartier Mouffetard, de la Seine, du jardin des Plantes, des arènes de Lutèce. Excellente accessibilité nombreux restaurant, proche du métro et des bus. Très agréable pour un séjour à la découverte de Paris. Nice appartement in the center of Paris.One living room and one bed room kitchen and bath room Closed to bus and métro. Restaurants, jardin des plantes, Sorbonne, quartier latin ,ETC... The apartment is my office ; it is free on weekends, friday night  (8pm
9701	The 140 m2 apartment has a vast living area with a separate dining room. The large parisian windows are double-glazed to keep out the noise from the street but still allow for plenty of light to come in from the large boulevard.  The master bedroom has a large bed with an en-suite bathroom and plenty of closet space!  The second bedroom has a single bed that can be extended into a double bed with a real full mattress. There is a computer and a printer in this room that is available for use to all guests.  If needed, the library has a very comfortable pull-out couch that can comfortably sleep two people. There is a large flat-screen TV with a dvd player that can be used in this room as well.  The eat-in kitchen is fully equipped with four burners, an oven, a full-size fridge, two freezers, a coffee machine as well as a Nespresso machine, an iPod dock for music, a dish washer and a washing machine and separate dyer.	This large 3 bedroom apartment is in a traditional Haussmannian building in the heart of the 5th arrondissement. It is in a quieter, more residential area but just a few steps away from the bustling Rue Mouffetard. The perfect spot to enjoy Paris! The 140 m2 apartment has a vast living area with a separate dining room. The large parisian windows are double-glazed to keep out the noise from the street but still allow for plenty of light to come in from the large boulevard.  The master bedroom has a large bed with an en-suite bathroom and plenty of closet space!  The second bedroom has a single bed that can be extended into a double bed with a real full mattress. There is a computer and a printer in this room that is available for use to all guests.  If needed, the library has a very comfortable pull-out couch that can comfortably sleep two people. There is a large flat-screen TV with a dvd player that can be used in this room as well.  The eat-in kitchen is fully equipped with four burn
9702	Live like a Parisian (ideal for a couple) in a small, and cozy studio flat with a separate kitchen and a bathroom. 1st floor, south-facing, big windows on cobbled street with bakery at the end. No tourists .. (so keep it a secret!)... but with everything that tourists like ;  This is La Butte aux Cailles area, with authentic Parisian style bistros, many bars, family-run restaurants, peaceful parks and squares, with little traffic because of narrow streets, fresh-water swimming-pool,  internet cafe and public laundry on  street, 1 minute walk to two metro stations, three lines, easy access for sightseeing all over the city. Bed linen and towels provided. Bath-tub, shower and wc in bathroom. Well equipped kitchen ; 3 electric hobs, fridge, microwave, cooking utensils, crokery and cutlery.  WIFI Internet access has been installed NEW !!!!   Door to door minicab service available from airports, stations... at unbeatable prices ! Next availabilities : 9-12 march (3 nights)                  	Live like a Parisian (ideal for a couple) in a small, and cozy studio flat with a separate kitchen and a bathroom. 1st floor, south-facing, big windows on cobbled street with bakery at the end. No tourists .. (so keep it a secret!)... but with everything that tourists like ;  This is La Butte aux Cailles area, with authentic Parisian style bistros, many bars, family-run restaurants, peaceful parks and squares, with little traffic because of narrow streets, fresh-water swimming-pool,  internet cafe and public laundry on  street, 1 minute walk to two metro stations, three lines, easy access for sightseeing all over the city. Bed linen and towels provided. Bath-tub, shower and wc in bathroom. Well equipped kitchen ; 3 electric hobs, fridge, microwave, cooking utensils, crokery and cutlery.  WIFI Internet access has been installed NEW !!!!   Door to door minicab service available from airports, stations... at unbeatable prices ! Next availabilities : 9-12 march (3 nights)                  
9703	Proche du peripherique, il est donc facile de venir et de s'y garer.	Chambre privative, communicante, de 9m2, nouvellement rafraîchi, dans le 13e arrdt,  Approx de: Tramway 3 (3m) Metro ligne: Porte d'ivry 7 (3m - direct: Mairie d'ivry / Courneuve) -  Olympiade 14 (8m - direct: Saint Lazare Géant Casino Proche du peripherique, il est donc facile de venir et de s'y garer. En plus de la chambre, la SDB, la cuisine, et les toilette (en commun avec les autres personnes présente dans l'appartement) Nous serions ravis de pouvoir vous aider lors de votre  séjour a Paris, dans toute les démarche, dans la mesure du possible. Nous sommes de quartier depuis plus de 30 ans ;) Ce qui rend notre logement unique, est qu'il se trouve dans une zone piétonne, dans le quartier chinois, avec un très grand centre commerciale en bas de l'appartement. Ce qui le rend accessible pour tous. Transport en commun: Proche du metro 7 et du tramway 3 qui se trouvent a 3 minutes (Station Porte d'ivry)  Le metro 14, est a 8m a pied du logement,  Les accès par la route: Périphérique : Po
9704		A room with a bed for 2 people, with large bow window and a balcony. My flat is 81 square meter. There is also a couch is the same room where an additional person can sleep (additional fee). 120m away to the nearest bus stop  and 550m to metro. Bathroom and kitchen Close to Cité Universitaire, Parc Montsouris and Buttes-aux-Cailles area. Closest metro stations:  Cité Universitaire on RER B (550m) and Glacière on Line 6 (900m) 120m away to the nearest bus stop, Line 21 Tram 3b : Charlety (500m)
9705	Notre appartement est à la fois calme, lumineux, chaleureux et situé au coeur de Paris. Refait à neuf, vous pourrez vous y reposer après vos balades parisiennes. Une place de parking, une terrasse et l'ensemble des équipements seront à votre dispositions durant votre séjour.	Notre appartement doté d'un parking, refait à neuf, est un cocon au coeur de Paris. Niché au milieu d'un jardin, il offre une vue agréable et paisible. Notre terrasse vous permettra d'en profiter lors de vos diners. Une vraie vie parisienne au calme! Notre appartement est à la fois calme, lumineux, chaleureux et situé au coeur de Paris. Refait à neuf, vous pourrez vous y reposer après vos balades parisiennes. Une place de parking, une terrasse et l'ensemble des équipements seront à votre dispositions durant votre séjour. Nous nous situons à 30 min de l'aéroport Orly en bus ou en taxis et à 1h de Roissy par le Rer B. Nous sommes aussi très proche de la gare Montparnasse et de la gare d'Austerlitz (15 min en métro - ligne 6). Nous sommes à 30 min de gare de Lyon et de la gare du Nord. Partagez vos passions, vos goûts, vos préférences, nous ferons notre possible pour les satisfaire. Nous connaissons aussi très bien la capitale et pourrons vous donner de nombreux conseils et astuces ! La r
9706	Je vous propose de séjourner à Paris dans une grande chambre avec 1 lit (2 places) à louer dans le 13ème arrondissement de PARIS, entre la Butte aux Cailles et le quartier chinois. Cette chambre est situé dans un appartement qui en compte 2 (j'occuppe la seconde). Situé à 300 mètres de la place d'Italie et de son centre commercial qui est un des plus grands de la capitale , la décoration de l'appartement est inspirée d'artistes contemporains (Otto Zitko, Felice Varini et El Anatsui actuellement). La station de métro Tolbiac (ligne 7) et de bus (nombreuses lignes à proximité notamment (phone number hidden)...) à 5 mn à pied, permettent d'accéder aux principales attractions de la ville (direct pour le centre de Paris, Notre Dame, Châtelet, musée du Louvre, Hôtel de Ville...),  Nombreux restaurants (bio, traditionnel, asiatique, italien...) et commerces de proximité sont accessibles à pied en quelques minutes. L'appartement en duplex, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur ouvre sur une grande cour	Je vous propose de séjourner à Paris dans une grande chambre avec 1 lit (2 places) à louer dans le 13ème arrondissement de PARIS, entre la Butte aux Cailles et le quartier chinois. Cette chambre est situé dans un appartement qui en compte 2 (j'occuppe la seconde). Situé à 300 mètres de la place d'Italie et de son centre commercial qui est un des plus grands de la capitale , la décoration de l'appartement est inspirée d'artistes contemporains (Otto Zitko, Felice Varini et El Anatsui actuellement). La station de métro Tolbiac (ligne 7) et de bus (nombreuses lignes à proximité notamment (phone number hidden)...) à 5 mn à pied, permettent d'accéder aux principales attractions de la ville (direct pour le centre de Paris, Notre Dame, Châtelet, musée du Louvre, Hôtel de Ville...),  Nombreux restaurants (bio, traditionnel, asiatique, italien...) et commerces de proximité sont accessibles à pied en quelques minutes. L'appartement en duplex, au 3ème étage sans ascenseur ouvre sur une grande cour
9707		Bonjour  Je vous propose un super logement lumineux et coloré de 74 m2 dans le quartier de la bibliothèque François Mitterrand.  Quartier bien desservi, idéal pour visité Paris avec des lignes de transports direct pour se rendre dans les lieux touristiques Quartier BNF facile d'accès avec de nombreux restaurants et commerçants   La cour St-Emilion nouveau quartier Branché de Paris, Bercy réputé pour les grands événements ( concert, spectacle ) Ligne 14 ou RER C  Arrêt Bibliothèque François Mitterrand ( à environ 100M  )   Ligne 6 arrêt Chevaleret  ( à environ 120M  ) Bus   Arrêt Bibliothèque Chevaleret ( à environ 100M  ) Bus 89,325  Arrêt Bibliothèque François Mitterrand ( à environ 100M  ) Ligne C direct depuis aéroport Orly environ 35 min En voiture  environ 20 min, 14 kilomètres
9708	"L'appartement est situé dans un quartier ""stratégique"" de Paris. Près de la Place d'Italie,Il n'est pas pour autant dans le quartier chinois mais dans un quartier-village typique  Il est très calme et pourtant dans un quartier animé mais sans excès. Il a beaucoup de lumière."	"Dans un des quartiers les plus séduisants de Paris (13 éme), cet appartement deux pièces tout confort  de 50 m2 ( salon avec cuisine ouverte et chambre séparée sur cour calme, salle de bain-wc avec douche) est très clair et idéalement placé. L'appartement est situé dans un quartier ""stratégique"" de Paris. Près de la Place d'Italie,Il n'est pas pour autant dans le quartier chinois mais dans un quartier-village typique  Il est très calme et pourtant dans un quartier animé mais sans excès. Il a beaucoup de lumière. Il est très simple d'accès en métro, bus, vélo ou même voiture. Au deuxième étage sans ascenseur. Je suis  là à la remise des clefs. Sinon quelqu'un vous accueillera. Un échange a lieu obligatoirement par mail ou/et par téléphone aussi. Un contact de vive-voix me paraît très important C'est un appartement simple qui a le charme du vivant. Confortable et très agréable à vivre. Métro Place d'Italie et Corvisart à 5mn à pied. Bus 57 Voiture: Sortie Autoroute A10, sortie Porte d'It"
9709	Lovely bright studio in the quite 13th district of Paris with a kitchen and a bathroom.  It is located on the 1st floor in a Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located to avoid the noise of the city but to be too close to everything in Paris. A private garden is at the ground floor exclusively reserved for the residents.  This studio has :  - Free private parking  - Comfortable king-size sofa bed for two  - Sheets and towels  - Functional kitchen with a fridge, stove, oven grill microwave  - Very pleasant bathroom  - High speed internet, wifi (Optical fiber)  - TV with a lot of DVD's  - Hair-dryer	The Studio/ Le Logement: Lovely bright studio in the quite 13th district of Paris with a kitchen and a bathroom.  It is located on the 1st floor in a Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located. Lovely bright studio in the quite 13th district of Paris with a kitchen and a bathroom.  It is located on the 1st floor in a Parisian building, with an elevator. This nicely designed private studio is perfectly located to avoid the noise of the city but to be too close to everything in Paris. A private garden is at the ground floor exclusively reserved for the residents.  This studio has :  - Free private parking  - Comfortable king-size sofa bed for two  - Sheets and towels  - Functional kitchen with a fridge, stove, oven grill microwave  - Very pleasant bathroom  - High speed internet, wifi (Optical fiber)  - TV with a lot of DVD's  - Hair-dryer Gusts will be able to move quickly and easily around the city. The metro stop Chevaleret (line 6) i
9710	"It's a charming flat (2 rooms and a living), typical of 1930's parisian housing. It is located in a parisian ""square"", i.e. a dead-end private street, very quiet (and closed to cars at night). The flat is great with one or two kids. It is luminous (3° floor) and cool in the summer. It has a room with a double bed, and a kids' room with one babycot and one junior bed (and toys...) but it is possible to bring a double mattress. The main bedroom and the living have a window to the balcony, and the kitchen opens on it. These three rooms have a view on a covent, the kids' room have view on the ""square"".  The small bathroom and WC are separated. Kitchen has oven, microwave, fridge and dishwasher. The neighborhood is residential and quiet, but there are several shops nearby. Public transports allow you to go anywhere in Paris within 30 : the place is well-desserved by buses (91 which relies several main train stations, 83 et 38), RER (RER B at station Port-Royal -5 min walking) and metro 6 (s"	"It's a charming flat (2 rooms and a living), typical of 1930's parisian housing. It is located in a parisian ""square"", i.e. a dead-end private street, very quiet (and closed to cars at night). The flat is great with one or two kids. It is luminous (3° floor) and cool in the summer. It has a room with a double bed, and a kids' room with one babycot and one junior bed (and toys...) but it is possible to bring a double mattress. The main bedroom and the living have a window to the balcony, and the kitchen opens on it. These three rooms have a view on a covent, the kids' room have view on the ""square"".  The small bathroom and WC are separated. Kitchen has oven, microwave, fridge and dishwasher. The neighborhood is residential and quiet, but there are several shops nearby. Public transports allow you to go anywhere in Paris within 30 : the place is well-desserved by buses (91 which relies several main train stations, 83 et 38), RER (RER B at station Port-Royal -5 min walking) and metro 6 (s"
9711	This large 2 parts (+ living room) are comfortable and design. In our apartment, very clean and bright, your cozy room is equipped with a very comfortable king size bed, TV + tnt, wifi access, storage and hanging space for your clothes; view of the beautiful private landscaped grounds of the residence. The room is right next to the bathroom and separate toilet. We make discreet but there when you need it. We welcome you with great pleasure. See you soon.	This accommodation is ideal to relax and visit Paris I provides a free shuttle service around the residence ! This large 2 parts (+ living room) are comfortable and design. In our apartment, very clean and bright, your cozy room is equipped with a very comfortable king size bed, TV + tnt, wifi access, storage and hanging space for your clothes; view of the beautiful private landscaped grounds of the residence. The room is right next to the bathroom and separate toilet. We make discreet but there when you need it. We welcome you with great pleasure. See you soon. Room in a separate area, the privat garden is open for you. We give you the key of the appartement (long stay),  you are independent.  We provide transportation between the post office and laundry area.(Travel time 3 or 5 minute). We love this property because it sits close to the Seine river, the beautiful vincenne Park (and its lake), the Bercy Park (and its arena) and the magnificent library François miterand surrounded by r
9712	La capacité d'accueil est de 5 personnes. 2 lits 2 places et éventuellement un sac de couchage.	Appartement 20m2 situé en plein coeur de Paris à 1 min du métro et 2 min du centre commercial Italie 2. Une pièce avec un clic-clac pour 2 pers et un grand lit en mezzanine accueillant également 2 autres pers. Salle de bain/WC + coin cuisine La capacité d'accueil est de 5 personnes. 2 lits 2 places et éventuellement un sac de couchage. Je reste disponible par téléphone mais ne pourrai pas être présent pendant votre séjour. Le treizième arrondissement est le lieu idéal pour découvrir la cuisine asiatique. Ligne 7 station Tolbiac ou ligne 6 station Place d'Italie.
9713	The flat is a mix of old (with the cheminée and the wood on the floor) and new (with the kitchen and bathroom that have just been restore a few months ago. it is composed by the kitchen open on the living room, a room with a king size bed and the bathroom. it's very calm, but it's also very close from bars, concerts room (most of them on boats), the river... It's only a few stop from the center of Paris (Chatelet).	My flat is sized for 2 persons, but can also welcome 4 people (with the sofa bed in the living room). it is perfect for a stay in Paris : calm and cool, it is close to the river in the modern area of Paris, and only a few stop from the center. The flat is a mix of old (with the cheminée and the wood on the floor) and new (with the kitchen and bathroom that have just been restore a few months ago. it is composed by the kitchen open on the living room, a room with a king size bed and the bathroom. it's very calm, but it's also very close from bars, concerts room (most of them on boats), the river... It's only a few stop from the center of Paris (Chatelet). you are more than welcome to use everythink in the flat (kitchen tools, spicies, TV...) If you have questions, you can join my on my mobile phone the area is modern, wich is rare in Paris ! You have the famous library François Miterrand and Bercy Parc close by. It is perfectly safe, and very well located to explore the city. you can us
9714	Grand appartement de  60 m2 a 2 min du métro accès direct à la ligne 6 qui traverse les principaux lieux touristiques parisien. Balcon traversant l'appartement. Nombreux commerces de proximités. Environnement calme. 10 minute a pied de la Seine. Cet un appartement agréable et fonctionnel La cuisine est agréable et spacieuse pour cuisiner, pour les fans de cuisine, il y a trois marchés par semaine. Le mercredi / samedi et dimanche. Juste en sortant de la maison.le quartier est agréable vous êtes à deux pas du quartier chinois. Nous sommes présent si vous voulez des conseils sur des sorties,restaurant et expositions  et concerts. Le quartier est agréable et mixte, il est très sympa, nous sommes a  10 min a pied du quartier latin. Nous sommes près de la butte aux cailles qui est un vrai petit village dans la ville. Il y a les quais de Seine qui sont très agréable au printemps et été car il y pleins de spectacle et bars ouvert les pieds dans l'eau	Cet appartement est très agréable à vivre car il dispose d'un balcon qui traverse les chambres et le séjour, l'été c'est idéal pour prendre son petit déjeuner ou diner sur la terrasse. Grand appartement de  60 m2 a 2 min du métro accès direct à la ligne 6 qui traverse les principaux lieux touristiques parisien. Balcon traversant l'appartement. Nombreux commerces de proximités. Environnement calme. 10 minute a pied de la Seine. Cet un appartement agréable et fonctionnel La cuisine est agréable et spacieuse pour cuisiner, pour les fans de cuisine, il y a trois marchés par semaine. Le mercredi / samedi et dimanche. Juste en sortant de la maison.le quartier est agréable vous êtes à deux pas du quartier chinois. Nous sommes présent si vous voulez des conseils sur des sorties,restaurant et expositions  et concerts. Le quartier est agréable et mixte, il est très sympa, nous sommes a  10 min a pied du quartier latin. Nous sommes près de la butte aux cailles qui est un vrai petit village dans l
9715	Très pratique, poétique et lumineux. Très bien situé à la si bien nommée place Paul Verlaine.	Au cœur de la Butte aux Cailles, un appartement calme et pratique. Un Paris romantique et typique grouille alentour. Près de tous commerces et du métro il y a même une piscine publique avec bassin extérieur. Bon restaurant au pied de l'immeuble. Très pratique, poétique et lumineux. Très bien situé à la si bien nommée place Paul Verlaine. A tout.  Bien sûr ce qui est utilisé devra être remis en état. Selon leurs besoins. Le plus cool de Paris juste avant Montmartre, calme, sécurisant et vivant. Bus 57.67.62 (arrêt Verlaine, Bobillot-Tolbiac) et métro Place d'Italie lignes 5.6.7 Le secteur n'est pas très congestionné, il est possible de se garer sur la voie publique. Depuis les aéroport se rendre à Denfert-Rochereau par Bus ou RER B puis prendre métro ligne 6
9716	Grand salon avec cuisine ouverte, il est parfait pour une famille, même avec des enfants en bas âge (table à langer, possibilité de lit enfant, de berceau et de poussette). Il est très accueillant, silencieux et très lumineux. Au 13e étage, il vous offre une vue inégalée sur tout Paris.  Il peut accueillir 5 adultes (2 lits doubles et 1 lit simple dans 3 chambres différentes). Il y a une grande chambre avec un lit double, une petite chambre avec un lit mezzanine 1 place et un bureau avec un canapé-lit de qualité. Salle de bain avec baignoire lavabo et toilettes. Cabinet de toilettes. Grands placards et multiples rangements.	Agréable 4 pièces. Lumineux, spacieux et bien équipé, situé entre les quartiers de la butte aux cailles et le quartier chinois.  Le + : Vue imprenable sur tout Paris !!! Grand salon avec cuisine ouverte, il est parfait pour une famille, même avec des enfants en bas âge (table à langer, possibilité de lit enfant, de berceau et de poussette). Il est très accueillant, silencieux et très lumineux. Au 13e étage, il vous offre une vue inégalée sur tout Paris.  Il peut accueillir 5 adultes (2 lits doubles et 1 lit simple dans 3 chambres différentes). Il y a une grande chambre avec un lit double, une petite chambre avec un lit mezzanine 1 place et un bureau avec un canapé-lit de qualité. Salle de bain avec baignoire lavabo et toilettes. Cabinet de toilettes. Grands placards et multiples rangements. En plus : 20m2 de balcon filant. Nous sommes un couple avec 2 enfants (6 mois et 4 ans). Papa français, maman italienne en congé parental, nous passons un long séjour en Italie, c'est pourquoi notre
9717	"L""appartement comporte deux pièces avec des murs en colombage, une salle de bain, des toilettes séparées et un couloir. La cuisine est dans la salle de séjour et tout à fait équipée pour cuisiner. Cuisinière, four électrique, micro-onde, réfrigérateur et tout le matériel de cuisine. Il y a un canapé convertible avec un bon couchage dans le de séjour pour deux personnes et un lit pour deux personnes dans la petite chambre à coucher. Dans la salle de bains il y a une douche confortable, un lavabo, la machine à laver et un sèche linge. 4 personnes peuvent y séjourner."	"Loué à partir de 3 jours. Charmant appartement haussmannien du XIX ème siècle, très lumineux et très calme, Très bien desservi par les bus et le métro, vous serez en 10 minutes à Notre-Dame de Paris, dans le quartier latin et sur les bords de Seine L""appartement comporte deux pièces avec des murs en colombage, une salle de bain, des toilettes séparées et un couloir. La cuisine est dans la salle de séjour et tout à fait équipée pour cuisiner. Cuisinière, four électrique, micro-onde, réfrigérateur et tout le matériel de cuisine. Il y a un canapé convertible avec un bon couchage dans le de séjour pour deux personnes et un lit pour deux personnes dans la petite chambre à coucher. Dans la salle de bains il y a une douche confortable, un lavabo, la machine à laver et un sèche linge. 4 personnes peuvent y séjourner. L'appartement est loué dans sa totalité.  Nous cherchons des locataires calmes qui occuperont notre logement en ""bon père de famille"". Nous espérons que vous passerez un agréable "
9718		Joli deux pièces très agréable, cloison coulissante, coin cuisine, salle de bain séparée. Quartier typiquement parisien de la Butte aux Cailles, proche des lieux touristiques. Nombreux commerces, restaurants et cafés. Le quartier de la Butte aux Caille ressemble à un petit village en plein cœur de Paris, présence de nombreux commerces, centre commercial, restaurants, bars, et bien que vivant, le quartier est très tranquille. Idéal pour les personnes souhaitant profiter d’un quartier pittoresque parisien, tout en ayant accès aux endroits touristiques rapidement, à 7 minutes de Place d’Italie (lignes 5, 6, 7), 10 minutes d’Olympiade (ligne 14) et de Cité Universitaire (RER B), nombreux bus.
9719	Secteur protégé de rues pavées piétonnes, animations et parking payant chauffé gardé à 100m. Micro-logement entièrement indépendant, dans immeuble du début du siècle sécurisé. Vous serez accueillis et informés si besoin à votre arrivée	Paris. In the district of the Quail's Ridge, this 10m2 lovely housing very equipped with a true bathroom and a kitchen corner is near subways with correspondences Châtelet Les halles and  Champs Elysées with less 30'
9720		Appartement de caractère havre de paix  après une journée parisienne agitée, au pied du quartier latin,5mm à pied de Mouffetard et son marché derrière les célèbres tapisseries des Gobelins, métro et bus taxi tous commerces à proximités
9721		Proche métro place d'Italie 
9722	2 chambres,  4 excellents couchages(+2), Salon TV, wi-fi, Salle à Manger, Cuisine équipée Four, four Micro Onde, Machine a laver vaisselle, linge, plaques electriques- 2 WC, salle d'eau, dressing. possibilité location parking. Larges balcons vues sur les monuments de Paris- Metro, bus et commerces au pied de l'immeuble-8ème étage, Ascenseurs-Immeuble grand standing avec piscine et solarium. Possibilité de couchage pour 1 ou 2 personnes en plus (majoration 25€ par jour) .  Quartier Butte aux Cailles, Chinois, Moufetard à 5 minutes du quartier Latin- 15 minutes du Louvre-10minutes de St Germain et Ile St Louis, près de la bibliothèque F. Mitterrand.  Je réside dans le même immeuble, soit je recevrai moi-même mes voyageurs, soit je délèguerai à une amie. Quartier populaire, bien fréquenté, avec commerces et galeries marchandes, cinémas à 15minutes à pied, transport en commun, Porte de Versailles pour les grandes Expositions, à 20minutes avec le Tramway,  Depuis la gare ou l'aéroport, des 	2 chambres,  4 excellents couchages(+2), Salon TV, wi-fi, Salle à Manger, Cuisine équipée Four, four Micro Onde, Machine a laver vaisselle, linge, plaques electriques- 2 WC, salle d'eau, dressing. possibilité location parking. Larges balcons vues sur les monuments de Paris- Metro, bus et commerces au pied de l'immeuble-8ème étage, Ascenseurs-Immeuble grand standing avec piscine et solarium. Possibilité de couchage pour 1 ou 2 personnes en plus (majoration 25€ par jour) .  Quartier Butte aux Cailles, Chinois, Moufetard à 5 minutes du quartier Latin- 15 minutes du Louvre-10minutes de St Germain et Ile St Louis, près de la bibliothèque F. Mitterrand.  Je réside dans le même immeuble, soit je recevrai moi-même mes voyageurs, soit je délèguerai à une amie. Quartier populaire, bien fréquenté, avec commerces et galeries marchandes, cinémas à 15minutes à pied, transport en commun, Porte de Versailles pour les grandes Expositions, à 20minutes avec le Tramway,  Depuis la gare ou l'aéroport, des 
9723	The apartment allows you to enjoy an authentic neighborhood plus easy access to a host of interesting attractions. The lodging benefits from plenty of natural light, wooden floors, soothing tones and stylish furnishings. The living area encourages complete relaxation and is equipped with a sofa, a coffee table and a television. All your favorite meals can be prepared in the kitchen, which supplies an oven, microwave, hob, grill, fridge, freezer . Extra amenities within the apartment include a washing machine,  iron and board, and Wi-Fi. The bedroom, with its comfortable double bed, ambient lighting and generous wardrobes ensures a good night’s sleep. The smart bathroom contains a  shower , washbasin, and the toilet . Ideal for a family or two couples, the residence makes a superb base for a rewarding Parisian experience.  The accommodation can be found south of the capital’s core, in the authentic neighborhood of Buttes aux Cailles. Perfect for visitors seeking a tourist free base, the	Charming one bedroom apartment, for up to four guests, in Paris’s adorable neighbourhood of Butte Aux Cailles. The apartment allows you to enjoy an authentic neighbourhood plus easy access to a host of interesting attractions. The apartment allows you to enjoy an authentic neighborhood plus easy access to a host of interesting attractions. The lodging benefits from plenty of natural light, wooden floors, soothing tones and stylish furnishings. The living area encourages complete relaxation and is equipped with a sofa, a coffee table and a television. All your favorite meals can be prepared in the kitchen, which supplies an oven, microwave, hob, grill, fridge, freezer . Extra amenities within the apartment include a washing machine,  iron and board, and Wi-Fi. The bedroom, with its comfortable double bed, ambient lighting and generous wardrobes ensures a good night’s sleep. The smart bathroom contains a  shower , washbasin, and the toilet . Ideal for a family or two couples, the residen
9724	L'immeuble est sécurisé, avec des gardiens et des badges d'accès.  Tout l'appartement est équipé de WIFI.  Votre chambre a un lit double et des rangements. Elle est simple et confortable.  Juste en bas de l'immeuble, vous avez la station de métro, le tramway, les bus, le station de taxi et les vélib. Nous somme sur la ligne 7 du métro. Sur cette même ligne, vous pouvez aller directement au cathédrale Notre-Dame et les bateaux-mouches(18min), le Musée du Louvre (17min), l'Opéra (20min), les Galeries Lafayette (20min).  Il y a aussi un bus direct pour l'aéroport Orly.	Chambre pour 2 dans grand appartement propre . L'appartement est situé juste à la sortie du métro L7. L'immeuble est sécurisé, avec des gardiens et des badges d'accès.  Tout l'appartement est équipé de WIFI.  Votre chambre a un lit double et des rangements. Elle est simple et confortable.  Juste en bas de l'immeuble, vous avez la station de métro, le tramway, les bus, le station de taxi et les vélib. Nous somme sur la ligne 7 du métro. Sur cette même ligne, vous pouvez aller directement au cathédrale Notre-Dame et les bateaux-mouches(18min), le Musée du Louvre (17min), l'Opéra (20min), les Galeries Lafayette (20min).  Il y a aussi un bus direct pour l'aéroport Orly. Nous partageons la salle de bain, la cuisine et les wc. Je travaille beaucoup et rentre tard le soir, donc vous aurez souvent l'appartement pour vous seul. Mais je suis évidemment partante pour discuter avec vous et vous renseigner sur Paris.  Je parle français, anglais et espagnol. En bas de l'immeuble, on trouve des boula
9725	Lumineux et spacieux !! C'est la première impression de nos amis quand ils viennent chez nous. L'appartement traversant Nord/Sud profite de la lumière toute la journée.  Le double séjour est fait pour y vivre : canapé d'angle 7 places, cuisine entièrement équipée avec frigo américain (distributeur de glaçons), coin bar avec tabourets, table à manger pour 8 personnes, grand écran LCD,  balcon pour prendre l'air ou fumer. La 1ère chambre possède un lit double king size, tandis que la 2ème est équipée de 2 lits superposés idéal pour les enfants, mais convenant aussi aux adultes. Nous disposons également de 2 lits simples à placer dans le salon ou la 2ème chambre au choix. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et les toilettes sont séparées. Au niveau des équipements : lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, cafetière nespresso, aspirateur, sèche-cheveux, ventilateur, radiateur d'appoint ...	Appartement 3 pièces 85m2 au 12ème et dernier étage, double séjour de 40m2  lumineux avec vue imprenable sur les toits. Espace modernisé par architecte. A 100m de Chinatown. Métro Porte d'Italie, direct Châtelet, Opéra, Haussman, Paris-Expo Parking Lumineux et spacieux !! C'est la première impression de nos amis quand ils viennent chez nous. L'appartement traversant Nord/Sud profite de la lumière toute la journée.  Le double séjour est fait pour y vivre : canapé d'angle 7 places, cuisine entièrement équipée avec frigo américain (distributeur de glaçons), coin bar avec tabourets, table à manger pour 8 personnes, grand écran LCD,  balcon pour prendre l'air ou fumer. La 1ère chambre possède un lit double king size, tandis que la 2ème est équipée de 2 lits superposés idéal pour les enfants, mais convenant aussi aux adultes. Nous disposons également de 2 lits simples à placer dans le salon ou la 2ème chambre au choix. La salle de bain comporte une baignoire et les toilettes sont séparées. A
9726	Nestled in the heart of ChinaTown , the studio is very spacious, ideal for a romantic break or for a group of 4 people . It has a double bed and a quality sofa bed The apartment is fully equipped with high speed internet wi- fi, TV , pans, washing machine ... Also, bed linen , towels and tea towels are provided and included in the rental rate. All shops, entertainment , sightseeing and restaurants are nearby . So enjoy !!!	This ultra-clean studio, cozy and charming is awaiting for you ! Perfect for gourmets and lovers of Asian cuisine . Only 2 min from the subway Maison Blanche, 7 min from Place d'Italie , 15 min by metro Chatelet Indulge yourself ! Nestled in the heart of ChinaTown , the studio is very spacious, ideal for a romantic break or for a group of 4 people . It has a double bed and a quality sofa bed The apartment is fully equipped with high speed internet wi- fi, TV , pans, washing machine ... Also, bed linen , towels and tea towels are provided and included in the rental rate. All shops, entertainment , sightseeing and restaurants are nearby . So enjoy !!! Staircase - 2nd floor Lift is operating perfectly MI CASA ES TU CASA ! and I will personally welcome you, to introduce you to the place where you spend , I hope, a pleasant stay . AN EXOTIC AREA , THAT VIBRATES EVEN ON SUNDAYS The 13th arrondissement is the Asian district of Paris , very exotic , we breathe with delight the flavors of the F
9727	Logement calme et lumineux,  Baie vitrée, parquet et peinture refait en 2013 Salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés Place de parking en sous-sol Machine à café Nespresso + capsules à disposition	Grand studio (31 m2) lumineux et calme au 5ème étage d'un immeuble construit en 2000. Cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire séparée, wc séparés. L'appartement est sécurisé et dispose d'une place de parking en sous-sol. Logement calme et lumineux,  Baie vitrée, parquet et peinture refait en 2013 Salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés Place de parking en sous-sol Machine à café Nespresso + capsules à disposition Accès facile par la ligne 14 - métro Olympiades Quartier universitaire, proche de la Grande Bibliothèque Proche des quais de Seine, nombreuses animations pendant la période estivale Ligne 14, station Olympiades
9728	Parfait pour un séjour réussi à Paris grâce à une pièce à vivre spacieuse et très agréable. La grande terrasse orientée Sud apporte luminosité et un sentiment de liberté à 2 pas du quartier asiatique (13e). Une chambre avec lit double peut accueillir 2 personnes. Le salon est dôté d'un spacieux canapé d'angle convertible en un lit 2 places de 140 cm. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes sans aucun problème. L'intégralité des équipements de l'appartement est accessible aux voyageurs : salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine moderne équipée (lave vaisselle, four,lave linge, machine nespresso...), télévision, internet wifi haut débit. Nous serons présents pour vous accueillir et vous conseiller pour votre séjour. Le logement vous est ensuite entièrement confié. Rue calme avec nombreux commerces à proximité du quartier asiatique très animé où vous trouverez d'excellents restaurants. Accessible à 3 minutes à pieds : Metro Ligne 14 : Olympiades et Bibliothèque Francois Miterrand Metro Lig	Spacieux 2 pièces au 6ème étage avec ascenseur et terrasse. Immeuble récent et sécurisé. Parking en sous sol. Dans une rue calme à 2 pas du quartier chinois, vous pourrez profiter de la luminosité et de la terrasse plein sud à ciel ouvert. Parfait pour un séjour réussi à Paris grâce à une pièce à vivre spacieuse et très agréable. La grande terrasse orientée Sud apporte luminosité et un sentiment de liberté à 2 pas du quartier asiatique (13e). Une chambre avec lit double peut accueillir 2 personnes. Le salon est dôté d'un spacieux canapé d'angle convertible en un lit 2 places de 140 cm. L'appartement peut accueillir 4 personnes sans aucun problème. L'intégralité des équipements de l'appartement est accessible aux voyageurs : salle de bain avec baignoire, cuisine moderne équipée (lave vaisselle, four,lave linge, machine nespresso...), télévision, internet wifi haut débit. Nous serons présents pour vous accueillir et vous conseiller pour votre séjour. Le logement vous est ensuite entièrem
9729	My apartment is more quiet than the country. There is no noise because it is located on the last floor (7th floor)	Hi, more quiet than the country, in the 7th and last floor, perfect for visit the capital and find rest, 5 minutes from Chinatown. My kitchen is available to prepare meals My apartment is more quiet than the country. There is no noise because it is located on the last floor (7th floor) My guests will have an access to the dining room, kitchen and bathroom.  It is mandatory not to use the kitchen after 10:00 in the evening. The guests must let the kitchen clean Rules of live : * The first day of your arrival, it is mandatory to arrive before 10:00 in the evening. * at least agree on a different time together before the arrival * Don't use Skype after 22:00 in the evening * It is forbidden to let any person not identified on this site to enter in my apartment without host's agreement For the arrival : the first day, I receive my guests from 20:00 to 22:00 (evening) for the departure : the last day, the bedroom must be free from 9:00 in the morning because a maid comes to clean the bedroo
9730	Very quite, with a charming court.  On the 2nd floor. Well deserved with the metro (line 6 : Glacière) - 3 min walk.	Nice appartment very quite. 30m2. 1 bedroom and 1 sofa-bed in the living-room. A fully-equipped kitchen  Very quite, with a charming court.  On the 2nd floor. Well deserved with the metro (line 6 : Glacière) - 3 min walk. Access to all the flat.  I'm always there when you need informations  Many shops, bars, restaurants in the neighborhood : Butte-aux-caille, Rue Mouffetard. 20 min to go to Notre-Dame, the Eiffel Tower and other monuments.  - Metro : Line 6 : Glacière - Bus : Line 21 : Glacière-Nordmann There are no curtains or shutters in the living-room, so if you want to use the sofa-bed, bring a mask if you want to sleep late !
9731	Unlike most small parisian accomodations, this studio is situated is a recently renovated building with an elevator, and the wc/shower are well within the studio and not outside.	"Nice studio for 1 or 2, left-bank Paris, 20 min from downtown with two metro lines nearby, as well as numerous supermarkets! You'll enjoy a kitchenette, wc with shower, and a mezzanine bed easily accomodating two people. Wi-fi access included! Unlike most small parisian accomodations, this studio is situated is a recently renovated building with an elevator, and the wc/shower are well within the studio and not outside. Wireless internet; nice view over parisian roofs :) I like being helpful giving needed advice about parisian life to my guests. So, it is well up to them to call or text me as often as they would need :) Numerous supermarkets (Dia, Carrefour, Casino, Monoprix, Franprix) in the area. Big modern cinema (Mk2) and the National Library (BFM) in 5 minutes and a shopping mall (Italie 2) in 10 minutes. Small ""jardin"" just nearby with splendid cherry blossom in spring. You can take famous parisian embankments to reach the Latin Quarter and Notre Dame by foot in just half an hour "
9732	"Very easy and quick access to most famous Paris attractions (Eiffel tower, Louvre, Latin quarter, Marais etc.). 10 minutes walk from rue Mouffetard. Very close to the Latin quarter. 15 minutes walk from a very typical neighbourhood called ""La butte aux Cailles"". I'll provide the best addresses for bars and restaurants! I'll be available for any information all along your stay. If I am in Paris when you arrive, we could also have a glass of wine around, so I can give you all the tips you need.   The sleeping room has 2 bunk beds, used by my daughters when they are at my place. Those beds 90cm single beds with good mastress. So an adult can sleep in them easily (I do it sometimes!). In the living room, there is a high quality sofa that becomes in 5 seconds a very comfortable bed. This is where I use to sleep, so it is definitely not a ""second choice bed"". I would definitely advise to sleep in that one if you are a couple.  Metro line 6 (5 minutes), line 7 (10 minutes) and RER B (12 minut"	"1 bedroom appartement, 40m² (about 400ft²) in a typical Parisian neighborhood. Very calm and safe area. It is located in a private street, which has 2 big relaxing fountains in the middle. Very easy access to Metro line 6, 7 and RER B. Very easy and quick access to most famous Paris attractions (Eiffel tower, Louvre, Latin quarter, Marais etc.). 10 minutes walk from rue Mouffetard. Very close to the Latin quarter. 15 minutes walk from a very typical neighbourhood called ""La butte aux Cailles"". I'll provide the best addresses for bars and restaurants! I'll be available for any information all along your stay. If I am in Paris when you arrive, we could also have a glass of wine around, so I can give you all the tips you need.   The sleeping room has 2 bunk beds, used by my daughters when they are at my place. Those beds 90cm single beds with good mastress. So an adult can sleep in them easily (I do it sometimes!). In the living room, there is a high quality sofa that becomes in 5 seconds"
9733	la chambre est équipée d'un lit 2 places ^draps et serviettes de bain compris dans le prix un petit dejeuner copieux est inclus la salle de bains avec cabine douche est à partager wc séparé à partager	la chambre est équipée d'un lit 2 places ^draps et serviettes de bain compris dans le prix un petit dejeuner copieux est inclus la salle de bains avec cabine douche est à partager wc séparé à partager accés à la cuisine pour petit dejeuner micro ondes mais pas de préparation de repas sur place les horaires arrivée à voir avec l'intéressé départ 10h je suis à leur disposition pour conseils pour visiter Paris et leur donner envie de découvrir cette superbe ville quartier vivant et commerçant très bien desservi en transports en commun
9734	""" I like the classic, simple and serene style of this comfortable 3/4 rooms apartment. It can welcome 4 to 6 people comfortably. Situated in an adorable area, quiet and alive, with many restaurants and groceries. An easy to live quarter rich in transport: less than 15 mn from central Paris by direct bus with views on the Seine (see below under "" transport), And not so well known - which has its good sides! The strengths of this apartment are in my opinion : the SPACE ( 72m2 ) with a large living room and two real spacious rooms. The SUNLIGHT AND VIEW on the chestnut trees of the Boulevard Arago. The BEAUTY of contemporary cabinetmaker furniture. The simple and convenient COMFORT with no particular sophistication... And above all, the PROXIMITY WITH EVERYTHING for an easy and pleasant stay (see below). The weak points would be : the apartment is not equipped with blackout shades in the living room, only stores that don't provide absolute darkness. Eventually, the Haussmannian style buil"	"A mostly pleasant spacious and sunny flat, with a view on the bd Arago chestnuts trees.  For friends or family... Ideally situated between Port Royal and Gobelins, Denfert(RER) and Panthéon, Luxembourg and Montsouris parks, St Michel only 15 mn.  "" I like the classic, simple and serene style of this comfortable 3/4 rooms apartment. It can welcome 4 to 6 people comfortably. Situated in an adorable area, quiet and alive, with many restaurants and groceries. An easy to live quarter rich in transport: less than 15 mn from central Paris by direct bus with views on the Seine (see below under "" transport), And not so well known - which has its good sides! The strengths of this apartment are in my opinion : the SPACE ( 72m2 ) with a large living room and two real spacious rooms. The SUNLIGHT AND VIEW on the chestnut trees of the Boulevard Arago. The BEAUTY of contemporary cabinetmaker furniture. The simple and convenient COMFORT with no particular sophistication... And above all, the PROXIMITY"
9735	Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Quartier calme et agréable. Métro 6 glacière, métro 4 alesia, bus 62 et 21 glacière Tolbiac, RER B cité universitaire.	Agréable studio très lumineux dans le 14e arrondissement de Paris, proche parc Montsouri, pouvant accueillir une personne ou un couple (lit double). Toutes commodités. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Je vous accueille en personne pour vous guider dans vos premiers moments dans l'appartement. Vue sur la Tour Eiffel. Quartier calme et agréable. Métro 6 glacière, métro 4 alesia, bus 62 et 21 glacière Tolbiac, RER B cité universitaire. Quartier calme et agréable Métro 6 glacière, métro 4 alesia, bus 62 et 21 glacière Tolbiac, RER B cité universitaire
9736		Dans un appartement de 50m² à 1' de la station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand, profitez d'une chambre indépendante et des espaces communs. Enjoy a room in this Parisian apartment close to public transportation (RER C, line 14). High-speed wifi.
9737	Welcome to my spacious but cosy apartment which can accommodate up to 5 or 6 people. It is located one minute walk from the métro Les Gobelins (line 7) and 5 minutes walk from the famous rue Mouffetard, and the beautiful Jardin des Plantes. The area is very safe and very convenient with transport to railway stations and airport and all areas in Paris.  The place is spacious and mesures 75 squares meters and consists of two bedrooms, a lounge, 2 working areas with desks, a large kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. The lounge with a skylight, is a great place to read a book and relax.  The apartment is located very close to all amenities (bank, post office, supermarket  metro station...) You'll also find an excellent bakery 2 minutes by foot. La Place d'Italie is a couple of minutes away and you will find a large shopping center, ideal for shopping any kinds of necessities and more.... The Luxembourg Gardens and the Botanical Garden are just 10 minutes away by foot. So is the Sorbonne Un	Centrally located, spacious,  2 bedrooms ( 3 beds), quiet apartment for up to 5  people. Near the famed rue Mouffetard, very close to Metro stations, bus services, velib,  and a few minutes walk to Jardin des Plantes, Jardin du Luxembourg, Sorbonne,  Welcome to my spacious but cosy apartment which can accommodate up to 5 or 6 people. It is located one minute walk from the métro Les Gobelins (line 7) and 5 minutes walk from the famous rue Mouffetard, and the beautiful Jardin des Plantes. The area is very safe and very convenient with transport to railway stations and airport and all areas in Paris.  The place is spacious and mesures 75 squares meters and consists of two bedrooms, a lounge, 2 working areas with desks, a large kitchen and a bathroom with toilet. The lounge with a skylight, is a great place to read a book and relax.  The apartment is located very close to all amenities (bank, post office, supermarket  metro station...) You'll also find an excellent bakery 2 minutes by foot
9738	28m2, small but very cosy. Apparent wood beam,  terracotta floor tiles, in a very old fashioned and typical parisian building. 5th and last floor > Careful, no elevator ! Very Bright with sun from 5PM until dawn (perfect for the aperitif) Docks are very very close : bars, clubs, le Jardin des Plantes, la Grande Mosquée de Paris… Big convertible corner sofa  with extra mattress, small shower, kitchen well equipped and nice library. Careful, very small bathroom and small kitchen. The kitchen have enough space and well-equipped to cook. I do supply fresh bed linen and towels and a map of the district and the city. Optic fiber with WIFI  Rue Buffon 2 Subways RER C 6 buses	It is a very charming, cosy and bright apartement in the Fifht floor of a old and typical parisian bulding. It is very central, close to nice places to visit and nice places to party. You will find many public transport close to the building 28m2, small but very cosy. Apparent wood beam,  terracotta floor tiles, in a very old fashioned and typical parisian building. 5th and last floor > Careful, no elevator ! Very Bright with sun from 5PM until dawn (perfect for the aperitif) Docks are very very close : bars, clubs, le Jardin des Plantes, la Grande Mosquée de Paris… Big convertible corner sofa  with extra mattress, small shower, kitchen well equipped and nice library. Careful, very small bathroom and small kitchen. The kitchen have enough space and well-equipped to cook. I do supply fresh bed linen and towels and a map of the district and the city. Optic fiber with WIFI  Rue Buffon 2 Subways RER C 6 buses I can help you planing your trip, find a place and enjoy the most you can Paris a
9739	Bel appartement, idéal pour une location saisonnière dans le centre de Paris.  Disponibilités Nous sous-louons notre appartement du 1er au 8 août sans durée minimale et du 9 au 16 août pour une durée minimale de 8 nuitées.	Bel appartement, idéal pour une location saisonnière dans le centre de Paris. Situé à quelques mètres de la Place d'Italie, ce 2 pièces est au 1er étage d'une résidence calme, propre et surveillée (gardienne) et donne sur une cour intérieure. Bel appartement, idéal pour une location saisonnière dans le centre de Paris.  Disponibilités Nous sous-louons notre appartement du 1er au 8 août sans durée minimale et du 9 au 16 août pour une durée minimale de 8 nuitées. A moins de 5 minutes à pied : supermarchés, boulangerie, boucherie, banques, pressing, bazar, coiffeur... Côté restaurant, vous trouverez de quoi satisfaire vos papilles. Nous pourrons notamment vous conseiller de nombreux restaurants asiatiques. Fait rare à Paris, il est plutôt aisé de trouver une place pour stationner dans le quartier. Aucun problème si vous n'êtes pas véhiculé, l'appartement est desservi par de nombreux transports en commun : métro Place d'Italie (lignes 5, 6 et 7), métro Nationale (ligne 6), métro Campo-Form
9740	Le logement est équipé d'une télé, d'un vidéoprojecteur et du wifi Il dispose d'un lit double (120cm) dans la chambre ainsi que d'un lit d'appoint dans le salon (canapé dépliable en futon)	Nous louons notre appartement meublé au coeur de Paris. C'est un 34 m² qui donne sur cour, au 2ème étage avec ascenseur. Vous trouverez 2 grandes pièces (la chambre et le salon), 2 petites (la cuisine et la salle de bain). Le logement est équipé d'une télé, d'un vidéoprojecteur et du wifi Il dispose d'un lit double (120cm) dans la chambre ainsi que d'un lit d'appoint dans le salon (canapé dépliable en futon) Je vous accueille à votre arrivée et je me tiens à votre disposition pour vous donner des conseils de visite, de restaurants, etc. Quartier historique de Paris, proche de la rue Mouffetard, du Panthéon, du quartier latin, du jardin des plantes. Quartier réputé pour ses intellectuels et ses artistes. Très bien desservi par les transports, à 2 minutes à pied du métro et de bus L'appartement est situé dans un vieil immeuble, il a donc le charme de l'ancien MAIS cela a comme conséquence qu'il n'est pas aussi impeccable que le serait un appartement dans un immeuble neuf (même si le ména
9741	Appartement ensoleillé tout confort de 40 m2 pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Cuisine toute équipée, salon, chambre, salle de bains avec baignoire, WC séparés. Quartier vivant mais sûr, proche toutes commodités (sypermarchés, restaurants, cafés etc...). Location centrale, 2 minutes à pied du métro Glacière sur la ligne 6. Parking privé en sous-sol, accès direct par ascenseur. Etage élevé, ascenseur.	Cozy and sunny 40 sqm in central Paris, near the Butte aux Cailles. Can accomodate 4 people. Very safe location (métro Glacière on line 6), 2 mn walk to the métro. Living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. 6th floor with elevator, private parking.
9742		In the heart of Paris at Val de Grâce/Port Royal Area. 35 m2 Lovenest studio. High standing Residence with a wonderful view on the Park. Fully equipped kitchen, independent bathroom, Queen double bed (160x200). Near Gobelins & RER Port Royal stations
9743	20m2 agréable et moderne. À proximité de tous commerces et transports en commun. En plein cœur de Paris, idéal pour un couple et pour le tourisme. Transports en commun: Metro Gobelins Ligne 7 et Glacière ligne 6 à proximité (un four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, TV LCD 80cm, lecteur dvd, grille-pain, machine à café senseo, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser, enceintes 50w pour connecter Iphone ou Mp3, aspirateur. 	20m2 agréable et moderne. À proximité de tous commerces et transports en commun. En plein cœur de Paris, idéal pour un couple et pour le tourisme. Transports en commun: Metro Gobelins Ligne 7 et Glacière ligne 6 à proximité (un four micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, TV LCD 80cm, lecteur dvd, grille-pain, machine à café senseo, sèche-cheveux, fer à repasser, enceintes 50w pour connecter Iphone ou Mp3, aspirateur. 
9744	Thanks to the metro station located 150 meters from the studio, you can reach the center of Paris in less than 15 minutes. This apartment of 24 m² is very bright and gives a view of a courtyard with a small garden. This studio is equipped with a washing machine, a refrigerator, a microwave oven, and a computer with Internet access and WiFi. With double glazing and central heating window, you will be warm during the winter.	If you want to relax in a journey to the most beautiful city in France, discover the most beautiful monuments, enjoy good French cuisine, I suggest you make a stop in my charming Parisian furnished studio. Thanks to the metro station located 150 meters from the studio, you can reach the center of Paris in less than 15 minutes. This apartment of 24 m² is very bright and gives a view of a courtyard with a small garden. This studio is equipped with a washing machine, a refrigerator, a microwave oven, and a computer with Internet access and WiFi. With double glazing and central heating window, you will be warm during the winter. Guests have access to all the apartment, as well as computer available on the site. I am available to help you enjoy your stay, including helping you to find the information you need. I will be out of the apartment for the duration of your stay. This accommodation is located in the heart of the Parisian Chinatown, the best Asian restaurants are within walking dista
9745		Tout proche Paris, métro et tramway, petits commerces à proximité
9746	"Salon, salle à manger/bureau, 2 chambres (possibilité de deux places supplémentaires en lits d'appoint), 2 salles de bain, WC séparé et un autre dans la salle de bain, (douche à l'italienne  et baignoire) cuisine, WiFi, TV, musique, Parking Natixis sur les berges à proximité M° Quai de la Gare, Ligne 6 direct Montparnasse Autobus Quartier Latin NR.89 Interphone, gardienne. FrancPrix, marchand de journaux, café-restaurant dans le quartier. Piscine sur la Seine en bas de l'immeuble ""cité de la mode et du design"" Vélib, Automobiles électriques disponibles à la location dans la rue."	Beautiful and bright flat, 110m2, fifth floor with balconies and Seine river view !!! Big living room, dining room, full equipped kitchen, 2 spacious room, 2 bathrooms, Wifi, air conditioning.. 
9747		A Flat of 40m2 in a very quite street however closer to all facilities in case you need.   The bed room has a 1.60 double bed, but if you came with friends or family I also have a sofa-bed in the living room.  Bienvenue! Paris is waiting for you! During the time you are here make your self home, with all respect as if was yours.  I won't be there with you, but I'm always around, so please do not hesitate on contact me if you need any other information. I will be more them please to help you out.     Walking around…. You will be 10minutes walk to the famous ‘rue Mouffetard’ or ‘Sorbonne University’ // 10min by bus to ‘Notre Dame’ cathedral // 15min to the charming parc ‘Jardin de Luxembourg’// 20min of a  ‘Jardin des plantes’ and  the ‘Mosquée de Paris’.  Having fun…10 minute walk to the cool and lively quartier ‘Buttes au Cailles’- one of the plus cute and nicest areas in Paris with nice restaurants and cool pubs. Just Arrive:  You will be at Metro Glaciere Station - line 6  Easy acces
9748	It's bright, it has got a good vibe and good energy. Located in one of the best areas of Paris, non touristy and packed with awesome restaurants. Metro line 14 takes you to the centre of Paris in less than 15 min, it's the best line in Paris. 	Big, bright and spacious artist apartment.  Fully equipped, bed sheets and towels included. Beware, it's on the 6th floor with no elevator, might not be suitable for older people or kids.    Best for 2 but can sleep up to 4/5. It's bright, it has got a good vibe and good energy. Located in one of the best areas of Paris, non touristy and packed with awesome restaurants. Metro line 14 takes you to the centre of Paris in less than 15 min, it's the best line in Paris.  You're welcome to use the whole apartment.  We only rent our place when we are travelling, so we might not see you when you come. We will give you detailed instructions on how to get the keys or we'll have someone here waiting for you. No worries :-)  Best area in Paris to eat Asian food, less than 5 min from home there's one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the city! Many other restaurants at walking distance.  Less than 15 min walk you're at the Seine river where you can pic nic in summer, a big movie theatre is at w
9749		10 min from Notre Dame, Odeon, Quarter Saint Michel, Invalids palace, Eiffel Tour
9750	One room clean apartment, very calm, with a nice neighboorhood.  The room has a sofa - that can be transformed as a bed - and two chairs to enjoy a nice evening.  This place is ideal for a couple as well as single travellers  I will provide all the details you need to make the most of your stay.  The flat is situated 2min away from the metro Nationale, 5 min walking from Place d'Italie. 	23m² studio, charming and convenient, 5min away from Place d'Italie (M 5,6,7, 30min away from the rest of the city) Situated a few meters from Metro Nationale,  supermarkets, bakeries and banks.  Very calm. Clean, fully equiped kitchen, wifi. One room clean apartment, very calm, with a nice neighboorhood.  The room has a sofa - that can be transformed as a bed - and two chairs to enjoy a nice evening.  This place is ideal for a couple as well as single travellers  I will provide all the details you need to make the most of your stay.  The flat is situated 2min away from the metro Nationale, 5 min walking from Place d'Italie. 
9751	"Recommandé par le ""guide des chambres d'hôtes insolites de Paris"" et ""guide des chambres d'hôtes pas comme les autres"", voici votre chambre ""LOUISIANE"" au 1er à 160€ la nuit, atypique et charmante, donnant sur terrasse et jardin, ou ""SUMATRA"" au rez de chaussée à 120€ la nuit, ouverte sur patio intérieur marocain.. Idéalement située a proximité de la Bibliothèque Nationale de France, près de la Seine, la ligne 14, le tramway, le RER C ou de nombreux bus vous transportent dans Paris en moins de 20 mn. Vivez votre séjour dans une ambiance calme, exotique et de confort et profitez du jardin, du patio, des vastes proportions en rentrant d'une journée fatigante... L'appartement est décoré avec goût dans un style contemporain et oriental ou le plaisir des yeux va avec l'amour des espaces: On voyage tout en étant dans Paris.  En haut d'un escalier se niche une chambre aux couleurs vanille-chocolat (lit queen-size: 160cm) et aux baies ouvertes sur  jardin-terrasse avec salle de bains( équipée "	"Recommended by the "" guide of the unusual guest houses of Paris ""and"" guide guest houses not as the others "", here is your room(chamber) ""LOUISIANA"" in 140€ at night, atypical and charming, giving onto terrace and garden, or ""SUMATRA"" to 120€ the nig"
9752		Studio au calme dans petit immeuble en brique, 3° étage avec ascenseur sur cour, proche de toutes les commodités. Au pied du métro ligne 7 (direct Châtelet, Louvre...), vélib, autolib dans la rue. Restaurants et boutiques variées, marché...
9753	Le studio vous permettra de profiter de sa canapé-lit, sa connexion Internet. 	Je sous-loue mon studio dans le 13ème pour le mois d'août. Le studio est agréable et calme avec un bureau et rangements, une cuisine bien équipée, un micro onde, frigo, machine à café, plaques électriques. La salle de bain possède une douche, lavabo. Le studio vous permettra de profiter de sa canapé-lit, sa connexion Internet. Le studio est à quelques pas de la Butte-aux-Cailles et ses nombreux bars et restaurants. Le studio est situé à 5 minutes à pied de Métro Maison Blanche ou Métro Porte d'Italie, quartier Poterne de Peupliers (ligne de métro 7, tramway T3a). Il y a un parking juste à côté.
9754		une jolie chambre de 15 m2 avec un lit double, dans un appartement (F4) haussmannien  avec accès à la cuisine, à la salle de bain et Wc ... ideal pour un séjour agréable à Paris. un tres agréable café parisien en bas de l'immeuble
9755		It is a nice, private room with a big window and a bunk/s bed, which you can pull up during the day. There is also a couch, desk, chair and cupboard in the room. The small, well equiped kitchen has an oven, cooker,fridge.There is also a bathroom.
9756	Hello! My name is Rosilene, I’m 50 years old and I’m a cook in a Brazilian restaurant. I’m renting a nice bedroom in my apartment. The bedroom has a double-bed and curtains. I live on the first floor and the area is very quiet since I live in a medium street with a small park located right in front of the building! The haussmanian architecture is predominant in the area!	The bedroom has a double bed and curtains. There's a nice view from the park across the street from the window Hello! My name is Rosilene, I’m 50 years old and I’m a cook in a Brazilian restaurant. I’m renting a nice bedroom in my apartment. The bedroom has a double-bed and curtains. I live on the first floor and the area is very quiet since I live in a medium street with a small park located right in front of the building! The haussmanian architecture is predominant in the area! I do have a washing-machine and a tumble drier that can be used for free. The kitchen can obviously be used as well (I mean, you can store food and cook there!). There will be some food for your breakfast as bread and french viennoiserie! I do have a café machine that you can use as well, no problem! Still. the common rooms (bathroom, living room and kitchen) will have to remain clean and tidy during your stay, as the bedroom after you leave. I sleep in the living room and generally have to wake up early so I 
9757	Comfortable and full of light F1 (30m2) in the 5th district of Paris. Located only 3 minutes away from Jardin des Plantes, La Seine, Rue Mouffetard. 5 min bus ride will get you to the Cathédrale Notre Dame, Pantheon, and so on. Extremely well connected (6 bus lines, 2 metro lines, RER C). Really good spot to start visiting Paris.  WHAT YOU GET: - Clean sheets and towels provided - Wifi access - Paris guides  - You can help yourself by trying my nice tea selection. The flat is just in front of an elevated metro line, so (although it has double-vitrage and is a 7th floor) it can get a bit noisy (just a bit while you get used to it), and I recommend light sleepers to bring ear plugs. 	Luminous and comfortable flat (30m2), 4 mins away from Gare d'Austerlitz, Jardin de Plantes, 10mins from Rue Moufftard. Just next to La Seine, the perfect location!  Sunny in the morning with two little private balconies.  Comfortable and full of light F1 (30m2) in the 5th district of Paris. Located only 3 minutes away from Jardin des Plantes, La Seine, Rue Mouffetard. 5 min bus ride will get you to the Cathédrale Notre Dame, Pantheon, and so on. Extremely well connected (6 bus lines, 2 metro lines, RER C). Really good spot to start visiting Paris.  WHAT YOU GET: - Clean sheets and towels provided - Wifi access - Paris guides  - You can help yourself by trying my nice tea selection. The flat is just in front of an elevated metro line, so (although it has double-vitrage and is a 7th floor) it can get a bit noisy (just a bit while you get used to it), and I recommend light sleepers to bring ear plugs.  The flat has a open (fully equipped) kitchen/dining room with a single sofa-bed + one 
9758		Beau 55 m2 dans le quartier chinois, ensoleillé, sans vis à vis, ascenseur, très bien chauffé, wi-fi, TV.  Métro Ligne 7, bus ligne 47 (direction Châtelet, Gare de l'Est)  Séjour et chambre (lit double), mise à disposition de linge de maison.  
9759		Grande chambre dans un appartement de 100m² confortable et entièrement équipé. Au pied de la station Metro, Tramway, et Bus porte de Choisy: 10 min en direct du coeur de Paris. Un endroit idéal pour visiter Paris et rentrer dans un quartier calme.
9760	Vrai beau  3 pièces  décoré  avec goût de 67 m2, à proximité de la Bibliothèque Nationale de France (BNF). Métro le plus proche Olympiades (ligne 14). Deux chambres  très confortables, avec 2 grands lits cuisine américaine avec bar donnant sur le salon, salle de bain avec toilettes. Lumineux, calme. Sur rue et sur cour. Location de l'appartement entier. Cuisine toute équipée, TV, Wifi, Câble.  Beaucoup de commerces de proximité, vie de quartier agréable. La ligne 14 est très pratique et rapide (elle dessert  le centre de paris ,la Madeleine et la Gare de Lyon et Gare St Lazare). Le cinema MK2 Bibliothèque est à moins de 10 minutes à pieds. Beaucoup de restaurants et de bistrots  dans le quartier  	Vrai beau  3 pièces  décoré  avec goût de 67 m2, à proximité de la Bibliothèque Nationale de France (BNF). Métro le plus proche Olympiades (ligne 14). Deux chambres  très confortables, avec 2 grands lits cuisine américaine avec bar donnant sur le salon, salle de bain avec toilettes. Lumineux, calme. Sur rue et sur cour. Location de l'appartement entier. Cuisine toute équipée, TV, Wifi, Câble.  Beaucoup de commerces de proximité, vie de quartier agréable. La ligne 14 est très pratique et rapide (elle dessert  le centre de paris ,la Madeleine et la Gare de Lyon et Gare St Lazare). Le cinema MK2 Bibliothèque est à moins de 10 minutes à pieds. Beaucoup de restaurants et de bistrots  dans le quartier Toutes machines linge ,vaisselle ,café Nespresso
9761	"Ce logement, idéal pour un couple de voyageurs, est particulièrement chaleureux et apaisant.  La décoration du séjour, très fortement inspirée du design ""nordique"", plaira à coup sûr à tous les amateurs de mobiliers rétro.  La chambre associe, quant à elle, tons vifs et motifs fleuris pour une ambiance ""baroque chic""."	"Charmant appartement de 2 pièces idéalement situé et comprenant un séjour fonctionnel (cuisine ouverte sur salle à manger et salon), une chambre spacieuse avec balcon ainsi qu'une salle de bain entièrement équipée (avec machine à laver/sèche-linge) Ce logement, idéal pour un couple de voyageurs, est particulièrement chaleureux et apaisant.  La décoration du séjour, très fortement inspirée du design ""nordique"", plaira à coup sûr à tous les amateurs de mobiliers rétro.  La chambre associe, quant à elle, tons vifs et motifs fleuris pour une ambiance ""baroque chic"". L'appartement étant entièrement équipé, les voyageurs disposeront de tous le mobilier et l'électroménager nécessaire à leur confort (frigo, four, micro-ondes, plaques chauffantes, lave linge, sèche linge, aspirateur...). Accueil des voyageurs. Ce quartier est particulièrement bien situé, calme et facile d'accès. De nombreux lieux d'exception, rue commerçante et restaurants sont accessibles à moins de 10 min de marche. -  à moin"
9762		Comfortable and clean, this spacious apartment is close to the Seine and the 14 metro line (which runs every two minutes straight to downtown Paris). Great for a couple or a single person who wants to have a nice comfy and quiet place to crash.
9763	Grand studio moderne refait à neuf en 2014, très propre et soigné - très éclairé exposition sud ouest - excellente situation géographique, situé dans rue calme . parking privé  la ligne 14 du métro et le RER C a, à peine 5 min à pied vous permettent de rejoindre très rapidement tous les sites parisiens. coin cuisine : plaque à induction 3 foyers, four, réfrigérateur congélateur lave vaisselle hotte aspirante. canapé convertible très confortable accompagné d'un surmatelas à mémoire de forme pour plus de confort - commode armoire de rangement  table basse rehaussable en table à manger avec chaises  grand écran plat full HD - WIFI - Internet illimité toilettes séparées salle de bain comprenant baignoire, lavabo, meuble de rangement et lave linge. Vous pouvez visualiser une vidéo via mail	loue appartement refait à neuf de 30 m2 , situé à Paris. À deux pas vous trouverez de nombreux commerces, restaurants, cafés,boutiques. Accès WIFI illimité dans l appartement parking METRO ligne 14 Grand studio moderne refait à neuf en 2014, très propre et soigné - très éclairé exposition sud ouest - excellente situation géographique, situé dans rue calme . parking privé  la ligne 14 du métro et le RER C a, à peine 5 min à pied vous permettent de rejoindre très rapidement tous les sites parisiens. coin cuisine : plaque à induction 3 foyers, four, réfrigérateur congélateur lave vaisselle hotte aspirante. canapé convertible très confortable accompagné d'un surmatelas à mémoire de forme pour plus de confort - commode armoire de rangement  table basse rehaussable en table à manger avec chaises  grand écran plat full HD - WIFI - Internet illimité toilettes séparées salle de bain comprenant baignoire, lavabo, meuble de rangement et lave linge. Vous pouvez visualiser une vidéo via mail grâce 
9764		"Dans un petit immeuble ancien, à deux pas des commerces et des lignes de métro, un concentré de mode de vie ""à la française"" pour cet appartement de deux pièces très lumineux et sans vis à vis, au coeur du 13ème arrondissement."
9765	Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest. You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris on the rooftop! Delightful in summer  and in winter as well ! Off course, my wife and I are pleased to advise you and give you all the assistance you’ll need to make your stay in Paris pleasant. OUR CHECK IN IS 1 pm CHECK IN TIMES CAN BE ARRANGED	Nice room in a full equipped private space for our airbnb's guest: bathroom, kitchen, mini lounge with... the luxury of being able to go to the swimming pool and sauna at the end of you busy tourism day! Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest. You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris on the rooftop! Delightful in summer  and 
9766	In an unusual and very charming private street . Quiet and romantic apartment, with bath, marble fireplace and private courtyard .	Lightly and very charming private street . Quiet and romantic apartment, with bath, marble fireplace and private courtyard . At 5 minutes from Place d'Italie, shops and the metro, 20mn to the center of Paris, Notre-Dame, Louvre, Châtelet.
9767	Apartment very well refurbished and redesign last year by an architect, there's no wasted space. You'd have 50m2, 2 bedrooms : one with a Queen size bed and leather pillows, and other room with a big sofa bed 200x140 ; 1 bathroom with a comfortable tub and heater for your towels, two balconies with charming views and a perfectly equipped kitchen (induction hot plates, a small coffee maker like the cafeterias...). The only thing to be remarked is that as any other classical building of the quartier latin, there is no elevator so you would have to go up the stairs to the top floor (6th floor), that's the reason why it has those views. Breakfast included	Fully furnished top floor apartment, all outside with plenty of light in the calmest part of the old Quartier Latin. 2 balconies with views over Paris' charming roofs,the apt.'s surrounded by popular small shops and open-air markets. Breakfast incl Apartment very well refurbished and redesign last year by an architect, there's no wasted space. You'd have 50m2, 2 bedrooms : one with a Queen size bed and leather pillows, and other room with a big sofa bed 200x140 ; 1 bathroom with a comfortable tub and heater for your towels, two balconies with charming views and a perfectly equipped kitchen (induction hot plates, a small coffee maker like the cafeterias...). The only thing to be remarked is that as any other classical building of the quartier latin, there is no elevator so you would have to go up the stairs to the top floor (6th floor), that's the reason why it has those views. Breakfast included You will have access to the principal tourist and cultural attractions but you'll not be ov
9768	Typique et charmant appartement parisien, avec balcon et vue sur jardin, baignoire et même un bidet ! Cuisine équipée, TV, wifi, un lit double et un canapé-lit double. Je loue mon appartement en dessous des prix du marché parce que la peinture se décolle un peu. Je ne trouve cela pas du tout gênant et je pense que cela vaut vraiment le coup pour un tel havre de paix avec vue sur jardin, ce qui est très rare sur Paris ! Sur le balcon, on se sent vraiment en vacances !	35 m2 à 1 min du métro Les Gobelins, aux portes du 5eme arrond. au coeur de Paris,5 min rue mouffetard, très calme et lumineux ! avec balcon de 5 m2 vue sur jardin, dans un quartier très dynamique.Salle de bain avec baignoire,cuisine équipée, TV wifi Typique et charmant appartement parisien, avec balcon et vue sur jardin, baignoire et même un bidet ! Cuisine équipée, TV, wifi, un lit double et un canapé-lit double. Je loue mon appartement en dessous des prix du marché parce que la peinture se décolle un peu. Je ne trouve cela pas du tout gênant et je pense que cela vaut vraiment le coup pour un tel havre de paix avec vue sur jardin, ce qui est très rare sur Paris ! Sur le balcon, on se sent vraiment en vacances ! Vous avez accès au logement entier : pièce principale, balcon, cuisine, salle de bain, hall d'entrée. Pas de problème pour vous conseiller sur les choses à faire dans le quartier ou sur d'autres problématiques tels que les commerces, bus... Quartier exceptionnel et très dynami
9769	Lovely living room with a good sofa bed.  Two bedrooms. One with a very confortable double bed and a home cinéma !  The other one is our son's room with a junior bed.  Kitchen with all you need (we love to cook) and a charming bathroom.  The apartment is on the 4th floor without elevator.	"Beautiful charming and calm apartment (4th floor).  Ideally located between the 5th and the 13th district. 5 minutes walk from the ""jardin des plantes"" and ""rue Mouffetard"".  Lovely living room with a good sofa bed.  Two bedrooms. One with a very confortable double bed and a home cinéma !  The other one is our son's room with a junior bed.  Kitchen with all you need (we love to cook) and a charming bathroom.  The apartment is on the 4th floor without elevator. few minutes walk from the subway stations Campo Formio (ligne 5) and Gobelins (ligne 7). By mail Our street is very calm but there are a lot of wonderful cafés, restaurants, markets.  The apartment is well connected to Paris by train and bus, close to all stores, restaurants, cafés, cinéma... Home cinema"
9770	Very bright studio (3 windows), fully renovate in march 2015. The flat  is 28 square meters, with a kitchen space, a large living room, a dinning area and a  shower room.	"Hello,  This is the perfect place for your stay. A large and bright studio  in the typical area of la Butte aux Cailles, close to metro Corvisart (ligne 6). Very safe and quiet place. Totally renew In match 2015. Pet not allowed. Very bright studio (3 windows), fully renovate in march 2015. The flat  is 28 square meters, with a kitchen space, a large living room, a dinning area and a  shower room. Wifi access and TV acces if you have your computer (because there is no TV screen) If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me.The flat has been totally renew in march 2015.    The appartement is situated in the hilltop of La Butte aux Cailles, the south pendant of Montmartre, a real ""village"" atmosphere in a safe area.  Just down the building you will find a lively and young neighbourhood, with many trendy bars and restaurants. Tip : a now extinct river, the Bièvre, once made this area important for the tannery and tissue trades. It's a great place to experience the french way o"
9771	Located on the 13th floor of a building with lift. The building is located above the commercial center. To access its entrance, you can either use the stairs from the Avenue, or avoid them if you go through the commercial center and use the lift. The access is secured with an intercom and a magnetic key. The apartment has a fantastic clear view on the Parisian rooftops, you will see Montmartre on the back, Saint Sulpice church, Notre Dame, the Observatory Dome, etc… This charming 26 sqm studio will sleep two guests. It is very luminous thanks to the large bay window and its a amazing clear view. The main room has a couch convertible in a double bed (comfortable mattress of 140×200), a desk facing the bay window. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the large closet with wardrobe and many shelves. The fitted kitchen is in the entrance. The bathroom features a walk-in shower, a washbasin and a toilet. The studio is simple but comfortable, it will be perfect for your v	Lovely studio for two people with an incredible view to rent in Paris near the Place d'Italie, easy access to many public transports, direct access from the building to the great shopping center 'Italie 2' ! Located on the 13th floor of a building with lift. The building is located above the commercial center. To access its entrance, you can either use the stairs from the Avenue, or avoid them if you go through the commercial center and use the lift. The access is secured with an intercom and a magnetic key. The apartment has a fantastic clear view on the Parisian rooftops, you will see Montmartre on the back, Saint Sulpice church, Notre Dame, the Observatory Dome, etc… This charming 26 sqm studio will sleep two guests. It is very luminous thanks to the large bay window and its a amazing clear view. The main room has a couch convertible in a double bed (comfortable mattress of 140×200), a desk facing the bay window. You will be able to store your clothes and belongings in the large clo
9772	"**Exceptionnel ! Les 2 semaines de location de ce grand loft pour 8 personnes au Coeur de Paris pour seulement 2 100 € (du 15 au 29 aout) !** La maison d'une superficie de 250m2  est situé dans un quartier très animé de Paris "" la butte aux Cailles""  mais la maison est à l'abri du bruit.  La maison se compose ainsi : Une grande pièce a vivre avec grande table de diner Un salon ouvert avec canapés, table basse et télévision Une cuisine ouverte avec lave-vaisselle Une mezzanine avec lit 2 places et salle de bain 2 chambres au premier étage: une avec lit simple-mezzanine et une avec lit double + salle de bain. Au troisième étage : Une grande chambre avec lit double + Canapé-lit 2 places + salle de douche. Une  terrasse avec mobiliers d’extérieurs Possibilité de dormir sur les 3 canapés du salon (pas convertibles) donc pour seulement 3 personnes. Donc capacité d'une douzaine de personnes. L'idéal serait que vous apportiez des draps/sacs de couchage."	"Cette maison familiale est proposée à la location du 15 au 22 aout 2015. Située au Coeur de Paris, à la Butte aux Cailles, dans un quartier jeune et dynamique, cette maison convient parfaitement aux grands groupes venus visiter la capitale **Exceptionnel ! Les 2 semaines de location de ce grand loft pour 8 personnes au Coeur de Paris pour seulement 2 100 € (du 15 au 29 aout) !** La maison d'une superficie de 250m2  est situé dans un quartier très animé de Paris "" la butte aux Cailles""  mais la maison est à l'abri du bruit.  La maison se compose ainsi : Une grande pièce a vivre avec grande table de diner Un salon ouvert avec canapés, table basse et télévision Une cuisine ouverte avec lave-vaisselle Une mezzanine avec lit 2 places et salle de bain 2 chambres au premier étage: une avec lit simple-mezzanine et une avec lit double + salle de bain. Au troisième étage : Une grande chambre avec lit double + Canapé-lit 2 places + salle de douche. Une  terrasse avec mobiliers d’extérieurs Possib"
9773	L'appartement est un 2 pièces. Un grand salon avec un cannapé lit pour les enfants ou entre amis. Une chambre parental, Une salle de bain Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon Tout équipée, l'appartement est idéal pour visiter paris et se reposer le soir, parfait pour les familles qui préfèrent cuisiner à la maison et qui si elles ont besoin, doivent laver ou repasser leurs affaires. 	Jolie appartement de 45 m2 parfait pour les couples en amoureux ou les petites familles. Il sera également idéal pour tous ceux ayant des obligations sur paris de courte durée. Ensoleillé et jouxtant un parc, calme et reposant. L'appartement est un 2 pièces. Un grand salon avec un cannapé lit pour les enfants ou entre amis. Une chambre parental, Une salle de bain Une cuisine ouverte sur le salon Tout équipée, l'appartement est idéal pour visiter paris et se reposer le soir, parfait pour les familles qui préfèrent cuisiner à la maison et qui si elles ont besoin, doivent laver ou repasser leurs affaires. Situé dans une résidence très calme, la cour intérieure est décorée d'un petit jardin ou l'on aura plaisir à se reposer sur les bancs l'entourant et à discuter avec les voisins . L' appartement est à 10 min du vieux paris et 5 min de la Seine. 
9774	On the 5th floor with lift, this charming appartment is quiet and sunny in the area of the National Library (Grande Bibliothèque François Mitterrand). The Area : Located at the metro Quai de la Gare, it's 5 minutes walking to the parc de Bercy, and 2 minutes walking to the river, with the swimming pool on the Seine « Joséphine Baker », numerous bars on the banks and on the peniches.  10 minutes riding with bicycle to Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Châtelet. Metro : Line 6 Quai de la gare or line 14 Bercy.  The 25m2 appartment : Kitchen, Private bedroom with double bed (140x190). Closet space for storage. Bathroom (shower and WC) Hair Dryer, Internet TV and Wifi access are provided. Washing machine available. Bedding and towels are provided. Check-in time is flexible, but should be arranged before your arrival. Feel free to ask any questions.	On the 5th floor with lift, this charming appartment is quiet and sunny in the area of the National Library (Grande Bibliothèque François Mitterrand). The Area : Located at the metro Quai de la Gare, it's 5 minutes walking to the parc de Bercy, and 2 minutes walking to the river, with the swimming pool on the Seine « Joséphine Baker », numerous bars on the banks and on the peniches.  10 minutes riding with bicycle to Saint Michel, Notre Dame, Châtelet. Metro : Line 6 Quai de la gare or line 14 Bercy.  The 25m2 appartment : Kitchen, Private bedroom with double bed (140x190). Closet space for storage. Bathroom (shower and WC) Hair Dryer, Internet TV and Wifi access are provided. Washing machine available. Bedding and towels are provided. Check-in time is flexible, but should be arranged before your arrival. Feel free to ask any questions.
9775	Nice 64m2 flat fully furniture, well organized, brightfull and quiet with a huge balcony. Three bedrooms with dressing, one with a super king size bed and the two others with a bunk bed. Big American kitchen with dish washer, convection oven, micro-wave, induction fire, big fridge and freezer. Huge living room with big convertible table and a comfortable leather sofa.	"Nice 64m2 flat fully furniture, well organized, brightfull and quiet with a huge balcony. Three bedrooms with dressing and Big American. Perfect for a familly! Nice 64m2 flat fully furniture, well organized, brightfull and quiet with a huge balcony. Three bedrooms with dressing, one with a super king size bed and the two others with a bunk bed. Big American kitchen with dish washer, convection oven, micro-wave, induction fire, big fridge and freezer. Huge living room with big convertible table and a comfortable leather sofa. you will be able to reach down town within less than 20min. Underground line 7 from Maison Blanche station. You will be able to taste the French Chinatown! Very close to line7 subway station ""Maison Blanch"" and Tramway T3 ""Porte d'Italie""."
9776		Joli studio tout aménagé, cuisine, salle de douche avec WC (Sani-broyeur), en rez-de-chaussée, dans seconde cour arborée avec sympathique voisinage. Possibilité de prendre son petit déjeuner à l'extérieur en été. Calme, ensoleillé, et frais.
9777		Hello! My 18m2 studio is located in a student residence
9778	Mon appartement, décoré aux couleurs de mes voyages est en excellent état. Il présente tout le confort nécessaire pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Il est situé dans une rue très calme, face à un parc arboré. A proximité , vous pourrez découvrir le quartier de la Butte aux Cailles, le quartier Mouffetard, le Panthéon et aussi le quartier Chinois. De nombreux restaurants et cinémas entourent le quartier.	Joli et calme appartement face à un parc. Idéal pour les touristes mais aussi pour les travailleurs, proche des lignes de métro 5,6 et 7 A proximité de place d'Italie, les Gobelins, Corvisart, proche de la rue Mouffetard et de son charmant marché. Mon appartement, décoré aux couleurs de mes voyages est en excellent état. Il présente tout le confort nécessaire pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Il est situé dans une rue très calme, face à un parc arboré. A proximité , vous pourrez découvrir le quartier de la Butte aux Cailles, le quartier Mouffetard, le Panthéon et aussi le quartier Chinois. De nombreux restaurants et cinémas entourent le quartier. La Butte aux Cailles Le quartier Mouffetard Le Panthéon Le quartier Chinois Je répondrais du mieux possible à vos questions et vos éventuelles demandes pour rendre votre séjour agréable. Appartement situé dans un quartier particulièrement calme mais aussi, à quelques mètres de là très vivant. A la croisée de quartiers historiques et pittoresq
9779	Au coeur de Paris mais dans résidence très atypique au calme	Charmant 2 pièces dans résidence calme aux Gobelins. Cuisine sépare . Salle de douche. Bien équipe . Cet appartement est idéal pour un couple. Possibilité 3ème couchage sur canapé. Au coeur de Paris mais dans résidence très atypique au calme
9780	Internet est installé avec télévision. Les lits peuvent être séparés ou rassemblés. La cuisine est équipé d'un micro-onde (fonction four), d'un réfrigérateur, de deux plaques de cuissons électriques. Machine à laver le linge. Table et fer à repasser. Le logement est claire et calme. Internet is installed with television. The 2 single beds can be separate or gathered.  Housing is clear and calm	"Near Place d'Italy. 2nd stage of a small building in quiet street. 1 minute to ""métro tolbiac"" and many transport around. There are 2 parts, very calm and near shopping.  Près de la Place d'Italie. 2 pièces  calmes, proche transport et commerces. Internet est installé avec télévision. Les lits peuvent être séparés ou rassemblés. La cuisine est équipé d'un micro-onde (fonction four), d'un réfrigérateur, de deux plaques de cuissons électriques. Machine à laver le linge. Table et fer à repasser. Le logement est claire et calme. Internet is installed with television. The 2 single beds can be separate or gathered.  Housing is clear and calm Mon épouse et moi-même habitons à 10 minutes à pied du logement. Nous sommes disponibles  pour toutes questions sur le logement ou sur Paris. My wife and myself on foot let us live at 10 minutes housing. We are available for all questions about housing or  Visiting Paris. La rue est calme et agréable. L'avenue d'Italie offre tout type de commerce, de la "
9781	Freshly renovated, sunny, charming and practical furnished flat ideal for one person or a couple. It is a self-service flat with 33 m2 (108 square feet) surface area. It has two rooms (one bedroom + one living room), and is up one flight of stairs on an old cobbled mews in the Butte Aux Cailles (a charming and lively neighborhood next to place d'Italie which is a hub for public transport). Easy to get to monuments and still live in a Parisian Paris, where good restaurants and your local cafe are at an affordable prices. -four double-glazed south-facing windows, sunshine and trees -white oak parquet floors, tasteful antique furnishings -beds : 160 cm bed (2 person) in the bedroom, two sleeping couches (2 x 1 person) in the living room, -small open kitchen with double stove top, fridge, microwave, coffee press, electric kettle, all utensils and tableware, tea coffee salt sugar in stock, -linens and towels, hairdryer, optional laundry pick up service, -washer /dryer, iron, ironing board, 	Freshly renovated, sunny, charming and practical furnished flat ideal for one person or a couple. It is a self-service flat with 33 m2 (108 square feet) surface area. It has two rooms (one bedroom + one living room), and is up one flight of stairs on an old cobbled mews in the Butte Aux Cailles (a charming and lively neighborhood next to place d'Italie which is a hub for public transport). Easy to get to monuments and still live in a Parisian Paris, where good restaurants and your local cafe are at an affordable prices. -four double-glazed south-facing windows, sunshine and trees -white oak parquet floors, tasteful antique furnishings -beds : 160 cm bed (2 person) in the bedroom, two sleeping couches (2 x 1 person) in the living room, -small open kitchen with double stove top, fridge, microwave, coffee press, electric kettle, all utensils and tableware, tea coffee salt sugar in stock, -linens and towels, hairdryer, optional laundry pick up service, -washer /dryer, iron, ironing board, 
9782	Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. - Un grand canapé lit pour 2 personnes - un matelas futon au sol pour 2 personnes - Draps et ligne de lit fournit Tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner est là. Dans le quartier, vous trouverez boulangeries, boucheries, épiceries, superettes Plusieurs accès au métro. Rue butte aux cailles à 10 min à pieds (bars, restaurants). Station velib et autolib au pied de l'immeuble. 	Appartement de 25m2 avec balcon dans quartier calme. Proche métro Glacière. Commerces proches. Situé dans quartier calme (rentrer tard n'est pas un problème). Pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. - Un grand canapé lit pour 2 personnes - un matelas futon au sol pour 2 personnes - Draps et ligne de lit fournit Tout le nécessaire pour cuisiner est là. Dans le quartier, vous trouverez boulangeries, boucheries, épiceries, superettes Plusieurs accès au métro. Rue butte aux cailles à 10 min à pieds (bars, restaurants). Station velib et autolib au pied de l'immeuble. 
9783		Grand 2 pièces de 52m² Paris 13 Situé face cité florale et proche Parc Montsouris Equipé, ensoleillé et bien agencé Proche commerces et transports Refait à neuf Immeuble sécurisé Cuisine équipée avec micro-ondes, lave-linge, gazinière, meubles de cuisine, frigo Salon avec canapé cuir convertible, table, TV Chambre avec lit 2 places + table de chevet Salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés Parking + cave, gardien, Interphone et digicode
9784		Cité florale, près du parc Montsouris, cette maison de 3 pièces des années 1920, dans un quartier piéton privé, peut accueillir trois personnes. A 5 minutes du tramway  et du RER Cité universitaire, les avantages de Paris tout en ayant la tranquillité de la campagne. 
9785		Logement parisien sous les toits avec balcon filant exposé plein sud. Loin des logements neufs et standardisés, cet appartement est fait de couloirs et de pièces charmantes.
9786		Grande chambre à louer dans un appartement partagé (3 chambres au total) lumineuse, meublée, spacieuse, avec parquet et cheminée Paris 13e arrdt, près du métro 14, du métro 6 et du tram T3a Cours végétalisée privative accessible au Rdc
9787	Large bourgeois apartment in a beautiful building stone, built in 1904, Haussmann style, with original oak herringbone, moldings in all rooms. Living rooms overlooking on the boulevard, 3 quiet rooms overlooking on courtyard, equiped kitchen, bathroom, shower room, 2 toilets. Sofa bed (120x200 cm), in the living room provides additional double bed when needed.	Apartment, old building stone, 3rd floor with lift, 5 rooms, hall, living room, 3 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, shower room, 2 WC with original wood floors, TV, internet. Large bourgeois apartment in a beautiful building stone, built in 1904, Haussmann style, with original oak herringbone, moldings in all rooms. Living rooms overlooking on the boulevard, 3 quiet rooms overlooking on courtyard, equiped kitchen, bathroom, shower room, 2 toilets. Sofa bed (120x200 cm), in the living room provides additional double bed when needed. A complete equiped kitchen with gas stove, electric oven, microwave oven, toaster, dishwasher, washing machine laundry, electric filter coffee and Italian coffee maker.  A bathroom with sink and bathtub,  A shower room with a large shower, a sink and a second toilet at the back of the apartment.  Cable TV, cable high band internet connexion with wifi. We can not accept travelers arriving or departing late or very early! The building is old, typically but poorly i
9788	Remis à neuf, l'appartement est en parfait état. Les nombreuses fenêtres laissent entrer la lumière et donnent vue sur une petite cour paisible. Logement de caractère : mur en pierre, cheminée, parquet. Plein de vie : Plantes, murs colorés, déco élaborée. Et tout équipé : 2 plasmas, internet + wifi, machine à café, robot, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge + séchage, table à repasser, imprimante, PS3, Wii, Chaine hifi, échiquier...	Appart remis à neuf (50m²) au charme authentique & chaleureux : mur en pierre, cheminée, parquet, plantes. Bien agencé, chambre privée avec lit double, plasma et dressing. Cuisine équipée. Quartier calme, marché, métro, commerce & parc à coté. Remis à neuf, l'appartement est en parfait état. Les nombreuses fenêtres laissent entrer la lumière et donnent vue sur une petite cour paisible. Logement de caractère : mur en pierre, cheminée, parquet. Plein de vie : Plantes, murs colorés, déco élaborée. Et tout équipé : 2 plasmas, internet + wifi, machine à café, robot, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge + séchage, table à repasser, imprimante, PS3, Wii, Chaine hifi, échiquier... L'appartement est à votre entière disposition, vous aurez donc accès à chaque pièce et à toutes les installations. Connaissant très bien Paris, amoureux de cette ville depuis des années, nous partagerons avec grand plaisir nos bonnes adresses et nos bons plans à proximité (bars, restaurants, théâtres). Notre quartier est dynam
9789	Bourgeois building, you will reside in a large  ground floor studio with high ceilings, separate eat in kitchen, full size shower in fully tiled bathroom. Everything is new renovated this year. Nice art deco moldings. Private access to courtyard. Oak parquet floor. Calm and quiet, nice and cool. You will sleep tight.	Large newly renovated studio in bourgeois building. Eat in kitchen, super bathroom shower. Private access to courtyard. Cool and calm perfect nest for Paris escapades. Authentic safe, french village. Foodies will find great restos & shops. It's real. Bourgeois building, you will reside in a large  ground floor studio with high ceilings, separate eat in kitchen, full size shower in fully tiled bathroom. Everything is new renovated this year. Nice art deco moldings. Private access to courtyard. Oak parquet floor. Calm and quiet, nice and cool. You will sleep tight. The apartment is super easy access ground floor. Digicode, secure. No stairs no hassle with luggage or shopping. You may contact us by mail or phone during your stay. There are plenty of bars ,restos, clubs in a 3 minutes walk. The Butte aux Cailles neighborhood is famous for its village ambiance, cobbled streets, un-touristy Parisien atmosphere. Great art deco public swimming pool 2 minute walk. Huge shopping district Place d
9790	Petit appartement à partager à place d'italie, ligne 5,6,7 + bus de nuit et le jour, magasins, bars, parc, bibliothèque. Chambre divisé par étagère, un grand lit pour vous, futon pour moi , cuisine équipée et WC. Entrée par code, 1er étage + ascens	Small flat sharing in place d'italie, line 5,6,7+bus night and day, shops, pubs, park, library. Room divided by bookshelf, big bed for you, futon for me (girl), equipped kitchen and toilet. entry by code, 1st floor+lift. 140€/week, IT, FR, JP, SP, EN Italian, French, Spanish, English and Japanese speaking. I work all the day but I can spend a good time with you and give you many informations about Paris. markets, pubs, restaurants, shops, cinemas, library 10'from city centre by underground, 20' by cycle
9791		Petit appartement trés clair et très calme au rez de chaussée au fond d'une cour près de la Bibliothèque Nationale et des quais de Seine. L'appartement possède 1 cuisine aménagée avec coin repas, 1 salon, 1 chambre et une salle de bain avec WC.
9792	The studio is located in the 13th district of Paris Its surface is 30 sqm. it is in a quiet street and very bright, facing south. Completely renovated in 2011, It is functional and modern. An open kitchen, a bathroom with a shower and a big lounge. At the 5th floor, with an elevator.  Lounge/dining room The spacious lounge with all the necessary furnishing  - Sofa bed 2 people - Sofa leather - Armchair leather - Table and chairs - Arrangement - Hi-fi system - Video-projector - Braid - Cousins  Kitchen Equipment:  - Oven  - Microwave - Cooktop - Coffee Nespresso Machine - Dishwashers - Refrigerator, Freezers - Kettle - Food processor - Tea, coffee(café), sugar … Bathroom - Shower - TOILETS - Washing machine	this studio is located in the just recently renovated area of the new Bibliothèque. It is quite and all equipped with kitchen, and laundry, next to the transport subway, train bus all places in Paris reachable in less than 20 minutes The studio is located in the 13th district of Paris Its surface is 30 sqm. it is in a quiet street and very bright, facing south. Completely renovated in 2011, It is functional and modern. An open kitchen, a bathroom with a shower and a big lounge. At the 5th floor, with an elevator.  Lounge/dining room The spacious lounge with all the necessary furnishing  - Sofa bed 2 people - Sofa leather - Armchair leather - Table and chairs - Arrangement - Hi-fi system - Video-projector - Braid - Cousins  Kitchen Equipment:  - Oven  - Microwave - Cooktop - Coffee Nespresso Machine - Dishwashers - Refrigerator, Freezers - Kettle - Food processor - Tea, coffee(café), sugar … Bathroom - Shower - TOILETS - Washing machine Lounge/dining room The spacious lounge with all th
9793	The studio is very calm and ideally located, with a quick access to the historical center of Paris. 	Sunny big studio with balcony, modern and beautifully designed with an american kitchen and a bar. Very calm, with view on a private garden. Close to all commodities, 100 meters away from the subway station, and 4 stations aways from Paris center. The studio is very calm and ideally located, with a quick access to the historical center of Paris. 
9794	"Mon petit studio de 20m2 cache un bel avantage, sa vraie mezzanine qui vous offre une véritable surface chambre et un petit nid douillet. Il est situé au 3è et dernier étage (pas de voisins au-dessus donc), mais sans ascenseur. J'ai craqué dessus car il est constitué de jolies poutres apparentes et d'une surface très aérée, assez haut de plafond. La salle de bain est également très agréable, c'est la première fois que j'ai le bonheur de profiter d'une baignoire et ça, c'est un petit vice bien agréable autant en hiver qu'en été ! Pour trouver plus facilement la rue, pour ceux qui arrivent en transports en commun, prendre le sortie ""Bd Vincent Auriol"", cela vous évitera de faire tout le tour de la Place pour trouver la rue ;-) Cuisine équipée : 2 plaques, frigo, évier et le nécessaire pour cuisiner et manger sur place (poêle, casserole, couverts...). Le lit principal (sur la mezzanine) est un deux places (matelas futon) et le second couchage est un canapé-lit à déplier si besoin. Draps e"	"Bonjour ! Petit studio où il fait bon vivre (courts ou moyens séjours) avec sa vraie mezzanine et ses poutres apparentes, proche de la Place d'Italie et de la Butte aux cailles, mais également des quais de Seine ainsi que du Jardin des Plantes. Mon petit studio de 20m2 cache un bel avantage, sa vraie mezzanine qui vous offre une véritable surface chambre et un petit nid douillet. Il est situé au 3è et dernier étage (pas de voisins au-dessus donc), mais sans ascenseur. J'ai craqué dessus car il est constitué de jolies poutres apparentes et d'une surface très aérée, assez haut de plafond. La salle de bain est également très agréable, c'est la première fois que j'ai le bonheur de profiter d'une baignoire et ça, c'est un petit vice bien agréable autant en hiver qu'en été ! Pour trouver plus facilement la rue, pour ceux qui arrivent en transports en commun, prendre le sortie ""Bd Vincent Auriol"", cela vous évitera de faire tout le tour de la Place pour trouver la rue ;-) Cuisine équipée : 2 "
9795	Au 5ème c'est lumineux, et quand il fait très chaud, on peut faire des courrants d'air. D'un confort simple, les gens disent que c'est un appartement agréable à vivre.	-une chambre, un lit neuf 120, table-bureau, chaises, étagères,  couvertures  draps et serviettes -une 2ème chambre possible avec le même mobilier (lit une personne) Au 5ème c'est lumineux, et quand il fait très chaud, on peut faire des courrants d'air. D'un confort simple, les gens disent que c'est un appartement agréable à vivre. vous avez accès à la cuisine, la salle de douche, et le salon. Ce serait gentil d'accueillir les éventuels coloc qui arriveraient pour la 2ème chambre si je ne suis pas là. Donc cela sous -entend bien sur que vous acceptez de partager le salon, la cuisine et la salle de douche avec des éventuels coloc qui viendraient dans la chambre n°2 (à priori plutôt 1 personne puisque 1 lit une personne, à moins qu'une 2ème personne pique un matelas du salon) Proche du quartier chinois de Paris, et ses célèbres supermarchés Tang Frères, Paristore...,  à 5 minutes du supermarché Géant Casino à 2 étages. Stations:  -« Porte d'Ivry »: Tram, métro ligne 7, terminus des bus 2
9796	Welcome to our clean and safe one bedroom flat for two people! Authentic and very well equiped for a good price!	"Very nice and secure disctrict with many transportation to visit easily Paris! Welcome to our clean and safe one bedroom flat for two people! Authentic and very well equiped for a good price! Equipment & Services: - Double couch & bed (good quality) - Large LCD TV, Internet, Xbox with Kinect - Kitchen fully equiped (microwave + oven, fridge...) - Bathtub - Iron, washing machine You will be welcomed by my mother who is leaving few streets away. Smile guaranteed! :) - 10 minutes walking from one of the biggest parisian mall (Italie 2) - 5 minutes walking from the very charming and typical ""Buttes aux cailles"" district (french restaurants & bars) - 2 minutes walking from a beautiful french Church And everything accessible easily by subway And very convenient to visit the rest of Paris with subway. - Situated in the 13rd district of Paris (very safe location) - Easy access to subway 5,6, 7 and tramway T3 - 15 minutes from the center of Paris by subway"
9797	Rent big appartment for familiy (85m): -one bedroom with double bed  -a room with cot  -sofa bed in the lounge with double bed - bath tub -parking	85 m² apartment : opened kitchen, large living room with sofa bed, 2 bedrooms, bathroom/bathtub, parking, subway (OLYMPIADES) at 1 min. Very close to : Butte aux Cailles, Quais de la Seine, Bercy/Saint Emilion, place Italie. Ideal family 3-5 pers. Rent big appartment for familiy (85m): -one bedroom with double bed  -a room with cot  -sofa bed in the lounge with double bed - bath tub -parking METRO LIGNE 14 - Olympiades METRO LIGNE 7 - Tolbiac Frontier with typical and animated Chinese town and Tolbiac Street. Located at few minutes (bus, walking) of interesting and animated places of Paris XIII : quais de Seine, parc de Bercy and  Court Saint Emilion, Butte aux Cailles, place Italie... At 10 minutes for Chatelet, Gare de Lyon (subway 14), 15  for quartier Latin (subway 7) Subway : ligne 14 (Olympiades) ou 7 (Tolbiac) Bus: 62, 83 et 64 baby equipments, perfect for family
9798	Big flat in paris 100m2 with garden. Very well located in a quite environnement,10 mn walking from moufffetrad quartier and pantheon, 10 mn by bus to Notre Dame. Very well equiped, wifi, computer, garage, dvd, television.. for families and children Three bedrooms, two bathrooms 7 confortable sleeping places  Near to shops, supermarket,pubs, bistro, metro and buses Very easy to join from train station and airport Charles de Gaulle and Orly.  The appartement is next to shops, restaurants, pubs and cinema between mouffetard quartier et gobelins	The flat is in a very quiet area next to 5ar and near all the bistros and restaurants. next to buses and metro, there is a private garden and a private car parking if you need. Very well equiped for families till 7 peoples Big flat in paris 100m2 with garden. Very well located in a quite environnement,10 mn walking from moufffetrad quartier and pantheon, 10 mn by bus to Notre Dame. Very well equiped, wifi, computer, garage, dvd, television.. for families and children Three bedrooms, two bathrooms 7 confortable sleeping places  Near to shops, supermarket,pubs, bistro, metro and buses Very easy to join from train station and airport Charles de Gaulle and Orly.  The appartement is next to shops, restaurants, pubs and cinema between mouffetard quartier et gobelins Big flat very well equiped for families et children, dvd, computer, wifi, toys , book.. The flat is in a very calm area next to the very charming Mouffetard quartier with bistro, pubs and cinema, near to supermarket and vegetable
9799	4ème étage très lumineux	Chambre lit deux places sur rue calme vue sur bibliothèque François Mitterrand dans appartement de 90  m2 4ème étage très lumineux Salle de bain avec douche Quartier Jeanne d'Arc avec de nombreux commerçants (poissonnier, boucher, légumes, plusieurs boulangers, charcutiers, ...) Très proche du MK2 - passerelle à traverser et du nouveau quartier (décathlon, H&m et nombreux restaurants) Ligne 14 - station BFM à 5 min ou Ligne 6 - station Chevaleret à 10 min Accès WI-FI Présente le soir après 19h pour échanges
9800	Il y a un balcon avec une table et chaise pour prendre un cafe. Il y a un douche Italien. Beaucoup de soleil. Si il fait trop chaud il y a la climatiseur ce qui est rare a Paris.	Un beau appartement rénove. Très calme. Tout confort. 5 éme etage avec l'ascenseur. Il y a 2 pieces. Une seule est loyer. Il y a un chat scottish gris LOOF. L'arrêt de bus est au pied de l'immeuble et tramway a 4 min. N'hésite pas a me contacte  Il y a un balcon avec une table et chaise pour prendre un cafe. Il y a un douche Italien. Beaucoup de soleil. Si il fait trop chaud il y a la climatiseur ce qui est rare a Paris. Il y a tout dans le logement, wifi,plaque induction,four,micro-onde,machine a laver,lave vaisselle, 2 machine a cafe, DeLonghi Lattissima Pro etc.. Je peut organise votre séjour a Paris. Pour des frais supplémentaire on peut venir vous cherche a Aéroports ou la Gare. Reserver des billets. Faire du tourisme. Quartier neuf bibliothèque François mitterrand et quartier asiatique porte de Choisy.  T3, bus 27,bus 83,metro ligne 14.
9801	Le logement est un appartement au 3ème étage (sans ascenseur). La fenêtre de votre chambre donne sur un passage très calme. Celles des deux autres pièces donnent sur une cour sans bruit, ni vis à vis.	Je mets à votre disposition une chambre comprenant un grand lit (160 cm). Nous partagerons la salle de bains et la cuisine (avec bar) et une grande pièce qui comprend un bureau et une table à manger. Le logement est un appartement au 3ème étage (sans ascenseur). La fenêtre de votre chambre donne sur un passage très calme. Celles des deux autres pièces donnent sur une cour sans bruit, ni vis à vis. Quartier très sympathique, au cœur du 13ème arrondissement, non loin du quartier asiatique et du village de la Butte aux Cailles. De nombreux petits commerçants et un marché le dimanche matin s'y trouvent. A voir : le parc Montsouris et le village de la Butte aux Cailles. L'appartement se situe non loin du croisement des rues Bobillot et Tolbiac. La station Tolbiac (ligne 7) est la plus proche de l'appartement. La station Place d'Italie (800 m à pied) reçoit les lignes 5, 6 et 7. Attention : les fenêtres de l'appartement ne possèdent pas de volets.
9802	"Duplex loft , completely renovated . This large open space, the different living areas are spread over two levels, is fun to share the daily as well as a couple among friends or family. Very spacious for 2 people, ideal for 4. This apartment is very bright and quiet as it is located on the 4th floor ( no elevator) with double exposure : the bottom two large windows overlooking a courtyard and three Velux illuminate the floor. As soon as the weather permits you can enjoy the sun in the apartement ! It s original architecture with exposed structure made of a mixture of materials ( wooden beams and metal elements ) associated with design objects ""vintage"" year 50/60 decoration, make an unusual and unique place. Downstairs is a very functional kitchen with fridge , dishwasher, hob, large oven, coffee maker, electric cheese sandwich, toaster, juicer and condiments on site. The sitting area with sofa and TV, and the dining room with old wooden floors corner has a very warm atmosphere. A stai"	"Quiet and bright loft 120m2 (55m2 carrez law). Ideal for 4 people. Downstairs: living room of 28 m2, overlooking the courtyard / kitchen. Upstairs: large bedroom / office / home cinema / sdb. Vintage deco design.  Near metro and bus to the centre. Duplex loft , completely renovated . This large open space, the different living areas are spread over two levels, is fun to share the daily as well as a couple among friends or family. Very spacious for 2 people, ideal for 4. This apartment is very bright and quiet as it is located on the 4th floor ( no elevator) with double exposure : the bottom two large windows overlooking a courtyard and three Velux illuminate the floor. As soon as the weather permits you can enjoy the sun in the apartement ! It s original architecture with exposed structure made of a mixture of materials ( wooden beams and metal elements ) associated with design objects ""vintage"" year 50/60 decoration, make an unusual and unique place. Downstairs is a very functional ki"
9803	Square à proximité, nombreux commerces	 Two rooms on the ground bright garden. Through two quiet courtyard.  An adult bedroom with queen bed 160x200 nine.  A child's bedroom / office.  Dining room / kitchen with a washing machine, dishwasher, hob cooking.  All shops within 50metres.  Square opposite. Green spaces. 
9804		Well  located in Paris intra-muros  (2 min' from Olympiades Line 14 - 8' minutes from Place d'Italie, Lines 5, 6, 7). The  74 m² flat is in a 70's building, at the 26th floor (crazy view!). It has recently been refurbished. 
9805	First floor with elevator.	Lovely fully furnished studio 24 m2 in the south of Paris (13th). Quiet and cozy.  Plenty of supermarkets nearby, and metro/bus stop less than 1 minute far from the apartment Hablo español et je parle francais!       First floor with elevator. The apartment has one real bed (two persons) and an air mattress (one person). Internet Tv Kitchen utensils  Bathroom I wont be present during this period of time but I can off course give you tips and advice about Paris.  A lot of supermarkets and restaurants to buy food nevertheless, a calm and safe neighborhood! A shopping center 10min walking, the same for the metro line station 5 and 6 9 (besides of line 7 and 14 1min far from the apartment). Metro station line 7: Maison Blanche Metro station line 14: Olymiades Tram 3a station: Porte d'Italie Bus 47 station: Maison Blanche
9806	Je vis dans cet appartement et donc il y a tout le confort nécessaire pour y passer un bon week-end.	Parfait pour un week-end entre amis pour découvrir Paris. Je propose mon lieu de vie lorsque je parts découvrir d'autres villes en France et en Europe. Bienvenu(e)s chez moi :) 1 chambre pour 2 et un canapé convertible confort pour 2 autres personne Je vis dans cet appartement et donc il y a tout le confort nécessaire pour y passer un bon week-(website hidden), internet... Si mon appartement est disponible, c'est que je ne serai pas présent donc échanges à prévoir par téléphone. Le calme et la proximité du centre ville. Un très bon restaurant qui commence à être réputé sur Paris juste au rez de chaussé de l'immeuble. Métro ligne 6 station Chevaleret ou métro ligne 14 et ligne C Bibliothèque François Miterrand
9807	We have two bedroom, one WC, one kitchen and one bathroom. The place is very quite and cosy. 	We can receive 4 people in your place for a confortable moment in Paris. Near to Italy 2, Place Monge, Austerlitz and very well deserved by a lot of transports (bus, metro, taxi, bicycle stations).
9808	Appartement tout comfort, très bien desservit par les transports (lignes de métro  5, 6 et 7) . 	Immeuble securisé par 2 digicodes. Appartement extérieur de 40m2 qui dispose de 2 pièces séparées: une chambre avec un lit double et un salon.  Cuisine séparée et équipée. Proche de commerces et marchés. Appartement tout comfort, très bien desservit par les transports (lignes de métro  5, 6 et 7) . Accès à tout l'appartement. Quartier vivant et plein de petits restaurants. A côté du quartier de la Butte-aux-Cailles. L'appartement est très bien communiqué avec le centre (lignes 6, 5, 7 du métro et plusiers lignes de bus) . Station vélib en bas de l'immeuble.
9809		Chambre avec vue imprenable sur Paris (Tour Eiffel, La Defense, Montparnasse, les Invalides...). Proche commodités, transports en commun. Chambre claire et lumineuse avec lit 3 places. Wifi et salle de bains à disposition. Salles d'eaux et cuisine pour petit-déjeuner. Le logement donne sur la Place d'italie (quartier chinois) donc beaucoup de restaurants asiatiques.  Proche centre commercial (un des plus grands de Paris sur 3 étages). Commodités et transports en commun à proximité du logement. Tous transports en commun bus lignes (phone number hidden); metro lignes 5,6 et7 et tramway à porte d'iltalie (# place d'italie). Chambre disponible du 20 juillet au 31 juillet 2015. Puis du 07 aout au 30 aout 2015.
9810		Appartement parisien, charme, très fonctionnel, tout équipé, calme et clair, proche centre de Paris, direct des deux aéroports et de toutes les gares, proche de toutes les commodités, parcs (Jardin des Plantes, Luxembourg) et musées.
9811	Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest. You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris on the rooftop! Delightful in summer  and in winter as well ! Off course, my wife and I are pleased to advise you and give you all the assistance you’ll need to make your stay in Paris pleasant. OUR CHECK IN IS 1 pm CHECK IN TIMES CAN BE ARRANGED	Nice room in a full equipped private space for our airbnb's guest: bathroom, kitchen, mini lounge with... the luxury of being able to go to the swimming pool and sauna at the end of you busy tourism day! Brand new on airbnb but we delighted to welcome you at « Place d’Italie », 50m from a very well served subway with 3 lines (5,6,7) and 15 min to “The Louvre Museum”. We live in our modern apartment at the top floor of a building, one of the highest in the center of Paris. We've composed at the floor above an independent flat with your own kitchen, mini lounge, bathroom and two quiet and nice room for ours Airbnb's guest. You can enjoy the incredible view of Paris, all the apartment is quiet and bright. The newly renovated interiors and quality furniture with upscale mattress (because it’s important to sleep well!) will offer you all the comfort you need. Icing on the cake: you can relax in a heated pool and sauna with a panoramic view of Paris on the rooftop! Delightful in summer  and 
9812		Appartement refait à neuf, propre et très pratique. Accès à différents transports à proximité, situation géographique centrale, de nombreux commerces à moins de 50mètres (centre commercial italie 2, la poste, carrefour).
9813	The living room features a large, new foldout couch, very comfortable for relaxing or for use as a bed. An antique wooden trunk with leather details serves as a coffee table. There is a large wooden dining table with four chairs, as well as a television, DVD player, and Wi-Fi access. Two large windows keep the living room (and its plants) well lit all day long. The bedroom includes a double full bed with an elegant wrought-iron headboard. Sheets and a comforter will be provided. Off to one side, you will find an antique wooden secretary desk with leather accents, ideal for finishing off a bit of work. Two windows, hardwood floors, and many houseplants make this a pleasant living space. The kitchen  is entirely equipped with induction burners, a fridge (with freezer), a convection oven, a kettle, a small coffee maker, dishes and cooking supplies (pots, pans, and all of utensils to cook). The bathroom includes a large bathtub, a generous vanity, and automatic ventilation. 2 windows. Towe	Charming three-room apartment of 43m2 in the center of the 13th district of Paris, in the typical and so charming Parisian neighborhood of la Butte aux cailles. Very close to the center (Panthéon, Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes, Sorbonne). The living room features a large, new foldout couch, very comfortable for relaxing or for use as a bed. An antique wooden trunk with leather details serves as a coffee table. There is a large wooden dining table with four chairs, as well as a television, DVD player, and Wi-Fi access. Two large windows keep the living room (and its plants) well lit all day long. The bedroom includes a double full bed with an elegant wrought-iron headboard. Sheets and a comforter will be provided. Off to one side, you will find an antique wooden secretary desk with leather accents, ideal for finishing off a bit of work. Two windows, hardwood floors, and many houseplants make this a pleasant living space. The kitchen  is entirely equipped with induction burners, a fridg
9814		Situé au cœur du quartier chinois, l'appartement est composé de 2 chambres comprenant chacune 1 lit double. Cuisine ouverte sur le salon, salle de bain baignoire, WC séparés. Machine à laver, wifi, tv. Immeuble calme, Tram+ métro 7 et 14 à proximité. Quartier chinois, à 10 minutes du quartier de la butte aux cailles Métro ligne 7 (maison blanche) et 14 (olympiades). Tram t3a (porte d'italie).
9815		Cet appartement parisien peut accueillir 4 à 5 personnes.  Vous avez : Four, micro-onde, télévision, chaîne hifi.. Vous aurez aussi le droit à un balcon très agréable pour dîner ou passer de bons moments.. Il est a 20min du Trocadéro et les champs élysées.
9816	Flat in a 19th century Parisian house, ground floor, fully furnished (double bed, two sofa>one foldable, 2 armchairs, 2 table etc) with a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, ceramic hob, kitchenware...). The flat has been renovated with the help design architect i.e. everything is new (plumbing, electricity, fittings, furniture, just name it!). It measures 30 m² and contains two bedrooms.  It has period charm, flowered area. It is quiet and located in protected areawith a view onto a private garden(street and houses like that are very rare in paris.)  I provide you with bedding too (sheets, towels, eiderdown.)	Flat in a 19th century Parisian house, ground floor, fully furnished (double bed, two sofa>one foldable, 2 armchairs, 2 table etc) with a fully equipped kitchen (fridge, ceramic hob, kitchenware...). The flat has been renovated with the help design architect i.e. everything is new (plumbing, electricity, fittings, furniture, just name it!). It measures 30 m² and contains two bedrooms.  It has period charm, flowered area. It is quiet and located in protected areawith a view onto a private garden(street and houses like that are very rare in paris.)  I provide you with bedding too (sheets, towels, eiderdown.) arrival times are flexible, and I always find a suitable time for both parties. Please let me know know if let me know if you need recommendations for your trip to paris. Laso if you are arriving in Paris from the airport i may pick you up from there. The flat is located in the 13th arrondissement between the metro stations National and Olympiades which means a 10 minute metro ride t
9817	L'appartement est calme (double vitrage) et équipé (Lave-linge, four, frigo. Il n'y a pas de lave vaisselle). Parfait comme pied-à-terre pour découvrir Paris.	Sous-location 15-30 juillet. 6ème sans ascenseur. Deux chambres avec un lit deux personnes et salon pour chaque ( lit Futon ou mezzanine). Une petite cuisine et une petite salle de bain avec douche. Très agréable car traversant et ensoleillé. L'appartement est calme (double vitrage) et équipé (Lave-linge, four, frigo. Il n'y a pas de lave vaisselle). Parfait comme pied-à-terre pour découvrir Paris. L’appartement est entièrement libre. Deux chambres avec un salon. Un lit mezzanine et une chambre lit futon adaptable. Il y a également la possibilité de déplier un canapé lit pour une personne supplémentaire. Un ami pourra apporter de l'aide et sa connaissance de Paris à tout moment. L'appartement est situé entre le quartier chinois, le nouveau quartier moderne du 13ème et la seine (10 min à pied). De la fenêtre de la cuisine, on peut voir la bibliothèque nationale de France et depuis celle d'une des chambres, le Panthéon. L'appartement se situe à 5min du métro BNF, Nationale et Olympiade. 
9818	High standards flat Full equiped Downtown Close to main train stations (Gare Montparnasse, Gare d'Austerlitz, Gare Saint Lazare, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est) and Airoport (Orly)	High standards flat Full equiped Downtown Close to main train stations (Gare Montparnasse, Gare d'Austerlitz, Gare Saint Lazare, Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est) and Airoport (Orly)
9819		Appt à 5min du quartier chinois, Metro olympiade, accès à la cuisine et salon,salle de bain,internet. Metro olympiades et nationale ou bus 62
9820		Idéalement situé dans le 5e arrondissement, petit appartement coloré refait par une décoratrice de trois pièces (deux chambres et un salon). J'occupe une des deux chambres. Très bien situé: à 50m de la rue Mouffetard et à 150m de la rue Monge. Les voyageurs auront accès à leur chambre (un vrai lit simple et un lit gigogn permettant le couchage plus sommaire d'une deuxième personne), à la salle de bain, à la cuisine et au salon. Accès Wifi et lave linge. Je serai ravie de leur conseiller de bonnes adresses. En plein 5e, à quelques centaines de mètre du village Monge et de la rue Mouffetard, ou encore du Panthéon, de la rue Tournefort. Quartier vivant et historique de Paris, central pour les lieux touristiques (Jardin des Plantes, quartier latin Luxembourg, Notre Dame). Métro Censier-Daubenton ou les Gobelins. Bus: Port-Royal Bethollet/ Monge-Claude Bernard/ Les Gobelins. Lignes (phone number hidden).
9821	We can receive two people in your place. We  sleep in our sofa bed in a private room.  Don't worry for yours suitcases : we give you towels and sheets.  If you want you can use the kitchen and all kitchen ustensils.  	We can receive two people in your place. We  sleep in our sofa bed in a private room.  Don't worry for yours suitcases : we give you towels and sheets.  If you want you can use the kitchen and all kitchen ustensils.   You can use all the apartment.  You have your private room.  We share the kitchen, WC and bathroom. To access at the bathroom, we need to cross our bedroom. Free wifi, TV are available too with Netflix. If you need you can use the washer.  We can discuss by what's app, Facebook, email... We are presents in the apartment but we work all the day ! We are very quiet and friendly :) ! You can use the apartment at your convenience even if we are there ! The apartment is very quiet and the quarter dynamic ! We're at 10 minutes by step of the place Monge, a romantic place to diner or take a drink.  A lot of commerces are presents in the quarter, precisely with the famous place : Italy 2 (10 minutes by step).  We are near to the Manufacture des Gobelins, the Museum of Jardin des 
9822	Très bien desservi mais au calme.	Paris 13 - Glacière- Butte aux Cailles - appartement 5 pièces 86 m2 : salon, 4 chambres, cuisine équipée, salle de bains, 2 balcons fleuris -tout équipé : lave linge, internet. Très calme et confortable. Très bien desservi mais au calme. Metro ligne 6 glacière  Bus 21
9823	"Enjoy the beauty of Paris from the awakening in this two bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris! An ideal location on the ""Rive Gauche"", a pleasant living environment and a breathtaking view of the ""Jardin des plantes"" (Botanical Garden) and the main monuments of the city. The apartment is less than 10 minutes walk from the Pantheon, the Latin Quarter, the Seine, the Bastille, ... At the end of the street you will find  The Mosque of Paris, the district Monge, Rue Mouffetard, Place de la Contrescarpe ... A  peaceful place yet really close to the main animated streets. You will inevitably find your balance! Public transport (metro, bus, RER, Velib) are 50m away. description: The apartment is newly renovated and furnished in a sober way, with a decoration on the theme of travel. It is composed of an entrance hall with a large closet. The entrance leads into the kitchen and living room. The Equipped kitchen has a table and two benches, refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee machin"	"Enjoy your stay in Paris in the perfect location, between Bastille, Pantheon and the Quai de Seine! Apartment with 1 room, a living room, kitchen, bathroom with bath, and toilets. And an amazing balcony with beautiful view on Jardin Des Plantes.  Enjoy the beauty of Paris from the awakening in this two bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris! An ideal location on the ""Rive Gauche"", a pleasant living environment and a breathtaking view of the ""Jardin des plantes"" (Botanical Garden) and the main monuments of the city. The apartment is less than 10 minutes walk from the Pantheon, the Latin Quarter, the Seine, the Bastille, ... At the end of the street you will find  The Mosque of Paris, the district Monge, Rue Mouffetard, Place de la Contrescarpe ... A  peaceful place yet really close to the main animated streets. You will inevitably find your balance! Public transport (metro, bus, RER, Velib) are 50m away. description: The apartment is newly renovated and furnished in a sober way, with a"
9824	This big one bedroom apartment is located on the 22nd floor of a luxury building , very secure , with caretaker and lift. You have access to the indoor heated swimming pool (13 meters) and the gym in the building , on the 24th floor with the same panoramic view of Paris . The apartment has a long angle balcony of 25 meters x 2, with the most breathtaking panoramic view of Paris , all monuments are at your feet ! The Eiffel Tower, the Montparnasse Tower, the Pantheon, Arc de Triomphe , the Sacré Coeur , the Pompidou Centre ... and much more ! On the terrace there is a table, chairs and a chaise longue . Very bright living room of 45 m2 in a colorful atmosphere and Asian décor . The lounge is equipped with a flat screen TV 127 cm, internet connection, Blue- Ray DVD player, a large DVD collection. Then there is a corridor leading to the bedroom with a queen size bed (there is also a beautiful view and access to the balcony), a dressing room and a bathroom with bathtub. The kitchen is equi	This big one bedroom apartment is located on the 22nd floor of a luxury building , very secure , with caretaker and lift. You have access to the indoor heated swimming pool (13 meters) and the gym in the building with the same panoramic view This big one bedroom apartment is located on the 22nd floor of a luxury building , very secure , with caretaker and lift. You have access to the indoor heated swimming pool (13 meters) and the gym in the building , on the 24th floor with the same panoramic view of Paris . The apartment has a long angle balcony of 25 meters x 2, with the most breathtaking panoramic view of Paris , all monuments are at your feet ! The Eiffel Tower, the Montparnasse Tower, the Pantheon, Arc de Triomphe , the Sacré Coeur , the Pompidou Centre ... and much more ! On the terrace there is a table, chairs and a chaise longue . Very bright living room of 45 m2 in a colorful atmosphere and Asian décor . The lounge is equipped with a flat screen TV 127 cm, internet connection
9825		Very nice & cozy full-furnished apartment (33m²)  that contains a double comfortable bed in a separate private room and a convertible sofa (for 2) . The apartment is situated near Place d’Italie, 15 minutes away from Chatelet, Marais, Louvres, etc. 
9826	This room is inside a very cozy apartment in one of the best quartier in Paris.  Very close to the most important metro lines (6,7 and 14) and easy to get in every part of the city.  There are supermarket near by with all you need. The apartment is fully furnished for cooking and a very cozy shower with a separate room for the toilet.  The apartment has also it's own balcony (first floor) very silent and complete with blinds, a big TV and a big wardrobe.  There is just one other room in the apartment taken from a friend of mine very calm and quite.  Kitchen is fully furnished with microwave, fridge, oven, dish washer etc.	This room is inside a very cozy apartment in one of the best quartier in Paris.  Very close to the most important metro lines (6,7 and 14) and easy to get in every part of the city. There are supermarket near by with all you need. The apartment is This room is inside a very cozy apartment in one of the best quartier in Paris.  Very close to the most important metro lines (6,7 and 14) and easy to get in every part of the city.  There are supermarket near by with all you need. The apartment is fully furnished for cooking and a very cozy shower with a separate room for the toilet.  The apartment has also it's own balcony (first floor) very silent and complete with blinds, a big TV and a big wardrobe.  There is just one other room in the apartment taken from a friend of mine very calm and quite.  Kitchen is fully furnished with microwave, fridge, oven, dish washer etc. I will not be in Paris during your stay but a friend of my will help you. There is all nearby stations: Gare de Lyon, Gare
9827	L'appartement est dans une résidence paisible. Côté rue, la très faible circulation de voitures permet de passer d'agréables moments de détente ou bien de prendre ses repas sur le balcon ensoleillé. Côté jardin, c'est la campagne parisienne!	L'appartement est dans une résidence paisible. Côté rue, la très faible circulation de voitures permet de passer d'agréables moments de détente ou bien de prendre ses repas sur le balcon ensoleillé. Côté jardin, c'est la campagne parisienne! Vous pourrez disposer de toutes les installations de la maison, préparer vos repas dans la cuisine et y manger si vous le souhaitez... Connexion Internet par Wifi (apportez votre ordinateur) Commerces, restaurants, pharmacie, piscine, location de vélos  dans la rue. Le quartier est calme de jour comme de nuit. Il est aussi très bien desservi par les transports en commun qui donnent un rapide accès au centre de Paris. 2 lignes de métro la n° 6 (Nation Etoile) station Chevaleret ou Nationale et la ligne n° 14 station Bibliothèque François Mitterrand. Le bus n° 27 passe par Saint Michel, le Louvre... Les relations avec les voisins sont sympathiques. Elles se sont construites dans un respect mutuel. Nous faisons tous attention au bruit. Caution 300€ en
9828	Logement très bien situé dans Paris, à 30 metres du metro Glacière, avec supermarchés et autres facilités à proximité	Logement au coeur d'un des quartiers les plus intéressants de Paris. Logement très bien situé dans Paris, à 30 metres du metro Glacière, avec supermarchés et autres facilités à proximité Internet Lave-linge & sèche-linge Ordinateur Calme, dynamique, à proximité des principales gares parisiennes Métro ligne 6, arrêt Glacière
9829	Studio neuf, parfaitement fonctionnel pour deux personnes pour un séjour touristique ou professionnel. La terrasse vous permettra de vous détendre ou de déjeuner entouré de verdure. 	Lignes de métro accessibles: - ligne 5: République à 30 min - ligne 6: Champs-Elysées à 35 min - ligne 7: Louvre à 25 min, Opéra à 30 min Le RER B est accessible à la station Denfert-Rochereau (métro ligne 6) à 15 min, donne accès aux aéroports Roissy CDG et Orly. Lignes de bus proches: - ligne 21: rejoint la gare Saint-Lazare - ligne 57: rejoint les gares de Lyon et d'Austerlitz - ligne 91: rejoint la gare de Montparnasse Pas d'emplacement de voiture attitré mais stationnement relativement aisé dans le quartier.
9830		Small but cosy studio at 10min away from Jardin des plantes. The studio has one room with a kitchen, the bed on a mezzanine, a lot of books, television, a bathroom and a charming view on the inner courtyard.
9831		Avec une vue imprenable sur le cimitière du père-la-chaise depuis le balcon, profitez d'un chaleureux appartement Haussmannien avec moulures au plafond et parquet ancien à proximité du jardin des plantes. Métro ligne 5 à portée de main.
9832	proximité commerce commercial ITALIE 2 ,OKABE,parcs Montsouris et kellermann,piscines butte auX cailles,toutes commodités, 	proximité commerce commercial ITALIE 2 ,OKABE,parcs Montsouris et kellermann,piscines butte auX cailles,toutes commodités, quartier résidentiel calme et tranquille
9833	L'appartement est lumineux et convivial proche de la Butte aux Cailles et du parc Montsouris. Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes (6 en rajoutant un matelas). La cuisine est entièrement équipée (Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, plaque induction, etc…). Nous disposons également d'une machine à glaçons pour l'été.	L'appartement est lumineux et convivial proche de la Butte aux Cailles et du parc Montsouris. L'appartement est lumineux et convivial proche de la Butte aux Cailles et du parc Montsouris. Nous pouvons accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes (6 en rajoutant un matelas). La cuisine est entièrement équipée (Nespresso, lave-vaisselle, plaque induction, etc…). Nous disposons également d'une machine à glaçons pour l'été. Vous aurez accès au wifi et à la télévision par internet. Fibre optique installée depuis décembre 2014. Nous ne serons a priori pas là pendant votre séjour mais nous serons joignables par téléphone. La gardienne de l'immeuble que nous connaissons bien est à votre disposition pour que votre séjour se passe bien.  Tous les commerces sont en bas de l'immeuble. Un marché d'alimentation se tient tous les mercredis et samedis sur la petite place en face (cf photo vue du marché) Le parc Montsouris, à 5min à pied, comporte de nombreux jeux pour enfants et est idéal pour pique-niquer entre am
9834	Lovely small studio in a renovated historical building (partly from 1650). It is very quiet with a large window on a sunny quiet courtyard. Yet it is only 100 m away from the metro station and 3 different bus stops. 5 minutes walking from the quarter Latin and the busy Mouffetard market. Bakery, food stores, restaurants are all right next. The studio consists of one room with a comfortable sofa double bed and double bed on mezzanine, equipped with a desk, small table, closet, shelves,... kitchenette with refrigerator, induction plates, equipped with dishes, pots, pans,... bathroom with shower, toilet and window total size : 10 m2 + 4 m2 (mezzanine)	Fully equipped small studio (10 m2 + mezzanine) on second floor of historical building in the heart of Paris, quartier Latin, very close to metro Gobelins and market Mouffetard. Large window on quiet, sunny and beautiful courtyard. No smoking. Lovely small studio in a renovated historical building (partly from 1650). It is very quiet with a large window on a sunny quiet courtyard. Yet it is only 100 m away from the metro station and 3 different bus stops. 5 minutes walking from the quarter Latin and the busy Mouffetard market. Bakery, food stores, restaurants are all right next. The studio consists of one room with a comfortable sofa double bed and double bed on mezzanine, equipped with a desk, small table, closet, shelves,... kitchenette with refrigerator, induction plates, equipped with dishes, pots, pans,... bathroom with shower, toilet and window total size : 10 m2 + 4 m2 (mezzanine) Free internet / wifi / free local telephone I will welcome you and will be glad to give you advice 
9835	Beautiful studio, sleeps 4. A small courtyard. Complete equipment. Access ground floor. 	Studio for 2-4 people in the Latin Quarter. Near the Pantheon, Rue Mouffetard, the Jardin du Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes. Many amenities. Rent from three days to one month. Beautiful studio, sleeps 4. A small courtyard. Complete equipment. Access ground floor. Full studio near restaurants and commerce. Many transports. Check 15 pm , departure 11 am. By phone or mail. Il can meet et the gués. Very quiet place Bus 91 from gare de Lyon and gare Montparnasse. Airports by RER (train), station Port Royal. Métro : line 7 , les Gobelins. Possible access for disabled persons
9836	la hauteur et la vue sur paris 	"Appartement de 93 m2  Situe au 29 eme etages  ( vue imprenable sur Paris tour eiffel , montparnasse , sacrée coeur etc ) Quartier du 13 em arrondissement  metro ""porte de  choisy et tram ""porte de choisy"" en bas de la maison   la hauteur et la vue sur paris  "
9837	my lovely studio is in centre of Paris. The flat has a mezzanine double bed and below sofa-bed (for 2 ) The guest will be allowed to use everything in my flat, including everything in the kitchen, restroom, and bedroom. Sixth floor without elevator The flat is equipped with a  washing machine  Hair dryer  and wi-fi access  The linen is included (Sheets, towels etc…) 2 mins walk from the Metro St. Paul,Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles. I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world.	my lovely studio is in centre of Paris. The flat has a mezzanine double bed and below sofa-bed (for 2 ) The guest will be allowed to use everything in my flat, including everything in the kitchen, restroom, and bedroom. Sixth floor without elevator The flat is equipped with a  washing machine  Hair dryer  and wi-fi access  The linen is included (Sheets, towels etc…) 2 mins walk from the Metro St. Paul,Near Metro stations Hôtel de Ville (line 1 and 11), Pont Marie (line 7), Châtelet-les-Halles. I will be happy to welcome you in my flat and provide any required information, as well as tips to make your stay unforgettable in one the capitals of the world.
9838	The apartment is not very big but it is very functional. It provides: - A mezzanine single bed >  - A  comfortable sofa bed for 2 - A small separate kitchenette - A bathroom / WC with shower Quiet apartment on the 4th floor (no elevator) overlooking a courtyard. Building with a digital lock. There are many shops around (bakery, supermarket, greengrocer, butcher, grocer, tobacconist ...) 	Very functional studio in the heart of the 13th district. Metro close by. Shops nearby. The apartment is not very big but it is very functional. It provides: - A mezzanine single bed >  - A  comfortable sofa bed for 2 - A small separate kitchenette - A bathroom / WC with shower Quiet apartment on the 4th floor (no elevator) overlooking a courtyard. Building with a digital lock. There are many shops around (bakery, supermarket, greengrocer, butcher, grocer, tobacconist ...) Need tips and advice for exploring Paris? I will be happy to help you prepare for your visit! Known as the Asian district of Paris, the 13th district holds many more surprises. Let yourself be tempted by the Butte-aux-Cailles area where you can enjoy an excellent couscous at «Chez Mamane» or a huge salad at «Chez Gladines». For lovers of arts and culture, find the amazing National Library of France, the city of fashion and design or old fridges from Paris transformed into artists' studios (all less than 15 minutes wa
9839		Studio de 33 m² dans le quartier de la Butte aux Cailles. Appartement atypique, haut de plafond, avec une vraie mezzanine et un lit king size. La déco est assez personnelle mais c'est ce qui fait le charme du lieu.
9840	"Studio : 2 - 3 people - 1 bedroom - 279 ft² Number of rooms:  1 Bedroom 1 separate kitchen 1 Bathroom 1 separate toilet Bedding: 1 double bed or 2 single beds...  more 1 camp bed Best points about the property: "" In a recent  buiding, no charges of electricity. Studio apartment for 2 people. Or 3 people maximum when we open the armchair bed. Ideally located along the Seine Paris XIII (Rive Gauche). This big studio flat is located at ground floor with the entrance from the 1st floor of a recent luxury building with modern elevator and access code. Metro, Quai de la Gare about 100 m. The seine river can be reached on foot. In the surrounding streets are the restaurants and shops. Scholars can reach National Library""F. Mitterrand "" by foot. The studio contains a fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, stove, microwave and kitchen equipment with a table to take your meals. A comfortable bedroom with a window on animated street and trees. 2 person separable beds, or 1 doble bed as you wan"	"Very comfortable apartment with romantic decoration and all equipment for your stay.  Studio : 2 - 3 people - 1 bedroom - 279 ft² Number of rooms:  1 Bedroom 1 separate kitchen 1 Bathroom 1 separate toilet Bedding: 1 double bed or 2 single beds...  more 1 camp bed Best points about the property: "" In a recent  buiding, no charges of electricity. Studio apartment for 2 people. Or 3 people maximum when we open the armchair bed. Ideally located along the Seine Paris XIII (Rive Gauche). This big studio flat is located at ground floor with the entrance from the 1st floor of a recent luxury building with modern elevator and access code. Metro, Quai de la Gare about 100 m. The seine river can be reached on foot. In the surrounding streets are the restaurants and shops. Scholars can reach National Library""F. Mitterrand "" by foot. The studio contains a fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, stove, microwave and kitchen equipment with a table to take your meals. A comfortable bedroom with a w"
9841	Quiet & clear view . Only avalaible this summer, feet for a familly,  9th floor  315Ft2 . wild open on a balcony,  180° view of Paris (north east so fresh in summer), right near park Montsouris, fully equiped kitchen & for kids, street-art prints'collector , 3 rooms, 5 beds, High speed fiber internet acces and Wifi, 1 parking space within the bulding at level -3. (2 elevators).  No stair from ground as well as from the parking so perfect for young kids and disabled ...	9th floor, 315Ft2 Clear light, Quiet, 65Ft2 balcony,  View of Paris, Safe area right near park Montsouris, fully equiped , décoration : street-art ,RoomA: double bed,RoomB&C: 2 beds. 1 parking space within the bulding.  sheets cover towel English ... Quiet & clear view . Only avalaible this summer, feet for a familly,  9th floor  315Ft2 . wild open on a balcony,  180° view of Paris (north east so fresh in summer), right near park Montsouris, fully equiped kitchen & for kids, street-art prints'collector , 3 rooms, 5 beds, High speed fiber internet acces and Wifi, 1 parking space within the bulding at level -3. (2 elevators).  No stair from ground as well as from the parking so perfect for young kids and disabled ... 5 min walk from Cité Universitaire Station métro RER: 20 min: Châtelet-Les Halles Saint Germain 30 min: Aéroport Orly,Gare de Lyon, Gare du Nord 50 min: Aéroport Roissy CDG The english speaker housekeeper know very well the appartment (10 years) and will help you during your
9842	In a 24/24 secured square, closed at night (22h-6h), digicode secured building, flat at 0 level,  high ceilings, composed of a very large dinning/living room (40 square meters) with a american kitchen, plus two bedrooms. All large beds (queen size) are on mezzanine, and there is an additional sofa bed in one of the bedrooms. One bedroom has a private bathroom. There is a bathroom with shower and a separate water-closed. 	"Loft with 2 bedrooms, a large an friendly living/dining room with american kitchen. 3 large beds and a large sofa-bed in one bedroom. All beds on mezzanine except the sofa bed. Quiet place with lots of shops. Night watchman/Concierge/Free park/WIFI In a 24/24 secured square, closed at night (22h-6h), digicode secured building, flat at 0 level,  high ceilings, composed of a very large dinning/living room (40 square meters) with a american kitchen, plus two bedrooms. All large beds (queen size) are on mezzanine, and there is an additional sofa bed in one of the bedrooms. One bedroom has a private bathroom. There is a bathroom with shower and a separate water-closed. Fully integrated and well equiped kitchen Toaster, microwave, kettle, coffee machine,... Dishwasher / Waching machine / Tumble-dryer TV + Internet + Wifi Easy contact by phone or e-mail Very quiet neighbourhood. Lots of shops (every kind) and supermarkets nearby. Restaurants, cinemas, etc. very close. A lot of ""Cafés/Brasseri"
9843	Pleasant furnished large 1 bedroom 42m2, Paris-13, in Bercy Area, close Tolbiac-Bibliotheque Mitterand. Located on Groundfloor, clear and Quiet, nested in a Quiet and Pleasant green courtyard.	Pleasant furnished large 1 bedroom 42m2, Paris-13, Tolbiac-Bibliotheque Mitterand. Located on Groundfloor, clear and Quiet Pleasant furnished large 1 bedroom 42m2, Paris-13, in Bercy Area, close Tolbiac-Bibliotheque Mitterand. Located on Groundfloor, clear and Quiet, nested in a Quiet and Pleasant green courtyard. Metro / RER / Bus Bibliotheque Francois Mitterand Easy accès to airports & Paris main spots 
9844	"At the heart of Paris, in the pittoresque area called ""La Butte aux Cailles"", a few meters from the subway, this quiet and sunny house offers you a refined decoration and a beautiful terasse-garden. It is located in the ""Small Russia"", a village built in the 20's by ""white Russians"" on the roof of a huge garage, away from the city noise. The house is full of light, thanks to its numerous windows oriented to the south. You will access through a flowered garden-terasse . And its trees and plants stay green all year long : bambous, olive tree, pine... The refined decoration mixes family antics, vintage furnitures and contemporary design. All equipments are here : WI FI, washing machines (dishes and laundry), Nespresso coffee machine, rice and steam cooker, toaster, and cooking furnitures. Ground floor : lobby, living and dining room, kitchen, toilets First floor : Two rooms (160 CM and 140 cm beds), bath room. The area is very pleasant : restaurants, bars, shops and the major parisian sit"	"At the heart of Paris, in the pittoresque area called ""La Butte aux Cailles"", a few meters from the subway, this quiet and sunny house offers you a refined decoration and a beautiful terasse-garden. It is located in the ""Small Russia"", a village built in the 20's by ""white Russians"" on the roof of a huge garage, away from the city noise. The house is full of light, thanks to its numerous windows oriented to the south. You will access through a flowered garden-terasse . And its trees and plants stay green all year long : bambous, olive tree, pine... The refined decoration mixes family antics, vintage furnitures and contemporary design. All equipments are here : WI FI, washing machines (dishes and laundry), Nespresso coffee machine, rice and steam cooker, toaster, and cooking furnitures. Ground floor : lobby, living and dining room, kitchen, toilets First floor : Two rooms (160 CM and 140 cm beds), bath room. The area is very pleasant : restaurants, bars, shops and the major parisian sit"
9845	A very nice 90 sq meters 4 rooms flat is waiting for you to occupy it. It has a very spacious living room with an extra 1 persons sleeping couch and a very convenient and fully equipped kitchen. The 3 bedrooms are quiet and nice.	"Our flat is in a very quiet and pleasant neighborhood near many of the most attractive places in Paris. Ideally located near ""Le Quartier Latin"", our place is perfect for sightseeing and a discovering journey in Paris. A very nice 90 sq meters 4 rooms flat is waiting for you to occupy it. It has a very spacious living room with an extra 1 persons sleeping couch and a very convenient and fully equipped kitchen. The 3 bedrooms are quiet and nice. You'll have access to the entire flat: 3 bedrooms, 1 very spacious living room, the kitchen fully equipped (dishwasher, washing machine, oven, micro-wave, hot plate) and the bathroom. I'll be reachable at all times and will commit to make your stay unbelievable. Public transports: RER B (Orly and CDG airports, Gare du Nord) Metro line 6 (Tour Eiffel, Arc de Triomphe etc) Buses 83 & 21 (to get to the historic places within 5 minutes)"
9846	L'appartement est situé dans une rue résidentielle très calme, au 2e étage d'un petit immeuble parisien, sans ascenseur. Dans un quartier agréable et paisible, il est à deux pas des restaurants, commerçants et transports (métro, bus, vélib), proche des Gobelins, de la rue Mouffetard, du Jardin des Plantes, de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, du quartier latin et des quais de Seine.  L'appartement est très lumineux grâce à ses nombreuses fenêtres et sa double exposition. Entièrement refait à neuf en 2015, vous serez séduit par ses matériaux de qualité et son design sobre et moderne.  Il se compose :  • d'un grand séjour de 30 m2 ouvert sur la cuisine, comportant un canapé-lit, une TV, une chaîne Hi-Fi, un coin repas avec table pour 6 personnes, • une cuisine équipée (plaques, four, lave-vaisselle, réfrigérateur, lave-linge, Nespresso),  • une chambre principale de 11m2 avec un lit de 160, • une seconde chambre de 9m2 avec un lit de 140,  • un WC spacieux indépendant, • une SdB lumineuse avec b	Très bel appartement typique parisien, lumineux, dans une rue calme, entièrement refait à neuf, comprenant  un grand séjour ouvert sur la cuisine, 2 chambres, un WC spacieux indépendant et une SdB avec baignoire. L'appartement est situé dans une rue résidentielle très calme, au 2e étage d'un petit immeuble parisien, sans ascenseur. Dans un quartier agréable et paisible, il est à deux pas des restaurants, commerçants et transports (métro, bus, vélib), proche des Gobelins, de la rue Mouffetard, du Jardin des Plantes, de la cathédrale Notre-Dame, du quartier latin et des quais de Seine.  L'appartement est très lumineux grâce à ses nombreuses fenêtres et sa double exposition. Entièrement refait à neuf en 2015, vous serez séduit par ses matériaux de qualité et son design sobre et moderne.  Il se compose :  • d'un grand séjour de 30 m2 ouvert sur la cuisine, comportant un canapé-lit, une TV, une chaîne Hi-Fi, un coin repas avec table pour 6 personnes, • une cuisine équipée (plaques, four, la
9847	Je vis avec deux colocataires, charmants et qui seront à votre écoute pour tout renseignements	Bonjour, Je sous-loue une chambre de 14 m2, dans une charmante colocation (55m2) du 13e arrondissement de Paris. La chambre est lumineuse, avec moulures et cheminée.  L'appartement dispose d'une cuisine équipée, Wifi et machine à laver. Je vis avec deux colocataires, charmants et qui seront à votre écoute pour tout renseignements Je reste à votre disposition pour tout renseignements. Quartier chinois  Buttes aux cailles Ligne du métro : 5/6/7 4 lignes de bus
9848	My studio has all the functionalities in a same well organized space of 14 square meters,  Ground floor: one bed ( + 1 mattress), Kitchenette Bathrooms: Bathroom with separated shower and Internet :  Free WiFi.  Very safe building closed with a key magnet.  Very calm & pleasant. Hope you'll enjoy.  	"This one-room cosy studio (14m2= 151 sqft) is 200m from La Butte aux cailles, famous bars street. 3 metro lines and 3 bus lines in a 2 min walk. WIFI. Street art district. Asian restaurants. Modern architecture.  My studio has all the functionalities in a same well organized space of 14 square meters,  Ground floor: one bed ( + 1 mattress), Kitchenette Bathrooms: Bathroom with separated shower and Internet :  Free WiFi.  Very safe building closed with a key magnet.  Very calm & pleasant. Hope you'll enjoy.  The whole studio is accessible  I will be there for the check-in and stay in contact during your whole stay. Located in the 13 arrondissement, this district is well known for it street art (many galleries and independent artists),  it also have many Asian restaurants ( Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamien) and shops ( Mall Italie 2). Many cinemas. Ideally situated near the center of the city and at 2 minutes walking from la ""Butte aux Cailles"" ( street of bars) and deserved by 3 bus "
9849	Studio with a whole kitchen equipment, dressing, small balcony, bathroom.	Flat entirely at the disposal of the guests, with a whole kitchen equipement (hot plates, fridge, cookware). Close to the subway line 14 and the RER C, with access to Louvre, Garnier Opéra, Notre Dame, Orsay Museum, the Eiffel Tower and Versailles. Studio with a whole kitchen equipment, dressing, small balcony, bathroom. The guests have an entire disposal of the flat, and can also have access to a Paris guide and map, as well as an access to the coffee machine (unlimited amount of coffee pods). The host can come pick the guests from the closest subway station to the studio. In the neighbourhood: China Town, MK2 cinema, Seine quays, the Bibliothèque Nationale François Mitterand and a lot of cafés and restaurants. Access to a supermarket at the bottom of the building. Access by the subway line 14 and by the RER C, Bibliothèque François Mitterand stop.
9850	Ideal to discover Paris, with family, with friends or with love. Luxury apartment situated in a tourist area. I rent my apartment, two bedroom furnished apartment of 45m2 (square meter), with elevator. The apartment is very nice: you have a room and a very large living room with antique parquet, in which there is a comfortable sofa bed if you are more than two. The bathroom is composed of a large bathtub with a washing machine! Toilet are separated. You have a beautiful almost new kitchen with dishwasher, oven, coffee maker and all kitchen utensils you can dream! Bed sheets and towels are provided free of course. Overall, the apartment is very quiet and very bright (bay windows in the living room and bedroom). Do not hesitate, we will be happy to accommodate you at home !	"Sublime ""pied-a-terre"" in perfect condition of 45 sqm exceptional in the Gobelins / Italy Place, 100m subway (line 5 - 6 - 7), not overlooked, first raised floor building in 1960 with kitchen equipped for 4 people. ★ Live like Parisan ! ★ Ideal to discover Paris, with family, with friends or with love. Luxury apartment situated in a tourist area. I rent my apartment, two bedroom furnished apartment of 45m2 (square meter), with elevator. The apartment is very nice: you have a room and a very large living room with antique parquet, in which there is a comfortable sofa bed if you are more than two. The bathroom is composed of a large bathtub with a washing machine! Toilet are separated. You have a beautiful almost new kitchen with dishwasher, oven, coffee maker and all kitchen utensils you can dream! Bed sheets and towels are provided free of course. Overall, the apartment is very quiet and very bright (bay windows in the living room and bedroom). Do not hesitate, we will be happy to acco"
9851	Almost unbelievable but this building is from the 16th century, so it is very charming and situated in a quiet, small street. With 30m2, ( 323 sqft), a big cosy double bed, a kitchen (fully equipped), a fold out dining table, a corner with armchairs, and a bathroom. Plenty of light in the whole apartment! The price is all inclusive (wireless internet, towels, bed sheets, final cleaning, heating and electricity) The studio is situated in the 5th floor without elevator, the house is about 400years old, so that is not surprising :) If there is anything else you´d like to know, please get in touch. Kind regards  Justin 	Welcome to a cozy parisian studio in the 13th district,  close to the 5th. It is perfect for one person or a couple who want to spent a little more time in Paris, living an authentic Parisian lifestyle for a while. Almost unbelievable but this building is from the 16th century, so it is very charming and situated in a quiet, small street. With 30m2, ( 323 sqft), a big cosy double bed, a kitchen (fully equipped), a fold out dining table, a corner with armchairs, and a bathroom. Plenty of light in the whole apartment! The price is all inclusive (wireless internet, towels, bed sheets, final cleaning, heating and electricity) The studio is situated in the 5th floor without elevator, the house is about 400years old, so that is not surprising :) If there is anything else you´d like to know, please get in touch. Kind regards  Justin  Next to the apartment there is a self service laundry, a bakery, a supermarket, a butcher shop, and organic supermarket etc. It is at 10 minutes walk to the famo
9852		Bel appartement avec grand balcon au 6ème étage d'un immeuble haussmannien Ascenseur. Jolie vue sur les toits parisiens.../ Apartment with character on the 6th floor with lift of a beautiful Haussmann building. great view over the rooftops of Paris 
9853	"Magnificent 2 rooms apartment (45 m2) with  terrace flowery, giving on the ""Jardin des gobelins"" parc. Street very quiet near Latin Quarter (square Saint-Médard).  Ideal for a couple, a couple with childrens,a family, a group of friends. Living-room and bed-room, separated kitchen and toilets, bathroom with a bath. Two double-sofa-beds, one bed for a child (70x160), one double inflatable bed . Washing machines for dishes and laundry. Internet wifi. 1st floot, elevator. Towels, sheets, soap, shower gel, shampoo, salt and pepper.  Very nice authentic French quarter, market with fresh products, restaurants, bakeries, shops , cinemas, museums. Ten minutes walking to ""Rue Mouffetard"" in Latin Quarter (with a charming market on the sunday morning).   Five gardens at 20 minutes walking (""Arènes de Lutèce"", ""Jardin des Plantes"" with a little zoo,  ""Jardin du Luxembourg"", ""Parc Monstouris"")  I’ll be happy to welcome you! "	"Magnificent 2 rooms 45 m2 apartment with terrace flowery, giving on the parc. Very calm. Comfortable, well connected, central, near Latin Quarter. Internet Wifi.  All included. Magnificent 2 rooms apartment (45 m2) with  terrace flowery, giving on the ""Jardin des gobelins"" parc. Street very quiet near Latin Quarter (square Saint-Médard).  Ideal for a couple, a couple with childrens,a family, a group of friends. Living-room and bed-room, separated kitchen and toilets, bathroom with a bath. Two double-sofa-beds, one bed for a child (70x160), one double inflatable bed . Washing machines for dishes and laundry. Internet wifi. 1st floot, elevator. Towels, sheets, soap, shower gel, shampoo, salt and pepper.  Very nice authentic French quarter, market with fresh products, restaurants, bakeries, shops , cinemas, museums. Ten minutes walking to ""Rue Mouffetard"" in Latin Quarter (with a charming market on the sunday morning).   Five gardens at 20 minutes walking (""Arènes de Lutèce"", ""Jardin des "
9854		L'appartement fait 40m2 et comporte 2 pièces, 1 chambre et 1 cuisine. Il se situe au 5ème étage sans ascenseur à la sortie du métro Olympiades. Le propriétaire est en voyage donc quelques affaires restent dans l'appartement. Toute Une personne en charge de l'appartement sera présente sur Paris en permanence Métro Olympiades L14 au pied de l'immeuble, Métro Nationale L6 à 2 mn à pieds, station de vélib en bas de l'immeuble
9855	The view from the flat is unique. The wall between the main bedroom and the living room has been opened (55m2) so that the view can be seen from different angles. At night, a heavy curtain can be drowned. A very convenient kitchen is hidden behind a wall. The second room fits two single beds. We are at Place d'Italie, 10mn metro away from the center of Paris. Place d'Italie is a stop on 3 metro lines and 5 bus lines. We are located next to the rue Bobillot area full of bars and restaurants, 800 m away from Place Monge, a typical parisian square with it's cafés, flower shop, XVIII century church and markets, and on the opposite side, not far from the chinese corner, its' Pho soup restaurants and nooddle bars.  I only rent my flat when I'm out of Paris so I have a friend who takes care of everything and who is available to give a hand if needed.	67 m2, 2 rooms flat on the 29th floor overlooking all Paris and its monuments.  The view from the flat is unique. The wall between the main bedroom and the living room has been opened (55m2) so that the view can be seen from different angles. At night, a heavy curtain can be drowned. A very convenient kitchen is hidden behind a wall. The second room fits two single beds. We are at Place d'Italie, 10mn metro away from the center of Paris. Place d'Italie is a stop on 3 metro lines and 5 bus lines. We are located next to the rue Bobillot area full of bars and restaurants, 800 m away from Place Monge, a typical parisian square with it's cafés, flower shop, XVIII century church and markets, and on the opposite side, not far from the chinese corner, its' Pho soup restaurants and nooddle bars.  I only rent my flat when I'm out of Paris so I have a friend who takes care of everything and who is available to give a hand if needed.
9856		Bright and spacious apartment in the 13th arrondissement. Perfect for a family or couple. Bedroom with queen bed, bathroom and separated WC, spacious living room and fully equipped and entirely renovated kitchen.  Subway, bars and restaurants around
9857		Bel appartement 2 pièces de 45m² tout équipé en plein coeur de Paris. A 1 min à pieds de la ligne 7 (station Tolbiac) et à 5 min des lignes 5 , 6 et 7 (station Place d'italie). L'appartement est spacieux et bien équipé. Idéal pour découvrir Paris!
9858		Appartement  comprenant une chambre, une salle de bain et un grand espace rassemblant un espace chambre, un salon et une cuisine. Situé dans le quartier de la Butte-aux-Cailles, c'est l'endroit idéal pour découvrir tout le charme du 13ème arrondisse Les voyageurs seront accueillis et pourront être conseillés pour des sorties dans le 13ème s'ils le souhaitent. La Butte aux cailles est un endroit à part à Paris. Calme le jour et populaire la nuit, c’est un petit bout de campagne isolé du reste de la ville qui a su conserver son atmosphère de (website hidden) vous attendez pas à y trouver de somptueux monuments historiques. La Butte aux Cailles, c’est avant tout profiter de ses rues paisibles et sa verdure la journée et aller profiter de ses bars et restaurant le soir. Pour les amateurs de Street Art, la butte est aussi l’un des terrains d’expression favoris de tous les graffeurs. Les lignes 5, 6 et 7 du métro parisien sont à moins de 5 minutes de l'appartement et déservent tout Paris. De
9859	Independent Studio of 18 m2 on the last floor, very calm in a nice area of the 13th district. Completely renovated, living room & bath room, at the beginning of July 2015. Ideal for a stay in Paris in a very safe and quiet district. You see the sky! This studio is independent, impeccable very clean & very very calms. It is bathed of light, it is on the last floor, 5th with elevator. The ground is in parquet floor in its same totality in the shower-room, the walls white, completely remade to nine. You can cook on the electric plates. You have a fridge only for you. The settee bed is very comfortable with a very good bedding, you can sleep to 2. This studio is ZEN.	Independent Studio of 18 m2 on the last floor, very calm in a nice area of the 13th district. Completely renovated, living room & bath room, at the beginning of July 2015. Ideal for a stay in Paris in a very safe and quiet district. You see the sky! This studio is independent, impeccable very clean & very very calms. It is bathed of light, it is on the last floor, 5th with elevator. The ground is in parquet floor in its same totality in the shower-room, the walls white, completely remade to nine. You can cook on the electric plates. You have a fridge only for you. The settee bed is very comfortable with a very good bedding, you can sleep to 2. This studio is ZEN. Fully independant Available for any helps & tips ! The district very calm, making safe and convivial, is very well served by the public transport, Bus & Metro, subway (hot lines towards the tourist places) and of very many stores (supermarkets, bakeries, pharmacies, restaurants, caterers, butcheries and dyer with less 200m, a 
9860	Perfectly located ; 20 min from the center of Paris by subway, my apartment is at your disposal for a stay of a few days.  With its living room and its bedroom (with a true bed), it is perfect for two. The flat is at the ground floor, with a high ceiling and it is bright in the daytime.	        Former shed rehabilitated in accommodation in a quiet building near the Places des Gobelins. The flat is atypical and quiet, take advantage of its situation close to the Latin Quarter to discover the City of Light. Perfectly located ; 20 min from the center of Paris by subway, my apartment is at your disposal for a stay of a few days.  With its living room and its bedroom (with a true bed), it is perfect for two. The flat is at the ground floor, with a high ceiling and it is bright in the daytime. The lounge has a TV and a PC. The kitchen is equipped with two electric hotplate, a fridge/deep-freeze, a microwave and a kettle. The bathroom has a shower, a washing machine, a clothes dryer. A hairdryer and towels are available. I rent my apartment for a few days every month, maximum 15 days. During your stay I shall remain easily available and reachable. You can contact me for any question or problem about your stay or the apartment. The Gobelins is a pleasant district. Restaurants
9861	This is a spacious 44m2 apartment with a 12m2 terrace. Amazing views, very comfortable, calm and has everything you may need. It has a bedroom with a huge bed (brand new) and a spacious living room with a sofa-bed (real bed), so it is perfect for either a couple or a family. There is a toilet and a bathroom. There is heating, internet, wifi, TV, etc. 	Beautiful spacious apartment on a 12th top floor with amazing views and a terrace!This is my brand new home,which I'm just renting out while on holidays(22Jan-8Feb):new king size bed,very comfy sofa-bed,fullyequippened kitchen,bigTV,furnished terrace This is a spacious 44m2 apartment with a 12m2 terrace. Amazing views, very comfortable, calm and has everything you may need. It has a bedroom with a huge bed (brand new) and a spacious living room with a sofa-bed (real bed), so it is perfect for either a couple or a family. There is a toilet and a bathroom. There is heating, internet, wifi, TV, etc. I live in this apartment so it has absolutely everything you need and I am happy to let you use everything. I will be on holidays so I prefer having a guest for 2 weeks, 1 week is the minimum stay that I will accept. This is a residential calm area in central Paris, close to the new area around Bibliothèque François Miterrand, very well connected to the rest of Paris (with the metro line 14 yo
9862	Separated Room with a private bathroom Ideal for one person, The room is just like a studio. You have the room with everything you might need and a private bathroom.  The room includes a sofa bed, bed sheets, a night table with an electrical lampe, a dining table with 2 chairs, an electric 2 seats stove, a TV, a fridge to store food and drinks and  a closet for put your clothes.  The bathroom includes a sink, a shower and a WC. The room is in a nice building. It is accessible with stairs or elevator. There is a doorman who handles the entry.    Every thing you need : shops, supermarkets, bakeries, bistrots, restaurants, are surrounding the room.  The closest metro stations are Place d Italie ( Line5, 6 & 7) ) and Tolbiac ( Line 7 ).  You can reach them in just few minutes. The Montsouris park is 12 mn walking. 	Separated Room with a private bathroom Ideal for one person, The room is just like a studio. You have the room with everything you might need and a private bathroom.  The room includes a sofa bed, bed sheets, a night table with an electrical lampe, a dining table with 2 chairs, an electric 2 seats stove, a TV, a fridge to store food and drinks and  a closet for put your clothes.  The bathroom includes a sink, a shower and a WC. The room is in a nice building. It is accessible with stairs or elevator. There is a doorman who handles the entry.    Every thing you need : shops, supermarkets, bakeries, bistrots, restaurants, are surrounding the room.  The closest metro stations are Place d Italie ( Line5, 6 & 7) ) and Tolbiac ( Line 7 ).  You can reach them in just few minutes. The Montsouris park is 12 mn walking. 
9863		This is a small but very cozy studio located in Paris
9864		La chambre est équipée d'une télévision et de rangement. Le lit king size peut accueillir un couple confortablement. Vos réveils seront accompagnés par le levé du Soleil à l'EST. Les parties que nous partagerons seront salle de bain, cuisine, salon, terrasse
9865	Le logement est coté cours donc très calme, mais a la fois très lumineux. Il est idéal pour les couples, mais convient aussi à des amis qui viennent passer le week-end sur Paris. Le canapé lit est 2 places mais relativement petit (160cm), il sera donc parfait pour les couples, ou pour des amis, mais reste un peu plus petit qu'un lit double classique. 	Lovely parisian flat only 50 meters from the metro station Tolbiac. All the attractions in Paris are easily accessible by metro or bus from the flat.  The appartement is in the courtyard so it's very quiet.
9866	Cheap Perfect to save money to enjoy more of Paris.	Cheap Perfect for Backpakers Urgent I rent my place in paris. Available from 2 to 16 january 30 january to 13 february 6 to 20 march 1 Week minimum 100 meters to subway line 6 direct to Effeil Tower Internet Quite place Subway Line 6 Bus 21
9867	A recently refurbished third floor cosy one bedroom apartment near Place d'Italie overlooking a leafy boulevard.   The apartment is light and airy and can accommodate up to 4 people. There's a bedroom with double bed and a living room with an comfortable sofa-bed. The kitchen, which adjoins the living room, has an oven-cooker, microwave, a toaster and a fridge/freezer. Towels and bed linen are supplied. The apartment has wifi internet and TV which can play DVDs. There are restaurants, brasseries and bars right outside the front door. 3 minutes walk from La Butte aux Caille with even more bars and restaurants. There is a market right outside the front door - which sells fresh fish, meat, vegetables and cheap DVDs - Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays. Shopping centre at Place d'Italie sells everything and shuts at 8pm otherwise there are two local shops for late night supplies a 2-minute walk away. If you need to park your car while in Paris, there is long term car park at 10 rue Wurst. This 	In central Paris, a recently refurbished third floor cosy one bedroom apartment near Place d'Italie overlooking a leafy boulevard. A recently refurbished third floor cosy one bedroom apartment near Place d'Italie overlooking a leafy boulevard.   The apartment is light and airy and can accommodate up to 4 people. There's a bedroom with double bed and a living room with an comfortable sofa-bed. The kitchen, which adjoins the living room, has an oven-cooker, microwave, a toaster and a fridge/freezer. Towels and bed linen are supplied. The apartment has wifi internet and TV which can play DVDs. There are restaurants, brasseries and bars right outside the front door. 3 minutes walk from La Butte aux Caille with even more bars and restaurants. There is a market right outside the front door - which sells fresh fish, meat, vegetables and cheap DVDs - Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays. Shopping centre at Place d'Italie sells everything and shuts at 8pm otherwise there are two local shops for late n
9868	C'est une ancienne boutique réaménagée en appartement de 40 M2 ! Très spacieux et lumineux !  protégé par un rideau de fer électrique ouvrable 	Très belle appartement très original en plein Paris!  2 minutes du métro et 5 min des quais de la seine  Entièrement rénové et tout équipé ( Tv internet, machine à laver, lave vaisselle four etc...)  1 grand lit double 160x200 cm  tout neuf ! Et un lit canapé pour une personne 100x200cm C'est une ancienne boutique réaménagée en appartement de 40 M2 ! Très spacieux et lumineux !  protégé par un rideau de fer électrique ouvrable  Accès à tout l'appartement (salon/ cuisine/ chambre/ salle de bain) Nous serons proche Paris durant cette période. Nous vous accueillerons donc afin de vous expliquez les quelques règles locatives et fonctionnement des machines.(lave linge/vaiselle four plaques électrique etc... Quartier typiquement Parisien au cœur du 13ème arrondissement ! tout commerces à proximité, ainsi que les quais de Seine, le bateau phare, le centre de la mode et le quartier Chinois ! Metro Chevaleret ligne 6 à 3 min ou Bibliothèque ligne 14 à 6 min!  La boutique est protégée par un rid
9869	deux chambre propre avec douche et WC pour 5 personnes     proche du métro Tolbiac  ligne de bus  62 ,  57 proche de la centre comerciale 	deux chambre propre avec douche et WC pour 5 personnes     proche du métro Tolbiac  ligne de bus  62 ,  57 proche de la centre comerciale 
9870	Dans un 3 piéces clair et convivial , à place d'italie, je vous réserve une chambre pour une ou 2 personnes , avec à proximité ,transports métro et bus d'où vous pourrez partir pour tous les musées, jardins , monuments. cinemas,restaurants,centre commercial,butte aux cailles,hopital 	Dans un 3 piéces clair et convivial , à place d'italie, je vous réserve une chambre pour une ou 2 personnes , avec à proximité ,transports métro et bus d'où vous pourrez partir pour tous les musées, jardins , monuments. cinemas,restaurants,centre commercial,butte aux cailles,hopital 
9871		D'abord, dans cet appartement lumineux, situé au 9ème étage (avec ascenseur) d'un immeuble récent vous avez à votre disposition un lit double, un canapé-lit, une salle de bain et wc ainsi qu'une cuisine. Ensuite, situé en plein Chinatown parisien, vous avez à la sortie de cet immeuble récent : Bus, métro, tramway ainsi que tous les commerces utiles. Enfin, depuis votre fenêtre, vous bénéficiez d'une vue imprenable sur Paris dont la tour Eiffel, la tour Montparnasse, le Sacré-Coeur, etc.
9872	"Cet appartement confortable de 27 m² est situé Rue Pascal, dans un quartier animé du 13ième Cet appartement lumineux et très calme au 2e étage sans ascenseur, bénéficie d'une vue dégagée et de l'équipement nécessaire pour vous sentir ""comme chez vous"" (Aspirateur, Fer à repasser, Internet tout compris, Lave linge, Linge de maison). "	"Cet appartement lumineux et confortable de 27 m² est situé Rue Pascal, dans un quartier animé du 13ième arrondissement de Paris. Cet appartement confortable de 27 m² est situé Rue Pascal, dans un quartier animé du 13ième Cet appartement lumineux et très calme au 2e étage sans ascenseur, bénéficie d'une vue dégagée et de l'équipement nécessaire pour vous sentir ""comme chez vous"" (Aspirateur, Fer à repasser, Internet tout compris, Lave linge, Linge de maison). Cet appartement est composé d'un superbe salon avec du parquet au sol, des fenêtres et une vue dégagée sur rue.Composé de 2 pièces dont 1 chambre, cet appartement en location meublée disposant d'un canapé lit   peut accueillir jusqu'à 2 adultes et 2 enfants ou 3 adultes. Station : Station Les Gobelins/M 7, Glacière/M 6) Situé au cœur du 13ème arrondissement de Paris, la Place d'Italie est un quartier extrêmement vivant et cosmopolite, idéalement situé entre le quartier des Gobelins, avec sa rue Mouffetard remplie de restaurants et "
9873	"Dear guests, You can call me ""Jojo"" the chinita, My husband and I are glad to share with you our newly renovated flat in the famous Chinatown of Paris. First of all, we would like to remind you that we have a little baby boy, if you don't mind having a child at home, you are welcome to our house. The apartment has more than 100 squared meters with 3 bedrooms :  - 2 private bedrooms with double size real bed available for short term rent  - A big living room of 22 m² with sofa bed for two people.  - A big kitchen of almost 20 m² with a beautiful view overlooking Paris My husband and I would like to rent the apartment occasionally for short stay. Please feel free to contact us for any further information. Thank you for your interest and enjoy your stay in Paris! "	"Dear guests, You can call me ""Jojo"" the chinita, My husband and I are glad to share with you our newly renovated flat in the famous Chinatown of Paris. The apartment has more than 100 squared meters with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Dear guests, You can call me ""Jojo"" the chinita, My husband and I are glad to share with you our newly renovated flat in the famous Chinatown of Paris. First of all, we would like to remind you that we have a little baby boy, if you don't mind having a child at home, you are welcome to our house. The apartment has more than 100 squared meters with 3 bedrooms :  - 2 private bedrooms with double size real bed available for short term rent  - A big living room of 22 m² with sofa bed for two people.  - A big kitchen of almost 20 m² with a beautiful view overlooking Paris My husband and I would like to rent the apartment occasionally for short stay. Please feel free to contact us for any further information. Thank you for your interest and enjoy your stay in Pari"
9874	Nice studio flat, fully equipped and ideally located which includes a loft bed, kitchen area, bedroom and study areas. A five minute walk from metro, bus, RER and tramway. As for the kitchen area, such facilities can be found: fridge, microwave, stoves, and a kettle. All kitchen appliances include sets of cutlery, tupperwares, utensils and plates. The TV airs all French channels, and wifi is widely available. Towels, Hair drier, and an iron can be found in the bathroom. I've also left city guides of Paris. This flat is most ideal for a single traveller, or a couple, abroad to make the lost out of Paris.	Cosy studio, quiet and renewed.  Connexion to the center and touristy areas, 5mins from the metro and few steps from the Seine! Nice studio flat, fully equipped and ideally located which includes a loft bed, kitchen area, bedroom and study areas. A five minute walk from metro, bus, RER and tramway. As for the kitchen area, such facilities can be found: fridge, microwave, stoves, and a kettle. All kitchen appliances include sets of cutlery, tupperwares, utensils and plates. The TV airs all French channels, and wifi is widely available. Towels, Hair drier, and an iron can be found in the bathroom. I've also left city guides of Paris. This flat is most ideal for a single traveller, or a couple, abroad to make the lost out of Paris. The entrance to my flat is secured with door codes, and overviews a nice leafy courtyard. My neighbourhood is very pleasant, and is host to a large array of shops within walking distances, including the likes of a butchery, bakery, and a fine cheesemonger. Many
9875	We are 10 min walk from a metro station of line 14 which is the modern and fast line that takes you directly to the heart of Paris in less than 10 min (and line 14 has very good connections with other metro lines so it's very easy to go everywhere in Paris). We offer you if you are interested one short 10-15 min free ride (I will be the driver) on Autolib, the huge electric car-sharing programme in Paris (see details below). QUIET:  Quiet studio in a small residential building located on a side street in a lively area with a lot of nice shops and good public transport links, very quiet as it looks onto an interior courtyard garden (no access to this garden).  SUNNY:  The studio has a French window giving a lot of light + another window + a window in the kitchen. Direct sun in the morning. PLEASANT:  The studio apartment also has a nice room layout and a small balcony with room for two people to sit on the balcony. CONVENIENT LOCATION: See details below 	30 m2  Studio+ = Main room + separate kitchen + separate bathroom/toilet + balcony. 1 real double bed + 1 double sofa bed (in the same room) Peaceful, sunny, pleasant, convenient location. Renovated in April 2014 (including all paintings). We are 10 min walk from a metro station of line 14 which is the modern and fast line that takes you directly to the heart of Paris in less than 10 min (and line 14 has very good connections with other metro lines so it's very easy to go everywhere in Paris). We offer you if you are interested one short 10-15 min free ride (I will be the driver) on Autolib, the huge electric car-sharing programme in Paris (see details below). QUIET:  Quiet studio in a small residential building located on a side street in a lively area with a lot of nice shops and good public transport links, very quiet as it looks onto an interior courtyard garden (no access to this garden).  SUNNY:  The studio has a French window giving a lot of light + another window + a window in 
9876	"The flat has an area of 47 m2. The polished wooden floors give a warm atmosphere. We kept an ""old style"" in the living room but modern in the kitchen and the bedroom. The sofa bed in the living room allows to accommodate two additional people."	"The flat has an area of 47 m2. The polished wooden floors give a warm atmosphere. We kept an ""old style"" in the living room but modern in the kitchen and the bedroom. The sofa bed in the living room allows to accommodate two additional people. Fully-equipped kitchen and a separate large bathroom and WC; The vibrant Asiatic quarter of Paris offers a perfect location to find cheap but good food and meet authentic Parisians, since it is not crowded with tourists. Located 1 min away by foot from the Maison blanche station of the Metro 7 (which brings you in the very centre of Paris in 20 min) and the bus 47. There is also the Metro 14 (station Olympiades) 5 min away by foot. We have a small and cute snake. It's of course not dangerous and will stay in its locked terrarium (you will probably not even see it, as it hides most of the time)."
9877	There is towels, Wifi, kitchen. Please note there are bars in the area, nice if you to experience Parisian-life, but not good if you're here for Business !	This appartment is located in central Paris, rue de la Butte aux Cailles. Next to Metro stations Corvisart and Place d'Italie. Lovely with plenty of nice and romantic restaurants. There is 1 double bed in the room, plus a sofa/bed in the main room. There is towels, Wifi, kitchen. Please note there are bars in the area, nice if you to experience Parisian-life, but not good if you're here for Business ! Whole appartment
9878	1 room with kitchen, oven, big fridge, washing machine 1 bathroom 1 toilet 1 electric kettle 1 italian coffee pot 14 floor with elevator 70 's style appartment (not new) 1 extra bed if needed (air mattress)	Quiet appartement, fully equiped in Paris Center, near 3 metro stations (1 min to the closer one), taxi zone, shopping center and carpark 1 room with kitchen, oven, big fridge, washing machine 1 bathroom 1 toilet 1 electric kettle 1 italian coffee pot 14 floor with elevator 70 's style appartment (not new) 1 extra bed if needed (air mattress) All access 1 minute : Shopping center, pharmacie, bakeries, restaurants Public swimming pool 1 min from Metro 6 Nationale 4 min from Metro 5 Campo Formio 5 min to Metro Place d'Italie 5-6-7 8 min to Metro 14 Olympiades Welcome to Paris ! From the Airports to your studio in Paris  Several options: 1.LIGHT LUGGAGE : train  Cheapest option and my recommendation. Direct train (called RER) from both Airports Charles de Gaulle (60 minutes) and Orly (Orlyval 45 minutes) by RER B (approximately 10 euros) stop at Denfert Rochereau, then change to metro 6 to Nation.  2. HEAVY LUGGAGE : air france shuttle  Take the Air France shuttle departing from Charles d
9879	A magical experience in the popular paris Have you always dreamed of a unique holiday in the City of Light. Valuable insight of the French savoir vivre. We offer you the possibility of a magical time in this wonderful family apartment.  This beautiful space is located on the Place d'Italie, just a few meters from the Italie 2 shopping center and metro Place d'Italie. The twentieth floor with view of a modern building, this apartment quiet and quaint 80m2, is a haven of peace in which you might find yourself after a long day of fantastic adventures to live in the most beautiful avenues in the world.  An apartment for 4 people in which you can relax in the spacious living room with cozy sofas (large screen TV - DVD player - many international channels), a classic and warmly decorated, a large table to accommodate your dinners in comfort appreciable. The couch is provided to serve as a sleeping person.  The kitchen is fully equipped, you will live a pleasant morning in a comfortable space	We offer you the possibility of a magical time in this wonderful family apartment. This beautiful space of 70m2 for 4 people at Place d'Italie, just a few meters from the metro and a large shopping center. A magical experience in the popular paris Have you always dreamed of a unique holiday in the City of Light. Valuable insight of the French savoir vivre. We offer you the possibility of a magical time in this wonderful family apartment.  This beautiful space is located on the Place d'Italie, just a few meters from the Italie 2 shopping center and metro Place d'Italie. The twentieth floor with view of a modern building, this apartment quiet and quaint 80m2, is a haven of peace in which you might find yourself after a long day of fantastic adventures to live in the most beautiful avenues in the world.  An apartment for 4 people in which you can relax in the spacious living room with cozy sofas (large screen TV - DVD player - many international channels), a classic and warmly decorated, 
9880	little stuido 13 m sofa bed,mezzanine bed,kitchen:oven,hob,kettle,frige,plates,cups,cuttely,TV,DVD,DVD player,DVDs,books,FREE WI-FI check-in 14.00 check-out 10 different possibilities. If you have any requests we''be happy to do it if we can. nice charming quite area with easy quick access to central paris line 5,6,7 place d'Italie studio can accomodate 4 adults but more comfortable for a family with two kids. It consists of a sofa bed,mezzanine bed,little kitchen with all necessary equipment:oven,hob,frige,kettle,plates,cups,glasses,cuttlery.WC,shower (website hidden),DVD player with our collection of dvds. Books. WI-FI free. check-in 14.00 check-out 10 different possibilities. If you have any requests we''be happy to do it if we can. The studio is situated in a nice area. 10 min walk from metro line 7 Tolbiac,15 min walk from Place d'Italie with lines 5,6,7. Huge shopping mall at Place d'Italie. There are beautiful flowery typically french streets around the area. Lots of nice restau	Little studio in a nice quite area 13. It consists of a sofa bed,mezzanine bed,little kitchen with all necessary equipment:oven,hob,frige,kettle,plates,cups,glasses,cuttlery.WC,shower room. a 10 min walk from Line 7 metro Tolbiac,15 min walk from   little stuido 13 m sofa bed,mezzanine bed,kitchen:oven,hob,kettle,frige,plates,cups,cuttely,TV,DVD,DVD player,DVDs,books,FREE WI-FI check-in 14.00 check-out 10 different possibilities. If you have any requests we''be happy to do it if we can. nice charming quite area with easy quick access to central paris line 5,6,7 place d'Italie studio can accomodate 4 adults but more comfortable for a family with two kids. It consists of a sofa bed,mezzanine bed,little kitchen with all necessary equipment:oven,hob,frige,kettle,plates,cups,glasses,cuttlery.WC,shower (website hidden),DVD player with our collection of dvds. Books. WI-FI free. check-in 14.00 check-out 10 different possibilities. If you have any requests we''be happy to do it if we can. The s
9881	dans un immeuble typique parisien, dernier étage avec ascenseur, très calme et confortable avec parquet. Petite chambre séparée avec un grand lit,  matelas disponible pour un couchage d'appoint dans le salon. Télévision, stereo, cafetière espresso, lave-vaisselle. In a typical parisian building, on the top floor (with an elevator). Very quiet and comfortable, wooden floor. Small bedroom with large bed, with a mattress for extra sleeping in the main (website hidden), stereo, espresso coffee machine, dishwasher.	Beau studio sous les toits 38m2, petite chambre séparée. Cuisine ouverte  équipée. Idéal pour un couple (+1 appoint). Quiet and cosy studio, ideal for a couple (+ extra). Many shops around, pleasant and safe neighborhood, easy public transportation. dans un immeuble typique parisien, dernier étage avec ascenseur, très calme et confortable avec parquet. Petite chambre séparée avec un grand lit,  matelas disponible pour un couchage d'appoint dans le salon. Télévision, stereo, cafetière espresso, lave-vaisselle. In a typical parisian building, on the top floor (with an elevator). Very quiet and comfortable, wooden floor. Small bedroom with large bed, with a mattress for extra sleeping in the main (website hidden), stereo, espresso coffee machine, dishwasher. Je serai probablement absent, mais joignable par téléphone. I may not be available in person although reachable by phone. proche de la place d'Italie, à deux pas de la butte aux cailles. Quartier vivant avec tous commerces de proximit
9882		Small pleasant and charming flat with a large balcony. At the foot of metro line 14 that will take you to every corner of Paris in less than half an hour. Special discount for bookings between July 11 and August 9 ! Happy searching !
9883	Le logement est très calme et chaleureux. Le canapé lit est confortable et très facile à remettre. La salle de bain est confortable. Le coin cuisine est petit mais suffisant pour se faire des repas corrects. Il y a un petit four électrique et un four à micro ondes.  	 L'appartement est bien situé. Il est à 15 min à pied de la Place d'Italie, 5 min à pied de la Bibliothèque François Mitterrand, de la Seine et du parc de Bercy. Il est également à 5 min du quartier chinois. Il est à 10 min à pied du quartier de la Buttes aux Cailles (très chouette quartier pour sortir le soir). Le quartier est très agréable. Beau marché au pied de l'immeuble les jeudi matins et les dimanche.  Métros et bus :  - Ligne 14 : arrêt Olympiades ou Biblithèque Francois Mitterand. La ligne 14 vous amène directement à la Gare de Lyon en 10 min,  à Madeleine et à la Gare Saint Lazare en 15 mn. - La ligne 6 (arrêt Nationale) vous amène à Nation et à Montparnasse très facilement.  - Le bus 27 au pied de l'immeuble vous amène directement dans le 5ème arrondissement, au musée du Louvre et à Opéra.  Le logement est très calme et chaleureux. Le canapé lit est confortable et très facile à remettre. La salle de bain est confortable. Le coin cuisine est petit mais suffisant pour se fair
9884	Logement très bien agencé composé : - D'une entrée avec couloir de rangement  - Sur la droite d'une cuisine équipée (nombreux rangements, vaisselles, four/micro onde, plaque vitrocéramique) - D'un salon salle à manger avec grande table double fonction, tv avec décodeur bouygues télécom, connexion wifi) : possibilité de	 30m2 Paris studio across 13th Avenue goblins. Ideally located in the heart of Paris 5 minutes from Mouffetard. This apartment overlooking the Eiffel Tower seduce all your expectations. Kitchen, shower and toilet. 
9885	Calme	Charmant studio de 20m2 idéale pour séjour en couple. A 2 min du jardin des plantes et de la grande mosquée de Paris  10min à pied de la place d Italie Et de la place mouffetard Studio tous confort machine a lavée  Nécessaire pour cuisine  Donnesur une petite cour . Calme Jardins des plantes  Grande mosquée  St. Michel Place d'Italie Place mouffetard Oui J'aime le calme et la beauté de mon quartier les vieux cinéma la quantité de commerce Les site culturel Métro Gare d'Austerlitz ou jussieu La télé et l'Internet ne sont pas encore installer mais le sera très bientôt
9886	L'appartement de 65m2 est composé de deux chambres, une cuisine indépendante, une salle de bain et de toilettes séparées.  En plus de votre chambre, vous aurez en libre accès les autres pièces de l'appartement à utiliser librement dès que vous le souhaitez.  Cependant, merci de bien vouloir respecter notre intimité en ne pénétrant pas dans la seconde chambre qui est la notre. _____ The 65m2 apartment has two bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. In addition to your room, you will have free access to other rooms in the apartment to freely use whenever you want. However, thank you to please respect our privacy by not entering the second chamber which is ours.	Bonjour à tous ! Nous sommes un jeune couple vivant dans un appartement de 65m2, proposant une chambre privée dans une petite rue très calme du quartier de Tolbiac, situé à 3mn de la Place d'Italie et de ses nombreuses lignes de métro de bus. _____  Hello everyone ! We are a young couple living in a 65m2 apartment offering a private room in a small quiet street in the Tolbiac district, located 3 minutes from the Place d'Italie and its many subway and bus lines. L'appartement de 65m2 est composé de deux chambres, une cuisine indépendante, une salle de bain et de toilettes séparées.  En plus de votre chambre, vous aurez en libre accès les autres pièces de l'appartement à utiliser librement dès que vous le souhaitez.  Cependant, merci de bien vouloir respecter notre intimité en ne pénétrant pas dans la seconde chambre qui est la notre. _____ The 65m2 apartment has two bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and separate toilet. In addition to your room, you will have free access to other rooms in
9887	You'll love the calm it provides after a long day visiting the city!	My place is a calm apartment in the heart of Paris, at a 5 min walking distance of the famous Quartier Latin.  The building is typically Parisian, the apartment has hard wood floors and 2 nice fireplaces.  Elevator, 2nd floor. You'll love the calm it provides after a long day visiting the city! July: my room, living room, bathroom & kitchen. August: the whole place (and a second queen bed) I will not be present in August, but I can definitely tip you about things to see in the neighborhood! Very calm neighborhood, with lots of nice restaurants. If you love Italian food, I got a great place to recommend.  Great Lebanese and Indian place just down the apartment too. Grocery store at a 2min walking distance.  If you sleep with the living room open, you'll be woken up by the smell of delicious croissants and French bread from the bakery boulevard de l'Hôpital! Direct from Lyon (bus lane 91), Austerlitz (metro lane 5, 5min walking distance), Montparnasse (bus lane 91) stations, Gare de l'Es
9888		Dans immeuble de standing avec ascenseur studio de 34m2  tout équipė vue sur jardin ,composé d'une entrée ,grand séjour (lit 160),cuisine indépendante ,salle de bains  Bus métro et RER vos mèneront facilement auxgares aéroports et 4coins de Paris 
9889	The balcony is the perfect place to chill out and eat outside. We have a Westside exposure, sun is there until late night.	UNIQUE MINI LOFT  1 bedroom apartment w/ balcony. Ideal for couples Location: 13th district of Paris in a trendy neighborhood (bibliothèque F.Mitterrand).   Metro proximity: 5 min walk to reach line 14. Size: 37sq/m (incl. balcony) The balcony is the perfect place to chill out and eat outside. We have a Westside exposure, sun is there until late night. It's easy to get to our place. 3-5 min walk from line 14. Bibliothèque François Mitterrand.
9890	It is a art deco style.  There is a king bed and a big sofa Living room: 25m2 Room size: 10m2 Dressing: 5m2 Bathroom: 5m2	This flat of 45m2 is pretty new with a view on a nice garden. The american kitchen is fully equipped with a dish washer and a washing machine.The district is very secure with a lot of commerce. The accessibility is good, 50 meter to the metro station It is a art deco style.  There is a king bed and a big sofa Living room: 25m2 Room size: 10m2 Dressing: 5m2 Bathroom: 5m2 free WIFI connection TV with satellite Channels Private toilet Desk  Huge sofa It's a lovely district in the center of Paris close to the oldest market in Paris ( rue Mouffetard). There are a lot of commerce. You have the famous monument of the Panthéon really close, as well as Notre Dame.  If you want to have a nice walk you should go to the quai de seine. It is the famous river which cross Paris. It spend 10 minute by walk from the flat. Moreover you should go to the jardin des plantes. It is a nice garden with a zoo and several museum. From the airport: you could take a cab, a bus or a metro From the central station:
9891	I worked 3 months to renovate this nice apartment to make it pleasant and favorable to music creation (i'm music producer)	"Nice flat renovated in a cool and safety aera, close to the Panthéon, the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"" and the ""Butte aux Cailles"".  Close to the metro. 2 rooms, 1 bed for 2 people, with a video-projector, and a bluetooth sound system that you can use. I worked 3 months to renovate this nice apartment to make it pleasant and favorable to music creation (i'm music producer) You can call me when you want and i can come to help you if you have any problem. The aera is just magic: Quiet and peaceful with a nice park and a place down in the street, and typical with cool bars if you walk 5 minutes to the ""Rue Mouffetard"" or the ""Butte Aux Cailles"". There is few metro station close to the flat (Glacière, Corvisart on line 6, And Gobelin on line 7). There is a bus too that bring you to Orly Airport. There is Vélib' and Autolib' stations too."
9892		proche toute commodité,centre commercial,quai de seine,restaurants,cinéma,bibliothèque, transport.... cuisine équipé,ascenseur,calme sur jardin... Internet,wifi... Charges,EDF,GDF comprises. Caution 700€.
9893	A Beautiful 15 m² Studio, in center of Paris, 5 Minutes walk to Jardin des plante, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme, situated in a very safe neighborhood, Metro Station Saint Marcel and Gare D Austerlitze is 2/3 minutes by walk, Line Number 5 or 10 The Kitchen is well equipped, Toilet and Shower, Hot/cold water, fridge, Inter, a nice and comfirtable Sofa bed, glasses, Microwave plates and other small things for kitchen use. Theres Wifi internet in the appartement and I will give you the password that you can even use the same password, in many areas for free internet and now i have fast internet connection inthe flat with the TV. We do offer fresh towel and fresh Linen The appartement is in fourth floor, small building with big stairs, so easy acces.  I have been living there my self for many years and i have loved it, I am sure you will too, very nice area to walk around Moufftard which is very close by. Theres a big super market just few steps from the Appartement.	A Beautiful 15 m² Studio, in center of Paris, 5 Minutes walk to Jardin des plante, 15 minutes walk to Notre Damme, situated in a very safe neighborhood, Metro Station Saint Marcel and Gare D Austerlitze is 2/3 minutes by walk, Line Number 5 or 10 The Kitchen is well equipped, Toilet and Shower, Hot/cold water, fridge, Inter, a nice and comfirtable Sofa bed, glasses, Microwave plates and other small things for kitchen use. Theres Wifi internet in the appartement and I will give you the password that you can even use the same password, in many areas for free internet and now i have fast internet connection inthe flat with the TV. We do offer fresh towel and fresh Linen The appartement is in fourth floor, small building with big stairs, so easy acces.  I have been living there my self for many years and i have loved it, I am sure you will too, very nice area to walk around Moufftard which is very close by. Theres a big super market just few steps from the Appartement. There will be extra 
9894	Breakfast possible !	Breakfast possible ! bathroom and TV room to be shared between the two bedrooms Porte de Choisy Subway and tramway 6 minutes from home.
9895	YOUR ROOM: Charming medium-sized room with a wardrobe to hang your clothes in; a bedside table with a light; a desk and, of course, a large and extremely comfortable double bed. Room has multiple places to recharge your electronic devices! APARTMENT: Very comfortable, light, modern and quiet 100m² Apartment in an extremely safe & secure building (2 codes required to enter!) BATHROOMS & TOILETS: 4 separate rooms - 2 Bathrooms (1 Shower and 1 Bath) and 2 Toilets KITCHEN: Fully equipped with the latest and best Appliances (Dishwasher, Washing Machine, Huge Fridge & Fridge Freezer, Microwave, Toaster, Kettle, Hotplate etc). We will give you your own shelf in the Fridge so you can go and shop at the Supermarket (2 minutes walk) and then prepare your own food in our large and well-equipped Kitchen! The kitchen is open plan. You can either enjoy your meal at the dining table or go out onto our incredible balcony and enjoy your meal in the sunshine! SITTING ROOM: Large with big. bright windows	Located close to the Seine, the metro in a new district.The metro and shops are 100m from the apartment connecting all the sights of Paris.Very comfortable and friendly 100m²apartment with a fully equipped with small electrical appliances complete. YOUR ROOM: Charming medium-sized room with a wardrobe to hang your clothes in; a bedside table with a light; a desk and, of course, a large and extremely comfortable double bed. Room has multiple places to recharge your electronic devices! APARTMENT: Very comfortable, light, modern and quiet 100m² Apartment in an extremely safe & secure building (2 codes required to enter!) BATHROOMS & TOILETS: 4 separate rooms - 2 Bathrooms (1 Shower and 1 Bath) and 2 Toilets KITCHEN: Fully equipped with the latest and best Appliances (Dishwasher, Washing Machine, Huge Fridge & Fridge Freezer, Microwave, Toaster, Kettle, Hotplate etc). We will give you your own shelf in the Fridge so you can go and shop at the Supermarket (2 minutes walk) and then prepare y
9896	"Budget but very confortable private room with a desk if you want to work. The Kitchen & bathroom are spacious and full equipped.  Easy access to Paris Diderot University and INALCO. Close to subway and RER. Private street (called ""Villa"" in paris) very quiet. "	"Chamber(Room) about 10 m2 in a 3 rooms-flat with 2 roommates. The apartment makes approximately 70m2 with a big balcony. Big fully-equipped kitchen (+washing machine) and a large bathroom. Subway : Line 14 (Olympiades)/RER C : Francois Mitterand Budget but very confortable private room with a desk if you want to work. The Kitchen & bathroom are spacious and full equipped.  Easy access to Paris Diderot University and INALCO. Close to subway and RER. Private street (called ""Villa"" in paris) very quiet. Private room with a double bed, space to arrange clothes and a desk. Bathroom with a bath. Separate toilets Kitchen with washing machine Towel, shower gel and shampoo. Bibliothèque Francois Mitterand Olympiades Faculté Diderot INALCO RER C Bibliothèque Francois Mitterand (St Michel 10 minutes / Tour Eiffel 15 minutes / Chateau de Versailles 35 minutes) Subway 14 Olympiades (Chatelet --> 15 minutes) Bus 27 62 64"
9897		Location d'une chambre (en dehors des périodes de vacances scolaires). Lit et rangement disponibles. La seconde grande pièce est occupée par le propriétaire. Cuisine équipée. Douche. Lave linge.
9898	You would be staying in a bright, clean, 3 room apartment. There is a cosy bedroom with a double bed. The separate living room contains a brand new, very comfy pull-out sofa bed (also a double). Perfect for up to 4 friends, a family, or even 2 couples.  There is a small but fully equipped kitchen (stove, microwave oven, coffee press and cooking and eating utensils). The living room has an additional sofa and dining table (it extends to fit 4 people, and has 4 chairs). There is one toilet and a separate bathroom with a shower and sink.  The apartment has everything you need to make your stay comfortable! (sheets, towels, Wifi internet, a washer/dryer, dishwasher)	Perfect space for 2-4 people!  In the quaint Butte aux Cailles neighbourhood, you will find fountains, street-art, and many restaurants!  Direct metro lines take you to many of the main sights and neighbourhoods in Paris in under 15 minutes. You would be staying in a bright, clean, 3 room apartment. There is a cosy bedroom with a double bed. The separate living room contains a brand new, very comfy pull-out sofa bed (also a double). Perfect for up to 4 friends, a family, or even 2 couples.  There is a small but fully equipped kitchen (stove, microwave oven, coffee press and cooking and eating utensils). The living room has an additional sofa and dining table (it extends to fit 4 people, and has 4 chairs). There is one toilet and a separate bathroom with a shower and sink.  The apartment has everything you need to make your stay comfortable! (sheets, towels, Wifi internet, a washer/dryer, dishwasher) The entire apartment is available, however there are some personal belongings on some s
9899		Room with à kingsize bed in a charming duplex in the center of Paris. The house is a duplex with 3 bedroom, one kitchen, on living room, two toilet and one bathroom. A pretty terrace on a small garden.
