34200		Very nice apartment of 17 m2. It is located in a beautiful historic building on the 4th floor of a pedestrian street with garden view. 2 big windows (4m high ceilings), very bright and sunny. Near the Seine, St Gervais Church and Hotel de Ville. Metro: Hotel De Ville St Paul Bus: Most buses stop nearby - too many to write down.
34201	The place is perfect for a couple. 2 pax Brand new bed Size 160x200 	studio 30 m square in the historical center of paris. in a pedestrian street next to motorgeuil, louvre and chatelet area . free internet wifi with major international tv chanels . it has been refurbished one year ago with vintage danish furnitures . The place is perfect for a couple. 2 pax Brand new bed Size 160x200  Free wifi  Major international tv channels Kitchen well equiped. Dish washer, fridge,oven.nespresso coffee machine  kettle  We don t do listing. We trust our guest to keep the place tidy We don t take any deposit The place is close from marais and the louvre  Next to the montorgeuil street. With all bakeries and market place 2 minutes walk from the etienne marcel tube station.  3 minutes from chatelet les halles tube station  Check in is around 12. Am. Could be earlier if the apartment is free the night before  Check out time is around 11. Could be later if the apartment is not booked the same day 
34202	Chambre privée pour une ou 2 personnes dans un appartement de 75 m2 rue vieille du temple. Très lumineuse, la chambre donne sur la cour intérieure de l’immeuble (aucun bruit). Vous jouissez de l’ensemble de l’appartement la majeur partie de la journée. Le salon est occupé par un des colocataires durant la majeure partie de la soirée/nuit. 	Chambre privée pour une ou 2 personnes dans un appartement de 75 m2 rue vieille du temple. Très lumineuse, la chambre donne sur la cour intérieure de l’immeuble (aucun bruit). Vous jouissez de l’ensemble de l’appartement la majeur partie de la journée. Cohabitation sympa avec 2 garçons pour la cuisine, la salle de bain, le salon, les communs. Le quartier : Le quartier est situé en plein centre de Paris, à une station de Chatelet non loin de l'hôtel de ville dans le 4ème arrondissement Chambre privée pour une ou 2 personnes dans un appartement de 75 m2 rue vieille du temple. Très lumineuse, la chambre donne sur la cour intérieure de l’immeuble (aucun bruit). Vous jouissez de l’ensemble de l’appartement la majeur partie de la journée. Le salon est occupé par un des colocataires durant la majeure partie de la soirée/nuit. Cohabitation sympa avec 2 garçons pour la cuisine, la salle de bain, les communs. David et Antoine, les deux colocataires, seront disponibles pour vous aider. Je suis év
34203	Tout près de la Seine, à 2 minutes à pieds de la place des Vosges et de la Bastille, cet appartement est très bien situé, au coeur du quartier très touristique du Marais et à 200m de l’Opéra Bastille.  Sont situés à proximité : commerces, marchés, poste, banques, bistros et restaurants, stations vélib, cinémas et théâtres. La studette est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble 1900. Le lieu est calme.  Kitchenette équipée d'un frigo et d'une plaque électrique. Salle de bain avec douche et sanibroyeur. You're welcome to ask us any questions :)	Petite studette, claire et refaite à neuf comprenant kitchenette, douche et wc. Située entre Bastille et St Paul, dans le quartier très convivial du Marais, à proximité de nombreux commerces et restaurants. Lignes 1, 5 et 8 et nombreux bus. Tout près de la Seine, à 2 minutes à pieds de la place des Vosges et de la Bastille, cet appartement est très bien situé, au coeur du quartier très touristique du Marais et à 200m de l’Opéra Bastille.  Sont situés à proximité : commerces, marchés, poste, banques, bistros et restaurants, stations vélib, cinémas et théâtres. La studette est au 5ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble 1900. Le lieu est calme.  Kitchenette équipée d'un frigo et d'une plaque électrique. Salle de bain avec douche et sanibroyeur. You're welcome to ask us any questions :) Code d'entrée et interphone. Appartement sécurisé muni d'une serrure 3 points. Je vous conseillerais quelques bonnes adresses de restaurants, de musées, de parcs et bien-sûr les endroits atypiques uniquemen
34204	5 minutes from metro Saint Paul, 7 from Hotel de Ville (Paris Town Hall). Close to all amenities. Living Room / Bedroom / Kitchen / Bathroom / separate restroom. Beautiful apartment of a bit less than 60m2, 2nd floor, 2nd FLOOR, in Le Marais  Affordable appartement in the heart of Paris.  The Marais is one of the most popular areas of the french capital. Close to amenities and fully equipped.  Discover the charm of Paris at home! Located on the 2nd floor of an old building, no elevator, bathroom, separate restroom-TV-fridge-microwave-stove-kettle-linen-towels-1 double bed and a double sofa bed, towels, sheets, tea, coffee, wifi...  Opportunity to get one small children mattresses in the room if necessary (make the request in advance) and i have a baby cot also.  I give you the keys to your arrival to explain how everything works.  We'll check the appartment upon your departure and in between you make yourself at home! Le Marais, living area in the center of Paris, close to the St. Loui	5 minutes from metro Saint Paul, 7 from Hotel de Ville (Paris Town Hall). Close to all amenities. Living Room / Bedroom / Kitchen / Bathroom / separate restroom. Beautiful apartment of a bit less than 60m2 in Le Marais  5 minutes from metro Saint Paul, 7 from Hotel de Ville (Paris Town Hall). Close to all amenities. Living Room / Bedroom / Kitchen / Bathroom / separate restroom. Beautiful apartment of a bit less than 60m2, 2nd floor, 2nd FLOOR, in Le Marais  Affordable appartement in the heart of Paris.  The Marais is one of the most popular areas of the french capital. Close to amenities and fully equipped.  Discover the charm of Paris at home! Located on the 2nd floor of an old building, no elevator, bathroom, separate restroom-TV-fridge-microwave-stove-kettle-linen-towels-1 double bed and a double sofa bed, towels, sheets, tea, coffee, wifi...  Opportunity to get one small children mattresses in the room if necessary (make the request in advance) and i have a baby cot also.  I give 
34205	"NOW FOR OUR ENGLISH - SPEAKING FRIENDS : For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  In the centre of the historic "" Le Marais"" de Paris (4), a beautiful small three rooms located on the lift of a 18th.  In a unique and refined setting, you will appreciate the particular charm of this district very trend in Paris, while residing in calm.  10 Min walk from the Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, the place des Vosges, Beaubourg, the Tower Saint Jacques, Ste Chapel, City Hall, the Picasso Museum, the Louvre and Opera Bastille, your romantic strolls in St Michel and St Germain des Prés district, or overlooking the Seine under the bridges of Paris will be enhanced by the exceptional situation of this apartment.  Many and various means of transport serving this very central district of Paris : Metro, Bus, the Vélib, where even the boat Bus.  The closest metro stations are:  Hôtel de Ville,St Paul-Le Marais,Châtelet,Pont Marie. Lines 1.11.& 7.  The capacity of this delightful small thre"	"In the heart of the old historical center famous Marais de Paris close to Notre Dame and the romantics quays de Seine,you are invited to stay in a parisian three roomed flat middle of a nice garden and a superb paved court yard rated 18th.century     NOW FOR OUR ENGLISH - SPEAKING FRIENDS : For a romantic or family stay in a Parisian atmosphere.  In the centre of the historic "" Le Marais"" de Paris (4), a beautiful small three rooms located on the lift of a 18th.  In a unique and refined setting, you will appreciate the particular charm of this district very trend in Paris, while residing in calm.  10 Min walk from the Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, the place des Vosges, Beaubourg, the Tower Saint Jacques, Ste Chapel, City Hall, the Picasso Museum, the Louvre and Opera Bastille, your romantic strolls in St Michel and St Germain des Prés district, or overlooking the Seine under the bridges of Paris will be enhanced by the exceptional situation of this apartment.  Many and various means of "
34206	In a classified building, our apartment is located Rue du Temple, in 4th arrondissement and few steps from the Beaubourg Contemporary Art Center. On 3rd floor walk up of a charming and original building with digicode, the staircase is accessible from a store which is on the ground floor. Ideal for a couple, it can welcome up to 3 guests. 2 days stay is possible between 2 periods booked. The living-room, with a modern design, is extremely bright and faces the Rue du Temple. It is furnished with an adjustable coffee table, a sofa-bed (sleeps 1), a chest of drawers, 2 armchairs, 3 stools. You will also have at your disposal a flat screen television, (Digital Terrestrial TV), a DVD player, a Hifi system and an Internet connection (ADSL and wifi). From the living-room, you'll enjoy a small area with an exceptional view on the Pompidou Centre. You can use it as an office, you will find a bar/desk, a CD shelf and 2 stools. The kitchen, open on the living-room, is fully equipped with 4 vitroce	In the heart of the Marais and few steps walk from Notre Dame.Our place is totally committed to contemporary style and design.Its location in the centre of Paris ensures fast, easy access to all of the capital's cultural attractions and tourist site In a classified building, our apartment is located Rue du Temple, in 4th arrondissement and few steps from the Beaubourg Contemporary Art Center. On 3rd floor walk up of a charming and original building with digicode, the staircase is accessible from a store which is on the ground floor. Ideal for a couple, it can welcome up to 3 guests. 2 days stay is possible between 2 periods booked. The living-room, with a modern design, is extremely bright and faces the Rue du Temple. It is furnished with an adjustable coffee table, a sofa-bed (sleeps 1), a chest of drawers, 2 armchairs, 3 stools. You will also have at your disposal a flat screen television, (Digital Terrestrial TV), a DVD player, a Hifi system and an Internet connection (ADSL and wifi
34207	Our 1 bedroom apartment is in the heart of the Marais. Sit on our balcony and enjoy a drink while looking at the rooftops of Paris. Have a picnic at the Place des Vosges (1 min walk) or take a leisurely stroll through the Marais or along the Seine! Steps away from Place des Vosges, this one bedroom apartment has everything you'll need during your stay in Paris. Located in the Marais (3rd arrondissement), you are easily within walking distance from the Seine, Notre Dame Cathedral, Bastille, Republique, Centre Pompidou modern art museum, Hotel de Ville, and l'Ile de la Cite.  The Marais has many cafes, restaurants, shops, and art galleries and is home to the jewish and lgbt communities.  The apartment is located near Metro Bastille (lines 1, 5, 8, 9) and Saint Paul (line 1), so you will have direct access to nearly every great and iconic places in Paris. Amenities included: 1 bedroom (double bed,iphone stereo adapter), one family room (tv, radio/cd player, internet/wifi, dvd player, couc	Our 1 bedroom apartment is in the heart of the Marais. Sit on our balcony and enjoy a drink while looking at the rooftops of Paris. Have a picnic at the Place des Vosges (1 min walk) or take a leisurely stroll through the Marais or along the Seine! Our 1 bedroom apartment is in the heart of the Marais. Sit on our balcony and enjoy a drink while looking at the rooftops of Paris. Have a picnic at the Place des Vosges (1 min walk) or take a leisurely stroll through the Marais or along the Seine! Steps away from Place des Vosges, this one bedroom apartment has everything you'll need during your stay in Paris. Located in the Marais (3rd arrondissement), you are easily within walking distance from the Seine, Notre Dame Cathedral, Bastille, Republique, Centre Pompidou modern art museum, Hotel de Ville, and l'Ile de la Cite.  The Marais has many cafes, restaurants, shops, and art galleries and is home to the jewish and lgbt communities.  The apartment is located near Metro Bastille (lines 1, 5
34208		Très bonne localisation. Hôtes sympathiques et accueillant. Fluent in english
34209	Hello, You will be in the center of the center of Paris. Brand new 2 room apartment with air conditioning in a nice old building in one of the biggest pedestrian restricted areas of Europe. It is at the 5th floor with a lift which only begins at the 2nd floor. The apartment has all possible equipment from the high speed Wifi up to a massage shower with radio !!! Everything is close: 1 mn of walk from the modern art museum Beaubourg Pompidou 8 mn of walk to Notre-Dame 10 mn for Le Louvre Of walking distance to most parts of Paris, close to the train for Versailles and to Les Halles station which is the biggest metro node to directly go everywhere like Euro Disney, St Germain en Laye, all Paris train stations, Montmartre.... We are waiting for you arno	Hello, You will be in the center of the center of Paris. Brand new 2 room apartment with air conditioning in a nice old building in one of the biggest pedestrian restricted areas of Europe. It is at the 5th floor with a lift which only begins at the 2nd floor. The apartment has all possible equipment from the high speed Wifi up to a massage shower with radio !!! Everything is close: 1 mn of walk from the modern art museum Beaubourg Pompidou 8 mn of walk to Notre-Dame 10 mn for Le Louvre Of walking distance to most parts of Paris, close to the train for Versailles and to Les Halles station which is the biggest metro node to directly go everywhere like Euro Disney, St Germain en Laye, all Paris train stations, Montmartre.... We are waiting for you arno
34210	There is double bed in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 2 in the living room and one mattress for 2 in the mezzanine	Located in the historical center of Paris, the apartment, with air-conditioning, is 2 steps away from Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville, the Seine and make it possible to wander in the Marais area. Newly renovated, the flat can accomodate 6 people. There is double bed in the bedroom, one sofa bed for 2 in the living room and one mattress for 2 in the mezzanine I would be happy to help you out during your stay in Paris, by giving you useful address in the neighbourhood, just need to ask. The flat is located in the real heart of Paris. Which facilitate sightseeing on foot and is also very well served by public transport. You can enjoy the abundant number of restaurants and cafés located in the area or visit the many museums and art galleries nearby.
34211		Charming apartment in a building of the XVIII century stone , one minute from the Place des Vosges, and a minute of the Bastille. a small room in a small courtyard with a double bed , A beautiful room with a Parisian style in the center of the rue des Rosiers . This street is the fashion of France with lots of cafes , restaurants.  High ceilings , light, quiet. The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Marais district , festive close to the Bastille , near shops of the rue des Francs -Bourgeois shops , close to the Picasso Museum , the Louvre has some stations , not far from Notre Dame , saint Louis island and the banks of the Seine are just 10 minutes. Located in the metro ST PAUL serving line 1. I can rent the apartment for short periods , but for longer periods , with a flexible schedule. all inclusive. The apartment is bright , warm, you will rest comfortably in your Parisian discoveries. Welcome ! At your disposal: - Bed linen and towels - Refrigerator, - radiators - I
34212	Situated on Rue Rambuteau with great food shops restaurants and clothing boutiques.  You have asses to the kitchen shower toilet and living room, you will have a private toilet.  Fashionable neighbourhood of Le Marais, very central, 2 mins walking from Pompidou centre, 6 mins walking to Hotel de Ville ,rue du Rivoli. You can assess Notre Damme, Louvre and la Seine by short walk!  1 min away from Rambuteau station and 7 mins walk to Chatelet le Halles station  You have asses to the kitchen shower toilet and living room, you will have a private toilet.  If i am free i will be happy to show you around, and share a drink with my guests Fashionable neighbourhood of Le Marais, very central, 2 mins walking from Pompidou centre, 6 mins walking to Hotel de Ville and rue du Rivoli. you can assess Notre Damme, Louvre and la Seine by short walk!  1 min away from Rambuteau station and 7 mins walk to Chatelet le Halles station 	Double couch in living room, with private toilet and shared shower, for 1 person only.  The apartment located in Le Marais, central Paris, 1 min away from Rambuteau Metro, 1 min away from Pompidou Center, fashionable district in the heart of Paris. Very  safe  Situated on Rue Rambuteau with great food shops restaurants and clothing boutiques.  You have asses to the kitchen shower toilet and living room, you will have a private toilet.  Fashionable neighbourhood of Le Marais, very central, 2 mins walking from Pompidou centre, 6 mins walking to Hotel de Ville ,rue du Rivoli. You can assess Notre Damme, Louvre and la Seine by short walk!  1 min away from Rambuteau station and 7 mins walk to Chatelet le Halles station  You have asses to the kitchen shower toilet and living room, you will have a private toilet.  If i am free i will be happy to show you around, and share a drink with my guests Fashionable neighbourhood of Le Marais, very central, 2 mins walking from Pompidou centre, 6 mins w
34213		A Trendy studio located in Le Marais, a hot spot in Paris embraces comfort & design. This Studio allows guest to feel like they are part of the city and not just a visitor!
34214	The Flat has a long balcony connected to the bedroom and living room with an amazing view of the city center.The appartment is located just in the Center of Paris on the 1st arrondissement, near to the following places, At 200 meters (2 minutes by foot): >Centre George Pompidou (Musée National d'Art Moderne ) >Commercial Center Les Halles >Chatelet-Le Halles Metro Station. The main direct line connected to the airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly which is the RER B. In the sourroundings, there is Le Marais District, the Rue Montorgueil, and from 10 to 15 minutes by walk you can be on the next places: > Musée du Louvre > Hotel de Ville >Sant-Jacques Tower >Sainte-Chapelle >Notre-Dame Cathedral >... and many other attractions It is a very good place, if you are looking something close and connected to everything (good restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, metro stations, fastfood 24/07,...). For what concern the appartment itself, it has two double rooms but normally one private room is availa	The Flat has a long balcony connected to the bedroom and living room with an amazing view of the city center.The appartment is located just in the Center of Paris on the 1st arrondissement, near to the following places, At 200 meters (2 minutes by foot): >Centre George Pompidou (Musée National d'Art Moderne ) >Commercial Center Les Halles >Chatelet-Le Halles Metro Station. The main direct line connected to the airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly which is the RER B. In the sourroundings, there is Le Marais District, the Rue Montorgueil, and from 10 to 15 minutes by walk you can be on the next places: > Musée du Louvre > Hotel de Ville >Sant-Jacques Tower >Sainte-Chapelle >Notre-Dame Cathedral >... and many other attractions It is a very good place, if you are looking something close and connected to everything (good restaurants, pubs, supermarkets, metro stations, fastfood 24/07,...). For what concern the appartment itself, it has two double rooms but normally one private room is availa
34215	This studio is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, less three minutes walk from the Rambuteau and Hôtel de Ville Metro stations, just behind the Pompidou Centre (Beaubourg) and less than ten minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris cathedral, Rue de Rivoli and the Seine. The studio is very cosy and ideal for a single person or young couple and is arranged as follows:  On the third floor (fourth floor US), entrance straight into the small open plan kitchen and the main room, with a shower room on the far right with walk-in shower, basin and W.C. The foldaway bed in the main room is 160x190.  Rue Rambuteau is the main street in this quartier where Parisians like to do their shopping.	Rue Du Temple 75004 Paris Type : Studio Surface : 18m² (194 Sq Ft) This studio is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, less three minutes walk from the Rambuteau and Hôtel de Ville Metro stations, just behind the Pompidou Centre (Beaubourg) and less than ten minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris cathedral, Rue de Rivoli and the Seine. This studio is on the right bank, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, less three minutes walk from the Rambuteau and Hôtel de Ville Metro stations, just behind the Pompidou Centre (Beaubourg) and less than ten minutes walk from Notre Dame de Paris cathedral, Rue de Rivoli and the Seine. The studio is very cosy and ideal for a single person or young couple and is arranged as follows:  On the third floor (fourth floor US), entrance straight into the small open plan kitchen and the main room, with a shower room on the far right with walk-in shower, basin and W.C. The foldaway bed in the main room is 160x190.  Rue Rambuteau is the main stree
34216	Enjoy the tranquility of this elegant Parisian apartment organised around a spacious living room opened to a large dining room. Very peaceful house - Only for very quiet tenants 2 large and quiet bedrooms Elegant bathroom with bathtub sunny, bright and extremely luminous, for a cozy atmosphere. You will experience the French savoir vivre. Surface: 65 M2 Address: Rue du petit musc Metro station: Between Bastille and Saint-Paul Le Marais (Line 1) Bedrooms: Bedroom 1 facing the courtyard with king size bed from the highest quality, TV, dressing, very quiet Bedrrom 2 with a king size bed and nice light as well. A very spacious living-room facing a green and flowered courtyard with top quality convertible couch (double bed), table/chairs, TV A separated dining area with a large table for 6 people Luxurious and elegant decoration. Bathroom: Elegant bathroom in warm, relaxing colors. Spacious bathtub/shower. Bathroom heater. Numerous soft towels Professional hair dryer Kitchen: Fully furnishe	Enjoy the tranquility of this elegant Parisian apartment organised around a spacious living room opened to a large dining room. Very peaceful house - Only for very quiet tenants 2 large and quiet bedrooms Elegant bathroom with bathtub sunny, bright and extremely luminous, for a cozy atmosphere. You will experience the French savoir vivre. Surface: 65 M2 Address: Rue du petit musc Metro station: Between Bastille and Saint-Paul Le Marais (Line 1) Bedrooms: Bedroom 1 facing the courtyard with king size bed from the highest quality, TV, dressing, very quiet Bedrrom 2 with a king size bed and nice light as well. A very spacious living-room facing a green and flowered courtyard with top quality convertible couch (double bed), table/chairs, TV A separated dining area with a large table for 6 people Luxurious and elegant decoration. Bathroom: Elegant bathroom in warm, relaxing colors. Spacious bathtub/shower. Bathroom heater. Numerous soft towels Professional hair dryer Kitchen: Fully furnishe
34217	VERY CENTRAL AND ALL COMODITIES,easy access to all the transports. 	STUDIO VERY CENTRAL DOBLE BED IDEAL FOR COUPLES LITTLE BALCONY EASY ACCESS TO ALL TRANSPORTS 15 MIN WALKING FROM NOTRE DAME HISTORIC AREA OF PARIS 6TH FLOOR WITH ELEVATOR KITCHEN WC SHOWER TO SHARE WITH 2 PEOPLE VERY SAFE BY NIGHT VERY CENTRAL AND ALL COMODITIES,easy access to all the transports. Very safe neighbourhood Easy access to all the transport washing machine internet
34218	Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the dining area through a charming in-room window. The stylish and modern bathroom features a spacious walk-in shower. A state-of-the-art video/tv/cd/dvd player, wireless high-speed internet, a telephone line with continent-wide free phone calls and a scan-c	Châtelet-Les Halles-Beaubourg - modern elegant deco - high ceilings - extremely bright - faces a tranquil courtyard - wifi/tv/dvd/cd/hifi/scan-copy-printer/phone - spacious ceiling closets - pro. cleaning service - cafés/réstos/fitness-spa clubs/jazz Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the din
34219	In the heart of the historic Marais district, in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, this bed & breakfast is typically Parisian.  The building was build by the Marquis de Joyeuse in the 17th.  You will find everything you need right at hand. A 2-minute walk to the Place des Vosges, a 5-minute walk to the Place de la Bastille, and 20 minutes to Notre-Dame … All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, wold level museums and lesser known places, just there for you to discover.   You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the district is quite safe.  You may meet casually movie actors, politicians, philosophs and opinions leaders.   Your hostess, Marie-Christine, will serve you an excellent traditional French breakfast (plus yogurt, cheese, fresh fruits, almonds, soft boiled egg) , then unlock the secrets of Paris and help you decide which sites to visit first, according to your interests. She knows Paris inside-out.   Th	        Feel like a real parisien in a room with a great view on the roofs of le Marais, the trendy district, close to cafés, restaurants, museums, galleries, boutiques, la Place des Vosges, la Seine, Notre Dame, la Bastille etc       In the heart of the historic Marais district, in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, this bed & breakfast is typically Parisian.  The building was build by the Marquis de Joyeuse in the 17th.  You will find everything you need right at hand. A 2-minute walk to the Place des Vosges, a 5-minute walk to the Place de la Bastille, and 20 minutes to Notre-Dame … All the streets nearby host lots of nice galleries, shops, stylists ateliers, cafés, restaurants, brasseries, wold level museums and lesser known places, just there for you to discover.   You can walk all day long as well as evenings as the district is quite safe.  You may meet casually movie actors, politicians, philosophs and opinions leaders.   Your hostess, Marie-Christine, will serve you an excellent 
34220	Appartement en plein coeur de Paris à proximité de tous les momuments et très bien désservi par les transports en commun	Appartement en plein coeur de Paris à proximité de tous les momuments et très bien désservi par les transports en commun appartement dans son intégralité: - cuisine - salle de bain - placards de rangement quartier très dynamique nombreuses terrasses et nombreux restaurants sorties possibles coeur de paris 10 minutes de la Tour Eiffel 10 minutes des Champs Elysées  RER A, B, D Metros (phone number hidden)
34221	The apartment (24 square meters) is on the 5th floor (without lift!) in a typical old parisian building. It is very luminous, cosy and quiet. L'appartement (24 mètres carrés) est au 4ème étage (sans ascenseur) dans un vieil immeuble typique parisien. Il est très lumineux, confortable et calme.	Bienvenu au coeur de Paris! The studio is located in Le Marais, in the very center of Paris and it has everything you need! 1 minute walk from the metro, 5 minutes from the river and 15 minutes from Notre Dame.
34222	The studio is ideal if you're visiting Paris. Nice room with traditional exposed beams, it offers a comfortable convertible bed with a real mattress suitable for two persons. The view is on a charming leafy (website hidden) and Internet are included	"Cute studio in a quiet neighborhood between the ""Village Saint Paul"", Bastille and the Seine river, in an old historical building. Ideally situated in an island of peace close to restaurants, bastille night life and transportation (metro..) in Paris The studio is ideal if you're visiting Paris. Nice room with traditional exposed beams, it offers a comfortable convertible bed with a real mattress suitable for two persons. The view is on a charming leafy (website hidden) and Internet are included It's a great neighborhood in Paris. The studio is located in a quiet street and in a less than 5 minutes walk you can access restaurants, bars, cafés: it's very animated whether it's the day or the night. Really close to the subway Métro St Paul : line 1 Métro Bastille : line 1 - 5 - 8 You can walk easily to the Bastille, Place des Vosges, Châtelet, rue de Rivoli"
34223	"Confortable et spacieux, cet appartement pour 4 personnes est unique : situé au coeur du quartier historique de Paris, donnant sur la Place de l'Hotel de Ville, avec vue directe sur Notre-Dame-de Paris, et proche Marais/Beaubourg ! Très bien agencé (une grande pièce à vivre et 2 chambres), ses 85 m2 vous offre un vaste séjour ensoleillé, avec l'Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame de Paris comme vue incroyable et seuls vis-à-vis. Equipé d'un grand canapé d'angle Roche-Bobois et d'un large écran plat, l'appartement se situe au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur) et possède un jolie cuisine équipée, 2 chambres (1 lit 160x200 + 2 lits 80x200), 1 baignoire, ainsi qu'un accès internet. Moulures au plafond et plancher en bois ancien, romantique à souhait, l'appartement ne manque pas de charme : très calme (double vitrage), très ensoleillé (plein sud) il est idéal pour goûter au vrai charme de la ""vie parisienne"", comme chez vous ! En bas, vous avez accès au Bazar de l'Hotel de Ville (grand magasin), aux bou"	Vue exceptionnelle, plein Marais, accès direct à Notre-Dame-de-Paris et Hotel-de-Ville, appartement plein sud, 1 grande pièce à vivre, appartement pour 4 personnes, 1 grande chambre avec 2 lits simples 80/200 + 1 chambre lit double 160/200 donnant sur cour intérieure, endroit calme, décoration design. Confortable et spacieux, cet appartement pour 4 personnes est unique : situé au coeur du quartier historique de Paris, donnant sur la Place de l'Hotel de Ville, avec vue directe sur Notre-Dame-de Paris, et proche Marais/Beaubourg ! Très bien agencé (une grande pièce à vivre et 2 chambres), ses 85 m2 vous offre un vaste séjour ensoleillé, avec l'Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame de Paris comme vue incroyable et seuls vis-à-vis. Equipé d'un grand canapé d'angle Roche-Bobois et d'un large écran plat, l'appartement se situe au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur) et possède un jolie cuisine équipée, 2 chambres (1 lit 160x200 + 2 lits 80x200), 1 baignoire, ainsi qu'un accès internet. Moulures au plafond et 
34224	Apartment located on the 1st floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured with two gates with door codes. The apartment has large French windows, the living-room and a bedroom overlook the Rue de Sévigné. The other bedroom and the dining-room gives on the back side of the building. The apartment is opposite a fire station but don’t worry about the truck siren, they don’t leave the building with the siren screaming, they turn it on when they are further away on Rivoli Street. It will therefore not be a nuisance ! You will have the pleasure to see the Saint Paul Church down the street.This 72 sqm apartment has four rooms with two separate bedrooms, a living-room and a dining-room. You will have the pleasure of living in a typical Parisian apartment with high ceilings, moldings, large French windows and hardwood floors. It will comfortably accommodate four people. The lobby serves first the living room, facing the street. It is equipped with two comfortable leather sofa	Charming 72 sqm 2-bedroom apartment for 4 people in Le Marais area in Paris. Typically French apartment with high ceilings, wooden floor, decorative marble chimney. Fantastic neighborhood, two steps away form Place des Vosges. 
34225	Beautiful and luminous 30m2 Parisian studio with a lovely mezzanine, balcony overlooking the Seine River with a large kitchen and a lot of closet space. 	Located in the heart of Paris : on the edge of the Seine River just next to Notre Dame. Mezzanine bed underneath a rooftop window with a charming balcony that overlooks the Seine. At night, enjoy the warm lights of passing boats. Ideal for couples! Beautiful and luminous 30m2 Parisian studio with a lovely mezzanine, balcony overlooking the Seine River with a large kitchen and a lot of closet space.  All of the kitchen and its equipment (plates, pots, pans, blender, orange juice presser, teapot) are free to be used. Towels, soap and shampoo are provided if needed. Blankets, pillows, sheets are provided. Everything in the apartment is free to be used! I will not be present during your stay. I will be easily reached by phone or email for any questions/concerns.  River-side cafés, authentic Parisian boulangeries, markets and shops are all accessible by foot within minutes. Historic Parisian landmarks are located within minutes' walk of the apartment : Notre Dame (just outside), Pantheon (5
34226	It's our appartement and we love it :).  It is located in the heart of Paris, on Metro Line 1 which is the most convenient line if you want to visit Paris. You can also visit many unavoidable monuments just by walk (Hotel de Ville is 30 seconds away, Centre Pompidou 2 minutes, Notre Dame 5 minutes, etc.)  There is one bedroom for two people and, in the living-room, there is a large sofa that can transform into a bed for two people.  We usually live in this flat, we are away for a few days so it's a very lively appartement. If you come by, please make sure to eat breakfast (or any other meal) on the balcony, the view is just amazing.  Caracteristics of the apartment:  60 m2 - 5th Floor (with Lift)  Sleeping arrangements:  1 Bed of 180 cm / 2 m in the bedroom   1 large sofa (convertible in bed) in the living room    One bathroom with towels and soap A small but very well-equiped kitchen	Our apartment (60sqm) has the typical charm of the old Parisian buildings in Le Marais. On top of that, you can't be more in the middle of Paris. Bonus : the balcony allows you to eat outside with a gorgeous view on Hotel de Ville and Notre Dame. It's our appartement and we love it :).  It is located in the heart of Paris, on Metro Line 1 which is the most convenient line if you want to visit Paris. You can also visit many unavoidable monuments just by walk (Hotel de Ville is 30 seconds away, Centre Pompidou 2 minutes, Notre Dame 5 minutes, etc.)  There is one bedroom for two people and, in the living-room, there is a large sofa that can transform into a bed for two people.  We usually live in this flat, we are away for a few days so it's a very lively appartement. If you come by, please make sure to eat breakfast (or any other meal) on the balcony, the view is just amazing.  Caracteristics of the apartment:  60 m2 - 5th Floor (with Lift)  Sleeping arrangements:  1 Bed of 180 cm / 2 m 
34227		Charming apartment facing Notre Dame, best location in Paris. Close to all the turistic spots in Paris, direct train to the Orly and CDG airports. 5 minutes walking to Hotel de Ville, Marais and St Michel. 
34228	Intérieur soigné, appartement lumineux, venez profitez en couple ou entre amis d'un logement tout confort disposant d'une chambre , d'un salon avec clic-clac et d'une cuisine américaine équipée.  	Situé au coeur de l'Ile de la Cité, à côté de Notre-Dame, cet adorable T2 sis au dernier étage est l'endroit idéal pour profiter des plus beaux quartiers parisiens à quelques pas.        Intérieur soigné, appartement lumineux, venez profitez en couple ou entre amis d'un logement tout confort disposant d'une chambre , d'un salon avec clic-clac et d'une cuisine américaine équipée.  Ascenseur, internet, balconets et calme absolu vous permettront de passer un séjour des plus agréables.    L'appartement est situé en plein coeur de Paris à côté de la cathédrale de Notre Dame , sur l'Ile de la Cité.  Il se trouve au croisement du 4ème ( le marais, l'Hôtel de Ville ), du 5ème ( Saint-Michel, le quartier latin), du 6ème ( Odéon , Saint-Germain des prés) et du 1er arrondissement ( Châtelet, le Louvre). Le quartier est vraiement idéal pour toutes les visites touristiques et la découverte des plus beaux monuments parisiens. Des cafés, restaurants et commerces sont accessibles en quelques minutes s
34229		Immeuble ancien, près de l'hôtel de ville, Seine, Notre Dame
34230	Spacious 28sqm studio with separate galley kitchen just a one minute walk from the stunning Notre Dame cathedral	Studio on Ile de la Cite, 50 metres from Notre Dame in a calm side street overlooking a leafy courtyard. Seperate fitted and well equipped kitchen. Modern bathroom with excellent shower. Suitable for two guests. 30 mins direct train to CDG and Orly. Spacious 28sqm studio with separate galley kitchen just a one minute walk from the stunning Notre Dame cathedral no shared amenities Guests will be met on check-in for a run through on keys and equipment in the studio. A contact number is available should there be any problems during the stay. It is quiet and yet in the heart of the vibrant 4th district of Paris. Notre Dame cathedral is only a few steps away. The famous Berthillon Ice-cream parlour is over the bridge on Ile Saint Louis and the nearest metro station is less than a 5 minute walk The closest metro station is less than a 5 minute walk away. The nearest bus stop is also close by. Minimum booking period is 5 nights.
34231	A Parisian dream- wake up to the bells of Saint Merri in the heart of the Marais.  Real two bedroom w/ terraces, double living with three french doors that open up to terrace, crown molding, w/ two full baths and brand new kitch all installed in 2014 Three marble fireplaces, 50 foot terrace, double living (60 meters squared), separate dining, two bedroom, two full bath, full kitchen, serene and bright, the most lovely space to indulge in the Parisian lifestyle. Huge plasma TV, Apple TV, SONOs speakers throughout apartment to play music through any phone, Fiber Optic WIFI, Apple Computer, marble bath, Washer and Dryer.  Apartment renovated and installed new kitchen and two bathrooms in January 2014:  EVERYTHING IS BRAND NEW  Full apartment and terrace  No Heart of Paris, two blocks from Notre Dame, Centre Pompidou and the Marais.  In a charming pedestrian square with no cars, or noise, just the bells of Notre Dames` sister, Saint Merri.  Filled with boulangeries, book stores, cafes, Ala	A Parisian dream- wake up to the bells of Saint Merri in the heart of the Marais.  Real two bedroom w/ terraces, double living with three french doors that open up to terrace, crown molding, w/ two full baths and brand new kitch all installed in 2014 A Parisian dream- wake up to the bells of Saint Merri in the heart of the Marais.  Real two bedroom w/ terraces, double living with three french doors that open up to terrace, crown molding, w/ two full baths and brand new kitch all installed in 2014 Three marble fireplaces, 50 foot terrace, double living (60 meters squared), separate dining, two bedroom, two full bath, full kitchen, serene and bright, the most lovely space to indulge in the Parisian lifestyle. Huge plasma TV, Apple TV, SONOs speakers throughout apartment to play music through any phone, Fiber Optic WIFI, Apple Computer, marble bath, Washer and Dryer.  Apartment renovated and installed new kitchen and two bathrooms in January 2014:  EVERYTHING IS BRAND NEW  Full apartment 
34232	"Very bright and NON SMOKING 30 m2 flat with 3 windows, in a  building listed ""interesting"" in the repertoire of historical monuments. One main room (old oak flooring), isolated WC, isolated kitchen and isolated bathroom too, (please look at the floor plan in the pictures).  1 double bed (200X140) and 1 sofa bed (190X140 ) . Both new and very comfortable. You can choose 3 types of pillows : thick, medium or thin.(if necessary, indicate your choice when booking)  Well equipped : TV, high speed WIFI, iron and iron board,... oven, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, washing machine (but not drying )....hair dryer ...(towels, soap and shampoo included ) . The cleaning price indicated does not include dish washing. NB : In july and August , booking  for more than 2 days may be required . NO SMOKING PLEASE"	"Paris Center, very bright flat up to 3 persons, 3rd floor of a secure building with ELEVATOR. Renovated in 2014. Direct view through 3 larges windows on the MUSEE CARNAVALET, built in 1538, Renaissance style. Easy access to all Paris monuments. Very bright and NON SMOKING 30 m2 flat with 3 windows, in a  building listed ""interesting"" in the repertoire of historical monuments. One main room (old oak flooring), isolated WC, isolated kitchen and isolated bathroom too, (please look at the floor plan in the pictures).  1 double bed (200X140) and 1 sofa bed (190X140 ) . Both new and very comfortable. You can choose 3 types of pillows : thick, medium or thin.(if necessary, indicate your choice when booking)  Well equipped : TV, high speed WIFI, iron and iron board,... oven, toaster, coffee maker, teapot, washing machine (but not drying )....hair dryer ...(towels, soap and shampoo included ) . The cleaning price indicated does not include dish washing. NB : In july and August , booking  for mo"
34233		Bel appartement, au cœur du MARAIS. A 2 minutes du métro St Paul, et de nombreux bus. Accès WIFI, chambre au calme sur cour, avec lit double (140cm x200cm), salon avec canapé-lit 2 places, écran plat, table à manger, Cuisine équipée, salle de bain
34234	Whether it is your first visit to Paris or you are a frequent visitor, you will instantly feel as though you are a part of the community- undoubtedly one of the greatest neighbourhoods of Paris.  This stylish Pied- A-Terre is located on the first floor of a beautiful land marked building, which offers amazing charm and character. It’s a retreat from the everyday, a pure, bright apartment that’s at once stylish yet cleverly neutral with exquisite detail .The daylight is plentiful, the floor plan free-flowing and the antiques all carefully chosen from the Marche Aux Puces.  The streets of Le Marais are a gastronomical triumph, with plenty of renowned eateries and charming cafés nearby. Dress up for Carette, your local salon de thé at the Place des Vosges, or explore the varied palette of antique and art shops of your arrondissement. When you head home, the warmth of the sandstone feature wall and the comfortable corner sofa will seem all the more cosy. Unfurl in the window seat and soak 	This apartment suits the hedonistic traveller that has enjoyed boutique hotels but now wants to experience a little more and live like a 'local,' in what is undoubtedly - one of the greatest neighborhoods in Paris. Whether it is your first visit to Paris or you are a frequent visitor, you will instantly feel as though you are a part of the community- undoubtedly one of the greatest neighbourhoods of Paris.  This stylish Pied- A-Terre is located on the first floor of a beautiful land marked building, which offers amazing charm and character. It’s a retreat from the everyday, a pure, bright apartment that’s at once stylish yet cleverly neutral with exquisite detail .The daylight is plentiful, the floor plan free-flowing and the antiques all carefully chosen from the Marche Aux Puces.  The streets of Le Marais are a gastronomical triumph, with plenty of renowned eateries and charming cafés nearby. Dress up for Carette, your local salon de thé at the Place des Vosges, or explore the varied
34235	Amazing 20sq.m  - 1st floor - appartament located in the very heart of the Marais district next to Centre George Pompidou, five minutes walk to Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame, 15 minutes from Louvre Museum. You will be involved in the amazing life of the Marais district, bar restaurants in the immediate neighborhood A small homemade guide with some tip for restaurants and sightseeing in the apartment  Artworks and pictures Composed of:  living room // double bed + american kitchen + dining corner + bathroom with shower / bathtube - washing machine  fully furnished and equipped Next to the mains transport axes of the city. Line 1 Metro following rue de Rivoli  (Gare de Lyon - Bastille - Marais - Louvre - Concorde - Champs Elysees..)  Plenty of Bus lines to St Germain - Tour Eiffel  Easy access from Gare de Lyon train Station (Metro Line 1) 45 min taxi from Roissy CDG and Orly Airport or by train RER B Enjoy! for more infos - contact -  (email hidden)	Amazing 20sq.m  - 1st floor - appartament located in the very heart of the Marais district next to Centre George Pompidou, five minutes walk to Hotel de Ville et Notre Dame, 15 minutes from Louvre Museum. You will be involved in the amazing life of the Marais district, bar restaurants in the immediate neighborhood A small homemade guide with some tip for restaurants and sightseeing in the apartment  Artworks and pictures Composed of:  living room // double bed + american kitchen + dining corner + bathroom with shower / bathtube - washing machine  fully furnished and equipped Next to the mains transport axes of the city. Line 1 Metro following rue de Rivoli  (Gare de Lyon - Bastille - Marais - Louvre - Concorde - Champs Elysees..)  Plenty of Bus lines to St Germain - Tour Eiffel  Easy access from Gare de Lyon train Station (Metro Line 1) 45 min taxi from Roissy CDG and Orly Airport or by train RER B Enjoy! for more infos - contact -  (email hidden)
34236		Confort et charme pour ce vaste espace  avec murs en pierres et poutres apparentes, chambre ouverte ou fermée, living comprenant un super canapé lit pour 2 personnes, cuisine de chef, double lavabo, douche italienne, coin télévision.  Cour fleurie.
34237	The apartment is in a neighborhood of Montmartre with a ready access to the rest of Paris. Remote and peaceful, yet in the vicinity of the night life, art and attractions of the rest of Paris. The apartment is walking distance to Sacre Coeur, Montmartre shops, museums, restaurants. 3 metro lines are waling distance to the heart of Paris. The street itself has three restaurants, supermarket, cafe, boulangerie. I interact with my guest as much as they need or as little as they need. I or Alain my manager in Paris is available all the time via email, phone or in person to answer questions, be of assistance as needed. Montmartre is a romantic getaway. On a hilltop, overviews Paris. Has it's on atmosphere with galleries, restaurants, cafes, hideouts, steps and lively squares. Paris has a Metro stop every 500m or 1000 feet. The apartment is in close vicinity of  3 subway lines, the 2, 4, and 12 lines. Making it an easy and quick ride to anywhere in Paris.  Close to the center yet a quiet apa	The apartment is in a neighborhood of Montmartre with a ready access to the rest of Paris. Remote and peaceful, yet in the vicinity of the night life, art and attractions of the rest of Paris. The apartment is walking distance to Sacre Coeur, Montmartre shops, museums, restaurants. 3 metro lines are waling distance to the heart of Paris. The street itself has three restaurants, supermarket, cafe, boulangerie. I interact with my guest as much as they need or as little as they need. I or Alain my manager in Paris is available all the time via email, phone or in person to answer questions, be of assistance as needed. Montmartre is a romantic getaway. On a hilltop, overviews Paris. Has it's on atmosphere with galleries, restaurants, cafes, hideouts, steps and lively squares. Paris has a Metro stop every 500m or 1000 feet. The apartment is in close vicinity of  3 subway lines, the 2, 4, and 12 lines. Making it an easy and quick ride to anywhere in Paris.  Close to the center yet a quiet apa
34238	If you like historical buildings, tiny little streets full of buzzing cafés and art galleries you will love our small, cosy, comfortable flat ! It is located in Le Marais, the most trendy and glamour district in Paris, in a peace and quiet little street, just few steps away from the Seine river. This is the perfect Parisian romantic retreat with one bedroom and one open kitchen under amazing 17th century exposed beams. History is all around here ! You will find lots of excellent food shops just down by the street. So you can either cook at home or you can go to one of the stunning restaurants and cafés. The flat is just walking distance from Place des Vosges where the great poet Victor Hugo used to live (you can visit his house). The Picasso Museum and Notre-Dame are also walking distance. There's a lot to see around because here you are, in the heart of Paris ! And Le Marais is the only district in Paris where shops are open on sunday. Le Marais is definitively the place to be ! Bon v	If you like historical buildings, tiny little streets full of buzzing cafés and art galleries you will love our small, cosy, comfortable flat ! It is located in Le Marais, the most trendy and glamour district in Paris, in a peace and quiet little street, just few steps away from the Seine river. This is the perfect Parisian romantic retreat with one bedroom and one open kitchen under amazing 17th century exposed beams. History is all around here ! You will find lots of excellent food shops just down by the street. So you can either cook at home or you can go to one of the stunning restaurants and cafés. The flat is just walking distance from Place des Vosges where the great poet Victor Hugo used to live (you can visit his house). The Picasso Museum and Notre-Dame are also walking distance. There's a lot to see around because here you are, in the heart of Paris ! And Le Marais is the only district in Paris where shops are open on sunday. Le Marais is definitively the place to be ! Bon v
34239	"Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais ""Old Paris"" nearby Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame.  A very charming 36 sqm apartment on the 4th Floor with all the confort you need."	"Saint Paul in the heart of the Marais ""Old Paris"" nearby Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Notre Dame.  A very charming 36 sqm apartment on the 4th Floor with all the confort you need. 4 sleeps  -A real bedrooms separated one to another. The bedroom includes a comfortable, full sized bed (double bed) and a couple of shelving for your clothes.  Two more adult can sleep on the sofa in the living room -A large living room with dining area,  -Fully equipped kitchen, washing machine coffee maker, and everything you might need to cook a full meal or entertain,  -Bathroom with bath (towels provided),  -WC  - High Speed wireless Internet You can always contact me if you need anything The location is just GREAT, you are at walking distance to most of the touristic attractions, luxury fashion shops, art galleries, great restaurants and transportations. You will love to live like a Parisian in a genuine Parisian apartment. Walking distance to River Seine, Ile St Louis, the Picasso Museum, Place "
34240	AMENITIES: - Breathtaking views across Paris and The River Seine - Open plan apartment with bedroom on upper level in mezzanine. - 5th floor no elevator - Washer and dryer, hairdryer, cable TV and free high-speed WIFI Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. The lower level of the apartment boasts a light and spacious living area with iconic Parisian beams on the ceiling with a dining area and comfortable sofas on which you can watch the flat screen television with mix of French, English and foreign language channels. This sofa pulls out into a sofa bed to provide a separate sleeping space if required. On this level there is also the separate toilet and cloakroom with a combined washer and tumble dryer for your convenience. The kitchen is fully equipped with a 4 burner electric cooker, refrigerator, toaster, dishwasher, oven, coffee maker, etc. Full sets of cutlery and c	Ile de la Cité - 4th Arrondissement Loft Apartment 1 Bedroom, 1 Living room, 1 Kitchen, 1 Bathroom, 1 Jacuzzi, Sleeps 3 AMENITIES: - Breathtaking views across Paris and The River Seine - Open plan apartment with bedroom on upper level in mezzanine. - 5th floor no elevator - Washer and dryer, hairdryer, cable TV and free high-speed WIFI Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. The lower level of the apartment boasts a light and spacious living area with iconic Parisian beams on the ceiling with a dining area and comfortable sofas on which you can watch the flat screen television with mix of French, English and foreign language channels. This sofa pulls out into a sofa bed to provide a separate sleeping space if required. On this level there is also the separate toilet and cloakroom with a combined washer and tumble dryer for your convenience. The kitchen is fully equipped
34241	Very beautiful building dating from the early 18th century with a very pretty interior courtyard. This is one of the Paris rental apartments located on the ground floor. It is very secure with two digicodes. In addition, a little further up the street there is a police station so safety should not be a worry, even if the Paris apartment is on the ground floor. Apartment to rent in Paris of very great standing and space of 45 m2. There is a large living room and a bedroom. The living room has a large settee convertible and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The furnishing is modern and brought to life with antique pieces, original art pieces and ancient accessories such as the ancient Chinese chest of drawers in the bedroom, the two African masks in the salon brought from Gabon Africa, the Mongol mask-of-slumber in the bedroom, the Vietnamese mirror of the soul which greets you at the entance ready to show your soul on its plain dark wood, the sculpture of the two camels carrying saddle	Luxury one-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris located just in front Notre Dame de Paris, on the Ile de la Cite. High quality furnishings with antiques and artwork throughout. Suitable for a couple or a family looking to rent in Paris. Very beautiful building dating from the early 18th century with a very pretty interior courtyard. This is one of the Paris rental apartments located on the ground floor. It is very secure with two digicodes. In addition, a little further up the street there is a police station so safety should not be a worry, even if the Paris apartment is on the ground floor. Apartment to rent in Paris of very great standing and space of 45 m2. There is a large living room and a bedroom. The living room has a large settee convertible and a table allowing 4 people to dine. The furnishing is modern and brought to life with antique pieces, original art pieces and ancient accessories such as the ancient Chinese chest of drawers in the bedroom, the two African masks in the sa
34242	Charming studio in the heart of Paris, next to the Cathedral of Notre Dame, with a sofa bed for 2 persons, kitchen, bathroom ... Possibility of an extra bed with a comfortable inflatable bed for kids and all the facilities for baby: cot, plastic tub, changing table, adapted dishes ... 	Charming studio in the heart of Paris, next to Notre-Dame, for 2 or 3 people with kitchen, bathroom ... and all the facilities for baby: cot, plastic tub, changing table ... Ideal access RER and Metro Charming studio in the heart of Paris, next to the Cathedral of Notre Dame, with a sofa bed for 2 persons, kitchen, bathroom ... Possibility of an extra bed with a comfortable inflatable bed for kids and all the facilities for baby: cot, plastic tub, changing table, adapted dishes ... Studio autonomously with kitchen and bathroom with shower and toilet. A few steps from the Ile Saint-Louis, the Latin Quarter, Boulevard Saint-Michel (metro and RER) station Cité (line 4) Metro station Hotel de Ville (lines 1 and 10) also close to Chatelet ... RER B direct to the Charles de Gaulle airport. In the center of Paris Ideal for a couple with a baby and/or child !
34243	This is truly a wonderful location in the City of Light. Your neighborhood, the Latin Quarter, is packed with bars, cafés, restaurants and shops, and it places you within easy walking distance of beautiful Notre Dame Cathedral and bustling Boulevard Saint Germain. To further explore the French capital, make good use of the metro station close to your accommodation. Your bright and modern studio offers everything you need for your vacations. Its living space communicates onto the open kitchen with breakfast bar, while the bed is separated from the rest of the apartment by a bookshelf. You can use the desk in front of the window if you need to work. You will also find an elegant bathroom with a bathtub where you can truly indulge yourself. c The building is located just on the bank of the Seine river (Quai de Montebello 75005 Paris), in one of the most typical and central areas of the city.	A wonderful and comfortable holiday awaits you in this apartment in Paris! This is truly a wonderful location in the City of Light. Your neighborhood, the Latin Quarter, is packed with bars, cafés, restaurants and shops, and it places you within easy walking distance of beautiful Notre Dame Cathedral and bustling Boulevard Saint Germain. To further explore the French capital, make good use of the metro station close to your accommodation. Your bright and modern studio offers everything you need for your vacations. Its living space communicates onto the open kitchen with breakfast bar, while the bed is separated from the rest of the apartment by a bookshelf. You can use the desk in front of the window if you need to work. You will also find an elegant bathroom with a bathtub where you can truly indulge yourself. c The building is located just on the bank of the Seine river (Quai de Montebello 75005 Paris), in one of the most typical and central areas of the city. I will be pleased to gi
34244		Situé en plein milieu de la rue des francs bourgeois, ce studio  sous les toits fera le bonheur d'un couple qui pourra profiter des commerces de proximité et boutiques ouverts tous les jours. Chaque pièce est séparée ce qui donne une impression de grand espace.  Metro saint Paul Rambuteau ou Bastille bus 69
34245		Lovely 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Paris on Ile de la Cité, and only 20 meters from Notre Dame Cathedral.  It's a great place to call home during your stay in Paris, and you can't be more central.  Bienvenue!
34246	2nd floor apartment without elevator in a 17ème century building. Large living room -35 m²- with a corner for 1 double-bed. Alcove with 2 bunk-beds.  Separate kitchen. Bathroom with shower. Sleeping for 4 people.	By the Seine river, nice loft like apartment -45 m²- on a green and quiet courtyard. Next to Notre Dame, Quartier Latin, and Marais. 2nd floor apartment without elevator in a 17ème century building. Large living room -35 m²- with a corner for 1 double-bed. Alcove with 2 bunk-beds.  Separate kitchen. Bathroom with shower. Sleeping for 4 people. The owner welcomes the guests when they arrive, then let the apartment at their disposal during the whole stay. Exchange can be considered. The apartment is right in the heart of Paris! Romantic walks on the  riverside, visits of Notre Dame, le Marais, le Quartier Latin.... From the airports, there is the RER: next to the apartment, the RER B station is Saint Michel - Notre Dame.  If you prefer travelling by bus, take Orlybus (down to Denfert) or Roissybus (down to Opéra), then the metro. The nearest metro stations are: Pont Marie (line 7), and Saint Paul (line 1) Free WIfi. Free callings. Bed linen and bath linen provided.
34247	"WHAT MAKES THIS YOUR FIRST CHOICE? - Perched on the top-floor (with a small elevator), your bright and airy flat is flooded with light from the living room window and opposite facing bedroom window. - Situated in a highly acclaimed central neighborhood, close to many sights, bistros, bars, farmers markets, strolling areas, and public transport options.   - Hosted by experienced, professional and and friendly people who will welcome you like a friend.  We've earned the Airbnb ""Superhost"" badge for this. - 1 block from the Seine river shoreline along which you'll find the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, the Louvre and Musee d'orsay, and the gracefully lit-bridges and historic Latin Quarter. LAYOUT and AMENITIES: - Bedroom(s): 1 separated bedroom with a queen-sized bed with high-quality sheets and pillows. - Spacious living-room area converts (if needed) to a 2nd bedroom at sleeping time with the sleeper sofa.  This is suitable for children. - Free high speed wi-fi internet access.  A plug adap"	"- contemporary, recently remodeled 1+ br in historic bldg. - top floor & lots of light! - in a highly-acclaimed, safe & central area - outstanding public transport options  - run by an Airbnb “Superhost” - great amenities (incl. wi-fi, TV, tel.) WHAT MAKES THIS YOUR FIRST CHOICE? - Perched on the top-floor (with a small elevator), your bright and airy flat is flooded with light from the living room window and opposite facing bedroom window. - Situated in a highly acclaimed central neighborhood, close to many sights, bistros, bars, farmers markets, strolling areas, and public transport options.   - Hosted by experienced, professional and and friendly people who will welcome you like a friend.  We've earned the Airbnb ""Superhost"" badge for this. - 1 block from the Seine river shoreline along which you'll find the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, the Louvre and Musee d'orsay, and the gracefully lit-bridges and historic Latin Quarter. LAYOUT and AMENITIES: - Bedroom(s): 1 separated bedroom with a"
34248	EN PLEIN CŒUR DU MARAIS AU PIED DES COMMERCES, TRANSPORTS ET LIEUX TOURISTIQUES UN BEAU STUDIO ENTIÈREMENT ÉQUIPÉ ET AMÉNAGÉ . IL EST COMPOSE D'UNE PIÈCE PRINCIPALE AVEC COIN CUISINE ÉQUIPÉE, RANGEMENTS, TV ET INTERNET PAR WIFI, SALLE DE BAINS AVEC WC. CLAIR ET CALME DONNANT SUR COUR ARBORÉE. QUARTIER ANIME, RESTAURANTS, CAFÉ, BOULANGERIES, MUSÉE, BAR ....  A PROXIMITÉ DU MÉTRO SAINT PAUL ET DES LIEUX TOURISTIQUES	BEAU STUDIO ENTIÈREMENT REFAIT A NEUF EN PLEIN CŒUR DU MARAIS  EN PLEIN CŒUR DU MARAIS AU PIED DES COMMERCES, TRANSPORTS ET LIEUX TOURISTIQUES UN BEAU STUDIO ENTIÈREMENT ÉQUIPÉ ET AMÉNAGÉ . IL EST COMPOSE D'UNE PIÈCE PRINCIPALE AVEC COIN CUISINE ÉQUIPÉE, RANGEMENTS, TV ET INTERNET PAR WIFI, SALLE DE BAINS AVEC WC. CLAIR ET CALME DONNANT SUR COUR ARBORÉE. QUARTIER ANIME, RESTAURANTS, CAFÉ, BOULANGERIES, MUSÉE, BAR ....  A PROXIMITÉ DU MÉTRO SAINT PAUL ET DES LIEUX TOURISTIQUES METRO SAINT PAUL QUARTIER BRANCHE, SHOPPING, RESTAURATION, ACTIVITÉS CULTURELLES
34249	The Ground Floor includes:  - The entry, a huge living room with a large sofa and two armchairs, coffee table, a library and is equipped with a TV with DVD player, an audio system . - The living room includes a dining area equipped with a dining table for 8 people. Fireplace, tasteful decor, high ceilings. Large window overlooking the courtyard. - The kitchen: large separate room but open to the livingroom. It contains a sink, oven,  hob 4 burners, a refrigerator-freezer equipment and appliances following: dishwasher, toaster, coffee maker, kettle and everything you need (cutlery, utensils) for cooking. A counter with high chairs - The Bedroom #1 with double bed with a connected bathroom with bathtub. dressing - WC separated on the ground floor. - a Laundry room with storage washing machine and dryer. At the top level  - The Bedroom # 2 with two single beds and ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower. dressing  - The Bedroom # 3 with a double bed and ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower a	Beautiful 140 m2 apartment, on ground floor, fully renovated with three bedrooms three bathrooms, overlooking a courtyard. Exceptional place quiet and secluded  The Ground Floor includes:  - The entry, a huge living room with a large sofa and two armchairs, coffee table, a library and is equipped with a TV with DVD player, an audio system . - The living room includes a dining area equipped with a dining table for 8 people. Fireplace, tasteful decor, high ceilings. Large window overlooking the courtyard. - The kitchen: large separate room but open to the livingroom. It contains a sink, oven,  hob 4 burners, a refrigerator-freezer equipment and appliances following: dishwasher, toaster, coffee maker, kettle and everything you need (cutlery, utensils) for cooking. A counter with high chairs - The Bedroom #1 with double bed with a connected bathroom with bathtub. dressing - WC separated on the ground floor. - a Laundry room with storage washing machine and dryer. At the top level  - The Be
34250	Newly refurbish By famous parisian designer, this apartment gives you all last feature and confort in a classic Parisian hold building. 	Notre Dame Paris- Luxury 103 M² Apartment: 2BR/2bth/ + Sofa bed / 5 People. Ile de la Cite, Paris Notre Dame, 4th arrondissement, center of Paris.  This 110 m² contemporary getaway was recently gutted and remodelled to be functional yet aesthetic.  Newly refurbish By famous parisian designer, this apartment gives you all last feature and confort in a classic Parisian hold building.  International free calls , high speed wifi, international TV all free include in your price.  I leave in Sydney. The concierge company will manage everything for me as they do for 7 years Very Very Quiet building . only Landlord occupy this building. need to respect the quiet and tranquility of this special parisian area. it looks no noise, no cars ( some but rare)  Metro, RER ( train) taxi, less 150 ml Restaurants, coffees, grocer, shops, all around.  Try Berthillon 29-31 Rue Saint-Louis en l'Île, 75004 Paris, France Best Ice-cream  Last renters comments : ***** Great location and great for family of 5 The
34251	Il est un endroit superbe pour un accès facile aux monuments. Paris est une ville qui a tant à voir et à faire, et si peu de temps, parfois vous voudrez utiliser le métro ou le bus et à cet égard. Plusieurs arrêts de bus et une station de métro à 200 m pour aller partout dans la ville rapidement.	LOGEMENT AVEC MEZZANINE. 55 m² Magnifique loft au deuxième étage d'un immeuble en pierre de Paris sans ascenseur, avec code de sécurité. Entièrement équipé, parquet dans les pièces à vivre, carrelage dans la cuisine et la salle de bains. Cuisin Il est un endroit superbe pour un accès facile aux monuments. Paris est une ville qui a tant à voir et à faire, et si peu de temps, parfois vous voudrez utiliser le métro ou le bus et à cet égard. Plusieurs arrêts de bus et une station de métro à 200 m pour aller partout dans la ville rapidement. Metro, RER, BUS à proximité.
34252	Beautiful 400 sq. feet apartment located in the heart of the Marais.  It is located a few steps away from the Place des Vosges (4th arrondissement).  It has exposed beams, wooden floors and is on the top floor so it benefits from a great view and a lot of light. It was recently renovated and is equipped with all the modern appliances/amenities (washing and drying machines, shower, cable TV, WiFi, refrigerator, oven, IPod sound system, microwave, etc).  The neighborhood of the Marais is now one of the most fashionable in all of Paris and is very centrally located. The apartment is only a few steps from the St-Paul metro station and is walking distance to all of the major sights in Paris except the Eiffel tower and Montmartre.  The rental price is 875 euros/week. 140 euros/day if rental of less than a week. 4 days minimum stay. 110 euros per night if last minute.  P.S. See also our other listing in the Marais.  Charmant appartement au coeur du Marais à louer pour de courtes durées (4 jrs	Our apartment is quite simply the best pied-à-terre you could ever dream of. Amazing location, views on the roofs of Paris and a quiet square. Quiet yet at the center of it all in the most romantic area of Paris: le Marais.  Beautiful 400 sq. feet apartment located in the heart of the Marais.  It is located a few steps away from the Place des Vosges (4th arrondissement).  It has exposed beams, wooden floors and is on the top floor so it benefits from a great view and a lot of light. It was recently renovated and is equipped with all the modern appliances/amenities (washing and drying machines, shower, cable TV, WiFi, refrigerator, oven, IPod sound system, microwave, etc).  The neighborhood of the Marais is now one of the most fashionable in all of Paris and is very centrally located. The apartment is only a few steps from the St-Paul metro station and is walking distance to all of the major sights in Paris except the Eiffel tower and Montmartre.  The rental price is 875 euros/week. 140
34253		Charming studio in the heart of Le Marais district. One of the trendiest places in Paris.  A 5-minute walk from the Saint Paul station in the heart of a living (cafes, restaurant, shops, markets ...), Close to the Place des Vosges, village Saint Paul
34254	"appartement de 40 m2 ground floor , very quiet street just behind the ""place des Vosges"" (1 minute walk)"	"Apartment 40m2;  ground floor, in a little street very quiet just behind the ""place des vosges"". the most famous place in Paris.  there is a loft bed for 2 and a sofa bed for 2 under the mezzanine (+ baby cot) + one sofa bed for 1 in living room appartement de 40 m2 ground floor , very quiet street just behind the ""place des Vosges"" (1 minute walk)"
34255	The Check-out time is at 10am, however, the owner might be flexible upon request. The living room area is the main living space in the apartment. We have tried to think of everything you might need on your vacation, including WiFi; a telephone with free international calling to many destinations: flat-screen TV with a few English news channels; a sofa which opens up into a high-quality sofabed suitable for up to two adults; a selection of guidebooks about Paris; and a stereo system with iPhone/iPod charger. The apartment is situated on the first floor (1st floor) on the courtyard side of the building, and the apartment building has two coded security doors. The apartment building has no elevator, but we can arrange for help with your luggage upon your arrival. Many buildings in the Marais neighborhood do not have elevators because the buildings are too old and the staircase areas are too narrow for the addition of an elevator. We like to think of taking the stairs as a way to work off 	Come stay on rue Francois Miron, a street whose Parisian charm is indisputable!  With everything you might want from culinary treats, shopping and the river Seine at your doorstep.  The Check-out time is at 10am, however, the owner might be flexible upon request. The living room area is the main living space in the apartment. We have tried to think of everything you might need on your vacation, including WiFi; a telephone with free international calling to many destinations: flat-screen TV with a few English news channels; a sofa which opens up into a high-quality sofabed suitable for up to two adults; a selection of guidebooks about Paris; and a stereo system with iPhone/iPod charger. The apartment is situated on the first floor (1st floor) on the courtyard side of the building, and the apartment building has two coded security doors. The apartment building has no elevator, but we can arrange for help with your luggage upon your arrival. Many buildings in the Marais neighborhood do no
34256	"STANDING Traditional building of the Marais with the wonderful charm of the beams and the staircases. The apartment rental in Paris is located on the fifth and last floor, without any ""vis à vis"", with a sight onto the roofs of Paris. As is the case with most of the buildings in the Marais, there is no elevator. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 45 m2 made up of a large living room (25/30m2) with South/East exposure that ensures plenty of light. The pieces of furniture are very high quality. A sofa bed (two people) will make it possible to accomodate two additional guests. A round table with an extension makes it possible to have dinners for 8 people. The bedroom is small but very calm, looking onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath-tub and a washing machine. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. A well located apartment to rent in Paris that you should not miss."	"You will love the district that this Paris rental is in, as it is very multicultural, with the Parisians of the Marais appreciating foreigners and visitors and many able to speak English. A perfect setting from which to explore Paris.    STANDING Traditional building of the Marais with the wonderful charm of the beams and the staircases. The apartment rental in Paris is located on the fifth and last floor, without any ""vis à vis"", with a sight onto the roofs of Paris. As is the case with most of the buildings in the Marais, there is no elevator. LAYOUT Paris vacation apartment of 45 m2 made up of a large living room (25/30m2) with South/East exposure that ensures plenty of light. The pieces of furniture are very high quality. A sofa bed (two people) will make it possible to accomodate two additional guests. A round table with an extension makes it possible to have dinners for 8 people. The bedroom is small but very calm, looking onto a courtyard. The bathroom has a bath-tub and a washi"
34257	The flat is 36m2 and comprises a small bedroom but with a kingsize bed, a living room facing east with a view on a temple, a well-equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave), a bathroom with walk-in shower and separate toilets. At your disposal : WIFI, washing machine, guides of Paris. I also provide you with sheets and towels for a week and other basic necessities. The flat is in a clean, safe building. The building itself is part of a former convent!	Hello and welcome to Paris! My flat is a fully-furnished 1-bedroom, ideally located in Bastille, two minutes from Place des Vosges and l'Ile Saint Louis, available for rent short-term.  It is Ideal for a single person or a couple!   The flat is 36m2 and comprises a small bedroom but with a kingsize bed, a living room facing east with a view on a temple, a well-equipped kitchen (dishwasher, oven, microwave), a bathroom with walk-in shower and separate toilets. At your disposal : WIFI, washing machine, guides of Paris. I also provide you with sheets and towels for a week and other basic necessities. The flat is in a clean, safe building. The building itself is part of a former convent! It is a 2min walk to Bastille metro (lines 1, 5, and 8) and a velib station. It is close to all kinds of shops, bars, restaurants and one of the best food markets of Paris (thursday and sunday mornings).I've lived in Paris for a few years now, and since I like exploring my city, I can recommend you quite f
34258		the heart of the historic Marais district which is one of the most fashionable areas of the world, near the Saint Louis Island (4th district), I offer you a charming apartment of 35 square meters with: sleeps 4 - Two real field of beds separate from each other. The beds are very comfortable full size beds (double bed). - A lounge area with coffee table and two small sofas. - Fully equipped kitchen, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, hob and everything you might need to cook a full meal. - Luxurious bathroom with shower (towels provided), toilet. - Wireless Internet Broadband, Cable TV The location is just great, you're within walking distance of most tourist attractions, luxury fashion boutiques, art galleries, museums, excellent restaurants and transport tunnels. You will love to live like a real Parisian in a Parisian apartment. Within walking distance of the Seine, Ile St Louis, the Picasso Museum, Place des Vosges, the Centre Georges Pommpidou and Notre Dame de Paris. Surrou
34259	A charming apartment with a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. Wifi access, TV In the typical area of Paris: Le Marais Quite neighborhood next to restaurants,bars,monuments. Subway: Line 1: Louvre, Champs Elysées, Hôtel de Ville, Tuileries, Concorde Line 8: République, Grand Boulevards Line 7: China Town,  Line 5	Charming apartment located in the Marais, heart of Paris, next to place des Vosges.  In front of a beautiful little place with typical Parisian restaurants. Ideally located between  Bastille, Hôtel de Ville and île St louis. A real Parisian experience! It is equipped with wifi, TV, microwave/oven, bath... A charming apartment with a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchen. Wifi access, TV In the typical area of Paris: Le Marais Quite neighborhood next to restaurants,bars,monuments. Subway: Line 1: Louvre, Champs Elysées, Hôtel de Ville, Tuileries, Concorde Line 8: République, Grand Boulevards Line 7: China Town,  Line 5 Wifi Do not miss: Place des Vosges, rue des francs bourgeois, musée Picasso, musée carnavalet, Bastille market on sunday, rue des rosiers, an ice-cream at Berthillon on île st louis Ligne 1 St Paul  Ligne 8 ou 5 Bastille  Ligne 7 Pont Marie No pet
34260	"Open airy loft space in the heart of the Marais, comfortable for two people  A spacious one-bedroom 750 sq. ft. loft style apartment with 12 ft. ceilings, decorated in chic Mid-Century Modern furniture and sleeps two people in a Queen size bed. Amenities include washer/dryer, 16"" flat screen TV, dishwasher, internet connection/Wifi and free long distance calls to the U.S.  The apartment is located on the second floor with a large elevator. all rooms of apartment and courtyard garden  someone will greet you and show you & familiarize you with the apartment & will take you on brief tour of neighborhood to acquaint your with shops, restaurants, etc  One of the best & loved neighborhoods in Paris with everything at your doorstep. Amazing food shops including a butcher, bakery, seafood store, wine shop, cheese shop, and supermarket outside your door. Also tons of cafes restaurants , historical buildings, and some of the best designer boutique shopping in Paris. Also home of the top contempo"	"Modern loft style  Paris apartment in the heart of the Marais near St. Paul metro. Luxurious one bedroom with mid-century modern furniture in one of the most desirable areas of Paris with shopping, food, restaurants,  & art galleries at your doorstep Open airy loft space in the heart of the Marais, comfortable for two people  A spacious one-bedroom 750 sq. ft. loft style apartment with 12 ft. ceilings, decorated in chic Mid-Century Modern furniture and sleeps two people in a Queen size bed. Amenities include washer/dryer, 16"" flat screen TV, dishwasher, internet connection/Wifi and free long distance calls to the U.S.  The apartment is located on the second floor with a large elevator. all rooms of apartment and courtyard garden  someone will greet you and show you & familiarize you with the apartment & will take you on brief tour of neighborhood to acquaint your with shops, restaurants, etc  One of the best & loved neighborhoods in Paris with everything at your doorstep. Amazing food "
34261	200 €/n 1250€/ w 3000€/ month for more than a month This beautiful one-bedroom (50 sq meters-540 sq feet) is centrally located on, rue St Paul, in the heart of antiques and shopping neighborhood (Village St Paul). The 17th century building has a wonderful front door entrance, lovely garden courtyard, easy access with an elevator and is very safe.  This apartment is on third floor looking into a garden courtyard and has just been fully renovated by a designer with a focus on maximizing comfort and charm. There is a large living area with charming wood beams and a double sofa bed. There is a new flat screen TV with many channels, Hifi, phone and Internet access. A separate kitchen is complete with all utensils and  modern appliances (micro wave, stove, fridge, freezer, oven, coffee maker, toaster, dishwasher, washer dryer) Large separate bedroom has a desk area . The beautiful bathroom has a shower and a bathtub with hairdryer and separate WC.  Extras include a fan, iron and ironing boar	This beautiful one-bedroom (50 sq meters-540 sq feet) is centrally located on, rue St Paul, in the heart of antiques and shopping neighborhood (Village St Paul). The 17th century building has a wonderful front door entrance, lovely garden courtyard, 200 €/n 1250€/ w 3000€/ month for more than a month This beautiful one-bedroom (50 sq meters-540 sq feet) is centrally located on, rue St Paul, in the heart of antiques and shopping neighborhood (Village St Paul). The 17th century building has a wonderful front door entrance, lovely garden courtyard, easy access with an elevator and is very safe.  This apartment is on third floor looking into a garden courtyard and has just been fully renovated by a designer with a focus on maximizing comfort and charm. There is a large living area with charming wood beams and a double sofa bed. There is a new flat screen TV with many channels, Hifi, phone and Internet access. A separate kitchen is complete with all utensils and  modern appliances (micro wa
34262	"It is a sunny appartment on the fifth floor of a Haussmanien building located on ""Le Marais"" district. An elevator takes you up to the 5th floor. The main original haussmanien architecture has been kept but modernized it in some rooms. There is a very large living room located on the corner of 2 streets with 7 french windows and a kitchen opened onto the living room.  The appartment is 110 square meter, has very long balcony (safe for children), a fire place, and a ""bureau"" room with internet, TV and books. The master bedroom is equiped with a small open bathroom. And the 3 children bedrooms are small but each one has a french window. They also have a shared bathroom. The 3 kid bedrooms are equiped with mezzanine beds. One is equiped with 2 single mattress, another has a mattress of 140cm large, the last one has a single mattress."	"It is a sunny 110 sqm appartment on the fifth floor of a Haussmanien building located on ""Le Marais"" district. Lift, 4 bedrooms, kitchen is opened to a very large living room, bureau, many french windows (all double glazing) and a long balcony. It is a sunny appartment on the fifth floor of a Haussmanien building located on ""Le Marais"" district. An elevator takes you up to the 5th floor. The main original haussmanien architecture has been kept but modernized it in some rooms. There is a very large living room located on the corner of 2 streets with 7 french windows and a kitchen opened onto the living room.  The appartment is 110 square meter, has very long balcony (safe for children), a fire place, and a ""bureau"" room with internet, TV and books. The master bedroom is equiped with a small open bathroom. And the 3 children bedrooms are small but each one has a french window. They also have a shared bathroom. The 3 kid bedrooms are equiped with mezzanine beds. One is equiped with 2 sing"
34263	"Area: Le Marais - historic center of the city  Nearby Neighborhood: Ile Saint-Louis - Place des Vosges. Our big apartment is located on the the 5th floor with lift in an ancient parisian building in a very safe and familial neighborhood as we are on the same street as the main police station of the Marais. We are at 2 minute walk from the metro Bastille.   The rooms are big and full of light with ""antique parquet"", chimneys and a huge balcony with a view on the ""génie de la Bastille"" ! You'll sleep quietly in our double living room of 35 m2. There is a simple bed and a double ""sofa-bed"".  The children bedroom has 3 separate beds. The parental bedroom is not available.  The apartment is decorated with a lot of taste, a mix of modern and classic style that functions really nicely in Parisian apartments. There is general feeling of peacefulness which is great after a day visiting the delights of Paris. Very close, the port de l’Arsenal is a true little port found at the heart of Paris, un"	"Come in our large flat while we are out for the week-end or in holidays. Ideally located near the Marais, the river Seine, very calm and close to the metro bastille. You'll have 80m2 for you all, and will love your stay home !  Area: Le Marais - historic center of the city  Nearby Neighborhood: Ile Saint-Louis - Place des Vosges. Our big apartment is located on the the 5th floor with lift in an ancient parisian building in a very safe and familial neighborhood as we are on the same street as the main police station of the Marais. We are at 2 minute walk from the metro Bastille.   The rooms are big and full of light with ""antique parquet"", chimneys and a huge balcony with a view on the ""génie de la Bastille"" ! You'll sleep quietly in our double living room of 35 m2. There is a simple bed and a double ""sofa-bed"".  The children bedroom has 3 separate beds. The parental bedroom is not available.  The apartment is decorated with a lot of taste, a mix of modern and classic style that functio"
34264	Your private room is located in an bright and comfortable appartment. Vintage atmosphere for your room of 16m. 1 double bed, a big closet with a private entrance.	Design and luxurious apartment ideally located in Le Marais (Paris 4e). The kitchen is equipped, the bathroom is big and count with a bath top. It is the perfect room for 1 person or a couple. Near metro Bastille, Sully and Quai de la Râpée Your private room is located in an bright and comfortable appartment. Vintage atmosphere for your room of 16m. 1 double bed, a big closet with a private entrance.
34265	Room available into a 3 bedrooms flat, 81m² with a living room and an opened kitchen, very nice for socializing every time. Located at the 5th floor with stairs only (good for doing sport without doing sport). In the bathroom, you could have shower or bath, up to you, we have both option. You will be welcomed by one of the 3 boys. We are all friends for many years now, working in different areas (marketing, consulting, medicine). The best of this flat : the sunny balcony with a the most handsome view !!	Room (double bed) available in a friendly and quiet flat in the middle of Paris, in front of the Tour Saint Jacques, view on the Conciergerie and many buildings from the sunny balcony Easy access (Châtelet) / great location and very convenient Room available into a 3 bedrooms flat, 81m² with a living room and an opened kitchen, very nice for socializing every time. Located at the 5th floor with stairs only (good for doing sport without doing sport). In the bathroom, you could have shower or bath, up to you, we have both option. You will be welcomed by one of the 3 boys. We are all friends for many years now, working in different areas (marketing, consulting, medicine). The best of this flat : the sunny balcony with a the most handsome view !! Kitchen, living room, bathroom and balcony. Most part of the time, there is one of us (3 roomates) staying at the flat, so you will have the opportunity to share and interact if you want. The neighborhood will match all your expectations : you wil
34266	Nice quiet room with private shower and toilet to reserve in the heart of Paris in a beautiful gated 8 floors in a very quiet and in the heart of the most beautiful districts of Paris, near the banks of the Seine and 3 minutes walk from Bastille and Opera Bastille, 10 minutes walk from the Ile Saint Louis and marshes. Nice apartment of 90m ² very clean and tidy, the room of 12m ² courtyard has a small terrace, the bed for 2 people (160 of 200cm) and how to keep your belongings, a beautiful decoration lime green and raspberry, a wooden ground. Guests can enjoy breakfast before going to your long walks in the city of lights, a bathroom with shower and private toilet, shower towels provided, and sheets provided. You have your independence in the apartment! Ideally located the heart of Paris with all amenities, bus and subway within 3 minutes walk and bike rental and autolib 2mn 5 minutes. The apartment is very central: the Ile St Louis is one of the most beautiful parts of Paris, and is o	Nice quiet room with private shower and toilet to reserve in the heart of Paris in a beautiful gated 8 floors in a very quiet and in the heart of the most beautiful districts of Paris, near the banks of the Seine and 3 minutes walk from Bastille and Opera Bastille, 10 minutes walk from the Ile Saint Louis and marshes. Nice apartment of 90m ² very clean and tidy, the room of 12m ² courtyard has a small terrace, the bed for 2 people (160 of 200cm) and how to keep your belongings, a beautiful decoration lime green and raspberry, a wooden ground. Guests can enjoy breakfast before going to your long walks in the city of lights, a bathroom with shower and private toilet, shower towels provided, and sheets provided. You have your independence in the apartment! Ideally located the heart of Paris with all amenities, bus and subway within 3 minutes walk and bike rental and autolib 2mn 5 minutes. The apartment is very central: the Ile St Louis is one of the most beautiful parts of Paris, and is o
34267	Wonderful apartment in a listed building of 18 century. The apartment has been completely rebuilt in 2012 with high quality services. Located in the courtyard of the historic building, it is bright and very quiet. The apartment is a ground floor up like a house. The building is with secure access at night, will offer a safe haven in a busy place. The accommodation features: -a large living room (35m2) with fully equipped kitchen, TV LED 102 cm, cable TV network, high speed internet wifi. Ceiling height of 3.40 m with exposed beams. -a room of 15 m2 equipped with a double bed of 1.60 m and 102cm LED TVs connected to cable network. -a second bedroom with a double bed of 1.40 m. The beds are new and upscale. -bathroom with walk-in shower, heated towel rail and hairdryer. -toilet. The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Marais: Le Marais is a lovely district that is home of many museums. It was the headquarters of the Nobility in the XVIIth. Today the area offers many opportu	Wonderful apartment in a listed building of 18 century. The apartment has been completely rebuilt in 2012 with high quality services. Located in the courtyard of the historic building, it is bright and very quiet. The apartment is a ground floor up like a house. The building is with secure access at night, will offer a safe haven in a busy place. The accommodation features: -a large living room (35m2) with fully equipped kitchen, TV LED 102 cm, cable TV network, high speed internet wifi. Ceiling height of 3.40 m with exposed beams. -a room of 15 m2 equipped with a double bed of 1.60 m and 102cm LED TVs connected to cable network. -a second bedroom with a double bed of 1.40 m. The beds are new and upscale. -bathroom with walk-in shower, heated towel rail and hairdryer. -toilet. The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Marais: Le Marais is a lovely district that is home of many museums. It was the headquarters of the Nobility in the XVIIth. Today the area offers many opportu
34268		Au cœur du Marais, vous pourrez profiter de cette chambre spacieuse (15m2) et lumineuse ainsi que des pièces communes de l'appartement, idéalement situé.  Musées, commerces, bars, restaurants et transports sont à proximité immédiate. La situation de cet appartement permet de profiter directement de Beaubourg, Etienne Marcel, du Marais et des arrondissements centraux (1,2,3,4).  Sont accessibles à pieds en 20 minutes maximum Notre Dame de Paris, l'Ile Saint Louis, Saint Germain des Près, les Tuileries, la pyramide du Louvre mais aussi la place de la Bastille et le Canal Saint Martin.  Il vous suffira de 10 à 15 minutes en métro pour rejoindre les autres lieux incontournables de Paris. Les stations de métro Châtelet, Les Halles, Etienne Marcel, Rambuteau, Hotel de Ville et Réaumur-Sébastopol accessible en 5 minutes maximum. Lit d'appoint disponible si besoin est.
34269	One word : exclusivity. A VIP place in Paris for a unique Parisian experience ! Premium location in Ile St Louis near the best Japanese restaurant in Paris, many bar and restaurant and famous Bertillon ice-cream, and oustanding features. This apartment is so exceptionnal that it has been published in many decoration magazine all around the world.  Smoking inside will not be allowed and extra care is required for the furnitures. This 220 sqm (2400 sq Feets) loft has been entirely remodeled by a talented designer for a VIP owner.  It is provided with full air conditionning wich is extremely rare in the Island because external units are not allowed. The place is in a courtyard of a 17th century building with High-end decoration with collector’s furniture from the most iconic 1950 ‘s French’s designer. Charlotte Perriand - Jean Prouvé - Corbusier - Christian Liaigre. The place is very quite and totally secured. The features itself are outstanding with high end furnitures, equipments and de	"    Fabulous loft entirely remodeled from a former carriage house. The coments of its famous owner is a summary of the place: ""I didn't think a thing like this would exist on Ile Saint Louis. Calm, plenitude and nothing to create visual pollution here!    One word : exclusivity. A VIP place in Paris for a unique Parisian experience ! Premium location in Ile St Louis near the best Japanese restaurant in Paris, many bar and restaurant and famous Bertillon ice-cream, and oustanding features. This apartment is so exceptionnal that it has been published in many decoration magazine all around the world.  Smoking inside will not be allowed and extra care is required for the furnitures. This 220 sqm (2400 sq Feets) loft has been entirely remodeled by a talented designer for a VIP owner.  It is provided with full air conditionning wich is extremely rare in the Island because external units are not allowed. The place is in a courtyard of a 17th century building with High-end decoration with coll"
34270	L' appartement est très haut de plafond avec des murs en pierre et des poutres apparentes. La chambre à coucher possède un grand lit pour 2 personnes, et un lit en mezzanine , ainsi qu'un beau placard  Le salon, très convivial,  est équippé d'un grand canapé lit pour 2 personnes  d'une table repas ronde avec 4 chaises et d'un coin TV avec internet illimité  La cuisine est équipée d'un lave linge séchant, d'une plaque électrique, d'un refrigérateur d'un four micro ondes et de tout le matériel nécessaire pour cuisiner et prendre ses repas  La salle de douche contient une grande douche, un lavabo, et les wc  	L' appartement est très haut de plafond avec des murs en pierre et des poutres apparentes. La chambre à coucher possède un grand lit pour 2 personnes, et un lit en mezzanine , ainsi qu'un beau placard  Le salon, très convivial,  est équippé d'un grand canapé lit pour 2 personnes  d'une table repas ronde avec 4 chaises et d'un coin TV avec internet illimité  La cuisine est équipée d'un lave linge séchant, d'une plaque électrique, d'un refrigérateur d'un four micro ondes et de tout le matériel nécessaire pour cuisiner et prendre ses repas  La salle de douche contient une grande douche, un lavabo, et les wc   Le Marais historique est un quartier extraordinaire où se cotoient les galeries d'art, les boutiques les plus inattendues , de merveilleux petits restaurants , et une population parisienne et cosmopolite .S'y promener à pied et s'arrêter ça et là , au gré de ses envies permet de goûter tout le charme de ce quartier  métro ligne 1 St Paul ou Hotel de Ville  RER B à proximité 
34271		Au cœur du Marais, beau studio en duplex, au 1er étage d'un charmant immeuble ancien sans ascenseur : entrée, séjour avec coin cuisine équipé et aménagé, salle de douches avec W.C., chambre en mezzanine avec lit 2 places. Un petit cocon parisien !
34272	Situated in a quiet street on St. Louis Island, this cozy studio is at the 3rd floor (with elevator) of an elegant building. A sleeping loft low ceiling allows to separate the day and the night areas. A big window facing an internal peaceful court brings a lot of light in the apartment and the cleaver use of every space allows a great liveableness. It can sleep maximum 3 people, 2 in the sleeping loft and 1 in a comfortable sofa-bed in the living room. Area An island in the heart of the city: probably the most romantic place of Paris! Next to Notre Dame, just few steps from the main Parisian museums and sights and surrounded by the oldest and most charming neighborhoods of the capital, the Ile Saint Louis is connected to both banks of the river Seine by 6 bridges and is the ideal place for peaceful walks along the river and for lively summer picnics.  At a walking distance from interesting monuments and museums, it is possible to see in this area many houses dating from the 17th centur	Situated in a quiet street on St. Louis Island, this cozy studio is at the 3rd floor (with elevator) of an elegant building. A sleeping loft low ceiling allows to separate the day and the night areas. A big window facing an internal peaceful court brings a lot of light in the apartment and the cleaver use of every space allows a great liveableness. It can sleep maximum 3 people, 2 in the sleeping loft and 1 in a comfortable sofa-bed in the living room. Area An island in the heart of the city: probably the most romantic place of Paris! Next to Notre Dame, just few steps from the main Parisian museums and sights and surrounded by the oldest and most charming neighborhoods of the capital, the Ile Saint Louis is connected to both banks of the river Seine by 6 bridges and is the ideal place for peaceful walks along the river and for lively summer picnics.  At a walking distance from interesting monuments and museums, it is possible to see in this area many houses dating from the 17th centur
34273	3 meters under the roof, just next to the Seine, perfect to have a romantic drink looking at the sunshine in front of notre dame. True parisian expérience.	Large and luminous studio along the Seine. Localised between the Marais, Bastille, and notre dame de Paris. Close to 3 metro lines and 2 train stations (Gare de Lyon and Gare d'Austerlitz). The bed is a sofa bed (a good one). 3 meters under the roof, just next to the Seine, perfect to have a romantic drink looking at the sunshine in front of notre dame. True parisian expérience. Books, kitchen, washing machine, computer, wifi, internet Phone, mail Marais, Bastille, st michel, île de la cité, notre dame... Perfectly localised. Metro 7, 1 or 5 / train at gare Austerlitz or Gare de Lyon / rer c
34274	Studio of  20 m² on the 3th floor while sunny and quiet comfort, including a main room with a double sofa bed and 2 wagon lit, a kitchenette, bathroom with shower, safe with digital lock. Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district, 2 minutes from metro 1 St. Paul, ranked near all the monuments and museums. Access to parks, museums, typical restaurants.	Studio of  20 m² on the 3th floor while sunny and quiet comfort, including a main room with a double sofa bed and 2 wagon lit, a kitchenette, bathroom with shower, safe with digital lock. Exceptional location in the heart of Paris, in the Marais district, 2 minutes from metro 1 St. Paul, ranked near all the monuments and museums. Access to parks, museums, typical restaurants.
34275	One of the most attractive areas in Paris. You will stay on the island Ile Saint-Louis which is located in the Seine river inbetween the trendy Marais and the more classy Saint Germain.	A lovely, bright appartment with a lot of space located at the beautiful Ile Saint-Louis in the 4th arrondissement in Paris. The appartment is newley renovated with fully equiped kitchen and bathroom. Easy access to metro, buses and RER (airport). One of the most attractive areas in Paris. You will stay on the island Ile Saint-Louis which is located in the Seine river inbetween the trendy Marais and the more classy Saint Germain. Access to all the utilities and linen are clean and fresh at arrival. One of the most fashionable areas in Paris, very safe! You will have access to shopping, restaurants, bars, gardens and historical monuments by foot. You have a bus stop just outside the door, metro 5 minutes walk and the RER 15 min walk. Also very easy to get taxis in this area.
34276	A dream came true: living on the most famous parisien island, in the heart of the city. Notre Dame, Panthéon, Louvre and the beautiful Marais are just a stonethrow away. You're on the island where famous people have always been living, and still do (you might have coffee with famous french actors in the morning or share a croissant with an arab prince).  This beautiful 2 br flat will be a warm and welcoming home. Decorated with great care, each corner tells a story, and you'll feel a bit like transported in a different time … There is a masterbedroom with a queensize bed, beautifully decorated with old paintings, luxury carpets and its wonderful silk drapery that will make you feel like a king or a queen.  You'll be sleeping like a baby in the childrens room, equipped with a children bed (until 4) and a futon for an adult if needed. Another (not too tall) person can sleep on the comfortable sofa in the living room. The flat is fully equipped. Bathtub in the bathroom, a new washing mach	A dream came true: living on the most famous parisien island, in the heart of Paris. Notre Dame, Panthéon, Louvre and the beautiful Marais are just a stroll away. A romantic getaway from the hustle and bustle, you'll be enchanted by this charming 2BR A dream came true: living on the most famous parisien island, in the heart of the city. Notre Dame, Panthéon, Louvre and the beautiful Marais are just a stonethrow away. You're on the island where famous people have always been living, and still do (you might have coffee with famous french actors in the morning or share a croissant with an arab prince).  This beautiful 2 br flat will be a warm and welcoming home. Decorated with great care, each corner tells a story, and you'll feel a bit like transported in a different time … There is a masterbedroom with a queensize bed, beautifully decorated with old paintings, luxury carpets and its wonderful silk drapery that will make you feel like a king or a queen.  You'll be sleeping like a baby in
34277	This apartment is localited  quai BOURBON by the river SEINE on SAINT LOUIS ISLAND in a building of XVIIth century. This apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator on Saint Louis Island : 40 Meter square large very close of NOTRE DAME Cathedral with a view on roofs on PARIS.  Very quiet with subway station at 30  meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE ), an area of 40 sqm Fully furnihed with 1 bed room with a large bed of (phone number hidden) living room  furnihed with 1 sofa bed large of 140*200  cm and a extra large bed (160*200)  in the bed room. The dinner room is next to the kitchen in witch is furnihed some new households appliances like washing machin, over, kettle, caffee machin, stove... The bathroom is with a bathtube with toilett. There is Internet ADSL+WIFI and TV with international channels. There is a view on river Seine, The Marais and roofs of PARIS. Saint Louis Island is an island on the SEINE River with lot of famous restaurant and iceshop like BERTHILLON. The metro i	This apartment is localited  quai BOURBON by the river SEINE on SAINT LOUIS ISLAND in a building of XVIIth century. This apartment is on the 4th floor with elevator on Saint Louis Island : 40 Meter square large very close of NOTRE DAME Cathedral with a view on roofs on PARIS.  Very quiet with subway station at 30  meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE ), an area of 40 sqm Fully furnihed with 1 bed room with a large bed of (phone number hidden) living room  furnihed with 1 sofa bed large of 140*200  cm and a extra large bed (160*200)  in the bed room. The dinner room is next to the kitchen in witch is furnihed some new households appliances like washing machin, over, kettle, caffee machin, stove... The bathroom is with a bathtube with toilett. There is Internet ADSL+WIFI and TV with international channels. There is a view on river Seine, The Marais and roofs of PARIS. Saint Louis Island is an island on the SEINE River with lot of famous restaurant and iceshop like BERTHILLON. The metro i
34278	This lovely apartment has just be remolded, and is centrally-located in the heart of Paris in a typically Parisian building, having all you could ask for right at your feet. A quality kitchen houses all your essentials (dishwasher, refrigerator, oven, etc.) and the apartment has a clothes washer as well. The shower room boasts a powerful directional shower with a separate WC (toilet room). The bedroom calm and quiet with a luxury queen-size bed suitable for two adults. Two other guest may sleep on the sofa bed in the living room, and we can also provide a travel crib if you are traveling with an infant. The apartment has WiFi, free international calls to many countries and cable TV with a few English news channels. Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We look forward to welcoming you soon and helping you feel at home here in Paris!	This lovely apartment has just be remolded, and is centrally-located in the heart of Paris in a typically Parisian building, having all you could ask for right at your feet. This lovely apartment has just be remolded, and is centrally-located in the heart of Paris in a typically Parisian building, having all you could ask for right at your feet. A quality kitchen houses all your essentials (dishwasher, refrigerator, oven, etc.) and the apartment has a clothes washer as well. The shower room boasts a powerful directional shower with a separate WC (toilet room). The bedroom calm and quiet with a luxury queen-size bed suitable for two adults. Two other guest may sleep on the sofa bed in the living room, and we can also provide a travel crib if you are traveling with an infant. The apartment has WiFi, free international calls to many countries and cable TV with a few English news channels. Manager Ruben Elmaleh is awaiting your email inquiry, so please contact us anytime with questions. We
34279	cosy 2 rooms with balcony ..the balcony runs along the sitting room and bedroom!!	Cosy 2 room  with balcony in the marais! This property is ideally situated in the center of paris , place des vosges, the louvre, notre dame , ile saint louis are ALL within walking distance it is situated on the 5th floor without a lift cosy 2 rooms with balcony ..the balcony runs along the sitting room and bedroom!! great neighborhood close to boutique shops, galleries , bars and restaurants! public transport nearby with buses and lines 1 and 3 of the metro Walking distance to many of the sights, Notre Dame, Ile st louis , the louvre etc This apartment is on the 5th floor without a lift Check in is at 14pm and check out at 11 am, however when possible we are flexible on this!
34280	Completely refurbished attic flat in the heart of the Marais with a lovely roof terrace. You will enjoy the amazing view from the roof terrace in a typical Marais apartment. This 45m² apartment boasts a nice living room with a dining area. The well-equipped kitchen will enable you to enjoy in house cooking. It has 1 bedroom with a queen size bed and 1 bathroom.  Situated on the most famous street of the Marais, you will enjoy the wide variety of restaurants, bars and boutiques during your stay.	Beautiful location in a culturally rich enclave of Marais that will deliver a truly enjoyable and memorable experience. Superb environment. You enjoy the amazing view from the roof terrace! Completely refurbished attic flat in the heart of the Marais with a lovely roof terrace. You will enjoy the amazing view from the roof terrace in a typical Marais apartment. This 45m² apartment boasts a nice living room with a dining area. The well-equipped kitchen will enable you to enjoy in house cooking. It has 1 bedroom with a queen size bed and 1 bathroom.  Situated on the most famous street of the Marais, you will enjoy the wide variety of restaurants, bars and boutiques during your stay. Le Marais is the closest you will get to the feel of medieval Paris and has more pre-revolutionary buildings and streets left intact than any other area in Paris. It's very similar in feel to the West Village in Manhattan, with a different architecture of course, but the small crooked medieval lanes are alive
34281	Located on the Famous Rue des Francs Bourgeois (paris 4th), right next to the Plaza “Place des Vosges”, and close to the “Saint Paul” metro Station (line 1) and Bastille (line 1,8 and 5). The Street itself will provide all you needs in terms of Fashion shops, and you will find all the convenient shops just nearby, around the Saint Paul Metro Station (boulangerie, pharmacy,  pharmacy,  butcher, cheese maker, market gardener, supermarkets  ...).  The neigbourhood is full of life, right in the wealthy center of Paris, with many restaurants nearby,  pretty close to both the gay bar district, and the Bastille nightlife. Of course with many metro stations nearby, the whole city is easily accessible (in case you don’t want to walk !)  The street is really living during the day, and pretty quiet at night (It is mainly fashion shops). The flat is in a courtyard and is preserved from the liveliness of the street.  The access to the apartment is secured, you’ll need a badge to get in the building	"My quiet parisian flat in ""le Marais"", is located next to the famous Place des Vosges, and right in the center of the living Paris! The appartement is fully equipped, well laid out, with the bed on a mezzanine, and- a bathtub.  Welcome home! Located on the Famous Rue des Francs Bourgeois (paris 4th), right next to the Plaza “Place des Vosges”, and close to the “Saint Paul” metro Station (line 1) and Bastille (line 1,8 and 5). The Street itself will provide all you needs in terms of Fashion shops, and you will find all the convenient shops just nearby, around the Saint Paul Metro Station (boulangerie, pharmacy,  pharmacy,  butcher, cheese maker, market gardener, supermarkets  ...).  The neigbourhood is full of life, right in the wealthy center of Paris, with many restaurants nearby,  pretty close to both the gay bar district, and the Bastille nightlife. Of course with many metro stations nearby, the whole city is easily accessible (in case you don’t want to walk !)  The street is really"
34282	L’appartement Bastille, situé à 5 minutes à pied de la zone du Marais et de la Bastille, vous permet d’accéder facilement au cœur historique de Paris en vous promenant.  Votre lieu de séjour se situe également à quelques minutes du Canal Saint Martin et du quartier Oberkampf, dont les cafés et les restaurants sont très appréciés par les parisiens branchés. Enfin, l’excellente desserte de l’appartement par les lignes de métro n°5 (station Richard-Lenoir), 8 (station Saint Sébastien-Froissard) et 9 (station Saint Ambroise) vous permet de rejoindre directement les gares de l’Est et du Nord, les Galeries Lafayette, les Champs Elysées et les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement: Belle rénovation aux couleurs modernes pour cet appartement situé au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) et donnant sur la cour intérieure d’un immeuble contemporain.  Le hall d’entrée distribue sur une salle de bain dotée d’une baignoire ainsi que sur la pièce principale. Le séjour est équipé d’un li	L’appartement Bastille, situé à 5 minutes à pied de la zone du Marais et de la Bastille, vous permet d’accéder facilement au cœur historique de Paris en vous promenant.  Votre lieu de séjour se situe également à quelques minutes du Canal Saint Martin et du quartier Oberkampf, dont les cafés et les restaurants sont très appréciés par les parisiens branchés. Enfin, l’excellente desserte de l’appartement par les lignes de métro n°5 (station Richard-Lenoir), 8 (station Saint Sébastien-Froissard) et 9 (station Saint Ambroise) vous permet de rejoindre directement les gares de l’Est et du Nord, les Galeries Lafayette, les Champs Elysées et les autres destinations incontournables de Paris.  L’appartement: Belle rénovation aux couleurs modernes pour cet appartement situé au 1er étage (avec ascenseur) et donnant sur la cour intérieure d’un immeuble contemporain.  Le hall d’entrée distribue sur une salle de bain dotée d’une baignoire ainsi que sur la pièce principale. Le séjour est équipé d’un li
34283	Located in a very calm building surounded by gardens. You will enjoy a 1st floor apartment with all needed comfort. 	Find your nest to enjoy a city break in the most romantic city of all.  Located in a very calm building surounded by gardens. You will enjoy a 1st floor apartment with all needed comfort.  You will have access to the whole apartment from bathroom, to kitchen to room/ bedroom, you will be your master in your own place. I help you make your trip unforgettable, so you can get in touch with me before, during and after your stay. Located in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, between place de la Bastille and Place des Vosges. You will be abble to walk to most of the touristic sites of Paris, in direct line to the Louvre and Champs Elysées, 10 minutes walk to Notre Dame and less than 15 minutes to St Mich and St Germain des Prés. Metro Bastille, Line 1 - 5 - 8 I provide full equiped kitchen, bed sheets and bath towels. High speed Internet and unlimited TV.
34284	Beautiful and unique apartment  located in the very heart of Paris, l'ile Saint Louis, one of the most romantic, typical and sought after neighbourhood de la cité.  The apartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 little living room, 1 dining area, 1 bathroom with a tub and a little kitchenette.  It is furnished with antiques.  It is on the 4th floor of a gourgeous and historical building of the 16th century: the view sur la Seine from the windows overviewing Pont Marie will make you forget that there is no elevator: it is very close to everything: fancy restaurants and creperies, shops and faboulous food groceries ,  museums, clubs, bars and nightlife of Marais just by walking distance, crossing the bridge. It is the ideal place for a romantic get away, girls shopping break. Very easy to get to from the airport by underground(St Michel) Within walking distance: - Notre Dame (5-10 mn on foot!) - Latin Quarter - St Germain des Prés - Hotel de Ville - Louvre Museum Open air Markets : - Marché M	Beautiful and unique apartment  located in the very heart of Paris, l'ile Saint Louis, one of the most romantic, typical and sought after neighbourhood de la cité.  The apartment is composed of 1 bedroom, 1 little living room, 1 dining area, 1 bathroom with a tub and a little kitchenette.  It is furnished with antiques.  It is on the 4th floor of a gourgeous and historical building of the 16th century: the view sur la Seine from the windows overviewing Pont Marie will make you forget that there is no elevator: it is very close to everything: fancy restaurants and creperies, shops and faboulous food groceries ,  museums, clubs, bars and nightlife of Marais just by walking distance, crossing the bridge. It is the ideal place for a romantic get away, girls shopping break. Very easy to get to from the airport by underground(St Michel) Within walking distance: - Notre Dame (5-10 mn on foot!) - Latin Quarter - St Germain des Prés - Hotel de Ville - Louvre Museum Open air Markets : - Marché M
34285	This one-bedroom apartment developed by an interior-designer is elegant, modern, and warm at the same time.  Space is well distributed with a separate kitchen and a funny, circular doorway leading to it. It is very quiet while in an area that attracts lots of locals and tourists. It offers quite a unique Parisian experience.	Design-furnished, bright, quiet on Ile St Louis. Large living, spacious separate kitchen, 1BR flat. Ideal for 2 on vacation. Located near best spot on Ile Saint Louis. Walking distance to Marais and Saint Germain. This one-bedroom apartment developed by an interior-designer is elegant, modern, and warm at the same time.  Space is well distributed with a separate kitchen and a funny, circular doorway leading to it. It is very quiet while in an area that attracts lots of locals and tourists. It offers quite a unique Parisian experience. The apartment has all amenities one may expect. The kitchen is fully equipped with the exception of a microwave. Wifi and international cable are available. Having lived abroad for many years, including in the US. I like to be in touch directly with guests and welcome them myself, handing over keys and explaining how to best enjoy local life. The apartment is located near the hotspot on the island, with one of my Paris' favorite cafes on a super romantic 
34286	75m2, 	75 m2, in the heart of the Marais, 2 min walk to Saint Paul station Elegant 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom in the heart of Marais  Can sleep 6 people, 1st floor all confort  75m2,  Saint Paul Line 1  Animated in the heart if marais, markets, restaurant shopping 
34287	APARTMENT IN PERFECT STANDARDS, CLEAN, ORGANIZED.  ON TOP OF THE ISLAND IN THE MIDDLE OF PARIS, HALF BLOCK AWAY FROM NOTREDAME. BUILDING FACING THE RIVER. 5 MINUTES WALK TO MARAIS, 10 MINUTES WALK TO SAINT GERMAIN DE PRES, 10 MINUTES WALK TO THE LOUVRE. DOUBLE ROOM. 15 SQUARE METERS CHEAP PRICE UNTIL GETTING EXCELLENT REVIEWS, TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHEAP PRICE.	Private room with shared bathroom in a 60 square meter apartment in Ilè de la cité. High ceilings and very quiet, yet in the middle of Paris close to all beautiful quartiers. APARTMENT IN PERFECT STANDARDS, CLEAN, ORGANIZED.  ON TOP OF THE ISLAND IN THE MIDDLE OF PARIS, HALF BLOCK AWAY FROM NOTREDAME. BUILDING FACING THE RIVER. 5 MINUTES WALK TO MARAIS, 10 MINUTES WALK TO SAINT GERMAIN DE PRES, 10 MINUTES WALK TO THE LOUVRE. DOUBLE ROOM. 15 SQUARE METERS CHEAP PRICE UNTIL GETTING EXCELLENT REVIEWS, TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHEAP PRICE.
34288	"2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Diamant en Isle"" is an elegantly furnished one bedroom apartment. Located on exclusive Ile Saint Louis, steps from Notre-Dame Cathedral, you can listen to the bells ring from the apartment. Renovated with high-end fittings and furnishings, stylishly decorated in a historic style to accentuate the original 17th century architectural features such as: wooden ceiling beams, stone wall, and terracotta floors, Le Diamant En Isle is truly a gem. The stylish bedroom features a very comfortable double size bed for 2 guests, a dresser for storage, original stone wall, ancient wooden ceiling beams, crystal lights and a silk curtain for privacy. The living area will amaze you with high wooden beamed ceiling, stone wall, terracotta floors, 2 huge crystal and wrought-iron chandeliers, and luxurious silk curtains. The sofa in the main living area is also a comfortable, high quality double size sofa-bed to welcome"	"Luxurious & Historic One Bdrm Apt on Exclusive Island Saint Louis, Steps from Notre-Dame. Enjoy original details such as ancient ceiling beams, stone wall, terracotta floors. Just renovated. Truly the center of Paris.   + 2 Free River Cruises ! 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Diamant en Isle"" is an elegantly furnished one bedroom apartment. Located on exclusive Ile Saint Louis, steps from Notre-Dame Cathedral, you can listen to the bells ring from the apartment. Renovated with high-end fittings and furnishings, stylishly decorated in a historic style to accentuate the original 17th century architectural features such as: wooden ceiling beams, stone wall, and terracotta floors, Le Diamant En Isle is truly a gem. The stylish bedroom features a very comfortable double size bed for 2 guests, a dresser for storage, original stone wall, ancient wooden ceiling beams, crystal lights and a silk curtain for privacy. The living area will ama"
34289	I offer a spacious room with a bed 2 places and plenty of storage and 2 places on the sofa. The apartment is on the second floor with elevator.  It has internet (wifi ), TV, dishwasher , washing machine. All this equipment is available.	Live in the center of the city of lights I offer a spacious room with a bed 2 places and plenty of storage and 2 places on the sofa. The apartment is on the second floor with elevator.  It has internet (wifi ), TV, dishwasher , washing machine. All this equipment is available. Private room  Living room, kitchen , bathroom share  Access to the dishwasher and washing machine The apartment is in the center of Paris, on the Ile de la Cité, 50 meters from Notre Dame de Paris. It is the ideal area for future exploration.  Close to Notre Dame , the Ile Saint Louis, the Latin Quarter, the Marais. In the neighborhood of shops (food , clothing, souvenirs , ...) shopping mall ( 200m BHV ) , cafes, restaurants, banks, post offices ... Subway : Cité (line 4) - 3 min  Saint Michel Notre Dame (RER B and C) - 1min  Hôtel de ville (line 1) - 3min  Maubert Mutualité (line 10) 7min  Châtelet - 7min Station de vélib juste en bas de l'appartement. Et également de nombreux bus
34290		TOP 75 M2 apartment with 1 large living room (2 sofas), 2 bedrooms (queen beds or separate single), 2 bathrooms and 1 kitchen - Nice view on Catedral Notre Dame , quiet and secure (2 door codes). Possible take away at the nice restaurant close by
34291	The bedroom is 15m² and is equipped with a double bed, a desk, a hanging rail and large shelf to put of your clothes and stuff. It is very quiet as it opens on a courtyard. The flat is luminous and spacious (110m²). It has four bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms and separated toilets. The flat also has its own balcony opening on a park. The building is a Haussmann style one located in le Marais, a very central area of Paris (five minutes walking from Notre-Dame de Paris, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville …).	The bedroom is 15m² and is equipped with a double bed, a desk, a hanging rail and large shelf to put of your clothes and stuff. It is very quiet as it opens on a courtyard. The flat is luminous and spacious (110m²). It has four bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms and separated toilets. The flat also has its own balcony opening on a park. The building is a Haussmann style one located in le Marais, a very central area of Paris (five minutes walking from Notre-Dame de Paris, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville …). The flatmates are three young working people. They  have been living in Paris for several years and will be very glad to help if you need ! Hôtel de ville. Châtelet. Saint Jacques tower. Rivoli street. Louvre. Notre-Dame of Paris Cathedral. Beaubourg. George Pompidou center. The Marais. Downtown. City center. Touristic. Tourism center. Central. First district. Fourth district. 1st arrondissement. 4th arrondissement. The flat is two minutes walking from Châtelet, the bigg
34292	The perfect place in the heart of Paris, for people who likes to walk around small street, and along the river and all the parisiant bridge! We will be pleased to welcome you in our charming appartment. Clean and bright, just front the metro Hotel de Ville and Chatelet. It is very quiet despite its location! You can do everything walking (Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, the Marais, the Louvre, the Tuileries Garden, Bastille...) which is perfect when like me you don't appreciate subway ! The Marais is great to spend time for shopping (art galery, design shop, fashion ...), a lot of restaurants, and a lot of bar!  The flat contains a living room, a nice bed room under the roof and a bathroom. The living room has everything to cook and take nice breakfast, with a sofa (which can contain 2 persons), a music player, two tables... The room has a confortable bed, a nice lamp and a great wardrobe with miror! As a parisian native, we will be there at any time if you need to help you for public tran	The perfect place in the heart of Paris, for people who likes to walk around small street, and along the river and all the parisiant bridge! The perfect place in the heart of Paris, for people who likes to walk around small street, and along the river and all the parisiant bridge! We will be pleased to welcome you in our charming appartment. Clean and bright, just front the metro Hotel de Ville and Chatelet. It is very quiet despite its location! You can do everything walking (Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, the Marais, the Louvre, the Tuileries Garden, Bastille...) which is perfect when like me you don't appreciate subway ! The Marais is great to spend time for shopping (art galery, design shop, fashion ...), a lot of restaurants, and a lot of bar!  The flat contains a living room, a nice bed room under the roof and a bathroom. The living room has everything to cook and take nice breakfast, with a sofa (which can contain 2 persons), a music player, two tables... The room has a confortable
34293	Charmant 3 pièces de 51.7m2 au 2e étage sur cour et rue calme d'un bel immeuble 18e. Porte cochère avec digicode. Il est situé dans une rue derrière la Place des Vosges, entre Bastille et Saint Paul, à l'abri du bruit et de la cohue du Marais. Entièrement rénové il y a 2 ans, nous avons gardé les poutres apparentes et le parquet pour conserver tout le charme et l'élégance de cet appartement typiquement parisien. Tout le confort est là : une cuisine moderne et équipée, four, micro-onde, machine a laver, frigidaire et congélateur, une salle de bain, sèche cheveux, douche a l'italienne, machine à laver/sèche linge, ainsi que des toilettes séparées. Le linge de maison, serviettes et draps sont fournis. Les 2 chambres donnent sur une adorable ruelle non-passante. L'une avec lit simple et l'autre un lit double. Le salon, lumineux et convivial, est doté d'un canapé-lit facile d'emploi et très confortable, ainsi que d'une table et chaises pour 5 personnes. L'appartement dispose d'un grand écra	Adorable 3P typiquement parisien en plein centre du quartier mythique du Marais. 2 chambres & un grand salon,tout est prêt pour s'y sentir chez soi! Famille ou amis séjournant à Paris, il accueille jusqu'à 5 personnes dans les meilleures conditions. Charmant 3 pièces de 51.7m2 au 2e étage sur cour et rue calme d'un bel immeuble 18e. Porte cochère avec digicode. Il est situé dans une rue derrière la Place des Vosges, entre Bastille et Saint Paul, à l'abri du bruit et de la cohue du Marais. Entièrement rénové il y a 2 ans, nous avons gardé les poutres apparentes et le parquet pour conserver tout le charme et l'élégance de cet appartement typiquement parisien. Tout le confort est là : une cuisine moderne et équipée, four, micro-onde, machine a laver, frigidaire et congélateur, une salle de bain, sèche cheveux, douche a l'italienne, machine à laver/sèche linge, ainsi que des toilettes séparées. Le linge de maison, serviettes et draps sont fournis. Les 2 chambres donnent sur une adorable ru
34294	STANDING A smart looking building typical of the Marais district. The Paris apartment is on the second floor (2 flight of stairs) without an elevator. The apartment overlooks the street and an interior courtyard. LAYOUT 65 m2 apartment in Paris that is very well organized with two separate bedrooms. The main room has a large table to accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed for two additional sleeping places. The kitchen, fully equipped, is open on living room. The bathroom, which has a bath with shower, is accessible from the living room. The bedrooms have, respectively, a double bed (160 * 200) and two single beds. This apartment is perfect for a couple with two children, or two couples. It may be appropriate for 6 people for short periods (1 week). Thanks to its location, price and quality it is a good choice when renting apartments in Paris and you will spend many unforgettable moments here.	Due to its location, price and quality, this is a good choice when renting apartments in Paris as you will spend many unforgettable moments here with the surrounding attractions and comfortable accommodation. STANDING A smart looking building typical of the Marais district. The Paris apartment is on the second floor (2 flight of stairs) without an elevator. The apartment overlooks the street and an interior courtyard. LAYOUT 65 m2 apartment in Paris that is very well organized with two separate bedrooms. The main room has a large table to accommodate up to six guests and a sofabed for two additional sleeping places. The kitchen, fully equipped, is open on living room. The bathroom, which has a bath with shower, is accessible from the living room. The bedrooms have, respectively, a double bed (160 * 200) and two single beds. This apartment is perfect for a couple with two children, or two couples. It may be appropriate for 6 people for short periods (1 week). Thanks to its location, pri
34295	Emplacement  rare et recherché, en plein cœur du marais, au centre de Paris, dans la partie chic et calme de la pittoresque rue des rosiers. Ce petit havre de  paix de 30 m2, refait à neuf il y a peu, est très agréable à vivre, baigné de lumière, au dernier étage sans vis-à-vis, avec une vue imprenable et panoramique sur Paris grâce à deux balconnets desservis par deux grandes baies vitrées. Son parquet en chêne, sa cuisine toute équipée et sa salle de bain à l'italienne sous verrière sauront vous charmer.	Just down the metro, in the heart of the most trendy area of Paris, superb artist studio with amazing view on the rooves thanks to two balconies. 500m from Place des Vosges/Notre-Dame/Seine/Beaubourg/Picasso/Galeries + great shopping and nightlife Emplacement  rare et recherché, en plein cœur du marais, au centre de Paris, dans la partie chic et calme de la pittoresque rue des rosiers. Ce petit havre de  paix de 30 m2, refait à neuf il y a peu, est très agréable à vivre, baigné de lumière, au dernier étage sans vis-à-vis, avec une vue imprenable et panoramique sur Paris grâce à deux balconnets desservis par deux grandes baies vitrées. Son parquet en chêne, sa cuisine toute équipée et sa salle de bain à l'italienne sous verrière sauront vous charmer. J'espère que vous pourrez profiter de ce petit nid douillet. Une penderie ainsi  qu'une armoire libres vous attendent pour vos affaires ainsi qu'un lit confortable et une literie impeccable. Quelques lithographies faites à l'atelier Clo et 
34296	This beautiful flat located on the thrid floor (no elevator) of a ancient building is ready to welcome the lovers from all over the world The flat is highly influenced by the unique atmosphere of the Saint-Louis Island. The walls of old stones and he exposed beams transcribe well that period of time. Located in the heart of Paris it will allow you to join the neighborhoods like the City Island, the area of Châtelet, le Marais, Bastille, Saint-Germain-des-Prés and also the monuments and museums as Notre-Dame de Paris, Le Panthéon, Carnavalet, le Louvre and many others. Live this unique experience, the time of your stay, sharing the emotions of the very few privileged to live on Saint-Louis Island. All icluded, bedsheets and towels	This beautiful flat located on the thrid floor (no elevator) of a ancient building is ready to welcome the lovers from all over the world The flat is highly influenced by the unique atmosphere of the Saint-Louis Island. The walls of old stones and he exposed beams transcribe well that period of time. Located in the heart of Paris it will allow you to join the neighborhoods like the City Island, the area of Châtelet, le Marais, Bastille, Saint-Germain-des-Prés and also the monuments and museums as Notre-Dame de Paris, Le Panthéon, Carnavalet, le Louvre and many others. Live this unique experience, the time of your stay, sharing the emotions of the very few privileged to live on Saint-Louis Island. All icluded, bedsheets and towels
34297	This flat has been totally been renovated to showcase an original flat from 1642, however, modernized for today's comfort! We are on the first floor courtyard, making oit easy to access with suitcases and private and quiet, yet we are Rue des Deux Ponts, right in the middle of Ile St. Louis. The hard wood floor, the entrance door and the stone wall is all original. The appliances in the kitchen as you can see from the photos are state of the art and new, the bathroom is equipped with a big jet shower a towel warmer and all new fixtures. There is a large plasma TV with, the cable FREE which gives you lots of music, movies, BBC, CNN, Euro news........of course there is Internet and a free international land line . All of the cutlery and pots and pans are new, there is also a washer and a full size real conventional oven. There is a sofa sleep that is probably  ok for two, but more comfortable for one. For those who does not Ile St. Louis, it is the tiny Island behind the larger Island wh	This flat has been totally been renovated to showcase an original flat from 1642, however, modernized for today's comfort! We are on the first floor courtyard, making oit easy to access with suitcases and private and quiet, yet we are Rue des Deux Ponts, right in the middle of Ile St. Louis. The hard wood floor, the entrance door and the stone wall is all original. The appliances in the kitchen as you can see from the photos are state of the art and new, the bathroom is equipped with a big jet shower a towel warmer and all new fixtures. There is a large plasma TV with, the cable FREE which gives you lots of music, movies, BBC, CNN, Euro news........of course there is Internet and a free international land line . All of the cutlery and pots and pans are new, there is also a washer and a full size real conventional oven. There is a sofa sleep that is probably  ok for two, but more comfortable for one. For those who does not Ile St. Louis, it is the tiny Island behind the larger Island wh
34298	Romantic studio renovated in 2012 and decorated by the famous designer Aymeric Pailler. Located in the heart of Paris in the artistic and historical area of Marais (4th district). Fully furnished and equipped, this studio of 20m ² for 2 persons will be the ideal base to visit Paris or just to spend few days for a business trip. Access both by elevator or by stairs. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor. Easy access via public transportation nearest metro station : Saint-Paul on line 1 (direct access to Louvre, Concorde, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe) you can also use the Bastille station (lines 1, 5, 8)   The living room is furnished with two tables, chairs + armchair, a sofa bed and several arrangements. The kitchen is equipped among others with a mini oven, fridge and hot plate. The bathroom has a bath.   Nearby are many restaurants, cafes, bakeries, boutiques, art galleries, monuments, tourist attractions, laundry, supermarket ...A convenient store is located nearby and open u	Romantic studio renovated in 2012 and decorated by the famous designer Aymeric Pailler. Located in the heart of Paris in the artistic and historical area of Marais (4th district). Fully furnished and equipped, this studio of 20m ² for 2 persons will be the ideal base to visit Paris or just to spend few days for a business trip. Access both by elevator or by stairs. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor. Easy access via public transportation nearest metro station : Saint-Paul on line 1 (direct access to Louvre, Concorde, Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe) you can also use the Bastille station (lines 1, 5, 8)   The living room is furnished with two tables, chairs + armchair, a sofa bed and several arrangements. The kitchen is equipped among others with a mini oven, fridge and hot plate. The bathroom has a bath.   Nearby are many restaurants, cafes, bakeries, boutiques, art galleries, monuments, tourist attractions, laundry, supermarket ...A convenient store is located nearby and open u
34299	The apartment is fit for up to 2 people, with a main room (kitchenette, double sofa bed), and a bathroom with a bathtub. It is located in a very lively neighborhood in the 4th arrondissement, with the main tourist attractions at walking distance : the City Hall, Notre-Dame de Paris cathedral, Louvre Museum, Centre Georges Pompidou, and many shops, typical cafés and restaurants.	"Very nice and bright studio in the heart of Paris, at walking distance of the main tourist monuments. The apartment is fit for up to 2 people, with a main room (kitchenette, double sofa bed), and a bathroom with a bathtub. It is located in a very lively neighborhood in the 4th arrondissement, with the main tourist attractions at walking distance : the City Hall, Notre-Dame de Paris cathedral, Louvre Museum, Centre Georges Pompidou, and many shops, typical cafés and restaurants. Clean sheets and towels provided. 5th floor with elevator. I usually like to welcome guests myself, and hand them the keys.  3 minutes away from metro line 1 and 11 ""Hôtel de Ville"" station, and 10 minutes from RER A, B, C and D."
34300	This unique 70m2 apartment is located in the heart of Paris, on the Saint-Louis island renowned for its majestic mansions, romantic cobbled streets and quiet Seine banks.  It is on the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a historic 17th century palace, built by one of Versailles' chief architects, Louis Le Vau.  	Greet the river boats from the balconies of this splendid 70sqm flat on the exclusive Île Saint-Louis island. From 13ft ceilings and crystal chandeliers to a fireplace and chic furniture, it has everything you need for a memorable stay in Paris ! This unique 70m2 apartment is located in the heart of Paris, on the Saint-Louis island renowned for its majestic mansions, romantic cobbled streets and quiet Seine banks.  It is on the 2nd floor (with elevator) of a historic 17th century palace, built by one of Versailles' chief architects, Louis Le Vau.  - a big living room with a large window on the Seine river, a piano (you are welcome to play it during daytime !), a comfortable sofa bed fitting 2 persons and a small coffee table (perhaps the best breakfast spot in Paris) ;  - a simple but cosy bedroom with queen size bed, cupboards and a fully equipped working station (computer / wireless printer, scanner and copy machine), also with beautiful Seine view ;  - a dining room / entrance with 
34301	Want to leave a real Parisian experience. Come and leave in that beautiful home away from home located under the roof f an old Parisian Building. Located on the 6th floor (a brand new elevator will be in service in oct-nov 2015!) the apartment is charming, calm and luminous, with a beautiful view on the Parisian roofs. A big living -dining room, an open kitchen, a main bedroom with queen size bed (1,6m), a second bedroom with a sofa bed that opens into another queen size bed, a bathroom with shower. Rate include the wine and croissants upon arrival  as well as house cleaning once a week. We can offer you more and help you to live a unique Parisian experience with our Rue Amandine personalized itinerary services. Offer details will be sent upon request. A bientôt!	In a beautiful building of le Marais, near Bastille. This charming apartment is located on the 6th and last floor. Calm and luminous, this 2 BD apartment is the perfect place for a home away from home for a few days/ weeks or even months. Want to leave a real Parisian experience. Come and leave in that beautiful home away from home located under the roof f an old Parisian Building. Located on the 6th floor (a brand new elevator will be in service in oct-nov 2015!) the apartment is charming, calm and luminous, with a beautiful view on the Parisian roofs. A big living -dining room, an open kitchen, a main bedroom with queen size bed (1,6m), a second bedroom with a sofa bed that opens into another queen size bed, a bathroom with shower. Rate include the wine and croissants upon arrival  as well as house cleaning once a week. We can offer you more and help you to live a unique Parisian experience with our Rue Amandine personalized itinerary services. Offer details will be sent upon request
34302		A quelques mètres de la place des Vosges, dans un hôtel particulier classé, donnant entièrement sur une jolie cour pavée et arborée.
34303	"It is located in a typical Parisian building, dating back to the XVII century. The internal space appeals to you straightaway with its rustic beams and beautiful flooring, as well as the lounge area with its flat screen TV and fireplace.  It is divided the following way: -	A big living with a kitchen corner, a fireplace, TV corner and a sofabed where 2 persons can sleep. -	A spacious and comfortable bedroom with a double bed (for 2 persons) -	An alcove with a small bed for one person -	A bathroom (bath and double sink) -	A WC "	"An apartment full of character for 5 people, situated in the heart of the Saint-Louis island, in the 4th arrondissement, the historical center of Paris,  Located on the 4th floor of a typical Parisian building, four centuries old.  It has rustic beams and the 4 century old stair case is classified. It is located in a typical Parisian building, dating back to the XVII century. The internal space appeals to you straightaway with its rustic beams and beautiful flooring, as well as the lounge area with its flat screen TV and fireplace.  It is divided the following way: -	A big living with a kitchen corner, a fireplace, TV corner and a sofabed where 2 persons can sleep. -	A spacious and comfortable bedroom with a double bed (for 2 persons) -	An alcove with a small bed for one person -	A bathroom (bath and double sink) -	A WC This apartment is for up to 5 persons and is to be rented entirely with full access to it. I know very well the area and will be very glad to answer all your questions."
34304		tres joli appart au 6eme étage avec vue sur beaubourg 1 lit deux places, un canapé lit et une grande cuisine ouverte, tv, wifi, machine a laver le linge....  A 2 pas du MARAIS et de Beaubourg...
34305	Appartement nouvellement rénové très charmant et calme. Situé au 3ème d'un bel immeuble sécurisé, vous aurez tout le nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour confortablement. L'appartement comprend: -une kitchenette entièrement équipée, y compris le lave vaisselle.  -un couloir avec dressing. -Un salon séjour avec table et chaise pour 4 personnes/Grand écran connecté. -un canapé en cuir convertible très confortable. -un lit 2 personnes 1,40x2m. -une jolie salle d'eau avec wc, lavabo et douche. 	Très bel appartement entièrement rénové, décoration épuré, très au calme et lumineux. Entièrement équipé et fonctionnel. Cuisine ouverte, salon séjour pour 4 (website hidden) connectée avec de nombreuses chaînes/Accès wi fi. Appartement nouvellement rénové très charmant et calme. Situé au 3ème d'un bel immeuble sécurisé, vous aurez tout le nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour confortablement. L'appartement comprend: -une kitchenette entièrement équipée, y compris le lave vaisselle.  -un couloir avec dressing. -Un salon séjour avec table et chaise pour 4 personnes/Grand écran connecté. -un canapé en cuir convertible très confortable. -un lit 2 personnes 1,40x2m. -une jolie salle d'eau avec wc, lavabo et douche. Les voyageurs séjourneront librement dans l'appartement. Je serai présente pour accueillir les voyageurs et leur communiquer les informations nécessaires au bon fonctionnement de l'appartement. En mon absence une autre personne me remplacera. Je peux intervenir à n'importe q
34306	Vue unique des toits de paris,  au calme et exposé plein sud. 	Charmant 2 pièces au coeur de Paris. Dans le quartier historique du Marais, à 2 pas de Notre Dame et de la Seine, confortable et typique vous accueil avec une belle vue sur les toits Parisien.  (35m2 , 6ème étage sans ascenseur ! ) Vue unique des toits de paris,  au calme et exposé plein sud.  6 étage sans ascenseur,  mais ce petit cocon parisien, mansardé saura vite vous séduire par son charme unique.  Je serai présent à votre arrivée et à votre disposition pour tout renseignement ou infos,  bon plan à paris  Un quartier unique à paris,  typique par son architecture,  des dizaines de boutiques originales et concept store tendance, restaurant et bar à chaque coin de rue. Le quartier gay du marais et aussi le quartier juif. Accès métro hôtel de ville ligne 10, ou métro chatelet / les halles. Bus 67 
34307	On the fourth floor are the bedrooms and bathrooms. Upstairs are the dining/living room and the kitchen.	Hypercentral and exceptional view are the best  words to describe our 18th century apartment in the Quartier Latin with a rare view of the Notre-Dame Cathedral and the Seine river. Look at the pictures by clicking on the one above. On the fourth floor are the bedrooms and bathrooms. Upstairs are the dining/living room and the kitchen. Everything I usually spend some time to explain how the apartment works. I'll also answer all your questions over Paris, its best spots and its good restaurants. I'll give you a list of my preferred ones. In the heart of the Old City, on the River Seine between Notre Dame and the Quartier Latin, this two stories flat has the charm of 18 th century buildings. Directly connected to the Airports, the Eiffel Tower, Versailles by RER B & C, it is a walking distance to the Louvre, Notre-Dame, Saint Germain des Prés and the Sorbonne. You can also hop on the BateauBus, or a Bus, to get to all main spots Downtown. Metro Line 4, 10. RER line B and C and not far fro
34308	 Perfect two bedrooms apartment at the gateway to the Marais. You will enjoy the extremely convenient location and the lovely space of this great and bright flat for 6. Comfortable, cozy, and complete with all that you need to live in Paris in an autonomous fashion, this apartment is an ideal place for up to 6 people to stay on a calm edge of the urban action. Situated in an attractive modern building with an elevator, the large windows overlook the very calmand quiet courtyard The apartment has been decorated in calming tones of cool blues beige, and white. There is queen size bed in each bedroom area and sofa bed in the living room that can be accomodated for two people. The kitchen is equipped with electric stove, a combination Microwave/oven and refrigerator. It is fully stocked with dishes, glasses, pots and pans. For added convenience, you will also find a dish washer combination unit as well. The 1st bathroom with stand-up shower, is a tranquil space for quick morning shower. Th	Cosy family flat in the very center of Paris and a very vivid, friendly neighborhood. Definitely, the best area you can get: walking distance from Notre Dame, Le Marais, place des Vosges, Le louvre, Sainte Chapelle, Bastille etc. Welcome :)
34309	The apartment is located on the second floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and railings original wood. It has 40m2, one bedroom with double bed and a sofa bed in the room, cabinets, chairs and lamps are part of the decoration. The double glazed windows overlooking the street, the apartment offers total silence. The studio is also equipped with high speed internet and WIFI high cable TV, full kitchen with microwave, oven, induction hob modern fridge freezer, nexpresso coffee maker, kettle, washing machine crockery, kitchen utensils and general washing machine. The bathroom is inside the room has a shower and bathtub strong. This apartment with modern decor and taste is perfect for family, friends or even someone who wants to enjoy the best of the city. Located in the historic Marais district, 5 minutes walk from one of the oldest squares in Paris, Place des Vosges where to shop and go around in cafes is a luxury for a few! Th	The apartment is located on the second floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and railings original wood. It has 40m2 The apartment is located on the second floor of an ancient 17th century building, where we keep all the charm of the era with its stairs and railings original wood. It has 40m2, one bedroom with double bed and a sofa bed in the room, cabinets, chairs and lamps are part of the decoration. The double glazed windows overlooking the street, the apartment offers total silence. The studio is also equipped with high speed internet and WIFI high cable TV, full kitchen with microwave, oven, induction hob modern fridge freezer, nexpresso coffee maker, kettle, washing machine crockery, kitchen utensils and general washing machine. The bathroom is inside the room has a shower and bathtub strong. This apartment with modern decor and taste is perfect for family, friends or even someone who wants to enjoy the best of the city.
34310	Une chambre de 12m2 dans un appartement de 100m2. Vous bénéficierez d'un lit 160/200 tout confort, TV (with Netflix) et WiFi. Un superbe séjour de 30m2 sera là également pour vous permettre de vous reposer entre vos visites ! Votre bien être sera notre objectif.	A 12m2 room, very calm,  with TV and internet. You will also have access to the living room. It will be a pleasure for us to have your visit.
34311	Most beautiful place in Paris	Really nice and cozy appartment on the Île Saint Louis, in the center of Paris.  The neighborhood is full of charm, it's ideal for holidays. Between Le Marais and St Germain, five minutes walking from Notre Dame.
34312	1st floor, no lift. After a day of excitement, you will be happy to come home to this veritable haven of peace and tranquility. This spacious four-room apartment will make you feel at ease. Gather with family or friends in the cozy living room to share your memories of the day. And stay connected to the rest of the world with free Wifi and cable TV. This three-room apartment features extra comfy beds and a spacious bathroom. You also have at your disposal a washing machine, a dryer, a fitted kitchen ... In short, everything you need to feel like you're really living in Paris...	"Located in the center of Paris, just steps from City Hall and the famous "" Rue des Rosiers"", from this apartment you will discover one of the most beautiful areas of the city and easily visit the most beautiful jewels of the French capital. 1st floor, no lift. After a day of excitement, you will be happy to come home to this veritable haven of peace and tranquility. This spacious four-room apartment will make you feel at ease. Gather with family or friends in the cozy living room to share your memories of the day. And stay connected to the rest of the world with free Wifi and cable TV. This three-room apartment features extra comfy beds and a spacious bathroom. You also have at your disposal a washing machine, a dryer, a fitted kitchen ... In short, everything you need to feel like you're really living in Paris...  All tastes are honored. If you like painting, museums, you can walk to the Louvre, the Pompidou Centre. The Metro Line 1 will take you to many other cultural sites ... Once "
34313	"2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Voyage en Isle"" is a stylishly furnished one bedroom apartment for up to 4 Guests.   Located on exclusive Ile Saint Louis, steps from Notre-Dame Cathedral, you can listen to the bells ring from the apartment.  Renovated with high-end fittings and furnishings, decorated in a contemporary ""travel"" theme to remind you of the exciting international destination you are visiting.  The comfortable master bedroom features a double size bed for 2 guests, and a closet for storage.  The living area will amaze you with high wooden beamed ceiling,terracotta floors, and modern kitchen.  The sofa in the main living area is also a comfortable, high quality double size sofa-bed to welcome two additional guests.   Full linens are provided for both beds. 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking.  There is a dining table that can extend out to dine up to 4 guests with 2 addition"	"Modern & Historic One Bedroom Apartment on Exclusive Ile Saint Louis. Steps from Notre-Dame Cathedral.  Enjoy original historic details. Just renovated beautifully.  Enjoy Village-Like Island. Heart of Paris !  + 2 Free Cruise Tickets 2 Free River Cruise Tix with your booking !  Mention this offer with your booking. The ""Voyage en Isle"" is a stylishly furnished one bedroom apartment for up to 4 Guests.   Located on exclusive Ile Saint Louis, steps from Notre-Dame Cathedral, you can listen to the bells ring from the apartment.  Renovated with high-end fittings and furnishings, decorated in a contemporary ""travel"" theme to remind you of the exciting international destination you are visiting.  The comfortable master bedroom features a double size bed for 2 guests, and a closet for storage.  The living area will amaze you with high wooden beamed ceiling,terracotta floors, and modern kitchen.  The sofa in the main living area is also a comfortable, high quality double size sofa-bed to welc"
34314	the location of this studio on ile saint louis is the best for tourisme for 2 peoples ( couple)	60euros august typical studio from the 17 century on the 4th floor ( i will be here when you land to help you ) for 2 people very cosy with washer,kitchen, bathroom with toilet on the famous ile saint louis , 2 blocks from Notre dame , and Marais . the location of this studio on ile saint louis is the best for tourisme for 2 peoples ( couple) acces to  , tv, washer , internet and linen, but forbiden for pets and to smock . 50 euros in cash will be charge for late arrival after 7pm i can interact with them anytimes by cell phone or internet. restaurants, historical visit around this studio is amazing. located 31 rue des deux ponts paris 4 ile saint louis. metro pont marie, metro cite and rer c st michel. internet wi fi now available.
34315		bonjour , je loue une de mes chambre (lit double) dans mon appartement de 70 M2 (qui est très claire et calme) situé dans le marais,le métro le plus proche est bastille. I am renting 1 of my bedroom (double bed) in 70m2 apartment,subway:bastille x  
34316	Two Bedrooms - one with double bed and one single- in a big Flat- Building Haussmann very bright / 4 rooms in the heart of Paris in the Marais. Private bathroom. This complex is located in the first part of the apartment and you can access it without bothering us giving you some freedom. Located on the 6th floor. Perfect exposure and great views of Paris. The apartment is located between Bastille, the village of Saint Paul, Saint Louis island, docks, the Place des Vosges. At the heart of the Marais, you are close to the famous Bastille-Richard Lenoir market, cafes and restaurants in the historic Paris. My husband and I will welcome you in our appartment (where we live) giving you tips in the area and Paris. Metro Bastille (line 1, 5 or 8) or Sully-Morland (line 7) equipment: -internet (WI-FI unlimited access) - Washing machine - Dryer - Dishwasher The price includes bed linen and towels, cleaning and french breakfast (tea or coffee, croissant and bread with butter and jam, fruit juice,	Two Bedrooms - one with double bed and one single- in a big Flat- Building Haussmann very bright / 4 rooms in the heart of Paris in the Marais. Private bathroom. This complex is located in the first part of the apartment and you can access it without bothering us giving you some freedom. Located on the 6th floor. Perfect exposure and great views of Paris. The apartment is located between Bastille, the village of Saint Paul, Saint Louis island, docks, the Place des Vosges. At the heart of the Marais, you are close to the famous Bastille-Richard Lenoir market, cafes and restaurants in the historic Paris. My husband and I will welcome you in our appartment (where we live) giving you tips in the area and Paris. Metro Bastille (line 1, 5 or 8) or Sully-Morland (line 7) equipment: -internet (WI-FI unlimited access) - Washing machine - Dryer - Dishwasher The price includes bed linen and towels, cleaning and french breakfast (tea or coffee, croissant and bread with butter and jam, fruit juice,
34317	This 55 square meters 2 Bedroom apartment is located on rue du Tresor in the 4th arrondissement, on the 4th French floor of a 19th century building. It sleeps 4 people, available for weekly and monthly rentals (Minimum 2 day stay).  The Apartment is located in the heart of Paris (Le Marais) which makes all the places easily accessible. Kitchen  ----------- The 4 square meters separate kitchen has a window facing courtyard. It is equipped with all kitchen utensils and combo oven-microwave, gas burner, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, tiled floor. Bedroom 1  --------------- The 12 square meters bedroom has a window facing courtyard. It is furnished with : double bed, TV, VCR, DVD, chest of drawers, hard wooden floor. Bedroom 2  --------------- The 15 square meters bedroom has a window facing street. It is furnished with : double bed, bedside table, armchair, decorative fireplace, built-in wall closet, chest of drawers, hard wooden floor. Bathroom  -----	This 55 square meters 2 Bedroom apartment is located on rue du Tresor in the 4th arrondissement, on the 4th French floor of a 19th century building. It sleeps 4 people, available for weekly and monthly rentals (Minimum 2 day stay).  The Apartment is located in the heart of Paris (Le Marais) which makes all the places easily accessible. Kitchen  ----------- The 4 square meters separate kitchen has a window facing courtyard. It is equipped with all kitchen utensils and combo oven-microwave, gas burner, fridge, freezer, dishwasher, washer, coffee maker, kettle, toaster, tiled floor. Bedroom 1  --------------- The 12 square meters bedroom has a window facing courtyard. It is furnished with : double bed, TV, VCR, DVD, chest of drawers, hard wooden floor. Bedroom 2  --------------- The 15 square meters bedroom has a window facing street. It is furnished with : double bed, bedside table, armchair, decorative fireplace, built-in wall closet, chest of drawers, hard wooden floor. Bathroom  -----
34318	This 50 square metre appartement is extremely well located!	Our apartment is like us; simple and..cosy! Our 50 squared metres one-bedroom apartment is located in front of Notre-Dame and the Ile de la Cité and the Ile Saint-Louis. This 50 square metre appartement is extremely well located! Located behind the City hall (Hôtel de Ville) in the Marais in the center of Paris, the appartement offers a clear view on the Ile Saint-Louis and the Ile de la Cité with the cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris. Beside Notre-Dame, the neighborhood is full of tourist attractions as the Hôtel de Ville, the historic area of the Marais, the museum of modern art Pompidou, the Carnavalet museum, the Picasso museum... You'll find a selection of the nicest restaurants and bars of Paris around and of course the world famous Berthillon ice creams! All Paris is easy to reach: the subway is at 50 meters (Pont Marie - line 7), 100 meters (Hôtel de Ville and Saint-Paul - line 1) et 300 mètres (Châtelet - lines (phone number hidden)). The RER (regional rapid transit) lines A, B
34319	STANDING This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a beautiful 17th century building without a lift. (Needless to say that we will help you to carry your luggage upon arrival !) The access is secured with two coded-doors. The windows are double-glazed. LAYOUT This beautiful 50 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to five guests. The entrance hall directly gives on the main room which has much character with its French tiles ('tomatoes') and the exposed beams on the ceiling. The living area features a high standing sofabed (two comfortable sleeps 140x200), a convertible sofa chair (one sleep 80x190) and a coffee table. The dining table will accommodate up to six guests. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. A corridor will lead you to the bedroom that features a double bed 140x200 and a large closet. The bathroom has been entirely renovated in a contemporary style, it features a walk-in shower, a washbasin and a toilet. It is accessible from the corridor. Thi	Charming 50 sqm one-bedroom apartment to rent right in the center of the Marais. Very nice features, cozy, fairly priced, coup-de-coeur guaranteed ! STANDING This apartment is located on the 4th floor of a beautiful 17th century building without a lift. (Needless to say that we will help you to carry your luggage upon arrival !) The access is secured with two coded-doors. The windows are double-glazed. LAYOUT This beautiful 50 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to five guests. The entrance hall directly gives on the main room which has much character with its French tiles ('tomatoes') and the exposed beams on the ceiling. The living area features a high standing sofabed (two comfortable sleeps 140x200), a convertible sofa chair (one sleep 80x190) and a coffee table. The dining table will accommodate up to six guests. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. A corridor will lead you to the bedroom that features a double bed 140x200 and a large closet. The bathroom
34320	Encore on the Square is a fully renovated 15 sq.meter Studio for 2 Guests. Located in the exclusive St Paul Village area of the historic Marais (Arrondissement # 4), one of the oldest and most charming neighborhoods in Paris. You are steps from Notre-Dame, Hotel De Ville, Ile Saint Louis, and Place Des Vosges. Walk to most central locations in Paris such as The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Concorde, the Champs Elysees, Ile Saint Louis, the Latin Quarter and More! Located on one of the most charming squares in Paris- Place Sainte-Catherine. Filled with typical Parisian cafes and restaurants, the square is closed off from traffic and offers a quiet respite from the city. The square St Catherine is located 1 short block off Rue Saint-Antoine/Rue Rivoli. This is the main thoroughfare through the heart of Paris. This street offers all the shopping you will need, Cheese Shops, Bakeries, Wine Shops, Gourmet Shops and Restaurants, Cafes, Clothing Stores, Perfume Shops, Art Galleries and Mo	Adorable studio for up to 2 Guests. Located in the exclusive Marais St Paul area, steps from Notre-Dame, Hotel De Ville and Ile Saint Louis.  Located on one of the most charming squares in Paris- Place Sainte Catherine.   Encore on the Square is a fully renovated 15 sq.meter Studio for 2 Guests. Located in the exclusive St Paul Village area of the historic Marais (Arrondissement # 4), one of the oldest and most charming neighborhoods in Paris. You are steps from Notre-Dame, Hotel De Ville, Ile Saint Louis, and Place Des Vosges. Walk to most central locations in Paris such as The Louvre, Tuileries Gardens, Place Concorde, the Champs Elysees, Ile Saint Louis, the Latin Quarter and More! Located on one of the most charming squares in Paris- Place Sainte-Catherine. Filled with typical Parisian cafes and restaurants, the square is closed off from traffic and offers a quiet respite from the city. The square St Catherine is located 1 short block off Rue Saint-Antoine/Rue Rivoli. This is the m
34321	The perfect place to write a book or invite your most significant other. Everybody who spent time here was more than happy and lucky to be just there at the right time ...	Nice and large studio in a XVIIth century buidling (meaning: you'll have to climb the 4 stairs!). Confortable for single or a couple.  Queen-size bed, well equipped-kitchen, full bath with tub . Very bright and sunny, not a single city sound The perfect place to write a book or invite your most significant other. Everybody who spent time here was more than happy and lucky to be just there at the right time ... IMPORTANT: De la mi-février à la mi-avril l’appartement est loué seulement pour 10 jours minimum. Me contacter par la messagerie pour dates et tarifs.  From Mid-february to mid-April the studio is available only on a 10-day or more renting plan. please contact me my inbox for more info. I am available for anything you may need.  Just the best for tourists, and well-traveled alike. You can go by foot or bike just about everywhere, food shops in the area are the best, old-Paris, culture, universities, book-shops, the Seine river 30 meters away, what else? All my shops and restauran
34322	The apt (85 sq meter) is composed of 2 bedrooms: one with large king size bed (220x200 cm), the other one with one single bed + extra folding bed (comfortable); a living room with TV and chimney, a separate dining room, a fully equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine available), a bathroom with full bath and separate toilets.  The terrace (15 sq m) is equipped of a table and 4 chairs. The apt is located on the 6th floor with elevator up to 5th floor.. 	Spacious apt with terrace in historical center of le Marais. cosy, confortable and romantic; Ideal for 2-3 people, can accommodate 4. You will enjoy the view while having breakfast or for a glass of champagne after sightseeing. Very central location. The apt (85 sq meter) is composed of 2 bedrooms: one with large king size bed (220x200 cm), the other one with one single bed + extra folding bed (comfortable); a living room with TV and chimney, a separate dining room, a fully equipped kitchen (Nespresso machine available), a bathroom with full bath and separate toilets.  The terrace (15 sq m) is equipped of a table and 4 chairs. The apt is located on the 6th floor with elevator up to 5th floor.. Guests will feel confortable and  make themselves at home. Family friendly. Easy contact with owner by phone and Sms (English and French spoken; Spanish and Italian understood) The  bourgeois style building (early 20th century)  is located on a typical and lively street of le Marais; the building
34323	The double room is located in a nice apartment including a large living room of 30 m2, a dining room, a bathroom (shower and bath), a fully equipped kitchen and a large entrance.	Wood floor, mouldings, old fireplace, nice view on the street make this room a typical Parisian one. Located in a 110 m2 Haussmann flat, this place is perfect to discover Paris. The double room is located in a nice apartment including a large living room of 30 m2, a dining room, a bathroom (shower and bath), a fully equipped kitchen and a large entrance. Guest have acces to all common space and can use the kitchen and the bathroom as they wish. I do travel a lot and rent flat in all cities I visit, I know how it is important to get advised by local people. It will be a pleasure for me to welcome you in Paris and give tips and advice to make you discover my city in the best way. I used to study History of Art in Paris, I know by heart all museums schedules, tips not to queue, and many unknown monuments and art places. The apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Marais district, near the metro stations Saint Paul and Hotel de Ville, and closed to the Seine. This historic distric
34324	Appartement très charmant (cheminées, moulures...) dans le centre Paris. Salon très cosy, 2 chambres, 1 salle de bain/WC, 1 petite cuisine toute équipée et très fonctionnelle. A louer: une chambre pour 1 ou 2 personnes (lit 160x190). (Actuellement une personne occupe la deuxième chambre)	Charming flat in the centre of Paris. One cosy living room, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 small but very practical and equipped kitchen. For rent: one bedroom for one or two people (bed 160x190). (There's only one person living in the other bedroom) 2 minutes from metro station Saint-Paul, 5 minutes from Bastille and 7 minutes from Sully-Morland.
34325	Au cœur de Paris , sur l'île Saint Louis à deux pas de Notre Dame, les péniches à 5mn. La chambre bénéficie de sa propre salle de douche et de ses toilettes. Et d'un mini salon personnel. Plus qu'une chambre.... Un étage entier sous les toits du quartier le plus romantique de Paris.	Belle suite privée avec son petit salon bibliothèque et sa propre salle de douche avec wc à l'étage d'un beau duplex sur l'Ile St Louis. Cuisine partagée. 5mn de Notre Dame hôtel de Ville et de Châtelet. Au cœur de Paris , sur l'île Saint Louis à deux pas de Notre Dame, les péniches à 5mn. La chambre bénéficie de sa propre salle de douche et de ses toilettes. Et d'un mini salon personnel. Plus qu'une chambre.... Un étage entier sous les toits du quartier le plus romantique de Paris. En plus de l'étage chambre salon salle de bain, vous avez accès à la cuisine et la machine à laver le linge . Selon mon emploi du temps, mais l'indépendance de chacun est privilégié. Comme son nom l'indique l'île St Louis est entourée d'eau ce qui lui confère d'être le quartier le plus romantique de Paris. A deux pas de Notre Dame, en plein centre de Paris, tout est proche à pieds et les promenades sur les quais sont des plus sympathiques Bus 67 météo Hôtel de Ville - Cité ou Pont-Marie, RER C et B Notre Da
34326	It will be your place in town, for your first time in Paris or for your regular stop-overs ! My apartment, in which I don't stay often anymore, as I travel around the world most of the time, is located right between Bastille and Place des Vosges. Overlooking on a very peaceful roof, it has no disturbance, and all the confort and good vibes you could wish for your stay in Paris...  Here, you can sleep late, go out for breakfast or lunch, visit museums in the neighborhood, come back for nap and tea, go out for dinner again - and so on. Work, also, if you need, with the wi-fi. Plug in your iphone for your favorite music. Cook yourself a meal with what you found on the market on boulevard Richard Lenoir, on thursdays and sundays, or in Marché d'Aligre, Marché des Enfants rouges, every day. I can advise you great restaurants in the 11th nearby, foodie paradise, where you'll discover natural wines and creative cooking made by young women and men chefs, with fresh and amazing stuff. Or more t	It will be your place in town, for your first time in Paris or for your regular stop-overs ! My apartment, in which I don't stay often anymore, as I travel around the world most of the time, is located right between Bastille and Place des Vosges. Overlooking on a very peaceful roof, it has no disturbance, and all the confort and good vibes you could wish for your stay in Paris...  Here, you can sleep late, go out for breakfast or lunch, visit museums in the neighborhood, come back for nap and tea, go out for dinner again - and so on. Work, also, if you need, with the wi-fi. Plug in your iphone for your favorite music. Cook yourself a meal with what you found on the market on boulevard Richard Lenoir, on thursdays and sundays, or in Marché d'Aligre, Marché des Enfants rouges, every day. I can advise you great restaurants in the 11th nearby, foodie paradise, where you'll discover natural wines and creative cooking made by young women and men chefs, with fresh and amazing stuff. Or more t
34327	Heart of paris. Ile Saint-Louis Fabulous  The best of Paris just outside the apartment: Notre-Dame, Sainte-Chapelle, Le Louvre, Saint-Germain, Le marais...	Extraordinary location.  300 yards, in a courtyard, totally renovated, modern comforts. Heart of paris. Ile Saint-Louis Fabulous  The best of Paris just outside the apartment: Notre-Dame, Sainte-Chapelle, Le Louvre, Saint-Germain, Le marais... Draps, serviettes, wifi, ménage inclus. La cuisine est intégralement équipée, rénovée récemment. Emails Whatsapp Telephon Courtesy and discretion The check in betwenn 9:00am to 9:00pm is free. Check in betwin 9:00pm and 10:00pm I will charge 20€.  No check in after 10:00pm and before 9:00am  Pont-Marie Hotel de Ville Saint-Michel the check in betwenn 9:00am to 9:00pm is free. Check in betwin 9:00pm and 11:30pm I will charge 20€.  No check in after 11:30pm and before 9:00am  
34328	This 70 m² apartment is set for up to 6 persons. It is on the 4th floor (French standard) of a stone building which can be accessed by an elevator which can be taken from the first floor (see photo).  One enters in the apt through a bright entrance that takes the visitor directly to the living room and dining area. The circulation is made very easy as bathroom and kitchen both have 2 doors opening to different areas.  •Living room offers a wide lounge area and a dining area. Dining area has wooden table for 6. The lounge area faces the chimney. If needed, the sofa converts into a comfortable double bed. •Kitchen is a separate room but it is open on the living room. It is fully equipped and offers a bar where one can sit enjoying a glass of wine or pass the courses to the dining area. •The master Bedroom is warm thanks to the wooden beams and the wooden furniture. It offers a double bed with an antique bureau. Its window, giving on the quiet private courtyard, bathes the bedroom in ligh	This apartment is located  in 'rue Saint-Louis en l’Ile” the upmost location in Paris. It is on an island of the Seine, prestigious ” Ile Saint-Louis”. Building was built in 1645.  The whole apartment inherits from the 17th century. Not only the ceiling wooden beams and the ancient 'Tomettes' floor are extraordinary but also the decoration was carefully set by the owner to modern standards. The apartment feels comfortable and warm. Building has an ELEVATOR. This 70 m² apartment is set for up to 6 persons. It is on the 4th floor (French standard) of a stone building which can be accessed by an elevator which can be taken from the first floor (see photo).  One enters in the apt through a bright entrance that takes the visitor directly to the living room and dining area. The circulation is made very easy as bathroom and kitchen both have 2 doors opening to different areas.  •Living room offers a wide lounge area and a dining area. Dining area has wooden table for 6. The lounge area faces 
34329	In front of subway station / Calm / On the Seine river. 3rd floor of a typical parisian building. No elevator.	30m2 studio situated in the center of Paris (Le Marais), in front of subway station. Private kitchen & bathroom, sleeps up to 4 people. Nearby: Saint Paul, The Seine, Place des Vosges, Bastille, Ile Saint Louis, St Michel (Notre Dame), Chatelet... In front of subway station / Calm / On the Seine river. 3rd floor of a typical parisian building. No elevator. Saint Louis central island, Notre Dame, Arts Bridge, Saint Michel (fountain), Chatelet, Bastille, the Seine, Le Marais, Place des vosges, Gay corner, Shopping and restaurants (Rue des Francs-Bourgeois), Arab world Institute ...  Anytime needed (email, phone, Whatsapp and Viber). > Quick reply Metro (Line 1, 5 , 7  & 8) Bus (phone number hidden) ) Taxi station Velib & Autolib stations
34330	"2nd floor. no lift. totally renovated. beauty of historic district ""le marais"", near the museums, place des vosges, notre dame, hotel de ville, beaubourg modern museum, restaurants and animation of night bars in the main street of the marais area. a nice apartment for unforgettable vacations. the flat is in the main street of the marais area where there are lots of people in the day and in the evening, just near bars and restaurants.  a pleasant design and sunny living room, one dinning room, one sunny bedroom, one bathroom and one equipped kitchen. on the first ligne of the metro, you will be able to discover all the neighbourhoods of paris. at 5 minutes by feet from chatelet/les halles station, you can come easy from international airports orly or roissy charles de gaulle. enjoy:-)"	"Central. 58m2.Proche de l Hôtel de Ville, du BHV, de beaubourg. En plein centre du marais historique dans le 4ème arrondissement.  2nd floor. no lift. totally renovated. beauty of historic district ""le marais"", near the museums, place des vosges, notre dame, hotel de ville, beaubourg modern museum, restaurants and animation of night bars in the main street of the marais area. a nice apartment for unforgettable vacations. the flat is in the main street of the marais area where there are lots of people in the day and in the evening, just near bars and restaurants.  a pleasant design and sunny living room, one dinning room, one sunny bedroom, one bathroom and one equipped kitchen. on the first ligne of the metro, you will be able to discover all the neighbourhoods of paris. at 5 minutes by feet from chatelet/les halles station, you can come easy from international airports orly or roissy charles de gaulle. enjoy:-) I ll answer to all the questions with pleasure;-) In the main street of th"
34331	View seine , effel tower and notre dame	Spacious apartment of 80 sqm located on the Ile Saint louis equipped with every comfort for 2-4 people. Beautiful unique view of the Seine and the Eiffel Tower, Former atypical building 17 century , very quiet area and secure , tourist site 3 minute walk to Notre Dame View seine , effel tower and notre dame As much as needed
34332	Rent an apartment of 42 m2 located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator. It looks out onto a courtyard. This Paris apartment is very calm and luminous. It is composed of a living / dining room with an American kitchen. A sofa bed allows 2 additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed and a dressing room. The bathroom has a bath-tub. This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. Special notice Each room has its own A/C portable unit. The 4 apartments PONT121B, PONT125 and PONT124 are in the same buiding. All together, they can accomodate up to 20 persons.	This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. Close to Notre Dame, the Louvre, Rue de Rivoli, Hotel de Ville and many other Paris attractions. Rent an apartment of 42 m2 located on the 4th floor of a building with an elevator. It looks out onto a courtyard. This Paris apartment is very calm and luminous. It is composed of a living / dining room with an American kitchen. A sofa bed allows 2 additional sleeping places. The bedroom has a double bed and a dressing room. The bathroom has a bath-tub. This apartment to rent in Paris is very pleasant, has recently been renovated and is located in the centre of the Saint Louis island. Special notice Each room has its own A/C portable unit. The 4 apartments PONT121B, PONT125 and PONT124 are in the same buiding. All together, they can accomodate up to 20 persons. The whole apartment will be yours during your stay We will stay available during you entire stay i
34333	"Enjoy your stay in the famous ILE SAINT LOUIS next to Notre Dame de Paris Church !!! You will live in the center of Paris and go to Notre Dame less than 2 minutes walk ! very amazing !!! The apartment is in an old parisian building (17th century), very nice, quite and very confortable with all the furnitures you need (bed, TV, wifi towels, linen, ect....)  There is the AC. 4 people can easily sleep in this flat.  The sofa bed is very luxuary and confortable and easy to use, in the room, the bed is quite big. you have a table and chairs in the living room. The kitchen is fully equiped. the area is one of the most secured area ( and where the real estate is the most expensive in Paris ) so many famous people are living there. You can park your car around very easily if you are lucky to find a place.  You can use the Public bicycle called ""VELIB"" for one hour or 1 day (very easy I can explain to you) and discover Paris. All the good restaurants, bakery, retails are very close to the flat."	"Enjoy your stay in the famous ILE SAINT LOUIS next to Notre Dame de Paris Church !!! You will live in the center of Paris and go to Notre Dame less than 2 minutes walk ! very amazing !!! The apartment is in an old parisian building (17th century), very nice, quite and very confortable with all the furnitures you need (bed, TV, wifi towels, linen, ect....)  There is the AC. 4 people can easily sleep in this flat.  The sofa bed is very luxuary and confortable and easy to use, in the room, the bed is quite big. you have a table and chairs in the living room. The kitchen is fully equiped. the area is one of the most secured area ( and where the real estate is the most expensive in Paris ) so many famous people are living there. You can park your car around very easily if you are lucky to find a place.  You can use the Public bicycle called ""VELIB"" for one hour or 1 day (very easy I can explain to you) and discover Paris. All the good restaurants, bakery, retails are very close to the flat."
34334	Quiet and bright	This modern and quiet 33 square meters 1 Bedroom apartment is located rue Le Regrattier in the 4th arrondissement, on the 6th French floor of 18th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, unlimited hi Quiet and bright Wifi, TV Eur 1400 deposit for long term stays
34335	"The apartment is on historic Ile Saint Louis in one of the best neighborhoods in Paris but is very quiet and comfortable (87m2).  Magnificent view over the Seine river facing the Quartier Latin.  It is is situated on the top floor of 17th century building with complete privacy. You can soak the atmosphere of the ""vieux"" Paris. Apartment is furnished with antiques and 17/18th century art. Old style kitchen and eat-in area Old style bathrooms. One separate toilet. It is ideal for 2 to 3 persons. Double bed: queen size Single bed: 2m/1.05m Perfect for those who want to live like Parisians"	"MINIMUM STAY 6 NIGHTS Appt, 6th fl (top)  with lift.  2 bds: one sleeps 2, second sleeps 1,  2 bathrooms, separate living, and  dinin room, small eat in kitchen.  Overlooking the Seine. Walk to Notre-Dame, metro, restaurants, cafes, le Marais. The apartment is on historic Ile Saint Louis in one of the best neighborhoods in Paris but is very quiet and comfortable (87m2).  Magnificent view over the Seine river facing the Quartier Latin.  It is is situated on the top floor of 17th century building with complete privacy. You can soak the atmosphere of the ""vieux"" Paris. Apartment is furnished with antiques and 17/18th century art. Old style kitchen and eat-in area Old style bathrooms. One separate toilet. It is ideal for 2 to 3 persons. Double bed: queen size Single bed: 2m/1.05m Perfect for those who want to live like Parisians Nearby are small and large groceries, several bakeries and wine shops.  Many restaurants on ile Saint Louis.  The apartment comes complete with appliances.   Code "
34336	Situated on the fith floor, cosy and confteble duplex, with a room on the top floor, and a living room with a large sofa bed that can acomodate 2 extra persons, a bathroom with a bath, kitchen on the lower floor. It has lots of light.	Charming confotable duplex made for two, on the Island St. Louis, heart of historical Paris. One room with double bed, bath room, leaving room & fully equiped kitchen. Can ocomodate easily 2 other people  if asked. Great location for a weekend. Situated on the fith floor, cosy and confteble duplex, with a room on the top floor, and a living room with a large sofa bed that can acomodate 2 extra persons, a bathroom with a bath, kitchen on the lower floor. It has lots of light. A clean bed (sheet and duvet cover), clean towels, bathroom eseentials (soap, toilet paper, etc), Tv and internet, and a kitchen with its essentials (oil, salt, etc.) Always reachable on my phone. Ile Saint Louis, is one of the two islands on the river Seine. Your are at the heart of historical (1700) paris, it has absolutly everything, from a typical french boulangerie, right in front of the building, to famously known restaurants (Nos Ancêtre les gaulois or 5 star Michelin Tour d'Argent). Easy to walk to any impo
34337		This is a 100 sq. meters triplex apartment on the beautiful Ile Saint Louis, with 3 bedrooms, for up to 6 guests and 2 bathrooms. Nicely decorated in a classic french style, with old character such as wood beams and beatiful view.
34338		Ile Saint Louis Paris 4ème, appartement en duplex, sur cour. Beaucoup de charme. Très calme et lumineux. Tout équipé. Deux chambres, l'une avec lit double, l'autre avec trois lits simples. Une salle de bain, deux wc. Salon et cuisine américaine. Cœur de Paris. 
34339	STANDING In a good standing building, secured by a code and equipped with a lift, this apartment in Paris is located on the top floor (5th floor), ensuring silence, quietness and brightness. The wooden beams and floors give this Paris flat a roomy and comfortable atmosphere that one will have no other choice but to enjoy. LAYOUT This spacious Paris rental apartment has two separate bedrooms and will sleep four people. The hall way opens on the spacious living-room. The dining area features a large dining table for four guests. The living area has been equipped with a comfortable couch (changed in January 2014), armchairs, a coffee table and a king size flat television with cable TV channels. Each bedroom is accessible from the main room. The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200), a large wall closet where you will be able to store all your clothes and belongings, and a coffee table with two chairs. The second bedroom gives on the other side of the building. It has a sofabed wit	You will love coming home to this Paris 2-bedroom apartment after a long sightseeing day. It is a pleasant and comfortable retreat from where you will enjoy discovering the city and its attractions. STANDING In a good standing building, secured by a code and equipped with a lift, this apartment in Paris is located on the top floor (5th floor), ensuring silence, quietness and brightness. The wooden beams and floors give this Paris flat a roomy and comfortable atmosphere that one will have no other choice but to enjoy. LAYOUT This spacious Paris rental apartment has two separate bedrooms and will sleep four people. The hall way opens on the spacious living-room. The dining area features a large dining table for four guests. The living area has been equipped with a comfortable couch (changed in January 2014), armchairs, a coffee table and a king size flat television with cable TV channels. Each bedroom is accessible from the main room. The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160x200), a 
34340		This is a truely French elegant apartment, located on the fabulous and historical Ile Saint Louis, in a 17th century building.  Large 
34341	This charming apartment of 65 sqm is located on the Ile Saint Louis in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, on the 5th floor of a 18th century building with no elevator and it can accommodate 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD player. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 18th century building without elevator is equipped with an entry code and intercom. The living room of 20 m² has 2 double glazed windows facing street. It is equipped with: dining table for 4 people, two sofas, coffee table, TV with cable channels, DVD player, shelves, and oak parquet flooring. 5 m² kitchen has a separate double glazed window facing street. The kitchen has a fridge, freezer, ceramic hob, an extractor hood, an oven, a microwave, a washing machine, a coffee maker, kettle, toaster, all cooking utensils and tiled floors. The first room of 18 m² with its own bathroom / w	This charming apartment of 65 sqm is located on the Ile Saint Louis in the 4th arrondissement, on the 5th floor of a 18th century building with no elevator and it can accommodate 4 people. The 18th century building is equipped with a code and interco This charming apartment of 65 sqm is located on the Ile Saint Louis in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, on the 5th floor of a 18th century building with no elevator and it can accommodate 4 people. This apartment is equipped with: washer, cable, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, DVD player. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 18th century building without elevator is equipped with an entry code and intercom. The living room of 20 m² has 2 double glazed windows facing street. It is equipped with: dining table for 4 people, two sofas, coffee table, TV with cable channels, DVD player, shelves, and oak parquet flooring. 5 m² kitchen has a separate double glazed 
34342	Rue Saint-Louis-en-l’Isle, above the famous glacier Berthillon, a studio all furnished to rent, 20m2 sq (215 sq.ft), south orientation on the courtyard, in an old hôtel particulier of XVIIth century. Perfect for one or two people, for short stays in Paris.	    Romantic studio in rue Saint-Louis-en-l’Isle (behind Notre-Dame Cathedral), above the Berthillon famous Paris ice creams shop. Building XVIIe century, studio 215sq.ft (20m2), all furnished, 4th floor (no lift) for 2 people.    Rue Saint-Louis-en-l’Isle, above the famous glacier Berthillon, a studio all furnished to rent, 20m2 sq (215 sq.ft), south orientation on the courtyard, in an old hôtel particulier of XVIIth century. Perfect for one or two people, for short stays in Paris. Central Paris near Le marais, les Halles, Centre George Pompidou, la Bastille, St-Michel, rue Mouffetard, Pantheon, Le Louvre... We meet at the studio for keys, when you arrive. Can go everywhere for sightseeing on foot. Lots of shops all around in neighbourhood. Very central accomodation in Paris, with the Seine all around. Romantic and quiet. Metros St-Paul, Pont-Marie, Cité not far from the island. RER Notre-Dame/Saint-Michel, direct to airports. Many buses around.
34343	The location boasts walking distance access to fine restaurants and food shops, as well as antique stores, clothing botiques, museums and galleries.   On a nearby island rises the church of Notre Dame, and the Left Bank’s Latin quarter is right across the bridge.  Apartment Marie is truly situated in the heart of Paris. Guests cross a courtyard and ascend broad wooden stairs to this first floor flat.  Remodeled and refinished to feature modern conveniences and comforts, the Marie Apartment also retains its original wooden ceiling beams, high ceilings and tall windows. The open plan living and dining area is comfortable for four to six guests.  A cozy fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances is adjacent to the dining area. Two ample bedrooms each host king sized beds, hand fashioned closets, and en-suite rain shower bathrooms.  The apartment is centrally heated and cooled, provides laundry equipment, has a flat screen TV, and offers a computer (or guests may use their own laptops) 	Located on an exclusive oasis, an island in the middle of the Seine, the Marie Apartment retains much of its late French Renaissance character and charm.  The location boasts walking distance access to fine restaurants and food shops, as well as antique stores, clothing botiques, museums and galleries.   On a nearby island rises the church of Notre Dame, and the Left Bank’s Latin quarter is right across the bridge.  Apartment Marie is truly situated in the heart of Paris. Guests cross a courtyard and ascend broad wooden stairs to this first floor flat.  Remodeled and refinished to feature modern conveniences and comforts, the Marie Apartment also retains its original wooden ceiling beams, high ceilings and tall windows. The open plan living and dining area is comfortable for four to six guests.  A cozy fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances is adjacent to the dining area. Two ample bedrooms each host king sized beds, hand fashioned closets, and en-suite rain shower bathrooms.  T
34344	75 m2 avec salon, salle a manger, cuisine spacieuse, 2 chambres (1 lit 2p., 1 lit superposé), SdB, toilette. Refait à neuf en 2012. 4e étage sans ascenseur.  Exposé sud. Vue sur boulevard Saint Germain et la Seine. Idéal pour couple ou famille.	Appartement haussmannien 75 m2 refait à neuf, jouxtant La Tour d’Argent. Très proche de la Seine (2 min), l’Ile Saint Louis (2 min), Notre-Dame (5 min), Quartier Latin (5 min), Marais (7 min), Hôtel de Ville (10 min), jardin du Luxembourg (10 min)... 75 m2 avec salon, salle a manger, cuisine spacieuse, 2 chambres (1 lit 2p., 1 lit superposé), SdB, toilette. Refait à neuf en 2012. 4e étage sans ascenseur.  Exposé sud. Vue sur boulevard Saint Germain et la Seine. Idéal pour couple ou famille. Lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes et autre électro-ménager. Accès à petit balcon où il est possible de petit-déjeuner. Echanges par mail ou par téléphone en Français, Anglais (English), Allemand (Deutsch) et  Espagnol (Español). Quelques idées de visites à faire à pied : - Ballades : bords de Seine, île Saint Louis, île de la Cité, quartier Latin, Marais, Bastille - Monuments : Notre-Dame, Fontaine Saint Michel, Hôtel de Ville, Tour Saint Jacques, Opéra de la Bastille - Musées : collège des Be
34345	Appartement de charme dans un immeuble du 17ème siècle. il donne sur une cour calme. Il est plein sud, donc ensoleillé. L'appartement est tout confort avec une cuisine équipée, une connexion internet, machines à laver (linge et vaisselle)...	Charming 73m2 parisan lighty apartement on the Ile Saint Louis. Central, romantic and well served by transports. 
34346		Outstanding apartment in the heart of St Louis island. It consists of a living / dining room with open kitchen, 2 double bedrooms, bathroom and separate wc. Located on the 3rd floor it has a very high ceiling, lots of light, and its quiet rooms.
34347	This apartment is on Ile St. Louis, one of the two islands in the centre of Paris on river Seine. Very aptly placed for tourists, Notre Dame is 5 minutes walk away, major attractions like Hotel de Ville, Pompedeau are walkable distances. The apartment is a comfortable place with all amenities, and plenty of restaurants and shops around.	The apartment is in rue St Louis en l'ile 75004 Paris. Very centrally located in one of the islands on river Seine, with Notre Dame a 100 metres away, it is a perfect setting for tourists. The apartment is a studio, with 2+1 bed arrangement.  This apartment is on Ile St. Louis, one of the two islands in the centre of Paris on river Seine. Very aptly placed for tourists, Notre Dame is 5 minutes walk away, major attractions like Hotel de Ville, Pompedeau are walkable distances. The apartment is a comfortable place with all amenities, and plenty of restaurants and shops around. Washing, kitchen, internet. The neighbourhood is plenty with very good restaurants, super markets and convenient walk to metro and RER stations.  Notredame is 5 minutes walk away, and the island has beautiful views.  Very convenient, centrally located. 
34348	Very bright, very quiet, modern, with top-quality furnishings providing full comfort and a lovely living space.  Authentic hardwood floors throughout.  Almost all Bosch equipment.  Quartz counter-top.  Top-quality King-sized mattress. Fully designed for comfort, esthetics, and easy modern living, with plenty of closet space, unlike most rentals.  Plus, you have an elevator, and a view of the Pantheon.  Full modern comfort in the middle of quaint Paris action!	Beautiful newly renovated bright quiet 2 Bedroom with Pantheon view! Minutes to the Seine, Notre-Dame Cathedral, St. Michel, the Metro (both East-West, North-South lines), Rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes, restaurants, supermarkets, with Elevator!  Very bright, very quiet, modern, with top-quality furnishings providing full comfort and a lovely living space.  Authentic hardwood floors throughout.  Almost all Bosch equipment.  Quartz counter-top.  Top-quality King-sized mattress. Fully designed for comfort, esthetics, and easy modern living, with plenty of closet space, unlike most rentals.  Plus, you have an elevator, and a view of the Pantheon.  Full modern comfort in the middle of quaint Paris action! Available by phone and email.  My friend who manages the apartment (French-English) is also nearby for other questions.  I'm known to be a great host, so feel free with questions. The neighbourhood is fantastic - surrounded by the lovely Seine River, Ile-St-Louis, Notre-Dame, St Miche
34349	AFTER NOVEMBER 16TH MINIMUM STAY: 6 NIGHTS !! HEART OF THE HISTORICAL PARIS  Marais, in a securated and classified building, 2d floor, charming 2/3Rooms apt 40 m2, Ideal location in the very heart of historical Paris, metro station: Hôtel-de-Ville, just a few minutes on foot to the Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges, the Seine River, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Saint-Louis island... and most of the monuments and museums in Paris. Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets. Very charming, quiet, sunny, fully furnished, two bedrooms (one with a large bed, the other with a large and very good sofa/bed), Large bathroom with italian shower. Internet+tel+TV included. Electricity included for normal using. Perfect for one couple, two couples or one couple with one or two children. The apart, at the second floor without lift, reveals the real Paris thanks to its beams and stones.  - one bedroom with a large bed - one living room/bedroom with an excellent sofa/bed (large bed, shee	AFTER NOVEMBER 16TH MINIMUM STAY: 6 NIGHTS !! HEART OF THE HISTORICAL PARIS  Marais, in a securated and classified building, 2d floor, charming 2/3Rooms apt 40 m2, Ideal location in the very heart of historical Paris, metro station: Hôtel-de-Ville, just a few minutes on foot to the Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosges, the Seine River, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Saint-Louis island... and most of the monuments and museums in Paris. Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets. Very charming, quiet, sunny, fully furnished, two bedrooms (one with a large bed, the other with a large and very good sofa/bed), Large bathroom with italian shower. Internet+tel+TV included. Electricity included for normal using. Perfect for one couple, two couples or one couple with one or two children. The apart, at the second floor without lift, reveals the real Paris thanks to its beams and stones.  - one bedroom with a large bed - one living room/bedroom with an excellent sofa/bed (large bed, shee
34350	The apartment is located in the heart of the Marais, within a few minutes walk of some of Paris’ most significant attractions. The Place De Vosges, Picasso and Carnavalet Museums are all within touching distance of the front door. Indeed the area is France’s largest historical district and home to a 700 year old Jewish quarter. But the Marais is no ghetto, its 17th Century architecture acting as a stunning backdrop to one of the city’s most vibrant neighbourhoods. An area which boasts some of Paris’ finest restaurants and cafes and which poses a challenge to even the most serious and sophisticated of shoppers.  In keeping with its historic surroundings, the apartment is located on the second floor of ‘Hôtel Herouet’, one of the Marais’ ‘Hôtel Particuliers’. These ‘Hôtel’ were the smart townhouses built and occupied by the aristocracy, intellectuals and nobility of Paris’ 17th Century court. The unit, one of only five apartments in the building, is accessed through large wooden doors on	The apartment is located in the heart of the Marais, within a few minutes walk of some of Paris’ most significant attractions. The Place De Vosges, Picasso and Carnavalet Museums are all within touching distance of the front door. Indeed the area is France’s largest historical district and home to a 700 year old Jewish quarter. But the Marais is no ghetto, its 17th Century architecture acting as a stunning backdrop to one of the city’s most vibrant neighbourhoods. An area which boasts some of Paris’ finest restaurants and cafes and which poses a challenge to even the most serious and sophisticated of shoppers.  In keeping with its historic surroundings, the apartment is located on the second floor of ‘Hôtel Herouet’, one of the Marais’ ‘Hôtel Particuliers’. These ‘Hôtel’ were the smart townhouses built and occupied by the aristocracy, intellectuals and nobility of Paris’ 17th Century court. The unit, one of only five apartments in the building, is accessed through large wooden doors on
34351	This lovely duplex is set in the ultimate location in Paris, on the top floor (with elevator) of a listed 17th century townhouse, three minutes walk from the Seine. 160 sq Meters (1750 sq ft), four bedrooms all with queen size beds, two bathrooms and all the amenities expected in a modern luxury apartment. (Fast internet and allergic-free organic washed linens.)  The location is possibly the last quiet and unspoilt block in central Paris (village st Paul), and yet you have access to three different metro lines (and a taxi station) two minutes away. As you can see from the photographs, this is a home, it is not designed for the sole purpose to rent. (Not a single bolt from Ikea.) I limit the number of tenants and require a minimum length of stay because this place is more like a country house than a shelter, albeit a luxurious one... The building is extremely secure since a full time concierge lives in the building. If you like light, the sun and to sleep with windows open and wake up o	This lovely duplex is set in the ultimate location in Paris, on the top floor (with elevator) of a listed 17th century townhouse, three minutes walk from the Seine. 160 sq Meters (1750 sq ft), four bedrooms all with queen size beds, two bathrooms and all the amenities expected in a modern luxury apartment. (Fast internet and allergic-free organic washed linens.)  The location is possibly the last quiet and unspoilt block in central Paris (village st Paul), and yet you have access to three different metro lines (and a taxi station) two minutes away. As you can see from the photographs, this is a home, it is not designed for the sole purpose to rent. (Not a single bolt from Ikea.) I limit the number of tenants and require a minimum length of stay because this place is more like a country house than a shelter, albeit a luxurious one... The building is extremely secure since a full time concierge lives in the building. If you like light, the sun and to sleep with windows open and wake up o
34352	En plein coeur de Paris ! Profitez de l’ambiance cosy de cet appartement situé dans une ruelle du très prisé quartier Montorgueil, zone piétonne fourmillant des petits commerces alimentaires, boutiques, restaurants et cafés. Traversez les jardins des Halles, pour atteindre la rue de Rivoli qui vous mènera en quelques minutes au Louvre et au si romantique jardin des Tuileries.  Et oui, toutes vos ballades dans le cœur historique pourront se faire à pied ! De plus, les lignes de métro n° 1, 7, 11,4 ,3 et 14 et les trains régionaux RER A, B et D à deux pas (station Chatelet les Halles) vous ouvrent toutes les autres destinations incontournables de la ville et offrent un accès direct ou quasi direct aux gares et aux aéroports internationaux d’Orly et de Charles de Gaulle. L'appartement : charment petit appartement situé 2 ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble traditionnel parisien. La pièce à vivre  cosy, est dotée d’un canapé sofa (2 couchages, largeur 140 cm) et de tout le confort mod	En plein coeur de Paris ! Quartier Montorgueil Profitez de l’ambiance cosy de cet appartement situé dans une ruelle du très prisé quartier Montorgueil, zone piétonne fourmillant des petits commerces alimentaires, boutiques, restaurants et cafés. En plein coeur de Paris ! Profitez de l’ambiance cosy de cet appartement situé dans une ruelle du très prisé quartier Montorgueil, zone piétonne fourmillant des petits commerces alimentaires, boutiques, restaurants et cafés. Traversez les jardins des Halles, pour atteindre la rue de Rivoli qui vous mènera en quelques minutes au Louvre et au si romantique jardin des Tuileries.  Et oui, toutes vos ballades dans le cœur historique pourront se faire à pied ! De plus, les lignes de métro n° 1, 7, 11,4 ,3 et 14 et les trains régionaux RER A, B et D à deux pas (station Chatelet les Halles) vous ouvrent toutes les autres destinations incontournables de la ville et offrent un accès direct ou quasi direct aux gares et aux aéroports internationaux d’Orly 
34353	"Listen to our gests ... ""La localización y el trato personal"" “Ontvangst. Contact via sms was prima. Locatie in Le Marais is te gek. ” ""The Apartment was clean, well presented and so convenient to all the sights. Surrounded by excellent facilities,shops,cafes,restaurants.this was the first time that I had directly booked my own accomodation by Internet and it was an excellent experience. ” “- Exzellente Lage in schönem Stadtteil mit viel Möglichkeiten - Praktisch und stilvoll eingerichtet - Telefonflat ins Ausland klasse” The apartment! It is conveniently located close to the Place des Vosges! On the second floor no lift. This is a two-piece fitted kitchen and separate bathroom with shower and toilet. You enter the first room that includes a sofa bed for two persons, coffee table, dining table and four chairs (two folding). The kitchen awaits you with induction hob, the fridge, the hood, the washing machine, the toaster, the coffee maker, a microwave oven ... etc. The sofa bed is very "	"Listen to our gests ... ""La localización y el trato personal"" “Ontvangst. Contact via sms was prima. Locatie in Le Marais is te gek. ” ""The Apartment was clean, well presented and so convenient to all the sights. Surrounded by excellent facilities,shops,cafes,restaurants.this was the first time that I had directly booked my own accomodation by Internet and it was an excellent experience. ” “- Exzellente Lage in schönem Stadtteil mit viel Möglichkeiten - Praktisch und stilvoll eingerichtet - Telefonflat ins Ausland klasse” The apartment! It is conveniently located close to the Place des Vosges! On the second floor no lift. This is a two-piece fitted kitchen and separate bathroom with shower and toilet. You enter the first room that includes a sofa bed for two persons, coffee table, dining table and four chairs (two folding). The kitchen awaits you with induction hob, the fridge, the hood, the washing machine, the toaster, the coffee maker, a microwave oven ... etc. The sofa bed is very "
34354	This splendid apartment, at the very least atypical of 1000 ft2 is located in what is called a “Hotel Particulier” built at the XVIIème century, known as “the hotel of Aubray” to the exceptional staircase and certain architectural elements that are indexed like belonging to the history of the XVIIème century.  It was the residence of famous and sulfurous Marquise de Brinvilliers. The attic apartment was entirely remodeled by the owner, an architect. Plunge in a universe of beams of old parquet floor, old tiles, objects, travel souvenirs, of unique creations (the owners are designers). The apartment hides unsuspected corners, and astutely camouflaged cupboards. It offers nice surprises: a bath-tub with a view on the roofs of Paris which makes it possible to see all without being seen! The shower with skylight... Or the bedroom that disappears behind curtains. The livingroom is extremely cosy and welcoming, with a nice open kitchen, perfectly equiped for the traveling cooks.  Windows all	Hidden under under the roof of a 17th century Hotel Particulier, This 1000 ft2 unusual apartment, is in the centre of the old Paris. Enjoy living in Paris in this unique 2 bedroom apartment hosting up to 4 people. This splendid apartment, at the very least atypical of 1000 ft2 is located in what is called a “Hotel Particulier” built at the XVIIème century, known as “the hotel of Aubray” to the exceptional staircase and certain architectural elements that are indexed like belonging to the history of the XVIIème century.  It was the residence of famous and sulfurous Marquise de Brinvilliers. The attic apartment was entirely remodeled by the owner, an architect. Plunge in a universe of beams of old parquet floor, old tiles, objects, travel souvenirs, of unique creations (the owners are designers). The apartment hides unsuspected corners, and astutely camouflaged cupboards. It offers nice surprises: a bath-tub with a view on the roofs of Paris which makes it possible to see all without bei
34355	"It's a beautiful bedroom of 12 sqm in a 60 sqm flat in a XVIIe century artistic building (painting workshop at the ground floor, violonist at the 3rd floor...). The real charm of Marais with authentic materials ! Ideal for travellers who want to wander all day outside ! But you can also work, relax, cook, do some shopping... I also have many guides about Paris and can advise you about special less known architecture spots.  What people usually like about my place is its perfect situation in Paris, its typical architectural style and its soul, mixing art tools, modern design and ancient family furniture, hand made furniture, brought back from my trips. It creates a Bohême atmosphere. You can read the positive comments on my profile : they concern this apartment where I live for one year, when i was living in the other room !  The building has a familial atmosphere. It is required to say ""bonjour"" and smile to the neighbours. :) You have the rustic character, ground, doors, ceiling are n"	Authentic quiet bedroom : real hexagonal ancient floor tile & design furniture. By foot from Ile Saint-Louis, Pompidou Center with a great choice of cosmopolite restaurants, bio food & design shops. Dining room, kitchen & bathroom to share (30 sqm) It's a beautiful bedroom of 12 sqm in a 60 sqm flat in a XVIIe century artistic building (painting workshop at the ground floor, violonist at the 3rd floor...). The real charm of Marais with authentic materials ! Ideal for travellers who want to wander all day outside ! But you can also work, relax, cook, do some shopping... I also have many guides about Paris and can advise you about special less known architecture spots.  What people usually like about my place is its perfect situation in Paris, its typical architectural style and its soul, mixing art tools, modern design and ancient family furniture, hand made furniture, brought back from my trips. It creates a Bohême atmosphere. You can read the positive comments on my profile : they con
34356	Large studio (38m²), with a charming and opened view, at the second floor of a building built in the 18th century and located in an animated and historical Parisian neighborhood called “Le Marais”. The studio is really bright and opens onto an inner courtyard away from the street noises. It consists of an entry, an opened kitchen, a living room, an opened bedroom and, of course, a bathroom. The kitchen includes a microwave, a combined refrigerator-freezer, a gas cooker with 2 burners, an electric kettle, dishes, pots, pans and a dining table for 4 people. There is a double bed in the bedroom. In the bathroom, you will find a shower, a washbasin, a toilet and a hairdryer. The household linen is provided (bath and bed). Inside, you will be able to go web surfing by using the wireless Internet and watch lots of international channels on TV. By going out, you will enjoy in the area lots of trendy shops, restaurants, bars, cafés and many cultural spots (the Pompidou Center, the Government A	Large studio (38m²), with a charming and opened view, at the second floor of a building built in the 18th century and located in an animated and historical Parisian neighborhood called “Le Marais”. The studio is really bright and opens onto an inner courtyard away from the street noises. It consists of an entry, an opened kitchen, a living room, an opened bedroom and, of course, a bathroom. The kitchen includes a microwave, a combined refrigerator-freezer, a gas cooker with 2 burners, an electric kettle, dishes, pots, pans and a dining table for 4 people. There is a double bed in the bedroom. In the bathroom, you will find a shower, a washbasin, a toilet and a hairdryer. The household linen is provided (bath and bed). Inside, you will be able to go web surfing by using the wireless Internet and watch lots of international channels on TV. By going out, you will enjoy in the area lots of trendy shops, restaurants, bars, cafés and many cultural spots (the Pompidou Center, the Government A
34357		          1 bedroom / studio Apartment in the heart of Paris in the famous Ile Saint louis, the Paris Island at 3 min walk from Notre Dame and  Quartier Latin: St Michel Fountain, La Sorbonne, rue Mouffetard  with new furniture. On the 4th floor  
34358	Let us welcome you to this gorgeous and completely renovated beauty of an apartment in the chic Marais neighborhood of Paris!   Upon entering the apartment, you will find yourself in a small entry.  There is a separate toilet room to your left, and as you walk down the hall, you will find the kitchen.  The kitchen features a sink, electric stove top, microwave, and all pots/pans, dishes, utensils, and cutlery you will need. Just off of the kitchen, you will find a beautiful living room, complete with two large sofa beds (each 140 cm wide), coffee table, and flat screen TV.  Cable TV services is included, as is WiFi.  There is also a large closet to store your things. The bathroom is tucked between the living room and the bedroom, and features a shower, sink, and washer/dryer combo.  The bedroom has a bed (160 cm wide) and lots of shelving to organize your belongings.  All pillows, linens, duvets, and towels are provided. The neighborhood is charming and full of energy and life.  The Ma	Let us welcome you to this gorgeous and completely renovated beauty of an apartment in the chic Marais neighborhood of Paris!   Upon entering the apartment, you will find yourself in a small entry.  There is a separate toilet room to your left, and as you walk down the hall, you will find the kitchen.  The kitchen features a sink, electric stove top, microwave, and all pots/pans, dishes, utensils, and cutlery you will need. Just off of the kitchen, you will find a beautiful living room, complete with two large sofa beds (each 140 cm wide), coffee table, and flat screen TV.  Cable TV services is included, as is WiFi.  There is also a large closet to store your things. The bathroom is tucked between the living room and the bedroom, and features a shower, sink, and washer/dryer combo.  The bedroom has a bed (160 cm wide) and lots of shelving to organize your belongings.  All pillows, linens, duvets, and towels are provided. The neighborhood is charming and full of energy and life.  The Ma
34359		in a prime location on the Île Saint-Louis, this appartment is perfect for visiting Paris, Notre-Dame is 3 minutes away, the Marais is 5 minutes away and many subways nearby (phone number hidden),RER A B C and D). The decoration is typically parisian
34360	Enjoy the beauty and calm of this exquisite (email hidden)is magnificent 60 m2 (about 645 ft2) apartment is on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) of a 17th century building. Walking up to the apartment, one can’t help but appreciate the stairway, with its heavy oak banister dating from the 1630's, as well as the typical opening to the courtyard on the first landing. Renovated in 2013, guests will enjoy the modern comforts in this landmark setting. The apartment has retained the style of the Louis XIII period, creating an effect of breathtaking beauty. In keeping with the period, the apartment has retained its original wooden beams, the stone fireplace, the slightly slanting floors, and charming brick tiles. Distinguished and tastefully decorated, natural light flows in through the tall French windows. The rust colored walls and tiles as well as area rugs bring warmth to this elegant living room. The open kitchen, a sofa bed and table for 4 make it welcoming and pleasant. Old prints of Par	This apartment offers the refinement of an upscale apartment on one of the loveliest settings in Paris. Ile Saint Louis, an island separating the left and right banks, is easily accessible to many of the major sites in just minutes.  Enjoy the beauty and calm of this exquisite (email hidden)is magnificent 60 m2 (about 645 ft2) apartment is on the 2nd European floor (3rd US) of a 17th century building. Walking up to the apartment, one can’t help but appreciate the stairway, with its heavy oak banister dating from the 1630's, as well as the typical opening to the courtyard on the first landing. Renovated in 2013, guests will enjoy the modern comforts in this landmark setting. The apartment has retained the style of the Louis XIII period, creating an effect of breathtaking beauty. In keeping with the period, the apartment has retained its original wooden beams, the stone fireplace, the slightly slanting floors, and charming brick tiles. Distinguished and tastefully decorated, natural ligh
34361	Il est dans un super quartier. Au centre de tout	Romantique petit studio sous les toits de Paris. Attention, 6 eme étages sans ascenseur. 20 m2 Il est dans un super quartier. Au centre de tout Non Metro Strasbourg saint Denis
34362	Our flat is located on the famous Ile Saint Louis, which is a part of the historical district « le Marais ». It is a very quiet place though in the middle of everything in Paris. We are close to 2 metro lines (one very close, the other one a little further) and 6 bus lines. And many places of interest (Opera Bastille, le Marais, the Notre Dame cathedral, different museums, streets where you can shop everything…, famous and less famous restaurants….) are at a walking distance. We are at the 3rd floor (French way, 4th floor American way), with a lift (which is a strong privilege as not common in the island).  The flat is around 90 square meters , with 4 rooms: a large (sunny) living room, a dining room, and 2 bedrooms, an equipped kitchen, and a bathroom. It has cable TV, telephone (you can use internet, which means that telephone calls are free for many destinations –including the US- which we will explain when you are there), a JVC hi-fi. We have wifi as well as a small computer. In th	Our flat is located on the famous Ile Saint Louis, which is a part of the historical district « le Marais ». It is a very quiet place though in the middle of everything in Paris. Our flat is located on the famous Ile Saint Louis, which is a part of the historical district « le Marais ». It is a very quiet place though in the middle of everything in Paris. We are close to 2 metro lines (one very close, the other one a little further) and 6 bus lines. And many places of interest (Opera Bastille, le Marais, the Notre Dame cathedral, different museums, streets where you can shop everything…, famous and less famous restaurants….) are at a walking distance. We are at the 3rd floor (French way, 4th floor American way), with a lift (which is a strong privilege as not common in the island).  The flat is around 90 square meters , with 4 rooms: a large (sunny) living room, a dining room, and 2 bedrooms, an equipped kitchen, and a bathroom. It has cable TV, telephone (you can use internet, which m
34363		"Discover our beautiful and calm studio in the heart of Paris, in the charming Ile Saint Louis, the perfect neighborhood to try out the Parisian way of life. Enjoy a Berthillon ice cream or a picnic on the ""Quais de Seine"", it is now your garden."
34364		Very charming apartment in Hausmann building. Amazing view of the st jacques Tower. Only 2 mn walk from the Louvre, the marais corner, the river, Notre Dame church. The appartment is very clear, spacious( 95 sq/m).
34365	Complete Visit of PAris by the River	Visit of Paris with a private Boat. The pilote will be your guide. Champage included. Group of 8 people. Complete visit in 3 hours. Ideal for Birthday or Celebration. By day or By night. Complete Visit of PAris by the River Champagne + Music I'll be the guide - I'll serve the Champagne - I'll ask for the choice of music
34366	Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood of Le Marais it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door  This apartment ,a harbor of peace in the heart of Paris where you can completely relax in a lovely stylish, open  space after a long day of sight-seeing.	Make the best of your stay in one of the most beautiful cities of the world. This  apartment is the perfect mix of space and coziness It  will make you feel in your home away from home, a harbor of peace. Situated in the hip and fashionable neighborhood of Le Marais it will be easy to visit anything you want in Paris. Close to all the touristic areas and an extremely large choice of shops and restaurants right outside your door  This apartment ,a harbor of peace in the heart of Paris where you can completely relax in a lovely stylish, open  space after a long day of sight-seeing. Metro St Paul /Line 1  5 minutes walking
34367	the flat is just à new listing, very cosy and quiet, typical french building and i put parisien touch to tell you à real Nice atmosphere	ce petit bijoux d'appartement idéalement place à l'angle de la rue des archives et de la rue des francs bourgeois dans le mythique quartier du marais vous fera passe un séjour de rêve dans une réel atmosphère parisienne the flat is just à new listing, very cosy and quiet, typical french building and i put parisien touch to tell you à real Nice atmosphere All in the flat You CAN ask what you Want 24/24 Best in Paris Le marais is Like à village where you have to walk into the street to feel historic area of Paris You Many bars and restaurant downstair metro hotel de ville lign 1 metro temple
34368	Available anytime in the year, for short terms generally and LONG TERM from mid March to mid July. PM for more details.  Very pretty 28m2 studio. Last floor, mezzanine. In the heart of Paris, this furnished flat includes: A shower bath room A little kitchen An internet Wifi Non smoking Right in the middle of Paris, you will find anything you need in the neighborhood: bars, coffee shop, restaurans, independant cinema. Public Transportations: Metro Pont-Marie , line 7. About the 4th arrondissement: The 4th is possibly one of the best places to live in Paris.	In the most beautiful and rare part of Paris, the Saint Louis island, you will feel special enjoying one of the oldest part of Paris. Ideal for heritage lovers. Available anytime in the year, for short terms generally and LONG TERM from mid March to mid July. PM for more details.  Very pretty 28m2 studio. Last floor, mezzanine. In the heart of Paris, this furnished flat includes: A shower bath room A little kitchen An internet Wifi Non smoking Right in the middle of Paris, you will find anything you need in the neighborhood: bars, coffee shop, restaurans, independant cinema. Public Transportations: Metro Pont-Marie , line 7. About the 4th arrondissement: The 4th is possibly one of the best places to live in Paris. Saint-Régis restaurant, Berthillon ice cream hotspot Line 7 Pont Marie station is the closest. bed is 2 meters wide.
34369		Charmant appartement de 21m2 idéalement situé entre Saint-Paul et Hôtel de ville. Appartement situé en plein coeur du quartier du Marais, donnant sur une impasse, 3ième étage, il bénéficie d'une ambiance calme et est très agréable à vivre.
34370	Cosy St Paul has been designed and furnished with care in order to offer a comfortable and charming accomodation. The apartment of 161 square feet  is on the 2nd floor of a building with elevator. Composed by a unique room, this accommodation has a very comfortable sofa bed for up to 2 people.  Its location between two courtyards provides a true quiet. 	Cosy St Paul is a charming design studio located in one of the most fashionable district of Paris, the Marais, in the heart of the French capitol. Completely renovated and tastefully decorated, the flat is a cosy 15m2 (161ft2)  and sleeps 2 people Cosy St Paul has been designed and furnished with care in order to offer a comfortable and charming accomodation. The apartment of 161 square feet  is on the 2nd floor of a building with elevator. Composed by a unique room, this accommodation has a very comfortable sofa bed for up to 2 people.  Its location between two courtyards provides a true quiet. Fridge, freezer, microwave, kettle, coffee machine, toaster as well as flat TV and internet WI-FI free connection are available for the guests. Towels and linens are included. For condo's rules about quietness:  CHECK-INS ALLOWED ONLY WITHIN 10PM; CHECK-OUTS ALLOWED ONLY FROM 7AM. EXTRA FEES will be charged cash at the arrival in case of: - Late check-ins (from 8.00pm to 10.00pm): 40€ - Check-i
34371	Au cœur du marais, entre la Bastille, l’hôtel de ville de Paris, l’île Saint Louis, vous séjournerez dans un immeuble historique et un appartement parisien typique de deux pièces au 5ème étage, d’un immeuble intimiste ou vous pourrez découvrir au cours de votre séjour les merveilles du musée du Louvre, du musée d'Orsay, de Notre-Dame, vous promener au jardin des Tuileries. Idéalement situé pour les amoureux de Paris, du shopping, des galeries d'arts et de la gastronomie Française. Délicat mélange d'élégance, de confort et de raffinement. Lumineux, calme, équipé d'une salle de bain, douche, wc.  La cuisine est équipé d’un réfrigérateur, de plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes et d'un four. Wifi, linge de maison fourni, draps, serviettes. L'immeuble est sécurisé par un code d'accès et un interphone. L'appartement est à proximité de stations de taxi, de nombreuses lignes de bus et métro (Saint-Paul, La Bastille).	Situated on the 5th floor Le Marais old building and antic street, it will allow you to experience and enjoy the Paris’ center way of life ! Charming place perfect for a couple which wants to enjoy holidays  Au cœur du marais, entre la Bastille, l’hôtel de ville de Paris, l’île Saint Louis, vous séjournerez dans un immeuble historique et un appartement parisien typique de deux pièces au 5ème étage, d’un immeuble intimiste ou vous pourrez découvrir au cours de votre séjour les merveilles du musée du Louvre, du musée d'Orsay, de Notre-Dame, vous promener au jardin des Tuileries. Idéalement situé pour les amoureux de Paris, du shopping, des galeries d'arts et de la gastronomie Française. Délicat mélange d'élégance, de confort et de raffinement. Lumineux, calme, équipé d'une salle de bain, douche, wc.  La cuisine est équipé d’un réfrigérateur, de plaques vitrocéramiques, micro-ondes et d'un four. Wifi, linge de maison fourni, draps, serviettes. L'immeuble est sécurisé par un code d'accès e
34372	The apartment has been completely designed by an architect in a typical Parisian style. It has 2 bedrooms. One with a double lite. One with a single bed. In the living room, a double sofa bed. A bathroom (with washing machine / dryer). A fully equipped kitchen. Double Glazing. 20 meters from the famous Place des Vosges. And a few steps from the Bastille, the Marais ... It's the perfect area to visit Paris. All around the appartements, There is à lot of restaurants, café, brasseries open for lunch And dinner. I Will give you my best adresses :-) Metro Saint Paul (line 1) or Chemin Vert (line 8). 	Apartment completely renovated by a famous architect specializing in renovations. 1st choice location, beautiful historic and lively Le Marais.  1st floor, double glazing, 2 bedrooms, living room LCD TV, high speed internet, wifi, kitchen, bathroom kitchen. High ceilings. The apartment has been completely designed by an architect in a typical Parisian style. It has 2 bedrooms. One with a double lite. One with a single bed. In the living room, a double sofa bed. A bathroom (with washing machine / dryer). A fully equipped kitchen. Double Glazing. 20 meters from the famous Place des Vosges. And a few steps from the Bastille, the Marais ... It's the perfect area to visit Paris. All around the appartements, There is à lot of restaurants, café, brasseries open for lunch And dinner. I Will give you my best adresses :-) Metro Saint Paul (line 1) or Chemin Vert (line 8). 
34373	The studio apartment ( Floor area 21m2 -1st Floor no elevator)  is newly refurbished,impeccably clean and has a great flow of natural light.The modern kitchen area boasts all one needs,as well as a washing machine internet with Wifi,tv and dvd player A great choice ! Be well and have an amazing week !	"Ideally located in the heart of the charming Marais district.A minute's walk from the the stunning ""Place des Vosges"" in all its beauty and historical richness. Surrounded by bustling, fashionable yet friendly, restaurants and cafes as well as the best boutique shopping.  metro stations: Bastille and St Paul. The studio apartment ( Floor area 21m2 -1st Floor no elevator)  is newly refurbished,impeccably clean and has a great flow of natural light.The modern kitchen area boasts all one needs,as well as a washing machine internet with Wifi,tv and dvd player A great choice ! Be well and have an amazing week !  From Charles de Gaulle,it's easy to find a taxi ,around 50 euros go straight to the apartment-RER B to gare du nord and then metro line 5 (direction place d italie) and stop to bastille.From orly taxi (same as from CDG).RER used the RER B,straight to,Gare du Nord and then the metro line 5(direction place d italie) for a few stop to Bastille,then rue ST Antoine then first on your han"
34374	This Charming apartment has just been completely renovated and is located in the 4th arrondissement and on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). The immediate neighborhood is a playground for travelers, with everything you might want from culinary treats, shopping and the river Seine at your doorstep. You’ll enjoy free WiFi and international calling to many countries (including US, Australia, Western Europe & Israel). The apartment is a one-bedroom of approximately 40 meters and can sleep up to 4 guests, with a double bed in the master bedroom and a high-quality sofa-bed in the living room. Please read on for further details about the apartment.	This Charming apartment has just been completely renovated and is located in the 4th arrondissement and on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). The immediate neighborhood is a playground for travelers. This Charming apartment has just been completely renovated and is located in the 4th arrondissement and on the 4th floor of the building (no elevator). The immediate neighborhood is a playground for travelers, with everything you might want from culinary treats, shopping and the river Seine at your doorstep. You’ll enjoy free WiFi and international calling to many countries (including US, Australia, Western Europe & Israel). The apartment is a one-bedroom of approximately 40 meters and can sleep up to 4 guests, with a double bed in the master bedroom and a high-quality sofa-bed in the living room. Please read on for further details about the apartment. Guests have access to entire apartment. Guests are required to be respectful of neighbors and not make noise late at night. Guest
34375	Surrounded by historical monuments, our flat totally belongs in the neighborhood. With its wooden floors and visible beams, it's a piece of heaven right in the center of Paris. Notre Dame, Saint Michel, Le Marais, l'Hôtel de Ville... are just a 5 minutes walk away.	Located on L'île Saint Louis, near Notre Dame and Le Marais, our flat is  Keys can be taken at my office (Métro Sentier, Paris Centre) or at the flat when we're available to meet you directly
34376	The apartment overlooks one of the most beautiful squares in Paris , in the Marais for a unique stay in an absolutely privileged and magical place ! It is equipped for 1 or 2 people on the top floor after a small private staircase attic with views over the Place des Vosges on one side , over the roofs of Paris without opposite each other . Covering an area of 32m2 square on the ground, it is equipped with a mezzanine cocooning for an adult ( 100x200cm ) and a comfortable sofa bed for 2 persons ( 160x200 ) . A kitchen equipped with induction hob space, a separate fridge and freezer , a microwave , a bathroom with walk-in shower and WC, heated towel rail, hairdryer, and washing machine built . The living space with unobstructed views instead consists of a sofa, an armchair, a table and a desk. The studio renovated by architect in 2012 is modern and contemporary. It is equipped with wifi, HD TV and a home theater system and HIFI latest to listen iphone / ipad, and other mp3 player Airplay	Resolutely modern and romantic studio in the roofs of the most exclusive place Paris! The apartment overlooks one of the most beautiful squares in Paris , in the Marais for a unique stay in an absolutely privileged and magical place ! It is equipped for 1 or 2 people on the top floor after a small private staircase attic with views over the Place des Vosges on one side , over the roofs of Paris without opposite each other . Covering an area of 32m2 square on the ground, it is equipped with a mezzanine cocooning for an adult ( 100x200cm ) and a comfortable sofa bed for 2 persons ( 160x200 ) . A kitchen equipped with induction hob space, a separate fridge and freezer , a microwave , a bathroom with walk-in shower and WC, heated towel rail, hairdryer, and washing machine built . The living space with unobstructed views instead consists of a sofa, an armchair, a table and a desk. The studio renovated by architect in 2012 is modern and contemporary. It is equipped with wifi, HD TV and a hom
34377	The flat is oriented on a large street (West) and a courtyard (East) and has 5 windows --> really bright. The building is an old and typical french architecture. Live in the apartment of a real parisian ! I live in it since 3 years and it is a real pleasure. Equipments :  TV, WIFI  Washing machine, fridge, electric cooktop, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle, complete crockery, flatiron. The apartment is ideally located in the heart of the historic Marais, in a charming street (rue des Archives), where you can find very close a supermaket, a nice bakery, some cafés and restaurants. Access by foot within 200 m: Metro Hotel de Ville (line 1 and line 11), the Seine river, the Hotel de Ville, Ile de la Cité Between 5 to 10 minutes walk: Notre Dame, Ile Saint Louis, Place des Vosges, Museum Georges Pompidou, Bastille 	This very cute and typical apartment is conveniently located rue des Archives : the CENTER of PARIS This area is a historical distric and a trendy place The flat is at 5 minutes by walk of NOTRE DAME Perfect place to live as a REAL PARISIAN The flat is oriented on a large street (West) and a courtyard (East) and has 5 windows --> really bright. The building is an old and typical french architecture. Live in the apartment of a real parisian ! I live in it since 3 years and it is a real pleasure. Equipments :  TV, WIFI  Washing machine, fridge, electric cooktop, oven, microwave, toaster, kettle, complete crockery, flatiron. The apartment is ideally located in the heart of the historic Marais, in a charming street (rue des Archives), where you can find very close a supermaket, a nice bakery, some cafés and restaurants. Access by foot within 200 m: Metro Hotel de Ville (line 1 and line 11), the Seine river, the Hotel de Ville, Ile de la Cité Between 5 to 10 minutes walk: Notre Dame, Ile Sa
34378	(Important note: While making reservation requests, please do mention your check-in & check-out time to allow us enough time to prepare for your arrival) The apartment is situated in the heart of historical town center of Paris, in the famous Marais neighborhood (near Hotel de Ville, Musée de la chasse and  in front of Mussée des archives). Below is a description of the property: 1. Location: Paris 3rd district, near metro Hotel de Ville (Line 1 & 11) & 10 minutes walk from Chatelet-Les Halles (Line RER B with direct link to the airport Charles de Gaulle in 40 minutes) 2. Apartment: The property is on the ground floor in a 17th century residential building. It consists of 2 rooms with a total surface area of 46 m² / 495 ft². The first piece consists of the dining room, bathroom & fully furnished kitchen. The second piece is a large bedroom cum living room with high ceilings and wooden floor. There is a large double bed in one corner, and a sofa-bed in another corner in case you are mor	The apartment is situated in the heart of historical town center of Paris, in the famous Marais neighborhood (near Hotel de Ville, Musée de la chasse and  in front of Mussée des archives).             (Important note: While making reservation requests, please do mention your check-in & check-out time to allow us enough time to prepare for your arrival) The apartment is situated in the heart of historical town center of Paris, in the famous Marais neighborhood (near Hotel de Ville, Musée de la chasse and  in front of Mussée des archives). Below is a description of the property: 1. Location: Paris 3rd district, near metro Hotel de Ville (Line 1 & 11) & 10 minutes walk from Chatelet-Les Halles (Line RER B with direct link to the airport Charles de Gaulle in 40 minutes) 2. Apartment: The property is on the ground floor in a 17th century residential building. It consists of 2 rooms with a total surface area of 46 m² / 495 ft². The first piece consists of the dining room, bathroom & fully fu
34379	"3 NIGHTS MINIMUM. 2 rooms, 32 m² for 1-3 people. Clear in a very quiet building, renovated in 2008. 4th floor (with elevator) in a building which has also been renovated in 2003. Very handy: entrance hall, living-room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, separate toilets. Electric heating.  Equipment Kitchen: small kitchen with sink, fridge, 2 electric plates, microwave, coffeepot, toaster. Living-room: 2 seats, 2 tables, sofa bed (140 cm X 190 cm), chairs, TV, radio, internet broadband connexion. Room: chest of drawers, bed (140 cm X 190 cm), seats.  Wardrobe.  Bathroom: washbasin, shower, hair drier. Iron and ironing board. Le  Marais is the historical, popular and aristocratic heart of Paris. Between the Place des Vosges and the Beaubourg Centre, town houses interspersed with museums as well as art galleries. You can walk to many cultural sites such as Notre-Dame, the St-Louis Island and, the Quartier Latin... Metro Station ""Rambuteau"" is 100 meters from the apartment, bus stops as well. Yo"	"3 NIGHTS MINIMUM. 2 rooms, 32 m² for 1-3 people. Clear in a very quiet building, renovated in 2008. 4th floor (with elevator) in a building which has also been renovated in 2003. Very handy: entrance hall, living-room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, separate toilets. Electric heating.  Equipment Kitchen: small kitchen with sink, fridge, 2 electric plates, microwave, coffeepot, toaster. Living-room: 2 seats, 2 tables, sofa bed (140 cm X 190 cm), chairs, TV, radio, internet broadband connexion. Room: chest of drawers, bed (140 cm X 190 cm), seats.  Wardrobe.  Bathroom: washbasin, shower, hair drier. Iron and ironing board. Le  Marais is the historical, popular and aristocratic heart of Paris. Between the Place des Vosges and the Beaubourg Centre, town houses interspersed with museums as well as art galleries. You can walk to many cultural sites such as Notre-Dame, the St-Louis Island and, the Quartier Latin... Metro Station ""Rambuteau"" is 100 meters from the apartment, bus stops as well. Yo"
34380	The flat is very well located to have a great stay in Paris. Beaubourg is a lively and pleasant area, in the heart of Paris and close to the Marais. These are street where there is almost no car, like a vilage. The apartment is nice, 20 square meters, with everything you need for a comfortable stay.	Cosy studio located in the Marais, at the foot of Pompidou Center in a nice lively street with shops , terraces and cafes  Close to metro stops (2 minutes walking), L(phone number hidden), RER A Internet wifi and TV Nespresso You are in the heart of Paris The flat is very well located to have a great stay in Paris. Beaubourg is a lively and pleasant area, in the heart of Paris and close to the Marais. These are street where there is almost no car, like a vilage. The apartment is nice, 20 square meters, with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Whole apartment. I will be there for welcome you at your arrival. For the check out just put the key on the mailbox You can call me for everything you need The Marais area is famous for its historic streets , museums , art galleries and terraces. On top of that it is ideal to enjoy paris as it is close to many monuments. Close to metro stops, 3 minutes walking to Lines (phone number hidden) and from RER A
34381	"Le Marais -  historic and center place : Metro Bastille- Many buses also. Cozy & spacious private room perfect for two. 4th floor without lift but easy to climb. Bedroom with 4 meter high ceilings and beams. Fully equipped kitchen is available. Bathroom and confortable toilet separated. Wifi Bedlinens and towels are provided. All amenities litterally around the corner: Many shopping, supermarket, bakery, Safe & secure apt (2 doors codes).  - 5 min Walk from the apartment: ""Place des Vosges"", the Seine river ""Arsenal marina"", House of Victor Hugo, restaurants, theater and opera in front of the Place de la Bastille The 'Pont des Arts' with his love-padlocks,'St Germain des prés', 'Notre-Dame', 'Beaubourg/Pompidou museum', 'Jardin des plantes' or the Louvres are all within a 20 min walk.   The subway station (next to the building) has 3 major lines: 1, 5 & 8. Taxis, buses & rental bikes are all accross the street! The 65 m² apartment has a living room, a kitchen, toilets and bathroom  and"	"Fully equipped apartment, close of metro Bastille,  bus, museums, historic place ..   50 m² at your disposal . beams and high ceilings. Le Marais -  historic and center place : Metro Bastille- Many buses also. Cozy & spacious private room perfect for two. 4th floor without lift but easy to climb. Bedroom with 4 meter high ceilings and beams. Fully equipped kitchen is available. Bathroom and confortable toilet separated. Wifi Bedlinens and towels are provided. All amenities litterally around the corner: Many shopping, supermarket, bakery, Safe & secure apt (2 doors codes).  - 5 min Walk from the apartment: ""Place des Vosges"", the Seine river ""Arsenal marina"", House of Victor Hugo, restaurants, theater and opera in front of the Place de la Bastille The 'Pont des Arts' with his love-padlocks,'St Germain des prés', 'Notre-Dame', 'Beaubourg/Pompidou museum', 'Jardin des plantes' or the Louvres are all within a 20 min walk.   The subway station (next to the building) has 3 major lines: 1, 5 "
34382	"Very typical parisien apartment with exposed beams. 1 room, 1 very large living room, 1 kitchen, Bathroom and separate toilets Very close to Beaubourg Museum in ""Le Marais"" Lots of restaurants, bars and shops around subways and bus nearby "	"Very authentic artist's apartment in Le Marais, the heart of Paris: visible beams,  Very alive neighborhood with lots of shops, museums...  Very typical parisien apartment with exposed beams. 1 room, 1 very large living room, 1 kitchen, Bathroom and separate toilets Very close to Beaubourg Museum in ""Le Marais"" Lots of restaurants, bars and shops around subways and bus nearby Bars, restaurants, museums, exhibitions, shops subway (1 and 11) Buses"
34383	"This flat is a real parisian spot where I currently live... it is not another ""typically furnished Airbnb flat"" ! I love this place and I have no doubt that you will too... Living on this island is an unique and outstanding experience. The flat is located on the 4th floor with elevator"	"Located in the city center of Paris, on île Saint-Louis (island), on the river side, this typically parisian flat is the perfect place to visit and enjoy Paris all around. Very comfortable for two, quiet and sunny. 5mn walk from Notre Dame and Marais This flat is a real parisian spot where I currently live... it is not another ""typically furnished Airbnb flat"" ! I love this place and I have no doubt that you will too... Living on this island is an unique and outstanding experience. The flat is located on the 4th floor with elevator Free access to all amenities, including TV,  DVD and Blu-Ray player, stereo system, WiFi, oven, hair dryer, coffee machine, piano... I will be easy reachable on my mobile phone or through e-mail during your stay in Paris. I will be glad to show you around if wished. Île Saint-Louis is one of both natural islands located on the Seine river in Paris. It is one of the most authentic and well preserved 17th and 18th-century neighborhoods in Paris. One of France'"
34384	The apartment features a large living room with 2 windows overlooking the courtyard, an open equipped kitchen, a good size bedroom with desk and cupboard, a bathroom with modern style large shower. Charming thanks to the wooden beams, harwood floor and fire place.	"In ""Le Marais"", close to the Centre George Pompidou, the opportunity to discover and explore on foot all the charm and beauty of the City of Light ! Getting lost in its streets, museums, restaurants, cafes, etc. The apartment features a large living room with 2 windows overlooking the courtyard, an open equipped kitchen, a good size bedroom with desk and cupboard, a bathroom with modern style large shower. Charming thanks to the wooden beams, harwood floor and fire (website hidden), WiFi, washing machine, telephone, coffee maker You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in the best way is settling down and will provide you with all the necessary information and recommendations. Check-out will be organized with him wether he will be present or not. Great location in between historical Arts et Metiers, Cultural Centre Pompidou and lively trendy Marais. Very convenient walking distance from top Parisian spots (Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Marais, Canal Sai"
34385	Cet appartement a ce charme des vieux appartements de Paris, très chaleureux et cosi.  Idéal pour les amoureux! Il y a quelques de mes tableaux aux murs. S'ils vous plaisent, et si ça vous dit, vous pouvez passer une commande:) Il n'y a pas de luxe, mais beaucoup d'esprit.  Pas de Microonde, pas de four, pas de machine à café, mais deux plaques pour cuisiner, une bouilloire et du café soluble et bien sûr un frigo. Il y a un ventilateur s'il fait très chaud. C'est simple, mais tout est là pour se sentir confortable et en vacances!!  - Ce petit appartement peut accueillir 2 adultes avec un petit enfant. Il y a un grand lit et un canapé méridienne et des couettes et couvertures pour tout le monde. - Le concierge est (normalement) présent de lundi à samedi de 9h à 12h et de 15h à 19h.  - La Fleuriste juste en dessous de l'appartement est toujours contente de vous donner des renseignements et les cuisiniers du restaurant sont également très sympas. 	Cet appartement a ce charme des vieux appartements de Paris, très chaleureux et cosi.  Idéal pour les amoureux! Il y a quelques de mes tableaux aux murs. S'ils vous plaisent, et si ça vous dit, vous pouvez passer une commande:) Il n'y a pas de luxe, mais beaucoup d'esprit.  Pas de Microonde, pas de four, pas de machine à café, mais deux plaques pour cuisiner, une bouilloire et du café soluble et bien sûr un frigo. Il y a un ventilateur s'il fait très chaud. C'est simple, mais tout est là pour se sentir confortable et en vacances!!  - Ce petit appartement peut accueillir 2 adultes avec un petit enfant. Il y a un grand lit et un canapé méridienne et des couettes et couvertures pour tout le monde. - Le concierge est (normalement) présent de lundi à samedi de 9h à 12h et de 15h à 19h.  - La Fleuriste juste en dessous de l'appartement est toujours contente de vous donner des renseignements et les cuisiniers du restaurant sont également très sympas.  Vous pouvez bien sûr tout utiliser, sauf 
34386		Nice and bright appartment located on the 4th floor 
34387	" It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with kingbed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2, and an intermediate floor with a mattless for 2:  it possible to sleep up to 6 persons. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM with a dining area and fully equipped KITCHEN. 1 BEDROOM with a very confortable bed BATHROOM shower, sink, WC; Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day : all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard. FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Public PARKING facilities available at a nearby garage. "" Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Island of CITE ), an area of 55 sqm Fully furnihed with : 1 bed room with a large bed of (phone number hidden) living room  furnihed with 1 Sofa Bed convertible in a large bed of 140 cm *200 cm  an"	"This very pleasant apartment, 58 square meters (160 square feet), is located in the heart of Saint Louis Island (4th district), close to some of the most important sites and museums in Paris.  It is at the same time intimate and equipped to accommodate a family.  A bedroom with kingbed, a sofa bed with a sleep quality hotel for 2, and an intermediate floor with a mattless for 2:  it possible to sleep up to 6 persons. It consists of: a LIVING ROOM with a dining area and fully equipped KITCHEN. 1 BEDROOM with a very confortable bed BATHROOM shower, sink, WC; Fully equipped with all modern conveniences: internet access WiFi , TV, CD player, washing machine, etc. The apartment is situated on the first (website hidden) is very safe : code at building and quiet night and day : all rooms overlook an internal sunlight courtyard. FACILITIES : Bed linen and towels provided. Public PARKING facilities available at a nearby garage. "" Very quiet with subway station at 100 meters (Pont Marie or Islan"
34388	 This charming studio with inner terrace/cour is located in the center of the Island of St. Louis, one of the most beautiful and safe neighborhoods in Paris. It is the exact center of Paris, surrounded by Notre Dame, St. Michel, St. Germain, the Marais, the Bastille, etc. The four bridges on the island make it close to all, both right and left bank.  • The apartment is on the first floor (one-flight up) of a clean and quiet Parisian style building. There is a living room with double large windows out on to the terrace. The ceilings are high and there is one exposed wooden beam. The main apartment is roughly 20 sq. meters, and the terrace 6 sq. meters.  • There is a small separate kitchen with all utensils, a half refridgerator and two electric burners built into the counter. Also a large tall window from the kitchen going out to terrace.  • The terrace is the courtyard of the building and your own private charming space, when weather permits. Both windows from the living room and kitch	This charming studio on Ile St. Louis is the most beautiful and centrally located spot in Paris. It is the perfect place to visit the city from, most of it can be done just by a short walk, or if you need, you have easy access to all major metros.   This charming studio with inner terrace/cour is located in the center of the Island of St. Louis, one of the most beautiful and safe neighborhoods in Paris. It is the exact center of Paris, surrounded by Notre Dame, St. Michel, St. Germain, the Marais, the Bastille, etc. The four bridges on the island make it close to all, both right and left bank.  • The apartment is on the first floor (one-flight up) of a clean and quiet Parisian style building. There is a living room with double large windows out on to the terrace. The ceilings are high and there is one exposed wooden beam. The main apartment is roughly 20 sq. meters, and the terrace 6 sq. meters.  • There is a small separate kitchen with all utensils, a half refridgerator and two electr
34389		SITUATION: Envie de passer un weekend à Paris? L'appartement est idéalement situé au coeur du Marais:  - 10 minutes à pied de l'hôtel de ville - 15 minutes à pied de la Cathédrale Notre Dame - au pied du métro Saint Paul (ligne 1) - station V'lib  
34390	New, Only available for limited period !  Beautiful flat full of sun and quiet with its unique and amazing views on Notre Dame, Seine River... You will enter in a  Living-room with wooden floor, moulding and fireplace of Origin.  Two French Windows on balcony and on the right, the Seine River. Large 160x200 Sofa Bed. Vintage Bistro Table. Free TV Cable, Wifi and fixed lines phone for France and International. Ipod Dock Fully Equipped Kitchen : Washing and Drying machine , Refrigerator and Freezer  , Oven/Micro waves , Ceramic glass cooktop. Nespresso coffee machine. All Dishes supplied . Separate Bedroom with high Quality 160x200  (website hidden) the Bedroom, Bow-window and French-window on balcony with view on Notre Dame towers . Storage space. Also a table and chairs for two overlooking Seine River in the Living room balcony . Large Bathroom  with Shower. Towels and sheets are provided.	Overlooking the river Seine and Notre-Dame towers from the balconies, Beautiful apartment 31 m2 - 38 sq ft with a separated bedroom, historical building dating back 1880, completely renovated in 2010  5th floor without elevator, equipped for 2 to 4 p New, Only available for limited period !  Beautiful flat full of sun and quiet with its unique and amazing views on Notre Dame, Seine River... You will enter in a  Living-room with wooden floor, moulding and fireplace of Origin.  Two French Windows on balcony and on the right, the Seine River. Large 160x200 Sofa Bed. Vintage Bistro Table. Free TV Cable, Wifi and fixed lines phone for France and International. Ipod Dock Fully Equipped Kitchen : Washing and Drying machine , Refrigerator and Freezer  , Oven/Micro waves , Ceramic glass cooktop. Nespresso coffee machine. All Dishes supplied . Separate Bedroom with high Quality 160x200  (website hidden) the Bedroom, Bow-window and French-window on balcony with view on Notre Dame towers . Storage
34391	Beautiful studio, charming, bright, quiet and renovated in the heart of the Marais. Located on the 5th floor in a typical building of the area. The apartment is decorated with taste and charm. beams, timber, view on the rooftops, parquet floor and tiles.  The volumes are very well optimized: the sleeping area is somewhat isolated by wooden beams. Ideal and very comfortable for two people. Can sleep 3 if needed (sofa bed 1 living room side) Sheets and towels are provided. High Speed Wifi Provided.  The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, microwave oven, stove, toaster and coffee maker. Shower and bathroom brand new !  The Marais is located in the center of Paris. Many bars, restaurants, shops etc You will be close to many tourist sites (Louvre, Beaubourg, the Picasso Museum are within a 10 minute walk), and 5 minutes walk from the metro Chatelet, the location is very central! Very well connected, metro and bus, metro line 1 which is the one that serves Paris from east to west! I give	Beautiful studio, charming, bright, quiet and renovated in the heart of the Marais. Located on the 5th floor in a typical building of the area. The apartment is decorated with taste and charm. beams, timber, view on the rooftops, parquet floor and tiles.  The volumes are very well optimized: the sleeping area is somewhat isolated by wooden beams. Ideal and very comfortable for two people. Can sleep 3 if needed (sofa bed 1 living room side) Sheets and towels are provided. High Speed Wifi Provided.  The kitchen is fully equipped with fridge, microwave oven, stove, toaster and coffee maker. Shower and bathroom brand new !  The Marais is located in the center of Paris. Many bars, restaurants, shops etc You will be close to many tourist sites (Louvre, Beaubourg, the Picasso Museum are within a 10 minute walk), and 5 minutes walk from the metro Chatelet, the location is very central! Very well connected, metro and bus, metro line 1 which is the one that serves Paris from east to west! I give
34392	Una splendida posizione per visitare Parigi, un ambiente caldo e accogliente per riposare!Troverai tantissime recensioni di questo  studio sul sito homelidays n(phone number hidden).mi sono iscritta da poco ad Airbnb.	The apartment in the Marais next to the Pompidou center, 5 minutes from Les Halles, 10 minutes from the Seine and Notre Dame, 15 minutes from Louvre.Studio full of charm (with stone walls, wooden beams and parquet), elevator, just renovated.
34393	Charming apartment in a 18th century old building,  one minute away from the Place des Vosges, and from the Bastille-square. A smaller quiet room, courtyard side, with a single bed A large living room (27m²) with a confortabel pull-out bed for two  (200 x140cm) . my street is quiet, (still you can hear cars from further)  ; possibility for an extra out-bed for one person in that room ; it can be convenient for familys, though the apartment is small (39 m²); The kitchen and bathroom are small parisian spaces, fully renovated lately in 2013. The loo is separate High ceilings, light, peace, on the 3rd floor, no elevator The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Marais district, close to the joyfull Bastille district, near the shopping street rue des francs bourgeois, close to the Picasso Museum, the Louvre is few subway stations away ; you'll be near from Notre Dame de Paris, the saint Louis island and the banks of the Seine are a short 300 meters walk. Located near the Bastil	Charming apartment in a 18th century old building,  one minute away from the Place des Vosges, and from the Bastille-square. A smaller quiet room, courtyard side, with a single bed A large living room (27m²) with a confortabel pull-out bed for two  (200 x140cm) . my street is quiet, (still you can hear cars from further)  ; possibility for an extra out-bed for one person in that room ; it can be convenient for familys, though the apartment is small (39 m²); The kitchen and bathroom are small parisian spaces, fully renovated lately in 2013. The loo is separate High ceilings, light, peace, on the 3rd floor, no elevator The apartment is located in the heart of the historic Marais district, close to the joyfull Bastille district, near the shopping street rue des francs bourgeois, close to the Picasso Museum, the Louvre is few subway stations away ; you'll be near from Notre Dame de Paris, the saint Louis island and the banks of the Seine are a short 300 meters walk. Located near the Bastil
34394	Studio cosy, plein de charme pour séjour romantique au coeur de Paris	Vue sur les toits de Paris ! Charmant studio au dernier étage d'un immeuble typiquement parisien au coeur du Paris authentique : à 50 mètres de la place des Vosges ! Idéal pour un week-end romantique. Coin cuisine et  salle de bain avec douche.  Studio cosy, plein de charme pour séjour romantique au coeur de Paris - commodités de base (serviettes de bain, cuisine équipée...) Mail, whats app, viber, appels... Le quartier du marais (Métro St Paul ou Bastille) est le centre névralgique du Paris tant recherché : commerces ouverts 7j/7, restaurants, bars, pubs, musée du Louvre, quais de Seine...  Pour les amoureux gourmands : les glaces Berthillon sont à 15 minutes à pieds, idéal les soirs d'été. Métro Saint Paul (ligne 1) ou Bastille (lignes 5, 1, 8). Bus : 96, 76, 69 Station taxi à 20 mètres Gare de Lyon : 15 minutes à pieds Parking (payant) : 30 mètres Le jour de votre arrivée, merci de ne pas arriver trop tard le soir quand cela est possible :-)
34395	Superb apartment in the historic center of Paris with large terrace (20 m2) and a view on the roofs of Paris. The building is located just a few steps from Hôtel de Ville (City Hall), surrounded by the village St Paul, the Marais and Île Saint-Louis. At the foot of the building you can find the church St Gervais and a number of medieval buildings, many of which date from the fifteenth century. A market is operating several times a week right at the square downstairs, supermarkets, bakeries, a butcher, a grocery, and the metro line 1 (Stations Hôtel de Ville or St. Paul) are accessible in one minute. The apartment is tastefully designed and furnished in a modern style and benefits from a double exposure that provides plenty of light. With a surface of of 45 m2 on the top (6th) floor, it boasts stunning views of Paris. It includes a 20 m2 terrace overlooking the Hôtel de Ville, the Sacred Heart, and the roofs of Paris. The terrace is furnished with a table, chairs, a barbecue and several	Superb apartment in the historic center of Paris with large terrace (20 m2) and a view on the roofs of Paris. The building is located just a few steps from Hôtel de Ville (City Hall), surrounded by the village St Paul, the Marais and Île Saint-Louis. At the foot of the building you can find the church St Gervais and a number of medieval buildings, many of which date from the fifteenth century. A market is operating several times a week right at the square downstairs, supermarkets, bakeries, a butcher, a grocery, and the metro line 1 (Stations Hôtel de Ville or St. Paul) are accessible in one minute. The apartment is tastefully designed and furnished in a modern style and benefits from a double exposure that provides plenty of light. With a surface of of 45 m2 on the top (6th) floor, it boasts stunning views of Paris. It includes a 20 m2 terrace overlooking the Hôtel de Ville, the Sacred Heart, and the roofs of Paris. The terrace is furnished with a table, chairs, a barbecue and several
34396	The most important: live on the island.  You will find its spirit: calm and spirit of liberty with  light and space. The main room is the living room with an open kitchen, all in 400 sqm, with 2 windows facing south-east and open sky, view on the church. Choose to eat at table after cooking, or have a (email hidden) space! The kitchen is equipped with oven, hotplates, microwaves, fridge, toaster, kettle... Use the leather coach to read the books or listen to music. At night it can transform into a double bed. The piano is working, use it if you are a player! The sleeping room is facing west with open sky window. The queen size bed is new. A large closet for your clothes. A television. The bathroom has a sink, a little bath, toilets.	This flat is clean, full of light and in centre of the island! 50sqm for a living room with open kitchen; a real leather coach. A sleeping room (queen bed). A bathroom with bath. The most important: live on the island.  You will find its spirit: calm and spirit of liberty with  light and space. The main room is the living room with an open kitchen, all in 400 sqm, with 2 windows facing south-east and open sky, view on the church. Choose to eat at table after cooking, or have a (email hidden) space! The kitchen is equipped with oven, hotplates, microwaves, fridge, toaster, kettle... Use the leather coach to read the books or listen to music. At night it can transform into a double bed. The piano is working, use it if you are a player! The sleeping room is facing west with open sky window. The queen size bed is new. A large closet for your clothes. A television. The bathroom has a sink, a little bath, toilets. Everything except one little closet by room to preserve owner's private stuff.
34397	The apartment is at the 2nd floor (no lift) composed of an entrance, an equipped kitchen opened to the living room, a bedroom area. An indipendent toilette room and a bathroom.  It is decorated in the Eighteen century style to respect the beauty of this historical little building located in the Marais. It’s comfortable for a couple and can welcome up to four people.   The kitchen is equipped with everything you might need, an oven, an vitroceramics cooking, à refrigerator. You have also a drying and washing laundry machine hidden inside a cupboard and a spacious cupboard to store your personal things. Two main wishes in our renovation of the flat: the architectural volume and the decoration in harmony with the age of the building: the 18th century. The architecture of the space is organized around the main idea of flexibility and space. The 18th century style has started with the choice of the old original ‘terres cuites’ tiles, coming from an ancient building of the Marais in a sort o	The apartment is at the 2nd floor (no lift) composed of an entrance, an equipped kitchen opened to the living room, a bedroom area. An indipendent toilette room and a bathroom.  It is decorated in the Eighteen century style to respect the beauty of this historical little building located in the Marais. It’s comfortable for a couple and can welcome up to four people.   The kitchen is equipped with everything you might need, an oven, an vitroceramics cooking, à refrigerator. You have also a drying and washing laundry machine hidden inside a cupboard and a spacious cupboard to store your personal things. Two main wishes in our renovation of the flat: the architectural volume and the decoration in harmony with the age of the building: the 18th century. The architecture of the space is organized around the main idea of flexibility and space. The 18th century style has started with the choice of the old original ‘terres cuites’ tiles, coming from an ancient building of the Marais in a sort o
34398	Very beautiful studio with wood beams celling. Quiet windows over the peaceful courtyard far away from the street noises. Decorated with taste and storage ammenities to leave your luggage as long as you need.	"Marvellous studio in the very centre of the Marais. Fully equiped ,High speed wifi and all kitchen appliances. Can host 2 or 3 people (an extra adult bed is provided if needed). 5mn from metro sation ""Saint Paul"" and 10mn from Notre Dame Cathedral. Very beautiful studio with wood beams celling. Quiet windows over the peaceful courtyard far away from the street noises. Decorated with taste and storage ammenities to leave your luggage as long as you need. Le Marais is one of everyone's favorite neighborhood, very safe, packed with hip shops, great restaurants of any kind and cool night bars. Metro 1 - Saint Paul Bus (phone number hidden)"
34399	Antique oak floors have been lovingly restored, and the kitchen and bath are finished with elegant porcelain tiles which echo the pale hues of a 17th century Parisian limestone wall, a portion of which is exposed in a decorative niche. There is more than adequate storage for luggage and clothing making the apartment comfortable and practical for a stay of any duration. Decoration and furnishings include raw silk drapes with sheers, comfortable sofa-bed to accommodate a third person, dining table and chairs with seating for four, and a writing desk with hi-speed computer connection. Built-in niches at the head of the bed are equipped with switches for reading lamps and room lighting, and a digital alarm clock. Other amenities include a washer/dryer, dishwasher and flat screen TV with CNN, BBC and other premium channels.	On the fourth floor, with elevator, of a late nineteenth century building, this centrally air-conditioned (!) 31 square meter (336 square feet) apartment is bathed in light from three large south-facing windows. Antique oak floors have been lovingly restored, and the kitchen and bath are finished with elegant porcelain tiles which echo the pale hues of a 17th century Parisian limestone wall, a portion of which is exposed in a decorative niche. There is more than adequate storage for luggage and clothing making the apartment comfortable and practical for a stay of any duration. Decoration and furnishings include raw silk drapes with sheers, comfortable sofa-bed to accommodate a third person, dining table and chairs with seating for four, and a writing desk with hi-speed computer connection. Built-in niches at the head of the bed are equipped with switches for reading lamps and room lighting, and a digital alarm clock. Other amenities include a washer/dryer, dishwasher and flat screen TV
34400	This gem of an apartment has just been completely renovated and is located on the 6th and top floor of the building (no elevator).  SERVICE FIRST!! We will help you with your bags when you arrive so please do not worry about the stairs! If you need help upon departure, we will do our best to arrange this for you as well. Please let us know your needs when you inquire.  Views of Paris's rooftops abound through the four windows in the apartment, providing plenty of light. You can even see the top of the Pompidou Centre and the Hotel de Ville!  The apartment includes toiletries such as shampoo, body wash, toothpaste and our kitchen is stocked with coffee, tea, bottled water and other cooking supplies to help you get settled in right away!  The living room area is the main living space in the apartment. We have tried to think of everything you might need on your vacation, including WiFi; a telephone with free international calling to many destinations: flat-screen TV with a few English new	This gem of an apartment has just been completely renovated and is located on the 6th and top floor of the building (no elevator).  SERVICE FIRST!! We will help you with your bags when you arrive so please do not worry about the stairs! If you need help upon departure, we will do our best to arrange this for you as well. Please let us know your needs when you inquire.  Views of Paris's rooftops abound through the four windows in the apartment, providing plenty of light. You can even see the top of the Pompidou Centre and the Hotel de Ville!  The apartment includes toiletries such as shampoo, body wash, toothpaste and our kitchen is stocked with coffee, tea, bottled water and other cooking supplies to help you get settled in right away!  The living room area is the main living space in the apartment. We have tried to think of everything you might need on your vacation, including WiFi; a telephone with free international calling to many destinations: flat-screen TV with a few English new
34401	Centrally located near the most important attractions in Paris. 	fully furnished appartement 2 bedrooms , living room , 1 bathroom , kitchen, with a view on the Seine south (website hidden), Wifi , International phone call included in the fees .    Centrally located near the most important attractions in Paris. 
34402	Très bel appartement entièrement rénové par un architecte dans un esprit design contemporain. Les volumes ont été pensés pour optimiser l'espace en favorisant la pièce à vivre tout en gardant une confortable chambre séparée au couchage spacieux.	Élégant appartement au cœur de l'île Saint Louis à deux pas de Notre-Dame dans le centre historique de Paris. Entièrement rénové par un architecte dans un esprit design contemporain et équipé haut de gamme . Tout est conçu pour votre parfait confort. Très bel appartement entièrement rénové par un architecte dans un esprit design contemporain. Les volumes ont été pensés pour optimiser l'espace en favorisant la pièce à vivre tout en gardant une confortable chambre séparée au couchage spacieux. L'appartement est entièrement équipé haut de gamme. Il bénéficie d'un accès internet en wifi et d'un écran de 116 cm. Il offre tout le confort d'un séjour de luxe. Situé dans une rue calme il est sécurisé par un double digicode Venez séjourner au cœur du Paris historique le plus beau site qui soit, vous flânerez dans ses ruelles et vous attarderez sur les ponts à contempler la Seine et la majestueuse Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris. Cet appartement est exceptionnellement situé à proximité des berges
34403	Cet appartement atypique se trouve en plein coeur du plus beau quartier de Paris. Les restaurants et les boutiques pullulent aux alentours, proposant aux voyageurs multiples découvertes culinaires et shopping en tout (website hidden) s'agit d'un petit nid douillet parfait pour les amoureux en séjour à Paris. Cet appartement atypique est en fait composé deux petits appartements séparés par les parties communes. C'est en réalité un véritable plus car les salon/cuisine/salle de bain sont ainsi séparés de la chambre , proposant alors un espace intime et confortable de repos donnant sur cour et des pièces de vies lumineuses animées par la vie de la (website hidden) cuisine est équipée d'un  frigo, four électrique, grille-pain, bouilloire et lave linge et le salon bénéficie du confort cinema avec écran plat Xbox, lecteur dvd et chaîne Hi-Fi. Le salon donne sur rue  et profite donc de toute la lumière du jour. Une vraie salle de bain est à votre disposition, proposant wc, douche et lavabo ind	Cet appartement atypique se trouve en plein coeur du plus beau quartier de Paris. Les restaurants et les boutiques pullulent aux alentours, proposant aux voyageurs multiples découvertes culinaires et shopping en tout (website hidden) s'agit d'un petit nid douillet parfait pour les amoureux en séjour à Paris. Cet appartement atypique se trouve en plein coeur du plus beau quartier de Paris. Les restaurants et les boutiques pullulent aux alentours, proposant aux voyageurs multiples découvertes culinaires et shopping en tout (website hidden) s'agit d'un petit nid douillet parfait pour les amoureux en séjour à Paris. Cet appartement atypique est en fait composé deux petits appartements séparés par les parties communes. C'est en réalité un véritable plus car les salon/cuisine/salle de bain sont ainsi séparés de la chambre , proposant alors un espace intime et confortable de repos donnant sur cour et des pièces de vies lumineuses animées par la vie de la (website hidden) cuisine est équipée d
34404	Fantastic Apartment in the heart of the Marais Less than 100m from Place des Vosges, Overlooking a private Garden Sleeps 6 (2 Bedrooms and sofa bad in living room). This furnished apartment is located on the fourth floor of a 'Hausmanian' building.    Living Rooms:Spacious living room with sofa bed (sleeps 2), coffee table, large flat screen cable TV, Bose Home Cinema speakers, decorative fire place. Dining table for 4-6 people. Wooden floor with carpets and two windows facing the street.  Fiber Optic (High Speed Internet) . Bedroom 1 : with king size bed.  One window overlooking the garden of Hotel de Sully. Wooden floor. Big closet Bedroom 2 : with double bed, big closet and one window facing the street (quiet, double glazing), decoration chimney.  Very comfortable double sofa bed in living room. Bathroom:Slate tiled bathroom with bath tub, separate shower, sink, towel rack and wc. One window facing the garden. Kitchen:Brand new fully equipped kitchen open to the living and dining ro	Fantastic Apartment in the heart of the Marais Less than 100m from Place des Vosges, Overlooking a private Garden Sleeps 6 (2 Bedrooms and sofa bad in living room). This furnished apartment is located on the fourth floor of a 'Hausmanian' building.    Living Rooms:Spacious living room with sofa bed (sleeps 2), coffee table, large flat screen cable TV, Bose Home Cinema speakers, decorative fire place. Dining table for 4-6 people. Wooden floor with carpets and two windows facing the street.  Fiber Optic (High Speed Internet) . Bedroom 1 : with king size bed.  One window overlooking the garden of Hotel de Sully. Wooden floor. Big closet Bedroom 2 : with double bed, big closet and one window facing the street (quiet, double glazing), decoration chimney.  Very comfortable double sofa bed in living room. Bathroom:Slate tiled bathroom with bath tub, separate shower, sink, towel rack and wc. One window facing the garden. Kitchen:Brand new fully equipped kitchen open to the living and dining ro
34405	Sur l’île St louis, joli appartement avec deux pièces de beau standing en plein cœur de Paris, avec une jolie cour intérieure arborée (rare dans Paris),  pour deux personnes. Un savant mélange d’ancien et de contemporain qui en fait un lieu agréable, confortable, calme et chaleureux. C'est l'endroit idéal pour des vacances dans la ville. Appartement dans lequel vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit des voitures, idéal pour profiter de la quiétude dans le quartier le plus typique de Paris. L’appartement dispose d'une cuisine entièrement aménagée et équipée ; 2 plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, four micro-onde, cafetière, bouilloire, toaster, presse fruit et lave-linge séchant.le salon avec un canapé convertible  donne sur une cour privative complétement arborée où vous pourrez profiter de moments de détentes. Une chambre très chaleureuse avec un grand dressing, un lit de 140 et un coin bureau. Une salle d’eau spacieuse et lumineuse .Digicode + interphone.  Loyer toutes charges compri	Sur l’île St louis, joli appartement avec deux pièces de beau standing en plein cœur de Paris, avec une jolie cour intérieure arborée (rare dans Paris),  pour deux personnes. Un savant mélange d’ancien et de contemporain qui en fait un lieu agréable, confortable, calme et chaleureux. C'est l'endroit idéal pour des vacances dans la ville. Appartement dans lequel vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit des voitures, idéal pour profiter de la quiétude dans le quartier le plus typique de Paris. L’appartement dispose d'une cuisine entièrement aménagée et équipée ; 2 plaques électriques, réfrigérateur, four micro-onde, cafetière, bouilloire, toaster, presse fruit et lave-linge séchant.le salon avec un canapé convertible  donne sur une cour privative complétement arborée où vous pourrez profiter de moments de détentes. Une chambre très chaleureuse avec un grand dressing, un lit de 140 et un coin bureau. Une salle d’eau spacieuse et lumineuse .Digicode + interphone.  Loyer toutes charges compri
34406		Appartement très cosy et spacieux de 55m². Situé en plein coeur du Marais à proximité direct des lignes de métro 1 (Hôtel de ville) et 11 (Rambuteau) et de tous commerces au pied de l'immeuble. L'appartement est tout équipé et dispose du WIFI.
34407	If you would like to be in the vibrant district Quartier Latin, in the very centre of Paris within walking distance to all amenities then this is the place to be! Located in a historical building on a pedestrian street you are literally 300 metres from the world famous cathedral Notre Dame de Paris and 200 metres from Place Saint-Michel. The river Seine is one block away. You are just minutes from museum Le Louvre, Centre Georges Pompidou, Le Marais, Odeon, Jardin Luxembourg, Sorbonne university and the Eiffel Tower. This buzzing area hosts plenty of local eateries, a supermarket (Franprix), a wonderful bakery, and plenty of typically Parisian bistros and cafes. The underground station is 50 metres from the apartment, it's the Saint-Michel Notre Dame stop which has direct connections to airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly, as well as Gare du Nord. The self-contained studio comprises a small kitchenette with all utensils, a fridge, a microwave, TV, high-speed wifi internet, a comfortabl	Entirely self-contained studio right in the centre of Paris: 300 m from cathedral Notre-Dame and 200 m from Place Saint Michel, one block from the Seine. All major sights within walking distance, underground station at 50 m, direct links to airports. If you would like to be in the vibrant district Quartier Latin, in the very centre of Paris within walking distance to all amenities then this is the place to be! Located in a historical building on a pedestrian street you are literally 300 metres from the world famous cathedral Notre Dame de Paris and 200 metres from Place Saint-Michel. The river Seine is one block away. You are just minutes from museum Le Louvre, Centre Georges Pompidou, Le Marais, Odeon, Jardin Luxembourg, Sorbonne university and the Eiffel Tower. This buzzing area hosts plenty of local eateries, a supermarket (Franprix), a wonderful bakery, and plenty of typically Parisian bistros and cafes. The underground station is 50 metres from the apartment, it's the Saint-Michel
34408	The apartment is on the first floor (one flight up) of a historical mansion built on the 17th century. It faces a beautiful courtyard, quiet and with lots of green. It's a studio apartment, equipped with everything one may need for their stay. It has TV, internet wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, oven/microwave, fridge, wardrobe and more. The sofa has a pull-out type of bed (140cm X 200cm) with a comfortable mattress. Bed linen and towels are provided. Leaving the building, on the same street, one might find plenty of options of bars, restaurants, art galleries, shops and the like.	Near the Seine River and Notre-Dame, located on a big standing courtyard of trees, charming and bright studio, fully equiped. Ideal for a lovely week visiting  the heart of Paris, close by  Berthillon ices, lovely shops and trendy restaurants... The apartment is on the first floor (one flight up) of a historical mansion built on the 17th century. It faces a beautiful courtyard, quiet and with lots of green. It's a studio apartment, equipped with everything one may need for their stay. It has TV, internet wifi, dishwasher, washing machine, oven/microwave, fridge, wardrobe and more. The sofa has a pull-out type of bed (140cm X 200cm) with a comfortable mattress. Bed linen and towels are provided. Leaving the building, on the same street, one might find plenty of options of bars, restaurants, art galleries, shops and the like. I try to welcome my guests as much as possible, but I am often out of Paris. When that happens I will name a friend to hand the keys and provide all the necessary i
34409	BUILDING and APARTMENT The building itself is a 17th century building, without an elevator, and it is safe with an access control system. The apartment is very bright as it is facing southwest; it offers : DOWNSTAIRS : - an entrance corridor - a spacious dining room with an open kitchen - a functional kitchen with usual appliances, cupboards and dishes. - a small bedroom with a double bed, and an inside window giving on the dining area - a bathroom, with a bathtub with shower nozzle, and a toilet  - stairs leading to the master bedroom UPSTAIRS : - a master bedroom with a double bed , a living room area with a sofa and armchairs, large cupboards, a separate laundry room with a washing machine, a large TV set with a decoder connected to the Freebox. The master bedroom has an independent access to the building staircase. There is no baby or child beds. Smokers are allowed.	In most noble part of Le Marais, near St Paul and famous Place des Vosges. Walking distance from Ile St Louis and Notre Dame de Paris and the Bastille district you are in the heart of paris .  No elevator and 5th floor BUILDING and APARTMENT The building itself is a 17th century building, without an elevator, and it is safe with an access control system. The apartment is very bright as it is facing southwest; it offers : DOWNSTAIRS : - an entrance corridor - a spacious dining room with an open kitchen - a functional kitchen with usual appliances, cupboards and dishes. - a small bedroom with a double bed, and an inside window giving on the dining area - a bathroom, with a bathtub with shower nozzle, and a toilet  - stairs leading to the master bedroom UPSTAIRS : - a master bedroom with a double bed , a living room area with a sofa and armchairs, large cupboards, a separate laundry room with a washing machine, a large TV set with a decoder connected to the Freebox. The master bedroom has
34410	Fantastic 55sqm one bedroom apartment located in the heart of Le Marais. On 3rd floor (with elevator) facing on a calm patio.  Bedroom: Very comfortable double bed and closet. Towels and linen are all included. Bathroom: Tiled bathroom with bath tub, sink, towel rack, washing machine.  Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen - stove, oven, expresso machine, kettle, toaster, fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher.  Living Room: Sofa bed (sleeps 2), large flat screen (with international channels), parquet floor.  Amenities/Facilities: cable TV, Wifi access, central heating. Grocery store : only 2 mn walk.  Location : in Le Marais, one of the most beautiful area of Paris (Metro stop : Saint-Paul), with all the trendy shops, cafe, bars and restaurants. 5-10 minute walk to Place des Vosges, Seine River, Ile St Louis, Place de la Bastille -  5 mn metro from Louvre Museum and 10 mn from Champs-Elysées.	Welcome to our large and authentic one bedroom apartment (55 sqm ) ! Ideally located in the heart of Paris (near rue des rosiers), fully equipped, you will feel the  atmosphere of this hip and artistic neighborhood,  the best area to stay in Paris ! Fantastic 55sqm one bedroom apartment located in the heart of Le Marais. On 3rd floor (with elevator) facing on a calm patio.  Bedroom: Very comfortable double bed and closet. Towels and linen are all included. Bathroom: Tiled bathroom with bath tub, sink, towel rack, washing machine.  Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen - stove, oven, expresso machine, kettle, toaster, fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher.  Living Room: Sofa bed (sleeps 2), large flat screen (with international channels), parquet floor.  Amenities/Facilities: cable TV, Wifi access, central heating. Grocery store : only 2 mn walk.  Location : in Le Marais, one of the most beautiful area of Paris (Metro stop : Saint-Paul), with all the trendy shops, cafe, bars and restaurants. 
34411	MINIMUM STAY AFTER NOVEMBER 15TH: 6 NIGHTS Of course, it’s a very little apt (12m2)… Of course it is under the roof on the fifth floor… BUT, the location could’nt be better : the very heart of the Marais (metro station : Hôtel-de-Ville) in an historical (XVII century), classified and securated building. The studette is just a few minutes on foot to the Centre Pompidou, the Place des Vosges, the Seine River, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Saint-Louis island... and most of the monuments and museums in Paris. Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets. Everything has been renewed by an interior designer. There is a real oak flooring, a real bathroom (inside the studio, completely private) with a classy italian shower, a real bed for two persons, a cute open kitchen, and the studette is totally equiped : micro wave, kettle, toaster, iron, hair dryer… Linen and towels are provided of course. The modern and very clean WC on the landing is shared with another studette. There is WI	MINIMUM STAY AFTER NOVEMBER 15TH: 6 NIGHTS Of course, it’s a very little apt (12m2)… Of course it is under the roof on the fifth floor… BUT, the location could’nt be better : the very heart of the Marais (metro station : Hôtel-de-Ville) in an historical (XVII century), classified and securated building. The studette is just a few minutes on foot to the Centre Pompidou, the Place des Vosges, the Seine River, Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Saint-Louis island... and most of the monuments and museums in Paris. Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets. Everything has been renewed by an interior designer. There is a real oak flooring, a real bathroom (inside the studio, completely private) with a classy italian shower, a real bed for two persons, a cute open kitchen, and the studette is totally equiped : micro wave, kettle, toaster, iron, hair dryer… Linen and towels are provided of course. The modern and very clean WC on the landing is shared with another studette. There is WI
34412	A Little Gem in the Island ! We are Caroline and Nicolas, owners with an incredible guest book (in an other famous platform). BRAND NEW PLACE for 2 to 5 persons, deeply refurbished in a typical 17th century Parisian Building (refurbished as well) with wooden floor, old beams on ceiling etc... High end and green certified 'Farrow and Ball paiting', with no allergen. Look and feel even more cosy than on the pictures. Payment information : payment by credit card through PayPal or by banking transfer. SEE OUR STUDIO GUESTBOOK as an example (located on the floor below in the same building) in vacation rental by owner listing  168257 - this one bedroom place will have very soon same type of comments! Can be booked in combination with the studio on the floor below (for up to 8 persons + a baby) ASK for it Summary : located 'Rue Budé' in the most interesting area of the Ile Saint-Louis, Charming and very cozy apartment (about 40 m2 - 420 sq feets) with old beams : - separate bedroom - top comf	Ile Saint Louis is the most exclusive area of Paris. Wide one bedroom (420 sq Feets) entirely refurbished in a 17th century building.  Top charming and perfect for 5. Very well furnished, modern and with top confortable bedding. Wifi @ Tel incl A Little Gem in the Island ! We are Caroline and Nicolas, owners with an incredible guest book (in an other famous platform). BRAND NEW PLACE for 2 to 5 persons, deeply refurbished in a typical 17th century Parisian Building (refurbished as well) with wooden floor, old beams on ceiling etc... High end and green certified 'Farrow and Ball paiting', with no allergen. Look and feel even more cosy than on the pictures. Payment information : payment by credit card through PayPal or by banking transfer. SEE OUR STUDIO GUESTBOOK as an example (located on the floor below in the same building) in vacation rental by owner listing  168257 - this one bedroom place will have very soon same type of comments! Can be booked in combination with the studio on the
34413	Perfect for 1-2 people ! You will enjoy the large & bright living-room including all you need :  - 2 large windows offering you looooot of sun all day long, - A large TV screen with cable channels & a high speed internet connexion, - A classious, spacious and soooo comfortable (in every position) black leather corner sofa, - The same sofa easily convertible to a large bed for 2 people that will make you sleep tight - 2 leather and skin footstools, to be honnest not so comfortable but really useful, - A contemporary & design set of furnitures contrasting with the old school style of the neighborhood, - A beautiful wardrobe closet made of wood and glass capable of containing clothes for a lifetime ! You will also apprreciate the fully equipped separated kitchen with : - An oven, a microwaves, 2 electric hotplates, - All the top kitchen utensils you dream of, - A Nespresso machine, what else... ? - A friendly fridge with an even more friendly freezer, - A dishwasher ! Come on, a great dis	Perfect for 1-2 people ! You will enjoy the large & bright living-room including all you need :  - 2 large windows offering you looooot of sun all day long, - A large TV screen with cable channels & a high speed internet connexion, - A classious, spacious and soooo comfortable (in every position) black leather corner sofa, - The same sofa easily convertible to a large bed for 2 people that will make you sleep tight - 2 leather and skin footstools, to be honnest not so comfortable but really useful, - A contemporary & design set of furnitures contrasting with the old school style of the neighborhood, - A beautiful wardrobe closet made of wood and glass capable of containing clothes for a lifetime ! You will also apprreciate the fully equipped separated kitchen with : - An oven, a microwaves, 2 electric hotplates, - All the top kitchen utensils you dream of, - A Nespresso machine, what else... ? - A friendly fridge with an even more friendly freezer, - A dishwasher ! Come on, a great dis
34414	"This sunny studio is situated on a quiet street on St. Louis Island. This nice apartment is located on the top floor of a characteristic five-storey property equipped with an elevator. It is distinguished by a sleeping loft that separates the day and night areas for optimum livability, and its luminosity, thanks to the presence of a window in every room. The apartment is equipped with a Wi-Fi Internet connection, cable television, and a telephone for receiving and making free calls to fixed lines in Europe, Canada and the United States. Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows and towels. You will be close to the metro station ""Pont Marie"", line 7. The St. Louis island is situated in the earth of Paris. It's a natural island connected to the rest of Paris by bridges. There are restaurants, cafés, and shops on the island. You can taste a delicious ice cream on a terrace near the Seine. Welcome in Paris!"	"This sunny studio is situated on a quiet street on St. Louis Island. This nice apartment is located on the top floor of a characteristic five-storey property equipped with an elevator. It is distinguished by a sleeping loft that separates the day and night areas for optimum livability, and its luminosity, thanks to the presence of a window in every room. The apartment is equipped with a Wi-Fi Internet connection, cable television, and a telephone for receiving and making free calls to fixed lines in Europe, Canada and the United States. Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows and towels. You will be close to the metro station ""Pont Marie"", line 7. The St. Louis island is situated in the earth of Paris. It's a natural island connected to the rest of Paris by bridges. There are restaurants, cafés, and shops on the island. You can taste a delicious ice cream on a terrace near the Seine. Welcome in Paris!"
34415	This charming 60 m2 ( 630 sq. feet) appartement rue Ste Croix de la Bretonnerie (there is a security code at the gate) in the 4th District the so called Le Marais. -the trendy district known for: - its museums Picasso, Les archives, Centre Pompidou... -it's art galleries not to mention the ones around Place des Vosges -it's fashionable and trendy boutiques  And last but not least it's great central location	APARTMENT INFORMATION  This charming 60 m² (630 sq. feet) apartment is located on Ste Croix de la Bretonnerie (corner rue des Archives) in the lively 4rd district called Marais. A step away from the Tube L1. It is at walking distance to Notre Dame. This charming 60 m2 ( 630 sq. feet) appartement rue Ste Croix de la Bretonnerie (there is a security code at the gate) in the 4th District the so called Le Marais. -the trendy district known for: - its museums Picasso, Les archives, Centre Pompidou... -it's art galleries not to mention the ones around Place des Vosges -it's fashionable and trendy boutiques  And last but not least it's great central location Wifi  Cable TV Bed linens Towels Nespresso machine Toaster  Washing machine Hair Dryer Subway: Hotel de Ville. Metro Ligne 1 directly connected to Louvre, Tuilleries, Place de la Concorde and Champs-Élysées) Le Marais: is a trendy district well known for its nightlife. This area is the center and oldest part of Paris and contains many of 
34416	The flat, situated in the hearth of the district “Le Marais”, can accommodate till 4 people. Kitchen: owen, micro-wave, kettle, fridge, dishes  Room: a queen size double bed Living room with double sofa bed  Bathroom: shower, washing-machine  Services : TV ,Wifi, Phone,sheets and towel included.  Others characteristics : sunny (south-facing) with a breathtaking views on Parisians cathedrals	BREATHTAKING VIEW on Parisian cathedrals.  The flat, situated in the hearth of the district “Le Marais”, 50 meters from Place des Vosges and it can accommodate till 4 people. The flat is has been completely renovated in juanary 2015. The flat, situated in the hearth of the district “Le Marais”, can accommodate till 4 people. Kitchen: owen, micro-wave, kettle, fridge, dishes  Room: a queen size double bed Living room with double sofa bed  Bathroom: shower, washing-machine  Services : TV ,Wifi, Phone,sheets and towel included.  Others characteristics : sunny (south-facing) with a breathtaking views on Parisians cathedrals
34417	Nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement de 60m carrés, doté d'un d'une salle de bain, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un salon, de notre chambre et de la votre!  Notre chambre d'amis est dotée d'un futon. Notre appartement est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien.	Bienvenue dans notre appartement situé dans le célèbre quartier du Marais, en plein coeur de Paris. A deux pas de la place des Vosges, du musée Picasso et des quais de Seine, de chez nous, c'est Paris dans la poche! Nous vous accueillons dans notre appartement de 60m carrés, doté d'un d'une salle de bain, d'une cuisine équipée, d'un salon, de notre chambre et de la votre!  Notre chambre d'amis est dotée d'un futon. Notre appartement est situé au 4ème étage sans ascenseur d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien. Les voyageurs auront accès au salon, à la cuisine et à la salle de bain. Nous serons sur place et ravis de partager avec vous nos bonnes adresses! Afin de nous permettre de vous accueillir dans les meilleures conditions, nous souhaitons connaitre vos horaires approximatifs d'arrivée et de départ. We speak english Si parla italiano Le quartier historique du Marais est très prisé des touristes du monde entier. Dans ses ruelles pavées, c'est le vieux Paris qui se dévoile aux curieux. Galeri
34418	Au coeur Du Marais, Rue Des Archives, métro Hôtel de Ville (ligne 1). Studio meublé de 20 m², refait à neuf, très lumineux et chaleureux. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, parquet en chêne, Wi-fi, climatisation, télévision murale, cuisine, salle d'eau avec douche, chauffe serviettes et wc. Immeuble haussmannien standing, quartier recherché, double digicode, gardienne, proche tous commerces et musées.  	Au coeur Du Marais, Rue Des Archives, métro Hôtel de Ville (ligne 1). Studio meublé de 20 m², refait à neuf, très lumineux et chaleureux. Au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, parquet en chêne, Wi-fi, climatisation, télévision murale, cuisine, salle d'eau avec douche, chauffe serviettes et wc. Immeuble haussmannien standing, quartier recherché, double digicode, gardienne, proche tous commerces et musées.  
34419	FRANCAIS: Appartement typiquement parisien avec son plafond à la française, il se caractérise par une décoration originale et une chaleur toute particulière... L'appartement est situé sur la charmante place sainte Catherine juste au dessus de l'unique boutique spécialisée en absinthe de paris (à 150 mètres de la station saint paul et à deux pas de la place des Vosges.) ou se trouvent restaurants, bistrots et terrasses. Étant situé au centre de paris, tous les transports en communs sont a proximité et desservent tous les recoins de la ville lumière... Si vous êtes intéressé par un séjour dans le marais je me ferai un plaisir de vous conseiller quelques bonnes adresses (les meilleurs cavistes pour le vin, les bons restaurants (et ceux à éviter!) ainsi que les activités, musées et visites incontournables ! Outre la place Sainte Catherine, ses restaturants et ses bars, le quartier offre de nombreux agréments... un large évantail de commerces (fromagers, bouchers boulangers, cavistes...) ai	ENGLISH: A typical Parisian apartment with traditional French timber beamed ceilings and all its original features. The apartment is located in the beautiful St. Catherine’s Square, just above Paris’ famous absinthe shop. Just 150 meters from Saint-Paul Metro station and a short walk from Place des Vosges where there are many restaurants, bistros and bars. Situated in the centre of Paris, public transport is right on your doorstep giving easy access to the gems of the city. If you are interested in staying in the Marais district, I would be happy to give some recommendations on places to go; the best wine merchants, the best restaurants (and those to avoid) as well as the best galleries, museums and must-sees! In addition to St. Catherine’s Square’s restaurants and bars, the area offers many amenities ... a wide range of specialist shops for cheese,  wine, patisseries and charcuteries. Just around the corner there are many designer fashion boutiques at rue Vielle du Temple and rue des 
34420	We suggest you take half of our apartment where you can enjoy a real intimate space. Indeed you have at your disposal a lounge / library, dining area, sleeping area, dressing / storage. You will share with us the bathroom and kitchen. We live in the second part of the apartment where we have our living room and bedroom (check out the map within the pictures). The kitchen is fully equipped for cooking: microwave, oven, fridge, dishwasher. The bathroom is very nice with a shower and bathtub (and washing machine and tumble dryer). This is a warm and typical Parisian apartment. We live there in an open and calm minded spirit, open/curious to others You have your keys to enter / exit. You can store your food/things in the kitchen and the bathroom. You have your towels and you can use coffee, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar, sugar and whatever you may need to cook / wash ... It is with great pleasure that we welcome you and we will tell you nice places and outlets in Paris. You have at your dispo	We suggest you take half of our apartment where you can enjoy a real intimate space. Indeed you have at your disposal a lounge / library, dining area, sleeping area, dressing / storage. You will share with us the bathroom and kitchen. We live in the second part of the apartment where we have our living room and bedroom (check out the map within the pictures). The kitchen is fully equipped for cooking: microwave, oven, fridge, dishwasher. The bathroom is very nice with a shower and bathtub (and washing machine and tumble dryer). This is a warm and typical Parisian apartment. We live there in an open and calm minded spirit, open/curious to others You have your keys to enter / exit. You can store your food/things in the kitchen and the bathroom. You have your towels and you can use coffee, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar, sugar and whatever you may need to cook / wash ... It is with great pleasure that we welcome you and we will tell you nice places and outlets in Paris. You have at your dispo
34421	In a good standing building, secured by a code and equipped with a lift, this apartment in Paris is located on the top floor (5th floor), ensuring silence, quietness and brightness. The wooden beams and floors give this Paris flat a roomy and comfortable atmosphere that one will have no other choice but to enjoy. This spacious Paris rental apartment has two separate bedrooms and will sleep four people. The hall way opens on the spacious living-room. The dining area features a large dining table for four guests. The living area has been equipped with a comfortable couch (changed in January 2014), armchairs, a coffee table and a king size flat television with cable TV channels. Each bedroom is accessible from the main room. The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a large wall closet where you will be able to store all your clothes and belongings, and a coffee table with two chairs. The second bedroom gives on the other side of the building. It has a sofabed with a comfortable 	You will love coming home to this Paris 2-bedroom apartment after a long sightseeing day. It is a pleasant and comfortable retreat from where you will enjoy discovering the city and its attractions. In a good standing building, secured by a code and equipped with a lift, this apartment in Paris is located on the top floor (5th floor), ensuring silence, quietness and brightness. The wooden beams and floors give this Paris flat a roomy and comfortable atmosphere that one will have no other choice but to enjoy. This spacious Paris rental apartment has two separate bedrooms and will sleep four people. The hall way opens on the spacious living-room. The dining area features a large dining table for four guests. The living area has been equipped with a comfortable couch (changed in January 2014), armchairs, a coffee table and a king size flat television with cable TV channels. Each bedroom is accessible from the main room. The master bedroom has a queen size bed (160×200), a large wall close
34422	In the center of Paris. 	"The center of Paris (Châtelet / City Hall), one block from the historic ""marais"", the Beaubourg Museum, 3 metro stops from the Louvre or the Republic. 2 rooms with one bedroom (1 double bed) and separate kitchen. 4th floor (with elevator). In the center of Paris.  The apartment. 2 storage shelves in a closet. Hangers available. Metro, RER, bus, taxi. Parking nearby: (website hidden)    "
34423	"Located in a 17th century building, straight in ""Le Marais"" neighborhood in the 4th arrondissement. Authentic studio of 23 meters squares with a stone chemney, exposed beams and floor-tiles. Located on the 4th floor without lift in a quiet and charming yard. The main room is very comfly and sunny on the morning (East exposure) and a nice view by the rooftops. The two-persons-size kitchen is separated with a window and a view as well, furnished with a frigde, two hotplates, an oven and all the dishes you need (+ kettle, Italian coffee maker, smoothie blender, rice cooker, wok ...)  The bathroom in very nice and clean (towels and hair dryer provided). The sink is made of wood and blue marble, and the shower is quite big.  You have a small supermarket downstairs, a bakery, plently of tea and coffee shops, restaurants and a pharmacy in the street. You can do everything by walking as everything is close : restaurants ,  BHV/Marais mall, fashion shops and boutiques, Jewish area, parcs, Museu"	"The studio is ideally located in a 17th century building in ""Le Marais"" neighborhood. It's a typical Parisian accomodation w a stone chemney, exposed beams and floor-tiles. Perfect to visit museums, fashion stores, Old Paris and Île Saint-Louis. Located in a 17th century building, straight in ""Le Marais"" neighborhood in the 4th arrondissement. Authentic studio of 23 meters squares with a stone chemney, exposed beams and floor-tiles. Located on the 4th floor without lift in a quiet and charming yard. The main room is very comfly and sunny on the morning (East exposure) and a nice view by the rooftops. The two-persons-size kitchen is separated with a window and a view as well, furnished with a frigde, two hotplates, an oven and all the dishes you need (+ kettle, Italian coffee maker, smoothie blender, rice cooker, wok ...)  The bathroom in very nice and clean (towels and hair dryer provided). The sink is made of wood and blue marble, and the shower is quite big.  You have a small superma"
34424	All of the services in the apartment are high standards, including Sofa bed, bathroom and Italian shower. Internet (wifi) is  high speed. There are restaurants nearby, cafes, chocolatier, shopping, museums. Perfect location !! Prime location in the center of Paris. Exquisite studio entirely renovated and professionally decorated by an architect. You will be seduced by its location in the heart of Paris in the popular gay and Jewish district of the Marais, 4th arrondissment. There are restaurants nearby, bars,museums and shops that don't even close on Sundays. The neighborhood gives you access to multiple tourist attractions within a few minutes on foot or on public transport. RER A direct to Disney, RER B direct to both airports. It is very close to the Metro line 1, Hotel de Ville and Chatelet. The apartment is within 5 minutes walk to the Cathedral Notre Dame and  Centre Pompidou. The location is 'perfect' ,for lack of a better word, to visit Paris without wasting much time on public	All of the services in the apartment are high standards, including Sofa bed, bathroom and Italian shower. Internet (wifi) is  high speed. There are restaurants nearby, cafes, chocolatier, shopping, museums. Perfect location !! All of the services in the apartment are high standards, including Sofa bed, bathroom and Italian shower. Internet (wifi) is  high speed. There are restaurants nearby, cafes, chocolatier, shopping, museums. Perfect location !! Prime location in the center of Paris. Exquisite studio entirely renovated and professionally decorated by an architect. You will be seduced by its location in the heart of Paris in the popular gay and Jewish district of the Marais, 4th arrondissment. There are restaurants nearby, bars,museums and shops that don't even close on Sundays. The neighborhood gives you access to multiple tourist attractions within a few minutes on foot or on public transport. RER A direct to Disney, RER B direct to both airports. It is very close to the Metro lin
34425	Stay in the heart of the Marais. The apartment was renovated in 2006 with oak wood floors and modern amenities ( dishwasher, large bath tub, washer , WI-FI DSL internet) The apartment is on a quiet street, ½ block from the place des Vosges. You will be surrounded by fantastic shops, bakeries, cafes and restaurants. Full Kitchen : The kitchen is separate from the living room . You have to climb 2 stairs up in an (website hidden) looks very inviting. The kitchen is a galley kitchen,similar to what you would find in an apartment in NY. It is functional with an electric cooktop with 2 electric burners, a toaster oven, refrigerator and dishwasher. It does not have a (website hidden) utensils, dinnerware are provided. The Picasso and the Carnavalet museums, Notre Dame, Bastille and the Louvre are within walking distance. All the culture sites and shopping areas of Paris are easy access by bus, metro and bike. The metro stations Bastille, Chemin Vert are 2 blocks away. The apartment facing th	Stay in the heart of the Marais. The apartment was renovated in 2006 with oak wood floors and modern amenities ( dishwasher, large bath tub, washer , WI-FI DSL internet) The apartment is on a quiet street, ½ block from the place des Vosges. You will be surrounded by fantastic shops, bakeries, cafes and restaurants. Full Kitchen : The kitchen is separate from the living room . You have to climb 2 stairs up in an (website hidden) looks very inviting. The kitchen is a galley kitchen,similar to what you would find in an apartment in NY. It is functional with an electric cooktop with 2 electric burners, a toaster oven, refrigerator and dishwasher. It does not have a (website hidden) utensils, dinnerware are provided. The Picasso and the Carnavalet museums, Notre Dame, Bastille and the Louvre are within walking distance. All the culture sites and shopping areas of Paris are easy access by bus, metro and bike. The metro stations Bastille, Chemin Vert are 2 blocks away. The apartment facing th
34426	On the first floor of a buidling without a lift, secured by two different codes, this Paris apartment will charm you with its apparent wooden beams and its marvellous stone walls, all very authentic and French. Spacious, entirely renovated and refurbished with taste and care, this apartment is the perfect sweet haven that you dream of to spend a nice stay in the city. Space, light, quality and comfort are the keywords here. Moreover, it is one of the Paris apartments that is lucky enough to have a terrace with table and chairs for the tenant’s use. Have breakfast, or just a drink with the sun bathing your face….what else could be better?! A small hall leads to the Paris apartment itself, with the open and fully equipped kitchen on the left. Then the double dining and living room follow, with very tasteful decoration and top quality furniture. Two very comfortable single beds, fixed into a couch, allow two further people to sleep here. The bedroom has a double bed and large wall closets	Suitable for a couple on holiday or a consultant working for a few months, this Paris short term rental works for anyone looking for a spacious, comfortable place to stay while experiencing one of the best cities in the world. On the first floor of a buidling without a lift, secured by two different codes, this Paris apartment will charm you with its apparent wooden beams and its marvellous stone walls, all very authentic and French. Spacious, entirely renovated and refurbished with taste and care, this apartment is the perfect sweet haven that you dream of to spend a nice stay in the city. Space, light, quality and comfort are the keywords here. Moreover, it is one of the Paris apartments that is lucky enough to have a terrace with table and chairs for the tenant’s use. Have breakfast, or just a drink with the sun bathing your face….what else could be better?! A small hall leads to the Paris apartment itself, with the open and fully equipped kitchen on the left. Then the double dining
34427		This is a lovely large 36 sq. meters studio located on the fabulous Ile Saint Louis, the best romantic spot in Paris. The apartment is decorated with design pieces and original artwork and offer a wonderdul view on the Paris roofs and Notre Dame.
34428	"This beautiful studio , brand new, functional, and very comfortable, is located in the "" Marais "" district of Paris most trendy and fashion , it overlooks a quiet , tree-lined course . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world , you will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest . Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris ( Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place du Chatelet etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate 2 people . A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom is equipped with a new luxurious shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everything you need to stay connected with the world, namely broadband with free wireless internet , cable TV with all major French channels and most international TV channels . The apartment is located in the heart of the historical"	"In the heart of ""Le Marais"", a few steps from the ""Place de la Bastille"" and ""Place des Vosges"".  A beautiful studio, just renovated, welcoming and cozy, fully equipped, facing a nice little course, quiet, and nicely wooded. This beautiful studio , brand new, functional, and very comfortable, is located in the "" Marais "" district of Paris most trendy and fashion , it overlooks a quiet , tree-lined course . Ideal for a small romantic getaway weekend in the most beautiful city in the world , you will quickly feel like a true Parisian in its nest . Ideally located in the heart of Paris within walking distance of major historical places in Paris ( Place des Vosges , Place de la Bastille , Place du Chatelet etc ...) this apartment has a comfortable living room with a sofa bed that can accommodate 2 people . A small kitchen with fridge, coffee machine, toaster , kettle etc ... The bathroom is equipped with a new luxurious shower , sink and toilet. You will also have at your disposal everythi"
34429	Leaving on an island in the heart of Paris in one of the most dreaming flat for its view and situation on the Saint Louis Island. A flat to dream... You will be living in the most lusted address of Paris, Looking through down your windows, you will be incanted by the spectacle of the boats sailing up and down the Seine River, You will appreciate to have your drink at the end of the day watching the sunset from your living room or on the bank of the Seine located at your building door, Just before being taken over by your sleep, dream will join reality by watching from your bed the night lights reflects of the river. The flat is almost 100 square meters, all rooms open on the Seine by large bay windows. There is a huge living room with high ceiling. There is two bedrooms (first room with 1 double bed and second room with 1 double bed or 3 single beds), a bathroom and a shower room both with toilets, a dressing room and an equipped kitchen. A 60 inches plasma with 6.1 sound system will m	Leaving on an island in the heart of Paris in one of the most dreaming flat for its view and situation on the Saint Louis Island. A flat to dream... You will be living in the most lusted address of Paris, Looking through down your windows, you will be incanted by the spectacle of the boats sailing up and down the Seine River, You will appreciate to have your drink at the end of the day watching the sunset from your living room or on the bank of the Seine located at your building door, Just before being taken over by your sleep, dream will join reality by watching from your bed the night lights reflects of the river. The flat is almost 100 square meters, all rooms open on the Seine by large bay windows. There is a huge living room with high ceiling. There is two bedrooms (first room with 1 double bed and second room with 1 double bed or 3 single beds), a bathroom and a shower room both with toilets, a dressing room and an equipped kitchen. A 60 inches plasma with 6.1 sound system will m
34430	"This accommodation is located in the heart of ""The Marais"" near many shops , bars , art galleries , museums (Picasso museum ... ), 5 min walk from the Place des Vosges and 10 min walk from Notre Dame de Paris. Appartment's specifications: - 1th floor with elevator - surface32m2 - 1 separate bed room with a double bed - 1 living room with a double folding bed - 1 bathroom/toilet - 1 fully equiped kitchen "	"Charming flat located in beautiful district Saint Paul/Le Marais) situated in the heart of Paris. This is the ideal two-rooms flat for couples, or the single traveler, looking for a place to enjoy a very comfortable & authentic Parisian experience.  This accommodation is located in the heart of ""The Marais"" near many shops , bars , art galleries , museums (Picasso museum ... ), 5 min walk from the Place des Vosges and 10 min walk from Notre Dame de Paris. Appartment's specifications: - 1th floor with elevator - surface32m2 - 1 separate bed room with a double bed - 1 living room with a double folding bed - 1 bathroom/toilet - 1 fully equiped kitchen  You can use my wifi for your computer/iPad or others with my access code. Ideal for the shopping addict, the romantic (Seine embankments, place des Vosges), the culturista/o (Musée Picasso, Jewish Museum, Louvre, Opéra Bastille, Centre G. Pompidou, etc.), the stylish student (Archives Nationales, direct bus No. 38 to the Sorbonne) or any ot"
34431	Last floor brand new modern 1 bedroom apartment off Rue St.Paul .Complete amenities.flat screen TV,fridge,internet,coffee machine,toaster,pots and pans,(email hidden)es,sheets ,towels ,working desk. Hardwood flooring with lots of light in a secure building near metro stations M1 and M7.Walking distance to Notre Dame,Rue Rivoli,Place de la Bastille ,Ile st.Louis and Place des Vosges.Plenty cafes,bistros ,boutiques and groceries . Sleeps comfortably 3 people,1 queen size in the bedroom and 1 pull out in the living room.The bathroom has a shower ,toilette ,basin and plenty of drawers for storage. There is a laundry facility 1 block away. The main doors in  the building have codes and are always locked and the apartment has special 3 pin lock with a solid metal door.There is only 1 apartment per floor and in a quiet building with very nice occupants. The apartment is on the top floor ,the elevator lands on the 5th floor and you take 1 flight of stairs to get to the apartment .	Quiet secure building facing the river,top floor plenty of light.Separate living room,bedroom and a good size bathroom.Everything is brand new and is decorated in modern tasteful furnishing.The apartment is very clean void of Clutter or personal items.Near all major sights ,Notre Dame is just across the road,Louvre is walking distance,Bastille is a short 5 minutes. Last floor brand new modern 1 bedroom apartment off Rue St.Paul .Complete amenities.flat screen TV,fridge,internet,coffee machine,toaster,pots and pans,(email hidden)es,sheets ,towels ,working desk. Hardwood flooring with lots of light in a secure building near metro stations M1 and M7.Walking distance to Notre Dame,Rue Rivoli,Place de la Bastille ,Ile st.Louis and Place des Vosges.Plenty cafes,bistros ,boutiques and groceries . Sleeps comfortably 3 people,1 queen size in the bedroom and 1 pull out in the living room.The bathroom has a shower ,toilette ,basin and plenty of drawers for storage. There is a laundry facility 1 b
34432	Logement pour 4 personnes refait intégralement,  idéal pour 4 personnes souhaitant découvrir Paris !	Situé au coeur du quartier typique du marais, ce charmant studio refait à neuf il y a 1 mois vous séduira par sa situation et ses équipements.  Tout équipé avec notamment sa douche italienne, vous passerez un séjour magnifique! Logement pour 4 personnes refait intégralement,  idéal pour 4 personnes souhaitant découvrir Paris ! Tout le logement est à votre disposition avec digicode et espaces communs entretenus chaque jour! En plein coeur du Marais, à 100m de Notre Dame...la position géographique est idéale ! A 5 minutes des Chatele les Halles 35 minutes de Orly et 45 minutes de CDG. Ligne 1 et 11 à 100m
34433	This apartment, spacious and bright, is atypical because of its configuration and space. Three bedrooms each with a double bed. Nice big kitchen, very functional bathroom and a living-dining room very spacious with a staircase which gives you access over the rooftops of Paris where you can enjoy the view!	This four-bedroom apartment with beautiful windows and a beautiful view of the Seine is an atypical apartment where you will appreciate the space. It can accommodate 6 persons (3 bedrooms with 3 double beds) and it even has an access on the roof! This apartment, spacious and bright, is atypical because of its configuration and space. Three bedrooms each with a double bed. Nice big kitchen, very functional bathroom and a living-dining room very spacious with a staircase which gives you access over the rooftops of Paris where you can enjoy the view! Travelers will have access to all the modern comforts: TV, internet, kitchen, bathroom, washing machine, dishwasher ... Upon arrival, I will introduce the apartment and all its secrets! The apartment is on the fifth floor. We must be courageous to reach the top but the effort is rewarded quickly!
34434	In the heart of the romantic Île Saint-Louis, this charming 45m2 (480 sq ft) appartment is perfect for couples but fits up to 4. The best feature is the view of the top of the Notre Dame from its front window !  With its wood beamed ceilings and lots of sun from the big windows, the space divides into a bright living and dining space with a queen-size sofa bed that can sleep 2 adults, a fully functional open kitchen and a quiet and lovely bedroom.	On the so Parisian and upscale Île Saint-Louis, the historical and sought for heart of the city, enjoy yourself in this gorgeous apartment with beamed ceilings and tastefully chosen furnitures. Perfect for couples looking for a romantic getaway ! In the heart of the romantic Île Saint-Louis, this charming 45m2 (480 sq ft) appartment is perfect for couples but fits up to 4. The best feature is the view of the top of the Notre Dame from its front window !  With its wood beamed ceilings and lots of sun from the big windows, the space divides into a bright living and dining space with a queen-size sofa bed that can sleep 2 adults, a fully functional open kitchen and a quiet and lovely bedroom. The whole flat will be yours * Cleaned before your arrival * Fresh sheets and towels * Wifi and internet A friend of mine or I will welcome you.  Please send me your hour of arrival (in Paris) when you can.  I may be abroad but I will stay available by phone or through Airbnb message system should yo
34435	The flat of Marize is very well located in the center of Paris and done to travelers who want to visit and enjoy the city day and night !  To begin, you should know that this lovely apartment is at the top floor of a well kept 19th century building with elevator. As I said, you will be in the center of the city between Le Marais Quarter, the Pompidou Center Museum and the  Cathedral of Notre-Dame (you could be easily by walk in all the most famous places!). This flat is very bright with a south exposure and offers a view over Paris roofs and city hall.  It is in the heart (email hidden)ly and vibrant neighborhood. It does not however, suffers from noise, pollution and other things like that generally adjacent to such area. It is ideal for those who want to be quiet but enjoy the benefits of Paris. Composed by 3 different and separated space, you will enjoy : - a cozy living-room (comfortable sofa-bed, closet, large window, dinner table) - a private bathroom and its toilet (equiped by a	"Lovely studio in the heart of Paris between ""Notre Dame"", ""Le Marais"" and the ""Pompidou Center Museum"". Very bright, this flat is located on the top floor of a 19th century building with elevator and offers a beautiful view over Paris roofs.  The flat of Marize is very well located in the center of Paris and done to travelers who want to visit and enjoy the city day and night !  To begin, you should know that this lovely apartment is at the top floor of a well kept 19th century building with elevator. As I said, you will be in the center of the city between Le Marais Quarter, the Pompidou Center Museum and the  Cathedral of Notre-Dame (you could be easily by walk in all the most famous places!). This flat is very bright with a south exposure and offers a view over Paris roofs and city hall.  It is in the heart (email hidden)ly and vibrant neighborhood. It does not however, suffers from noise, pollution and other things like that generally adjacent to such area. It is ideal for those wh"
34436	VERY CENTRAL AND ALL COMODITIES, easy access to all the transports. 	SUNNY STUDIO IN PARIS CENTER WITH PRIVATE BALCONY. SITUATED IN HISTORICAL AREA LE MARAIS  15 MIN WALKING FROM NOTRE DAME AND LOUVRE. KITCHEN,SHOWER AND WC TO SHARE. VERY CALM AND SAFE AREA ALL COMODITIES VERY CENTRAL AND ALL COMODITIES, easy access to all the transports. 
34437	This charming 21sqm love nest is very well laid out. It has been entirely renovated to offer a maximum of comfort. It has a main room, divided in several spaces. The entrance directly gives on the fitted kitchen which is open on the main room. It has all you need to cook simple meal, electric stoves, microwave-grill and it also features a washer-dryer. The bedroom/living-room part features a convertible couch for two people (the comfortable mattress is 140x200 and can easily be opened and closed. Note that you can leave it on the bed position and still have room to circulate ! You will be able to store your clothes in the two wardrobes at your disposal. One of them as shelves and hangers the other has shelves only, and a safe box. The studio features a dining table for two people, and should you need to work, a beautiful desk it there for you ! The bathroom is very nice and bright, it features a walk-in shower, a washbasin and the toilets. All the windows overlook the paved courtyard, 	   Lovely pied-a-terre to rent in Paris - St Louis Island, suitable for a couple, perfect for your vacation at a very reasonable price ! This charming 21sqm love nest is very well laid out. It has been entirely renovated to offer a maximum of comfort. It has a main room, divided in several spaces. The entrance directly gives on the fitted kitchen which is open on the main room. It has all you need to cook simple meal, electric stoves, microwave-grill and it also features a washer-dryer. The bedroom/living-room part features a convertible couch for two people (the comfortable mattress is 140x200 and can easily be opened and closed. Note that you can leave it on the bed position and still have room to circulate ! You will be able to store your clothes in the two wardrobes at your disposal. One of them as shelves and hangers the other has shelves only, and a safe box. The studio features a dining table for two people, and should you need to work, a beautiful desk it there for you ! The ba
34438	In a nice traditional building secured by a code and with a lift, the Paris apartment is on the sixth and top floor. The house keeper is a great plus as she is very friendly and welcoming and will be happy to help you if you need anything. The entirely renovated apartment is equipped and decorated with brand new, top quality items. Everything is very sophisticated and tastful. You can enjoy two small terraces giving a great view over the Paris rooftops with a view on. This short term Paris rental apartment is equipped with an air conditioning (in the main area). Layout This apartment has a separate bedroom with a double bed (140x200) and the main room is equipped with a couch, a dining table and two armchairs. You will be able to store your luggage in the cupboard with sliding doors, behind the dining table. The fitted kitchen is open on the entrance hall. The bathroom is accessible from the kitchen area. It is quite roomy and equipped with a walk-in shower and toilets. This lovely Par	 Perfect for a long or a short stay, a Paris rental apartment that is fairly priced, has air conditioning, two small terraces and a great view. Extremely well located in the heart of the Marais.  In a nice traditional building secured by a code and with a lift, the Paris apartment is on the sixth and top floor. The house keeper is a great plus as she is very friendly and welcoming and will be happy to help you if you need anything. The entirely renovated apartment is equipped and decorated with brand new, top quality items. Everything is very sophisticated and tastful. You can enjoy two small terraces giving a great view over the Paris rooftops with a view on. This short term Paris rental apartment is equipped with an air conditioning (in the main area). Layout This apartment has a separate bedroom with a double bed (140x200) and the main room is equipped with a couch, a dining table and two armchairs. You will be able to store your luggage in the cupboard with sliding doors, behind th
34439	Very beautiful building on a small street of the island. Secured by a digicode. Very calm surroundings. The Paris apartment has lovely high ceilings, French windows, wooden floors and a long wooden beam running along its ceiling. It is located on the third floor with an elevator. Very beautiful Paris rental studio of 35 m2, recently renovated and furnished to a very high standard. The apartment has a armoir-bed of great quality with a double bed (160*200). The sofabed can accomodate a child. The bathroom has an excellent bath / shower. The kitchen is stylish, fully equipped and seperate from the main room. There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the city.	There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the city. A couple or small family will truly appreciate staying on this gorgeous island, close to everything Paris has to offer. Very beautiful building on a small street of the island. Secured by a digicode. Very calm surroundings. The Paris apartment has lovely high ceilings, French windows, wooden floors and a long wooden beam running along its ceiling. It is located on the third floor with an elevator. Very beautiful Paris rental studio of 35 m2, recently renovated and furnished to a very high standard. The apartment has a armoir-bed of great quality with a double bed (160*200). The sofabed can accomodate a child. The bathroom has an excellent bath / shower. The kitchen is stylish, fully equipped and seperate from the main room. There is a mix of Parisian tradition and modern comfort in this Paris rental apartment in the most dreamlike location in the city. The 
34440	LE MEILLEUR QUALITE / PRIX @ au coeur de PARIS Pratique, Central et Neuf - Charmant petit studio pour 2 personnes Situé à deux pas du Centre Georges Pompidou, cet appartement se trouve en plein coeur de Paris 4ème, dans un ancien hôtel particulier. Grace à sa situation en plein centre de PARIS, vous profiterez ainsi des plus beaux monuments de la capitale comme le Musée Picasso, le Musée Carnavalet, la Cathédrale de Notre Dame et bien d’autres lieux d'exception encore… Cet appartement de location vient d’être refait à Neuf au 20 Octobre 2014. Il est composé d’un séjour, d’un coin cuisine tout équipé (frigo, plaque électrique, micro-ondes) et d’une salle de douche avec WC. Le séjour / chambre comprend 1 canapé et d'un lit double escamotable, une table et une TV accompagnée d’un accès internet. Même si il est petit, Tout a été pensé pour que vous ne puissiez manquer de rien. Le blanc et le noir sont les tons qui dominent cet appartement et décoré avec simplicité.  Note particulière pour 	LE MEILLEUR QUALITE / PRIX @ au coeur de PARIS Pratique, Central et Neuf - Charmant petit studio pour 2 personnes Situé à deux pas du Centre Georges Pompidou, cet appartement se trouve en plein coeur de Paris 4ème, dans un ancien hôtel particulier. LE MEILLEUR QUALITE / PRIX @ au coeur de PARIS Pratique, Central et Neuf - Charmant petit studio pour 2 personnes Situé à deux pas du Centre Georges Pompidou, cet appartement se trouve en plein coeur de Paris 4ème, dans un ancien hôtel particulier. Grace à sa situation en plein centre de PARIS, vous profiterez ainsi des plus beaux monuments de la capitale comme le Musée Picasso, le Musée Carnavalet, la Cathédrale de Notre Dame et bien d’autres lieux d'exception encore… Cet appartement de location vient d’être refait à Neuf au 20 Octobre 2014. Il est composé d’un séjour, d’un coin cuisine tout équipé (frigo, plaque électrique, micro-ondes) et d’une salle de douche avec WC. Le séjour / chambre comprend 1 canapé et d'un lit double escamotable, 
34441	Studio in Paris made up of a large room with an American kitchen that is fully equipped. You will find a double bed (140*200), as well as a settee and a coffee table. The furniture is of great quality. The apartment has a great height under the ceiling and the visible beams give it a particular charm. The bathroom has a large shower. This Paris apartment rental is very well located and perfect for a couple or a person on their own.	This Paris apartment rental is very well located and perfect for a couple or a person on their own. It has a particular French charm with its wooden beams. Close to Les Halles shopping district. Studio in Paris made up of a large room with an American kitchen that is fully equipped. You will find a double bed (140*200), as well as a settee and a coffee table. The furniture is of great quality. The apartment has a great height under the ceiling and the visible beams give it a particular charm. The bathroom has a large shower. This Paris apartment rental is very well located and perfect for a couple or a person on their own. Building of good standing that has been recently renovated. The Paris apartment is on the third floor and overlooks the courtyard. Based in Paris, I am always available during your stay Close to Châtelet, the street of Lombards is a small pedestrian street in the heart of the district of Les Halles. Very well known for its Jazz clubs, it is a very pleasant, lively st
34442	This lovely duplex is composed downstairs by a large living room (with a sofa that can be transformed to a 2 place bed) and a kitchen, and upstairs by 2 bedrooms and toilet. You'll find in each bedroom a high quality bedding with large queen size bed. A closet and hangers are provided. Each bedroom has its private bathroom provided with clean towels, soap and shampoo. The flat is fully equipped: Free Wifi access, iron, 3D TV with hundreds of cable channels, including numerous English language news stations such as CNN and BBC. The kitchen is also fully equipped: you will find a cooktop with an aeration hood above, an oven, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a wine holder, and even a Beertender that can serve you a perfect cold beer after a tiring day :) !  The flat is fully equipped: Free Wifi access, iron, 3D TV with hundreds of cable channels, including numerous English language news stations such as CNN and BBC. The kitchen is also fully equipped: you wi	"Hi, I am renting my flat situated in ""Le Marais"" a historical district and one of the most beautiful, and trendy areas in paris.  If you have any question, feel free to contact me. Dan This lovely duplex is composed downstairs by a large living room (with a sofa that can be transformed to a 2 place bed) and a kitchen, and upstairs by 2 bedrooms and toilet. You'll find in each bedroom a high quality bedding with large queen size bed. A closet and hangers are provided. Each bedroom has its private bathroom provided with clean towels, soap and shampoo. The flat is fully equipped: Free Wifi access, iron, 3D TV with hundreds of cable channels, including numerous English language news stations such as CNN and BBC. The kitchen is also fully equipped: you will find a cooktop with an aeration hood above, an oven, a microwave, a fridge-freezer, a dishwasher, a washing machine, a wine holder, and even a Beertender that can serve you a perfect cold beer after a tiring day :) !  The flat is fully e"
34443	Charming studio in a typical old Parisian building. Kitchen is equipped with a fridge freezer, an oven and induction hobs. There is a washing machine in the bathroom. Living room / bed room has a 140 cm bed, a small sofa and a large dining table. The entire flat is 45 square meters.	Located in the heart of the Marais (1 minute walk from Place des Vosges, 5 minutes from the Ile St Louis), our studio is the perfect place for a romantic getaway. Tastefully decorated, with a small balcony and a fantastic view on the Hotel de Sully.
34444	Perfect location, confortable appartment, silent and cool. The room offered is the living room with an airbed/coach. Kitchen available all time for both.	In front of Hotel de Ville Metro, it's a small and cosy apartment for a single person.  Equipped kitchen, TV, Wi-Fi, Laundry machine, confortable bathroom and table for eat. I'm a single guy, very open to nice and interesting people Perfect location, confortable appartment, silent and cool. The room offered is the living room with an airbed/coach. Kitchen available all time for both. Everything but my room Depends on the gests. I can help with everything for a nice stay.
34445	The apartment to rent in Paris is located on the sixth and top floor of a good standing building, made safe by an intercom, without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurbished, this small heaven will charm those looking for light, quietness and authenticity. The view from this Paris rental apartment will make you forget the floors you have had to climb! The main room is equipped with a large and comfortable double bed and a dining table. The decoration has been nicely thought out. A large closet will allow you to store all your luggage and other items. The sofa bed will allow one other person, or child to sleep there. The kitchen is fully equipped and separate. What about trying to cook French cuisine?! The bathroom is equipped with a large walk in shower and toilet. In conclusion, this apartment is in the greatest area of Paris, has the greatest view you will ever find and is truly homey. Everything has been organised to ensure your comfort and pleasure. The price is also quite fair, a	This apartment rental in Paris is in the greatest area of the city, close to everything, and has the greatest view you will ever find. Its design allows it to become a little Paris home for whoever stays here. The apartment to rent in Paris is located on the sixth and top floor of a good standing building, made safe by an intercom, without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurbished, this small heaven will charm those looking for light, quietness and authenticity. The view from this Paris rental apartment will make you forget the floors you have had to climb! The main room is equipped with a large and comfortable double bed and a dining table. The decoration has been nicely thought out. A large closet will allow you to store all your luggage and other items. The sofa bed will allow one other person, or child to sleep there. The kitchen is fully equipped and separate. What about trying to cook French cuisine?! The bathroom is equipped with a large walk in shower and toilet. In conclusion
34446	Very cosy, quit and sunny, you can hear the bells from Notre-Dame, at the same time with supermarkets (Bio), boulangeries, bistrots, restaurants, fast foods, velibs (bikes stations), metro, buses and RER (fast metro)	Hi! My name is Beatriz, I got a flat which is in the center of Paris in the most lively area (Marais).  You can find everything near to you from the shops (Boulangerie or fashion) to the monument (Notre-Dame, Louvre etc).  The studio is small but you got everything you need a great experience to spend some days and live a parisien experience, Very cosy, quit and sunny, you can hear the bells from Notre-Dame, at the same time with supermarkets (Bio), boulangeries, bistrots, restaurants, fast foods, velibs (bikes stations), metro, buses and RER (fast metro) Direct from Charles de Gaulle airport, Orly, by RER All the information to make the easiest way to visit Paris all the tips restaurants bars, what's going on in Paris Just next to Centre George Pompidou, Notre-Dame, Vintage boutiques, Galeries D'Art, Le Marais, Les Halles, Hotel de Ville and very secure RER, METRO, BUS, easy to find a taxi cause is next to rue de Rivoli you got 2 bel'ib stations next (bikes) The studio is small but yo
34447	• Luxury bathroom with XL-shower • Equiped Kitchen corner - Dressing corner • Plasma satellite television - Cordless high speed internet access • Queen size 160X200cm bed	In a beautiful 18th century building, charming studio with contemporary bathroom, small kitchen and huge bed. • Luxury bathroom with XL-shower • Equiped Kitchen corner - Dressing corner • Plasma satellite television - Cordless high speed internet access • Queen size 160X200cm bed WIFI Television radio bluetooth I'll always very pleased to give the keys of Le Marais & the town in general.  Le Marais is the more lively area in Paris at any time during the day & during the year. Mix of boutiques, restaurants & bars, galleries ... Hotel de ville metro station
34448	Vous trouverez, une entrée avec un grand placard, une salle d'eau avec lavabo, douche, W-C suspendu et chauffe-serviettes, puis une pièce à vivre avec une porte fenêtre sur la rue Neuve Saint Pierre, comportant un coin cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, micro-onde grill, machine à laver la vaisselle, et un beau canapé lit portant de la literie haute gamme.	Idéalement situé entre le Marais et l'île St Louis, en plein centre de Paris, la décoration est contemporaine, lumineux (exposé sud), Le studio donne sur rue très calme. Il est parfaitement équipé et se situe au 1° étage dans un quartier central, à proximité de toutes les commodités (métro, commerces...). Vous trouverez, une entrée avec un grand placard, une salle d'eau avec lavabo, douche, W-C suspendu et chauffe-serviettes, puis une pièce à vivre avec une porte fenêtre sur la rue Neuve Saint Pierre, comportant un coin cuisine avec plaques de cuisson, réfrigérateur, machine Nespresso, bouilloire électrique, micro-onde grill, machine à laver la vaisselle, et un beau canapé lit portant de la literie haute gamme. Le village Saint Paul est un véritable village au coeur du Marais, havre de paix et de tranquillité (500 m de la Place de la Bastille, 1000m de Beaubourg, 5000 m de la Tour Eiffel).Cet ensemble de batiments constitue un dédale pietonnier accessible par de petits passages sous le
34449	Enough Space very clear and quiet	Enough Space very clear and quiet Indépendant flat with kitchen, toilet and shower. Owner give You assistance and Help. Bastille, Marais corner with a lot of muséum, walks along the Seine. All the transportations are available. Well located, with all transportations, taxi Subway bicycles and car parking around but not free.
34450	This 38 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris  is situated on the first floor of a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. - Linen, Washing Machine, Iron, vacuum cleaner. HAIRDRYER - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV basic access, DVD player, Stereo, Internet by ADSL-CABLE.  - Heating: Electricity - Hot water: Electricity  This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Bed(s): convertible sofabed,  Approx: 17m² (183 Sq.Ft.), 2 window(s), orientation North, East, view on Street, hardwood, sofa, 1 armchair, 2 chair/stool, Dinner Table for 2 people, 1 Coffee Table, 3+ cupboard, Open Kitchen, Wash Basin Bedroom:  Bed(s): double bed,  Approx: 12m² (129 Sq.Ft.),  Shower room:  Approx: 2	This 38 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris  is situated on the first floor of a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay This 38 square meters 1bed apartment in Paris  is situated on the first floor of a 17th century building. Completeley renovated and fully furnished, this authentic Parisian apartment will provide you all the comfort you need for your stay. Located in one of the most enjoyable and liveliest part of the city: Le Marais area. - Linen, Washing Machine, Iron, vacuum cleaner. HAIRDRYER - Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Freezer, Cooking rings, Oven, Microwave, Dinnerware and serving pieces, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Kettle.  - TV, cable TV basic access, DVD player, Stereo, Internet by ADSL-CABLE.  - Heating: Electricity - Hot water: Electricity  This Apartment is composed of: Living Room:  Bed(s): convertible sofabed,  Approx: 17m² (183 Sq.Ft.), 2 window(s), orientat
34451	Charming studio heart of the Marais (rue du Roi de Sicile) Near place des Vosges, Bastille, l’île Saint-Louis and every nice places to see in the Marais. The best point is that you can walk to get to see la Seine. You have the metro 1 2 min walking from the flat and it takes you to every points you have to see in Paris.	Charmant studio au 4ème étage d'une copropriété ancienne. Comprenant séjour sur la rue du Roi de Sicile, une cuisine ouverte, une salle de bains aménagé avec WC. Idéal pour un séjour de quelques jours ou semaines. Très propre et fonctionnel! Charming studio heart of the Marais (rue du Roi de Sicile) Near place des Vosges, Bastille, l’île Saint-Louis and every nice places to see in the Marais. The best point is that you can walk to get to see la Seine. You have the metro 1 2 min walking from the flat and it takes you to every points you have to see in Paris. Le métro 1 qui dessert les stations les plus touristiques est à 2 min à pieds de l'appartement. Le rer A,B,C,D vous propose la liaison jusqu’à cette ligne.
34452	The apartment has been recently renovating, to feel like countryside in Paris.	Bright room with a 180 cm large bed.  Shower in the bedroom and separate private toilets.  Charming apartment located in a small mansion, renovated in 2014. The apartment has been recently renovating, to feel like countryside in Paris. I serve a generous breakfast to guests before they leave for the parisian days. The Marais is like a little village within Paris. It is calm and nice to roam around in the mornings, dynamic in the evenings. The apartment is located a 5 min walk from the Saint Paul metro station.
34453	Appartement de 45 m2 au coeur du marais. Au dernier étage avec ascenseur, plein sud. Rue Calme, vous ne souffrirez pas des bruits nocturnes. Disposant d'une chambre avec un vrai lit 2 places ainsi qu'un vrai lit 1 place. Cuisine tout équipée (machine nespresso, lave vaisselle, four/micro onde). Salle de bain spacieuse avec une grande baignoire tout équipée également (lave linge, sèche cheveux, etc...) Petit balcon filant verdoyant.	Appartement calme, au coeur du marais, proche St Paul/Bastille/ile st louis. Parfaitement équipé et décoré avec goût. Petit balcon filant, très lumineux. Disposant d'une chambre avec un vrai lit 2 places et d'un vrai lit 1 place dans le séjour. Appartement de 45 m2 au coeur du marais. Au dernier étage avec ascenseur, plein sud. Rue Calme, vous ne souffrirez pas des bruits nocturnes. Disposant d'une chambre avec un vrai lit 2 places ainsi qu'un vrai lit 1 place. Cuisine tout équipée (machine nespresso, lave vaisselle, four/micro onde). Salle de bain spacieuse avec une grande baignoire tout équipée également (lave linge, sèche cheveux, etc...) Petit balcon filant verdoyant. Proche rue de rivoli / place des vosges / quais de seine / ile st louis Ce quartier est très vivant.  Vous pourrez me demander une liste de restaurants à faire.  Pour les amoureux de la mode, c'est aussi le quartier du shopping. This area is very alive.  You can ask me a list of restaurants to do.  For fashion lover, 
34454	Elegant, quiet and comfortable, this apartment also has a floorplan that provides lots of privacy. The location can't be beaten since the building is on the edge of the famous Village St Paul, and one block for the River Seine and the Islands.	The Marais Chic two bedroom-two bathroom apartment is literally steps from the St Paul metro stop. Elegant, quiet and comfortable, this apartment is a heaven of peace.  Elegant, quiet and comfortable, this apartment also has a floorplan that provides lots of privacy. The location can't be beaten since the building is on the edge of the famous Village St Paul, and one block for the River Seine and the Islands. Full apartment, fully equipped kitchen, wifi, free long distance calls, king beds, space, comfort, luxury. 4th floor with elevator. I answer my emails everyday so don't hesitate to contact me for any question. The building, with a charming courtyard is in the heart of the Marais district.  The atmosphere of the Marais is unique thanks to its nice restaurants and cafés, trendy shops, beautiful squares, nice architecture. It's very safe, even at night. The apartment is 2 minutes walk from the metro (Saint Paul Line 1) and numerous bus lines. You can easily walk to Notre Dame, the fa
34455	The apartment to rent in Paris is located on the sixth and top floor of a good standing building, made safe by an intercom, without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurbished, this small heaven will charm those looking for light, quietness and authenticity. The view from this Paris rental apartment will make you forget the floors you have had to climb!	This apartment rental in Paris is in the greatest area of the city, close to everything, and has the greatest view you will ever find. Its design allows it to become a little Paris home for whoever stays here. The apartment to rent in Paris is located on the sixth and top floor of a good standing building, made safe by an intercom, without a lift. Entirely renovated and refurbished, this small heaven will charm those looking for light, quietness and authenticity. The view from this Paris rental apartment will make you forget the floors you have had to climb! The main room is equipped with a large and comfortable double bed and a dining table. The decoration has been nicely thought out. A large closet will allow you to store all your luggage and other items. The sofa bed will allow one other person, or child to sleep there. The kitchen is fully equipped and separate. What about trying to cook French cuisine?! The bathroom is equipped with a large walk in shower and toilet. In conclusion
34456		Superbe studio sous les toits au centre de l'Ile de Saint Louis pouvant accueillir 4 personnes. Tout confort. Notre Dame à 5min !
34457	Located in the charming the Marais, this warm, cozy apartment will be your home while in Paris. It is small but comfortable for a couple looking to experience Paris in its true sense.	A charming one bedroom apartment with small sofa bed is located in the heart of the Marais district (4th arrondissment) of Paris. This apartment is completely renovated with modern appliances and fixtures. Sleeps 3, no kids under 12. Located in the charming the Marais, this warm, cozy apartment will be your home while in Paris. It is small but comfortable for a couple looking to experience Paris in its true sense. The entire apartment, wifi, and cable. If you ever need me, I'm a phone call away. The 4th arrondissement contains the southern part of the medieval Marais district as well as the Île St-Louis and the eastern part of Île de la Cité, the oldest part of Paris. This area is very popular thanks to attractions such as the Notre-Dame Cathedral, the Place des Vosges, the city hall and the Gothic Tour St-Jacques. Contrasting with all the historic buildings is the modern Centre Pompidou. The metro and buses are a minutes walk away. 
34458	The apartment lies on the 5th French floor with elevator (Please note that you take the lift till the 6th French floor and take the stairs to go one floor down). The apartment propose a living room and a cosy dining room, a parental bedroom with a double bed and a dressing, a bedroom with 2 seperate single beds, a separated and fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub and a seperated toilets. The apartment lies on the 5th French floor with elevator (Please note that you take the lift till the 6th French floor and take the stairs to go one floor down). The services are of good quality, the decoration is cute and cosy.  . Perfect for families or groups. It overlooks courtyards. The nearest metro station is Saint-Paul or Pont Marie along the Seine.	This 85 square meters 2 bedrooms flat is located on quai de Bourbon in the 4th district of Paris along the seine and very close to the heart of le Marais. The apartment lies on the 5th French floor with elevator (Please note that you take the lift till the 6th French floor and take the stairs to go one floor down). The apartment propose a living room and a cosy dining room, a parental bedroom with a double bed and a dressing, a bedroom with 2 seperate single beds, a separated and fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with bathtub and a seperated toilets. The apartment lies on the 5th French floor with elevator (Please note that you take the lift till the 6th French floor and take the stairs to go one floor down). The services are of good quality, the decoration is cute and cosy.  . Perfect for families or groups. It overlooks courtyards. The nearest metro station is Saint-Paul or Pont Marie along the Seine. The apartment lies on the 5th French floor with elevator (Please note that you 
34459	Cet appartement de charme, idéalement situé vous fait vivre la vraie vie parisienne, sans la vie de touriste. This lovely apartment, perfectly located makes you live the real parisian life, without feeling like a tourist. 	Un joli duplex plein de charme de 45 m2 en plein coeur de l'île Saint Louis, quartier historique de la ville de Paris.  Lovely 45 m2 duplex full of charm right in the middle of Île Saint Louis. Cet appartement de charme, idéalement situé vous fait vivre la vraie vie parisienne, sans la vie de touriste. This lovely apartment, perfectly located makes you live the real parisian life, without feeling like a tourist.  Comme l'appartement est très central, ils auront accès à tout ! Since the apartment is in the center of Paris, they will have access to everything ! Je serai très disponible pour les voyageurs, moi-même habitant Paris. I will be available for the whole stay of the travelers, because I also live in Paris.  Île Saint Louis Metro, bus
34460	This is more than a studio because you have an entry hall, a main room with a table and chairs for dining, a single day bed which can make into a double bed for two, a separate eat in kitchen with a medium sized refrigerator and real oven and stove and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.  	Best Section of the Marais, Quiet Street around the corner from Places de Vosges, Public Transportation and minutes walk to the Bastille. Lovely studio decorated with authentic French Antiques in Excellent Condition - peaceful, bright w Gardien. This is more than a studio because you have an entry hall, a main room with a table and chairs for dining, a single day bed which can make into a double bed for two, a separate eat in kitchen with a medium sized refrigerator and real oven and stove and a bathroom with a bathtub and toilet.   Guests have access to the apartment and to the elevator or the stairs if preferred. I will have a friend available to the guests for any problems, questions they may have and to greet them upon arrival. The neighborhood is one of the oldest and most  beautiful areas of Paris.  There are art galleries, museums, boutiques of all kinds, cafés, bars, restaurants, etc.  The Marais is the only section of Paris where the shops are open on Sundays.  From the apartm
34461	"(Updated 21 May 2012: We are proud to have earned the Airbnb ""Superhost"" badge which is awarded to selected hosts who have received outstanding reviews from previous guests and have made contributions to the Airbnb system and community to improve the overall experience of travellers). (Update 21 September 2011:  We are featured in the AirBnB ""Paris Collection"" which is a hand-picked selection of 40 Paris properties that the AirBnB staff feel are exceptional.  Thanks to our guests for the fantastic reviews!) WHAT MAKES IT UNIQUE    Renovated recently, with an interior designer's personal touch, this flat will appeal to those who prefer contemporary design but don't want to dissolve the old-world charm of original hard-wood floors and other features that are a quintessential part of living in an historic Parisian building.  You'll find all the amenities and you won't find any clutter of personal belongings because we feel that it's an important part of the experience to feel you're comin"	"- recently remodeled 1+ br suite in historic bldg. - top floor & lots of light! - in highly acclaimed central & safe area, steps from beautiful Seine river shoreline - outstanding public transport options  - run by an Airbnb “Superhost” (Updated 21 May 2012: We are proud to have earned the Airbnb ""Superhost"" badge which is awarded to selected hosts who have received outstanding reviews from previous guests and have made contributions to the Airbnb system and community to improve the overall experience of travellers). (Update 21 September 2011:  We are featured in the AirBnB ""Paris Collection"" which is a hand-picked selection of 40 Paris properties that the AirBnB staff feel are exceptional.  Thanks to our guests for the fantastic reviews!) WHAT MAKES IT UNIQUE    Renovated recently, with an interior designer's personal touch, this flat will appeal to those who prefer contemporary design but don't want to dissolve the old-world charm of original hard-wood floors and other features that "
34462	This refined two bedrooms apartment is situated Rue Nonnains d'Hyères, in the Historic Marais area in the 4th arrondissement. It is located between the Saint Paul quarter, and the Pont Marie that leads to the Ile Saint Louis. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it is perfectly furnished with a luminous living room, two bedrooms, and a lovely view on gardens. It is perfect for a family or group of friends.  This quiet apartment of 66 square meters, or 710 square feet, features a cosy and luminous living room with a convertible sofa (140cm x 190cm), a decorative fireplace, two armchairs, a french window, an antique dining table, and wooden floor. The kitchen is fully equipped with a washer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge, electric stove, coffee maker, and toaster.   The first bedroom is on the street side (quiet street) and includes a large window, a queen size bed (160cmx200cm), a wardrobe, and an antique secretaire. The second bedroom leads on a lovely garden and features a double 	This refined two bedrooms apartment is perfectly situated in the Historic Marais area between Saint Paul and the Ile Saint Louis. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it accommodates 6 guests. This refined two bedrooms apartment is situated Rue Nonnains d'Hyères, in the Historic Marais area in the 4th arrondissement. It is located between the Saint Paul quarter, and the Pont Marie that leads to the Ile Saint Louis. On the 1st floor with an elevator, it is perfectly furnished with a luminous living room, two bedrooms, and a lovely view on gardens. It is perfect for a family or group of friends.  This quiet apartment of 66 square meters, or 710 square feet, features a cosy and luminous living room with a convertible sofa (140cm x 190cm), a decorative fireplace, two armchairs, a french window, an antique dining table, and wooden floor. The kitchen is fully equipped with a washer, dishwasher, oven, microwave, fridge, electric stove, coffee maker, and toaster.   The first bedroom is on the st
34463	"Enjoy this perfect  location of this cosy  studio-apartment  of 13 m2  nestled for 2 person, right at the heart of Paris!  You can't be more central with its tube /metro station- Hotel de Ville (City Hall)  at your feet! On the 3rd. floor walk up ( without lift), you will find a  cosy  fully-renovated Studio in an oasis of calm given to courtyard in  a lively area (Hotel de ville-Le Marais of Paris 4). It's suitable for 1 guest to 2 max.  with convertible sofa bed (1m20X1m90) with free  Internet access  WIFI and TV. You can relax  with its private shower with toilet and well equipped compact kitchen for self catering  with fridge, oven, microwave and with kitchenware. You would enjoy and experiemente fully your ""Parisian"" stay & daily life (day and night)!! - At your disposal , a welcome tray with a set of  coffee, tea, chocolat, orange jus in self service - 2 person maximum - Linen and towels for 2 are provided - Minimum stay : 3 nights ( 2 nights upon request and availability) - Clea"	"Welcome to our top location flat of 1 piece (13 m2), at the heart of Paris 4-Le Marais, métro ""Hotel de Ville ""! Cosy, fonctional  with modern amenities (1 sofabed, shower room, kitchen+ free WIFI @+TV), it could host comfortably  2 guests! Enjoy this perfect  location of this cosy  studio-apartment  of 13 m2  nestled for 2 person, right at the heart of Paris!  You can't be more central with its tube /metro station- Hotel de Ville (City Hall)  at your feet! On the 3rd. floor walk up ( without lift), you will find a  cosy  fully-renovated Studio in an oasis of calm given to courtyard in  a lively area (Hotel de ville-Le Marais of Paris 4). It's suitable for 1 guest to 2 max.  with convertible sofa bed (1m20X1m90) with free  Internet access  WIFI and TV. You can relax  with its private shower with toilet and well equipped compact kitchen for self catering  with fridge, oven, microwave and with kitchenware. You would enjoy and experiemente fully your ""Parisian"" stay & daily life (day and "
34464	Apartment of 38m2, 1st floor of a four storey building, in a little noisy street in the center of Paris. 5 minutes walk from Bastille and Hotel de Ville, 15 minutes walk from Chatelet and Notre Dame, 20 minutes Walk from the Louvre. The door is shielded and there is a digital code at the entrance of the building. Ther are: - a lounge with a sofabed (for 2 persons, sheets and blankets are providedand) and TV, - a small fully equipped kitchen (stove with oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, electric toasted sandwiches, kettle, toaster ...)  - a dining room (the table folds and unfolds easily depending on the number of people) with a sofabed for 1 person. - a new (May 2013) showerroom with restroom (towels are provided),  - a bedroom with a double bed (available only over 2 people) Access to high speed wireless and an audio system compatible with iphone / ipod. The St Paul metro  (line 1) is 100m, the Pont-Marie metro (line7) 200m. There are also many buses as line 96,	Apartment of 38m2, 1st floor of a four storey building, in a little noisy street in the center of Paris. 5 minutes walk from Bastille and Hotel de Ville, 15 minutes walk from Chatelet and Notre Dame, 20 minutes Walk from the Louvre. The door is shielded and there is a digital code at the entrance of the building. Ther are: - a lounge with a sofabed (for 2 persons, sheets and blankets are providedand) and TV, - a small fully equipped kitchen (stove with oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, electric toasted sandwiches, kettle, toaster ...)  - a dining room (the table folds and unfolds easily depending on the number of people) with a sofabed for 1 person. - a new (May 2013) showerroom with restroom (towels are provided),  - a bedroom with a double bed (available only over 2 people) Access to high speed wireless and an audio system compatible with iphone / ipod. The St Paul metro  (line 1) is 100m, the Pont-Marie metro (line7) 200m. There are also many buses as line 96,
34465	STANDING This recently renovated, large, elegant two bedroom apartment to rent in Paris is located on the first French floor of a typical 17Ith century building. It is a perfect location to enjoy a quality Parisian stay as a family, with friends or as couples. LAYOUT Paris apartment ideally located at the very heart of Paris. Elegant renovated discreet façade of a 17th century building. Noble Floor: 1st French floor. There is an elevator but also an easy access by staircase that is very easy with small steps. 85 Square metres of surface is very well adapted to offer complete comfort and privacy. For security: Intercom device and concierge living in the building. Bathed in natural day light with good space proportions. East West exposure. The entire apartment rental in Paris has a modern lighting system, which will delight you at night with its various lighting effects. The modern radiators warm the Paris apartment with the sweetness of a central heating system. Upon entering your cozy 	Nowhere better to rent than this amazing apartment in Paris. Ideally located on Ile Saint Louis, it has all the modern amenities you could desire, as well as being beautifully decorated and very spacious.
34466	The apartment consists of a bedroom, bathroom and open area kitchen and living room.  In the living room is a pull out couch which can comfortably sleep two, so the apartment can sleep up to 4 people.  There is a private terrace where you can enjoy coffee and a croissant in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening.  There is an elevator, double glazing on the windows, great heating, air conditioning, and water softener.  You have high speed internet access, a land line with free calls to the US.	A modern and fully equipped apartment in the very heart of Paris, steps from the Pompidu and a ten minute walk from Notre Dame.  Fully equipped like a home away from home with everything you could possibly need. The apartment consists of a bedroom, bathroom and open area kitchen and living room.  In the living room is a pull out couch which can comfortably sleep two, so the apartment can sleep up to 4 people.  There is a private terrace where you can enjoy coffee and a croissant in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening.  There is an elevator, double glazing on the windows, great heating, air conditioning, and water softener.  You have high speed internet access, a land line with free calls to the US. Two double beds, bathroom with bath/shower, full kitchen, terrace, elevator, local tourist information, internet, tv, phone, heat and air conditioning.   You will be met to receive the key and then at check-out where we will do a run down of the apartment to make sure everything is
34467	Spacious and luminous studio in the very vibrant heart of the city.his gorgeous apartment has  everything you could have expected. You will never want to leave this place.Very secure, 3 minutes to restaurants, more than 10 to choose from. All within the 3 minutes. A very slow walk of 10 minutes takes you to the very lovely Seine River. This is a very lively area, the hum of the city will sing you to sleep, just shut the security blinds and windows, as needed.great for 2 people, well equipped , well organized and very clean but especially in a great location. A few steps from rue des Lombards, you will find a carrefour city for shopping. In 2 minutes you can reach the Seine River and from there you can see for yourselves how close to Notre-Dame and the Louvre you are. In any case there is the metro station 'Châtelet' where crossings of the lines 1, 4, 7, 11 and 14, with which you can easily reach all places of interest. Proceeding in the opposite direction, in 5 minutes, is the 'Centre 	Spacious and luminous studio in the very vibrant heart of the city.his gorgeous apartment has  everything you could have expected. You will never want to leave this place.Very secure, 3 minutes to restaurants, more than 10 to choose from. All within the 3 minutes. A very slow walk of 10 minutes takes you to the very lovely Seine River. This is a very lively area, the hum of the city will sing you to sleep, just shut the security blinds and windows, as needed.great for 2 people, well equipped , well organized and very clean but especially in a great location. A few steps from rue des Lombards, you will find a carrefour city for shopping. In 2 minutes you can reach the Seine River and from there you can see for yourselves how close to Notre-Dame and the Louvre you are. In any case there is the metro station 'Châtelet' where crossings of the lines 1, 4, 7, 11 and 14, with which you can easily reach all places of interest. Proceeding in the opposite direction, in 5 minutes, is the 'Centre 
34468	Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the dining area through a charming in-room window. The stylish and modern bathroom features a spacious walk-in shower. A state-of-the-art video/tv/cd/dvd player, wireless high-speed internet, a telephone line with continent-wide free phone calls and a scan-c	Châtelet-Les Halles-Beaubourg - modern elegant deco - high ceilings - extremely bright - faces a tranquil courtyard - wifi/tv/dvd/cd/hifi/scan-copy-printer/phone - spacious ceiling closets - pro. cleaning service - cafés/réstos/fitness-spa clubs/jazz Ideally located in the Beaubourg pedestrian district, steps from the transport hub of Châtelet-Les Halles and the world-renowned Centre Pompidou, as well as a stone’s throw away from the gorgeous Hôtel de Ville and the Notre-Dame Cathedral, this lovely 23m2 (248ft2) boutique studio apartment has been totally remodelled in April 2013.  It is on the 3rd floor of a well-kept 18th century walk-up building, facing a bright and quiet courtyard.  It boasts a good-size living room with high ceilings, a dining area and a comfortable high quality sofabed that easily opens into a queen-size double bed (200x140 cm). The bedding includes brand new, prime quality linen and 95% down-feather pillows. A separate fully-fitted kitchen is connected to the din
34469	This pleasant and modern apartment is ideal both for business trips as well as for vacational stays with family or friends. This 30m2 apartment is located on the second floor (without a lift) of a typical Marais district building that was totally renovated in 2010. It can perfectly sleep up to four people. Both the layout and furnishing of the apartment have been carefully designed to offer the most pleasant stay. The lounge includes a comfortable corner sofa and the bedroom includes a double bed. The two rooms are particularly calm as they overlook an interior patio area and are ideal spaces to rest after a long day’s sightseeing around the city. The apartment also includes a flat screen television, DVD player, Hi-Fi, WIFI internet connection that are for both business and leisure purposes. The kitchen has been fully equipped with everything necessary for a perfect home stay whilst the bathroom is fitted with a toilet, sink, heated towel rail and a shower.	This pleasant and modern apartment is ideal both for business trips as well as for vacational stays with family or friends. This 30m2 apartment is located on the second floor (without a lift) of a typical Marais district building that was totally renovated in 2010. It can perfectly sleep up to four people. Both the layout and furnishing of the apartment have been carefully designed to offer the most pleasant stay. The lounge includes a comfortable corner sofa and the bedroom includes a double bed. The two rooms are particularly calm as they overlook an interior patio area and are ideal spaces to rest after a long day’s sightseeing around the city. The apartment also includes a flat screen television, DVD player, Hi-Fi, WIFI internet connection that are for both business and leisure purposes. The kitchen has been fully equipped with everything necessary for a perfect home stay whilst the bathroom is fitted with a toilet, sink, heated towel rail and a shower.  Its privileged location in 
34470	1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms of which 1 Family bathroom and 1 Shower room 1 Sofa beds, 1 Kingsize bed, Cots (1), Dining seats for 4, Lounge seats for 4	This luxurious apartment of 75 squaremeter is situated next to the famous Centre Pompidou right in the middle of the city center. You can easily discover whole Paris on foot. It is situated on the first floor in a pedestrian area without traffic. The unit has a very spacious living with open kitchen, height of ceiling and windows 4 metres, beautiful floor tiles and original fireplace with stucco, one bedroom with a kingsize double bed (180 cm) and a bathroom with shower plus bathtub. In the living you have a double sofabed, in case you come with a little one we provide a baby cot. We also offer free wifi and an I phone dock station. 1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms of which 1 Family bathroom and 1 Shower room 1 Sofa beds, 1 Kingsize bed, Cots (1), Dining seats for 4, Lounge seats for 4 Internet access, DVD player heating, CD player, Satellite TV, Wi-Fi available Kettle, Toaster, Iron, Hair dryer Clothes dryer, Dishwasher, Cooker, Microwave, Fridge, Freezer, Washing machine Linen provided, Towels
34471	Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double glazed and the bedroom give on the back of the building. You will sleep in a very quiet environment. This 40sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to three guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The main room is at the end of the corridor. It features a sofabed (130×190) suitable for one person only (note that it will not suit an XL person), a coffee table and an armchair organized around a decorative chimney. The fitted kitchen is open on this main room. You will be able to have diner at the counter separating the kitchen and the living-room. Four people can sit at this table. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor. It features a double bed 140×200 and a large wardrobe. This room is very quiet as its windows give on a courtyard. Then you will find the bathroom, right next to the entrance door. It is contemporary, with a lovely washbasin	Charming 1-bedroom apartment to rent in Paris - St Louis Island. Recently renovated, nicely decorated, this apartment will be perfect for a couple. Located on the 2nd floor of a building without a lift. The access is secured by a door code. The windows are double glazed and the bedroom give on the back of the building. You will sleep in a very quiet environment. This 40sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and can sleep up to three guests. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The main room is at the end of the corridor. It features a sofabed (130×190) suitable for one person only (note that it will not suit an XL person), a coffee table and an armchair organized around a decorative chimney. The fitted kitchen is open on this main room. You will be able to have diner at the counter separating the kitchen and the living-room. Four people can sit at this table. The bedroom is accessible from the corridor. It features a double bed 140×200 and a large wardrobe. This room is very qui
34472	Petit studio très fonctionnel, tout est à portée de main, il y a tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable moment.	Petit studio très fonctionnel, tout est à portée de main, il y a tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable moment. L'ile Saint Louis est située au centre de Paris, vous serez proche de nombreux moyens de transports, bus, métro, Rer, bateaux mouche... Nous pourrons échanger par mail et téléphone, je reste à votre disposition pour plus de renseignements. Quartier central et historique de Paris. L'ile Saint Louis est un endroit particulier, vous trouverez tout ce qu'il vous faut pour passer d'agréables vacances. De bons restaurants, de jolis magasins, de nombreux monuments à visiter, c'est au centre de Paris.  très facile d'accès depuis les 2 aéroports Charles de Gaulle et Orly, ainsi que depuis les gares parisiennes gare de Lyon, Saint Lazare, Gare de Nord et Montparnasse. Sera disponible seulement à partir des vacances de la Toussaints 2014 un lit supplémentaire en mezzanine pour 1 enfant.
34473		Jolie chambre située dans un appartement 3 pièces en plein cœur du marais. Lovée entre deux cours, vous serez au calme pour passer un agréable moment à Paris ! Placé juste en face du métro et à 5 minutes à pied de la Seine. Accès internet Metro ligne 1, arrêt Saint Paul Il y a un chat dans l'appartement, les voyageurs ne doivent pas y être allergique...
34474	APARTMENT Ideally located in the heart of Ile Saint Louis, a few steps from Notre Dame, this apartment is furnished to a high standard and offers exceptional comfort for 6 persons, with centralised air conditioner. Situated on the top 4th floor (no elevator, but the stairs are easy to climb) of a beautiful renovated 17th century building, this apartment is full of character with its original wooden beams and terracotta floor tiles. The two master bedrooms have a queen size 160x200 bed and high quality beddings. The adjoining bathroom is complete with an elegant bathtub, hair dryer and toilet. The large living room has a convertible sofa bed with a premium 140x190 mattress and two armchairs, French château fireplace, 42 inch led TV, high end Bose sound system with Wifi/Airplay, a large dining table with 6 luxurious chairs. The apartment has a modern fully equipped kitchen, with granite countertops and top of the range appliances, built-in dish washer, washer/dryer combo, oven, induction	APARTMENT Ideally located in the heart of Ile Saint Louis, a few steps from Notre Dame, this apartment is furnished to a high standard and offers exceptional comfort for 6 persons, with centralised air conditioner. Situated on the top 4th floor (no elevator, but the stairs are easy to climb) of a beautiful renovated 17th century building, this apartment is full of character with its original wooden beams and terracotta floor tiles. The two master bedrooms have a queen size 160x200 bed and high quality beddings. The adjoining bathroom is complete with an elegant bathtub, hair dryer and toilet. The large living room has a convertible sofa bed with a premium 140x190 mattress and two armchairs, French château fireplace, 42 inch led TV, high end Bose sound system with Wifi/Airplay, a large dining table with 6 luxurious chairs. The apartment has a modern fully equipped kitchen, with granite countertops and top of the range appliances, built-in dish washer, washer/dryer combo, oven, induction
34475	This exquisite and charming apartment, located in a pedestrian area, is near the two most important museums in the world, the Louvre, which needs no elaboration and the Museum Beaubourg, where notably contemporary painting exhibitions are held permanently. It is not far from the metro Chatelet and Les Halles/rue Rivoli, the city’s widest range of shops. You can also take a stroll to the Marais or cross over to the Left Bank and experience the noticeably different atmosphere, it’s very name conjuring Bohemian, dissident, intellectual connotations. Moving in and around Paris is absolutely simple and fast being right in the middle of the Capital. The tube station is only a stone’s throw away, numerous buses pass along the main road, and not forgetting of course that this flat is situated where your legs can take you literally everywhere. The studio  It measures about 30m² on the fourth floor with lift. There’s a shower and a toilet. It is fully equipped with a telephone, internet, wifi, a	This exquisite and charming apartment, located in a pedestrian area, is near the two most important museums in the world, the Louvre, which needs no elaboration and the Museum Beaubourg, where notably contemporary painting exhibitions are held permanently. It is not far from the metro Chatelet and Les Halles/rue Rivoli, the city’s widest range of shops. You can also take a stroll to the Marais or cross over to the Left Bank and experience the noticeably different atmosphere, it’s very name conjuring Bohemian, dissident, intellectual connotations. Moving in and around Paris is absolutely simple and fast being right in the middle of the Capital. The tube station is only a stone’s throw away, numerous buses pass along the main road, and not forgetting of course that this flat is situated where your legs can take you literally everywhere. The studio  It measures about 30m² on the fourth floor with lift. There’s a shower and a toilet. It is fully equipped with a telephone, internet, wifi, a
34476	Small studio in the center of the historcal Paris, 24m2 on the 4th floor with elevator, ideal for 2 adults and one child	Small studio in the center of the historcal Paris, 24m2 on the 4th floor with elevator, ideal for 2 adults and one child Washing machine, hob, microwave, coffeemaker, hairdryer, iron, tv  A lively area, lots of restaurants, cafes, shops and close to the main attractions of Paris (Louvre, Marais, Notre Dame, Saint Germain des Près, Montorgeuil) 300m from Chatelet les Halles, the biggest metro station in Paris with the RER train line B direct from Orly Airport and Charles de Gaulle
34477	Beautrellis Street , in the heart of the Marais , the most central and most beautiful neighborhood close to PARIS NOTRE DAME , PLACE DES Vosges, Georges Pompidou MUSEUM ISLAND SAINT LOUIS ... Its ideal location in the most fashionable district ( shops, stores , restaurants, museums , bars, clubs ) you can reach all the major sights easily thanks to the vast public transport network ( metro, bus , subway or taxi) .At the second floor with elevator, as room luxury hotel, 2 rooms welcomes you for your tourist or business stay in the French capital . Completely renovated with great care , your stay will be pleasant and comfortable. Good bedding (140 × 200) will allow you to enjoy peaceful and quiet nights , bathroom with separate toilet. A washing machine is available. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need to cook (microwave , fridge, stove, dishwasher , dishes and utensils ... ) Everything is (TV all the world channels, Wi Fi high speed broadband and linens provided) . Hi	Beautiful 2 rooms, historic district of Paris, access to the most beautiful monuments of Paris in 10 minutes by Metro , Business Centre La Defense in 15 Minutes , The Champs Elysées 10 minutes. Beautrellis Street , in the heart of the Marais , the most central and most beautiful neighborhood close to PARIS NOTRE DAME , PLACE DES Vosges, Georges Pompidou MUSEUM ISLAND SAINT LOUIS ... Its ideal location in the most fashionable district ( shops, stores , restaurants, museums , bars, clubs ) you can reach all the major sights easily thanks to the vast public transport network ( metro, bus , subway or taxi) .At the second floor with elevator, as room luxury hotel, 2 rooms welcomes you for your tourist or business stay in the French capital . Completely renovated with great care , your stay will be pleasant and comfortable. Good bedding (140 × 200) will allow you to enjoy peaceful and quiet nights , bathroom with separate toilet. A washing machine is available. The kitchen is fully equipped 
34478	Situé en plein cœur de Paris . Le métro Bastille est au pied de l immeuble . Nombreux commerces . Appartement très clair . Vue dégagée sur l'.Opéra Bastille et la Seine ( en hiver) quand les arbres n ont plus de feuilles 	Situé en plein cœur de Paris . Le métro Bastille est au pied de l immeuble . Nombreux commerces . Appartement très clair . Vue dégagée sur l'.Opéra Bastille et la Seine ( en hiver) quand les arbres n ont plus de feuilles  Les voyageurs sont à 5 minutes du Marais et des bords de seine , de la Gare de Lyon . Sinon la ligne 1 du métro ( en bas de l immeuble ) dessert tous les sites touristiques en peu de temps ( Louvre, grand palais , Champs Elysées, concorde , tuileries .... ) nombreux commerces d alimentation et restaurants dans la rue  Ligne 1 ( Charles de Gaulle étoile /château de Vincennes ) station Bastille .  Minimum 2 nuits. 50 e sont demandés à votre arrivée pour les frais de ménage ( draps , housses de couette et serviettes fournis)
34479		Situé au 1er étage lumineux  Grande loggia sur séjour et chambre  Dans une résidence récente  sur les hauteurs de Bagnolet  à 10mn du métro Gallieni 1mn du bus 76 ligne Bagnolet Rivoli Station Velib  Cuisine américaine entièrement  3 couchages max Parking privé  Possibilité location de voiture pendant le séjour
34480		Charmant 3 pièces : beau séjour, grande cuisine, grand bureau avec canapé lit,  chambre, salle de bain et  WC. Tout confort, prestations haut de gamme. Charme, tommettes, poutres, cheminée... En plein coeur du Marais, à 2 min de la Place des Vosges
34481	Standing This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by two gates. The first has a door code, the second has an intercom. The apartment is bright, the main room has a large bay window overlooking the street. It features an A/C system. Layout This 34 sqm studio has been recently renovated and furnished with beautiful made-to-measure teak pieces conveying a very relaxing atmosphere. The main room features a beautiful queen-size wood bed with built-in side tables (with memory foam pillows), a large wardrobe with mirror sliding doors and a television with cable TV channels. The impressive dining table and its comfortable and armchairs will accommodate up to four guests. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It has everything you need to spend a comfortable stay, dishwasher, electric stoves, combination-microwave. This is also where you will find the washer-dryer. The large bay window has electric shutters. You will therefore b	This 34 sqm studio has been recently renovated and furnished with beautiful made-to-measure teak pieces conveying a very relaxing atmosphere. Standing This apartment is located on the 1st floor of a building equipped with a lift. The access is secured by two gates. The first has a door code, the second has an intercom. The apartment is bright, the main room has a large bay window overlooking the street. It features an A/C system. Layout This 34 sqm studio has been recently renovated and furnished with beautiful made-to-measure teak pieces conveying a very relaxing atmosphere. The main room features a beautiful queen-size wood bed with built-in side tables (with memory foam pillows), a large wardrobe with mirror sliding doors and a television with cable TV channels. The impressive dining table and its comfortable and armchairs will accommodate up to four guests. The fitted kitchen is open on the main room. It has everything you need to spend a comfortable stay, dishwasher, electric stov
34482	"Superb 1 bedroom apartment (30 sqm) in the heart of Marais. Just refurbished in June 2011, it is located in the tourist's most demanded area, and more precisely in the pedestrian rue des Rosiers number 44, 350 m from metro ""Saint Paul"", 650 from metro ""Hôtel de Ville"" and 250 m from ""Franprix"" supermarket. During the last ten years, the Rue des Rosiers has become notable for fashion. The quaint boutiques of days-gone-by have given way to gleaming minimalist showrooms for some of Europe’s trendiest labels. Not following the Western holiday schedules, Rue des Rosier shops have become the meeting point for Parisians who want to eat out and shop on Sunday, Christmas or during any off days. We will be very happy to welcome you, and after booking I will send you some informations for point of interest around and directions Do not hesitate to contact for any questions or requests. This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your st"	"Superb 1 bedroom apartment (30 sqm) in the heart of Marais. Just refurbished in June 2011, it is located in the tourist's most demanded area, and more precisely in the pedestrian rue des Rosiers number 44, 350 m from metro ""Saint Paul"", 650 from metro ""Hôtel de Ville"" and 250 m from ""Franprix"" supermarket. During the last ten years, the Rue des Rosiers has become notable for fashion. The quaint boutiques of days-gone-by have given way to gleaming minimalist showrooms for some of Europe’s trendiest labels. Not following the Western holiday schedules, Rue des Rosier shops have become the meeting point for Parisians who want to eat out and shop on Sunday, Christmas or during any off days. We will be very happy to welcome you, and after booking I will send you some informations for point of interest around and directions Do not hesitate to contact for any questions or requests. This apartment is provided with white and clean pillowcase, towels and sheets. I hope that you will enjoy your st"
34483	Premises: This one-bedroom apartment is situated on the third floor of a six-floor 19th century building.The main entrance gate features a digicode and opens into a hall with an intercom which allows access to the elevator. The layout is as follows: The entrance door opens into a small corridor with the toilets located on the right, and the open kitchen and living-room -- on the left. The bathroom is straight ahead. The living room leads into the bedroom, which is on the left, and the kitchen, which is on the right. The living room has a parquet floor and 3 French doors with a small balcony overlooking the street. It is furnished with a wooden dining table and four chairs, a single-size sofa bed, a fireplace, and a bar with two stools. The bedroom has a parquet floor and two French doors with curtains and shutters that allow access to a small balcony overlooking the street. It is furnished with a double-size bed, 2 bedside tables with lamp, a light built-in closet with wardrobe space, 	APARTMENT FULLY FURNISHED 1 BEDROOM RUE DES ARCHIVES, PARIS 4° - HÔTEL DE VILLE – BEAUBOURG - 3p - area 60.0 m² - 3rd floor ELEVATOR - Métro: Hotel de Ville or Rambuteau Premises: This one-bedroom apartment is situated on the third floor of a six-floor 19th century building.The main entrance gate features a digicode and opens into a hall with an intercom which allows access to the elevator. The layout is as follows: The entrance door opens into a small corridor with the toilets located on the right, and the open kitchen and living-room -- on the left. The bathroom is straight ahead. The living room leads into the bedroom, which is on the left, and the kitchen, which is on the right. The living room has a parquet floor and 3 French doors with a small balcony overlooking the street. It is furnished with a wooden dining table and four chairs, a single-size sofa bed, a fireplace, and a bar with two stools. The bedroom has a parquet floor and two French doors with curtains and shutters that
34484	Hi!, Very charming 45sqm apartment located in the middle of the Marais, the historical center of Paris...just the perfect location for a couple of days in Paris, 3mn from La Bastille (on the left), 3mn from Saint Paul (on the right), 5mn from La Seine river, 1mn from Place des Vosges, and very near from Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, Louvre... The apartment is very charming and practical, with a big living room (25 to 30 sqm), with two big windows with bench to sit beside them, a bedroom separated from the living room by a quadruple glass door with curtain, an american open kitchen fully equipped, and a bathroom with a shower. The apartment can welcome 2 people in a double bed + two people in the brand new good sofa bed. The apartment has everything to facilitate the stay : big tv with cable, wifi optical fiber (100mo/s), a printer, a telephone with free international call, a computer, guiding books about Paris, a guitar, a 5.1 stereo music player, a radio, a dishwasher, a	Very lovely flat extremely well located in the center of the Marais. Perfect for a couple of days to visit Paris and enjoy the inner city life. Hi!, Very charming 45sqm apartment located in the middle of the Marais, the historical center of Paris...just the perfect location for a couple of days in Paris, 3mn from La Bastille (on the left), 3mn from Saint Paul (on the right), 5mn from La Seine river, 1mn from Place des Vosges, and very near from Ile Saint Louis, Notre Dame, Pere Lachaise, Louvre... The apartment is very charming and practical, with a big living room (25 to 30 sqm), with two big windows with bench to sit beside them, a bedroom separated from the living room by a quadruple glass door with curtain, an american open kitchen fully equipped, and a bathroom with a shower. The apartment can welcome 2 people in a double bed + two people in the brand new good sofa bed. The apartment has everything to facilitate the stay : big tv with cable, wifi optical fiber (100mo/s), a printer
34485	Location, location, location !   A peaceul apartment  right in the middle of everything; just a few minutes walk from the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Picasso Museum, the  Pompidou Museum, the Ile St. Louis,  and the Hotel de Ville, just to mention a few.   You will be spoiled with the endless choice of restaurants, cafés, patisseries  and unique boutiques of the Marais; this is definitely the most happening neighborhood in the city and on Sundays it becomes a pedestrian area for traffic free window shopping. Ideally located for transport,  steps to the most convenient metro  line in Paris, ( line 1 ),  taking you directly to the Louvre Museum,  the Place de la Concorde, the Champs Elysees and the Arch de Triomphe  among others.    A large choice of bus lines also stop  around the corner; for example take bus 69  for a scenic journey through the Ile de la Cité,  Quartier Latin, Saint Sulpice  all the way to the Eiffel Tower.   If you prefer boat riding, then the Batobus stop is also a sho	Location, location, location !   A peaceul apartment  right in the middle of everything; just a few minutes walk from the Notre Dame Cathedral, the Picasso Museum, the  Pompidou Museum, the Ile St. Louis,  and the Hotel de Ville, just to mention a few.   You will be spoiled with the endless choice of restaurants, cafés, patisseries  and unique boutiques of the Marais; this is definitely the most happening neighborhood in the city and on Sundays it becomes a pedestrian area for traffic free window shopping. Ideally located for transport,  steps to the most convenient metro  line in Paris, ( line 1 ),  taking you directly to the Louvre Museum,  the Place de la Concorde, the Champs Elysees and the Arch de Triomphe  among others.    A large choice of bus lines also stop  around the corner; for example take bus 69  for a scenic journey through the Ile de la Cité,  Quartier Latin, Saint Sulpice  all the way to the Eiffel Tower.   If you prefer boat riding, then the Batobus stop is also a sho
34486	LAYOUT This lovely 87sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms. It sleeps two people. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The first room on your right is the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The living area features two very comfortable couches and a coffee table. The dining area features a large dining table that can easily accommodate six guests. The French windows open on a long balcony. The corridor leads to the bedroom. It is very quiet and gives on the back side of the building. It features a double bed 140x200, a wardrobe and a desk. The en suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, a lovely washbasin with a large mirror, and toilets. This is also where you will find the washer and the dryer. A second bathroom is accessible from the corridor. It has a walk-in shower and a washbasin. The second toilets are next to this bathroom. They features toilets and a washbasin. The fitted kitchen is right in front of the living-room. It is very well equipp	Luxury 87 sqm apartment suitable for a couple looking for a very comfortable and spacious apartment in the center of Paris. Spacious, contemporary, with two bathrooms, this high standing place will be perfect for your stay. LAYOUT This lovely 87sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and two bathrooms. It sleeps two people. The entrance corridor leads to all the rooms. The first room on your right is the main room. It has been divided in two areas. The living area features two very comfortable couches and a coffee table. The dining area features a large dining table that can easily accommodate six guests. The French windows open on a long balcony. The corridor leads to the bedroom. It is very quiet and gives on the back side of the building. It features a double bed 140x200, a wardrobe and a desk. The en suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, a lovely washbasin with a large mirror, and toilets. This is also where you will find the washer and the dryer. A second bathroom is accessible 
34487		Lovely 18 m2 studio with a mezzanine perfectly located on the Saint-Louis Island. It has a fully equipped kitchen with stoves and a small oven. There is an indi
34488	Lovely apartment located in the heart of the trendy and historical district of Le Marais, the most central location in Paris. You will discover an atypical flat of 35 square meters with wooden floors, a  3.5 meters high ceiling and huge windows.  Clean, calm and very cosy, it is situated on the first floor (no lift, unfortunately) and with a courtyard view.  There is a double bed, a separate bathroom with a bathtub, and a separate kitchen. Free wifi available.  No cleaning fees charged.  Situated literally right next to the place des Vosges, there are plenty of  cafés, restaurants, churches, gardens and small shops hidden in the small streets of the Marais.  Whether you prefer the traditional French cuisine available in many bistrots, trendy organic restaurants, or the famous falafels of the rue des Rosiers, you will be able to taste amazing food.    The area is also famous for its many independent French designers and vintage shops.  You will be within walking distances from the île S	Lovely apartment located in the heart of the trendy and historical district of Le Marais, the most central location in Paris. You will discover an atypical flat of 35 square meters with wooden floors, a  3.5 meters high ceiling and huge wind
34489	This exquisite 2 bedroom apartment is the newest arrival to our family and a shining jewel in our crown. Lovingly renovated in April 2014, every care has been taken to ensure our guests enjoy their stay in comfort and style! Each piece of furniture has been hand chosen and their retro design marry perfectly with glistening white walls, metal framed interior windows, wooden floorboards, and bare stone walls. Think Parisian, industrial, retro chic! 	Lovingly renovated in April 2014, every care has been taken to ensure our guests enjoy their stay in comfort and style! Think Parisian, industrial, retro chic in the heart of Paris's most loved area. Restauraunts, culture, cafés galore! Fall in Love! This exquisite 2 bedroom apartment is the newest arrival to our family and a shining jewel in our crown. Lovingly renovated in April 2014, every care has been taken to ensure our guests enjoy their stay in comfort and style! Each piece of furniture has been hand chosen and their retro design marry perfectly with glistening white walls, metal framed interior windows, wooden floorboards, and bare stone walls. Think Parisian, industrial, retro chic! The guest will be met personally. Any questions you may have about the space or the area will be answered at this time. A step outside and you will find yourself in the heart of the Marais and the best Paris has to offer.  Indeed the Marais is the heartbeat of Paris due to it's central location, a
34490	Welcome to this nice apartment steps from Centre George Pompidou surrounded by trendy restaurants and bars of the Marais. Full of light, it can accomodate up to 4 people. Well equipped, located in a calm leafy square on the fourth floor with an elevator, it has just been renovated by an interior architect It has an open kitchen( dishwasher,stove,a microwave, a kettle, a coffeemaker etc.....) The livingroom is provided with a two bedsofa, it has a flatscreenTV and a hifi. In the bedroom, you will see a double bed, a desk, and lots of cupboards. It's a very good location if you wish to go out to restaurants, concerts, museums,shops etc... Ther are lots of supermakets as well as plenty bakers around. A little retaurant being renavating should open soon, at street level Access via public transport You are in the very center of Paris and the nearest metro stations are: Rambuteau on line 11 and Chatelet ( very easy access from airports) on line 1,or 4 or 7 or 14. RER A B D (direct to Charles	Welcome to this nice apartment steps from Centre George Pompidou surrounded by trendy restaurants and bars of the Marais. Full of light, it can accomodate up to 4 people. Well equipped, located in a calm leafy square on the fourth floor with an elevator, it has just been renovated by an interior architect It has an open kitchen( dishwasher,stove,a microwave, a kettle, a coffeemaker etc.....) The livingroom is provided with a two bedsofa, it has a flatscreenTV and a hifi. In the bedroom, you will see a double bed, a desk, and lots of cupboards. It's a very good location if you wish to go out to restaurants, concerts, museums,shops etc... Ther are lots of supermakets as well as plenty bakers around. A little retaurant being renavating should open soon, at street level Access via public transport You are in the very center of Paris and the nearest metro stations are: Rambuteau on line 11 and Chatelet ( very easy access from airports) on line 1,or 4 or 7 or 14. RER A B D (direct to Charles
34491	STANDING This lovely apartment is located on the 6th floor with a lift of a building secured by two door codes. The windows give on the roofs, you will be able to see the golden angel of Bastille. The apartment itself is very bright. LAYOUT This marvelous 37sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It is very luminous and airy.  The entrance gives on a hallway with wardrobe and storage space for your luggage. On your right you will find the bedroom, featuring a high quality bed (140x200). You will be able to watch TV or discover the numerous books available there. The bathroom gives on the bedroom, it has sliding doors on both sides (as it can be open on the main room or on the bedroom). This bathroom has a contemporary design and a lovely bathtub. The toilets are in a separate room, giving on the corridor. The main room is comfortable, there is so much light, it will be a real pleasure to spend time here, surrounded by art books, paintings, oriental pieces of art on the wall,…  The living	Amazing 1-bedroom apartment to rent in Le Marais area, two steps away from the famous Place des Vosges in Paris. You will love this contemporary interior, bright, quiet and comfortable. STANDING This lovely apartment is located on the 6th floor with a lift of a building secured by two door codes. The windows give on the roofs, you will be able to see the golden angel of Bastille. The apartment itself is very bright. LAYOUT This marvelous 37sqm apartment has a separate bedroom. It is very luminous and airy.  The entrance gives on a hallway with wardrobe and storage space for your luggage. On your right you will find the bedroom, featuring a high quality bed (140x200). You will be able to watch TV or discover the numerous books available there. The bathroom gives on the bedroom, it has sliding doors on both sides (as it can be open on the main room or on the bedroom). This bathroom has a contemporary design and a lovely bathtub. The toilets are in a separate room, giving on the corridor.
34492	"Dans le plus vieux et le plus charmant quartier de Paris, découvrez cet appartement très bien situé, en plein cœur du Marais. La rue Vieille du Temple est réservée aux piétons le week-end, et regorgent de restaurants, de boutiques et de galeries d’art ouverts tous les jours. Plusieurs très jolies ballades peuvent se faire à pieds depuis l’appartement : -""Beaubourg"" : 5 minutes -""Notre Dame"" et ""l’Ile Saint Louis"" : 5 minutes -""Bastille"" : 10 minutes -""Musée du Louvre"" : 15 minutes -""Saint Germain"" : 20 minutes Ou en métro (Station Saint Paul ou ""Hôtel de Ville"") -""Champs Elysée"" : 15 minutes -""Sacré Cœur"" / ""Moulin Rouge"" : 25 minutes -""Tour Eiffel"" : 25 minutes L’appartement de 45m2 (485 square feet) est très lumineux (5 fenêtres), très calme (sur cours/ backyard), et a été totalement refait à neuf en juin 2014. "	"Dans le plus vieux et le plus charmant quartier de Paris, découvrez cet appartement très bien situé, en plein cœur du Marais : rue Vieille du Temple. Dans le plus vieux et le plus charmant quartier de Paris, découvrez cet appartement très bien situé, en plein cœur du Marais. La rue Vieille du Temple est réservée aux piétons le week-end, et regorgent de restaurants, de boutiques et de galeries d’art ouverts tous les jours. Plusieurs très jolies ballades peuvent se faire à pieds depuis l’appartement : -""Beaubourg"" : 5 minutes -""Notre Dame"" et ""l’Ile Saint Louis"" : 5 minutes -""Bastille"" : 10 minutes -""Musée du Louvre"" : 15 minutes -""Saint Germain"" : 20 minutes Ou en métro (Station Saint Paul ou ""Hôtel de Ville"") -""Champs Elysée"" : 15 minutes -""Sacré Cœur"" / ""Moulin Rouge"" : 25 minutes -""Tour Eiffel"" : 25 minutes L’appartement de 45m2 (485 square feet) est très lumineux (5 fenêtres), très calme (sur cours/ backyard), et a été totalement refait à neuf en juin 2014. You can ask me anything y"
34493	Situé dans un quartier très vivant, dans un immeuble du XVIIeme siècle cet appartement (1er étage sans ascenseur) bien équipé et fonctionnel, donne à la fois sur une petite rue calme, typique du marais et sur une cour intérieure. Il est inséré dans un petite habitation autonome d'un seul étage comportant seulement deux studios. Il est adapté pour 2 personnes, et bénéficie d'une grande douche. Au coeur de Paris, à deux pas du centre d'art contemporain de Beaubourg, de la Seine et de l'Hôtel de ville, la rue Rambuteau (entrée de l'immeuble) est agréable à vivre avec de très nombreux commerces, cafés et boutiques. Le quartier du Marais à la vie culturelle intense est également idéal pour des moments shopping. La vie nocturne du quartier est particulièrement développée avec ses restaurants, bars et night-clubs. A proximité immédiate de 4 lignes de métro (1,3,4,11) de la station RER des Halles/Châtelet qui est à 8 minutes à pied (3 lignes), avec un accès direct à Roissy Charles de Gaulle. L	Charmant studio, très bien équipé, de 24 m2 dans un immeuble calme et bien entretenu au coeur de Paris et du quartier du Marais.  1er étage sans ascenceur, ouvert sur une jolie cour et sur une petite rue calme et typique à côté du centre Pompidou Situé dans un quartier très vivant, dans un immeuble du XVIIeme siècle cet appartement (1er étage sans ascenseur) bien équipé et fonctionnel, donne à la fois sur une petite rue calme, typique du marais et sur une cour intérieure. Il est inséré dans un petite habitation autonome d'un seul étage comportant seulement deux studios. Il est adapté pour 2 personnes, et bénéficie d'une grande douche. Au coeur de Paris, à deux pas du centre d'art contemporain de Beaubourg, de la Seine et de l'Hôtel de ville, la rue Rambuteau (entrée de l'immeuble) est agréable à vivre avec de très nombreux commerces, cafés et boutiques. Le quartier du Marais à la vie culturelle intense est également idéal pour des moments shopping. La vie nocturne du quartier est parti
34494	Located in the heart of Ile saint louis, just renewed apartment on 4th floor with no elevator. Very central, comfortable and quiet. A 5 minutes walk to Notre Dame, 5 minutes walk to the Marais, 10 minutes walk to Bastille, 15 minutes walk to Georges Pompidou Art Center (Beaubourg). The apartment is located on the main street of the Ile saint louis, close to famous Bertillon, shopping stores, cafés, and restaurants. The apartment is composed of a room with 2 beds (90cmx190 for two people), a mezzanine floor bedroom with a big bed (160cmx190cm for two people),a living room with a sofa bed (140x190 for two people), Linens are provided for each bed, a bathroom (equipped with hair blow drier and curling tongs and towels provided ) and a kitchen equipped for cooking.  A big table for eating all together in the living room A big desk for working quietly An extra bed (cot) for babies (from birth to 3 years of the child) is available in the apartment and is equipped with a protective sheet and 	Located in the heart of Ile saint louis, just renewed apartment on 4th floor with no elevator. Very central, comfortable and quiet. A 5 minutes walk to Notre Dame, 5 minutes walk to the Marais, 10 minutes walk to Bastille, 15 minutes walk to Georges Pompidou Art Center (Beaubourg). The apartment is located on the main street of the Ile saint louis, close to famous Bertillon, shopping stores, cafés, and restaurants. The apartment is composed of a room with 2 beds (90cmx190 for two people), a mezzanine floor bedroom with a big bed (160cmx190cm for two people),a living room with a sofa bed (140x190 for two people), Linens are provided for each bed, a bathroom (equipped with hair blow drier and curling tongs and towels provided ) and a kitchen equipped for cooking.  A big table for eating all together in the living room A big desk for working quietly An extra bed (cot) for babies (from birth to 3 years of the child) is available in the apartment and is equipped with a protective sheet and 
34495	At the heart of the Marais, near Place des Vosges (200m), Bastille (200 m), near the Seine, near the Port de l'Arsenal, this apartment is ideal for enjoying your stay in Paris . You can enjoy the tranquility and comfort of the apartment to relax after a day of sightseeing, shopping or work and excitement offered by the region cinemas stores, supermarkets, fashion, restaurants, banks, post offices .. The apartment is located near the metro station Saint-Paul, served by line 1 which crosses Paris. It is 2 metro stops from Chatelet-Les Halles offers direct airport Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Disneyland park in Marne La Vallée. The apartment has been completely renovated. It has a high ceiling. The beams are visible in the style of The Marais kitchen is equipped with an induction hob, microwave, kettle, fridge, freezer, toaster, etc .... It opens onto a living room with sofa bed (1,10 m bed), an armchair, a TV, a coffee table. In the room you will find a bed for 2 people (1.40 m), 	At the heart of the Marais, near Place des Vosges (200m), Bastille (200 m), near the Seine, near the Port de l'Arsenal, this apartment is ideal for enjoying your stay in Paris . You can enjoy the tranquility and comfort of the apartment to relax after a day of sightseeing, shopping or work and excitement offered by the region cinemas stores, supermarkets, fashion, restaurants, banks, post offices .. The apartment is located near the metro station Saint-Paul, served by line 1 which crosses Paris. It is 2 metro stops from Chatelet-Les Halles offers direct airport Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Disneyland park in Marne La Vallée. The apartment has been completely renovated. It has a high ceiling. The beams are visible in the style of The Marais kitchen is equipped with an induction hob, microwave, kettle, fridge, freezer, toaster, etc .... It opens onto a living room with sofa bed (1,10 m bed), an armchair, a TV, a coffee table. In the room you will find a bed for 2 people (1.40 m), 
34496	40 sqm. Beautiful separate bedroom with a bed 2 places + living room with sofa bed 1 place. Sheets and towels (website hidden) + internet Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, coffee maker, oven, stove. Bathroom with shower, sink and toilet.	Beautiful Parisian apartment in the heart of central Paris Bastille, a few meters from the Opera House, the Metro and two bike stations. Central area lively and convenient access. Many bars and restaurants. 1 minute from the port of the Arsenal. 40 sqm. Beautiful separate bedroom with a bed 2 places + living room with sofa bed 1 place. Sheets and towels (website hidden) + internet Kitchen: dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, coffee maker, oven, stove. Bathroom with shower, sink and toilet.
34497	"Beautiful apartment located in the heart of ""Le Marais"" close to the ""Place des Vosges"" and ""Opera Bastille"" You are close to the most beautiful monuments of Paris, in a shopping and vibrant area! The apartment is located in a quiet street in the 1st. floor of an old building completely renovated. It includes a Large open living room with two separate bedrooms with a queen size bed,  a kitchen, a separate toilet. . Bathroom with bath. Washing machine. The apartment has a TV, Wifi Broadband, a washing machine, coffee maker... Many restaurants and shops nearby. Metro is 80 meters (1,5,8 lines). "	"rue Jean Beausire, 75004 Paris Situé au coeur  du Marais, à proximité de la Bastille. Beautiful apartment located in the heart of ""Le Marais"" close to the ""Place des Vosges"" and ""Opera Bastille"" You are close to the most beautiful monuments of Paris, in a shopping and vibrant area! The apartment is located in a quiet street in the 1st. floor of an old building completely renovated. It includes a Large open living room with two separate bedrooms with a queen size bed,  a kitchen, a separate toilet. . Bathroom with bath. Washing machine. The apartment has a TV, Wifi Broadband, a washing machine, coffee maker... Many restaurants and shops nearby. Metro is 80 meters (1,5,8 lines). We will always be available to help you :) Ideal for walking, buying traditional food, going to bars and cafes or visit Le Marais mark of ""mansions"" ... and numerous art galleries that you can visit. We will give you the good addresses! 10 minutes walk from the Place des Vosges.   2 stations 2 minutes from metro."
34498	The bedroom is 15m² and is equipped with a double bed, a desk, a hanging rail and large shelf to put of your clothes and stuff. It is very quiet as it opens on a courtyard. The flat is luminous and spacious (110m²). It has four bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms and separated toilets. The flat also has its own balcony opening on a park. The building is a Haussmann style one located in le Marais, a very central area of Paris (five minutes walking from Notre-Dame de Paris, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville …).	Hôtel de ville. Châtelet. Tour Saint Jacques. Rue de Rivoli. Louvre. Notre-Dame Cathedral. The Marais. Downtown. City center. Touristic. Tourism center. Central. First district. Fourth district. Premier arrondissement. Quatrième arrondissement. The bedroom is 15m² and is equipped with a double bed, a desk, a hanging rail and large shelf to put of your clothes and stuff. It is very quiet as it opens on a courtyard. The flat is luminous and spacious (110m²). It has four bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen, two bathrooms and separated toilets. The flat also has its own balcony opening on a park. The building is a Haussmann style one located in le Marais, a very central area of Paris (five minutes walking from Notre-Dame de Paris, Beaubourg, Hôtel de Ville …). The flat is two minutes walking from Châtelet, the biggest metro station of Paris with 8 different metro lines and several bus stops. It is also close to shops, restaurants and many touristic places. The flatmates are three young 
34499	The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a beautiful building  giving on one side, on a very picturesque courtyard, and on the other side , on a small historic pedestrian street . You have,  in front of the building,  all the facilities for a pleasant stay : supermarket, excellent bakeries , metro, various restaurants  You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bedding,  a coffee table , a dining table glass round with four chairs, a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is open to the living . It includes  all the appliances you want, with , in particular, an electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom is very quiet.The first one features  a large bed able to be separated into 2 beds if necessary. , bedside tables , a dresser and a large closet The second bedroom has a double bed , a wardrobe, a closet  ,  a desk and bedside t	Wonderful apartment with 2 bedrooms, wonderful location in the heart of the Marais, completely renovated and perfectly equipped, able to accomodate Everything is provided in the apartment like towels sheets linen soap 6 people The apartment is located on the 2nd floor with elevator of a beautiful building  giving on one side, on a very picturesque courtyard, and on the other side , on a small historic pedestrian street . You have,  in front of the building,  all the facilities for a pleasant stay : supermarket, excellent bakeries , metro, various restaurants  You have a living room with a sofa bed with a very comfortable bedding,  a coffee table , a dining table glass round with four chairs, a flat screen TV and international channels . The unlimited internet with wifi is offered .. The kitchen is open to the living . It includes  all the appliances you want, with , in particular, an electric oven and a washer dryer . Varied dishes and cooking utensils are provided to you The bedroom i
