22200		Nice 1 bedroom apartment near Place Monge. Walking distance to Jardin de Luxembourg, Saint Germain, Notre Dame de Paris. Located in the very safe and quiet neighborhood. Close to metro and supermarkets. Surrounded by nice restaurants.
22201	Exposed beams and the unique location in the heart of Paris give to this charming parisian flat a special touch : you will be delighted about it! TV and wifi are available, possibility to connect an ipod for music according to your taste.	Flat for 4 people: 1 double bed and a sofa bed for 2 people. 1 bedroom, living room, kitchen, 1 bathroom, 1 dressing.  2 minute walk from the subway and buses. Near the Latin Quarter, the Mouffetard street, Châtelet, etc.. Enjoy :) Exposed beams and the unique location in the heart of Paris give to this charming parisian flat a special touch : you will be delighted about it! TV and wifi are available, possibility to connect an ipod for music according to your taste. The street is very quite but very closed to Mouffetard Street (5 min walk) with many bars and night clubs. There are also many good and not too expansive restaurants. On the Sunday morning, a charming market gives to the district a look of little village that parisians and tourists love and enjoy around a coffee outside the café.  Access to public transport (bus, metro and Noctiliens) within two minutes walk. The flat is from 15/20 minutes to Châtelet, from 30 minutes to the Eiffel Tower by metro, to 15 minutes of Notre Dam
22202	L'appartement est entouré de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Mais dans ce quartier animé, une fois rentrés, vous serez au calme et entendrez même chanter les oiseaux.	Notre appartement, plein de charme et très lumineux, est idéalement situé: à deux pas du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes et du Luxembourg, non loin de Saint-Germain-des-Prés et du Quartier latin. Notre-Dame est également accessible à pied. L'appartement est entouré de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants. Mais dans ce quartier animé, une fois rentrés, vous serez au calme et entendrez même chanter les oiseaux. Appartement situé au 5e étage sans ascenseur Dans la mesure du possible, nous serons à votre disposition pour vous renseigner pendant votre séjour. En tout cas, nous ferons en sorte de vous donner de bons conseils pour profiter pleinement de Paris. Le quartier Mouffetard fait partie des incontournables d'une visite parisienne. Avec ses petites rues très animées, ses commerces de produits traditionnels, ses nombreux restaurants et bars, il attire les touristes et les Parisiens. Parmi nos adresses préférées:  - le Dose Café, à deux pas de l'appartement, pour boire un délicieux ca
22203	La situation est unique, desservie par de nombreux bus et par le RER B. L'appartement est à côté du panthéon et du jardin du Luxembourg. La décoration est fleurie et plutôt féminine. La configuration est idéale  pour des personnes qui se connaissent vraiment.	Petit studio confortable pour une ou deux personnes, au pied du Luxembourg et à deux pas des quartiers St Michel et St germain.  Ambiance cocon intime. Petit espace mais très bien ammenagé. La situation est unique, desservie par de nombreux bus et par le RER B. L'appartement est à côté du panthéon et du jardin du Luxembourg. La décoration est fleurie et plutôt féminine. La configuration est idéale  pour des personnes qui se connaissent vraiment. Malheureusement non RER b : Luxembourg Bus (phone number hidden): arrêt Luxembourg Métro 4 : odéon Métro 10 : Cluny Métro 7: place monge
22204	Amazing loft filled with light, very comfortable.	The apartment has been completely remodeled by a designer and architect. Balcony with views of the Eiffel Tower and table and chairs for breakfast. The area is very parisian, a market 3 times a week, sunny cafés, and many bus lines to  visit Paris  Amazing loft filled with light, very comfortable. Full kitchen, wifi, A/C in the master bedroom I live next door, so I can help with tips for places to visit, restaurants... Very parisian, safe area, it's close to everything yet not in the middle of the crowded tourists spots Direct train from both airports, many metros and buses around, and many places to walk to like the Luxembourg garden. Free cell phone with calls to the US included
22205	70 mq “Charming Maître Albert” has a nice and large living room with two windows, a bedroom with a queen size bed and an en-suite bathroom (with shower), a bureau room with a single bed, a main bathroom with a tub/shower and a kitchen.  To go to the main bedroom you have to pass through the bureau room. The antique furniture, the splendid carpets on the floor and on the walls, the books on the shelves, everything embraces the apartment in a warm, unique Parisien aura. The rooms decorated with objects and furniture of the past as two armchairs of the late 18th century or a Chinese little piece of furniture of the early 19th century, a 17th century Chinese table in the kitchen a Persian “kilim” in the bureau, paintings and art objects…  If you are so lucky as to stay there, you will make the unique experience to live in a true Parisian house getting the feeling of intimacy that only a beautiful apartment of this kind can give …quite different from a hotel!	On the “rive gauche” of the Seine, just a few meters from the impressive Notre Dame and from the magic Ile Saint-Louis, the apartment “Charming Maître Albert” stands as a hidden gem of refined beauty. 70 mq “Charming Maître Albert” has a nice and large living room with two windows, a bedroom with a queen size bed and an en-suite bathroom (with shower), a bureau room with a single bed, a main bathroom with a tub/shower and a kitchen.  To go to the main bedroom you have to pass through the bureau room. The antique furniture, the splendid carpets on the floor and on the walls, the books on the shelves, everything embraces the apartment in a warm, unique Parisien aura. The rooms decorated with objects and furniture of the past as two armchairs of the late 18th century or a Chinese little piece of furniture of the early 19th century, a 17th century Chinese table in the kitchen a Persian “kilim” in the bureau, paintings and art objects…  If you are so lucky as to stay there, you will make th
22206	"Comfortably accommodates up to 3 people. Very safe bulding and clean apartment 4th floor (without elevator). Located in the heart of the charming Latin district, on quiet street, this renovated flat of 35sq meter has 1 bed room which is equipped with a comfortable bed, a sofa bed is in the living room (all are quality bed), an equiped kitchen and bathroom.  The apartment is in the 5th arrondissement, close to the Botanical garden, Place Monge and the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"". Only 10/15 minutes walking to Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, the Panthéon, Luxembourg Gardens, the Ile Saint louis. The district is full of shops, restaurants, brasseries,green areas. You get also on every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday the pittoresque food market on the Place Monge.  Very close of the apartment you can also find metro station ""Censier-Daubenton"", ""Gobelins"" (ligne 7) et ""Jussieu"", ""Cardinal Lemoine"" (Ligne 10) & bus station. EQUIPMENTS : Washing machine, oven microwave, kettle, coffee maker, Nespres"	"This one bedroom apartment is a very charming, quiet and bright. Still very close to the the lively area ""  Rue Mouffetard "". Comfortably accommodates up to 3 people. Very safe bulding and clean apartment 4th floor (without elevator). Located in the heart of the charming Latin district, on quiet street, this renovated flat of 35sq meter has 1 bed room which is equipped with a comfortable bed, a sofa bed is in the living room (all are quality bed), an equiped kitchen and bathroom.  The apartment is in the 5th arrondissement, close to the Botanical garden, Place Monge and the famous ""Rue Mouffetard"". Only 10/15 minutes walking to Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral, the Panthéon, Luxembourg Gardens, the Ile Saint louis. The district is full of shops, restaurants, brasseries,green areas. You get also on every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday the pittoresque food market on the Place Monge.  Very close of the apartment you can also find metro station ""Censier-Daubenton"", ""Gobelins"" (ligne 7) et ""Juss"
22207	A fully renovated studio, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, AIR CONDITIONING. It's on the 2nd floor, but no lift, as the building is 400 years old. Facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning inclus.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk on foot, but also take the Metro (Saint-Michel) or the bus, not to mention the bicycle rentals nearby.  For the Jazz music lovers, there is a bar on the other side of the street, but, by law, it has to stop at 10PM so silence is just a phone call away. Your	We named this charming Studio Héloise, as it's located in the Latin Quarter, idealy near the Seine, facing Notre Dame, surounded by many monuments and churches. A fully renovated studio, strictly SMOKE FREE, in perfect condition, decorated with antique furniture and many paintings, bathroom and fully equipped : kitchen, washer dryer, Internet, WiFi, TV with English channels, AIR CONDITIONING. It's on the 2nd floor, but no lift, as the building is 400 years old. Facing Notre Dame, in the heart of the Latin Quarter, between Saint Germain des Pres and the Seine.  Towels and linen provided, weekly cleaning inclus.  You'll live a unique experience in the historic Paris, close to the most visited monuments, Notre Dame, La Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Sorbonne, etc. All the cuisines of the world are nearby, as well as a market of fresh fruits and vegetables, and many shops and cafes. You can walk on foot, but also take the Metro (Saint-Michel) or the bus, not to mention the bicycle rentals n
22208	the place is unique ! 10 min walk to pantheon 3 min walk to jardin des plantes 5 min walk to rue mouffetard 20 min walk to notre dame	Graphic designer and her daughter rent a real typical parisian flat during holidays ! 2 rooms, 48m2, in a very nice place to stay. the neigboorhood is quiet and calm but afer 2 minutes of walk, you 'll find several restaurants and famous places to go Nous attendons de nos hôtes qu'ils respectent la confiance qu'on leur accorde en leur laissant notre appartement: laisser les lieux propres et sans dégradations des peintures ou du parquet, respect des voisins et enfin des affaires privées dans les placards. Merci beaucoup !
22209	very well located very sunny 1 bedroom appartment near rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, jardin des plantes and jardin du Luxembourg. 21m² : one bedroom, one kitchen with dinig table. 	cosy 1 bedroom appartment in the center of quartier Latin of Paris near rue Mouffetard and Panthéon.  very well located very sunny 1 bedroom appartment near rue Mouffetard, Panthéon, jardin des plantes and jardin du Luxembourg. 21m² : one bedroom, one kitchen with dinig table.  We live nearbuy and will be very reactive for any assistance you might need.  Near rue Mouffetard, place de la Contrescarpe, Panthéon, jardin de plantes, musée d'histoire naturelle, jardin du Luxembourg...  Métro Cardinal Lemoine (Ligne 10), or place Monge (Ligne 7). Several bus lines (47, 89...) RER B Luxembourg a few minutes away. I provide all the essentials that you would need for a confortable stay. There is a hairdryer, a Nespresso machine. I also provide sheets, towels, etc...
22210	The situation is great. Touristic place. 3 rooms flat, including 2 bedrooms. A nice little garden for a sunny breakfast.  Large kitchen. apartment very authentic with lots of charm and Character	Great location two steps away from Luxembourg Gardens and close to public transport.  Just between St Germain and the Latin Quarter, a nice walk down St Michel to Notre Dame. Backdoor opens onto a small garden, lots of charm and authenticity. The situation is great. Touristic place. 3 rooms flat, including 2 bedrooms. A nice little garden for a sunny breakfast.  Large kitchen. apartment very authentic with lots of charm and Character All things in the house They can call me. Im gonna be there for them Le Luxembourg, St Michel, St Germain des Près, Notre Dame, the historical center of Paris. Everything can be reach by walk. Lots of restaurant, bars and Parcs By train, subway or bus. Very close to public transport.
22211	We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Welcome to Paris Latin Quarters, a family townhouse run by Robert Reuter in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Here you will find us, perched on the slopes of St. Genevieve where the Pantheon dominates the hilltop and the bustle of cafe life and academia of the Sorbonne has thrived for centuries.  Decorated in contemporary period complimented with modern amenities and equipped with all the appliances you will need. You'll be received in a manner to 	Air Conditioning for those hot summer nights! Newly painted and updated. We're watching the euro get weaker by the moment and for those traveling based on U.S., Australian or Canadian dollars, this is a godsend. The euro is at an 11-year low against the dollar and is marked as one of the most dramatic periods in the history of currency trading. We’re seeing a real comeback by tourists whose greenbacks will get them a whole lot further on European soil.  We are located in the sought after Latin Quarter/St. Germain arrondissement, one of Paris's most prime locations near shopping, restaurants, museums and monuments.  Welcome to Paris Latin Quarters, a family townhouse run by Robert Reuter in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Here you will find us, perched on the slopes of St. Genevieve where the Pantheon dominates the hilltop and the bustle of cafe life and academia of the Sorbonne has thrived for centuries.  Decorated in contemporary period complimented with modern amenities and equipped 
22212	Renovated by Architect/Designer in 2012, not overlooked, calm and bright.	Large apartment ideally located in the centre of Paris (5th arrondissement)  Renovated by Architect/Designer in 2012, not overlooked, calm and bright. oven, induction hob, teppaniaky grill The appartement is very easily reachable from Paris CDG Airport through: RER B direct to Port-Royal station. It is also directly reachable from Montparnasse, Gare de Lyon or Austerlitz train stations by bus 91.
22213	parquet, cheminée dans chaque pièce, appartement traversant, lumineux	Appartement de 100M2, 2 chambres spacieuses avec lit double, grand salon, cuisine, salle de bains avec baignoire, machines à laver, wifi, télévision. Très bien desservi, quartier typiquement parisien rive gauche, marché, jardin des plantes parquet, cheminée dans chaque pièce, appartement traversant, lumineux Je serai là pour vous à l'arrivée et à votre départ et serai toujours joignable pour vous. Quartier Mouffetard, marché tous les jours, près du jardin des plantes. Quartier sympathique, calme, un cinéma juste à côté. Vous serez près du jardin du Luxembourg, de Saint-Michel et de Montparnasse. Beaucoup de transports  : métro ligne 7 Les Gobelins ou Censier Daubenton, Ligne 6 Glacière. Bus : ligne (phone number hidden)
22214	Joli appartement de 30m² en plein centre du vieux Paris. C'est un 2 pièces pouvant loger 2 personnes. La chambre est meublée d'un lit double en 140 et d'une armoire. Très propre, meublé à neuf et plein de charme avec son parquet ancien, sa belle hauteur sous plafond et ses trois grandes fenêtres, il dispose d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, une petite salle de bain avec douche et une chambre agréable. Un accès internet (fibre) vous permettra de vous connecter en wifi. L'appartement est situé dans le 5e arrondissement de Paris qui de par son histoire, ses monuments et ses diverses institutions culturelles, est l'un des plus riches de la capitale, ouvert à tous les domaines culturels et artistiques. Il se situe rue de l'Arbalète, à quelques mètres à peine de la fameuse rue Mouffetard, avec son marché typique, ses boulangeries, charcuteries, fromageries traditionnelles, de nombreux restaurants et cafés.  Vous trouverez différents bus, métros (ligne 7 à 100m) et stations Vélib' tout auto	Appartement deux pièces plein de charme au cœur du 5ème arrondissement. L'appartement donne sur une cour, il est donc très calme. Il est situé à quelques pas de la rue Mouffetard, très commerçante. Le métro est à 5 minutes à pied, Paris est à vous! Joli appartement de 30m² en plein centre du vieux Paris. C'est un 2 pièces pouvant loger 2 personnes. La chambre est meublée d'un lit double en 140 et d'une armoire. Très propre, meublé à neuf et plein de charme avec son parquet ancien, sa belle hauteur sous plafond et ses trois grandes fenêtres, il dispose d'une cuisine ouverte sur le salon, une petite salle de bain avec douche et une chambre agréable. Un accès internet (fibre) vous permettra de vous connecter en wifi. L'appartement est situé dans le 5e arrondissement de Paris qui de par son histoire, ses monuments et ses diverses institutions culturelles, est l'un des plus riches de la capitale, ouvert à tous les domaines culturels et artistiques. Il se situe rue de l'Arbalète, à quelques 
22215	Surface de 15m2 en loi Carrez (plus de 1,80 m de hauteur), et 28 m2 au sol.	Chaleureux. Chambre à part avec lit double futon. Canapé-lit une place futon dans le salon. Cuisine américaine équipée. Salle de bains avec douche et WC Sani-broyeur. Produits de base à disposition. WIFI. Idéalement situé, en face de l'entrée du Jardin des Plantes et de la gare d'Austerlitz. Métro 10 et 5, RER C, station Vélib' au pied de l'immeuble. Commerces dans la rue (boulangerie, restaurants, pharmacie…). Au 5ème étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble ancien en excellent état, digicode. Surface de 15m2 en loi Carrez (plus de 1,80 m de hauteur), et 28 m2 au sol. Attention de ne rien jeter d'autre que le papier hygiénique dans le Sanibroyeur (tampon, lingettes, papier absorbant…)
22216	OK the apartment is tip top all equipped. It has everything. So please bring your Clothes :) Only.  Its on first floor with a window/view in garden. So its peaceful and clean. A Private cosy bedroom - double bed, Complete Bathroom with tub, washing machine. An American kitchen totally equipped 	Flat by the river near Notre Dame across Ile Saint Louis. Walk to Notre Dame, Bastille, Pont des Arts, Louvre, Pantheon, St.Michel, St.German etc. With private garden - rare in Paris. Flat completely equipped for perfect holiday with comfort. SeeU! OK the apartment is tip top all equipped. It has everything. So please bring your Clothes :) Only.  Its on first floor with a window/view in garden. So its peaceful and clean. A Private cosy bedroom - double bed, Complete Bathroom with tub, washing machine. An American kitchen totally equipped Kitchen with ceramic hot plates, real big oven, microwave oven, refrigerator etc. And a Lounge with view in garden. Lcd TV and all furniture. Its a Perfect home for a couple or friends, young professionals. It can host 4 people max for a week time max. For Two it can be longterm.  Free phone and high speed Internet with wifi - no bills or charges. Fresh Linen and towels provided once.  For monthly rentals: I month security deposit will be required.  I 
22217	Very charming studio apartment for two persons at the fourth floor with an elevator. Located in the heart of Paris, in a quiet parisian neighborhood. Close to all amenities (subway, markets, shops, bars, restaurants, museums).  It is a small apartment well appointed with a wall bed and a sofa integrated that allows you to enjoy a living room wtith a good sofa or a bedroom with a real bed that comes down a hidden spot (very easy to use, there is nothing to move in the studio before the bed comes down), a nice kitchen with a bar where you can eat, and a bathroom.   There is a lot of storage  . It is a bright and sunny apartment very pleasant to live. Fully equiped : Wifi internet access, a TV, a DVD/CD player, a Washing machine, a Dishwasher, an Oven/Micro-wave. If you need more information on the apartment do not hesitate to ask me. Albert	Very charming studio apartment for two persons at the fourth floor with an elevator. Located in the heart of Paris, in a quiet parisian neighborhood. Close to all amenities (subway, markets, shops, bars, restaurants, museums).  It is a small apartment well appointed with a wall bed and a sofa integrated that allows you to enjoy a living room wtith a good sofa or a bedroom with a real bed that comes down a hidden spot (very easy to use, there is nothing to move in the studio before the bed comes down), a nice kitchen with a bar where you can eat, and a bathroom.   There is a lot of storage  . It is a bright and sunny apartment very pleasant to live. Fully equiped : Wifi internet access, a TV, a DVD/CD player, a Washing machine, a Dishwasher, an Oven/Micro-wave. If you need more information on the apartment do not hesitate to ask me. Albert
22218	Le logement Bel appartement en parfait état (refait en 2014 par architecte) dans immeuble ancien. Il comprend  une chambre pour 2 personnes avec un lit de 1.40*2.00  avec une  armoire dressing de 2.50 de long.  Grand living lumineux en L,   avec salle à manger  ainsi qu'un bureau. La cuisine séparée, entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle et lave-linge, communique par une large baie de 1.40 avec l'espace salle à manger qui offre une table et fauteuils pour 4 à 5 personnes Salle de douche avec WC et lavabo. Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce à un canapé convertible , un téléviseur écran plat. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 140 permettant un couchage facile pour deux personnes adultes.  Les draps et les serviettes sont fournis. L'équipement comprend un sèche-cheveux, un toasteur, une bouilloire électrique, une machine à café, un four, une cuisinière électrique, un réfrigérateur avec freezer et bien entendu toute la vaisselle nécessaire. Il est i	Le logement Bel appartement en très bon état (refait en 2014 par architecte), dans immeuble ancien. Il comprend entrée, douche et WC un beau living en L très  lumineux avec canapé convertible , salle à manger , cuisine, et chambre indépendante. Le logement Bel appartement en parfait état (refait en 2014 par architecte) dans immeuble ancien. Il comprend  une chambre pour 2 personnes avec un lit de 1.40*2.00  avec une  armoire dressing de 2.50 de long.  Grand living lumineux en L,   avec salle à manger  ainsi qu'un bureau. La cuisine séparée, entièrement équipée avec lave-vaisselle et lave-linge, communique par une large baie de 1.40 avec l'espace salle à manger qui offre une table et fauteuils pour 4 à 5 personnes Salle de douche avec WC et lavabo. Le large séjour se prête au repos grâce à un canapé convertible , un téléviseur écran plat. L'appartement est équipé du WIFI. Le canapé se transforme en lit de 140 permettant un couchage facile pour deux personnes adultes.  Les draps et les s
22219	"This is a one bedroom apartment situated in the heart of the Quartier Latin, on the sixth floor (top) floor of a 19th century building with an (small) elevator. In the neighborhood there are all sorts of entertainment and services such as cinemas, fashion store, nice restaurants, and cafes. This quiet apartment (by Parisian standards, of course) faces the rue Gay-Lussac street and has a south exposure, with brings in great natural light. The building's main entrance gate is protected by a security system, a digicode-access hallway and a concierge. The flat's entrance gives access to the living room and kitchenette and the apartment has painted walls, parquet throughout, and crown moldings. The bathroom and the kitchenette are tiled with vintage ""tommettes"". The living room has French doors opening onto a balcony with a table and chairs, and a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. The living room is furnished with a futon, a TV, a sofa that you can use as a bed "	"This is a one bedroom apartment situated in the heart of the Quartier Latin, on the sixth floor (top) floor of a 19th century building with an (small) elevator. In the neighborhood there are all sorts of entertainment and services such as cinemas, fashion store, nice restaurants, and cafes. This quiet apartment (by Parisian standards, of course) faces the rue Gay-Lussac street and has a south exposure, with brings in great natural light. The building's main entrance gate is protected by a security system, a digicode-access hallway and a concierge. The flat's entrance gives access to the living room and kitchenette and the apartment has painted walls, parquet throughout, and crown moldings. The bathroom and the kitchenette are tiled with vintage ""tommettes"". The living room has French doors opening onto a balcony with a table and chairs, and a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower and the Montparnasse Tower. The living room is furnished with a futon, a TV, a sofa that you can use as a bed "
22220	Studio de 30m2 clair, compact et très confortable pour deux personnes. Il se compose de : - Espace de nuit agréable et reposant. Un canapé lit 2 places et un lit 1 place. Draps et couette fournis. Nombreux rangements également. - Salle de bains avec douche, lavabo, machine à laver et WC confortable.  Serviettes de bain fournies. - Cuisine équipée avec frigo, four, plaques chauffantes, micro-ondes, machine à café, vaisselle et accessoires de cuisine fournis. - Coin séjour avec 1 futon idéal pour se reposer. Le studio se trouve au 1° étage de l'immeuble.  Quartier au coeur de Paris et proche de beaucoup d'attractions (Jardin des Plantes (5min à pied), Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Panthéon, Jardin du Luxembourg, rue Mouffetard (1min à pied), Notre Dame (15min à pied) , Grande Mosquée de Paris (10 min à pied), St Michel (20min à pied) ... Vous avez également tout à proximité : boulangerie, boucherie, poissonnerie, Carrefour Market, marchés , brocantes, etc.  Je suis également disponible si 	Studio spacieux, calme et lumineux au coeur du quartier latin. Très agréable, vivant et animé, quartier tout proche du métro, des bus avec de nombreuses rues piétonnes et marchés authentiques parisiens. Studio tout équipé,  idéal pour un couple. Studio de 30m2 clair, compact et très confortable pour deux personnes. Il se compose de : - Espace de nuit agréable et reposant. Un canapé lit 2 places et un lit 1 place. Draps et couette fournis. Nombreux rangements également. - Salle de bains avec douche, lavabo, machine à laver et WC confortable.  Serviettes de bain fournies. - Cuisine équipée avec frigo, four, plaques chauffantes, micro-ondes, machine à café, vaisselle et accessoires de cuisine fournis. - Coin séjour avec 1 futon idéal pour se reposer. Le studio se trouve au 1° étage de l'immeuble.  Quartier au coeur de Paris et proche de beaucoup d'attractions (Jardin des Plantes (5min à pied), Musée d'Histoire Naturelle, Panthéon, Jardin du Luxembourg, rue Mouffetard (1min à pied), Notre 
22221	"*** Apartment*** Located in a quiet street in the very heart of Paris on the steps of Pantheon and the church from the movie ""Midnight in Paris"". Very close to the river Seine and Notre Dame Cathedral. 7min walk to St-Germain quarter and Saint-Michel The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (without lift). It's very quiet. There is a security code at the entrance of the building.  It's fully equipped with a wi-fi but no TV: 1 bedroom with very comfortable double bed, dressing. 1 convertible couch in the living room which makes a double bed (comfortable mattress) Bathroom with a shower. Equipped kitchen with a Nespresso machine and other appliances: washing-drying machine, microwave, cooker with oven. It can accomodate comfortably travellers with a baby/toddler. (There is a bed, changing table, bath, all necessary accessories, toys etc)"	"*** Apartment*** Located in a quiet street in the very heart of Paris on the steps of Pantheon and the church from the movie ""Midnight in Paris"". Very close to the river Seine and Notre Dame Cathedral. 7min walk to St-Germain quarter and Saint-Michel The apartment is located on the 3rd floor (without lift). It's very quiet. There is a security code at the entrance of the building.  It's fully equipped with a wi-fi but no TV: 1 bedroom with very comfortable double bed, dressing. 1 convertible couch in the living room which makes a double bed (comfortable mattress) Bathroom with a shower. Equipped kitchen with a Nespresso machine and other appliances: washing-drying machine, microwave, cooker with oven. It can accomodate comfortably travellers with a baby/toddler. (There is a bed, changing table, bath, all necessary accessories, toys etc) ***Neighborhood and Location*** You’ll be able to access some of the most famous monuments of Paris by a very short walk: Pantheon with a view on Eiffe"
22222		loue chambre dans appartement en plein coeur de paris, proche métro, rer et bus, dans résidence avec ascenseur. accès chambre, salle de bain, wc et cuisine.
22223	Actually there is renovation DIY in The buildings until august  that is why The price is cheapest! You will have to Share Kitchen & bathroom with Dana my colocation until end of May after her room will be on Airbnb too !                                                                                  chambre comme dans un hôtel de Luxe avec son lit 2 mètres par 1m80 ( lit Conran Shop lit une place ou deux places 2 matress) et sa literie en lin blanc pour 2 personnes                                                                               Profitez de deux fauteuils en cuir Le Corbusier/Cassina pour vous reposer après une journée de shopping                                                                                Regarder vos films préférés sur un téléviseur dernier cri 4K Ultra HD fonctionnant pour l'instant avec une clé (website hidden) Chromecast via connexion wifi ( Internet n'étant pas très puissant une nouvelle ligne téléphone & internet est en cours d'ouverture pour avo	Lovely sunny room, being close to Notre Dame, with fireplace, moldings, beautiful hardwood floors, king size double bed, TV ultraHD, wifi, all at the 1st floor of a quiet Haussmann building. Ideal for a honeymoon in Paris in the heart of the Latin Quarter. Charming street, and many goods restaurants. Actually there is renovation DIY in The buildings until august  that is why The price is cheapest! You will have to Share Kitchen & bathroom with Dana my colocation until end of May after her room will be on Airbnb too !                                                                                  chambre comme dans un hôtel de Luxe avec son lit 2 mètres par 1m80 ( lit Conran Shop lit une place ou deux places 2 matress) et sa literie en lin blanc pour 2 personnes                                                                               Profitez de deux fauteuils en cuir Le Corbusier/Cassina pour vous reposer après une journée de shopping                                              
22224	In the style of the Latin Quarter, in a 17th century building, it is typical of a warm French style atmosphere, with tiling and exposed beams, and everything is thought of in order to assure the best possible comfort for our guests. A carefully done decoration, and its facilities, make this apartment a pleasant place to live in, with all your needs attended. Looking over a little courtyard, with a view on the roofs of the neighbourhood, it is quiet and protected from the bustle of the Contrescarpe Place and the Mouffetard Street. News july 2015, air conditionner is available now :) It comprises a main living room, with a Bose HiFi system, compatible with iphone/ipod, with about 2000 music, of different styles, a large television set with French and international channels, high speed Internet access in WiFi, storage space, a large settee, convertible into a double bed. The kitchen is modern and cosy, it provides all the necessary items to cook, induction hotplates, extractor hood, micro	Charming and cosy apartment, located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, on the left side of the Seine river. Composed of 2 rooms, one comfortable bath room, and a modern kitchen, it is situated in the vicinity of many historical monuments. In the style of the Latin Quarter, in a 17th century building, it is typical of a warm French style atmosphere, with tiling and exposed beams, and everything is thought of in order to assure the best possible comfort for our guests. A carefully done decoration, and its facilities, make this apartment a pleasant place to live in, with all your needs attended. Looking over a little courtyard, with a view on the roofs of the neighbourhood, it is quiet and protected from the bustle of the Contrescarpe Place and the Mouffetard Street. News july 2015, air conditionner is available now :) It comprises a main living room, with a Bose HiFi system, compatible with iphone/ipod, with about 2000 music, of different styles, a large television set with French and i
22225	The unique terrace has a pittoresque view over city as far as to Sacre-Coeur. In the warm months you will enjoy the breeze eating outside and looking over the city. 	The apparent is perfectly located between the 6th and 5th arrondissement-directly next to the Pantheon, the Jardin de Luxembourg, Saint Germain and 10 minutes walk to Notre-Dame!The 1room apartment has everything you need including terrace with view! The unique terrace has a pittoresque view over city as far as to Sacre-Coeur. In the warm months you will enjoy the breeze eating outside and looking over the city. 
22226	room  non-smoker in my place,last floor with sunny balcony looking at trh roof and cheminees.New apartment done 3 years ago .Shower and toilets separate.Possibility to use kitchen and put things in the fridge..Bus 21and 27 a t your feet for sightseeing,walking to  rue  Mouffettard,mosquee ,jardins Luxembourg et des plantes.20 minutes to Notre Dame..Bus 91 for Montparnasse and gare de Lyon..Metro Censier le plus pres.Pres du RER Luxembourg for aeroports...and gare du Nord. Station Velib(bicycles) and autolib as well. You have a bakery just across the street,and every thing you want in food rue Mouffetrard.restaurants and bars....I will help you if needed.	On the top,sharing my space,you have your bedroom,your shower and private toilet. Non-smoker. YOu are walking distance to many monuments(Sorbonne,Pantheon,jardin du Luxembourg et Plantes.Notre Dame,Mosquee for mint the).Of course rue MOuffetard... room  non-smoker in my place,last floor with sunny balcony looking at trh roof and cheminees.New apartment done 3 years ago .Shower and toilets separate.Possibility to use kitchen and put things in the fridge..Bus 21and 27 a t your feet for sightseeing,walking to  rue  Mouffettard,mosquee ,jardins Luxembourg et des plantes.20 minutes to Notre Dame..Bus 91 for Montparnasse and gare de Lyon..Metro Censier le plus pres.Pres du RER Luxembourg for aeroports...and gare du Nord. Station Velib(bicycles) and autolib as well. You have a bakery just across the street,and every thing you want in food rue Mouffetrard.restaurants and bars....I will help you if needed. you can use the kitchen,and of course the balcony for your glass of wine or diner I will 
22227	This typically Parisian apartment of three rooms, is ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. A few steps, you can visit the Arenes de Lutece, the Jardin des Plantes, the rue Mouffetard , the Pantheon. Within 10 minutes walk , you can visit Notre Dame de Paris, the Jardin du Luxembourg , the College des Bernardins, the quais de Seine... Located on the 5th floor of a Haussmann building (19th century) , this bright apartment offers a nice view of Paris from the large sunny balcony. The 50 m2 apartment opens into an entrance hall with a dining area that serves rooms of the apartment: a courtyard room with a double bed and a wardrobe ; a bedroom with two single beds, wardrobes, desk, with access to the balcony ; a living room with two convertible sofas, storage units with balcony access. The kitchen in a typical Parisian style is equiped with all the necessary kitchen equipment . The bathroom has a shower and toilet are separated .	This nice and bright three rooms apartment is typical! It can accommodate 6 people and is ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter, close to cafes, streets, and historic sites. Its large sunny balcony, gives a clear view on Paris. This typically Parisian apartment of three rooms, is ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. A few steps, you can visit the Arenes de Lutece, the Jardin des Plantes, the rue Mouffetard , the Pantheon. Within 10 minutes walk , you can visit Notre Dame de Paris, the Jardin du Luxembourg , the College des Bernardins, the quais de Seine... Located on the 5th floor of a Haussmann building (19th century) , this bright apartment offers a nice view of Paris from the large sunny balcony. The 50 m2 apartment opens into an entrance hall with a dining area that serves rooms of the apartment: a courtyard room with a double bed and a wardrobe ; a bedroom with two single beds, wardrobes, desk, with access to the balcony ; a living room with two convertib
22228	The appartment is bright, fully equiped and lightly decorated with art from India. You will sleep in a bright hardwood-flored bedroom with a nice marble mantelpiece, equiped with a double bed.	"You will enjoy a private bedroom, exclusive access to the living room, and shared access to the facilities of this 3-room appartment on the 4th floor of a typical Haussmannian building, close to transports, and 5 walking minutes away from a nice park and the animated ""quartier Mouffetard"". The appartment is bright, fully equiped and lightly decorated with art from India. You will sleep in a bright hardwood-flored bedroom with a nice marble mantelpiece, equiped with a double bed. Apart from the bedroom, you will have access to - the living room with dinner table and chairs, a funky 70's ball chair, and a sofa - the kitchen, fully equiped for your cooking needs and a washing machine. There you can also get a cup of tea or coffee, or enjoy a drink on the little wooden bar. - the bathroom with shower, sink and a laundry machine - the independent restroom You will benefit from the wireless internet and I can lend you a computer if needed. Depending on the date of your stay I might be in the"
22229	Flat ideally located, in an old  building of the 17th century	Chambre 15m2 dans  appartement de charme dans un immeuble de la fin 17eme siècle au centre de Paris , à 50 m du panthéon, a proximité de Notre Dame, jardin du luxembourg(sénat) , saint Michel, quartiers Saint germain des près. Flat ideally located, in an old  building of the 17th century Ideally located 50m from the panthéon, 5 min. walk from Notre Dame de Paris , the Seine, Jardin du Luxembourg ,a magnificent garden to relax, luxembourg and Sénat , 15 min walk from Saint Germain des pros and Jardin des plants and musé d'histoire naturelle... 3 mn. walk from Metro Maubert-Mutualité or RER B Luxembourg, REC SaintMichel-NotreDame to visit easily Historical Paris (Champs Elysées, Montmartre, Musé Orsay, Opéra, Versailles,and so on... )  mail ((email hidden)) and tel (phone number hidden)) Luxembourg garden and Notre dame de Paris
22230	"Description The apartment is located in the well known Quartier latin in Paris (75005), in a very quiet, safe and calm area: it is sunny, right in downtown. Facing South-West ( with view on a peaceful garden). Very close to: Panthéon, Mouffetard (0 km), Notre dame, île Saint-Louis (1 km), river Seine.  Restaurants, ""cafés"", shops, markets,  nearby ; Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets, and I advise you some good places. At this adress lived James Joyce, and Hemingwy in the same street... You are in the heart of Paris ! During the summer holidays ( July the 15th until August the 31st), a stay of 5 nights minimum is requested. The apartment: 35m² (which is not so small according Paris standards...). Furniture design. Parquet. 1 bedroom.  The new Muji sofa bed (grey) has yet arrived ! ). 1 bathroom with bathtub. 1 WC. Small kitchen. Freazer. Micro waves. Télévision (125 channels). High speed internet access, wifi. Free phone for home calls on certains destinations."	"Description The apartment is located in the well known Quartier latin in Paris (75005), in a very quiet, safe and calm area: it is sunny, right in downtown. Facing South-West ( with view on a peaceful garden). Very close to: Panthéon, Mouffetard (0 km), Notre dame, île Saint-Louis (1 km), river Seine.  Restaurants, ""cafés"", shops, markets,  nearby ; Local restaurants and shops cater to all tastes and budgets, and I advise you some good places. At this adress lived James Joyce, and Hemingwy in the same street... You are in the heart of Paris ! During the summer holidays ( July the 15th until August the 31st), a stay of 5 nights minimum is requested. The apartment: 35m² (which is not so small according Paris standards...). Furniture design. Parquet. 1 bedroom.  The new Muji sofa bed (grey) has yet arrived ! ). 1 bathroom with bathtub. 1 WC. Small kitchen. Freazer. Micro waves. Télévision (125 channels). High speed internet access, wifi. Free phone for home calls on certains destinations."
22231	Real estate is about three things, they say : location, location, location... Well, then you can't beat this one ! Right in center of Paris, enjoy your stay on the Saint Louis island.  Both in the geographical and cultural heart of Paris, the studio is only a few meters away from the Seine river and cathedral Notre Dame. Your cosy studio is waiting for you in this pedestrian street, full of shops, charm and authentic feel. Museums (the Louvre and Pompidou center can be reached on foot), bars, clubs and restaurants (both the lively St Michel and the Marais areas are 3 mins walking distance), theaters and cinemas surround the area, and many more treasures can easily be discovered on foot. Although located in an animated neighborhood, your nights will be quiet, as the apartment is at the rear of the building. The apartment itself is more of a student's flat than a royal suite at the Ritz, but according to all my friends, it's cosy and cute as a nest.  Appartment's specifications: - 5th fl	Real estate is about three things, they say : location, location, location... Well, then you can't beat this one ! Right in center of Paris, enjoy your stay on the Saint Louis island. Real estate is about three things, they say : location, location, location... Well, then you can't beat this one ! Right in center of Paris, enjoy your stay on the Saint Louis island.  Both in the geographical and cultural heart of Paris, the studio is only a few meters away from the Seine river and cathedral Notre Dame. Your cosy studio is waiting for you in this pedestrian street, full of shops, charm and authentic feel. Museums (the Louvre and Pompidou center can be reached on foot), bars, clubs and restaurants (both the lively St Michel and the Marais areas are 3 mins walking distance), theaters and cinemas surround the area, and many more treasures can easily be discovered on foot. Although located in an animated neighborhood, your nights will be quiet, as the apartment is at the rear of the building
22232	"You will appreciate the quietness of this 19th-century Haussmann-style building, ideally situated in a real parisian living neighbourhood of the Rive Gauche, at a stone's throw from many sites of touristic and cultural interests. Ideal for a family with children or a 3 generation-family. 4th floor with lift Double living-room 3 bedrooms : 1 king-size bed, 3 single beds.  A leisure and television room with a convertible double-bed sofa if needed. Bed linen, toilet and kitchen towels furnished 2 bathrooms, 2 WC Fully equipped kitchen : oven, micro-wave, dishwasher, washing-machine, Magimix food processor, Nespresso machine ... ""Arrival kit"" : some supplies will wait for you in order to let you have a little snack and get some rest before begining your tourist trekking !  House-cleaning is free. Hi-Fi, Wi-Fi, plasma-screen TV"	"Beautiful, comfortable and quiet family appartement, in the residential area of the Quartier Latin, within walking distance of Notre Dame cathedral, the Cité Island, the Marais, the Sorbonne, the Jardin du Luxembourg. 110m², 3-4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms You will appreciate the quietness of this 19th-century Haussmann-style building, ideally situated in a real parisian living neighbourhood of the Rive Gauche, at a stone's throw from many sites of touristic and cultural interests. Ideal for a family with children or a 3 generation-family. 4th floor with lift Double living-room 3 bedrooms : 1 king-size bed, 3 single beds.  A leisure and television room with a convertible double-bed sofa if needed. Bed linen, toilet and kitchen towels furnished 2 bathrooms, 2 WC Fully equipped kitchen : oven, micro-wave, dishwasher, washing-machine, Magimix food processor, Nespresso machine ... ""Arrival kit"" : some supplies will wait for you in order to let you have a little snack and get some rest before beg"
22233	This bright and comfortable apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, living area with sofa bed, and a well equipped kitchen (fridge-freezer, dishwasher, microwave and oven). Located in the 5th district in the heart of the Latin Quarter, you will be close to all shops, restaurants and cafés in Paris. The apartment is also close to the Jardin des Plantes, the Arenes de Lutece and the Gare d'Austerlitz. The station nearest is Place Monge (line 7)	This bright and comfortable apartment has a bedroom with a double bed, living area with sofa bed, and a well equipped kitchen (fridge-freezer, dishwasher, microwave and oven). Located in the 5th district in the heart of the Latin Quarter, you will be close to all shops, restaurants and cafés in Paris. The apartment is also close to the Jardin des Plantes, the Arenes de Lutece and the Gare d'Austerlitz. The station nearest is Place Monge (line 7)
22234	elcome to the center of Paris, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Metro 7, ideally located close to all amenities.  Beautiful 2 room apartment of 50m2, typically Parisian Haussman charm, very quiet courtyard, 4th floor with lift.  Living room with fireplace / moldings, coffee table, dining table, sofa, TV, desk, bookcase, large bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, bedroom with dressing room and modern kitchen and lounge on entry.  Kitchen: Flurry Rosière (hob, oven and dishwasher), fridge freezer, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster ...  Oak floors points throughout Hungary. Internet (freebox also used as the basis for Iphone and Ipod), telephone, washing machine, dryer, all comfort.  Sheets and towels are provided.  You will find all the shops around the apartment: supermarkets, bakeries, chocolate, coffee, florist, laundry, vending .... Rue Mouffetard and its choice of merchants, cafes and restaurants is only 200m far.  Les Gobelins Metro steps (line 7, dessert Chatelet, Louvre, Opera,	Welcome to the center of Paris, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Metro 7, ideally located close to all amenities.  Beautiful 2 room apartment of 50m2, typically Parisian Haussman charm, very quiet courtyard, 4th floor with lift.   Mobile phone needed elcome to the center of Paris, Notre Dame, Châtelet, Metro 7, ideally located close to all amenities.  Beautiful 2 room apartment of 50m2, typically Parisian Haussman charm, very quiet courtyard, 4th floor with lift.  Living room with fireplace / moldings, coffee table, dining table, sofa, TV, desk, bookcase, large bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, bedroom with dressing room and modern kitchen and lounge on entry.  Kitchen: Flurry Rosière (hob, oven and dishwasher), fridge freezer, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster ...  Oak floors points throughout Hungary. Internet (freebox also used as the basis for Iphone and Ipod), telephone, washing machine, dryer, all comfort.  Sheets and towels are provided.  You will find all the shops around 
22235	In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in the oldest building in Paris ( 1558 ) close to Notre Dame, beautiful duplex with exposed beams . The 80 square meters apartment offers on the first level a large living room of 50 square meters (chimney, kitchen with barbecue, frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher , washing machine). The rooms and bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ) are located upstairs . A room for 2 persons is available for rent . This charming duplex with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not overlooked , with views of the Place Maubert . It is also very functional, since a subway station (Line 10) , bus (63), cab station, and self-service bicycle ( Velib ) , are on the site. For those who prefer to stroll, a walk on foot will take you a few minutes in all the most visited places in Paris ( Notre Dame : 2 minutes F	    This unique duplex can host three persons in a private room. Located in the center of Paris, a few minutes walk from Notre Dame, opposite the Ile Saint Louis! Enjoy its volumes, its brightness and its proximity to public transports.                In the heart of the Latin Quarter , in the oldest building in Paris ( 1558 ) close to Notre Dame, beautiful duplex with exposed beams . The 80 square meters apartment offers on the first level a large living room of 50 square meters (chimney, kitchen with barbecue, frigo, freezer, oven, dishwasher , washing machine). The rooms and bathroom ( equipped with a bathtub and shower ) are located upstairs . A room for 2 persons is available for rent . This charming duplex with lots of character, is ideal for anyone wishing to discover Paris and experience the life of a Parisian. The apartment benefits from an exceptional exhibition : Through east-west , very bright, not overlooked , with views of the Place Maubert . It is also very functional, s
22236	   We offer you an apartment for 4 people which has the best location in Paris - 5th district , close to the Latin Quarter , Notre - Dame de Paris , the Louvre , the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens . Our apartment located in a building with a classic Parisian architecture on the 5th floor with a lift.    The hall has a large plasma TV with theater system and stereo. Two sofas for comfortable viewing television or movies. One sofa converts into a double bed with orthopedic mattress. The dining table and work area. Also has a lovely balcony.The bedroom has a comfortable double bed, a stereo, shelves for your clothes and a large wardrobe. Room windows open onto a charming patio, decorated with flowers and sculptures.    The bathroom has a bathtub with shower - so you can cheer up in the morning and relax in the evening after a long day.    The kitchen is equipped with everything you need: oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, kettle and coffee machine, fridge and freezer, and everythi	   We offer you an apartment for 4 people which has the best location in Paris - 5th district , close to the Latin Quarter , Notre - Dame de Paris , the Louvre , the Sorbonne and the Luxembourg Gardens . Our apartment located in a building with a classic Parisian architecture on the 5th floor with a lift.    The hall has a large plasma TV with theater system and stereo. Two sofas for comfortable viewing television or movies. One sofa converts into a double bed with orthopedic mattress. The dining table and work area. Also has a lovely balcony.The bedroom has a comfortable double bed, a stereo, shelves for your clothes and a large wardrobe. Room windows open onto a charming patio, decorated with flowers and sculptures.    The bathroom has a bathtub with shower - so you can cheer up in the morning and relax in the evening after a long day.    The kitchen is equipped with everything you need: oven, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, kettle and coffee machine, fridge and freezer, and everythi
22237	Enjoy your stay in a charming 17th century building in the Latin Quarter. Located on a small quiet street between 5th and 13 arrondissement, 100 m from the Metro Gobelins with direct metro line nr 7 to Louvre, Opera, Galerie Lafayette, Marais, .... . 15-20 minutes walk to Notre Dame and Jardin du Luxembourg. Direct busses to St-Michel and St Germain.  Many lovely restaurants, bars, shops around the corner. Daily local markets on Place St Medard and rue Mouffetard and Place St Medard in 5 min walk.  Just renovated arty apartment (see pictures): a duplex, suitable for 1-3 people, approximately 45 sq. meters. Upper floor (on the street level, easy access with suitcase): living room (including 1.20 m sofa-bed), modern bathroom, fully equipped kitchen including Nespresso machine.  Ground floor: a charming bedroom with an exceptional 17th Century stone mural.  Apartment is fully furnished. Wifi, free calls to landlines in major destinations, TV, DVD, bluetooth player, washing machine, iron a	Enjoy your stay in a charming 17th century building in the Latin Quarter. Located on a small quiet street between 5th and 13 arrondissement, 100 m from the Metro Gobelins with direct metro line nr 7 to Louvre, Opera, Galerie Lafayette, Marais, .... . 15-20 minutes walk to Notre Dame and Jardin du Luxembourg. Direct busses to St-Michel and St Germain.  Many lovely restaurants, bars, shops around the corner. Daily local markets on Place St Medard and rue Mouffetard and Place St Medard in 5 min walk.  Just renovated arty apartment (see pictures): a duplex, suitable for 1-3 people, approximately 45 sq. meters. Upper floor (on the street level, easy access with suitcase): living room (including 1.20 m sofa-bed), modern bathroom, fully equipped kitchen including Nespresso machine.  Ground floor: a charming bedroom with an exceptional 17th Century stone mural.  Apartment is fully furnished. Wifi, free calls to landlines in major destinations, TV, DVD, bluetooth player, washing machine, iron a
22238	This spacious (592 square feet), 5th-floor apartment is located in the heart of the romantic and historic Latin Quarter. Experience the cozy, lived-in feel of an authentic Parisian family residence. Stroll past an open-air market that dates from the Middle Ages to people watch in one of the numerous French cafés or enjoy a drink in one of the lively neighborhood bars that line the streets nearby.  Suggested check-in is anytime after 2pm, and check-out is at noon, although these times are flexible, as long as there aren't other guests on either side of your stay. One double bed in the parents' room along with one infant crib (changing area in bathroom), one full-size cot and one child's bed (160cm/5.25ft) in the children's room and a pull-out couch (double bed) in the living room. Fully-equipped kitchen. Washer, dryer, (website hidden)'s, DVD's and WiFi.	Spacious, authentic family apartment in the heart of Paris's historic Latin Quarter (near rue Mouffetard - open air market/cafés). Comfortably accomodates 3 adults and 1 child. Near: the Pantheon, the Jardin de Luxembourg and the Jardin des Plantes. This spacious (592 square feet), 5th-floor apartment is located in the heart of the romantic and historic Latin Quarter. Experience the cozy, lived-in feel of an authentic Parisian family residence. Stroll past an open-air market that dates from the Middle Ages to people watch in one of the numerous French cafés or enjoy a drink in one of the lively neighborhood bars that line the streets nearby.  Suggested check-in is anytime after 2pm, and check-out is at noon, although these times are flexible, as long as there aren't other guests on either side of your stay. One double bed in the parents' room along with one infant crib (changing area in bathroom), one full-size cot and one child's bed (160cm/5.25ft) in the children's room and a pull-ou
22239	 little flat in the heart of Paris, fully équiped And clean With câble tv, little desk, dishwasher, free High speed internet and wifi, washer . Telephone to call 100 countries on fixed lines for free ( including the US, Canada, UK, most countries in Europe; calling mobile numbers only free for the US and Canada  Dryer in the laundromat  just below the flat in the street. Fully équiped kitchen With a fridge and, Oven, and céramique glas cooktop.Private bathroom,Convertible sofa bed 1th floor.  Small flat (160 sqf)  but quiet.. The flat is  very close to the famous rue Mouffetard, an old  typically street where Many shops and restaurant are located. The flat is  close to the jardin du Luxembourg and the Panthéon ( 10 min walk) 10 minutes By bus to Châtelet and Notre Dame. The subway station Censier Daubenton Line 7 is located close to the flat.  Bus ( 47 station Censier Daubenton ) Bus ( 27 station Claude Bernard) Bicycle to rent nearby	Rive gauche quartier latin in the heart of Paris  little flat in the heart of Paris, fully équiped And clean With câble tv, little desk, dishwasher, free High speed internet and wifi, washer . Telephone to call 100 countries on fixed lines for free ( including the US, Canada, UK, most countries in Europe; calling mobile numbers only free for the US and Canada  Dryer in the laundromat  just below the flat in the street. Fully équiped kitchen With a fridge and, Oven, and céramique glas cooktop.Private bathroom,Convertible sofa bed 1th floor.  Small flat (160 sqf)  but quiet.. The flat is  very close to the famous rue Mouffetard, an old  typically street where Many shops and restaurant are located. The flat is  close to the jardin du Luxembourg and the Panthéon ( 10 min walk) 10 minutes By bus to Châtelet and Notre Dame. The subway station Censier Daubenton Line 7 is located close to the flat.  Bus ( 47 station Censier Daubenton ) Bus ( 27 station Claude Bernard) Bicycle to rent nearby A 
22240	We offer a large and beautiful typical Parisian apartment 100m² in the center of Paris. It is at the fifth and last floor with a lift. We have four bedrooms, two with a bunk beds, one with a king size bed and an other one with a sofa-bed.  The bathroom is large with a bath, a washing machin and a dryer. There is one living room with a fireplace and with a sofa-bed where 2 people can sleep. The whole flat is made of wooden floor. It has a balcony on which you a have a wonderful view on the College de France and the roofs of Paris. We have an on-site concierge. This is a very central position in the heart of the Quartier Latin next to the station St Michel, Cluny, Odeon. The park of the Luxembourg with the Senat is only 5min walk, and so is Notre Dame, and the Pantheon!	This is a 4 bedrooms apartment, very central, direct access with the RER from the airports, and steps away from all public transports. 5th floor with an astonished view on the roofs of Paris.    We offer a large and beautiful typical Parisian apartment 100m² in the center of Paris. It is at the fifth and last floor with a lift. We have four bedrooms, two with a bunk beds, one with a king size bed and an other one with a sofa-bed.  The bathroom is large with a bath, a washing machin and a dryer. There is one living room with a fireplace and with a sofa-bed where 2 people can sleep. The whole flat is made of wooden floor. It has a balcony on which you a have a wonderful view on the College de France and the roofs of Paris. We have an on-site concierge. This is a very central position in the heart of the Quartier Latin next to the station St Michel, Cluny, Odeon. The park of the Luxembourg with the Senat is only 5min walk, and so is Notre Dame, and the Pantheon! There is free access to wi
22241	Our apartment is on the 1st (American 2nd) floor in a Haussmannian building in the popular Latin Quarter / rue Mouffetard area of Paris. My family has lived in it for some years, but the kids have moved out and we have decided to spend our summer in the South of France. The apartment has very fast fiber internet, a desk, and 2nd monitor available for those who are stuck working during their vacation. The fiber internet connection is most useful to share and backup the massive number of photos one takes while in Paris. The master bedroom has a top of the line Simmons mattress and a Habitat bedroom set with plenty of room for a long stay. The second bedroom has a super single size Tempur Pedic mattress and a comfortable futon. The living room features a Roche Bobois sofa, fireplace, and table for six. The kitchen is fully stocked with cookware, plates, glasses, stemware, and  common utensils used to prepare meals. We live there. A Culligan water filtration system is installed in the kitc	Enjoy our beautiful apartment while we work in the South of France this summer. This centrally-located apartment is a great base for your memorable vacation. It is 65 m2 with a queen bed, single bed, futon, and fully equipped everything. Our apartment is on the 1st (American 2nd) floor in a Haussmannian building in the popular Latin Quarter / rue Mouffetard area of Paris. My family has lived in it for some years, but the kids have moved out and we have decided to spend our summer in the South of France. The apartment has very fast fiber internet, a desk, and 2nd monitor available for those who are stuck working during their vacation. The fiber internet connection is most useful to share and backup the massive number of photos one takes while in Paris. The master bedroom has a top of the line Simmons mattress and a Habitat bedroom set with plenty of room for a long stay. The second bedroom has a super single size Tempur Pedic mattress and a comfortable futon. The living room features a 
22242	Appartement de charme entièrement meublé, situé dans un vieil immeuble parisien, entièrement refait à neuf dans le 5è arrondissement de Paris. 1er étage. Deux pièces, 40 mètres carrés. Sol parquet de chêne. Cheminées d'époques dans le salon et la chambre. Couchage : deux lit double, l'un dans une chambre, l'autre dans le salon, canapé convertible et lit BZ, taille king size, 160X 200 Toutes commodités : machine à laver, sèche-linge, four, lave vaisselle, plaque induction, micro-onde, télévision intégré dans une bibliothèque sur mesure et cachée. Appartement lumineux et silencieux. Séjour agréable garanti !  Salle de bain et toilette refaits à neuf également.  Quartier : en plein coeur du quartier latin, juste à côté de la rue mouffetard, du célèbre jardin des plantes, de la seine et du panthéon.  Venez découvrir Paris le jour et Paris la nuit !	Appartement de charme entièrement meublé, situé dans un vieil immeuble parisien, entièrement refait à neuf dans le 5è arrondissement de Paris. 1er étage. Deux pièces, 40 mètres carrés. Sol parquet de chêne. Cheminées d'époques dans le salon et la chambre. Couchage : deux lit double, l'un dans une chambre, l'autre dans le salon, canapé convertible et lit BZ, taille king size, 160X 200 Toutes commodités : machine à laver, sèche-linge, four, lave vaisselle, plaque induction, micro-onde, télévision intégré dans une bibliothèque sur mesure et cachée. Appartement lumineux et silencieux. Séjour agréable garanti !  Salle de bain et toilette refaits à neuf également.  Quartier : en plein coeur du quartier latin, juste à côté de la rue mouffetard, du célèbre jardin des plantes, de la seine et du panthéon.  Venez découvrir Paris le jour et Paris la nuit ! Lave linge/sèche linge, télévision, chaîne hifi professionnelles, bibliothèque, lave vaisselle, four, micro-onde, plaque à induction. Deux lits
22243		"studio situé  à 2 minutes de marche du métro ""Place Monge"", proche du Jardin du Luxembourg, le Panthéon, rue Mouffetard, Jardin des Plantes et Muséum Histoires Nat.   Équipé d'une salle de bain et kitchenette. Restaurants et commerces à proximité."
22244	Séjourner à Mouffetard, au moins une fois dans sa vie ! Un quartier vivant, un appartement calme ! Un quartier plein d'histoire et unique qui sait répondre à vos attentes de quartier parisien !	Votre séjour dans un lieu unique et mythique plein coeur de la rue Mouffetard. Situé dans une partie isolée au calme de la rue, l'appartement vous offre tout l'espace et le confort pour votre séjour à Paris à proximité de toutes les commodités. Séjourner à Mouffetard, au moins une fois dans sa vie ! Un quartier vivant, un appartement calme ! Un quartier plein d'histoire et unique qui sait répondre à vos attentes de quartier parisien ! L'appartement est disponible intégralement pour vous ! Un conseil, un guide, des tuyaux, je vous donnerai toutes les informations que vous souhaitez (dans la limite de mes capacités) !
22245	A bright and very quiet apartment, very close to the Pantheon and rue Mouffetard in the 5th Arrondissement of Paris - Rive Gauche. A taste of true Parisian life, far from the touristic and noisy part of the Latin Quarter but with Metro and Bus connections to reach all Paris central areas in 10-20minutes or by foot. The apartment is a comfortable and large 60mq, well equipped and silent, in a calm side street and hosts 2 persons in a true queen bed Double glaze windows everywhere and the sleeping room facing an internal cosy quiet yard. The double living room with two sofa and a dining table with 6 chairs, a very well equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a big shower, and a bedroom with a window facing the back yard. The apartment is located in an old typical parisian building with security code access and elevator. Wireless Connection is available It is fully equipped with dishwasher, washer, dryer, hair dryer. The kitchen has an induction cooking, an oven, a microwave oven, a fridge with	Very spacious, bright and quiet apartment central in Paris of 60m2, with a double living room and a big bedroom. Fully equipped, Internet/Wifi, basics for cooking. Close to Pantheon, rue Mouffetard, Jardins Luxembourg. A bright and very quiet apartment, very close to the Pantheon and rue Mouffetard in the 5th Arrondissement of Paris - Rive Gauche. A taste of true Parisian life, far from the touristic and noisy part of the Latin Quarter but with Metro and Bus connections to reach all Paris central areas in 10-20minutes or by foot. The apartment is a comfortable and large 60mq, well equipped and silent, in a calm side street and hosts 2 persons in a true queen bed Double glaze windows everywhere and the sleeping room facing an internal cosy quiet yard. The double living room with two sofa and a dining table with 6 chairs, a very well equipped kitchen, a bathroom with a big shower, and a bedroom with a window facing the back yard. The apartment is located in an old typical parisian buildi
22246		This modern townhouse (1375 square feet) of two floors is in the heart of Paris Latin Quarter ideally located between the Pantheon monument and the famous Rue Mouffetard market. 
22247	Description de l'appartement : Agréable et charmant studio situé en plein coeur du quartier latin, à 300 mètres de la Seine, dans un immeuble ancien, avec poutres et pierres apparentes entièrement restauré, calme, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. On accède à l'appartement par une charmante cour intérieure fleurie. Il y a un digicode au portail de l'entrée ainsi qu'à la porte de l'immeuble.  Dès que vous passez la porte du studio, vous apprécierez la luminosité, l'ambiance cosy ainsi que la décoration soignée et contemporaine Le studio est entièrement rénové La kitchenette est d'équipée en plus de tous les ustensiles basiques de cuisine, d'une plaque de cuisson, four, grille pain, cafetière, frigo ainsi que d'un lave linge. La salle d'eau se compose d'un lavabo, douche et WC. Le living comprend un très confortable canapé lit de 160cm de grande qualité, une table, meuble de rangement, TV écran plat, téléphone, Internet et wifi illimitée. Draps et serviettes inclus. Seche cheveux  et fer à r	Agréable et charmant studio situé en plein coeur du quartier latin, à 300 mètres de la Seine, dans un immeuble ancien, avec poutres et pierres apparentes entièrement restauré, calme, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. Description de l'appartement : Agréable et charmant studio situé en plein coeur du quartier latin, à 300 mètres de la Seine, dans un immeuble ancien, avec poutres et pierres apparentes entièrement restauré, calme, au 3ème étage avec ascenseur. On accède à l'appartement par une charmante cour intérieure fleurie. Il y a un digicode au portail de l'entrée ainsi qu'à la porte de l'immeuble.  Dès que vous passez la porte du studio, vous apprécierez la luminosité, l'ambiance cosy ainsi que la décoration soignée et contemporaine Le studio est entièrement rénové La kitchenette est d'équipée en plus de tous les ustensiles basiques de cuisine, d'une plaque de cuisson, four, grille pain, cafetière, frigo ainsi que d'un lave linge. La salle d'eau se compose d'un lavabo, douche et WC. Le l
22248	The apartment For LEFT BANK lovers, in a safe & quiet part of QUARTIER LATIN -touristic & students’ area The flat is on the 2th floor (3th american, not the last one, there is 1 more) without lift in a ancient building  with electronic entry-code. Very BRIGHT & SUNNY, it benefits from a large OPEN VIEW over the famous Mouffetard street market. Recently refurbished (regularly painted with eco-friendly painting, new sofas), plain yet cosy decoration, large french windows, the apartment guarantees you a pleasant & comfortable stay. LAYOUT :  - a living room with coffee table, double convertible sofa , dining table for 4/6 persons, 6 chairs, a double desk, - with a fully equipped small kitchen :  fridge, modern hob, convection/microwave oven, dishwasher, electric kettle, Italian coffee makers, cook & tableware (glasses, cuttlery) for 12 - an equipped bathroom with shower & toilet-bidet, washer/drier, - a other toilet with a small shower, - three bedroom with chest of drawers with mirrors &	Like being in a film!  Our apartment in an old Parisian building has three bedrooms. It fits comfortably for 4-6 people. All windows open onto the rue Mouffetard market, it's a permanent show. Ideally situated for the Metro. Enjoy your french life ! The apartment For LEFT BANK lovers, in a safe & quiet part of QUARTIER LATIN -touristic & students’ area The flat is on the 2th floor (3th american, not the last one, there is 1 more) without lift in a ancient building  with electronic entry-code. Very BRIGHT & SUNNY, it benefits from a large OPEN VIEW over the famous Mouffetard street market. Recently refurbished (regularly painted with eco-friendly painting, new sofas), plain yet cosy decoration, large french windows, the apartment guarantees you a pleasant & comfortable stay. LAYOUT :  - a living room with coffee table, double convertible sofa , dining table for 4/6 persons, 6 chairs, a double desk, - with a fully equipped small kitchen :  fridge, modern hob, convection/microwave oven, d
22249	Cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, four, grille-pain, machine Nespresso, etc.).  Vaste pièce à vivre très lumineuse et très agréable à vivre. Lit et draps fournis. Dressing et espaces de rangement spacieux.  Salle de bain.  Wifi. /  Kitchen fully equipped (baking tray, microwave, oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, etc.) Vast living room very luminous and very pleasant for enjoying life Bed with sheets furnished Dressing & vast storage areas Vast bathroom Wifi	Cuisine entièrement équipée (plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, four, grille-pain, machine Nespresso, etc.).  Vaste pièce à vivre très lumineuse et très agréable à vivre. Lit et draps fournis. Dressing et espaces de rangement spacieux.  Salle de bain.  Wifi. /  Kitchen fully equipped (baking tray, microwave, oven, toaster, Nespresso coffee machine, etc.) Vast living room very luminous and very pleasant for enjoying life Bed with sheets furnished Dressing & vast storage areas Vast bathroom Wifi En plein coeur du Quartier latin, vous avez accès à pied à l'ensemble  Possibilité d'indiquer bonnes adresses et bons plans dans le quartier & sur Paris. / Available to recommend good addresses & good plans in the Quartier latin & the whole Paris En plein coeur du Quartier latin, quartier étudiant vivant et très agréable à vivre, vous pourrez également profiter à pied de nombre de destinations phares du tourisme (Sorbonne, Panthéon, île Saint-Louis...) & lieux de détente (le parc du Luxembourg à de
22250	Aunque el barrio es muy dinámico, el apartamento es tranquilo y pacífico. Los huéspedes tendrán acceso a todos los servicios incluidos en la casa, incluyendo: -Wifi - Cocina totalmente equipada - Televisión - Se proporcionará sábanas y toallas limpias. Mi hija va a estar ahí para entregarte las llaves. Ella seguirá siendo accesible por teléfono y correo electrónico para la duración de su estancia.	Charming studio in the Quartier Latin, central Paris. Perfect for couples or friends who want to explore the French capital. Close to subway, restaurants, coffees, supermarkets and bars. 2 blocks away from the famous Mouffetard market Guests will have access to all the amenities included in the house including:  -Wifi -Fully equipped kitchen  -Television  -Clean sheets and towels will be provided. My daughter will be there to hand you your keys. She will remain reachable by phone and email for the duration of your stay.
22251	Ce charmant studio ensoleillé et spacieux de 28m²  , est situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur d’un immeuble du 17ème siècle en plein cœur de la rue Mouffetard. Ici, vous vivrez au coeur de paris, dans une atmosphère conviviale de village.  L'appartement, dont l'aménagement a été optimisé dans un style vintage, rétro-chic, sera un pied à terre parfait pour un séjour prolongé à Paris. Les deux canapés lits intègrent de vrais matelas et sont conçus pour un usage quotidien. La cuisine bénéficie de tous les équipements nécessaires : four à micro-ondes, plaques chauffantes, hotte, réfrigérateur, cafetière, grille-pain, bouilloire et presse-agrumes. Tout est donc prévu pour que vous viviez confortablement tout en ayant la possibilité de recevoir des amis ou votre famille. L'appartement dispose également d'un lave linge séchant.  Vous apprécierez le confort de sa salle de bain avec sa large douche à l’italienne, son double lavabo et son grand radiateur sèche serviettes .  Les Wc sont séparés ave	Pour les locations au mois, le nombre maximum d'occupants accepté est de 2 personnes. For monthly rentals, please note the following: 1/maximum number of renters in the flat is 2 . 2/ electricity, gaz, telephone and VOD are not included in the rent 3/a damage deposit of 1 month rental is payable on the arrival as per the french law
22252		3 Bedrooms, 2 Baths, (Sleeps 4-5) One week minimum.Located, on top of a 19th century printshop in the very heart of old Paris near the Sorbonne University, Mouffetard street market and the Pantheon, inside a discreet and gated cobbled stone yard.
22253	" NB: pour voir la description en français, dérouler ce menu jusque la fin.   Our charming apartment is a family residence (2 rooms and terrace,40 m2, 5th floor , lift). We rent it when we are in our other residence. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the historic Paris, it shows a side view of the Seine (Tournelle bridge) and on the rooftops of Paris, and allows you to live fully the life of the capital without bothering noise or the crowd. Furnished and decorated with a special elegance, it welcomes you with all the presence of a ""soul"". Before your walks in Paris, you will enjoy to take your breakfast on the small flowered courtyard terrace or relax here when you return. NB:  1/the price includes final cleaning   2 / the apartment is non-smoking  3/The rent is strictly limited to two people and no additional occupant is allowed  4/an inventory will be made on arrival and departure  5/the pictures are not contractual   EQUIPMENT: microwave, refrigerator, vacuum cleaner, TV ("	"Charming, quiet and cosy nest in the historical heart of Paris.  NB: pour voir la description en français, dérouler ce menu jusque la fin.   Our charming apartment is a family residence (2 rooms and terrace,40 m2, 5th floor , lift). We rent it when we are in our other residence. Located in the heart of the Latin Quarter in the historic Paris, it shows a side view of the Seine (Tournelle bridge) and on the rooftops of Paris, and allows you to live fully the life of the capital without bothering noise or the crowd. Furnished and decorated with a special elegance, it welcomes you with all the presence of a ""soul"". Before your walks in Paris, you will enjoy to take your breakfast on the small flowered courtyard terrace or relax here when you return. NB:  1/the price includes final cleaning   2 / the apartment is non-smoking  3/The rent is strictly limited to two people and no additional occupant is allowed  4/an inventory will be made on arrival and departure  5/the pictures are not contra"
22254	Au coeur du quartier latin, proximité immédiate des lieux touristiques, du métro et des commerces, vous apprécierez ce coquet appartement 30 m2 situé à l'angle de la rue de la Montagne Sainte Geneviève et la Rue des Ecoles, à 2 min à pied  de Notre Dame, du Panthéon, de la Sorbonne, du quartier St Germain, de l'île de la cité... dans immeuble  d'époque, équipé d'un  ascenseur. Il est composé de 2 pièces avec balcon filant (vue sur clocher notre dame) avec  pièce principale  équipée d'une kitchenette et d'un canapé-lit, une chambre séparée avec lit 2 personnes, une salle de bain séparée avec douche à l'italienne et wc, entrée avec placard. Vue superbe sur quartier  et clocher Notre Dame. Literie de bon confort. Descriptif:  - Ascenceur - Plafond haut - Canapé lit pratique et confortable lit 140 - 1 chambre séparée  (porte) avec lit 140, armoire coulissante (cintres, étagère, tiroirs..) - Cuisine équipée avec Frigo, plaque vitro céramique, évier, micro onde, placard, matériel pour cuisin	Coquet 2 pièces 30 m2 en plein coeur du quartier latin avec balcon vue sur Notre Dame. Proche toute commodités. Idéal pour découvrir les monuments historiques et profiter de la vie Parisienne. Idéal pour 2 adultes ou couple avec enfant. Au coeur du quartier latin, proximité immédiate des lieux touristiques, du métro et des commerces, vous apprécierez ce coquet appartement 30 m2 situé à l'angle de la rue de la Montagne Sainte Geneviève et la Rue des Ecoles, à 2 min à pied  de Notre Dame, du Panthéon, de la Sorbonne, du quartier St Germain, de l'île de la cité... dans immeuble  d'époque, équipé d'un  ascenseur. Il est composé de 2 pièces avec balcon filant (vue sur clocher notre dame) avec  pièce principale  équipée d'une kitchenette et d'un canapé-lit, une chambre séparée avec lit 2 personnes, une salle de bain séparée avec douche à l'italienne et wc, entrée avec placard. Vue superbe sur quartier  et clocher Notre Dame. Literie de bon confort. Descriptif:  - Ascenceur - Plafond haut - C
22255	This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. The flat is warm and calm. All shops are also at the foot of the building: bakers, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés.	BEDDING : - bedroom: 1x bed for 2 persons (sized 140x200cm) - living room: 1 pull-out sofa 2 persons (sized 140x200cm) - 1 baby bed. This apartment is ideally located in the heart of the Latin Quarter. The flat is warm and calm. All shops are also at the foot of the building: bakers, supermarkets, restaurants and cafés. All means of transport are directly at the bottom of the building: - metro station : Cardinal Lemoine, - two bus lines stops. There are two fans in the apartment (no AC). Wi-Fi : Name : Numericable-0274 Password : c7d797397b71f0ecfc9e16ddb4 Additional details that can be good to know : 1) The apartment is at floor #3. There is an elevator in the building. Though, there are a few stairs before reaching the elevator (approximately 12 steps). If you use the elevator, press floor number 2 in the elevator, because it will lead you only 4 stair steps to floor 3. 2) In order to access the bathroom, it is needed to enter in the bedroom.
22256	On the top of  Montagne Sainte Geneviève in the heart of famous quartier Latin, just a few minutes walk from the french Panthéon, Seine river, Notre-Dame, le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg, La sorbonne … in a very quiet street which was house to René Descartes and some other famous french or foreign writers as Hemingway before hosting you. You are in the true historical center of Paris, Arenes de Lutece  and the Termes, walking to the Pantheon in five minutes to Notre Dame and the Seine in 10 minutes	On the top of  Montagne Sainte Geneviève in the heart of famous quartier Latin, just a few minutes walk from the french Panthéon, Seine river, Notre-Dame, le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg, La sorbonne … On the top of  Montagne Sainte Geneviève in the heart of famous quartier Latin, just a few minutes walk from the french Panthéon, Seine river, Notre-Dame, le Jardin des Plantes, le Jardin du Luxembourg, La sorbonne … in a very quiet street which was house to René Descartes and some other famous french or foreign writers as Hemingway before hosting you. You are in the true historical center of Paris, Arenes de Lutece  and the Termes, walking to the Pantheon in five minutes to Notre Dame and the Seine in 10 minutes You will have access to the whole place,  the books and the CD in the library are available for your stay, kitchen is well equipped with Nespresso café machine, Microwave, Owen ... One double person bed in the room and one person extra sofa bed can be set in the l
22257	Unique view on gardens from 4th floor (US:5th) with elevator.	This chic, quiet 375 sq ft apartment in the 5th is soooo Parisian and lies just opposite the Monge metro line in the heart of Paris' 5th district. All the sights at your doorstep! You'll love it. Unique view on gardens from 4th floor (US:5th) with elevator. 375 sq ft (35 sq m) apartment: . One large bedroom with double bed ( 55 in × 75 in 140 cm × 190 cm), lounge with convertible, open kitchen with oven, dishwasher, fridge.  Shower room and toilet. All windows on street and garden side The price includes all : wifi, cable television, central heating, towels, sheets. We also provide everything you need to start : coffee, tea, sugar, oil, vinegar, salt, pepper, soap, shampoo, detergent, tablets  and a bottle of wine to welcome you. The Latin Quarter is known for its restaurants and cafés. There are also great shops for food, wine, cheese, organic,3 markets on Place Monge, Place Maubert and rue Mouffetard. This is an ideal location to discover the Paris you've always dreamed of. The real 
22258	The apartment For LEFT BANK lovers, in a safe & quiet part of QUARTIER LATIN  - touristic & students’ area the flat is on the 1 floor (2de american), there are 3 in the building. Without lift in a ancient building  with electronic entry-code. It benefits from a large OPEN VIEW over the famous Mouffetard street market. Recently refurbished (freshly painted, new sofas), plain yet cosy decoration, large french window, the apartment guarantees you a pleasant & comfortable stay. LAYOUT :  - a living room with coffee table,  - a sofa - dining table, 5 chairs, - a bedroom - with a fully equipped small kitchen :  fridge, modern hob, convection/microwave oven, dishwasher, electric kettle, Italian and american coffee makers, cook & tableware (glasses, cuttlery) for 5 - an equipped bathroom with shower, - a toilet with a little washbasin, BEDDING:  The flat can sleep up to 5 persons as follows : - a double bed in the bedroom (1m40 wide)  - a double wood-slatted bed convertible to sofa (truckle be	Like being in a film! Our apartment in an old Parisian building has two rooms. It fits comfortably for 3-5 people. Window open onto the rue Mouffetard market, it's a permanent show. Ideally situated for the Metro. Enjoy your french life ! The apartment For LEFT BANK lovers, in a safe & quiet part of QUARTIER LATIN  - touristic & students’ area the flat is on the 1 floor (2de american), there are 3 in the building. Without lift in a ancient building  with electronic entry-code. It benefits from a large OPEN VIEW over the famous Mouffetard street market. Recently refurbished (freshly painted, new sofas), plain yet cosy decoration, large french window, the apartment guarantees you a pleasant & comfortable stay. LAYOUT :  - a living room with coffee table,  - a sofa - dining table, 5 chairs, - a bedroom - with a fully equipped small kitchen :  fridge, modern hob, convection/microwave oven, dishwasher, electric kettle, Italian and american coffee makers, cook & tableware (glasses, cuttlery)
22259	A rare location in Paris for this quiet and functional apartment of 50 m2 renovated in 2014. As the couch in the living room is a foldout bed - it fits for 2 or 4 guests. 	Do you need to reside in Paris for a few weeks or a few months? Check for our vacancies: we will be happy to welcome you in a residential furnished apartment at the edge of the Jardin des Plantes, close to Rue Mouffetard and Quartier Latin.    A rare location in Paris for this quiet and functional apartment of 50 m2 renovated in 2014. As the couch in the living room is a foldout bed - it fits for 2 or 4 guests. After you'll receive the keys from your host, you'll be on your own in a quiet and confortable residence.  Any question?  Contact me using AirBnB message box — I should be notified on my mobile. Furnished home apartment in secure gated community  at the edge of the Jardin des Plantes, close to Rue Mouffetard and Quartier Latin. Well connected by bus, metro, RER, the Velib bikes, or for walks in Paris left bank, from Gare d'Austerlitz to Gare d'Orsay. This is not an hotel with room service but a private apartment  to reside in Paris for a few weeks or a few months on your own. Th
22260	Passer la porte donnant sur la tumultueuse rue Mouffetard, un appartement de 2 pièces lumineux et silencieux  vous attend. Refait à neuf dans un style très épuré. Il dispose pour le couchage d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un canapé lit double également dans le salon.	Appartement situé dans la partie piétonne de la rue Mouffetard. Rue vivante et animée de la rive gauche de Paris. Célèbre pour son marché et son coté pittoresque. Il est à quelques minutes à pied du Panthéon, du jardin des plantes  et de la Sorbonne. Passer la porte donnant sur la tumultueuse rue Mouffetard, un appartement de 2 pièces lumineux et silencieux  vous attend. Refait à neuf dans un style très épuré. Il dispose pour le couchage d'une chambre avec lit double et d'un canapé lit double également dans le salon. La totalité de l'appartement est accessible. Le quartier Mouffetard est très agréable pour de nombreux aspects notamment l'esprit village qui y règne, son marché presque quotidien, son histoire remontant au 1er siècle et son incroyable vie. ~RER B arrêt Luxembourg, direct depuis l'aéroport Charles de Gaule, ~Ligne 7 du métro arrêt Place Monge ou Censier-Daubenton, ~Bus 47 arrêt Monge ou Censier-Daubenton.
22261	9 m2 one room apartment near the Rue Mouffetard, the Place de la Contrescarpe, the Pantheon and the Jardin des Plantes.  Shower and toilet inside. 1st floor (european norm , not ground floor, view on the rue Lacépède)  Metro: Place Monge, line 7= 2 min walk. From this station, you can go to the Louvre in less than 9 mins and in 5 mins in the trendy Marais. Velib station at the foot of the building.  2 mins more walk, you can also take line 10 : Cardinal Lemoine station, which takes you through much of Paris from east to west.  The studio has a sofa bed (width 120), a kitchenette with fridge, electric hob, microwave, kettle . Plus dishes.  There is television, wi-fi internet, fixed phone ( you can make free calls in many countries (list provided in the studio).  There is also a vacuum cleaner and hair dryer.  Supermarket 50 meters, open until 10 pm, and Sunday morning.  Bakery and a lot of other shops : Rue Monge, close too. NO SMOKING please.	9 m2 one room apartment near the Rue Mouffetard, the Place de la Contrescarpe, the Pantheon and the Jardin des Plantes.  Shower and toilet inside. 1st floor (european norm , not ground floor, view on the rue Lacépède)  Metro: Place Monge, line 7= 2 min walk. From this station, you can go to the Louvre in less than 9 mins and in 5 mins in the trendy Marais. Velib station at the foot of the building.  2 mins more walk, you can also take line 10 : Cardinal Lemoine station, which takes you through much of Paris from east to west.  The studio has a sofa bed (width 120), a kitchenette with fridge, electric hob, microwave, kettle . Plus dishes.  There is television, wi-fi internet, fixed phone ( you can make free calls in many countries (list provided in the studio).  There is also a vacuum cleaner and hair dryer.  Supermarket 50 meters, open until 10 pm, and Sunday morning.  Bakery and a lot of other shops : Rue Monge, close too. NO SMOKING please.
22262		Charming studio located in a cosy area of Paris not far from the city centre, in a street full of market stands and small shops. This well equipped apartment which opens onto a calm courtyard, ideal for a couple, will ravish your stay in Paris.
22263	This one-bedroom apartment is in the Latin Quarter, one of the oldest and most picturesque neighbourhoods in Paris . The 18 the century building has a security code . The apartment is newly refurbished with modern and luxury amenities. Located on the 2nd floor of a house in the garden it is very bright and equipped with everything you will need for a pleasant, comfortable and quiet stay in Paris. The apartment consists of : - open kitchen fully equipped (induction plate, fridge, combined microwave, 4 cover dishwasher, toaster, coffee pot, all necessary kitchen utensils) and a bed-sitter room with coffee table and armchair, cable TV,  - living/bedroom with convertible sofa bed as comfortable as a real bed ; unfolds in a second with a 140 x 200 cm mattress.  -  shower room is new, complete with design wash basin and toilet. -  linen is provided.  Features :  Mobility broadband Internet  General: 2 nd floor. Air-Conditioning, and electic heating High-speed 3G/edge Internet. WIFI (USB). ca	This one-bedroom apartment is in the Latin Quarter, one of the oldest and most picturesque neighbourhoods in Paris . The 18 the century building has a security code . The apartment is newly refurbished with modern and luxury amenities. Located on the 2nd floor of a house in the garden it is very bright and equipped with everything you will need for a pleasant, comfortable and quiet stay in Paris. The apartment consists of : - open kitchen fully equipped (induction plate, fridge, combined microwave, 4 cover dishwasher, toaster, coffee pot, all necessary kitchen utensils) and a bed-sitter room with coffee table and armchair, cable TV,  - living/bedroom with convertible sofa bed as comfortable as a real bed ; unfolds in a second with a 140 x 200 cm mattress.  -  shower room is new, complete with design wash basin and toilet. -  linen is provided.  Features :  Mobility broadband Internet  General: 2 nd floor. Air-Conditioning, and electic heating High-speed 3G/edge Internet. WIFI (USB). ca
22264	Cet appartement typiquement Parisien de 67m2 (parquet, moulure, cheminée) a été entièrement refait à neuf en 2014 avec des matériaux de qualité et est tout équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-onde, grille pain, Télé, WiFi, sèche cheveux, etc..). Il est composé d’une grande chambre de 15m2 avec un grand lit double, d’un grand double salon/salle à manger lumineux de 30m2, d’une salle de bain composée d’une grande douche à l’italienne, d’un toilette indépendant et d’une grande cuisine ouverte totalement équipée. Un matelas d'appoint es également disponible pour accueillir une troisième personne. Notre appartement est situé au 4e étage avec ascenseur d’un bel immeuble haussmannien, bénéficie d’une double exposition et de deux balcons permettant de mettre une table et deux chaises. Sur les balcons vous pourrez apercevoir la tour Eiffel et le Minaret de la grande Mosquée de Paris.	- Appartement typiquement Parisien de 67m2 (parquet, moulure, cheminée) refait à neuf en 2014 - Il est composé d’une chambre, double salon/salle à manger, cuisine, sdb, WC, au 4è étage avec ascenseur - Nombreux commerces et restaurants à proximité Cet appartement typiquement Parisien de 67m2 (parquet, moulure, cheminée) a été entièrement refait à neuf en 2014 avec des matériaux de qualité et est tout équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, four, micro-onde, grille pain, Télé, WiFi, sèche cheveux, etc..). Il est composé d’une grande chambre de 15m2 avec un grand lit double, d’un grand double salon/salle à manger lumineux de 30m2, d’une salle de bain composée d’une grande douche à l’italienne, d’un toilette indépendant et d’une grande cuisine ouverte totalement équipée. Un matelas d'appoint es également disponible pour accueillir une troisième personne. Notre appartement est situé au 4e étage avec ascenseur d’un bel immeuble haussmannien, bénéficie d’une double exposition et de deux balcons 
22265	Jolie chambre dans un immeuble haussmannien, avec lit double, on aperçoit le haut de la tour Eiffel depuis la fenêtre. Appartement de 57m2, meublé, calme, avec parquet, boiserie, chauffage , lumineux, au 6è étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5è.  la chambre comporte un lit double.  Si vous êtes 3 il y aura un lit gonflable ( electrique ) qui sera ajouté.	l'appartement est super avec un salon spacieux et lumineux, une salle de bain avec baignoire, la chambre fait environ 15m2.  l'appartement se situe rue Claude Bernard, entre Luxembourg et la place Monge, proche du Panthéon et de la rue Mouffetard Jolie chambre dans un immeuble haussmannien, avec lit double, on aperçoit le haut de la tour Eiffel depuis la fenêtre. Appartement de 57m2, meublé, calme, avec parquet, boiserie, chauffage , lumineux, au 6è étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5è.  la chambre comporte un lit double.  Si vous êtes 3 il y aura un lit gonflable ( electrique ) qui sera ajouté. Les voyageurs ont accès à la chambre dans laquelle ils sont logés et aux parties communes Lorsque la chambre est louee, je suis dans la seconde chambre,sauf si je suis  en vacances et donc  loue aussi la seconde chambre, si je suis la  on peut échanger sans problème, discuter dans le salon ou autour d'un verre / diner le jardin du Luxembourg  Panthéon et quartier étudiant ( Sorbonne, bibliotheques 
22266	AMENITIES: -2 double bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 separate water closet -Central Latin Quarter location -Washing/drying machine, iron and board and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Place Monge or Cardinal Lemoine (Lines 7 & 10) Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 2rd floor of an Haussmanian building with elevator access.  The apartment is tastefully decorated and furinshed and gives a sense of tranquility and calmness throughout. The light and spacious living area has a large and comfortable sofa with a coffee table.  There is a large flat screen TV with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels.  There are large French windows which give access to the wrap around balcony.  From the balcony, you can enjoy views of Paris as well as the Place Monge market which takes place several days a week.  T	2 Bedrooms, 1 Living Area, 1 Kitchen, 1 Dining Room,1 Bathroom, 1 Water Closet, Wrap-around Balcony, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES: -2 double bedrooms, 1 bathroom and 1 separate water closet -Central Latin Quarter location -Washing/drying machine, iron and board and hairdryer provided -Free high-speed WIFI and cable TV -Metro: Place Monge or Cardinal Lemoine (Lines 7 & 10) Located in a secure residential building with coded entry and your own individual key, the apartment offers you a truly private and safe Parisian experience. This apartment is located on the 2rd floor of an Haussmanian building with elevator access.  The apartment is tastefully decorated and furinshed and gives a sense of tranquility and calmness throughout. The light and spacious living area has a large and comfortable sofa with a coffee table.  There is a large flat screen TV with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels.  There are large French windows which give access to the wrap around balcony.  From the bal
22267	a big 30 meter studio  comfortable for a couple. Everything! As much as they need...:-) It's close to a lot of cool places by walk 2 min by walk from the botanic gardens and 5 min walk from the river 20 min walk to Bastille... There is a big supermarket just infront of the flat open from 8:00am to 00:00 Monday till Saturday.	a nice apartment in the best area in Paris located in the Latin area in  a small quiet patio  close to all the attraction for tourist by walk or by metro (2 min walk from the metro).   a big 30 meter studio  comfortable for a couple. Everything! As much as they need...:-) It's close to a lot of cool places by walk 2 min by walk from the botanic gardens and 5 min walk from the river 20 min walk to Bastille... There is a big supermarket just infront of the flat open from 8:00am to 00:00 Monday till Saturday. Everything! As much as they need...:-) It's close to a lot of cool places by walk 2 min by walk from the botanic gardens and 5 min walk from the river 20 min walk to Bastille... There is a big supermarket just infront of the flat open from 8:00am to 00:00 Monday till Saturday.
22268	Nice, large one room apartment (with kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated) in the Latin Quarter of Paris, situated on the ground floor, it has access to the garden with a semi-private terrace. It has all the necessary equipment for a comfortable stay and can accommodate 1 to 4 people. During your stay, you will also be enjoying the company of two nice kitties, which are staying at the apartment. They are clean and go outside (so no nasty smells in the apartment!).	"Nice big studio in a very quiet place, but in a lively street (rue Mouffetard), with 2 cats. View on a garden. Fully equipped  Nice, large one room apartment (with kitchen, bathroom and toilet separated) in the Latin Quarter of Paris, situated on the ground floor, it has access to the garden with a semi-private terrace. It has all the necessary equipment for a comfortable stay and can accommodate 1 to 4 people. During your stay, you will also be enjoying the company of two nice kitties, which are staying at the apartment. They are clean and go outside (so no nasty smells in the apartment!). You will have access to everything you could need in the studio, to wifi, the whole kitchen equipment Metro Line 7 (pink line), and Line 10 (yellow line). RER line B (station luxembourg) The closest metro station is ""Place Monge"" (less than 2 minutes walking)"
22269		Cosy and bright studio in the center of Paris. Separated kitchen. Bathtub. Shopping and restaurants in the street. Studio de 32 m2  (poutres apparentes) refait à neuf. Cuisine séparée. Salle de bain avec baignoire. En plein centre de Paris. Je reste disponible au téléphone tout au long du séjour pour toutes informations. En pleine rue Mouffetard, très animé pendant la journée, bar, restaurants et magasins à 30 secondes à pieds. Très bien desservi en bus et métro (bus 21, 27, 47, métro 7 et RER B) Four, four micro-onde, machine à café, mais pas de plaque de cuisson.
22270	The place is unique : in the center of Paris View on the museum is unique. Next to one of the famous garden in Paris : jardin des plantes	New studio 25 m2. Perfect situation : famous garden jardin des plantes, metro, gare d'Austrelitz railway station , Seine; charming point  of view on museum Quiet. Clean. Bright 5th floor. charming private paved courtyard. New and soft bed-sofa The place is unique : in the center of Paris View on the museum is unique. Next to one of the famous garden in Paris : jardin des plantes Internet, the all flat, kitchen, fridge, bathroom, sofa-bed, ... It depends of each guests.  I like to share my advice for visiting Paris, help them, know a bit about them. In the center of the touristic Pairs, 5th district is one of the most charming parisian district. 10 minutes on foot to go to Notre dame de PAris ! Next to jardin de plantes Best place to stay a long weekend in PAris ! There's a big car park with free places close to the flat. The flat is next to the metro GAre d'austerlitz 10minutes on foot from gate de Lyon 
22271	Appartement de deux pièces: un grand séjour: canapé deux places,fauteuil,table,chaises et buffet, TV, magnétophone, chaîne hifi,  une cuisine américaine équipée réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, évier, plaques vitrocéramiques, four et micro-onde. une chambre: lit une place, dressing, bureau:imprimante et scanner. connection fibre ,internet, wifi. L'appartement est situé face au jardin de l'ancienne école polytechnique,sur une petite place agréable et vivante, dans un immeuble ancien avec poutres apparentes, sans vis à vis. Je partage mon appartement avec une jolie petite chatte de 4 ans qui s'appelle Cracotte,elle est très timide. Cracotte est absente lorsque l'appartement est mis à disposition. Le quartier latin est un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris, réputé pour ces universités (Sorbonne...), ses restaurants,cinémas (arts et essais),jardins(Luxembourg et plantes),marchés (Mouffetard, Monge, Maubert), monuments historiques (églises,panthéon,sorbonne,notre-Dame, 	Appartement de deux pièces: un grand séjour: canapé deux places,fauteuil,table,chaises et buffet, TV, magnétophone, chaîne hifi,  une cuisine américaine équipée réfrigérateur/congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, évier, plaques vitrocéramiques, four et micro-onde. une chambre: lit une place, dressing, bureau:imprimante et scanner. connection fibre ,internet, wifi. L'appartement est situé face au jardin de l'ancienne école polytechnique,sur une petite place agréable et vivante, dans un immeuble ancien avec poutres apparentes, sans vis à vis. Je partage mon appartement avec une jolie petite chatte de 4 ans qui s'appelle Cracotte,elle est très timide. Cracotte est absente lorsque l'appartement est mis à disposition. Le quartier latin est un des plus vieux quartiers de Paris, réputé pour ces universités (Sorbonne...), ses restaurants,cinémas (arts et essais),jardins(Luxembourg et plantes),marchés (Mouffetard, Monge, Maubert), monuments historiques (églises,panthéon,sorbonne,notre-Dame, 
22272	Looking out on a quiet courtyard that is graced with trees and greenery, this charming studio has a corner ‘niche’ for the bedroom area, a good size sitting room and features a separate kitchen that has most everything you will need to cook or simply bring prepared food home to reheat. The bathroom is functional, with a shower, a bit on the small side, but easy to use, good size sink and the WC inside. It features a towel warmer, which you can also use to heat the bathroom itself, or even hang clothes on it to dry if you wish.There is a large flat screen TV, featuring a cable system and several English language channels (BBC, CNN, etc.) and a telephone that allows free calls to some countries such as North America. Please see the house book for more information. The apartment was recently renovated and is in great shape. It is 25 m2 (about 270 ft2) and is on the 3rd European floor (4th US) with no elevator. The stairs are a little steep but do have a good handrail. There is a closet fo	Nicely renovated gem, that sleeps two adults on either twin size separate beds, or combined for a double bed. This is a quiet apartment in a great area, just 1 block off the bustling pedestrian street of rue Mouffetard and steps to the Pantheon. Looking out on a quiet courtyard that is graced with trees and greenery, this charming studio has a corner ‘niche’ for the bedroom area, a good size sitting room and features a separate kitchen that has most everything you will need to cook or simply bring prepared food home to reheat. The bathroom is functional, with a shower, a bit on the small side, but easy to use, good size sink and the WC inside. It features a towel warmer, which you can also use to heat the bathroom itself, or even hang clothes on it to dry if you wish.There is a large flat screen TV, featuring a cable system and several English language channels (BBC, CNN, etc.) and a telephone that allows free calls to some countries such as North America. Please see the house book for
22273	En plein centre de Paris, tranquillité et sécurité apportée par la cour privée dans laquelle on peut même envisager de déjeuner. Charme de la cour. Le studio est petit mais bien organisé.	Studio meublé de 14 m2 donnant sur cour arborée et calme, en plein centre de Paris (5éme arrondissement) aux portes du Jardin des Plantes. En plein centre de Paris, tranquillité et sécurité apportée par la cour privée dans laquelle on peut même envisager de déjeuner. Charme de la cour. Le studio est petit mais bien organisé. Station de métro Jussieu à 150 m Langues parlées : français, anglais Les commerces et restaurants La proximité immédiate avec le jardin des Plantes, le musée d'histoire naturelle, la grande mosquée de Paris, l'ENS, l'université de Jussieu, ...
22274		APARTMENT COMPLETELY EQUIPPED 
22275	" ""LA CLOSERIE""  It is a 2 floors Apartment/ APROX 538ft² or 50m² just refurbished and beautifully decorated. It has 2 moderns bathrooms!!! 1 bed room + living room with American (website hidden) has a entrance hall, living room with a double sofa bed, and extensible table. Full bathroom and American open kitchen equipped including washing machine. 1 suite room there is a double bed, a single sofa bed and a full bathroom apart from TV and Internet.We have NATURAL light (due to a glass slab on the floor that let through the window light) LOCATION!LOCATION !! LOCATION!! 3 MINUTES WALKING FROM THE METRO STATION Les Gobelins or Censier Daubenton line 07 !!! We are distance walk from  the  Sorbonne University!  You will be in the heart of a vibrant neighborhood scene with lots of little cafes, a myriad of specialty food shops, clothes and accessories boutiques, and of course the famous Rue Mouffetard food market, selling the freshest fruit and vegetables, cheese, flowers, seafood, wines, Par"	"!!AIR CONDITIONING & STORAGE !!      Located at Quartier Latin, Mouffetard,   ""LA CLOSERIE""  is a 2 floors Apartment of  50m² just refurbished and beautifully decorated. It has 2 moderns bathrooms, one p/ floor. We can accommodate all your family!!   ""LA CLOSERIE""  It is a 2 floors Apartment/ APROX 538ft² or 50m² just refurbished and beautifully decorated. It has 2 moderns bathrooms!!! 1 bed room + living room with American (website hidden) has a entrance hall, living room with a double sofa bed, and extensible table. Full bathroom and American open kitchen equipped including washing machine. 1 suite room there is a double bed, a single sofa bed and a full bathroom apart from TV and Internet.We have NATURAL light (due to a glass slab on the floor that let through the window light) LOCATION!LOCATION !! LOCATION!! 3 MINUTES WALKING FROM THE METRO STATION Les Gobelins or Censier Daubenton line 07 !!! We are distance walk from  the  Sorbonne University!  You will be in the heart of a vibra"
22276	Lift, entrance hall, one sitting/dining room (with a sofa that can be used as a single bed), one bedroom (double confortable bed), wc with small washbasin, bathroom with shower and washbasin, kitchen, many cupboards. 	You will be housed at the 1st floor of a 2 rooms flat, in one of the best location in Paris.  wooden floor, big chimney with marble, 2 big windows. A small but  prestigious parisian flat, very well designed, All Paris at your feet! Lift, entrance hall, one sitting/dining room (with a sofa that can be used as a single bed), one bedroom (double confortable bed), wc with small washbasin, bathroom with shower and washbasin, kitchen, many cupboards.  Acess to Notre Dame (10 mn walk), the Seine river (2 mn walk), The Bastille opera and district of Le Marais (15mn walk), Saint Germain des Prés (15mn walk), one of the best gastronomic market place (5mn walk) and much more... As a native parisian, I would be delighted to welcome you and tell you about my special recommandations of shops, restaurants and secret places.. A unique and authentical experience, for a reasonable price. Very simple: maybe the best urban location in the world! 5 buses, 3 subway stations, walking distance from many touri
22277	Unique one bedroom apartment situated in the 5th district of Paris, with less than a minute walk to the famous rue Mouffetard that has various cafes, shops, and touristic sights.  Fully furnished. Washing mashine, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, desk, couch, TV & Wifi included. Integrated speakers in the bathroom.  Seperate bedroom with a double bed. Couch & TV in the living room. Seperate Kitchen. Located on 5th floor with elevator.	Unique one bedroom apartment situated in the 5th district of Paris, with less than a minute walk to the famous rue Mouffetard that has various cafes, shops, and touristic sights.  Fully furnished. Washing mashine, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, desk, couch, TV & Wifi included. Integrated speakers in the bathroom.  Seperate bedroom with a double bed. Couch & TV in the living room. Seperate Kitchen. Located on 5th floor with elevator. Just around the corner of Rue Mouffetard (full of shops, restaurants, cafes, and nightlife).  5 minutes walking distance to the Pantheon, rue Soufflot, Rue St Genevieve, Jardin de Luxembourg and Jardin des Plantes. 10 minutes walking distance to St Michel, Quartier Latin, the Notre Dame, and Hotel de Ville.  I will always be available for direct interaction with the guest.  There is a late check out fee of 35 Euros. It is a very quiet street placed in the center of Paris, but the main streets for nightlife are just around the corner. It's a neighborhoo
22278	"***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is 60 sqm and offers a large double living room with a balcony with a dinning corner for 8 people, a bedroom with a queen size bed for two with a terrace with a view on the Pantheon where you could have your coffee in the sunshine in the morning, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine and a dish-washer, a bathroom with two sinks, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 5th floor with a lift. My apartment is furnished to make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"". Step outside to the many shops rue Mouffetard, and hop over the river on one side to île Saint Louis or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty restaurants of Paris, or savor some wine and cheese at home while resting your feet after a day of site seeing. Perfect for two, you can also sleep 4 on demand. The sofa bed is very brand new and very comfortable. The owner puts a particula"	"This is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: two blocks away from Notre-Dame, the Pantheon and the Luxembourg garden, you are in the heart of Paris. The apartment can host up to four people in a very charming parisian atmosphere. ***Welcome Home*** Come and experience Paris! The apartment is 60 sqm and offers a large double living room with a balcony with a dinning corner for 8 people, a bedroom with a queen size bed for two with a terrace with a view on the Pantheon where you could have your coffee in the sunshine in the morning, a fully equipped kitchen with a washing-machine and a dish-washer, a bathroom with two sinks, Internet connection - wifi, and is located on the 5th floor with a lift. My apartment is furnished to make this a cozy environment for anyone wishing to experience ""la vie Parisienne"". Step outside to the many shops rue Mouffetard, and hop over the river on one side to île Saint Louis or the other to the Latin Quarter in an instant! Discover the many tasty re"
22279	The apartment has one main room with a real queen-sized bed (180/200cm) a cosy armchair with view to the small and calm street and a desk, where you can put your laptop on. We have FREE WIFI for you and a stereo system that you can use, too. The bathroom provides a shower, WC and a washing machine. Towels and sheets are provided. The kitchen is fully equipped with stove, oven, fridge and all the other cooking and dining equipment you might need. Plus, we have a super Nespresso coffee machine.	The apartment has one main room with a real queen-sized bed (180/200cm) a cosy armchair with view to the small and calm street and a desk, where you can put your laptop on. We have FREE WIFI for you and a stereo system that you can use, too. The bathroom provides a shower, WC and a washing machine. Towels and sheets are provided. The kitchen is fully equipped with stove, oven, fridge and all the other cooking and dining equipment you might need. Plus, we have a super Nespresso coffee machine. If you want to smoke, please do it in the kitchen or while having a coffee in one of the bars :-). We will provide some space where you can store your belongings but please respect, that the wardrobe is filled with our personal things and that for should stay closed during your stay. If you have any questions or concerns, don't hesitate to contact me via phone or mail. The apartment is located in central Paris five minutes away from the Pantheon. It is a vivid area with lots of small bars to go ou
22280	L'appartement donne vu sur la grande mosquée de Paris.	4 pièces accueillant. cuisine toute équipée, balcon sur vue imprenable sans vis à vis. Idéalement situé dans 5ème arrondissement. Proximité metro ainsi que de nombreux magasins et restaurants. L'appartement donne vu sur la grande mosquée de Paris. two separate bedrooms and a sofa bed. There is also another matress for one child.
22281	The apartment is a nice one bedroom located in the 5th district. The bedroom has a nice full size bed. The living room has a sofa bed and a cozy dining area. You'll find everything you need in the kitchen (oven, hob, fridge, pans, toaster, etc). At the top of a 19th century building, you'll have a unique view of Paris roofs and some of its most famous monuments like the Eiffel Tower, the Panthéon or the Dome of the Val de Grâce.	1 bedroom apartment with a full size bed, and a living room with a sofa bed, a bathroom, separate toilets and an equipped kitchen.  Great spot to discover Paris on foot. Plus, you can enjoy the view of the Eiffel Tower sparkling from the kitchen window. The apartment is a nice one bedroom located in the 5th district. The bedroom has a nice full size bed. The living room has a sofa bed and a cozy dining area. You'll find everything you need in the kitchen (oven, hob, fridge, pans, toaster, etc). At the top of a 19th century building, you'll have a unique view of Paris roofs and some of its most famous monuments like the Eiffel Tower, the Panthéon or the Dome of the Val de Grâce. The building is accessible 24/7 and is secured with a digital keypad. I live in the same building so I'll be quickly available if you need me! I also speak English and French. The apartment is walking distance from: • The Jardin des Plantes • Rue Mouffetard • Saint Germain * The Quai de Seine Saint Germain I've 
22282	Vous apprécierez ce charmant 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové avec des matériaux de grande qualité, tout en gardant son charme de l'ancien typique du quartier Saint Germain avec ses poutres apparentes. Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes (le matelas se déplie directement sur le sol) où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine est totalement équipée, avec la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi que d'une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation dans une cour intérieure tout en pouvant bénéficier de l'animation du quartier Saint-Germain. Vous pouvez vous rendre en 5 minutes à pieds à Notre-Dame ou flâner le long des quais. Pour vos soirées vous aurez le choix entre de nombreux restaurants, n'hésitez pas à nous demander nos bonnes adresse	DERNIÈRE MINUTE : Chers hôtes, merci pour vos commentaires constructifs, suite à vos conseils nous avons changé le canapé lit du salon ! Appartement très lumineux et calme, proche de tous commerces et restaurants. Notre-Dames est à 5 mn à pieds Vous apprécierez ce charmant 2 pièces qui a été totalement rénové avec des matériaux de grande qualité, tout en gardant son charme de l'ancien typique du quartier Saint Germain avec ses poutres apparentes. Il est composé d'un séjour équipé d'un canapé lit pour 2 personnes (le matelas se déplie directement sur le sol) où vous pourrez vous relaxer devant la télévision. La cuisine est totalement équipée, avec la vaisselle et les ustensiles de cuisine dont vous pourrez avoir besoin pendant votre séjour, ainsi que d'une machine à laver le linge. Pour votre café, nous vous fournissons gracieusement des capsules pour la machine Nespresso Vous profiterez du calme de cet appartement de par sa situation dans une cour intérieure tout en pouvant bénéficier 
22283	My flat is very well located near street Mouffetard, Luxembourg garden, Jardin des Plantes ... It is very sunny, calm and nice. It is also vast: 55 m 2. There is s bed room with double a bed, a double living room with an opened kitchen and a bathroom with a large bath. The sofa can be used as a bed for a litlle child but it is not a sofa bed. Facing south, it is enlightened by a natural light all day long. The kitchen is completely equiped. The apartment was completely renewed 4 years ago, it is thus in excellent state. As for the district, do you remember Midnight in Paris of Woody Allen ? Many scenes were just shot below, in saint médard 's place! My flat is situated at the foot of mouffetard (email hidden) by walk from Luxembourg's garden, from the Jardin des Plantes. It is at 20 minutes by walk from Odeon, Saint Germain, Latin Quarter. A bus passes at the foot of the flat and will take you directly to Notre-Dame, to the Louvre, to the Opera in 15 minutes. In a conclusion, you will 	My flat is very well located near street Mouffetard, Luxembourg garden, Jardin des Plantes ... It is very sunny, calm and nice. It is also vast: 55 m 2. There is s bed room with double a bed, a double living room with an opened kitchen and a bathroom with a large bath. The sofa can be used as a bed for a litlle child but it is not a sofa bed. Facing south, it is enlightened by a natural light all day long. The kitchen is completely equiped. The apartment was completely renewed 4 years ago, it is thus in excellent state. As for the district, do you remember Midnight in Paris of Woody Allen ? Many scenes were just shot below, in saint médard 's place! My flat is situated at the foot of mouffetard (email hidden) by walk from Luxembourg's garden, from the Jardin des Plantes. It is at 20 minutes by walk from Odeon, Saint Germain, Latin Quarter. A bus passes at the foot of the flat and will take you directly to Notre-Dame, to the Louvre, to the Opera in 15 minutes. In a conclusion, you will 
22284	"It’s a perfect apartment for a couple in a typical Parisian quarter. It’s very central : our apartment is at the heart of Quartier Latin, near to the main cultural activities (Panthéon, Luxembourg’s garden, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, museums…), restaurants, bars, pubs, cinema. No more 10 minutes walking. We are at 5th floor with an elevator with a stunning view on Parisian roofs.  	The apartment offers: Accommodation of 40 square meters A linear balcony with a beautiful view on Paris A bedroom with a japenese bed (140 cm x 200 cm)  Bathroom with a bathtub  A fully equipped kitchen Washing machine, Wifi  TV WC  Plenty of storage 	Area This apartment is located in the 5th arrondissement, a chic, dynamic, full of life, good transport connections, traditional and safe with a lot of stores. The subway is at the foot of the bulding (line 10 at 50m and line7 at 200 m).On the ground floor, you will find a little supermarket very useful if you want to cook something home made.  "	"C'est un appartement idéal pour un couple dans un quartier typiquement parisien. Situé au centre de Paris, notre appartement est proche des principales activités culturelles (Panthéon, Luxembourg, Notre Dame de Paris...). It’s a perfect apartment for a couple in a typical Parisian quarter. It’s very central : our apartment is at the heart of Quartier Latin, near to the main cultural activities (Panthéon, Luxembourg’s garden, Notre-Dame-de-Paris, museums…), restaurants, bars, pubs, cinema. No more 10 minutes walking. We are at 5th floor with an elevator with a stunning view on Parisian roofs.  	The apartment offers: Accommodation of 40 square meters A linear balcony with a beautiful view on Paris A bedroom with a japenese bed (140 cm x 200 cm)  Bathroom with a bathtub  A fully equipped kitchen Washing machine, Wifi  TV WC  Plenty of storage 	Area This apartment is located in the 5th arrondissement, a chic, dynamic, full of life, good transport connections, traditional and safe with a lo"
22285	Located in a very safe building, this comfortable apartment features with : -TV, cable TV -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (  hotplates, microwave, ), -bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)  one bedroom with a real bed-and it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch for a third or a fourth person (in family, couple or between friends) The apartment is sunny and quiet and stays cool during summer.  Building equiped with 2 security codes and interphone. I supply fresh linnen and towels.  Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river (300 meters) -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restauran	Located in a very safe building, this comfortable apartment features with : -TV, cable TV -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (  hotplates, microwave, ), -bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)  one bedroom with a real bed-and it has a huge and very comfortable convertible couch for a third or a fourth person (in family, couple or between friends) The apartment is sunny and quiet and stays cool during summer.  Building equiped with 2 security codes and interphone. I supply fresh linnen and towels.  Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river (300 meters) -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of parks, historic sites, boutiques, markets, bars, restauran
22286	2 rooms next to each with completely redone bathroom, 2 kitchens , 2 toilets, 2 TVs , wifi, desktop, table, towel and bed linen provided .	Charm of the old renovated Mouffetard . In a very quiet street. 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 toilets, 2 kitchens, 2 televisions . Next to the Contrescarpe square with restaurants , bars, markets , metro, Pantheon , Notre Dame, Arenes de Lutece ... The 2 rooms next to each with completely redone bathroom, 2 kitchens , 2 toilets, 2 TVs , wifi, desktop, table, towel and bed linen provided . Mouffetard very Parisian with its terraces , its market, restaurants, parks ... In the heart of Paris. Metro only 2 minutes , line 7 or 10. stop Place Monge or Cardinal Lemoine .
22287		appartement très bien placé, dans le 5ème arrondissement (centre de Paris, quartier latin), situé en haut de la rue Mouffetard à 5 min à pieds du Panthéon/parc du Luxembourg, le logement est très bien desservi (ligne 7 et 10). Tout équipé avec balcon
22288	6th floor (American 7th), without elevator.  Kitchen is fully equipped with a little oven, refrigerator, stove, sink, plus all the dishes and cookware.  Have your own private toilet, bath and sink.     *Sheets and bath towels not included. 	"Direct line to CDG/Orly & Gare du Nord. A charming, well decorated studio w/ balcony in center Paris. Minutes away from many attractions: Sorbonne, Luxembourg Gardens, Pantheon, Notre Dame, Seine, the famous ""Midnight in Paris"" spot.  6th floor (American 7th), without elevator.  Kitchen is fully equipped with a little oven, refrigerator, stove, sink, plus all the dishes and cookware.  Have your own private toilet, bath and sink.     *Sheets and bath towels not included.  You may contact me by email or phone whenever needed!  It's in centeral Paris. It's effortless to get anywhere!  Walking to the old cobblestone street of  Moufftard (marché Tuesdays and Sundays) or having a picnic at Garden of Luxembourg or just walking along the Seine. It'll make you fall in love with Paris!  Located in the center of Paris, you can easily explore Paris by foot!  If not, there's two buses (so much better than the underground, letting you see Paris) in front of the apartment's door that will take you to"
22289	The apartment, on the fourth floor (with elevator), consists of entrance-dining room, fully equipped kitchen (with dishwasher and washing machine), separate living area with TV, bathroom with Jacuzzi, bedroom with closet and high-quality king-size bed (160x200 cm). Romantic view on old Paris rooftops (Saint Victor street side). Calm assured. Double glazing. Cot available Light housekeeping products, towels and sheets are included in the price. Possibility of cleaning service on request. Internet Access	45m² (485 ft²) apartment near Maubert-Mutualité metro station. Almost all the wonders of Paris are 5 minutes away by foot: Notre-Dame, Saint-Louis Island, the Pantheon, Saint Michel…. Internet access The apartment, on the fourth floor (with elevator), consists of entrance-dining room, fully equipped kitchen (with dishwasher and washing machine), separate living area with TV, bathroom with Jacuzzi, bedroom with closet and high-quality king-size bed (160x200 cm). Romantic view on old Paris rooftops (Saint Victor street side). Calm assured. Double glazing. Cot available Light housekeeping products, towels and sheets are included in the price. Possibility of cleaning service on request. Internet Access All the apartment How often it's necessary Neighborhood mainly inhabited by Parisians with any kind of shops. Nearby local transportations: buses (also night lines) (phone number hidden). Subway - Metro line M10.  RER B and C (Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport, Versailles, Disneyland connecti
22290	"Ideal location for those who want to know the heart of Paris! Painters, philosophers and scientists lived in the Pantheon area, and you could too! Apartment is located in a very serene, private yard, surrounded by cobblestone streets, not to mention romantic surrounding... The area has an amazing history, and it is also the oldest part of the city. Romans settled down their agora on top of this hill called ""Montagne Sainte Geneviève"" Most recently, the Latin Quarter has been the 'it' location chosen by Woody Allen to shoot scenes from his movie ""Midnight in Paris"". Traditional  bakery, bistros and book shops are only walking distance.  The appartment is 430 sq/feet big (40m2) is fully equipted.  2nd floor apartment  and last one (US 3nd floor) it comprises 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 den, 1 living room with open kitchen facing out to a courtyard. The bedroom is located at the very top of the apartment under the roof, , enabling you to sleep soundly after a busy day in Paris.   Local publi"	"Ideal location for those who want to know the heart of Paris! Painters, philosophers and scientists lived in the Pantheon area, and you could too! Apartment is located in a very serene, private yard, surrounded by cobblestone streets, not to mention romantic surrounding... The area has an amazing history, and it is also the oldest part of the city. Romans settled down their agora on top of this hill called ""Montagne Sainte Geneviève"" Most recently, the Latin Quarter has been the 'it' location chosen by Woody Allen to shoot scenes from his movie ""Midnight in Paris"". Traditional  bakery, bistros and book shops are only walking distance.  The appartment is 430 sq/feet big (40m2) is fully equipted.  2nd floor apartment  and last one (US 3nd floor) it comprises 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 den, 1 living room with open kitchen facing out to a courtyard. The bedroom is located at the very top of the apartment under the roof, , enabling you to sleep soundly after a busy day in Paris.   Local publi"
22291	The apartment is over three levels and has high ceilings so it is very airy. When you enter the apartment you have a separate toilet on the right. You then pass through a door that leads into 30m2 drawing room. Off this room is the fitted kitchen and the stairs leading up to the mezzanine. Here you will find a sofa bed and there is an additional mattress. This area could sleep one or two younger children. We feel that the apartment is unsuitable for babies and toddlers because of the stairs. Continuing up the stairs you come to the double bedroom with the bathroom attached.	This unusual split level apartment is a first floor apartment and is approximately a 5 minute walk to Notre Dame, the Seine, the Louvre etc. with the closest Metro being the RER Luxenbourg which is three stations from the Gare du Nord.  The apartment is over three levels and has high ceilings so it is very airy. When you enter the apartment you have a separate toilet on the right. You then pass through a door that leads into 30m2 drawing room. Off this room is the fitted kitchen and the stairs leading up to the mezzanine. Here you will find a sofa bed and there is an additional mattress. This area could sleep one or two younger children. We feel that the apartment is unsuitable for babies and toddlers because of the stairs. Continuing up the stairs you come to the double bedroom with the bathroom attached. Car not necessary.  Nearest airport: Charles du Gaulle, Nearest railway: Gard du Nord. Two night minimum stay. Suitable for children over 5.   Some pets are welcome - please contact 
22292	L'appartement dispose d'une grande chambre et d'un beau salon composé d'un canapé-lit, d'une petite table, d'une TV, d'une enceinte Boze et du wifi. La cuisine est équipée d'un lave-vaisselle, d'un four, d'un micro-onde, d'une bouilloire, d'une cafetière Nespresso et d'un lave linge.  Les condiments seront à votre disposition. Des capsules de café et les produits d'entretien également. 	Lovely 1 bedroom flat in the 5th district of Paris. Close to Notre Dame de Paris Cathedral and to walk-distance of the Seine. Quiet area in the Center of Paris.
22293	My wife and I chose to decorate our apartment in a very clean, modern style. Upon entering you will find the kitchen on the left and right the living room. In the extension, there is a beautiful dining room. The room is perfectly placed to share living spaces and has a double bed 160x200. The living room sofa can be converted into bed and 2 children comfortably. (2 adults too of course) The kitchen is obviously fully equipped, with dishwasher, coffee machine and all necessary utensils for cooking great meals.	"My modern style apartment is located on the poetic and historic "" Quartier Latin"" . The Luxembourg Gardens are nearby, as the Pantheon and the Sorbonne . A ten minute walk will take you to l' Ile de la Cité and the Notre -Dame cathedral. My wife and I chose to decorate our apartment in a very clean, modern style. Upon entering you will find the kitchen on the left and right the living room. In the extension, there is a beautiful dining room. The room is perfectly placed to share living spaces and has a double bed 160x200. The living room sofa can be converted into bed and 2 children comfortably. (2 adults too of course) The kitchen is obviously fully equipped, with dishwasher, coffee machine and all necessary utensils for cooking great meals. The whole apartment is yours. So welcome home ;) During my absence , he is a friend , Jonathan, who will welcome you and accompany you during your stay and make your stay unforgettable . Here everything breathes history, lifestyle, Culture and Lei"
22294	Apartamento perfecto para 2/3 personas y muy comodo en el bario el mas viejo y al centro de Paris. Cerca de buenos restaurantes y bares. Increibles monumentos a 10 minuto andando. 	Nice flat near everything, perfect for 2 or 3 people. In the oldest district of Paris, a lot of good restaurants and bars and numerous sights 10 min walking. A lot of buses and metros will bring you everywhere else in a short time.
22295		Charmant studio refait à neuf accueillant et douillet! Peut loger deux personnes. Situé dans une cour très calme. Profitez de la rue mouffetard:une rue piétonne et commerçante à deux pas du Panthéon! A 2 min du métro!
22296	A nice and spacious private room with a view of Pantheon is available in a bright, and quiet apartment (48 m2) overlooking the courtyard in the heart of Paris!  A comfortable place in a trendy district suitable for one or two persons!  The apartment is fully equipped with wifi Internet access + separated kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, oven and stove + spacious bathroom + WC + central heating warming interior spaces + two elevators + fresh towels and bed sheets for every one The apartment is extremely well located in a great and historic neighborhood called Latin Quarter :  - it's just at the back of Pantheon which is one of the famous and historical monument of Paris - there is Mouffetard St. at the corner. This old street is known for its night life where one can find tons of lovely cafés and Parisian bistrots and hype/trendy bars, pubs and clubs  - 7 min walk to Luxembourg Garden with its incredible landscape  - 15 min walk to fasion centers, art galleries and jazz bars of Saint	A nice and spacious private room with a view of Pantheon is available in a bright, and quiet apartment (48 m2) overlooking the courtyard in the heart of Paris!  A comfortable place in a trendy district suitable for one or two persons!  The apartment is fully equipped with wifi Internet access + separated kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, oven and stove + spacious bathroom + WC + central heating warming interior spaces + two elevators + fresh towels and bed sheets for every one The apartment is extremely well located in a great and historic neighborhood called Latin Quarter :  - it's just at the back of Pantheon which is one of the famous and historical monument of Paris - there is Mouffetard St. at the corner. This old street is known for its night life where one can find tons of lovely cafés and Parisian bistrots and hype/trendy bars, pubs and clubs  - 7 min walk to Luxembourg Garden with its incredible landscape  - 15 min walk to fasion centers, art galleries and jazz bars of Saint
22297	Loft on ground floor with direct access to an alley. -First floor mezzanine open bedroom with large bed for 2 and dressing. -Ground floor, living room with 2 people convertible sofa and fully equipped kitchen: fridge, microwave, toaster, nespresso, induction hotplates, rice-cooker, etc. -2 WC. Internet Wifi, Internet optical fibre. Télévision, DVD player. -Large bathroom at Basement: bath and shower, shampoos, iron, washing machine, clothes-dryer...	"Located in the heart of ""Quartier Latin"", this loft on ground floor opens on pedestrian aisle. Well equipped for 1 to 4 guests.  Loft on ground floor with direct access to an alley. -First floor mezzanine open bedroom with large bed for 2 and dressing. -Ground floor, living room with 2 people convertible sofa and fully equipped kitchen: fridge, microwave, toaster, nespresso, induction hotplates, rice-cooker, etc. -2 WC. Internet Wifi, Internet optical fibre. Télévision, DVD player. -Large bathroom at Basement: bath and shower, shampoos, iron, washing machine, clothes-dryer... We rent the whole flat, of course we won't stay here. Independent stand-alone apartment, accessible by quiet aisle. The entry via the little wooden door on the right of our pictures. I'll be very happy to meet you and give you good advices for where to eat, to shop or to visit.  If you have any questions about the flat or the location, feel free to contact me! You will stay in ""la mouff' "" the oldest Paris distric"
22298		Appartement de 50m² situé dans le 5ème arrondissement de Paris. 
22299	""" Idéalement situé en plein coeur du Quartier Latin,à 100 mètres de la rue mouffetard, des arènes de Lutèce et du jardin des Plantes!Cet appartement calme et lumineux de 105 m², posséde 3 chambres, peut accueillir 6 personnes. Il a été entièrement rénové en 2012. Il est équipé d'une télévision,d'un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi,d'un lecteur DVD, d'un cuisine entièrement équipée, d'un lave linge et d'un sèche linge. """	""" Idéalement situé en plein coeur du Quartier Latin,à 100 mètres de la rue mouffetard, des arènes de Lutèce et du jardin des Plantes!Cet appartement calme et lumineux de 105 m², posséde 3 chambres, peut accueillir 6 personnes. Il a été entièrement rénové en 2012. Il est équipé d'une télévision,d'un accès internet haut débit illimité avec le wifi,d'un lecteur DVD, d'un cuisine entièrement équipée, d'un lave linge et d'un sèche linge. """
22300	Live in Paris one week, for visit and know the life of Parisian family. We live in « Quartier Latin », between Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, and Le Jardin des Plantes (two minutes walk away) and we like it!  Also you can go to the Louvre, the Eiffel tower, the Louvre or the Cite des Sciences by metro (the metro station Jussieu is 3 minutes walk away down the street), bus, bicycles or boat very quickly. Your apartment is just next our ‘s . It is sunny, calm with its independent entrance and located on the first floor (French, second in America) without lift. The studio was completely redone in November of 2010. It is 20sq meters (215 sq feet); there is a double size bed, a table with armchairs, a small kitchenette with sink and microwave. The bathroom is functional with shower, sink and lavatory. Around your flat you can find little French bistro, cafés and very good restaurants. In the morning the openair market in the Mouffetard is calling you. We‘ll show you and we are sure you will like 	In the heart of the Latin Quarter, I have the pleasure to welcom you in a new studio flat. Imagine : five minutes walk from Notre Dame, le Panthéon, la rue Mouffetard ... Come alone or with your partner to discover Paris and its most beautiful ! Live in Paris one week, for visit and know the life of Parisian family. We live in « Quartier Latin », between Notre Dame, Le Pantheon, and Le Jardin des Plantes (two minutes walk away) and we like it!  Also you can go to the Louvre, the Eiffel tower, the Louvre or the Cite des Sciences by metro (the metro station Jussieu is 3 minutes walk away down the street), bus, bicycles or boat very quickly. Your apartment is just next our ‘s . It is sunny, calm with its independent entrance and located on the first floor (French, second in America) without lift. The studio was completely redone in November of 2010. It is 20sq meters (215 sq feet); there is a double size bed, a table with armchairs, a small kitchenette with sink and microwave. The bathroo
22301	Sunny single bedroom on Holy Ground. Awaken to the bells of Notre Dame. Shayne's 15th Century Garret is on the Park Avenue of Paris, the most desirable and envied address in the city --  Shayne's 15th century Garret for 1 is the only Bed and Breakfast in this  historic and beautiful, medieval neighborhood. Recent research has now revealed that the building was built in 1494.  Over twenty generations of families and singles have shared this wonderful ancient flat every day for almost five hundred years.  It's a real historic monument, probably the most ancient dwelling among the million plus on Airbnb and certainly the most ancient in Paris.  The floors slant considerably, as do the walls in places.   The wall towards the sun is almost two feet thick solid stone, so the garret is cool as a cucumber in summer (compared to 99 percent of Paris rooms).  There's a five-story spiral staircase that will stick in you memory forever. There are nice rooms in Paris for half the price of the Garret	Recent research reveals that Shayne's Garret was built in 1494, over 500 years ago.  Why just visit historic monuments when you can actually stay in one?  One of the oldest dwellings in all of Paris, probably the oldest Airbnb rental on earth. Unique. Sunny single bedroom on Holy Ground.  Awaken to the bells of Notre Dame. Absolute center of Paris, walk everywhere. Street famous for music, food,and good times.  Steps from the Seine, beauty in every direction. Bohemian atmosphere. Express to CDG. Sunny single bedroom on Holy Ground. Awaken to the bells of Notre Dame. Shayne's 15th Century Garret is on the Park Avenue of Paris, the most desirable and envied address in the city --  Shayne's 15th century Garret for 1 is the only Bed and Breakfast in this  historic and beautiful, medieval neighborhood. Recent research has now revealed that the building was built in 1494.  Over twenty generations of families and singles have shared this wonderful ancient flat every day for almost five hundre
22302	"Some information concerning the atmosphere and environment around the house: My studio is located in the heart of Paris, Latin Quarter; near the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg Gardens, Botanical Gardens (one of the oldest gardens of Europe)... The Metro Stations are very close to the house, only 2 minute walk. Area: very nice and lively, convenient, quite, near to a lot of attractions, National Museum. There are many stores, supermarkets, food markets, international restaurants. Ernest Hemingway had lived here, perhaps, he had diner in these restaurants, I think!...  There is a restaurant called ""Jardin des Pâtes"" just in front when you go out of the building on the right, it has a very good atmosphere and offers delicious food, made with organic products. Also on the same Street Rue Lacépède when you go up a little bit there is a very good bakery and a Picard Supermarket where you can buy ready-made meal which are very good quality and value for money. If you continue stra"	"Some information concerning the atmosphere and environment around the house: My studio is located in the heart of Paris, Latin Quarter; near the Pantheon, Notre Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg Gardens, Botanical Gardens (one of the oldest gardens of Europe)... The Metro Stations are very close to the house, only 2 minute walk. Area: very nice and lively, convenient, quite, near to a lot of attractions, National Museum. There are many stores, supermarkets, food markets, international restaurants. Ernest Hemingway had lived here, perhaps, he had diner in these restaurants, I think!...  There is a restaurant called ""Jardin des Pâtes"" just in front when you go out of the building on the right, it has a very good atmosphere and offers delicious food, made with organic products. Also on the same Street Rue Lacépède when you go up a little bit there is a very good bakery and a Picard Supermarket where you can buy ready-made meal which are very good quality and value for money. If you continue stra"
22303	the bedroom is not very large ( around 13m2 ) but is very quiet, giving  on the backyard.. The bed  (1m20) can accept 2 persons ( better for a couple) . A modern bathroom , a large linving-room for the breakfast... The flat  benefits of a privileged setting  in the heart of the student quarter ans his narrow streets on the hill Sainte Geneviève, at two minutes from Mouffetard, the Pantheon, the garden of luxembourg...	"close to mouffetard market or the Pantheon, in a nice parisian flat (75m2), this bedroom is peaceful and warmful. You share the kitchen, bathroom and dining room... and you are welcome as a guest, not as a client by me...  the bedroom is not very large ( around 13m2 ) but is very quiet, giving  on the backyard.. The bed  (1m20) can accept 2 persons ( better for a couple) . A modern bathroom , a large linving-room for the breakfast... The flat  benefits of a privileged setting  in the heart of the student quarter ans his narrow streets on the hill Sainte Geneviève, at two minutes from Mouffetard, the Pantheon, the garden of luxembourg... the guests have access   to a shared bathroom and to the living-room for the breakfast.  No meal in the bedroom please.  It's a ""Bed &Breakfast"". There is a lot of little and cheap restaurants  in the area. Make the most of Paris!   I am living in the flat and I am always glad to exchange with travellers.... Breakfast is very often the  best moment for "
22304	Studio idéalement situé, à la frontière du 5e arrondissement (quartier Latin) !	Studio tout équipé, à 2min de la rue Mouffetard / 5min de 3 stations de métro (5, 6, 7). Nombreux bus et noctiliens! Quartier typique, animé, nombreux restaurants et bars dans la rue Mouffetard/ Quartier Latin. Studio donnant sur cour et donc calme ! Studio idéalement situé, à la frontière du 5e arrondissement (quartier Latin) ! Nombreuses lignes de métro, bus 47 et 91, station de taxi, vélib, autolib et noctilien (N01 - circulaire intérieure) à 1min de l'appartement! 1er étage d'un bel immeuble donnant sur une cour lumineuse et très calme, à 1min du métro Les Gobelins et 5min de la place d'Italie (métro 5, 6 et 7). A seulement 15min à pied du Panthéon et du jardin des Plantes, on trouve de nombreux bars et restaurants à proximité, et la fameuse rue Mouffetard à 2min à pied! 1min du Métro Les Gobelins et 5min de la place d'Italie (métro 5, 6 et 7). Bus 47 et 91, station de taxi, vélib, autolib et noctilien (N01 - circulaire intérieure) à 1min de l'appartement!
22305	Cosy one bedroom apartment, 30-seconde walk from the Rue Mouffetard, 8-minute walk from the Panthéon, in a very quiet street of the Quartier Latin. Authentic parisian style. If you want to experience a french historical village in the middle of Paris, you must choose this place ! 2 people can sleep in this apartment (1 queen size bed, perfect for a couple). Subway : Censier-Daubenton (line 7). Surface area : 570 ft2 / 53 m2. 1st floor. Very sunny. Huge (website hidden), washing machine, dishwasher, towels, bed-linen etc.. Full equipped Kitchen. In the Quartier latin (Paris 5ème), you will act like a parisian : enjoy cafes, restaurants, terraces, open Markets, book shop, fashion. And from this apartment, you can go everywhere in Paris by feet or bicycle (vélib') !	Cosy one bedroom apartment, 30-seconde walk from the Rue Mouffetard, 8-minute walk from the Panthéon, in a very quiet street of the Quartier Latin. Authentic parisian style. If you want to experience a french historical village in the middle of Paris, you must choose this place ! 2 people can sleep in this apartment (1 queen size bed, perfect for a couple). Subway : Censier-Daubenton (line 7). Surface area : 570 ft2 / 53 m2. 1st floor. Very sunny. Huge (website hidden), washing machine, dishwasher, towels, bed-linen etc.. Full equipped Kitchen. In the Quartier latin (Paris 5ème), you will act like a parisian : enjoy cafes, restaurants, terraces, open Markets, book shop, fashion. And from this apartment, you can go everywhere in Paris by feet or bicycle (vélib') !
22306	"This charming and well located 25 square meters (approx. 258 sqft) 1 bedrom apartment is located rue Tournefort in the 5th arrondissement, only a few steps from the rue Mouffetard higly known for its night life and its restaurants and not so far from Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain des Prés, the Jardin des Plantes and Luxembourg gardens.  It is on the 3rd French floor of a 20th century building with elevator. It has a very nice view overlooking the roofs of Paris and a sunny courtyard.  It will offer you all the modern confort and can welcome up to 2 people. Completely renovated in 2008, it is equiped with a mix of contemporary and antics furnishers. This is the perfect place for a business trip or for a couple who wants to discover Paris and live in Paris as a real Parisian. It is served by the metro station ""Place Monge"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - Internati"	"This charming and well located 25 square meters (approx. 258 sqft) 1 bedrom apartment is located rue Tournefort in the 5th arrondissement, only a few steps from the rue Mouffetard higly known for its night life and its restaurants and not so far from Saint-Michel, Saint-Germain des Prés, the Jardin des Plantes and Luxembourg gardens.  It is on the 3rd French floor of a 20th century building with elevator. It has a very nice view overlooking the roofs of Paris and a sunny courtyard.  It will offer you all the modern confort and can welcome up to 2 people. Completely renovated in 2008, it is equiped with a mix of contemporary and antics furnishers. This is the perfect place for a business trip or for a couple who wants to discover Paris and live in Paris as a real Parisian. It is served by the metro station ""Place Monge"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Elevator - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - Internati"
22307	A 100m de Notre Dame et du Quartier Latin, appartement idéal pour un couple ou petite famille qui recherche espace et confort : double séjour spacieux et lumineux avec un canapé-lit, chambre cosy sur cour silencieuse, baignoire, WC indépendantes, cuisine toute équipée. Métro, parking, commerces & restaurants au pied de l'immeuble! L'appartement est entièrement à votre disposition. Nous n'avons malheureusement pas la chance d'avoir 2 appartements à Paris :-) Nous vous laissons les clés de chez nous lorsque nous sommes en voyage. Nous n'aurons donc à priori pas l'occasion de vous rencontrer... Mais n'hésitez pas à nous laisser un petit message. La concierge de l'immeuble s'occupera de vous recevoir dans les meilleures conditions ! Visitez la cathédrale Notre-Dame à deux pas de l'appartement (idéalement tôt le matin pour éviter le monde). Promenez-vous sur les quais de Seine et allez jusqu'au jardin des Plantes. Arrêtez-vous à la grande mosquée pour boire un thé à la menthe avec les meill	A 100m de Notre Dame et du Quartier Latin, appartement idéal pour un couple ou petite famille qui recherche espace et confort : double séjour spacieux et lumineux avec un canapé-lit, chambre cosy sur cour silencieuse, baignoire, WC indépendantes, cuisine toute équipée. Métro, parking, commerces & restaurants au pied de l'immeuble! A 100m de Notre Dame et du Quartier Latin, appartement idéal pour un couple ou petite famille qui recherche espace et confort : double séjour spacieux et lumineux avec un canapé-lit, chambre cosy sur cour silencieuse, baignoire, WC indépendantes, cuisine toute équipée. Métro, parking, commerces & restaurants au pied de l'immeuble! L'appartement est entièrement à votre disposition. Nous n'avons malheureusement pas la chance d'avoir 2 appartements à Paris :-) Nous vous laissons les clés de chez nous lorsque nous sommes en voyage. Nous n'aurons donc à priori pas l'occasion de vous rencontrer... Mais n'hésitez pas à nous laisser un petit message. La concierge de 
22308	It is a 35m^2 studio with independent toilet and kitchen. It is shared by 3 girls(including me) and we are renting out 2 single beds for your stay in Paris. It is at the 3rd floor of old Parisian building, without elevator. It is definitely the best location to experience the life of Parisian!	ONLY FOR GIRLS!! A warm place for your stay in Paris! Located at the 5th arrondissement of Paris, it is a great location where you can explore the historical center of Paris. Monuments and great scenery are within reach.   It is a 35m^2 studio with independent toilet and kitchen. It is shared by 3 girls(including me) and we are renting out 2 single beds for your stay in Paris. It is at the 3rd floor of old Parisian building, without elevator. It is definitely the best location to experience the life of Parisian! There is a direct transport RER B Luxembourg from airport CDG airport.  I won't be able to here with you guys while one of my roomate is very friendly and she will tell you more about Paris if you need help! But she won't be at home most of the time because she need to work everyday. Our studio is just next to Panthéon, 3 mins walk from Jardin du Luxembourg and the river side of Seine, and 5 mins walk from Notre-Dame! There are library, museums e.g.Musee de Cluny, cafes and bar
22309	Charming apartment with exposed beams (5th floor without elevator) in the heart of Paris in front of the University of Jussieu. Important: we have a cat in the appartement. So, our guests must like animals and feel confortable about cleaning the litter cat.  Very lively neighborhood, with bars, wineries, restaurants, fast food, supermarkets (Franprix, Carrefour City, Carrefour Marcket and stores), market, clothing stores, decorating, etc.. A few steps from the Pantheon and the Collège de France. A 2 minute walk to the Jardin des Plantes and 10 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg and Notre-Dame de Paris.	Charming apartment with exposed beams (5th floor without elevator) in the heart of Paris in front of the University of Jussieu. Important: we have a cat in the appartement. So, our guests must like animals and feel confortable about cleaning the litter cat.  Very lively neighborhood, with bars, wineries, restaurants, fast food, supermarkets (Franprix, Carrefour City, Carrefour Marcket and stores), market, clothing stores, decorating, etc.. A few steps from the Pantheon and the Collège de France. A 2 minute walk to the Jardin des Plantes and 10 minutes from the Jardin du Luxembourg and Notre-Dame de Paris.
22310	Je vous propose mon petit, mais confortable studio de 15m2 situé dans le quartier du Panthéon au cœur du quartier Latin de Paris dans le 5e arrondissement. Situé plein sud dans une rue calme, mon appartement est au 3e étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble sécurisé ( digicodes). L'appartement dispose d'une pièce principale avec un lit deux places confortable, ainsi qu'un grand bureau faisant office de table à manger pour deux. L'appartement est assez calme car il est bien isolé : double vitrage. Le chauffage est électrique. Vous trouverez à votre disposition un micro-onde, un four, frigo et deux plaques électriques pour faire votre cuisine. L'espace cuisine séparé est très petit. c'est le cas également de la salle de bain qui dispose d'une fenêtre( douche, wc et lavabo).  L'appartement dispose de la WIFI. L'appartement ne dispose pas de machine à laver, de télévision. Vous serez idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, à pied, vélo ou transport en commun. Le RER B Luxembourg se situe à 5  minu	Je vous propose mon petit, mais confortable studio de 15m2 situé dans le quartier du Panthéon au cœur du quartier Latin de Paris dans le 5e arrondissement. Situé plein sud dans une rue calme, mon appartement est au 3e étage sans ascenseur d'un immeuble sécurisé ( digicodes). L'appartement dispose d'une pièce principale avec un lit deux places confortable, ainsi qu'un grand bureau faisant office de table à manger pour deux. L'appartement est assez calme car il est bien isolé : double vitrage. Le chauffage est électrique. Vous trouverez à votre disposition un micro-onde, un four, frigo et deux plaques électriques pour faire votre cuisine. L'espace cuisine séparé est très petit. c'est le cas également de la salle de bain qui dispose d'une fenêtre( douche, wc et lavabo).  L'appartement dispose de la WIFI. L'appartement ne dispose pas de machine à laver, de télévision. Vous serez idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, à pied, vélo ou transport en commun. Le RER B Luxembourg se situe à 5  minu
22311	"Very quiet, clean,  sunny,  brand new renoved flat on the fifth floor with ELEVATOR, in a very secure XIX century building just near Jardin des Plantes, place Monge and French Village Mouffetard in the heart of the V° arrondissement.  The flat is composed of a living room with double sofa-bed, a new red fully equipped kitchen, dining table. One large bed room with a comfy queen size bed (160x200 cm), storage, typical parisian fire place.   A Bathroom with tube/shower and toilets. Perfect from 2 to 4 Guests, one / two couples or one couple with one teenager or two children below 10.  Furniture : sheets, towels,  bed linen, expresso coffee machine, dishwasher, fridge, heating system, kettle, microwave, oven , hair dryer provided, iron and board, Wireless speed line internet connection included in the price; International TV Channels. Baby bed available upon request. It is in a very ""parisian"" neighbourhood, with lot of magasins, supermarkets, food markets, restaurants and brasseries and "	"Very quiet, clean,  sunny,  brand new renoved flat on the fifth floor with ELEVATOR, in a very secure XIX century building just near Jardin des Plantes, place Monge and French Village Mouffetard in the heart of the V° arrondissement.  The flat is composed of a living room with double sofa-bed, a new red fully equipped kitchen, dining table. One large bed room with a comfy queen size bed (160x200 cm), storage, typical parisian fire place.   A Bathroom with tube/shower and toilets. Perfect from 2 to 4 Guests, one / two couples or one couple with one teenager or two children below 10.  Furniture : sheets, towels,  bed linen, expresso coffee machine, dishwasher, fridge, heating system, kettle, microwave, oven , hair dryer provided, iron and board, Wireless speed line internet connection included in the price; International TV Channels. Baby bed available upon request. It is in a very ""parisian"" neighbourhood, with lot of magasins, supermarkets, food markets, restaurants and brasseries and "
22312	This 16m2 (approx. 170 sq. ft.) mezzanine studio apartment with a northern exposure is located on the first floor of a 19th century building. A coded security system and an intercom protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens into the living room and the open kitchen; to the right are the bathroom and toilet and the mezzanine area. The 12m2 (approx. 125 sq. ft.) living room has a window overlooking the courtyard. It is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, a table bar, three chairs, small built-in closets, TV, a high-speed Internet connection, a stool and a double-size bed in the mezzanine area.  The open kitchen has two electric burners, a refrigerator, a micro wave, and a coffee maker. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, a toilet and a washbasin.  The nearest metro station is Place Monge (L7). Heat and hot water are both electric and individually metered. For rent, furnished & charming studio in a quiet 19th building closed to Pantheon and Mouffetard street, kitchene	This 16m2 (approx. 170 sq. ft.) mezzanine studio apartment with a northern exposure is located on the first floor of a 19th century building. A coded security system and an intercom protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens into the living room and the open kitchen; to the right are the bathroom and toilet and the mezzanine area. The 12m2 (approx. 125 sq. ft.) living room has a window overlooking the courtyard. It is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, a table bar, three chairs, small built-in closets, TV, a high-speed Internet connection, a stool and a double-size bed in the mezzanine area.  The open kitchen has two electric burners, a refrigerator, a micro wave, and a coffee maker. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, a toilet and a washbasin.  The nearest metro station is Place Monge (L7). Heat and hot water are both electric and individually metered. For rent, furnished & charming studio in a quiet 19th building closed to Pantheon and Mouffetard street, kitchene
22313	Charming 2/3 parts of 45m2 on the top floor of an old building. Very beautiful open views over the rooftops of the Latin Quarter. Conveniently located by the metro (censier daubenton, line 7) in one of the most sought after areas of Paris. Piano lounge, kitchen dining room, bedroom with double bed. Bathed in sunlight from morning to night (double expostition east / west), and very quiet. 8 meters of balconies (in bedroom and living room). In the living room there may be a bed, but I warn you that this is an extra bed because there are no shutters (ideal baby or young child). I also specified that the building has no elevator and we are the 5th and last floor. A few steps from the shops of the Rue Mouffetard, you will find within 2 minutes walk: 4 butchers, four bakers, 4 cheese, 4 wine cellars (wine shop), 30 restaurants etc. ...... A 15 minute walk or 5 minutes by bus, you will have before the cathedral of Notre Dame. The apartment is equipped with wi-fi, washing machine, new kitchen 	Charming 2/3 parts of 45m2 on the top floor of an old building. Very beautiful open views over the rooftops of the Latin Quarter. Conveniently located by the metro (censier daubenton, line 7) in one of the most sought after areas of Paris. Piano lounge, kitchen dining room, bedroom with double bed. Bathed in sunlight from morning to night (double expostition east / west), and very quiet. 8 meters of balconies (in bedroom and living room). In the living room there may be a bed, but I warn you that this is an extra bed because there are no shutters (ideal baby or young child). I also specified that the building has no elevator and we are the 5th and last floor. A few steps from the shops of the Rue Mouffetard, you will find within 2 minutes walk: 4 butchers, four bakers, 4 cheese, 4 wine cellars (wine shop), 30 restaurants etc. ...... A 15 minute walk or 5 minutes by bus, you will have before the cathedral of Notre Dame. The apartment is equipped with wi-fi, washing machine, new kitchen 
22314	Beautiful ancient apartment	We are four french students (and a very cute cat) living in a beautiful ancient apartment in the heart of Paris (latin neighborhood). If you want to discover the city in an original way by living with locals, you want to come at our place ! Beautiful ancient apartment We will still be living in the apartment with you but the room we are renting is private. We are 4 young students and would be happy to show you around the nice neighborhood ! One of the best and most animated neighborhood in Paris : the latin neighborhood. 2min walk from the apartment and you have a large choice of bars and restaurants (we'll indicate you the best ones!). 2min walk from the metro Place Monge (M7) and 5min walk from Cardinal Lemoine (M10). Many buses closeby We have two connecting rooms : if you are four visitors and need two rooms, it is possible.
22315	In a modern building, with wood on the floor, bay windows and a balcony. The flat is at the 10th floor with an amazing view on Paris. It's is so central that you could walk to Notre Dame or the Quartier Latin. Direct trains will take you to the king land of Versailles!	Room with balcony for a single or a couple. Nearby the Quartier Latin neighborhood. Quiet and bright, kitchen a bathroom fully equipped. English, Italian and Russian spoken. Possibility to rent a double children bedroom. In a modern building, with wood on the floor, bay windows and a balcony. The flat is at the 10th floor with an amazing view on Paris. It's is so central that you could walk to Notre Dame or the Quartier Latin. Direct trains will take you to the king land of Versailles! Wi-Fi, washing machine. Tourist informations, breakfast. 5 minutes walk to the most ancient Parisian garden the Jardin des Plantes ((website hidden)) and 10 minutes walking on the river side to Notre Dame and one of the oldest University in Europe : La Sorbonne ((website hidden)). You can rent a bicycle and go the Victor Hugo house near one of the most beautiful square in Paris (Place des Vosges) or to the Picasso Museum. Nearby buses, subway and railway stations direct to the Chateau de Versailles. Come
22316	Situated on the Quai de la Tournelle with windows overlooking a tranquil courtyard, this apartment is located deep in the Latin Quarter of Paris with the incredible Notre Dame cathedral and all of its historic neighbours. You’re minutes away from the tranquil floating islands of Île Saint-Louis and Île de la Cité, and just a short walk away from the historical Jewish Quarter of Le Marais and its sizzling schwarmas. In this one bedroom, one bathroom apartment, sleek glass design and chrome surfaces marry plush furnishings and aquamarine blues, offering up an adorable apartment that’s as comfortable as your favourite (and stylish) sweater. With its chic spotlights, draping curtains, flat-screen TV and gleaming glass surfaces, the sitting room is deliciously stylish. Grab a book from the groaning bookcases and curl up on the sofa, or set up shop on the work desk and make use of the Wi-Fi internet access. If you fancy cooking during your stay, there’s a fully equipped and stylishly renovat	Situated on the Quai de la Tournelle with windows overlooking a tranquil courtyard, this apartment is located deep in the Latin Quarter of Paris with the incredible Notre Dame cathedral and all of its historic neighbours.  Situated on the Quai de la Tournelle with windows overlooking a tranquil courtyard, this apartment is located deep in the Latin Quarter of Paris with the incredible Notre Dame cathedral and all of its historic neighbours. You’re minutes away from the tranquil floating islands of Île Saint-Louis and Île de la Cité, and just a short walk away from the historical Jewish Quarter of Le Marais and its sizzling schwarmas. In this one bedroom, one bathroom apartment, sleek glass design and chrome surfaces marry plush furnishings and aquamarine blues, offering up an adorable apartment that’s as comfortable as your favourite (and stylish) sweater. With its chic spotlights, draping curtains, flat-screen TV and gleaming glass surfaces, the sitting room is deliciously stylish. Gr
22317	Studio Pantheon is part of a 19th century typical Parisian building, ideally located between place du Pantheon and rue Mouffetard. Totally refurbished few months ago, this little candy box is aimed at people looking for quality stay in Paris typical historical area.  STUDIO PANTHEON IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests: 2  - Size: 258 Sq Ft or 24 m2  - Floor: 1st  - Sleepings: 1 Queen size super quality folding sofa  - Bathroom: 1 shower with heated towel rank  - Kitchen: Built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - Electronics: LCD TV  - Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV, IP Phone  NEIGHBORHOODS  - 5 minute walk from place du Pantheon, rue Mouffetard, 7 minutes from Boulevard St Michel and La Sorbonne. Convenience stores and market, rue Mouffetard  TRANSPORTATIONS  Nearest metro stations  - Place Monge  Nearest Taxi Stations  - Rue Soufflot  Nearest Velib stations  - 20 Rue de l'Estrapade 	Studio Pantheon is part of a 19th century typical Parisian building, ideally located between place du Pantheon and rue Mouffetard. Totally refurbished few months ago, this little candy box is aimed at people looking for quality stay in Paris typical historical area.  STUDIO PANTHEON IN A NUTSHELL  - Number of guests: 2  - Size: 258 Sq Ft or 24 m2  - Floor: 1st  - Sleepings: 1 Queen size super quality folding sofa  - Bathroom: 1 shower with heated towel rank  - Kitchen: Built in appliances and fixtures, microwave, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster.  - Electronics: LCD TV  - Connections: Hi-speed Internet, Wifi, Cable TV, IP Phone  NEIGHBORHOODS  - 5 minute walk from place du Pantheon, rue Mouffetard, 7 minutes from Boulevard St Michel and La Sorbonne. Convenience stores and market, rue Mouffetard  TRANSPORTATIONS  Nearest metro stations  - Place Monge  Nearest Taxi Stations  - Rue Soufflot  Nearest Velib stations  - 20 Rue de l'Estrapade 
22318	"This little studio is perfect for those who want to enjoy the city, go out frequently and see Paris. It is small, around 15m2 but convenient and cheaper than any hotel nearby.  It is 2 minutes from Cardinal Lemoine (line 10), and Place Monge (line 7) and 5 minutes from RER B Luxembourg. Lots of buses around. The appartement is on the second floor in a typicall parisian building where both Verlaine et Hemingway lived! (check the plates on the wall). There is a convertible bed for 2, a little desk and a dressing where you can leave you clothes.  Sheets and towels are at your disposal. The kitchen is fully equiped, with a micro wave, heating plates, a fridge and kettle for making coffee and tea. There is a separate toilet in the entry with it's own lavatory.  In the shower you have everything you need. Please note there is no TV and I have installed a wifi connexion by USB key (clé 3G /4G ) (you  can also connect from any ""café"" in the Place de la Contrescarpe on their wifi).  Please note"	The studio is in the heart of the Quartier Latin, between Rue Mouffetard and Place de la Contrescarpe, next to the Panthéon. You can walk from there to Luxembourg and many other parks and museums. Location is very convenient. This little studio is perfect for those who want to enjoy the city, go out frequently and see Paris. It is small, around 15m2 but convenient and cheaper than any hotel nearby.  It is 2 minutes from Cardinal Lemoine (line 10), and Place Monge (line 7) and 5 minutes from RER B Luxembourg. Lots of buses around. The appartement is on the second floor in a typicall parisian building where both Verlaine et Hemingway lived! (check the plates on the wall). There is a convertible bed for 2, a little desk and a dressing where you can leave you clothes.  Sheets and towels are at your disposal. The kitchen is fully equiped, with a micro wave, heating plates, a fridge and kettle for making coffee and tea. There is a separate toilet in the entry with it's own lavatory.  In the 
22319	"Bonjour !I am Maxime and I rent the entire apartment.Let me present you my lovely apartment !Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in a very safe, clean & quiet building.This comfortable apartment features with :-TV-a internet connection,-fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, electric kettle, washing machineetc),-washing maching / dryer-bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)- it has a huge and very comfortable room and a real (bed) convertible couch in the living room for 2 extra personsThanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer. Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone.I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of (website hidden) maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home.The apartment is within a short walking distance from :-the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden-the art ce"	"Bonjour !I am Maxime and I rent the entire apartment.Let me present you my lovely apartment !Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in a very safe, clean & quiet building.This comfortable apartment features with :-TV-a internet connection,-fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, electric kettle, washing machineetc),-washing maching / dryer-bathroom with full bath and overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...)- it has a huge and very comfortable room and a real (bed) convertible couch in the living room for 2 extra personsThanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer. Building equiped with 2 doors, 1 security code and an interphone.I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of (website hidden) maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home.The apartment is within a short walking distance from :-the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden-the art ce"
22320	Cozy two-room apartment (on the 6th floor walk up)  with lovely views over Paris rooftops, in a nice 19th century building in the historic Latin Quarter (5th arrondissement).   The apartment is clean and sunny. It has white walls, a private bathroom and a kitchenette (newly redone). The flat is 215 square feet.   You are 2 minutes walk to the Luxembourg Gardens and Pantheon.  There are many wonderful shops, restaurants, cafés and outdoor markets in the neighborhood. Supermarkets ara a short walk around : Monoprix, Franprix, DIA... Ideal for student.  (The books you see in the photos will be removed and the shelves emptied.) The apartment is also at walking distance from St. Germain-des-Près and Montparnasse, as well as language schools (Alliance Française, Sorbonne and Institut Catholic).   The kitchen is equipped with microwave, oven, small stove, refrigerator, table and tableware.   Towels and sheets are available upon request. The bedroom is furnished with a single bed, a desk, shel	Cozy two-room apartment (on the 6th floor walk up)  with lovely views over Paris rooftops, in a nice 19th century building in the historic Latin Quarter (5th arrondissement).   The apartment is clean and sunny. It has white walls, a private bathroom and a kitchenette (newly redone). The flat is 215 square feet.   You are 2 minutes walk to the Luxembourg Gardens and Pantheon.  There are many wonderful shops, restaurants, cafés and outdoor markets in the neighborhood. Supermarkets ara a short walk around : Monoprix, Franprix, DIA... Ideal for student.  (The books you see in the photos will be removed and the shelves emptied.) The apartment is also at walking distance from St. Germain-des-Près and Montparnasse, as well as language schools (Alliance Française, Sorbonne and Institut Catholic).   The kitchen is equipped with microwave, oven, small stove, refrigerator, table and tableware.   Towels and sheets are available upon request. The bedroom is furnished with a single bed, a desk, shel
22321		20m2 flat in the 5th district, close to the quays and Notre-Dame.  Bright, cosy, nice view.
22322	"Lovely small room all equiped for a short stay in Paris for 2 people max. Perfectly located, a couple of minutes away from the well-known ""jardins du luxembourg"" (fifth arondissement). For your comfort you will find: a queen size bed, a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, and a small desk. The room is small but located in a nice building, it is sunny and clean. The neighborhood is very quiet. Toilets are in the corridor.  This is the place for lovely walkouts in Paris. You are just a few minutes away from the quartier Latin, Saint Michel, Montparnasse and rue mouffetard. You can walk within a couple of minutes to the jardins du luxembourg and the panthéon. Ideal to discover Paris for the weekend! For transportation convenience, the room is two hundred meters away from RER B station ""Luxembourg"". You can travel pretty much to eveywhere from there. Lots of velibs stations as well, restaurants, bars, and groceries. Lively places not far, even in the weekend."	"Lovely small room all equiped for a short stay in Paris for 2 people max. Perfectly located, a couple of minutes away from the well-known ""jardins du luxembourg"" (fifth arondissement). For your comfort you will find: a queen size bed, a shower, a small kitchen with a fridge, and a small desk. The room is small but located in a nice building, it is sunny and clean. The neighborhood is very quiet. Toilets are in the corridor.  This is the place for lovely walkouts in Paris. You are just a few minutes away from the quartier Latin, Saint Michel, Montparnasse and rue mouffetard. You can walk within a couple of minutes to the jardins du luxembourg and the panthéon. Ideal to discover Paris for the weekend! For transportation convenience, the room is two hundred meters away from RER B station ""Luxembourg"". You can travel pretty much to eveywhere from there. Lots of velibs stations as well, restaurants, bars, and groceries. Lively places not far, even in the weekend."
22323	Le studio que je propose est unique du fait de son merveilleux emplacement et de son coût raisonnable.  Idéal pour étudiants, touristes et autres.  	Je loue un charmant studio très cosy et très calme de 25m2 en plein coeur du 5eme arrondissement de Paris dans le quartier de la Sorbonne. Proche de toutes commodités ouvertes à toutes heures Il est bien équipé. Le studio que je propose est unique du fait de son merveilleux emplacement et de son coût raisonnable.  Idéal pour étudiants, touristes et autres.  Accès a la TV, internet, imprimante, bibliothèque avec livres à votre disposition.  Le quartier est animé et réveillé a toute heure.  Mais l'emplacement côté cour du studio permet un calme irréprochable.  Ligne 10: Cluny la Sorbonne RER C et B: Saint-Michel
22324	In a luxurious residence, lovely furnished studio south of 20 m², fully renovated. In the heart of Paris and close to the Rue Mouffetard, in a very safe area with its various shops and the Metro-Censier Daubenton is 3 minutes, as well as various bus to 2 minutes.This studio furnished with modern furniture has an entrance, a bathroom with teakwood floor (including: column shower with massage jets, toilet, washing machine, and a large glass bowl), a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator, stove, range hood, dishwasher, microwave / oven. The stay at when it consists of a wooden floor, a large sofa bed 2 places, a hi-fi, internet, a double closet and double glazing with electric shutters. A balcony with table and chairs are there to relax. Sheets and towels are provided.The studio is ideal to vist the monuments and museums of the French capital. Located in the Latin Quarter, near to the Pantheon and walking distance from the Luxembourg Gardens, Saint Germain des Prés, Odéon, Saint-	In a luxurious residence, lovely furnished studio south of 20 m², fully renovated. In the heart of Paris and close to the Rue Mouffetard, in a very safe area with its various shops and the Metro-Censier Daubenton is 3 minutes, as well as various bus to 2 minutes.This studio furnished with modern furniture has an entrance, a bathroom with teakwood floor (including: column shower with massage jets, toilet, washing machine, and a large glass bowl), a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator, stove, range hood, dishwasher, microwave / oven. The stay at when it consists of a wooden floor, a large sofa bed 2 places, a hi-fi, internet, a double closet and double glazing with electric shutters. A balcony with table and chairs are there to relax. Sheets and towels are provided.The studio is ideal to vist the monuments and museums of the French capital. Located in the Latin Quarter, near to the Pantheon and walking distance from the Luxembourg Gardens, Saint Germain des Prés, Odéon, Saint-
22325	Perfect location near Seine River banks, in between historical Notre Dame de Paris and Pantheon, in famous Latin Quarter and facing Ile Saint louis. Great layout for a large studio with beddings on each extremities of the living room. Great fresh green view on inner gardens.	Cute flat Rue Pontoise, in between Notre Dame de Paris and Pantheon, in Latin Quarter. On 1st floor its 38Sqm offer a large living room with a folding sofabed and a double bed, bathroom, equipped kitchen, cupboards and view on green fresh gardens. Perfect location near Seine River banks, in between historical Notre Dame de Paris and Pantheon, in famous Latin Quarter and facing Ile Saint louis. Great layout for a large studio with beddings on each extremities of the living room. Great fresh green view on inner gardens. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly. Free Internet/Wifi connection will enable you to stay connected. We will give you a warm welcome on the spot in order to help you settle down in the best way and we will be happy to reply to all of your questions and give you the best advices. Perfectly located behind Notre Dame de Paris, near the banks of Seine River, it will open you t
22326	The flat is very cosy and comfortable, freshly renovated with luxury fittings, furniture and natural materials used to create a relaxing atmosphere. There is a lot of storage space, and this makes it easy and comfortable for 2 to 4 people to enjoy the place.  The flat is bright, ultra quiet and safe, overlooking a pleasant courtyard with vegetation and flowers.  It has 4 beds, one double bed (140 x 190) (in semi – mezzanine : 4 steps) and a sofa bed (140 x 200). It consists of:  - A large living room overlooking a leafy courtyard, containing a large wardrobe, a table and chairs, a large sofa, a TV and internet corner (also including telephone and DVD player) - An open and fully equipped kitchen,  - A semi mezzanine to be accessed via a fixed staircase (4 steps) and containing a double bed (140 x 190)  - A closed bathroom with a deluxe massage rain shower, sink, cupboards and 1 WC,  Bed linen and towels are provided, including toiletries, bathfoam / shampoo. High speed internet is avail	Ideally situated next to the quartier Latin and Jardin du Luxembourg. Full comfort and luxury amenities. Excellent public transport connections and plenty of convenience stores nearby  + walking distance from key city attractions. Just renovated. The flat is very cosy and comfortable, freshly renovated with luxury fittings, furniture and natural materials used to create a relaxing atmosphere. There is a lot of storage space, and this makes it easy and comfortable for 2 to 4 people to enjoy the place.  The flat is bright, ultra quiet and safe, overlooking a pleasant courtyard with vegetation and flowers.  It has 4 beds, one double bed (140 x 190) (in semi – mezzanine : 4 steps) and a sofa bed (140 x 200). It consists of:  - A large living room overlooking a leafy courtyard, containing a large wardrobe, a table and chairs, a large sofa, a TV and internet corner (also including telephone and DVD player) - An open and fully equipped kitchen,  - A semi mezzanine to be accessed via a fixed s
22327		Nous vous accueillons dans notre appart' parisien dans le 5ème arrondissement, sous les toits avec vue sur les tours de Notre-Dame, parfaitement placé pour visiter le coeur historique de Paris ! Salon + chambre, avec canapé dans le salon
22328	This 20m2 (approx. 210 sq. Ft.) Apartment with a southern exposure IS Located on the first floor of a beautiful 19th couryard. A coded security system and intercom year Protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens Into the living room with windows Two Then There Are The kitchen area, at the end are the bathroom and toilet area. The 16m2 (approx. 165 sq. Ft.) Has Two living room windows Overlooking the courtyard. It Is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, an armchair convertible bed, a table, two chairs, built-in closets, a high-speed Internet connection, cable TV. The Kitchen Has Two ceramic burners, a refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee maker. The bathroom with a shower Equipped IS, a toilet and a washbasin. The nearest metro station IS Luxembourg (RER B). Heat and hot water are electric and Both Individually metered. For rent, furnished & charming studio in a quiet building closed 19th to Pantheon and Luxembourg Park, kitchenette, shower, toilet. Ideal for a c	This 20m2 (approx. 210 sq. ft.) furnished & charming studio, with a southern exposure overlooking the beautiful courtyard, is located on the first floor of a 19th building close to Pantheon and Luxembourg Park.  This 20m2 (approx. 210 sq. Ft.) Apartment with a southern exposure IS Located on the first floor of a beautiful 19th couryard. A coded security system and intercom year Protect the main entrance gate. The entrance door opens Into the living room with windows Two Then There Are The kitchen area, at the end are the bathroom and toilet area. The 16m2 (approx. 165 sq. Ft.) Has Two living room windows Overlooking the courtyard. It Is furnished with a double-size sofa bed, an armchair convertible bed, a table, two chairs, built-in closets, a high-speed Internet connection, cable TV. The Kitchen Has Two ceramic burners, a refrigerator, a kettle, a toaster and a coffee maker. The bathroom with a shower Equipped IS, a toilet and a washbasin. The nearest metro station IS Luxembourg (RER 
22329	"Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in a very safe, clean & quiet building. This comfortable apartment features with : -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, electric kettle, etc), -bathroom with overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...) - it has a huge and very comfortable room with a real bedThanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer. Building equiped with 2 doors and 1 security code. I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part of town you'll find a fascinating mix of"	"Logement Located at the foot of ""La rue Mouffetard"", the 5th arrodissement in a very safe, clean & quiet building. This comfortable apartment features with : -a internet connection, -fully equipped kitchen (coffee maker, hotplates, microwave, electric kettle, etc), -bathroom with overhead shower (hairdryer, iron...) - it has a huge and very comfortable room with a real bedThanks to the old stone walls the apartment stays cool during summer. Building equiped with 2 doors and 1 security code. I supply fresh linnen, towels and a set of keys. City maps and all sorts of other useful information is also at your disposal. Just drop off your bags and make yourself home. The apartment is within a short walking distance from : -the Cathedral Notre Dame and the Luxembourg Garden -the art center of Beaubourg (Pompidou) and the Marais -the City Hall -Ile Saint Louis, -the Seine river -the Pantheon -the Arab World Institute and many other major landmarks. In this part of town you'll find a fascinati"
22330	Ce Studio est refait à neuf,  la hauteur au plafond est de +3m, la salle de bain présente une baignoire et le lit est kingsize. Pour les amateurs de piano celui ci est disponible. 	Très beau studio refait à neuf situé à 50m de la rue Mouffetard, de ses cafés, ses restaurants et ses bars. En marchant 2min de plus on arrive au Panthéon. Son emplacement parfait (rue calme) vous permettra de découvrir Paris de facon unique ! Ce Studio est refait à neuf,  la hauteur au plafond est de +3m, la salle de bain présente une baignoire et le lit est kingsize. Pour les amateurs de piano celui ci est disponible. En cas de soucis particuliers vous pourrez nous contacter a tout moment Le quartier est sans aucun doute un des plus animés de tout Paris. A quelques mètres se trouvent la place de la contrescarpe, la rue mouffetard, la place monge, le panthéon. L'accès aux quais de Seine se fait en 7min a pied, la rue des écoles menant vers Odéon a 10min. Ce studio a un emplacement parfait dans une rue très silencieuse mais a proximité immédiate des quartiers animés Le métro le plus proche est Plage monge ligne 7 ou cardinal lemoine ligne 10. De nombreux bus passent égalemenet (89 alla
22331		Un très joli et charmant studio, dans un des quartiers les plus chaleureux et les plus attractifs de Paris. Le quartier latin, chargé d’histoire, avec ses vieilles petites rues pleines d’agréments, tout près du Panthéon : promenades, visites, shopping, cafés, restaurants, tous les plaisirs sont proches pour un séjour agréable. Une grande pièce de 25 m2 très claire et agréablement décorée. Avec un large canapé convertible qui devient pour la nuit un grand lit très confortable. Un coin table et chaises pour prendre les repas. Une petite cuisine astucieusement aménagée pour que tout soit facile et pratique. Une petite salle de douche très fonctionnelle. L’appartement se situe au 2me étage d’un vieil immeuble calme et sécurisé.  A proximité de la station de métro « Place Monge » sur la ligne 7 et de la station « Cardinal Lemoine » sur la ligne 10, vous êtes proches de tous les autres plus beaux quartiers de Paris, Saint Germain des Prés, Notre Dame, Le Marais, etc… Tout pour réussir votre 
22332	***SPECIAL OFFER from the 8th to the 13th of april = 200 euros / night**** Classy and Comfortable Apartment to Sublet in the most Central and safe area in Paris   Located in the center of Paris In the Latin Quarter, less than 10 min away from Le Marais, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Montmartre, st Germain des près FOR Short stay only from 2 nights minimum to 2weeks Large and comfortable 80 m2 ( 861ft2 ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , high ceiling, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. The Flat is all minimal design, double living room with a big table where you can work or have an elegant dinner (6people)  •Bathroom with huge bath-tub (1,80m / 6 ft) •Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances :      - one sink      - Large micro-wave and oven with grill      - 4 burners gas stove and oven      - Washing machine with dryer      - Large fridge with independent freezer •Broadband Wifi Internet access (24 Mbps) for your laptop •Phone with free unlimited calls to more	***SPECIAL OFFER from the 8th to the 13th of april = 200 euros / night**** Classy and Comfortable Apartment to Sublet in the most Central and safe area in Paris   Located in the center of Paris In the Latin Quarter, less than 10 min away from Le Marais, Notre Dame, Le Louvre, Montmartre, st Germain des près FOR Short stay only from 2 nights minimum to 2weeks Large and comfortable 80 m2 ( 861ft2 ) Parisian Haussmann style apartment , high ceiling, elegant hardwood floor, huge windows and large fireplaces. The Flat is all minimal design, double living room with a big table where you can work or have an elegant dinner (6people)  •Bathroom with huge bath-tub (1,80m / 6 ft) •Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances :      - one sink      - Large micro-wave and oven with grill      - 4 burners gas stove and oven      - Washing machine with dryer      - Large fridge with independent freezer •Broadband Wifi Internet access (24 Mbps) for your laptop •Phone with free unlimited calls to more
22333		Situé au premier étage d’un petit immeuble en plein centre de Paris à 3 minutes de Notre-Dame, ce studio (18m2) calme et tout confort vous offre son coin cuisine équipée, un grand lit, une douche et WC séparés. Parfait pour un couple ! • Very_Short_Stays_Extra_Cost :  -> 1_Night = €48  -> 2_nights = €24 OPTIONS : • Late Check-In after 23h00 (11:00-pm) : €40  • Early Check-Out before 7h00 (7:00-am) : €40  • Cleaning_Lady during Stay : €24 / hour
22334	Appartement meublé par Architect, situé au  5ème arrondissement dans une rue très calme mais à côte de toute le commerce, restaurants, cinéma, etc. Il est à 100m du Panthéon et 200m du Jardin du Luxembourg. Il y a une line RER (Luxembourg) et 2 métros (Place Monge et Cardinal Lemoine), aussi les bus 84 et 89 sur la Place du Panthéon. Chambre avec double lit, salon avec un lit d'appoint, cuisine américaine, salle de bain avec (website hidden), wifi. Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes et Jardin de l'école Polytechnique, tout a côte! Deuxième étagé, sans ascenseurs. 	 Apartamento mobiliado por arquiteto, localizado no 5 º distrito, numa rua tranquila, mas todo o comércio costa, restaurantes, cinema, etc.  Fica a 100 metros do Panteão ea 200 metros dos Jardins de Luxemburgo. Há uma linha RER (Luxemburgo) e 2 metros (Place Monge e Cardinal Lemoine), como ônibus 84 e 89 na Place du Pantheon.  Quarto com cama de casal, sala de estar com uma cama extra, cozinha, banheiro com (website hidden), wi-fi.  Jardin du Luxembourg, Jardin des Plantes e Jardin de l'Ecole Polytechnique, tudo costa!  Segundo andar, sem elevador. 
22335	An independant bedroom quiet on sunny garden .  Bathroom with a bath and shower. and indépendant wc. You have all the accomadations,  bus subway , taxi aproximtly  Several restaurants are open late the night on champs elyses and you have typical french bistrots .indian japonaise italien and very good restaurants next  home you have a very good shopping with all the prestigious brand in the proximity and many inportants museums are in a conference near my home place. My flat is decorated with many paintings  16 éme until contemporing paintings. my job and my passion are my work restauration of paintings and polychrome woods. Many museums are near the home place. The geographic situation is one of the best located in Paris . If you arrive by plane you have AIR France bus available with all compagnies who will stop at etoile arc de Triomphe. 10 mn by feet from home  if you arrive by train all the subway stop at the station étoile at 10 my from my home place. WELCOM HOME AND ENJOY YOUR TRI	An independant bedroom quiet on sunny garden .  Bathroom with a bath and shower. and indépendant wc. You have all the accomadations,  bus subway , taxi aproximtly  Several restaurants are open late the night on champs elyses and you have typical french bistrots .indian japonaise italien and very good restaurants next  home you have a very good shopping with all the prestigious brand in the proximity and many inportants museums are in a conference near my home place. My flat is decorated with many paintings  16 éme until contemporing paintings. my job and my passion are my work restauration of paintings and polychrome woods. Many museums are near the home place. The geographic situation is one of the best located in Paris . If you arrive by plane you have AIR France bus available with all compagnies who will stop at etoile arc de Triomphe. 10 mn by feet from home  if you arrive by train all the subway stop at the station étoile at 10 my from my home place. WELCOM HOME AND ENJOY YOUR TRI
22336	IMPORTANT: We are renting only ONE room inside the appartment. We will be there during your stay: shared appartment, shared bathroom. The apartment consists of a large bright room with a sofa , flat screen TV , stereo - high speed WI -FI , telephone , electric shutters. The room opens onto a 10m2 terrace with 280 ° panoramic views of Paris ( Arc de Triomphe to the Defence. ) Recently built . The kitchen overlooks the living room, equipped with a refrigerator , microwave , oven , dishwasher , ceramic hob, Nespresso , toaster , dishes , dish machine. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, hairdryer available, towels are provided , of course. The room is located in the attic . You have all the space at the top for your comfort. The apartment has just been renovated, all the facilities are new and you will find all the comforts for a pleasant stay in Paris ! The area is very pleasant to live . Champs Elysées side you have all the restaurants, boutiques. Side avenue des Ternes you have a 	Chambre à louer dans un duplex de 50m2 (où nous vivons), idéalement situé à 100m de l'Arc de Triomphe et 2 min à pieds des Champs Élysées. Au dernier étage avec ascenseur, et une terrasse avec vue panoramique de la place de l'Etoile à la Défense. IMPORTANT: We are renting only ONE room inside the appartment. We will be there during your stay: shared appartment, shared bathroom. The apartment consists of a large bright room with a sofa , flat screen TV , stereo - high speed WI -FI , telephone , electric shutters. The room opens onto a 10m2 terrace with 280 ° panoramic views of Paris ( Arc de Triomphe to the Defence. ) Recently built . The kitchen overlooks the living room, equipped with a refrigerator , microwave , oven , dishwasher , ceramic hob, Nespresso , toaster , dishes , dish machine. The bathroom is equipped with a bathtub, hairdryer available, towels are provided , of course. The room is located in the attic . You have all the space at the top for your comfort. The apartment ha
22337	Lovers of Arts, culture, sport and nature, we took up residence in a sophisticated apartment reflecting these passions: the apartment is typically French with ancient pieces of furniture in an elegant building at a prestigious address (within 50m of the avenue Foch). Naturally, it is impeccable and present all the contemporary comfort. It is situated, in the cultural district of the right bank, near the biggest park in Paris (the Bois de Boulogne), in the Central Business District (within 100m of the Palais des Congrès and 10min from the Défense by public transport) at one of the main hubs for transport of the city (cf details in District). The apartment is like a house: very quiet (the bedroom is on a green private alley and the living room on an empty courtyard), well tempered and bright with large windows and volumes (130M2 and 4M of Height Under Ceiling).  You shall share with us 100M2, of whom a cosy privative chamber of 25M2 and 3 common rooms on 75M2 (cf. Access). You will enjoy	For a sophisticated person or couple, fancy apartment to share with us: Typically french (19th century) with the comfort of a contemporary house and many facilities of a luxury hotel. Ideally situated within Paris for business, tourism, leisure or sport activities. You will enjoy a 25M2 private bedroom bright, quiet and fully equipped (desk, queen size bed, dressing, smart TV HD web, safe, electric valet stand...), as 3 rooms shared (living room, bathroom, breakfast and cinema room, toilets). Lovers of Arts, culture, sport and nature, we took up residence in a sophisticated apartment reflecting these passions: the apartment is typically French with ancient pieces of furniture in an elegant building at a prestigious address (within 50m of the avenue Foch). Naturally, it is impeccable and present all the contemporary comfort. It is situated, in the cultural district of the right bank, near the biggest park in Paris (the Bois de Boulogne), in the Central Business District (within 100m of 
22338	Excellent emplacement, proche des monuments (musées, Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, Étoiles) du shopping, restaurants, cabarets, cinémas...  Direct pour le Château de Versailles. Logement très calme et clair. Toutes les commodités au pied de l'immeuble  Près de l'un des plus beaux marchés de Paris.	Joli 3 pièces (2 chambres) beaucoup de charme dans résidence fleurie et sécurisée, très calme. A 2 pas des Champs Élysées et des bords de Seine, une rue village! Élégant, confortable et spacieux pour 3 ou 4 personnes. Cuisine contemporaine très bien équipée, douche italienne, grands dressings dans chaque chambre. Excellent emplacement, proche des monuments (musées, Tour Eiffel, Trocadéro, Étoiles) du shopping, restaurants, cabarets, cinémas...  Direct pour le Château de Versailles. Logement très calme et clair. Toutes les commodités au pied de l'immeuble  Près de l'un des plus beaux marchés de Paris. Ligne 1, 6, 9 RER A et C plusieurs bus Accès facile pour les aéroports De bons commerces de bouche Une pâtisserie célèbre Métro Bus RER
22339	Grand studio de 30m2 en très bon etat. Il se compose d'une entree, d'une pièce a vivre avec lit pour deux personnes, canapé, tables, chaises et rangements. Le tout donnant sur un balcon. Grande salle de bain avec wc. La cuisine est séparée, elle est entierement equipée ( plaques, four, refrigerateur, machine a laver le linge...). L'appartement est équipée de wi fi, télévision, lecteur DVD, fer à repasser. L'immeuble est accessible aux personnes handicapées, il est également surveillés 24h/24 par un gardien et un maitre chien. Le quartier est desservi par la ligne 6 qui vous conduira directement à la Tour Eiffel, la ligne 2 qui vous amènera à Pigalle, Montmartre et la ligne 9 qui vous fera voyager aux Galeries Lafayette, Printemps et vers l'opéra. La ligne 2 et 9 permettent une correspondance rapide avec la ligne 1 qui dessert tout les quartiers à visiter . 4 stations autolib' et 3 stations velib' sont à dispositions en bas de l'appartement. Deus stations de Taxi sont situés à deux minu	Grand studio lumineux, dans une résidence de prestige situé à 2 pas de la place du Trocadéro, à 10 minutes à pieds de l'Arc de triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Le quartier est très animé. De nombreux magasins sont à votre disposition. Grand studio de 30m2 en très bon etat. Il se compose d'une entree, d'une pièce a vivre avec lit pour deux personnes, canapé, tables, chaises et rangements. Le tout donnant sur un balcon. Grande salle de bain avec wc. La cuisine est séparée, elle est entierement equipée ( plaques, four, refrigerateur, machine a laver le linge...). L'appartement est équipée de wi fi, télévision, lecteur DVD, fer à repasser. L'immeuble est accessible aux personnes handicapées, il est également surveillés 24h/24 par un gardien et un maitre chien. Le quartier est desservi par la ligne 6 qui vous conduira directement à la Tour Eiffel, la ligne 2 qui vous amènera à Pigalle, Montmartre et la ligne 9 qui vous fera voyager aux Galeries Lafayette, Printemps et vers l'opéra. La ligne 
22340	Welcome to rent my room and share it with my french roommates. One of them a operasinger (so you'll may hear some singing during the days). The bedroom has one bed but you could pull out an extra if you want an extra bed.   Hope you'll like it!	Located in the 16th, just next to l'Arc de Triumphe, a very safe area with everything you need nearby like supermarket and boulangerie. The apartment has washing machine, coffemaker, bathtub etc. And the metro is just one minute away. Welcome to rent my room and share it with my french roommates. One of them a operasinger (so you'll may hear some singing during the days). The bedroom has one bed but you could pull out an extra if you want an extra bed.   Hope you'll like it! You will have full acces to the kitchen and bathroom.
22341	Hi ! We hope you'll find yourselves just great in this 2 bedroom appartement + big and modern lounge.	Hello !! Looking for a nice, spacious, modern place to stay ?  I hope you'll find yourself as well as we do in this 100m2 flat near Champs Elysées :)  Happy holidays !  Hi ! We hope you'll find yourselves just great in this 2 bedroom appartement + big and modern lounge. You'll have full access to the house equipment, including 2 pianos, big TV, great Bose sound system, enough kitchen machines to make nespresso coffee in the morning, smoothie in the afternoon and bourgignon beef in the evening !  And of course there's the Wifi !  The plus: if you're nice and careful, there's even a working fireplace. Just need you and a bag of marshmallows :) We'll be glad to help you out on the what to do how and when,  We also have family living in the building who you can go and see for random questions, missing ingredients (you know, that person who'll give you that missing egg when you're baking a cake), or to have a glass of something. I guess you've already heard about the Champs Elysées and Arc 
22342		Studio fonctionnel, idéalement situé pour faire du tourisme à Paris : proche lignes 1,2,6,9, RER A (Étoile) et ligne 9 et RER C (Alma-Marceau)! Chambre cuisine et salle de bains. Accès internet WIFI. Cuisine équipée. 6 ème étage sans ascenseur.
22343	32m2  very easy to acces	Nice charming one bedroom, 6th floor with elevator, possible to sleep 3 persons, 10 min walking to the Eiffel Tower, a very exclusive place to stay, one bathroom, all confort  32m2  very easy to acces
22344	All of Paris at your command from this newly redecorated  penthouse 2-room small and cosy apartment.  One bedroom with comfortable folidng sofa, one living room with desk and wooden furniture (1940s).  Situated on the top floor (with elevator) of a pleasant and safe 1930s building on a quiet street located  just 5 minutes from the Etoile (Champs Elysées) metro station (lines 6, 2 and RER A). And easy access from airports and train stations.  The place primarily is my office but I often travel. The bedroom's comfortable sofa bed sleeps 1 or 2 people.  The apartment has windows on both sides, and typical view over Paris rooves and over an exceptional reservoir garden. The kitchen is well equipped - you can cook all you buy in neighboring shops. This is a safe, pleasant neighborhood, with restaurants, cafés, street markets, discos, food stores and Lenôtre bakery and caterer.  Dry breakfast goods are provided, + wireless Internet access. enjoy your trip! 	Paris is yours! from this small and cosy fully- equipped entire penthouse appartement located near Champs Elysées and place de l'Etoile.  Last floor with lift, safe area, many shops and public transport lines.  Pleasure, autonomy and safety! All of Paris at your command from this newly redecorated  penthouse 2-room small and cosy apartment.  One bedroom with comfortable folidng sofa, one living room with desk and wooden furniture (1940s).  Situated on the top floor (with elevator) of a pleasant and safe 1930s building on a quiet street located  just 5 minutes from the Etoile (Champs Elysées) metro station (lines 6, 2 and RER A). And easy access from airports and train stations.  The place primarily is my office but I often travel. The bedroom's comfortable sofa bed sleeps 1 or 2 people.  The apartment has windows on both sides, and typical view over Paris rooves and over an exceptional reservoir garden. The kitchen is well equipped - you can cook all you buy in neighboring shops. This 
22345	STANDING A very prestigious building. The Paris apartment is on the fifth and top floor with an elevator. It has a very beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. A balcony runs along the outside of the apartment in Paris. LAYOUT Apartment to rent in Paris of 110 m2 with a large living / dining room. It is very well furnished with a table that can accommodate up to 8 guests. The main bedroom has a double bed. A charming bathroom with a shower is en suite. The second bedroom has two single beds which can be pushed together to form a double bed. A small bathroom is accessible from this bedroom. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This very pleasant Paris rental flat is located in a superb district just steps away from the Champs-Elysées) and is an excellent “pied-à-terre” from which to discover a wonderful city.	A few steps away from the Grand Palais and the Champs-Elysées, in this Paris vacation apartment rental you will enjoy the quality and the good lifestyle of one of the most prestigious neighborhoods of the capital. STANDING A very prestigious building. The Paris apartment is on the fifth and top floor with an elevator. It has a very beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. A balcony runs along the outside of the apartment in Paris. LAYOUT Apartment to rent in Paris of 110 m2 with a large living / dining room. It is very well furnished with a table that can accommodate up to 8 guests. The main bedroom has a double bed. A charming bathroom with a shower is en suite. The second bedroom has two single beds which can be pushed together to form a double bed. A small bathroom is accessible from this bedroom. The kitchen is separated and fully equipped. This very pleasant Paris rental flat is located in a superb district just steps away from the Champs-Elysées) and is an excellent “pied-à-terre” fro
22346	This apartment is located in a beautiful parisian building in a quiet area, near the chic neighborood of Champs Elysees, Trocadero, Iena and Alma Marceau. Close to all amenities and transport. It is fully equipped (LCD TV, home cinema, cable, Internet) it has a sofa bed witch is available in booster 2 people and plenty of storage space. The apartment is tastefully furnished and all the modern comforts with a fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, oven, induction ..) and a large bathroom (showers, washer / dryer .. ). The room has a large dressing room, a desk and a comfortable bed for 2 people. The apartment overlooks a quiet inner courtyard and is located on a street that has a city market (G20) and many useful shops: bakery, pharmacy, Laundry, Nicolas, La Poste, Tobacco, Restaurants , Brasserie and bar .. Rent minimum of 1 week Possibility of leasing L'appartement est situé dans un bel immeuble au calme, à proximité du très chic quartier des Champs Elysées, Trocadéro, Iéna et	This apartment is located in a beautiful parisian building in a quiet area, near the chic neighborood of Champs Elysees, Trocadero, Iena and Alma Marceau. Close to all amenities and transport. It is fully equipped (LCD TV, home cinema, cable, Internet) it has a sofa bed witch is available in booster 2 people and plenty of storage space. The apartment is tastefully furnished and all the modern comforts with a fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, oven, induction ..) and a large bathroom (showers, washer / dryer .. ). The room has a large dressing room, a desk and a comfortable bed for 2 people. The apartment overlooks a quiet inner courtyard and is located on a street that has a city market (G20) and many useful shops: bakery, pharmacy, Laundry, Nicolas, La Poste, Tobacco, Restaurants , Brasserie and bar .. Rent minimum of 1 week Possibility of leasing L'appartement est situé dans un bel immeuble au calme, à proximité du très chic quartier des Champs Elysées, Trocadéro, Iéna et
22347	This is a newly furbished and delightfully decorated Parisian style apartment located just close to the Arch of triumph and the Champs Elysees, the truly epicenter of life in Paris.  Staying here you can enjoy a fascinating view of the Parisian rooftops and city heights.  You are literally at a stone’s throw away distance from all major Paris attractions.  The bedroom is spacious and airy with high ceiling and you will have a large double bed along with ample storage at the closet to keep your belongings. The living space is decorated with designer furniture, television and a large sofa bed that can accommodate the third guest to sleep. High speed internet connection is provided free to the guests all round the day.   The apartment kitchen is furnished to taste with all modern utensils and appliances for a comfort living. You would have all comfort equipments like washing machine, boiler, toaster, micro wave, hair dryer, iron, and many more. The apartment has a bathroom with toilets, a	This is a newly furbished and delightfully decorated Parisian style apartment located just close to the Arch of triumph and the Champs Elysees, the truly epicenter of life in Paris. This is a newly furbished and delightfully decorated Parisian style apartment located just close to the Arch of triumph and the Champs Elysees, the truly epicenter of life in Paris.  Staying here you can enjoy a fascinating view of the Parisian rooftops and city heights.  You are literally at a stone’s throw away distance from all major Paris attractions.  The bedroom is spacious and airy with high ceiling and you will have a large double bed along with ample storage at the closet to keep your belongings. The living space is decorated with designer furniture, television and a large sofa bed that can accommodate the third guest to sleep. High speed internet connection is provided free to the guests all round the day.   The apartment kitchen is furnished to taste with all modern utensils and appliances for a 
22348	Location minimum 5 nuits à partir de Juillet jusqu'au 25 août Ce petit nid douillet vue sur l'Arc de Triomphe est situé dans une rue au calme et en plein coeur de Paris! idéal pour découvrir facilement la capitale et faire beaucoup de visites à pied, les métro et bus sont très accessibles aussi ! idéal aussi pour une famille : Une chambre - lit double, 1,5 pers canapé lit 1 lit d'appoint bébé (Jouets fournis si besoin) L'appartement est arrangé à votre arrivée dans une ambiance cosy et chaleureuse, typiquement parisienne.. Les draps et serviettes de toilettes sont fournis ainsi que savons. Tout est prévu pour votre petit déjeuner (pain, confiture..) thé, café..à votre disposition ;) Des petits livrets vous sont fournis également à votre arrivée,  sur les dernières actus parisiennes ! les dernières expo, les spectacles etc, et tout ce qu'il faut savoir pour passer un bon séjour à Paris.. BIENVENUE A PARIS !	A typical Parisian flat in Champs Elysées area  and located in very central place in the capital, A cosy room A nice living room , design & parisian style Perfect place to discover Paris ! 
22349	Salon de 40M2 , cuisine ouverte type américaine, une chambre avec King size bed, une chambre avec lit enfant. Salle de bain avec baignoire et 2 vasques. WC séparé. Grande terrasse avec salon de jardin et parasol. Large living room, open kitchen, 2 bedrooms: one master room with king size bed, one with child bed. Fully furnished.  One bathroom.  Private terrasse. 	Vaste 3 PIÈCES  au pied de  L'ETOILE - pour 3 PERS, 85m2 et 35m2 de terrasse privée, dans un quartier animé et touristique, métro et arrivée des navettes aéroports à proximité. Large 3 rooms, 85sqm with terrace, 5mn walk from Champs-Elysées/Etoile Salon de 40M2 , cuisine ouverte type américaine, une chambre avec King size bed, une chambre avec lit enfant. Salle de bain avec baignoire et 2 vasques. WC séparé. Grande terrasse avec salon de jardin et parasol. Large living room, open kitchen, 2 bedrooms: one master room with king size bed, one with child bed. Fully furnished.  One bathroom.  Private terrasse. Propriétaire joignable à tous moments. Landlord easy to access nearby and by smartphone. Au pied des champs Elysées et très calme (très bonne insonorisation) , commerces et marché à proximité. 5mn walk from the Champs-Elysees and very calm. All facilities at walking distance including numerous bakeries, gatherings, cafés, restaurants, 2 supermarkets, 2 fancy daily markets, cinema, pha
22350	Apartment on the top floor of a typical building of beautiful areas of the 16th district of Paris. Very bright, it offers an idyllic setting for couples looking for romance. Clear view which offers stunning views of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. It is located 30s Argentine metro stop on Line 1 in the center of Paris. A 3min walk from the Champs Elysées. The traveler has access to all the facilities that are made available. I put a point of honor to service quality. I fully available for advice practice, recommendations and other places .. Communication is the key word. Chic, typical of the great Paris. The architecture of the buildings is amazing. The walls are full of history. The most celebrated places and monuments such as the Eiffel Tower, the Alexandre III bridge, the Arc de Triomphe, the Grand Palais, the Avenue des Champs Elysees is located within 10 min of the neighborhood. The Argentine metro station, line 1 is 30s down the street. There is also a Vélib terminal av	"40m2 Bright apartment: lounge, kitchen, bathroom, washing machine, dryer ... . Located 100 meters from the ""Arc de Triomphe"" . Underground 30s ""Argentina"" one line . Lovely view: Eifel Tower + Arc de Triomphe Apartment on the top floor of a typical building of beautiful areas of the 16th district of Paris. Very bright, it offers an idyllic setting for couples looking for romance. Clear view which offers stunning views of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. It is located 30s Argentine metro stop on Line 1 in the center of Paris. A 3min walk from the Champs Elysées. The traveler has access to all the facilities that are made available. I put a point of honor to service quality. I fully available for advice practice, recommendations and other places .. Communication is the key word. Chic, typical of the great Paris. The architecture of the buildings is amazing. The walls are full of history. The most celebrated places and monuments such as the Eiffel Tower, the Alexandre III bridge,"
22351	Etoile-avenue Victor Hugo. Immeuble pierre de taille haut de gamme. Petit studio de 10 m² hyper confort, au 7e ascenseur, entièrement neuf. Vue panoramique, parquet d'époque, cuisinette, frigidaire, douche, sèche serviette, double vitrage, tout équipé- meublé wc sur palier. Ecran TV HD 40 pouces, internet haut débit, gardienne, 300 m Champs Elysées.	Perfect location: Charles de Gaulle Etoile, Champs Elysées, beautiful old parisian building, very small flat but new, clean and comfortable: bed, shower, kitchen, desk, big LCD TV, perfect own wifi. YOU HAVE TO BRING YOUR OWN SHEETS and TOWEL. BED 90cm*190cm Etoile-avenue Victor Hugo. Immeuble pierre de taille haut de gamme. Petit studio de 10 m² hyper confort, au 7e ascenseur, entièrement neuf. Vue panoramique, parquet d'époque, cuisinette, frigidaire, douche, sèche serviette, double vitrage, tout équipé- meublé wc sur palier. Ecran TV HD 40 pouces, internet haut débit, gardienne, 300 m Champs Elysées. Logement indépendant et entier. A lot of work but I will to my best Everything's amazing Charles de Gaulle Etoile: everything
22352	- Great location: Arch of Triumph & Champs Elysées - All transportations nearby: airports, monuments of Paris, Versailles. - Very comfortable: in 2014 we bought a brand new mattress. - Very sunny. - Fast internet (optical fiber) & free WIFI. - TV (thousands of channels in lots of languages) - Multimedia box: DVD & BluRay player, DivX player & USB port, Radios (worldwide). - Coffee machine: capsules offered - Micro-wave	- Great location: Arch of Triumph and Champs Elysées. - Very comfortable: sunny, very quiet & brand new quality mattress. - We provide you: clean bed linen, clean towels, shower gel and espresso coffees. - Great location: Arch of Triumph & Champs Elysées - All transportations nearby: airports, monuments of Paris, Versailles. - Very comfortable: in 2014 we bought a brand new mattress. - Very sunny. - Fast internet (optical fiber) & free WIFI. - TV (thousands of channels in lots of languages) - Multimedia box: DVD & BluRay player, DivX player & USB port, Radios (worldwide). - Coffee machine: capsules offered - Micro-wave You will have access to the entire apartment which includes: - The bedroom - The living room and its kitchen - The bathroom: shower and toilets - You'll be welcomed at the apartment by us or our friends to show you the place and answer to all your questions. - We'll stay available to answer your questions (phone, mails, messages). The neighborhood is perfect to visit Par
22353	Appartement de 50 m2 de caractère et cosy avec ascenseur dans un immeuble typiquement haussmanien en pierre de taille, avec un balcon offrant une vue sur l'architecture élégante parisienne.	         Superbe appartement dans immeuble haussmanien grand standing. Très bien meublé, balcon et concierge. Dans le prestigieux Triangle d'Or avec ses boutiques de luxe.  Champs-Elysées et stations de métro + RER à 200m. Les propriétaires sont voisins    Appartement de 50 m2 de caractère et cosy avec ascenseur dans un immeuble typiquement haussmanien en pierre de taille, avec un balcon offrant une vue sur l'architecture élégante parisienne. Ascenseur, connection wifi, télévision dans l'appartement. Parking dans l'avenue Marceau. Tous commerces de proximité et restaurants. Quartier très central, facilement accessible en voiture et en métro. Les Champs-Elysées et l'avenue Montaigne avec leur célèbres magasins (Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior etc) sont à deux pas. Nombreux musées dans le voisinage. Lignes 1, 2, 6 et 9 de métro et RER ligne A. Occupation de minimum 2 jours Nous sommes désolés de ne pas accepter plus de 2 personnes.
22354	INTRO With Suite Victor, you are in the middle of where action takes place. The area, is a made of famous names: Victor Hugo, Charles de Gaulle and Ferdinand Foch to name a few. In short, you are at few blocks away from Champs-Elysées. This means an easy access to all important Paris places through Charles de Gaulle - Etoile metro station. When staying in this apartment, you enter the world of Jacques Tati (the film director) and a stylish but sober parisian interior. The first, because it is a post World War 2 building, retaining the traits of international architecture with a less serious approach, and the second, because classical furnitures are refurbished with a modern twist. However, that’s not all. The place offers 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a double living room and a fully equipped kitchen. And cherry on the cake, there is a 10 square meter balcony for outside activities, with a nice sight on Paris roofs. There are plenty of convenience stores in the area, that close at midnight,	With Suite Victor, you are in the middle of where action takes place. The area, is a made of famous names: Victor Hugo, Charles de Gaulle and Ferdinand Foch to name a few. In short, you are a few blocks away from Champs-Elysées.  INTRO With Suite Victor, you are in the middle of where action takes place. The area, is a made of famous names: Victor Hugo, Charles de Gaulle and Ferdinand Foch to name a few. In short, you are at few blocks away from Champs-Elysées. This means an easy access to all important Paris places through Charles de Gaulle - Etoile metro station. When staying in this apartment, you enter the world of Jacques Tati (the film director) and a stylish but sober parisian interior. The first, because it is a post World War 2 building, retaining the traits of international architecture with a less serious approach, and the second, because classical furnitures are refurbished with a modern twist. However, that’s not all. The place offers 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a double livi
22355	LOCATION Located in a fashionable and very central district, 5 min away from the Champs Elysees, the Arc du Triomphe and 10 min from the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. All walking distance. Lively arrondissement with many restaurants, cafes and shops. Supermarket and bakery 2 mins walk from the apartment. BRAND NEW APARTMENT Ideal for a couple with one bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard. - Bedroom 10m2 with a window overlooking the courtyard 1 double bed - Bathroom 6m2 with bathtub, washing machine and window to courtyard - Kitchen (Brand new) 5m2, equipped with a window overlooking the courtyard - Living room 25m2 with comfortable sofa, television, internet, heater, books and dining table TRANSPORT The apartment is very well located and has 3 metro stations close by which allows you to reach all areas of Paris very quickly. METRO Line 6 - 5 min walk from Boissiere and Kleber Line 2 - 5 min walk from Victor Hugo RER A - 10 min walk from Charles de Gaulle Etoile  VELIB STATION 2 min	LOCATION Located in a fashionable and very central district, 5 min away from the Champs Elysees, the Arc du Triomphe and 10 min from the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. All walking distance. Lively arrondissement with many restaurants, cafes and shops. Supermarket and bakery 2 mins walk from the apartment. BRAND NEW APARTMENT Ideal for a couple with one bedroom overlooking a quiet courtyard. - Bedroom 10m2 with a window overlooking the courtyard 1 double bed - Bathroom 6m2 with bathtub, washing machine and window to courtyard - Kitchen (Brand new) 5m2, equipped with a window overlooking the courtyard - Living room 25m2 with comfortable sofa, television, internet, heater, books and dining table TRANSPORT The apartment is very well located and has 3 metro stations close by which allows you to reach all areas of Paris very quickly. METRO Line 6 - 5 min walk from Boissiere and Kleber Line 2 - 5 min walk from Victor Hugo RER A - 10 min walk from Charles de Gaulle Etoile  VELIB STATION 2 min
22356	Apartment in the heart of Paris, located in George V - Champs-Elysees area 35 m2, 1 bedroom (double bed), lounge, bathroom, kitchen, fully equipped (washing machine, fridge, TV, internet ...) - 4th Floor Near Champs-Elysees Avenue, very close to all tourist places 	Apartment in the heart of Paris, located in George V - Champs-Elysees area 35 m2, 1 bedroom (double bed), lounge, bathroom, kitchen, fully equipped (washing machine, fridge, TV, internet ...) - 4th Floor Near Champs-Elysees Avenue, very close to all tourist places 
22357	Perfectly located in the center of Paris, our big, clean and bright appartement  is perfect for a romantic trip in Paris!	Spacefull, bright and calm appartement close to the Champs Elysées
22358	Located in a beautiful Parisian building, a few minutes from the Champs -Elysées, in the heart of Paris  The apartment is composed of: a lounge with a large sofa for 6 (convertible into a bed for 2 people), a large screen TV with the international channels, a DVD player, a stereo, a coffee table  a dining area with a large table and chairs for 6 people a kitchen very well equipped (hob , fridge, freezer , toaster, Nespresso machine, juicer, oven, microwave , blender, ustentiles kitchen , dishes...) 2 bedrooms with queen size bed (quality mattresses, luxurious bed linens), TV, cupboards 2 bathrooms with spacious shower and toilet, shower gel and shampoo elevator air conditioning WIFI possibility of delivery of breakfast	Beautiful apartment near Champs - Elysées, in the center of Paris (well served by public transport) Recently renovated with quality materials, well equipped, comfortable, design 2 bedrooms with their bathroom,a sofa bed TV, WIFI,air conditioning Located in a beautiful Parisian building, a few minutes from the Champs -Elysées, in the heart of Paris  The apartment is composed of: a lounge with a large sofa for 6 (convertible into a bed for 2 people), a large screen TV with the international channels, a DVD player, a stereo, a coffee table  a dining area with a large table and chairs for 6 people a kitchen very well equipped (hob , fridge, freezer , toaster, Nespresso machine, juicer, oven, microwave , blender, ustentiles kitchen , dishes...) 2 bedrooms with queen size bed (quality mattresses, luxurious bed linens), TV, cupboards 2 bathrooms with spacious shower and toilet, shower gel and shampoo elevator air conditioning WIFI possibility of delivery of breakfast
22359	"The living room gas a nice double (un)folding bed, that's why I indicated 4 people for this flat. It has 1 ""real bedroom"", and the living room can become a bedroom for the  night. The 2 rooms are well separated by the bathroom/toilet, wich makes easy the living together. The width of the bedroom bed is 160 cm - 140 cm for the living one."	"Welcome !  The flat is very well located near Paris center, silent, nice sight-seeing, close from subways, 1 (un)folding bed in the living. Food stores and restaurants near by. Visit Paris by foot starting from the flat! The living room gas a nice double (un)folding bed, that's why I indicated 4 people for this flat. It has 1 ""real bedroom"", and the living room can become a bedroom for the  night. The 2 rooms are well separated by the bathroom/toilet, wich makes easy the living together. The width of the bedroom bed is 160 cm - 140 cm for the living one. 4th floor with lift. Thanks to arrive by 3 pm, and leave by 10 am. Delays of 2-3 hours around these times are of courses very OK ; but in case you plan a bigger delay, please tell it  in your request for reservation... Big Thanks ! Yes, if possible... Great welcome ! Very nice place, close from the center. 4 subway lines are very close, from 200 to 400 m, among them is the ""etoile - charles de gaulle"" station, which is a main station i"
22360	Being on the ground floor, access via the handsome communal  hallway to the apartment is especially easy.  The gardienne next door is helpful and friendly.  Our flat has one double bedroom, but for short stays there is also a comfortable sofabed in the living/diningroom for two extra guests. 	Charming groundfloor apartment. Redecorated preserving original features. Modern kitchen, double bedroom, en-suite shower room and dressing room. Spacious living/diningroom. Arc de Triomphe, shopping, metro, buses, connections to airport on doorstep. Being on the ground floor, access via the handsome communal  hallway to the apartment is especially easy.  The gardienne next door is helpful and friendly.  Our flat has one double bedroom, but for short stays there is also a comfortable sofabed in the living/diningroom for two extra guests.  All areas. Our manager will show you round on your arrival and tell you everything you need to know.   Our apartment is in within easy reach of everything you might want to visit during your stay in Paris and the area is calm and friendly.  1,rue du Dome is a cul-de-sac side street, so traffic is minimal.  Close by: Cuisine from all over the world, everyday shopping to couture shopping, a stroll down the Champs Elysees. Trocadero/Eiffel Tower 15min wa
22361	Very nice and cosy appartment right in the center of Paris, just two minutes away from the Arc de Triomphe and 5 minutes from the Champs-Elysées. Several metro and bus stations nearby, that can bring you to every major touristic or shopping site in Paris! 60m2 : one bedroom with king size bed, one big living/dining room with a double convertible couch, fully furnished kitchen with washing machine and dishwasher, one bathroom and separated toilets. Balcony with view on the Arc de Triomphe! TV & Wifi. 	Very nice and cosy appartment right in the center of Paris, just two minutes away from the Arc de Triomphe and 5 minutes from the Champs-Elysées. Several metro and bus stations nearby, that can bring you to every major touristic or shopping site in Paris! 60m2 : one bedroom with king size bed, one big living/dining room with a double convertible couch, fully furnished kitchen with washing machine and dishwasher, one bathroom and separated toilets. Balcony with view on the Arc de Triomphe! TV & Wifi. 
22362	This apartment has a unique situation close to Arc de Triomphe. You will just have to border it to be right on the Champs Elysées, the most beautiful avenue in the world.	"This studio is located at number 10th of Avenue Grande Armee close to Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. Perfect condition, ideal for 2 persons This charming 30sq m apt is full equipped, calm and pleasant. This apartment has a unique situation close to Arc de Triomphe. You will just have to border it to be right on the Champs Elysées, the most beautiful avenue in the world. The owner or a representative will welcom you and help you make your trip unforgettable.  Nice restaurants in the area, Visit of the Arc de Triomphe Luxury shopping on Victor Hugo Avenue Close to Champs Elysées Trocadero Gardens at the end of Kleber Avenue Nice places to go all over the area RER A brings you from airport to Charles de Gaulle Etoile. Exit ""Grande Armée"" and here is your apt ! You can also acces Subway Line 1 Or Buses : (phone number hidden)"
22363	"Completely renovated, this large apartment of 150 sqm with a beautiful ceiling height of 4 meters consists of: * 1 spacious living room bathed in light through large windows. The floor of origin is in ""Pointe de Hongrie"". The living room has a leather sofa, a coffee table, a dining table for 8 persons, a flat-screen TV with over 100 TV and a computer with internet access (WIFI). * 1 fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven, microwave, dishwasher, pots, pots, cutlery) * A first large bedroom of over 25 sqm with a double bed 180x200 cm & several cupboards * A second bedroom with a double bed 160x200 cm * A third bedroom with a large double bed 180x200 cm, chest of drawers, bedside table and a large closet. * 1 full marble bathroom of 10 sqm with toilet, sink, bathtub and hairdryer * 1 functional shower room with toilet, sink, shower and hairdryer * 1 separate toilet  (a total of 3 WC) * 1 laundry room of about 7 m2 (washing machine, dryer, iron and ironing board) * 1 broadband Interne"	"A few minutes walk from the Champs Elysées, the Trocadero gardens, the Eiffel Tower, and countless museums, enjoy the tranquility of this privileged area and coveted. Completely renovated, this large apartment of 150 sqm with a beautiful ceiling height of 4 meters consists of: * 1 spacious living room bathed in light through large windows. The floor of origin is in ""Pointe de Hongrie"". The living room has a leather sofa, a coffee table, a dining table for 8 persons, a flat-screen TV with over 100 TV and a computer with internet access (WIFI). * 1 fully equipped kitchen (induction hob, oven, microwave, dishwasher, pots, pots, cutlery) * A first large bedroom of over 25 sqm with a double bed 180x200 cm & several cupboards * A second bedroom with a double bed 160x200 cm * A third bedroom with a large double bed 180x200 cm, chest of drawers, bedside table and a large closet. * 1 full marble bathroom of 10 sqm with toilet, sink, bathtub and hairdryer * 1 functional shower room with toilet, "
22364		Studio of 25 M2 with balcony, in 5 min in feet of the Champs-Elysées and the tower effeil.
22365	Very comfortable and spacious 2-room apartment, recently renovated. Lot of volume thanks to high ceilings and white atmosphere. Design furniture and decoration, mix of Parisian & Scandinavian style. Nice parquet 62 sqm. Very nice furnished terrace (15sqm). Bathtub & Shower. Ability to welcome a 3rd person on extra-mattress. Ideal for couple or couple with baby/young child	"Very comfortable and spacious 2-room apartment, recently renovated. Lot of volume thanks to high ceilings and white atmosphere. Design furniture and decoration, mix of Parisian & Scandinavian style. Nice parquet 62 sqm. Very nice furnished terrace (15sqm). Bathtub & Shower. Ability to welcome a 3rd person on extra-mattress. Ideal for couple or couple with baby/young child Very well located near the Air France Shuttle Bus Station to CDG-Airport, 5min walk from Arc-de-Triomphe, Champs-Elysees... Groundfloor gardenside Concierge in the building, and family close to the place The area of ""Les Ternes"" counts many restaurants & shops (both foodstores/supermakets & fashion/home) and is very safe. Many young and trendy families live in this area Metro stations: ""Argentine"" (L1), ""Porte Maillot"" (L1, RER-C), ""Etoile"" (L1, L2, L6, RER-A), ""Ternes"" (L2) Many bus stations Porte-Maillot station of Airport shuttles to CDG & Beauvais 5-min walk from the apt Stays from 4-days to 2-weeks prefered Only "
22366	The av. Victor Hugo is home to luxury shops, exquisite bakeries, restaurants and assorted commerce. Perfect for a romantic get-away. Please note that we'll normally only rent this flat for longer stays (6 + days).	Very charming, elegant, bright and quiet 1-bedroom flat overlooking an inner courtyard. On one of the most prestigious avenues in Paris, near Arc de Triomphe and Champs-Élysées, with easy access to metro and buses. The av. Victor Hugo is home to luxury shops, exquisite bakeries, restaurants and assorted commerce. Perfect for a romantic get-away. Please note that we'll normally only rent this flat for longer stays (6 + days). The flat is close to the Étoile (Arc de Triomphe) and Victor Hugo underground stations, and several bus lines. There's an Air France bus shuttle that'll pick you up at the airport and drop you off at Étoile.
22367	À quelques pas des Champs Élysées et du Trocadéro dans un Très bel immeuble haut standing appartement très design de 45m² comme une suite d'hôtel ATTENTION il n'y a pas deux chambres c'est comme un loft tout est ouvert situé au 5e étage avec ascenseur dans l'un des quartiers les plus chics de Paris, à proximité de Trocadéro, Champs-Élysées, Kleber. Calme et cosy. Très Clair vue dégagée . Parfait pour 3 jeunes ou un couple est un enfant ;) 	Bonjour et bienvenus dans mon loft du XVIe arrondissement situé as quelques mètres de l'Arc de triomphe et du Trocadéro et Des Champs-Élysées appartement très agréable et spacieuse vue dégagée sont ensoleillés. Mon appartement se situe au 5e étage avec ascenseur c'est un appartement haut de gamme avec un salon ouvert sur la chambre avec une très belle salle de bain en marbre et une petite cuisine. Cet appartement est parfait pour un couple est un enfant ou 3 jeunes ;) À quelques pas des Champs Élysées et du Trocadéro dans un Très bel immeuble haut standing appartement très design de 45m² comme une suite d'hôtel ATTENTION il n'y a pas deux chambres c'est comme un loft tout est ouvert situé au 5e étage avec ascenseur dans l'un des quartiers les plus chics de Paris, à proximité de Trocadéro, Champs-Élysées, Kleber. Calme et cosy. Très Clair vue dégagée . Parfait pour 3 jeunes ou un couple est un enfant ;) Les voyageurs auront accès à une clé ainsi que un bip pour ouvrir la première porte 
22368	Nice studio in modern building with elevator Good area and spacious bathroom and kitchen Guests have access to everything that is needed for a comfortable stay in an apartment:    - Basic items, such as towels, bed linens, etc    - Full equipped kitchen with microwave    - Internet access    - A cool 3D TV with home theater and a good collection of movies with references to Paris!!    - Tourist guides and good advice :) I am open to interact with guests to provide advice about the city and good places to go around the apartment. Perfect location to visit the city (metro at 2 min from apartment):    - Arc de Triomphe at 3 minutes walk!      - Champs Elysee at 5 minutes walk!    - Eiffel Tower at 2 metro stations!    - Louvre at 10 minutes per metro!     - Montmartre at 15 minutes metro !  Amazing restaurants and bars in the neighborhood Easy access to airports and main Rail stations    - CDG, Orly and Beauvais reached by direct bus (walking distance)    - Rail Stations easily reached by	35m2 studio at 3 minutes from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysee. Modern building in a nice area surrounded by good bars, restaurants and clubs. 3 min walk from Metro Line 1, 2, 6, RER A, C and direct buses to all airports (CDG, Orly, Beauvais) Nice studio in modern building with elevator Good area and spacious bathroom and kitchen Guests have access to everything that is needed for a comfortable stay in an apartment:    - Basic items, such as towels, bed linens, etc    - Full equipped kitchen with microwave    - Internet access    - A cool 3D TV with home theater and a good collection of movies with references to Paris!!    - Tourist guides and good advice :) I am open to interact with guests to provide advice about the city and good places to go around the apartment. Perfect location to visit the city (metro at 2 min from apartment):    - Arc de Triomphe at 3 minutes walk!      - Champs Elysee at 5 minutes walk!    - Eiffel Tower at 2 metro stations!    - Louvre at 10 minutes per metr
22369	These spacious rooms come with single or double beds making them ideal for family stays or groups of friends traveling together. our rooms offer a modern decor with neutral whites on the walls and lively splashes of colors that brighten up the atmosphere; others feature a cosy classic decor with elegant wallpaper, classic furniture and carpets. Our hotel boasts a secluded and landscaped indoor garden ideal for a quiet break or a leisurely breakfast on warm days. Relax after a long day in Paris and enjoy a drink in this peaceful haven away from the city hustle and bustle.	Our spacious room come with single or double beds making them ideal for family stays. Our  room offer a modern decor with neutral whites on the walls and lively splashes of colors that brighten up the atmosphere. These spacious rooms come with single or double beds making them ideal for family stays or groups of friends traveling together. our rooms offer a modern decor with neutral whites on the walls and lively splashes of colors that brighten up the atmosphere; others feature a cosy classic decor with elegant wallpaper, classic furniture and carpets. Our hotel boasts a secluded and landscaped indoor garden ideal for a quiet break or a leisurely breakfast on warm days. Relax after a long day in Paris and enjoy a drink in this peaceful haven away from the city hustle and bustle. Our richly decorated lounge has recently been fully refurbished and offers a peaceful and refined atmosphere. Relax with a drink, catch up with friends or simply enjoy a quiet read in one of our ultra comfy ar
22370	Nice 2 rooms on the 6th floor with elevator. Living room, large bedroom with double bed and desk, kitchen, small bathroom with toilets. 2 minutes from l'Etoile (Arc de Triomphe) 10 meters from Argentine subway station 30 minutes from Roissy CDG airport by bus  Perfect for a couple or 3 people  Eiffel Tower View  Champs Elysées at 5 minutes walk  Louvre at 10 minutes by subway line 1  Montmartre at 20 minutes by metro line 2  Trocadero / Eiffel Tower at 10 minutes by line 6  Ideal location!  Proximity to the business district of Paris, La Défense, directly accessible with line 1 at 10 meters from the building.  Direct bus to Roissy CDG  Line 1 or RER A to Paris Gare de Lyon  Line 6 to Montparnasse  Taxis at night	Nice 2 rooms on the 6th floor with elevator. Living room, large bedroom with double bed and desk, kitchen, small bathroom with toilets. 2 minutes from l'Etoile (Arc de Triomphe) 10 meters from Argentine subway station 30 minutes from Roissy CDG airport by bus  Perfect for a couple or 3 people  Eiffel Tower View  Champs Elysées at 5 minutes walk  Louvre at 10 minutes by subway line 1  Montmartre at 20 minutes by metro line 2  Trocadero / Eiffel Tower at 10 minutes by line 6  Ideal location!  Proximity to the business district of Paris, La Défense, directly accessible with line 1 at 10 meters from the building.  Direct bus to Roissy CDG  Line 1 or RER A to Paris Gare de Lyon  Line 6 to Montparnasse  Taxis at night Metro Argentine (Line 1) in front of the building Métro Charles de Gaulle (Line 1, 2) at 2 minutes by walk
22371	It is a duplex (1075sq/ft, 100 m2) set on a courtyard, very quiet, in a small building of 3 stories, you feel like in a little house in the heart of Paris.  It consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms sleeps 5 max (new sofa bed in living room). Fully equipped and sate-ot-the art kitchen in glass top veranda. Nice bathroom with shower à l'italienne. Telephone, Cable TV with CNN, BBC; Wifi internet, free international calls to UK, Australia, Canada and the USA, Flat screen TV.	Best neighborhood. Walking distance to the Champs-Elysées/Eiffel Tower a very convenient, chic and safe neighborhood. This duplex feels like in a house in the heart of Paris. 2 bedrooms/ 2baths (1oom2/1075sq/ft) set on a quiet courtyard. Very close to metro and supermarket.  It is a duplex (1075sq/ft, 100 m2) set on a courtyard, very quiet, in a small building of 3 stories, you feel like in a little house in the heart of Paris.  It consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms sleeps 5 max (new sofa bed in living room). Fully equipped and sate-ot-the art kitchen in glass top veranda. Nice bathroom with shower à l'italienne. Telephone, Cable TV with CNN, BBC; Wifi internet, free international calls to UK, Australia, Canada and the USA, Flat screen TV. The whole apartment is for you, not shared with anyone of course.  I will welcome you at the apartment, give you the keys and give you info on local shopping around.  No arrival/departure before 8:00 am.   This property is located in a exclusive nei
22372	Very safe access with several doors and a caretaker who opens the door on the afternoon. You feel very safe and privileged at your own place. The house has its own private garden, which offers a real green heart in a central area of Paris. The building's communal area are very well maintained. Two bedroom house of 105 square meters. Ideal for 4 people. The master bedroom has its own private bathroom and there is another bathroom, separated. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, coffee machine (professionnal one) etc The living room is decorated with taste, modernity, luxury, and includes a dining table, with two comfortable sofa and a large TV.	This spacious and luminous two bedroom house of 105 m2 can fit up to 4 people and offers a large range of amenities and comfort you may need. Very safe access with several doors and a caretaker who opens the door on the afternoon. You feel very safe and privileged at your own place. The house has its own private garden, which offers a real green heart in a central area of Paris. The building's communal area are very well maintained. Two bedroom house of 105 square meters. Ideal for 4 people. The master bedroom has its own private bathroom and there is another bathroom, separated. The kitchen is completely equipped, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge, cooker hood, coffee machine (professionnal one) etc The living room is decorated with taste, modernity, luxury, and includes a dining table, with two comfortable sofa and a large TV. The whole place Household linen is furnished (bath towel, sheet). Internet with a wifi connection and cable TV are available. If you have any problems in you
22373	Etoile-avenue Victor Hugo. Immeuble pierre de taille haut de gamme. Petit studio de 10 m² hyper confort, au 7e ascenseur, entièrement neuf. Vue panoramique, parquet, cuisinette, frigidaire, douche, sèche serviette, double vitrage, tout équipé- meublé wc sur palier. Porte blindée, ordinateur mac avec écran LED HD 42 pouces, internet haut débit, lave-linge, gardienne, 300 m Champs Elysées. Caution demandée. 	Etoile-avenue Victor Hugo. Immeuble pierre de taille haut de gamme. Petit studio de 10 m² hyper confort, au 7e ascenseur, entièrement neuf. Vue panoramique, parquet, cuisinette, frigidaire, douche, sèche serviette, double vitrage, tout équipé- meublé wc sur palier. Porte blindée, ordinateur mac avec écran LED HD 42 pouces, internet haut débit, lave-linge, gardienne, 300 m Champs Elysées. Caution demandée. 
22374	The placement is really amazing you will be able to do anything	"Best location in Paris, 5 min walking from Champs Elysées the ""most beautifull avenue in the world"". The apartment is full equiped and i will provide sheets and towels! Internet! 6th floor and no elevator  The placement is really amazing you will be able to do anything"
22375	A deux pas de la place Charles de Gaulle Etoile, dans une rue calme, au coeur du Paris chic, venez poser vos bagages et installez vous ! L'appartement est entièrement équipé, optimisé pour votre confort et prêt à l'emploi. Les ondes y sont bonnes, le calme y règne et votre hôte est disponible 24h/24h si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit.	Bienvenue chez vous ! Au pied de l'Arc de Triomphe, dans le 16ème arrondissement, dans un coin calme et central !  Offres spéciales et tarifs préférentiels pour les longs séjours au mois d'août. Discounts for long stays and special offers. A deux pas de la place Charles de Gaulle Etoile, dans une rue calme, au coeur du Paris chic, venez poser vos bagages et installez vous ! L'appartement est entièrement équipé, optimisé pour votre confort et prêt à l'emploi. Les ondes y sont bonnes, le calme y règne et votre hôte est disponible 24h/24h si vous avez besoin de quoi que ce soit. En ce qui concerne le quartier, vous y trouverez restaurants(haut de gamme, étoile, bistrot, cuisine du monde, fast food...Tout y est) Les supermarchés et épiceries sont aussi nombreux et ferment tard la nuit, ce qui est un avantage. Shopping: Avenue Victor Hugo, avenue des champs Elysées, les alentours et l'avenue Montaigne ne sont pas loin ! Bienvenue au coeur de Paris. Borne de taxi à proximité Metro ligne 9,6,
22376		Hello, Nice 57 square meters - 2 minutes by foot from l'arc de triomphe, the champs Elysées and Trocadéro Kitchen totally equiped Bathdroom with bath Nice bedroom with a double bed Big and lighty living room with a sofa bed (2people) Wifi TV Everywhere Metro Stations : Kleber 6 / Iena 9
22377	This charming apartment is well located, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 3 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue Lauriston, just next to the most beautiful street Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe.  The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: Double bed with comfortable mattress, chest of drawers. Living room: Double sofa bed, flat screen TV, desk and office chair, table, bar with four chairs.  Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  Bathroom: Shower and WC. This apartment is on the 3th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven and micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, individual electric heating. We provide bed linen and towels.  We do not provide shampoo, shower gel, toothbrush, toothpaste.	This charming apartment is well located, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 3 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue Lauriston, just next to the most beautiful street Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe. This charming apartment is well located, quiet and cozy, and can accommodate 3 persons. It has been newly renovated and decorated, located on rue Lauriston, just next to the most beautiful street Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe.  The apartment is structured as follows: Bedroom: Double bed with comfortable mattress, chest of drawers. Living room: Double sofa bed, flat screen TV, desk and office chair, table, bar with four chairs.  Kitchen fully fitted with plenty of cooking utensils.  Bathroom: Shower and WC. This apartment is on the 3th French floor without elevator. Amenities: Wi-Fi, TV, refrigerator, cooking stove, oven and micro-wave, kettle, toaster, cooking utensils, Nespresso coffee maker, washing machine, hairdryer, iron and ironing Board, individu
22378	Appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces refait à neuf en mars 2013. Situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble en comptant 5. D'une surface de 62m2, il comprend un grand séjour, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de douche, une chambre parentale avec grand lit de 160 cm et une chambre enfant équipée d’un lit bébé, WC séparé. Tout l'appartement est équipé d'un parquet d'origine excepté les pièces d'eau (cuisine et salle de douche).La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four, plaques vitrocéramique, lave-vaisselle, et lave-linge) et dispose d'une fenêtre donnant sur une courette. La salle de douche dispose d'une grande douche et d'un sèche-serviettes. Le séjour est équipé d’un grand canapé et d’un grand écran plat TV. L’appartement est très calme. Located on the 2nd floor of a 5-floors building, the flat is 62m2 big. It entails a living room, a kitchen opening on the living-room, a parental bedroom with a Queen-size bed and a child’s bedroom with a baby bed (120 cm long), as we	Appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces. D'une surface de 62m2, il comprend un grand séjour, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de douche, une chambre parentale avec grand lit de 160 cm et une chambre enfant équipée d’un lit bébé, WC séparé. Appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces refait à neuf en mars 2013. Situé au 2ème étage d'un immeuble en comptant 5. D'une surface de 62m2, il comprend un grand séjour, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de douche, une chambre parentale avec grand lit de 160 cm et une chambre enfant équipée d’un lit bébé, WC séparé. Tout l'appartement est équipé d'un parquet d'origine excepté les pièces d'eau (cuisine et salle de douche).La cuisine est entièrement équipée (réfrigérateur, four, plaques vitrocéramique, lave-vaisselle, et lave-linge) et dispose d'une fenêtre donnant sur une courette. La salle de douche dispose d'une grande douche et d'un sèche-serviettes. Le séjour est équipé d’un grand canapé et d’un grand écran plat TV. L’appartement e
22379	Proximité de tous les monuments importants de la capitale	Un 3pièces dont 2 chambres+cuisine-séjour -salle de bain-baignoire,situé sur le triangle d'or parisien a côté de l'arc de triomphe dont la rue offre une belle vue sur la Tour Eiffel puis a 5mn des champs-élysées  et du Trocadéro pour séjour idéal a paris. Proximité de tous les monuments importants de la capitale accès a tout le monde même les handicapés. diversité culturelle,langues... sécurité,confort, et belle situation géograaphique Métro,bus,Rer, hélicoptère,voiture... Surprise a découvrir par soi-même...
22380	Charming little place for 1- 2 people. Shower,kettle,cutlery,croquery etc..microwave, Bed linen & towels provided. Toilet is on the landing. Quiet, simple and clean place.	Charming independent renovated bedroom in a prestigious area, 7m²,  6th floor, with private shower in the room, microwave, kettle, cups, plates, sheets and towels provided. new internet network in the room since March 19, 2015 Charming little place for 1- 2 people. Shower,kettle,cutlery,croquery etc..microwave, Bed linen & towels provided. Toilet is on the landing. Quiet, simple and clean place. Guests can contact me by telephone or email. A 5 minute walk to Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysées. Easy access with public transport/ train(RER): station CDG Etoile metro: station CDG Etoile & Argentine Bus from both airports: station CDG Etoile Taxi
22381	Idéalement place, très ensoleillé, on s'y trouve bien.	Dans le triangle d'or entre Champs Elysées, Tour Eiffel et Trocadéro, Ce 2 pièces très clair et très calme,  Idéalement place, très ensoleillé, on s'y trouve bien. A tout  Je reste présent a tous moments pour des conseils ou demandes Le calme et la fonctionnalité du quartier RER 5 mn Charles de Gaules Métro ligne 1, 2,6, 10 Bus pleins de lignes Fumeurs seulement sur le balcon
22382	2nd floor without elevator: 2 rooms with 2 double bed and we can add 1 folding bed, 1 small kitchen, 1 bathroom, wc, wifi, fridge, microwave 6th floor without elevator: 1 small piece (7m²) with 1 double bed (sofa bed), 1 shower, wifi, microwave, refrigerator, toilet are on the common bearing with 1 other person	"Apartment 40 m², 2 rooms on the 2nd floor + 1 room on the 6th floor, 5 minutes walk from the ""Arc de Triomphe"" and the"" Champs Elysées av"", quiet and very safe area, near embassies and the metro station 2nd floor without elevator: 2 rooms with 2 double bed and we can add 1 folding bed, 1 small kitchen, 1 bathroom, wc, wifi, fridge, microwave 6th floor without elevator: 1 small piece (7m²) with 1 double bed (sofa bed), 1 shower, wifi, microwave, refrigerator, toilet are on the common bearing with 1 other person smoking is not allowed very quiet and very safe area, near the embassies, the apartment is 5 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysées, the metro, and all the bus stops for all airports (CDG ETOILE Orly- Beauvais) and train (RER) for all airports and train station you're also 5 minutes walk from the ""yellow bus"" or ""big bus"" to visit all the monuments of Paris (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Louvre etc ..) metro : ""Argentine"" or ""CDG-Etoile"" (line 1) train (RER (A)): C"
22383	Furnished studio, 10 m ², high-end Haussmann building, 7th floor with elevator, brightened up, on quiet court(yard), completed state, old glazed parquet, thermo-phonic insulation, shower, kitchen area, arrangements, office(desk), flat screen 40 thumbs(inches), broadband WiFi internet. Toilets in 3 meters on landing with key. Monop ' (from 8 am to midnight) in 30 meters, any conveniences, 2 digital codes, guard. In the avenue Victor Hugo, 200 m Champs-Elysées. Smart district of Paris. Luxury stores Taxi, Bus, subway and RER.	Furnished studio, 10 m ², high-end Haussmann building, 7th floor with elevator, brightened up, on quiet court(yard), completed state, old glazed parquet, thermo-phonic insulation, shower, kitchen area, arrangements, office(desk), flat screen 40 thumbs(inches), broadband WiFi internet. Toilets in 3 meters on landing with key. Monop ' (from 8 am to midnight) in 30 meters, any conveniences, 2 digital codes, guard. In the avenue Victor Hugo, 200 m Champs-Elysées. Smart district of Paris. Luxury stores Taxi, Bus, subway and RER.
22384	Cosy apartment in the chic area of Paris 16th, literally 2 minutes walk away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is in a very beautiful Hausmann building. The apartment is on the 2nd floor, it is 32m², has two rooms, wardrobes, an en-suite bathroom with a shower, two double beds and one folding bed. There's wifi, a fridge, a small kitchen, a kettle for tea and coffee and cups. It is part of the annex of my apartment which I don't use. You have independent access to it, through your private staircase and entrance door. Fantastic location with the Avenue Foch gardens a minute away - fantastic for a stroll or jogging to the Bois de Boulogne. The place is very quiet,to such a point you won't even realize you are so close to all the buzz on the Champs Elysées !	Cosy apartment in the chic area of Paris 16th, literally 2 minutes walk away from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe. The apartment is in a very beautiful Hausmann building. The apartment is on the 2nd floor, it is 32m², has two rooms, wardrobes, an en-suite bathroom with a shower, two double beds and one folding bed. There's wifi, a fridge, a small kitchen, a kettle for tea and coffee and cups. It is part of the annex of my apartment which I don't use. You have independent access to it, through your private staircase and entrance door. Fantastic location with the Avenue Foch gardens a minute away - fantastic for a stroll or jogging to the Bois de Boulogne. The place is very quiet,to such a point you won't even realize you are so close to all the buzz on the Champs Elysées !
22385	A nice bedroom with all facilities (shower/toilet/kitchen/TV/Wifi) for a perfect short stay in paris ! The room is clean and functionnal.	A clean bedroom The buiding is located in the center of paris within the nice area of Auteuil.  Main attractions of Paris are accessible in 15-20 minutes: Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, Trocadero, st germain, Notre-dame,.... A nice bedroom with all facilities (shower/toilet/kitchen/TV/Wifi) for a perfect short stay in paris ! The room is clean and functionnal. On clean bedroom - Shower - étagère - Fridge - oven - kettle - Tea & Coffee - TV  - Wifi - Toilet outside the room (unique user of the floor) As you want !  Michel Ange Auteuil near Rolland Garros and Eiffel Tour. Line 9 and 10
22386	Your Parisian studio has just been renovated, it looks onto a lovely private garden. It includes an entrance with a wardrobe, a fully equipped american kitchen, a bathroom with a large shower, a comfortable double bed in front of the TV. Furthermore, you get an hight-tech equipment: free Wi-Fi, a sound system has been installed on the entire place (appli SONOS), and cable TV.	If you want to feel like home in Paris, you just find the private flat made for you. Perfect for lovers or businessmen, you are pretty close to main places in town, like the Eiffel Tower, Roland Garros,... Your Parisian studio has just been renovated, it looks onto a lovely private garden. It includes an entrance with a wardrobe, a fully equipped american kitchen, a bathroom with a large shower, a comfortable double bed in front of the TV. Furthermore, you get an hight-tech equipment: free Wi-Fi, a sound system has been installed on the entire place (appli SONOS), and cable TV. To make your trip easier, we created a little guide about our neighborhood: facilities, public transports, markets, restaurants, and main places near by your studio.  We will be glad to welcome you and answer to all your questions. For the rest of your stay, we will be available by e-mail as much as you need.  Our neighborhood is secure and quiet. You find easily supermarkets, markets open all year, lots of rest
22387	English: Spacious flat completely renovated and perfectly located less than 10 min away from the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. It’s a triplex family-friendly apartment. -130 square meters triplex made, -2 rooms downstairs with 1 bathroom and 2 toilets, -2 rooms upstairs with 1 bathroom and 1 toilet, -1 large living room, -1 fully equipped kitchen (even with a hotdog machine !). Possibility to rent a room or the full apartment. This listing is for the entire upper floor, comprised of two independent rooms with an independent bathroom. The apartment is equipped with a washer, nespresso machine, cable TV, Wifi, Sound system. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and kitchen ustensils. Each separated floor permits to have full independence in the apartment.  For more information, don’t hesitate to contact me. Français: Un luxueux et spacieux triplex situé à 10 min de la Tour Eiffel et du Trocadéro. L’appartement est idéal pour un séjour en famille. -130 mètres carrés répartis 	Spacious 130m2 flat, fully renovated and perfectly located less than 10 min from the Eiffel Tower & Trocadero. It’s a triplex family-friendly apartment. We are renting the upper floor, which has 2 independent rooms (2 king size beds) and a bathroom. English: Spacious flat completely renovated and perfectly located less than 10 min away from the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero. It’s a triplex family-friendly apartment. -130 square meters triplex made, -2 rooms downstairs with 1 bathroom and 2 toilets, -2 rooms upstairs with 1 bathroom and 1 toilet, -1 large living room, -1 fully equipped kitchen (even with a hotdog machine !). Possibility to rent a room or the full apartment. This listing is for the entire upper floor, comprised of two independent rooms with an independent bathroom. The apartment is equipped with a washer, nespresso machine, cable TV, Wifi, Sound system. Also provided: Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and kitchen ustensils. Each separated floor permits to have full inde
22388		Hi, you will have all the appartment for you in Paris 16. Everything you need in one the best location. If you avec questions, don't hesitate. Best Regards
22389	Chambre de 20m2 environ, constituée d'un grand lit deux personnes très confortable. A proximité du Bois de Boulogne, du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier calme du 16e arrondissement. Métro Exelmans (ligne 9)  situé au pied de l'immeuble et  proche métro Michel-Ange Molitor (ligne 10). Proche écoles et prépas Claude Bernard, Jean-Baptiste Say, La Fontaine, Molière, Janson de Sailly. A 10 min du stade Roland Garros	Une belle grande chambre d'angle ensoleillée avec balcon  d'environ 20m2. Située dans un loft d'artiste avec verrière de 120 m2 au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Chambre de 20m2 environ, constituée d'un grand lit deux personnes très confortable. A proximité du Bois de Boulogne, du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel dans un quartier calme du 16e arrondissement. Métro Exelmans (ligne 9)  situé au pied de l'immeuble et  proche métro Michel-Ange Molitor (ligne 10). Proche écoles et prépas Claude Bernard, Jean-Baptiste Say, La Fontaine, Molière, Janson de Sailly. A 10 min du stade Roland Garros Métro Exelmans (ligne 9) au pied de l'immeuble, Michel Ange Molitor (ligne 10) et de nombreux bus.
22390	"Hi !  I'm an entrepreneur and I rent my charming apartment in the famous 16th arr. of Paris. The bathroom and kitchen face the small courtyard and the room is towards a private street - so everything is very quiet.   It's a 2 rooms apartment with private bathroom with bath, shower and wc, and a great kitchen. It's a quiet and very safe place, near Roland Garros, ""Bois de Boulogne"" Park & Auteuil horse racecourse. There is a double bed and someone can also sleep on the couch if needed. The location is perfect to visit the city as you are close to metro n° 9 and 10 and you'll love to walk in ""Bois de Boulogne"" park or in the great botanical garden of ""Serres D'auteuil"". You will also enjoy two typical parisian food market, where you can find delicious cheese and other typically French products: ""Auteuil"" on Wednesday and Saturday, and ""Molitor"" on Tuesday and Friday  There are many restaurants around, mainly Parisian-style ""bistrots"". You have also a delicious ""boulangerie"" (bakery) 2 mi"	"Hi !  I'm an entrepreneur and I rent my charming apartment in the famous 16th arr. of Paris. The bathroom and kitchen face the small courtyard and the room is towards a private street - so everything is very quiet.   It's a 2 rooms apartment with private bathroom with bath, shower and wc, and a great kitchen. It's a quiet and very safe place, near Roland Garros, ""Bois de Boulogne"" Park & Auteuil horse racecourse. There is a double bed and someone can also sleep on the couch if needed. The location is perfect to visit the city as you are close to metro n° 9 and 10 and you'll love to walk in ""Bois de Boulogne"" park or in the great botanical garden of ""Serres D'auteuil"". You will also enjoy two typical parisian food market, where you can find delicious cheese and other typically French products: ""Auteuil"" on Wednesday and Saturday, and ""Molitor"" on Tuesday and Friday  There are many restaurants around, mainly Parisian-style ""bistrots"". You have also a delicious ""boulangerie"" (bakery) 2 mi"
22391	Very nice apartment of 35m²  very close to the  Eiffel Tower (10 min by walking). That is the best option if you are looking for visiting Paris, available for 2 or 3 people (1 big bed + 1 sofa bed for 2 person) well equipped (coffee maker, flat screen, wifi hight speed, ironer, heating system, kitchen, bed linen, washing machine…) in a secure building, with an elevator. Closest subway lines are 6 & 9 at Trocadero stop. taxi service is also available for good price :) also my place is only 8 stations from gare de Montparnasse (rail station)	"Best plase to Visit Paris, close to the most of the monument ( Eiffel Tower, Triumph Arc, Champs Elysées, Louvre, Montmartre...) Very nice apartment of 35m²  very close to the  Eiffel Tower (10 min by walking). That is the best option if you are looking for visiting Paris, available for 2 or 3 people (1 big bed + 1 sofa bed for 2 person) well equipped (coffee maker, flat screen, wifi hight speed, ironer, heating system, kitchen, bed linen, washing machine…) in a secure building, with an elevator. Closest subway lines are 6 & 9 at Trocadero stop. taxi service is also available for good price :) also my place is only 8 stations from gare de Montparnasse (rail station) metro line 6 or 9 stop at ""Trocadero"" you can text me at anytime, i'll do my best to guide you during your stay. Quiet, secure. Several restaurants, supermarket and shops nearby. - From CDG/Orly airport: RER B till ""Denfert Rochereau"" + metro line 6 till ""Trocadero"" time arround 1 hour. - From Gare de Montparnasse: metro li"
22392	Bonjour, et bienvenu, Je vous propose un petit studio situé au métro Trocadéro.  Idéalement pour un jeune couple, ou une personne seule. Internet WIFI, coin cuisine, lit 2 places très confortables. Commerces, et transports à proximité. Petit Studio calme pouvant accueillir 1 à 2 personnes. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardien. Accès internet WIFI, coin cuisine (avec micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, grille-pain, machine à café), linge de toilette, lit 2 places très confortables. La salle de douche et les WC sont sur le palier (à partager normalement avec un autre petit studio qui est toujours vide). Je ferais le check-in et check-out. Je pourrais vous donner toutes les informations nécessaires à votre séjour, et répondrais à toutes vos questions. Je serais disponible par téléphone ou par mail. 	Bonjour, et bienvenu, Je vous propose un petit studio situé au métro Trocadéro.  Idéalement pour un jeune couple, ou une personne seule. Internet WIFI, coin cuisine, lit 2 places très confortables. Commerces, et transports à proximité. Bonjour, et bienvenu, Je vous propose un petit studio situé au métro Trocadéro.  Idéalement pour un jeune couple, ou une personne seule. Internet WIFI, coin cuisine, lit 2 places très confortables. Commerces, et transports à proximité. Petit Studio calme pouvant accueillir 1 à 2 personnes. Immeuble sécurisé avec gardien. Accès internet WIFI, coin cuisine (avec micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, grille-pain, machine à café), linge de toilette, lit 2 places très confortables. La salle de douche et les WC sont sur le palier (à partager normalement avec un autre petit studio qui est toujours vide). Je ferais le check-in et check-out. Je pourrais vous donner toutes les informations nécessaires à votre séjour, et répondrais à toutes vos questions. Je serais disponibl
22393		Profitez d'une chambre en plein 16ème, a proximité du métro et situé en plein rue de Passy réputée pour ses boutiques. La vue sur la Tour Eiffel illuminée est magnifique le soir. Une douche et une cuisine sont a votre disposition.
22394	A 10 MINUTES DE LA TOUR EIFFEL GRAND STUDIO DE 40M² ENTIÈREMENT MEUBLE DONNANT SUR UN BALCON TERRASSE DE 8M2 ENTIÈREMENT SUR JARDIN; IL COMPRENDS UNE ENTRÉE AVEC UNE PETITE CUISINE PARESSE ÉQUIPÉE ET AMÉNAGÉE, UNE PIÈCE PRINCIPALE AVEC COIN SALON ET COIN CHAMBRE PLACARDS ET UNE SALLE DE BAINS AVEC WC. TOUT CONFORT, BBOX WIFI, TV, LAVE LINGE... LINGE DE MAISON A DISPOSITION A 10MNTS A PIEDS DU TROCADERO, BALLADE EN BORDS DE SEINE, COMMERCES ET RESTAURANT ; A 10MNTS DE LA RUE DE PASSY CONNU POUR SON SHOPPING A 10MNTS DU VILLAGE D AUTEUIL AVEC TOUS LES COMMERCES DE BOUCHE ; FROMAGER, POISSONNIER, BOUCHER, MARCHE 3 FOIS PAR SEMAINE; METRO EGLISE D AUTEUIL OU RER C PONT KENNEDY; NOMBREUX BUS CIRCULANT DANS TOUS PARIS CE STUDIO DE CHARME VOUS OFFRIRA UN GRAND MOMENT DE PLENITUDE EN PLEIN COEUR D'UN QUARTIER RESIDENTIEL	A 10 MINUTES DE LA TOUR EIFFEL GRAND STUDIO DE 40M² ENTIÈREMENT MEUBLE DONNANT SUR UN BALCON TERRASSE DE 8M2 ENTIÈREMENT SUR JARDIN; IL COMPRENDS UNE ENTRÉE AVEC UNE PETITE CUISINE PARESSE ÉQUIPÉE ET AMÉNAGÉE, UNE PIÈCE PRINCIPALE AVEC COIN SALON ET COIN CHAMBRE PLACARDS ET UNE SALLE DE BAINS AVEC WC. TOUT CONFORT, BBOX WIFI, TV, LAVE LINGE... LINGE DE MAISON A DISPOSITION A 10MNTS A PIEDS DU TROCADERO, BALLADE EN BORDS DE SEINE, COMMERCES ET RESTAURANT ; A 10MNTS DE LA RUE DE PASSY CONNU POUR SON SHOPPING A 10MNTS DU VILLAGE D AUTEUIL AVEC TOUS LES COMMERCES DE BOUCHE ; FROMAGER, POISSONNIER, BOUCHER, MARCHE 3 FOIS PAR SEMAINE; METRO EGLISE D AUTEUIL OU RER C PONT KENNEDY; NOMBREUX BUS CIRCULANT DANS TOUS PARIS CE STUDIO DE CHARME VOUS OFFRIRA UN GRAND MOMENT DE PLENITUDE EN PLEIN COEUR D'UN QUARTIER RESIDENTIEL
22395		 Belle chambre pour 2 personnes à Paris 16 dans un boutique-hotel, près des bords de  Seine avec un lit King size,  salle de bain en marbre de Carrare , TV et free WIFI, garage, accès gratuit à salle de sport.Petits déjeuners compris             
22396		Really nice flat near from subway, by walk : - 30min to Eiffel tower, - 15min to Parc des Princes - 10min to Rolland Garros - 15min to Bois de Boulognes This flat is well placed in a cosy, quiet and bobo area of Paris. I would be really happy to welcome you to my flat and why not bring you to some great place in Paris unknown by the tourist guide ! 100m from a subway station ! No problem to come to my place!
22397	Propre et moderne	Canapé lit pour 2 personnes dans le salon  Vous vivez avec moi dans un appartement de 50m2 très propre et confortable.  Cuisine, salon & salle de bain Le canapé/lit est nouveau Propre et moderne Proches métros
22398	From 80€ for single to 90€ for double Bed&Breakfast Nice and calm 110m2 apt with a 200m2 private garden,quite amazing inner city of Paris.  I rent one bedroom and private  bathroom in this appartment First Floor one master private bedroom with private bathroom, bathtub and shower, (as shown on the pic) , for the guests  (and a second private one for the host on the same floor) //  linen, towels, provided. Under Floor 35m2 living room and kitchen All rooms have view on garden side only, very quite and unusal place to rest after rushing days ...or nights... in Paris. Actually place offered for single or couple,  the owner is living in.  Place is big enough to respect all privacies Internet with wireless, all  equipments necessary (hairdryer, iron, washing machine....)  It is always a real pleasure to meet and discover new nice persons, to share some times, and to be helpfull during your staying. So do not hesitate. It is not alowed to smoke in the house, only in the garden	From 80€ for single to 90€ for double Bed&Breakfast Nice and calm 110m2 apt with a 200m2 private garden,quite amazing inner city of Paris.  I rent one bedroom and private  bathroom in this appartment First Floor one master private bedroom with private bathroom, bathtub and shower, (as shown on the pic) , for the guests  (and a second private one for the host on the same floor) //  linen, towels, provided. Under Floor 35m2 living room and kitchen All rooms have view on garden side only, very quite and unusal place to rest after rushing days ...or nights... in Paris. Actually place offered for single or couple,  the owner is living in.  Place is big enough to respect all privacies Internet with wireless, all  equipments necessary (hairdryer, iron, washing machine....)  It is always a real pleasure to meet and discover new nice persons, to share some times, and to be helpfull during your staying. So do not hesitate. It is not alowed to smoke in the house, only in the garden all the house,
22399	Comprend une chambre avec un lit 2 places ainsi qu'une télé au mur, un salon avec un autre lit 1 place, ainsi qu'une cuisine tout équipé, et enfin salle de bain très spatieuse         	 Comprend une chambre avec un lit 2 places ainsi qu'une télé au mur, un salon avec un autre lit 1 place, ainsi qu'une cuisine tout équipé, et enfin salle de bain très spatieuse. L'appartement est au dernier étage( ascenseur dans l'immeuble), vue dégagée sur le ciel.         Comprend une chambre avec un lit 2 places ainsi qu'une télé au mur, un salon avec un autre lit 1 place, ainsi qu'une cuisine tout équipé, et enfin salle de bain très spatieuse         
22400	In the studio there is a main room , this studio is welcoming and comfortable. From the kitchen window you can see the Eiffel Tower. There is a small entrance that overlooks the main room with a  comfortable double sofa bed, a wardrobe, a flat screen TV, internet, wifi, and a fully equipped kitchen. The bathroom is separate and equipped with shower, toilet, washbasin. There are restaurants, bars and supermarket 2 minutes away. Noisy tenants refrain, no pets.	This 20 square meters studio for 2 people in 16 department. It is  5 minutes away from the Trocadero, the Eiffel Tower and the Avenue des Champs Elysees. The studio is on the 6th floor with an elevator to the 5th floor. In the studio there is a main room , this studio is welcoming and comfortable. From the kitchen window you can see the Eiffel Tower. There is a small entrance that overlooks the main room with a  comfortable double sofa bed, a wardrobe, a flat screen TV, internet, wifi, and a fully equipped kitchen. The bathroom is separate and equipped with shower, toilet, washbasin. There are restaurants, bars and supermarket 2 minutes away. Noisy tenants refrain, no pets. No particular rules. Thanks to come with not too much luggages ! I count on you to make the apartment as clean and tidy as you met it on your arrival, as well as to respect the peace of the neighbours. I try to be as flexible as possible regarding arrival and departure; I am at your disposal before arrival and durin
22401	Posez vos valises dans ce prestigieux appartement de quatre pièces classique et lumineux. Entrez dans un vaste séjour avec son espace salon, meublé confortablement pour se détendre, et son espace salle à manger, pour recevoir et partager en famille ou entre amis ; une cuisine équipée et indépendante vous le permettra. Jusqu'à quatre personnes pourrons profitez des deux chambres doubles, spacieuse et avec des rangements. Pour un confort optimal, chaque chambre dispose d'une salle de bain/douche privative. The Apartment Features: Living room with screen TV and dining room area Separated kitchen 1 double bedroom with closet 1 private bathroom and private toilet 1 master bedroom with private toilet and private bathroom Free Wifi throughout  Located in the most exclusive area of Paris	Profitez pleinement de la capitale en séjournant dans cet appartement prestigieux de quatre pièces dans le quartier le plus chic de Paris, à deux pas du Trocadéro. Posez vos valises dans ce prestigieux appartement de quatre pièces classique et lumineux. Entrez dans un vaste séjour avec son espace salon, meublé confortablement pour se détendre, et son espace salle à manger, pour recevoir et partager en famille ou entre amis ; une cuisine équipée et indépendante vous le permettra. Jusqu'à quatre personnes pourrons profitez des deux chambres doubles, spacieuse et avec des rangements. Pour un confort optimal, chaque chambre dispose d'une salle de bain/douche privative. The Apartment Features: Living room with screen TV and dining room area Separated kitchen 1 double bedroom with closet 1 private bathroom and private toilet 1 master bedroom with private toilet and private bathroom Free Wifi throughout  Located in the most exclusive area of Paris A deux pas du Trocadéro, cet appartement est 
22402	110 sqm apartment. 2 rooms and 2 bathrooms and big living room with a sofa bed for a fifth person Fully equipped kitchen	Spacious and cosy in the best location in Paris. Enjoy spending your holiday in a 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms apartment , a large living room fully equipped for your next vacation. Classic beautiful apartment building with ELEVATOR. Free WIFI 110 sqm apartment. 2 rooms and 2 bathrooms and big living room with a sofa bed for a fifth person Fully equipped kitchen Free Wifi and LAN Internet TV Bed linen and towels included. Beds made.  Trash bags, toilet paper, provided. Ideal area to stay in Paris.  20 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Champs Elysees. You can easily walk to the Trocadero and the Arch de Triomphe. Many restaurants, nice shops and stores nearby.  Close to the lovely rue de Passy where you will find the famous market of Passy with typical food of Paris.  The beautiful park of Boulogne at walking distance.  Metro, Taxis and public transport 2 minutes walk. Metro La Muette, Line number 9 at 2 minutes walk. Check-in after 3 pm Check-out before 11:00am.
22403	Description: The princely 4 bedroom apartment, located on Avenue Victor Hugo in the 16th arrondissement is a 250 sqm, lavishly furnished flat placed on the 6th floor of a 19th Century French building capable of envisaging up to 10 people. The apartment comes equipped with a TV, dishwasher, dryer, high-speed internet access via WiFi, washer, stereo, balcony and a fireplace. The apartment also boasts of bed linens, kitchen utensils, pillows, blankets, towels, and much more such stuff.  The French building comes loaded with an elevator, a concierge, an intercom system and a security code check as well. Entrance: The 48 sqm grand entrance hall leads to either of the following:  bedroom 1, kitchen, bathroom 1 and the living room.  Living: The sumptuous 30 sqm living room is breathtaking! It is luxuriously equipped with a double sofa bed, a chest of drawers, a good-looking coffee table, two arm chairs, hardwood flooring and a decorative fireplace. The room also boasts of two enormous street-	Victor Hugo, a stylish district of Paris to be seen in Located near the Trocadéro and the Bois de Boulogne, the Victor Hugo district is a strategic location. Description: The princely 4 bedroom apartment, located on Avenue Victor Hugo in the 16th arrondissement is a 250 sqm, lavishly furnished flat placed on the 6th floor of a 19th Century French building capable of envisaging up to 10 people. The apartment comes equipped with a TV, dishwasher, dryer, high-speed internet access via WiFi, washer, stereo, balcony and a fireplace. The apartment also boasts of bed linens, kitchen utensils, pillows, blankets, towels, and much more such stuff.  The French building comes loaded with an elevator, a concierge, an intercom system and a security code check as well. Entrance: The 48 sqm grand entrance hall leads to either of the following:  bedroom 1, kitchen, bathroom 1 and the living room.  Living: The sumptuous 30 sqm living room is breathtaking! It is luxuriously equipped with a double sofa be
22404	"The location is amazingly close to the Trocadero ( 3 min walk) and the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk) Shopping streets with famous local markets are also 5 min away. 1st floor, access by lift and large stairways. very convenient also for older people. 7 people can live and sleep there very comfortably:  - 1 queen bed on the garden for the parents (210cm x 160 cm) - 2 children bedrooms with single genuine beds (200cm x 90cm) - in each child bedroom, the bed contains an additional sleeping place (200cm  long x 90cm large ) in a ""drawer"" below the bed. Stretching the drawer transforms the single bed into a bed for 2 people (one up, one down). both are genuine beds. (the 7th guest will sleep on the coach in the living room, but very comfortably) 2 bathrooms provide convenience in case of high occupation."	"Beautiful flat 10 min walk from Eiffel Tower. Stylish and cosy, the place is typical for an upper Parisian flat. Huge living room, fully equipped kitchen, 1 parent suite, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a sofa bed can accommodate up to 7 people comfort The location is amazingly close to the Trocadero ( 3 min walk) and the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk) Shopping streets with famous local markets are also 5 min away. 1st floor, access by lift and large stairways. very convenient also for older people. 7 people can live and sleep there very comfortably:  - 1 queen bed on the garden for the parents (210cm x 160 cm) - 2 children bedrooms with single genuine beds (200cm x 90cm) - in each child bedroom, the bed contains an additional sleeping place (200cm  long x 90cm large ) in a ""drawer"" below the bed. Stretching the drawer transforms the single bed into a bed for 2 people (one up, one down). both are genuine beds. (the 7th guest will sleep on the coach in the living room, but very comfortably) 2 b"
22405	Il  y a un lit 2 places plus un fauteuil , 1 armoire et une commode aussi la chambre est equipée d un ventilateur plafonnier, avec télécommande je fournis les draps les couvertures et les serviettes le schampooing et le gel douche. Possibilité de mettre un lit d'appoint.	il est à 10MN du centre commerciale beau grenelle pas loin du bois de boulogne et de de 20 MN de tour Eiffel. Un marché est à proximité 3 fois par semaine de fruits et légumes et poisson . Il  y a un lit 2 places plus un fauteuil , 1 armoire et une commode aussi la chambre est equipée d un ventilateur plafonnier, avec télécommande je fournis les draps les couvertures et les serviettes le schampooing et le gel douche. Possibilité de mettre un lit d'appoint. Accès au salon à SDB  au WC et à la cuisine. Je suis vehiculée et disponible afin de vous faire visiter PARIS avec un prix special. C'est un quartier super animé . mon logement est à 2mn à pied du metro. Je vous propose notamment de la cuisine marocaine à  la carte faite maison toujours avec un prix special.
22406	Large amazing flat in a wonderful location, right between Arc de Triomphe and Tour Eiffel, which are both reachable by walk.  Located on 6th floor (with lift) of a beautiful Haussmann period building, it comprises of an entrance hall, a living room with convertible sofabed, table, fire place and flat-screen TV.  Two bedrooms with double beds, fire place and closets in each, bathroom with bathtu, separate toilets, fully equipped separate kitchen.  Unique charm, very bright, nice view on Paris' roofs, wooden floor, fire places.  Perfect accommodation for a family or a group of friends.  Please not that the capasity is maximum 4 adults. The sofa bed is not suitable for adults. If you are 4 adults + 1 child then it is ok.	Large amazing flat in a wonderful location, right between Arc de Triomphe and Tour Eiffel, which are both to be reach by feet. Period building, perfect accommodation for a family or a group. Large amazing flat in a wonderful location, right between Arc de Triomphe and Tour Eiffel, which are both reachable by walk.  Located on 6th floor (with lift) of a beautiful Haussmann period building, it comprises of an entrance hall, a living room with convertible sofabed, table, fire place and flat-screen TV.  Two bedrooms with double beds, fire place and closets in each, bathroom with bathtu, separate toilets, fully equipped separate kitchen.  Unique charm, very bright, nice view on Paris' roofs, wooden floor, fire places.  Perfect accommodation for a family or a group of friends.  Please not that the capasity is maximum 4 adults. The sofa bed is not suitable for adults. If you are 4 adults + 1 child then it is ok. You will be welcomed by the dedicated apartment manager who will assist you in th
22407	Located in the beautiful 16 district (16ème arrondissement) of Paris, the flat is 45 m² with one double bed and one sofa bed.  It is just two minutes walking from the metro, 5 minutes walking from Trocadero and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The flat is very bright and there is a nice view over the roofs of Paris. There is also a bathroom (with bathtub, WC, and washing machine) and a kitchen fully equipped.  In the flat, there is WIFI and a TV. My flat is at the top floor (6th floor) but you have elevators in the building. The neighboorhood is very lively with many shops, supermarkets and bakeries around the corner but it is also very calm at night so it is perfect to sleep. It is also a safe neighborhood. To reach Champs Elysées, it is less than 5 minutes by metro and you will find a lot of museums within walking distance (Guimet, Marmottan Monet, Quai Branly, Modern Art Museum and Tokyo Palace). Enjoy your stay!	Located in an upscale district of Paris, the flat is 45 m² and has just been renovated. There is one double bed and one sofa bed.  It is just one minute walking from the metro, 4 metro stations to Champs Elysees and 10 min walk to the Eiffel Tower.  Located in the beautiful 16 district (16ème arrondissement) of Paris, the flat is 45 m² with one double bed and one sofa bed.  It is just two minutes walking from the metro, 5 minutes walking from Trocadero and 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower. The flat is very bright and there is a nice view over the roofs of Paris. There is also a bathroom (with bathtub, WC, and washing machine) and a kitchen fully equipped.  In the flat, there is WIFI and a TV. My flat is at the top floor (6th floor) but you have elevators in the building. The neighboorhood is very lively with many shops, supermarkets and bakeries around the corner but it is also very calm at night so it is perfect to sleep. It is also a safe neighborhood. To reach Champs Elysées, it is 
22408	Our apartment is based on the 1st floor (with an elevator). It comprises: - large dining room and living room with all entertainment equipment, - a fully equipped kitchen, - 2 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a king size bed and 1 bedroom with 2 single beds for children (+ baby bed if needed) - A king size sofa bed in the living room - 1 bathrooms (one bath), - 1 toilet (separated from the bathrooms). Linen & towels are provided. Equipment & amenities: TV, Music set, free wifi access, dishwasher, oven, cooking table and kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, washing machine. Place du Trocadéro : a very central and enjoyable area in Paris, close to the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower. Underground: - From Gare du Nord (Eurostar): take line 2 and stop at Victor Hugo or take the RER E and stop at the Gare Saint Lazare, then take the line number 9 until the Rue de la Pompe stop - From CDG airport: take the RER B and stop at the Gare du Nord, then take the RER E and stop at the Gare Saint Laz	A spacious flat (80m^2 - 1st floor with elevator) in the heart of Paris, located in the Place du Trocadéro neighborhood, at 15 minutes walk from the Champs Elysées and Eiffel Tower. Located in a private and calm area. Ideal for families. Our apartment is based on the 1st floor (with an elevator). It comprises: - large dining room and living room with all entertainment equipment, - a fully equipped kitchen, - 2 bedrooms: 1 bedroom with a king size bed and 1 bedroom with 2 single beds for children (+ baby bed if needed) - A king size sofa bed in the living room - 1 bathrooms (one bath), - 1 toilet (separated from the bathrooms). Linen & towels are provided. Equipment & amenities: TV, Music set, free wifi access, dishwasher, oven, cooking table and kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, fridge, washing machine. Place du Trocadéro : a very central and enjoyable area in Paris, close to the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower. Underground: - From Gare du Nord (Eurostar): take line 2 and stop at V
22409	Il est situé idéalement pour visiter Paris	Je sous loue mon studio refait dernièrement à neuf, meublé d'une surface de 27m2 situé rue de Passy.   SOUS LOCATION POSSIBLE DU 1ER AU 8 AOUT INCLUS uniquement.  375€ la semaine. Caution demandée (restituée a l'état des lieux de sortie)  Il est situé idéalement pour visiter Paris Studio 27m2 Métro ligne 9 et RER C situés à 2min à pieds. Proche toutes commodités (Commerces, restaurants, marché), proche Trocadéro, Tour Eiffel Cuisine complètement équipée : grille pain, four, micro ondes, frigo avec vrai congélateur, bouilloire, appareil a croque monsieur, vaisselle en grande quantité. Possède également un bar à l'américaine et deux tabourets hauts Salle d'eau fermée par une porte coulissante avec cabine de douche, grand miroir et lavabo avec ces nombreux jeux de serviette et de draps. Machine a laver et étendoir. Fer à repasser et planche. Petite TV ecran plat. Internet fibre avec Freebox (WIFI) Canapé convertible en lit double tres confortable,  Petite penderie à l'entrée avec étagère 
22410	This is a small house in a (website hidden) is surrounded by heritage-listed Russian houses. The house is on two floors: first floor : the lounge kitchen office (decorated like a boat) basement : bedroom and bathroom Outside, a private garden corridor to reach the entrance. Three large windows facing South West give a beautiful light in the late afternoon. It is nice to have a small drink at 18h, open windows and let the fresh air and birdsong enter ... In the basement, no noise penetrates, which is very nice to sleep ...	Enjoy a quiet and charming moment in this little parisian house.  Situated among heritage Russian houses, you will love its character ! Close to the Eiffel Tower, and well connected to public transports : Paris is at hand. Welcome home ! This is a small house in a (website hidden) is surrounded by heritage-listed Russian houses. The house is on two floors: first floor : the lounge kitchen office (decorated like a boat) basement : bedroom and bathroom Outside, a private garden corridor to reach the entrance. Three large windows facing South West give a beautiful light in the late afternoon. It is nice to have a small drink at 18h, open windows and let the fresh air and birdsong enter ... In the basement, no noise penetrates, which is very nice to sleep ... The house is yours ! I will welcome you on arrival at the house.  A small tour of the premises to show you how everything works and I'll let you enjoy the house. During your stay, I will be reachable by phone in case of worries. I wil
22411	L'appartement (50 m²) comprend une pièce principale d'environ 20 m² où cuisine équipée avec salle à manger et salon chaleureux. Télévision et wifi. Un couloir dessert une salle de douche et 2 chambres indépendantes : une avec 2 lits simples et une avec 1 lit double. Rangements dans chaque chambre, les draps et le linge de toilette sont fournis. The apartment (538 sq ft) includes one main room (215 sq ft) where equipped kitchen with eating area and warn lounge. Television and wifi. A corridor serves leads to shower-room and 2 independant bedrooms : one with 2 single beds and one with a double bed. Arrangements in each rooms, sheets and bathroom linen are supplied.	Vous cherchez un lieu confortable et calme pour y séjourner quelques jours à Paris ? Cet appartement de 50 m² (538 sq ft) avec 2 chambres est fait pour VOUS !!! Situé à 2 pas de la station Ranelagh, il est situé sur un JARDIN calme et lumineux... L'appartement (50 m²) comprend une pièce principale d'environ 20 m² où cuisine équipée avec salle à manger et salon chaleureux. Télévision et wifi. Un couloir dessert une salle de douche et 2 chambres indépendantes : une avec 2 lits simples et une avec 1 lit double. Rangements dans chaque chambre, les draps et le linge de toilette sont fournis. The apartment (538 sq ft) includes one main room (215 sq ft) where equipped kitchen with eating area and warn lounge. Television and wifi. A corridor serves leads to shower-room and 2 independant bedrooms : one with 2 single beds and one with a double bed. Arrangements in each rooms, sheets and bathroom linen are supplied. J'habite tout près de l'appartement et ferai tout mon possible pour rendre le séj
22412		1 grande pièce principale genre loft 1 cuisine américaine toute équipée Machine à laver linge et vaisselle  Salle de bain  terrasse 7ème étage ascenseur
22413	Maison unique dans Paris, fond de cour, très calme avec terrasse.	   Dans une collocation de 3 personnes, une grande chambre sous les toits, avec salle de bain personnelle.  Maison calme et charmante.  Proche des métro 2, 9, 6 et des commerces, en bord de Seine.     Maison unique dans Paris, fond de cour, très calme avec terrasse. Quartier très commerçant et familial deux colocataires très sympas métro 6, 9, 2 bus (phone number hidden) RER C
22414	Appartement particulièrement calme, avec un balcon de 10 mètres de long donnant sur un jardin arboré, situé dans un immeuble moderne à 4 minutes à pied de la place du Trocadéro, et à 9 minutes de la tour Eiffel.  et avec le calme d'une vue sur une cour arborée.  Un petit balcon de 10 mètres longe l'appartement. Tout le confort nécessaire.  Ascenseur & garage voiture dans l'immeuble (accès direct/compris dans le prix). Le quartier est idéal pour les touristes car bien desservi par les transports en commun: la station Trocadéro est un arrêt obligatoire de tous les bus de découverte de Paris (Big Bus Paris, ParisCityVision).  Vous accédez directement aux bateaux-mouches et à la Tour Eiffel en traversant le pont d’Iéna, en contrebas du Trocadéro. L'ensemble des monuments et musées sont aisément accessibles par bus et métro, certains à pied. A deux pas d'un supermarché, de tous commerces, de nombreux cafés et restaurants rue de Passy qui pourront vous permettre de sortir le soir si vous ne 	Appartement particulièrement calme, avec un balcon de 10 mètres de long donnant sur un jardin arboré, situé dans un immeuble moderne à 4 minutes à pied de la place du Trocadéro, et à 9 minutes de la tour Eiffel.  et avec le calme d'une vue sur une cour arborée.  Un petit balcon de 10 mètres longe l'appartement. Tout le confort nécessaire.  Ascenseur & garage voiture dans l'immeuble (accès direct/compris dans le prix). Le quartier est idéal pour les touristes car bien desservi par les transports en commun: la station Trocadéro est un arrêt obligatoire de tous les bus de découverte de Paris (Big Bus Paris, ParisCityVision).  Vous accédez directement aux bateaux-mouches et à la Tour Eiffel en traversant le pont d’Iéna, en contrebas du Trocadéro. L'ensemble des monuments et musées sont aisément accessibles par bus et métro, certains à pied. A deux pas d'un supermarché, de tous commerces, de nombreux cafés et restaurants rue de Passy qui pourront vous permettre de sortir le soir si vous ne 
22415	Luxury, SERVICE INCLUDED 150 sq.mtr/ 1615 sq.ft Residence, Eiffel Tower view 3-BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR RENT: CENTRAL PARIS Luxury Residence Haussmann style central courtyard building, with circular stairs and elevator Between Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe Fully furnished apartment with modern appliances and amenities in classical-style Paris elevator building, right in the heart of the prestigious 16th arrondissement of Paris -- 2 minutes' walk to the Place Victor Hugo, 5 minutes to the Trocadero, and just 12 minutes to the most beautiful avenue in the world… the Champs Elysees! The apartment is ideal for spending great holidays in Paris, either for a family or a couple of friends: The 50 square-meter double living room boasts a beautiful Hungarian Points parquet floor leading to windowed doors and a 15-meter balcony (with flowers in season). Under a ceiling with decorative mouldings there is a large, contemporary dining table easily seating six and two large, comfortable sofas for en	Right in the heart of the prestigious 16th a Great deal… Luxury, SERVICE INCLUDED 150 sq.mtr/ 1615 sq.ft Residence. Eiffel Tower view apartment that includes 3 times a week a housekeeping caring, for an agreeable Parisian holidays Luxury, SERVICE INCLUDED 150 sq.mtr/ 1615 sq.ft Residence, Eiffel Tower view 3-BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR RENT: CENTRAL PARIS Luxury Residence Haussmann style central courtyard building, with circular stairs and elevator Between Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe Fully furnished apartment with modern appliances and amenities in classical-style Paris elevator building, right in the heart of the prestigious 16th arrondissement of Paris -- 2 minutes' walk to the Place Victor Hugo, 5 minutes to the Trocadero, and just 12 minutes to the most beautiful avenue in the world… the Champs Elysees! The apartment is ideal for spending great holidays in Paris, either for a family or a couple of friends: The 50 square-meter double living room boasts a beautiful Hungarian Points pa
22416	Live the parisian experience	"Typical parisian studio in a prestigious address at walking distance from the Eiffel Tower (17sqm, fully furnished, entirely refurbished in Jan 15). Subway (rue de La Pompe - Ligne 9) and local shops (bakery, groceries,..) are at 2mn walk. Live the parisian experience The flat is situated on the 6th floor of the building (accessible with lift), under the roof. Don't hesitate to ask if you want tips and advices. I have lived my whole life in Paris, and particularly enjoy sharing good adresses of restaurants, shopping, visits, etc... I would be more than happy to contribute making your Parisian experience unique! Prestigious parisian neighborhood (16e arrondissement) with local shops and ""village"" ambiance. 2 mn walk from the subway (Ligne 9 - rue de La Pompe), the RER (RER C - Henri Martin), the bus (Ligne 52), and a taxi station. bedsheets and towel are provided"
22417	"Charming apartment, bright and quiet, renovated attic at 6th and last floor in the old Paris. A large room of 25 m2 with a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The living room is composed of a sofa and a sofa bed (110 * 190), flat screen TV, WIFI (5€ per stay), wardrobe, a real bed of 140 * 200 and plenty of storage The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, microwave, coffee maker, sink, dishwasher,  ceramic hob), new crockery The bathroom has a spacious shower Italian style, sink, mirror, toilet and heated towel rail. Decoration: all new Bed linen and towels provided Home: neat and proper Haussmann building with a grand entrance in the main building, with elevator, right in the heart of the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. Subway Line 2 ""Victor Hugo"" and line 9 ""Trocadéro"" Ideally situated between the Eiffel Tower and the Trocadero and Avenue Foch, close to the OECD and 2 min walk from shops, restaurants, the best bakeries in Paris, and markets. Balzac's house and the Win"	"This flat with separate bathroom has been created in 2013, under the roofs of Paris, in a secure area of Paris, in walking distance to the Eiffel tower. Enjoy the luxurious equipments, the calm and the excellent location! Charming apartment, bright and quiet, renovated attic at 6th and last floor in the old Paris. A large room of 25 m2 with a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. The living room is composed of a sofa and a sofa bed (110 * 190), flat screen TV, WIFI (5€ per stay), wardrobe, a real bed of 140 * 200 and plenty of storage The kitchen is fully equipped (fridge, microwave, coffee maker, sink, dishwasher,  ceramic hob), new crockery The bathroom has a spacious shower Italian style, sink, mirror, toilet and heated towel rail. Decoration: all new Bed linen and towels provided Home: neat and proper Haussmann building with a grand entrance in the main building, with elevator, right in the heart of the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower. Subway Line 2 ""Victor Hugo"" and"
22418	 2 pièces clair plein de charme au calme dans une impasse privée,. La campagne à Paris . A 50 métres de la rue de Passy. Prestations haut de gamme, concierge, digicode, Internet illimité, Wifi. 1 chambre avec dressing ,1 salle de bains ,un WC séparé, un grand salon , une cuisine équipée. Television dans le salon et dans la chambre, lecteurs de DVD.  . Proche métro Muette direct Galeries Lafayette et métro Passy direct Champs Elysées. Le quartier Passy est un des plus connus de Paris pour le shopping. Nombreux restaurants et bars.  Nombreux Commerces d'alimentation. Boulangeries, boucheries, marche couvert. Proche Tour Eiffel, Trocadero, Musée des arts premiers, palais de tokyo. possibilité location parking	 2 pieces premier etage, clair plein de charme au calme, prestations haut de gamme, concierge, digicode, Internet illimité, Wifi.Televisions salon et chambre. 1 chambre  avec lit double 140 sur 200 avec dressing ,1 salle de bains avec baignoire .  2 pièces clair plein de charme au calme dans une impasse privée,. La campagne à Paris . A 50 métres de la rue de Passy. Prestations haut de gamme, concierge, digicode, Internet illimité, Wifi. 1 chambre avec dressing ,1 salle de bains ,un WC séparé, un grand salon , une cuisine équipée. Television dans le salon et dans la chambre, lecteurs de DVD.  . Proche métro Muette direct Galeries Lafayette et métro Passy direct Champs Elysées. Le quartier Passy est un des plus connus de Paris pour le shopping. Nombreux restaurants et bars.  Nombreux Commerces d'alimentation. Boulangeries, boucheries, marche couvert. Proche Tour Eiffel, Trocadero, Musée des arts premiers, palais de tokyo. possibilité location parking 
22419	Situé à 5 minutes de marche des Jardins du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel, ce studio haussmanien de 35 métres carrés dispose d'une télévision et d'une cuisine équipée. Une connexion Wi-fi gratuite ainsi que 35 chaînes et internet sont disponibles dans cet hébergement élégant et raffiné. (La mezzanine aux tons chauds est propice à la détente). La cuisine équipée dispose d'un four traditinnel, d' un micro-ondes,d'une cafetière nespresso accompagnée de diverses dosettes, d'une bouilloire et d'un grille-pain.  Le studio étant situé au rez-de-chaussée, il est accessible du plus grand nombre/aux personnes à mobilité réduite. Il vous sera aisé de visiter les nombreux monuments qu'offre la Capitale grâce à la station de métro Passy située à 400 mètres seulement du lieu d'habitation	Situé à 5 minutes de marche des Jardins du Trocadéro et de la Tour Eiffel, ce studio haussmanien de 35 métres carrés dispose d'une télévision et d'une cuisine équipée. Une connexion Wi-fi gratuite ainsi que 35 chaînes et internet sont disponibles dans cet hébergement élégant et raffiné. (La mezzanine aux tons chauds est propice à la détente). La cuisine équipée dispose d'un four traditinnel, d' un micro-ondes,d'une cafetière nespresso accompagnée de diverses dosettes, d'une bouilloire et d'un grille-pain.  Le studio étant situé au rez-de-chaussée, il est accessible du plus grand nombre/aux personnes à mobilité réduite. Il vous sera aisé de visiter les nombreux monuments qu'offre la Capitale grâce à la station de métro Passy située à 400 mètres seulement du lieu d'habitation
22420		Chambre dans un appartement familial, proche du Trocadéro, des commerces, du métro et des bus. Cette situation permet de se déplacer facilement dans Paris dans un environnement particulièrement agréable. 
22421	The studio has been renovated by an interior designer recently.  The space is small but very well optimized.  Colors: Wengé (floor and desk) and white. Bathroom and kitchen are very well equiped. Individual ventilation and heating systems. Wifi. Very quiet (overlooks a courtyard). Bright the day and electric blind for total darkness during night time. The sofa bed is high-quality, as confortable as a real bed and easy to unfold. The mastress is 50 cm thick! Towels and sheets provided. 3rd floor with ascensor. Caretaker, code and intercom. Steel security door.	Studio renovated in August 2014 by an interior designer and located in a very nice neighbourhood of Paris. The studio has been renovated by an interior designer recently.  The space is small but very well optimized.  Colors: Wengé (floor and desk) and white. Bathroom and kitchen are very well equiped. Individual ventilation and heating systems. Wifi. Very quiet (overlooks a courtyard). Bright the day and electric blind for total darkness during night time. The sofa bed is high-quality, as confortable as a real bed and easy to unfold. The mastress is 50 cm thick! Towels and sheets provided. 3rd floor with ascensor. Caretaker, code and intercom. Steel security door. I live in the same building so I will be pleased to help you during your stay in case you need anything. The flat is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. This a neighbourhood as we like it in Paris, with a lot of small and good quality shops and a supermarket down the flat. There are also some good quality restaurants
22422	"=> 538 sqft=50 M2 with 1 Bedroom 6th (=last) floor with lift Flat description : * Living-room with 1 sofa double-bed+1 single-bed, WI-FI Internet box and large TV screen * Kitchen with micro-oven, washing-dryer machine, and fridge with freezer compartment * Separate toilet * Bathroom with wall-towel drier * Bedroom with king-size bed => Located in a majestic building ""Pierre de Taille"" of 1850, peaceful and secured including concierge, caretaker, entry phone, doors with security code with a large entrance hall. => Nearby  Metro ""Porte Dauphine"" , directly to ETOILE station (2 stations) and connected to 400 Paris Metro stations, Nearby RER C ""Avenue Foch"" to go directly to : VERSAILLES Castle (outside Paris) , INVALIDES, ORSAY MUSEUM, Quartier Latin (SAINT-MICHEL).   Nearby  VLIB (Paris bicycle station), Tennis Club, Grocery  and Restaurants. => Avenue FOCH is a quiet and large avenue finishing to Arc de Triomphe Place. Near by Champs-Elysées. => Close to Bois de Boulogne (half a mile) "	"=> 538 sqft=50 M2 with 1 Bedroom 6th (=last) floor with lift Flat description : * Living-room with 1 sofa double-bed+1 single-bed, WI-FI Internet box and large TV screen * Kitchen with micro-oven, washing-dryer machine, and fridge with freezer compartment * Separate toilet * Bathroom with wall-towel drier * Bedroom with king-size bed => Located in a majestic building ""Pierre de Taille"" of 1850, peaceful and secured including concierge, caretaker, entry phone, doors with security code with a large entrance hall. => Nearby  Metro ""Porte Dauphine"" , directly to ETOILE station (2 stations) and connected to 400 Paris Metro stations, Nearby RER C ""Avenue Foch"" to go directly to : VERSAILLES Castle (outside Paris) , INVALIDES, ORSAY MUSEUM, Quartier Latin (SAINT-MICHEL).   Nearby  VLIB (Paris bicycle station), Tennis Club, Grocery  and Restaurants. => Avenue FOCH is a quiet and large avenue finishing to Arc de Triomphe Place. Near by Champs-Elysées. => Close to Bois de Boulogne (half a mile) "
22423		La Tour Eiffel et les Champs Elysées sont à quinze minutes à pied, la plupart des sites touristiques parisiens sont à proximité.  Le quartier est l'un des plus chics de Paris.
22424	Trés bel appartement à deux pas de la Seine , pouvant aqueillir 5 personnes ,deux chambres ,un canapé lit dans le salon,deux salles de bain,deux toilettes,cuisine équipée linge de maison fourni.	Appartement de 98m2 situé au rez de chaussée d'un superbe immeuble Haussmanien.  Un petit village au coeur de Paris ou vous trouverez tous commerces au coin de la rue . A 15 minutes à pieds De L'arc de Triomphe,du Trocadéro et des Champs Elysées. Trés bel appartement à deux pas de la Seine , pouvant aqueillir 5 personnes ,deux chambres ,un canapé lit dans le salon,deux salles de bain,deux toilettes,cuisine équipée linge de maison fourni. a 5 mn des Champs Elysees,la Seine,le Trocadero,l'Arc de Triomphe je remet les clefs aux locataires et suis à leurs disposition si besoin est de leurs expliquer le quartier ainsi que tout ce qu'ils désirent faire tout en étant à proximitée du Bois de Boulogne  du lac donc de la nature vous étes à deux pas de tout. métre Pompe ou Victor Hugo
22425	L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé. Des gardiens surveillent, jour et nuit, l' accès à l'immeuble et le parking en sous-sol, avec supplément, où vous pouvez garer votre véhicule sous contrôle vidéo.  L'appartement ,auquel vous accédez rapidement par l' ascenseur, surprend par son calme et la luminosité que lui procurent d' immenses baies vitrées donnant sur une grande cour très bien arborée.  La décoration contemporaine est épurée. Une simple poussée du doigt sur des panneaux de bois laqué blanc fait apparaître à leur ouverture un équipement très complet : vaisselle de qualité et appareils électroménagers performants.  Descriptif :  - Cuisine américaine et plan de travail en granite noir, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four micro ondes, machine à laver la vaisselle, machine à laver séchante.  - Salon. Un canapé lit 2 places, une table basse, TV plasma, chaîne Hifi.  - Chambre . Un lit pour deux personnes. 140X190.  - Salle de bains. Une baignoire/douche et un lavabo.  	    Rien de mieux qu' un propriétaire amoureux de son appartement pour vous garantir un bon séjour. C' est le cas ici, de ce propriétaire du Havre qui séjourne de temps en temps dans cet appartement du Boulevard Suchet, quartier des Ambassades.   L'immeuble est très bien sécurisé. Des gardiens surveillent, jour et nuit, l' accès à l'immeuble et le parking en sous-sol, avec supplément, où vous pouvez garer votre véhicule sous contrôle vidéo.  L'appartement ,auquel vous accédez rapidement par l' ascenseur, surprend par son calme et la luminosité que lui procurent d' immenses baies vitrées donnant sur une grande cour très bien arborée.  La décoration contemporaine est épurée. Une simple poussée du doigt sur des panneaux de bois laqué blanc fait apparaître à leur ouverture un équipement très complet : vaisselle de qualité et appareils électroménagers performants.  Descriptif :  - Cuisine américaine et plan de travail en granite noir, plaques à induction, réfrigérateur, congélateur, four mi
22426	> 1st floor : entrance - living room - kitchen - 1 bedroom with sofa bed > 2nd floor : Large bedroom - Bathroom with large shower - Dressing 	"This bright and charm full duplex has been totally reformed and fully equipped. It is situated in a very quiet private “Villa”, in the heart of the “Auteuil Village” > 1st floor : entrance - living room - kitchen - 1 bedroom with sofa bed > 2nd floor : Large bedroom - Bathroom with large shower - Dressing  Speak fluent english, spanish and portuguese This residential area kept its vivid soul thanks to the numerous shops, the village market and its warm full restaurants. The Seine riverside is nearby, and The Eiffel (email hidden) by metro. The “Bois de Boulogne” (the biggest park in Paris), the “Parc des Princes” stadium (Football) and Roland Garros are just a 10 mn walk. The famous “Passy” area with its large offer of parisians boutiques is also very near. "" Metro Michel-Ange Auteuil Dishwasher - Linen  Intercom - Armoured door - Digicode Individual heating and electric boiler In the neighborhood :  Laundry - Supermarket - Kiosque à journaux - Bakery - Grocery - Pharmacy - Restaurante"
22427	Situé dans le XVIème arrondissement, vous serez dans Paris	Lovely 35m2 in the 16th arrondissement, (subway line 9 : Exelmans). The apartment is composed by a kitchen, bedroom, bathroom & WC and a bright living room. It is located less than 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower and 15 from the Champs Elysées. 
22428	"Le logement La chambre est simple et confortable, dotée d'un lit avec sommer ""ras du sol"" à la japonaise, pour un sommeil en toute quiétude. Elle est équipée d'un placard avec penderie, radio- réveil et double vitrage. La vue donne directement sur la rue de Passy et ses nombreux magasins, toujours animée en journée, mais calme le soir. Un lit simple peut être mis si besoin pour une 3eme personne.  Le logement se trouve au sein d'un immeuble cossu du XVI eme arrondissement. Il comprends un grand salon design et épuré proposant tout le confort moderne et technologique : TV, Wifi, DVD, Playstation, bar.. Une cuisine tout équipée (four, micro-onde, frigo, séche-linge, lave-vaiselle, machine à café...) est également accessible. Des WC séparés et une salle de bain avec baignoire viennent complétés l'appartement. Le logement se situe à 1 minute de l'arrêt de métro Passy. Une borne Velib ainsi qu'une borne Autolib se trouvent en face de l'appartement "	"Le logement La chambre est simple et confortable, dotée d'un lit avec sommer ""ras du sol"" à la japonaise, pour un sommeil en toute quiétude. Elle est équipée d'un placard avec penderie, radio- réveil et double vitrage. La vue donne directement sur la rue de Passy et ses nombreux magasins, toujours animée en journée, mais calme le soir. Un lit simple peut être mis si besoin pour une 3eme personne.  Le logement se trouve au sein d'un immeuble cossu du XVI eme arrondissement. Il comprends un grand salon design et épuré proposant tout le confort moderne et technologique : TV, Wifi, DVD, Playstation, bar.. Une cuisine tout équipée (four, micro-onde, frigo, séche-linge, lave-vaiselle, machine à café...) est également accessible. Des WC séparés et une salle de bain avec baignoire viennent complétés l'appartement. Le logement se situe à 1 minute de l'arrêt de métro Passy. Une borne Velib ainsi qu'une borne Autolib se trouvent en face de l'appartement Quartier : Simple et chic, élégant et intem"
22429	" 20% DISCOUNT FOR A LIMITED TIME. THE DISCOUNT CANNOT BE APPLIED AUTOMATICALLY IF YOU BOOK SO CONTACT ME AND REQUEST A SPECIAL OFFER. EVEN IF THE CALENDAR SHOW YOU DATES AS ""NOT AVAILABLE"" IS A GOOD IDEA TO CHECK, TO MAKE SURE I'LL GET YOUR REQUEST WHEN COMPOSING THE EMAIL TYPE IT MANUALLY, HERE IS MY CONTACT: clairehost@outlôôk.cóm"	A pretty apartment with one big room and his sunny view on the top of the building. You can appreciate the kitchen and big living room to enjoy your stay. Beside you will
22430	 Mon logement se situe dans un quartier très sécurisé avec des commerçants a proximité pour vous cuisiner vos repas. C'est une chambre calme au bout d'un appartement qui donne sur une cour.	Nous louons une chambre avec salle de bain. A 7 minutes de la Tour Eiffel à pied, 2 minutes du métro et des commerçants. Internet est disponible ainsi que la cuisine. Un lit supplémentaire peut être mis dans la chambre si vous êtes deux.  Mon logement se situe dans un quartier très sécurisé avec des commerçants a proximité pour vous cuisiner vos repas. C'est une chambre calme au bout d'un appartement qui donne sur une cour. De nombreux métros, bus sont situes a 2 minutes de la maison
22431		Muette / Ranelagh area. Cut stones building, close to the metro and shops. 6th floor , elevator , code, intercom, very quiet and sunny, direct access to the sites. 4-5 beds : 1 double , 1 drawer bed, 1 convertible .. fitted kitchen without dishwasher
22432		Bonjour, Je sous loue ma chambre de 10 m² pour les mois de juillet, aout et septembre situé à Paris (16ème), meublé, coin cuisine, salle de bain, charges comprises (internet,électricité, chauffage).
22433	appartement  de 80m2  dans immeuble haussmannien situé  au rez de chaussée dans rue calme proche de tous les commerces, restaurants, boutiques, Musées, 3 minutes à pieds du TROCADERO (TOUR EIFFEL en face) 15 minutes des champs Elysées, ligne métro 6 TROCADERO et 9 rue de la Pompe, Proche des boutiques de la rue de Passy et de l'Avenue Victor Hugo (tout près). comprenant : une entrée avec placard - un cabinet de toilette et toilettes. une cuisine donnant sur jardin, avec lave vaisselle - lave linge - seche linge - four - bouilloire - plaques vitro et gaz- 1 salon spacieux avec canapé lit confortable - une TV grand écran plat avec lecteur dvd blu-ray - cheminée parquet. Une grande chambre de 20 m2 avec un lit 140 pour 2 - un grand canapé 3 places - une armoire - TV écran plat. - salle de bains avec baignoire à bulles et lavabos. Je garde juste ma chambre dans l'appartement et si je suis là vous aurez votre petit déjeuner tous les matins ! Prévoir 50 Euros pour la femme de ménage en fin d	l'appartement est libre Juillet et Août. La location se fait à la quinzaine ou au mois. Je ne suis pas là. peux aussi se faire du 1au 15 Septembre. appartement  de 80m2  dans immeuble haussmannien situé  au rez de chaussée dans rue calme proche de tous les commerces, restaurants, boutiques, Musées, 3 minutes à pieds du TROCADERO (TOUR EIFFEL en face) 15 minutes des champs Elysées, ligne métro 6 TROCADERO et 9 rue de la Pompe, Proche des boutiques de la rue de Passy et de l'Avenue Victor Hugo (tout près). comprenant : une entrée avec placard - un cabinet de toilette et toilettes. une cuisine donnant sur jardin, avec lave vaisselle - lave linge - seche linge - four - bouilloire - plaques vitro et gaz- 1 salon spacieux avec canapé lit confortable - une TV grand écran plat avec lecteur dvd blu-ray - cheminée parquet. Une grande chambre de 20 m2 avec un lit 140 pour 2 - un grand canapé 3 places - une armoire - TV écran plat. - salle de bains avec baignoire à bulles et lavabos. Je garde just
22434	Beau studio de 35 m² au 1er étage sur jardin au calme d'un immeuble avec ascenseur.  coin salon avec canapé convertible (TV, wifi), cuisine équipée (vaisselle complète, four  et micro ondes, bouilloire, grille pain, plaques à induction, frigo, machine Espresso, lave-vaisselle), grande SDB équipée avec baignoire et lave linge. L’appartement est à: - 5 min à pied du métro Victor Hugo(L2) et Rue de la Pompe(L9) - 10 min à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées - 10 min à pied de Trocadéro et Tour Eiffel Supermarché, restaurants et commerces à proximité.  Le Bois de Boulogne, très agréable pour courir ou faire un pique nique est à 5 minutes écran plat, câble, connexion internet wifi, système de son stéréo.Lave linge, planche et fer à repasser. Shampoing, savons, draps et serviettes fournies. ******************************************* Nice 35 m2 (375sqft) studio apartment in a calm/secure apartment complex. 1st floor overlooking the garden, with elevator. Living room with a sofa bed, 	Beau studio de 35 m² au 1er étage sur jardin au calme coin salon avec canapé convertible, cuisine équipée (vaisselle complète, four  et micro ondes, bouilloire, grille pain, plaques à induction, frigo, lave vaisselle), grande SDB avec baignoire Beau studio de 35 m² au 1er étage sur jardin au calme d'un immeuble avec ascenseur.  coin salon avec canapé convertible (TV, wifi), cuisine équipée (vaisselle complète, four  et micro ondes, bouilloire, grille pain, plaques à induction, frigo, machine Espresso, lave-vaisselle), grande SDB équipée avec baignoire et lave linge. L’appartement est à: - 5 min à pied du métro Victor Hugo(L2) et Rue de la Pompe(L9) - 10 min à pied de l'Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées - 10 min à pied de Trocadéro et Tour Eiffel Supermarché, restaurants et commerces à proximité.  Le Bois de Boulogne, très agréable pour courir ou faire un pique nique est à 5 minutes écran plat, câble, connexion internet wifi, système de son stéréo.Lave linge, planche et fer à repasser. 
22435	Make your stay in Paris unforgettable ! My apartment is cozy, lovely, full of charm, and located 5 minutes away from Trocadero in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris.  You can reach anywhere in Paris in 10 to 30 minutes thanks to the amazing transportation we have in the neighborhood. The apartment has a lot of light and is a very peaceful place to live in.  It has a large double living room, equipped with a large screen TV and wifi.   The bedroom has a Queen size bed and storages.  The small kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, a dishwasher, a small oven, and anything you need to prepare your delicacies.  The bathroom has a small bathtub, to help you relax after a long day walking around this beautiful city. The area is extremely safe and quiet, the apartment is located in a dead end street wich makes it specially peaceful (you can even hear the birds sing when it's sunny!).  You will have all the commodities around: bakeries, butchers, supermakets, banks and pharmacies,	Warm and comfortable room in a cozy apartment, very well located in Trocadero, next to many transports. The apartment has a lot of light and is equipped with everything you'll need. Important fact: I have a cat, so I can only accept animal lovers :) Make your stay in Paris unforgettable ! My apartment is cozy, lovely, full of charm, and located 5 minutes away from Trocadero in the heart of the 16th arrondissement of Paris.  You can reach anywhere in Paris in 10 to 30 minutes thanks to the amazing transportation we have in the neighborhood. The apartment has a lot of light and is a very peaceful place to live in.  It has a large double living room, equipped with a large screen TV and wifi.   The bedroom has a Queen size bed and storages.  The small kitchen is fully equipped with a fridge, a dishwasher, a small oven, and anything you need to prepare your delicacies.  The bathroom has a small bathtub, to help you relax after a long day walking around this beautiful city. The area is extre
22436	Calm, bright, on a small garden	1 Room completely independent 10 m², calme sur jardin, avec lit simple, frigidaire, cuisson, toilette et douche sur le palier. Paris 16ème, proche métro Ranelagh.  Commerces à deux pas. 1 personne par chambre.  Possibilité de location 3 chambres. Calm, bright, on a small garden
22437	The apartment is at the 4th French floor with elevator.  You will find at your disposal :  1 dining / living room with spacious balcony 1 children bedroom with 2 single beds. 1 parental bedroom with a very spacious balcony 1 full equiped kitchen with spacious balcony 1 seperated toilets and 1 with the bathroom 1 bathroom with a bathtub  The apartment is very spacious and sober. It will make up for families or groups.  The kitchen offers all the equipments you need. You will find 2 TV with international channels, 1 in the parental bedroom and 1 in the living room.  Furthemore you will enjoy a very big and spacious balcony on the kitchen living room and parental bedroom.  15 mn walking from Eiffel tower, the Ranelagh garden, the Bois de Boulogne, l´hippodrome d´Auteuil, la maison de radio France. Many shops and stores are close to the apartment: bakery, butchery, supermarket, open air food market, restaurant, cafe, laundromat, doctor, hospital, drugstore. The very well know rue de Passy 	This 75 square meters 2 bedrooms apartment is located on av Victor Hugo in the 16th district of Paris just next to the place Victor Hugo and not so far from Trocadero. It offers 1 living/dining room, 2 bedrooms, 1 separate WC, kitchen and bathroom The apartment is at the 4th French floor with elevator.  You will find at your disposal :  1 dining / living room with spacious balcony 1 children bedroom with 2 single beds. 1 parental bedroom with a very spacious balcony 1 full equiped kitchen with spacious balcony 1 seperated toilets and 1 with the bathroom 1 bathroom with a bathtub  The apartment is very spacious and sober. It will make up for families or groups.  The kitchen offers all the equipments you need. You will find 2 TV with international channels, 1 in the parental bedroom and 1 in the living room.  Furthemore you will enjoy a very big and spacious balcony on the kitchen living room and parental bedroom.  15 mn walking from Eiffel tower, the Ranelagh garden, the Bois de Boulogn
22438	Quartier chic avec toutes les commodites  nécessaire ( super marche, restaurant, bus...)	"Beautiful 38"" studio in porte maillot, 5 min walk from the famous street champs elysee and direct shuttle from the 3 airports.Restaurants, boulangeries supermarket in front of building. The apartement include 1 bed and a sofa bed.u will find fully furnished kitchen washing machine lift and nespresso machine. Quartier chic avec toutes les commodites  nécessaire ( super marche, restaurant, bus...) Navette air france de roissy orly et beauvais Ligne 1 station Porte Maillot Bus 82 station alphan 1 lit et un tres grand canape convertible"
22439		The apartment is 15 minutes away from the Eiffel Tower and 10 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe. Located in the most beautiful district of Paris, right next to Avenue Victor Hugo. Closest metro station - Victor Hugo (about 5 minutes of walk).
22440	Rue de la Pompe is the perfect area for students who want a furnished short-term rental in Paris. There are plenty of student apartments to rent nearby. Luxury shopping in this area of Paris Rue de la Pompe has an ideal location in the district and provides easy access to Place de la Muette. This elegant studio/apartment is located on the 6th floor with a very modern elevator. It offers a very comfortable sofa, convertible in a queen size bed,  flat screen cable TV and internet connection. Dining table for 4 people. Efficiently arranged, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, vitro ceramic cocktop and traditional electric oven. The bathroom has shower cabin, wash basin and toilette. There is also a large balcony with a table and two chairs.	Rue de la Pompe is the perfect area for students who want a furnished short-term rental in Paris. There are plenty of student apartments to rent nearby. Luxury shopping in this area of Paris Rue de la Pompe has an ideal location in the district and provides easy access to Place de la Muette. This elegant studio/apartment is located on the 6th floor with a very modern elevator. It offers a very comfortable sofa, convertible in a queen size bed,  flat screen cable TV and internet connection. Dining table for 4 people. Efficiently arranged, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, vitro ceramic cocktop and traditional electric oven. The bathroom has shower cabin, wash basin and toilette. There is also a large balcony with a table and two chairs. Washer - Iron and Ironboard - Shower - Cable TV - Telephone - Unlimited High Speed Internet access - Refrigerator - Freezer - Dishwasher - Oven - Vitro ceramic - Fan / Extractor - Toaster - Coffee maker - Interphone - Security code - No smoking Our
22441	Lovely recently renovated and romantic studio two steps from the pont de l'alma and the Eiffel Tower, less than 10 minutes by foot from the Champs Elysées. EIFFEL TOWER view ! 19 m2 very bright ideal for two persons. The studio is furnished with the usual devices : - convertible bed  - plasma tv  - free wifi - big wardrobe  - iron  - fridge - hob  - kettle - shower cabin - toilets .... ... and the EIFFEL TOWER VIEW ! A very cosy Parisian studio, it's on the 6th floor without lift so consider it as your daily workout :) Before the arrival of new guests the room is cleaned and fresh free drinks in the fridge :) (like a real minibar) . Sheets and towels are clean and changed. It's an ideal studio for your stay, you will enjoy the paris life in an exceptional area. Don't hesitate to see my other apartments ! 	Lovely recently renovated and romantic studio two steps from the pont de l'alma and the Eiffel Tower, less than 10 minutes by foot from the Champs Elysées. EIFFEL TOWER view ! 19 m2 very bright ideal for two persons. The studio is furnished with the usual devices : - convertible bed  - plasma tv  - free wifi - big wardrobe  - iron  - fridge - hob  - kettle - shower cabin - toilets .... ... and the EIFFEL TOWER VIEW ! A very cosy Parisian studio, it's on the 6th floor without lift so consider it as your daily workout :) Before the arrival of new guests the room is cleaned and fresh free drinks in the fridge :) (like a real minibar) . Sheets and towels are clean and changed. It's an ideal studio for your stay, you will enjoy the paris life in an exceptional area. Don't hesitate to see my other apartments ! Very is easy to come from Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly, Beauvais, Gare du Nord. Very available you can contact me when you want by phone or mail during your stay. In the area around
22442	Spacious fully-equipped duplex apartment occupying top 2 floors with large living and dining room, large kitchen. 2 outside patios on the top floor with expansive Paris views. Full view of the Eiffel tower, montmartre, and surrounding neighborhoods. Comfortable and contemporary modern furniture and appliances.	Spacious fully-equipped duplex apartment occupying top 2 floors with large living and dining room, large kitchen. 2 outside patios on the top floor with expansive Paris views. Full view of the Eiffel tower, montmartre, and surrounding neighborhoods. Spacious fully-equipped duplex apartment occupying top 2 floors with large living and dining room, large kitchen. 2 outside patios on the top floor with expansive Paris views. Full view of the Eiffel tower, montmartre, and surrounding neighborhoods. Comfortable and contemporary modern furniture and appliances. Access to the entire apartment, 2 outside private patios on the top floor, and a building garden shared by the building tenants. No gym in the building but there is a rowing machine from WaterRower. Full gym less than 10 minutes walking distance. Will be available by phone / email if required to offer help on apartment equipment or activities recommandations. Very safe neighborhood with close access to all required facilities ( 1 min 
22443	Amazing Flat with roof top with an Eiffel Tower view.  85m2 flat, two bedrooms, in the 16 district, La Muette, 10 min Foot to the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower, 2min Muette Station and opposite the RER Boulainvilliers to go to the Musée d'Orsay and Notre Dame de Paris. The apartment was redone two years ago. on the 6th floor with elevator, 2 bedrooms, a living room, dining room-kitchen, bathroom with shower and bath and separate toilet. neighborhood dumb is buzzing with its rue de Passy and its many stores. The center of Paris is 15-20 minutes by subway or bus. the big plus is the 80m2 terrace to relax after a day visiting and enjoy the stunning views of the Eiffel Tower and the Paris roofs. unique Duplex flat in the heart of Paris 16th, just over a mile away from the Eiffel tower!  The ground floor (floor 6 in the building with elevator) comprises:  -Open kitchen and dining room (fully equipped, oversize fridge and freezer, dishwasher..)  -WC  -Laundry corner  -Bathroom (bathtub and 	Amazing Flat with roof top with an Eiffel Tower view.  85m2 flat, two bedrooms, in the 16 district, La Muette, 10 min Foot to the Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower, 2min Muette Station and opposite the RER Boulainvilliers to go to the Musée d'Orsay and Notre Dame de Paris. The apartment was redone two years ago. on the 6th floor with elevator, 2 bedrooms, a living room, dining room-kitchen, bathroom with shower and bath and separate toilet. neighborhood dumb is buzzing with its rue de Passy and its many stores. The center of Paris is 15-20 minutes by subway or bus. the big plus is the 80m2 terrace to relax after a day visiting and enjoy the stunning views of the Eiffel Tower and the Paris roofs. unique Duplex flat in the heart of Paris 16th, just over a mile away from the Eiffel tower!  The ground floor (floor 6 in the building with elevator) comprises:  -Open kitchen and dining room (fully equipped, oversize fridge and freezer, dishwasher..)  -WC  -Laundry corner  -Bathroom (bathtub and 
22444	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer.	This Stunning  apartment  is fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris. This apartment has  2 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms to accomodate upto 6 guests. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. At Living Parisian we want to offer the best of Paris. This apartment represents the best of what we can offer. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With it bathroom, it offers a perfect combination for a family.  The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly enjoy the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (website hidden), Air conditioning, washer, Dryer, heater etc are all available  and Free WIFI is  included. The Boulevard Suchet is  in the 16th arrondissement of Paris The nearest Subway station is : Ranelagh (on line 9) or La Muette (on line 9).
22445	Beautiful area of Paris with Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées within walking distance. Very secure area due to the presence of police guarding several embassies in the neighbourhood. Building is also evry safe with digicode entrance. The building itself dates from 1903 and is a typical Hausmannian immeuble with double street entrance doors (where horse carriages could pass through in the old days)	    In the best part of Paris 16th arrondisement a private room in a luxurious flat decorated with antiques and art. Close to all amenities, metros, bus and RER. The room has a queen sized bed that sleeps (website hidden), internet and kitchen use include    Beautiful area of Paris with Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées within walking distance. Very secure area due to the presence of police guarding several embassies in the neighbourhood. Building is also evry safe with digicode entrance. The building itself dates from 1903 and is a typical Hausmannian immeuble with double street entrance doors (where horse carriages could pass through in the old days) Bedroom, private shower room and a small ante room (together appr. 20 sqm; free internet, TV with 169 channels, interphone, use of kitchen and dining room. I live in this apartment that consists of an entrance hall, a large living room and equally large dining room, a master bedroom, a kitchen with a separate entrance, a second bath room a
22446	Appartement haussmannien en plein 16ème. Quartier calme et sécurisé. Très proche Tour Eiffel. 	Chambre dans un appartement haussmannien de 3 pièces, situé près du Pont du Garigliano.   L'appartement se situe à deux pas de la seine dans un quartier bien desservi et surtout très calme et sécurisé. Appartement haussmannien en plein 16ème. Quartier calme et sécurisé. Très proche Tour Eiffel.  Les voyageurs ont accès à la cuisine, à la salle de bain et aux toilettes.  La cuisine est bien équipée : réfrigérateur, micro-onde, four, plaque de cuisson...  J'aime ce quartier et j'aime ma ville, je me ferai un plaisir de vous donner mes bons plans restos, sorties, etc. dans le quartier et dans Paris. RER C - Pont du Garigliano L. 9 - Michel Ange Molitor  L. 6 - Chardon-Lagache ou Eglise d'Auteuil Tram 3 - Terminus Pont du Garigliano  + nombreux bus
22447		Appartement 110m2 + chambre indépendante de 12m2 dans un immeuble haussmannien. Belle distribution et belle circulation. Mansardé sous les toits dernier étage très lumineux avec ses 6 balcons  plein sud. Calme. Proche commerces, jardin du Ranelagh à 5minutes et bois de Boulogne à 15minutes à pied. Vous trouverez au pied de l'immeuble des commerçants de quartiers :  Excellents boucheries, fromager, traiteurs, primeurs, cavistes... Pharmacie.  Un extraordinaire restaurant sicilien rue du Ranelagh  Le Bô Zinc bar, avenue Mozart, qui vous reçoit pour boire un verre ou un digestif en terrasse ou en salle. Également une station de vélib pour vos balades à vélo dans Paris.
22448	Appartement 80m2 with mouldings and fireplaces for 4 peoples . There Is an elevator Chamber(Room) 1: a bed 2 places and television  Chamber(Room) 2: a 1 place bed and a matress  Small office Lounge: a big sofa 5 people and 3 armchairs. Dining room:a table with 4 chairs Fully-equipped kitchen with washing machine and washes dishe Logement en pierre de taille de 4 pièces de 78 m2 avec moulures et cheminées  Chambre 1: un lit 2 place et une télévision  Chambre 2: un lit et un matelas adulte Petit bureau  Salon : un grand canapé 5 personnes et 3 fauteuils. Cuisine équipée avec lave linge et lave vaisselle .	Magnificent luxurious apartment 78m2 stone of size with mouldings and fireplaces typical Parisian for 4 peoples. It´s situated near the subway in 10 Minutes only of the Eiffel Tower. High-quality furniture.  Superbe 4 pièces 78 m2 dans le très chic 16eme arrondissement. Caution demandée Appartement 80m2 with mouldings and fireplaces for 4 peoples . There Is an elevator Chamber(Room) 1: a bed 2 places and television  Chamber(Room) 2: a 1 place bed and a matress  Small office Lounge: a big sofa 5 people and 3 armchairs. Dining room:a table with 4 chairs Fully-equipped kitchen with washing machine and washes dishe Logement en pierre de taille de 4 pièces de 78 m2 avec moulures et cheminées  Chambre 1: un lit 2 place et une télévision  Chambre 2: un lit et un matelas adulte Petit bureau  Salon : un grand canapé 5 personnes et 3 fauteuils. Cuisine équipée avec lave linge et lave vaisselle . Near the metro ans the bus À côté du métro et du bus Situated in the very smart 16eme district near s
22449	Emplacement idéal pour le Paris touristique et chic! Studio tout équipé dans bel immeuble sécurisé du 16ème arrondissement. Situé au RDC (très pratique lorsque vous arrivez avec vos valises), l'appartement se compose d'une petite entrée avec rangements et machine à laver, suivi d'une kitchenette ouverte sur pièce principale avec canapé-lit double (190x140 cm). SDB avec douche et WC. Linge de maison fourni : draps, couette, oreillers et serviettes de toilette. Free WIFI - Télévision. Very convenient location for a chic and touristic overview of Paris! Fully equipped studio in a nice and secured building from 16th district. Located on the ground floor (much easier when you arrive with luggage) the apartment has a small entrance with storage units and washing machine, followed by a kitchenette opened on the main room with a convertible double bed (190x140 cm). Bathroom with shower and toilets. Towels and bed linen along with duvet and pillows will be provided. Free WIFI - Television.	Studio tout équipé situé à Passy dans le 16ème arrondissement, à moins d'une minute à pied de la station de métro. Fully equipped studio located in Passy in the 16th district, less than a minute walk from the metro station. Emplacement idéal pour le Paris touristique et chic! Studio tout équipé dans bel immeuble sécurisé du 16ème arrondissement. Situé au RDC (très pratique lorsque vous arrivez avec vos valises), l'appartement se compose d'une petite entrée avec rangements et machine à laver, suivi d'une kitchenette ouverte sur pièce principale avec canapé-lit double (190x140 cm). SDB avec douche et WC. Linge de maison fourni : draps, couette, oreillers et serviettes de toilette. Free WIFI - Télévision. Very convenient location for a chic and touristic overview of Paris! Fully equipped studio in a nice and secured building from 16th district. Located on the ground floor (much easier when you arrive with luggage) the apartment has a small entrance with storage units and washing machine, 
22450	The living room is very bright and charming with a comfortable sofa along with 2 coffee tables. On the ceiling, you will find a large velux so you can enjoy sunny days! You can also admire Paris view thanks to the balcony. You will feel like at home and you will enjoy your evenings here! There is a fully-equipped kitchen with all the utensils and amenities you would need for your holidays to cook your best recipes! The bedroom is upstairs and includes a double bed. It also has a closet with ample storage space for you clothes. A very pleasant place to relax after a long day of sightseeing in Paris. The bathroom is modern and clean with a bathtub. Towels are provided for you! The flat also has a 9m2 terrace upstairs. For your comfort this flat has central heating throughout and free fast Wi-Fi internet access. Bedding and towels are provided. The flat has great transport links and is ideally located for reaching the tourist locations in Paris, with Avenue Foch and Porte Dauphine tube st	A welcoming and nice 1 bedroom duplex apartment is situated on the 6th floor of a typical Parisian building. It is extremely close to the Champs-Elysees and about 10 minutes from Trocadero and the Eiffel Tower! It can comfortably accommodate 2 guests The living room is very bright and charming with a comfortable sofa along with 2 coffee tables. On the ceiling, you will find a large velux so you can enjoy sunny days! You can also admire Paris view thanks to the balcony. You will feel like at home and you will enjoy your evenings here! There is a fully-equipped kitchen with all the utensils and amenities you would need for your holidays to cook your best recipes! The bedroom is upstairs and includes a double bed. It also has a closet with ample storage space for you clothes. A very pleasant place to relax after a long day of sightseeing in Paris. The bathroom is modern and clean with a bathtub. Towels are provided for you! The flat also has a 9m2 terrace upstairs. For your comfort this f
22451		Sunny and cosy  apartment, ideal for 3 people. The situation of the appartement is perfect. 15 min walking from the Eiffel Tour and the Champs eElysees.
22452		Studio coquet avec une vue panoramique sur tout Paris. Situé à deux pas du métro Passy et Trocadéro, des boutiques et des commerces.  Idéal pour une escapade romantique à Paris ! 7 eme étage avec ascenseur jusqu'au 5 eme
22453	The apartment is on the sixth floor (US) and is serviced by two elevators, a resident manager, and keypad security doors. The apartment boasts parquet wood floors, cloth-paneled walls and doors, a marble bathroom with a full bathtub/shower, and an illuminated vanity mirror and dressing table. Additionally, there is a separate well-equipped kitchen with a window, a large living room with dining area, and a separate tiled toilet with sink.  The double balconies (front and rear) are perfect for outdoor dining or relaxing.  Amenities include a washer/dryer, dishwasher, oven, range, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, many closets, two flat screen HD TVs, DVD player, and a mini-radio/CD stereo and Bose iPod/iPhone dock. Standard cable TV and Wi-Fi internet connection are provided at no extra charge.  Amenities include a washer/dryer, dishwasher, oven, range, microwave oven, toaster, coffee maker, many closets, two flat screen HD TVs, DVD player, and a mini-radio/CD stereo and Bose iPod/i	This lovely and spacious 1 bedroom apartment perfect for 4 people. Is located on a quiet street of the safe and tony 16th arrondissement just steps away from the historic Place du Trocadéro. 
22454	STANDING Located on the 6th floor of a good standing building with two lifts. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a 11 sqm balcony equipped with two tables and chairs offering an extraordinary view on Paris, the Eiffel tower proudly standing in front of you, the Seine river under your feet, the Sacré Coeur on the back, what an amazing view ! You will enjoy having your breakfasts on this balcony, watching the Bateaux-Mouches during the day and the illuminated Eiffel Tower at night ! LAYOUT This exceptional 110 sqm apartment will comfortably suit up to four guests in the two separate bedroom with their two en-suite bathrooms. It has been renovated in 2013 and improvements have been made since to offer the future tenants a maximum of comfort. Brand new mattresses and bed bases have peen purchased in Jan 2014. The entrance gives on the main room, very spacious and luminous, organized in several areas. The living area features a large	This apartment is really exceptional. It will be perfect for two couples, very comfortable, luminous, with an extraordinary view. You will never want to leave this place once you will enter it  STANDING Located on the 6th floor of a good standing building with two lifts. The access is secured with a door code and a second gate with an intercom. The apartment has a 11 sqm balcony equipped with two tables and chairs offering an extraordinary view on Paris, the Eiffel tower proudly standing in front of you, the Seine river under your feet, the Sacré Coeur on the back, what an amazing view ! You will enjoy having your breakfasts on this balcony, watching the Bateaux-Mouches during the day and the illuminated Eiffel Tower at night ! LAYOUT This exceptional 110 sqm apartment will comfortably suit up to four guests in the two separate bedroom with their two en-suite bathrooms. It has been renovated in 2013 and improvements have been made since to offer the future tenants a maximum of comfort.
22455	Ce petit écrin calme exceptionnellement bien situé vous attend pour un séjour unique. Très lumineux et ayant pour seul vis à vis la Seine et la Tour Eiffel, vous vous réveillerez en contemplant cette vue majestueuse.	très joli studio bien équipé climatisé et indépendant pour deux personnes, avec terrasse sur une péniche amarrée en face de la Tour Eiffel. Ce petit écrin calme exceptionnellement bien situé vous attend pour un séjour unique. Très lumineux et ayant pour seul vis à vis la Seine et la Tour Eiffel, vous vous réveillerez en contemplant cette vue majestueuse. Vous pourrez rejoindre à pied les Champs Elysées, le Trocadéro, le musée du quai Branly, le Palais de Tokyo, la Tour Eiffel, le Champ de Mars et de nombreux autres musées du secteur. Le nouveau centre commercial de Beau grenelle dans le 15ème est à proximité, de nombreux restaurants, commerces et cinémas vous attendent. le centre de la capitale vous est accessible en 5 minutes par le métro ( Passy ligne n°6, Trocadéro ligne 9 )  le RER C station Champs de Mars et de nombreux bus. son capitaine vivant à bord, présente lui même le logement aux voyageurs et, reste à leur disposition durant tout le séjour. Emblème majeur de Paris, la Tour 
22456	in the heaurt of Paris.	Clasic but modern apparment in sauth paris, next to the Seine. very usefull for a family in holydays in Paris. 2 bedrooms, a magnific living room, kitchen full equiped.  in the heaurt of Paris. everything in the appartment. I will not be thère because in Holydays, but available to present the flat. The Seine is 100 m from the flat, lots of restaurants, in the heart of Paris RER C, stop at Pont du Garigliano, Metro Ligne 9, stop at Exelmans, Tramay T3 stop at Pont du Garigliano
22457	35 quare meters appartment divided in : - 1 bedrooms (1 double bed and 1 single bed), - 1 living room, - 1 fully equiped kitchen, - 1 bathroom  (shower panel), - 1 toilets (obviously), - Nice view on a XIXth century church, public garden and Eiffel Tower. There is all the necessary stuff for children or  baby. Baby bed on request.	Typical Parisian quiet appartment (under the roof) 1 bedroom with 2 real beds View Eiffel tower, garden and church 35 quare meters appartment divided in : - 1 bedrooms (1 double bed and 1 single bed), - 1 living room, - 1 fully equiped kitchen, - 1 bathroom  (shower panel), - 1 toilets (obviously), - Nice view on a XIXth century church, public garden and Eiffel Tower. There is all the necessary stuff for children or  baby. Baby bed on request. The appartment is on the 7th and last floor with a lift. You can contact me anytime during your stay. The district of Auteuil is well-to-do and family friendly. It is well-known because it has kept a feeling of old Paris when Paris was made of villages. It is one of the greenest district of Paris. - Nearby the apartment is the Sainte- Périne public garden (one of there rare garden in Paris where we can picnic on the grass), - 10 min walking from Parc des Princes stadium, - in 15 min walking, the wood of Boulogne, Greenhouse of Auteuil, Roland Gar
22458	Spacious and charming apartment of 55 m2 located in a quiet area. Near to the subway and shopping attractions . 5 minutes walking to the Eiffel Tower and various monuments. Room with bed 2 places and sofa bed in the séjour.Cuisine equipped , washing machine.	Spacieux deux pièces de 55 M2 situé dans un quartier calme et commerçant proche du métro et des sites touristiques telle que la Tour Eiffel. Chambre avec lit 2 places et canapé lit dans le séjour.Cuisine équipée, lave linge. Spacious and charming apartment of 55 m2 located in a quiet area. Near to the subway and shopping attractions . 5 minutes walking to the Eiffel Tower and various monuments. Room with bed 2 places and sofa bed in the séjour.Cuisine equipped , washing machine. Nombreux petits commerces et restaurants. Calme. Très bien déservi en transports. Sites touristiques majeurs à proximité . Métros ( Trocadéro, Rue de la pompe, Victor Hugo) à proximité. Bus. Autolib. Station de taxi.
22459	2 floor appartment, 1 rrom and a bathroom upstair and living room & another bathroom downstair. 	Lovely two floors in the heart of the poshy 16th district. Various shops around, 15 min by walk from Eiffel Tower and 10 min 7th floor, much Light. Elevator, 2 floor appartment, 1 rrom and a bathroom upstair and living room & another bathroom downstair.  - Washing machine - Internet (Very fast: Fiber!) I am available by phone every day for any assistance or advises ! Subway Line 6 and Line 9 at 5 min by walk ! Velib' station just down the building. Taxi station 5 min by walk
22460	This 55 sq. ft. is situated in the Trocadero area, on the ground floor of a recently built building.  When entering, you will find on the right a charming living room with two large sofas and the TV. Note that there is wifi. On the left is the fully equipped kitchen. You also have the opportunity to enjoy the Nespresso machine.  There are 2 bedrooms: one is a double bed and the other one with a single bed. There is plenty of room to put all your stuff: this appartment will be all yours, you will feel instantly at home!  The bathroom includes a bathtub. Toilets are separate. 	Nice and cosy 2 bedroom flat located in Trocadero, walking distance to the famous Eiffel Tower. Charming and beautiful area close to Champs Elysees and Invalides. This 55 sq. ft. is situated in the Trocadero area This 55 sq. ft. is situated in the Trocadero area, on the ground floor of a recently built building.  When entering, you will find on the right a charming living room with two large sofas and the TV. Note that there is wifi. On the left is the fully equipped kitchen. You also have the opportunity to enjoy the Nespresso machine.  There are 2 bedrooms: one is a double bed and the other one with a single bed. There is plenty of room to put all your stuff: this appartment will be all yours, you will feel instantly at home!  The bathroom includes a bathtub. Toilets are separate.  You will have access to the whole appartment as if it was yours, and get one set of keys for your stay. The easiest way is to meet at the flat upon your arrival.  I try  to respond to your emails as soon a
22461	Its unique location near the Effeil Tower, its square meters and its terrace. New bed (different from the bed in the picture, we just bought it (Mattress brand EPEDA 160 cm).	"Apartment with one bedroom, large bed, modern, safe, really comfortable, near the subway and the Effel Tower in the chic 16th arrondissement of Paris. Enjoy the shopping streets, the restaurants and the garden of the ""champs de mars"", really close. Its unique location near the Effeil Tower, its square meters and its terrace. New bed (different from the bed in the picture, we just bought it (Mattress brand EPEDA 160 cm). Acces to the whole apartment (kitchen and its furniture: kettle, dishwasher, laudry machine, oven...; bathroom) Television + Internet If you are interested, I will provide you with details and tips concerning the neighborhood! The 16th is really chic, there are a lot of cafés, restaurants, small shopkeepers, but also shopping centers, and famous brands easily reached byfoot within minutes. Eiffel Tower and the Trocadéro are closed as well as the ""Champs de Mars"" garden and the ""Bois de Boulogne"" park. The evening/night it is a really calm and safe place. Subway:  -""Rue "
22462		Wine Museum in bottom of the building. Passy Metro station 3min walking Eiffel Tower 10min walking  Charles de Gaulles
22463	Near avenue Foch station ( RER C) and porte dauphine station ( subway line 2)	Near avenue Foch station ( RER C) and porte dauphine station ( subway line 2)
22464	My apartment is an 8 minute walk from the metro stop Passy, just one stop away from the Eiffel Tower.  The room is a studio on the 6th floor (no elevator). The bed is a fold-out couch but has two mattress toppers. There is a shower in the room, but the toilet is right down the hall and shared with a few other people on this floor. You will however need to make sure you bring toilet paper and THE KEYS with you to the toilets, the door locks automatically behind you and you will be locked out of the room otherwise.  There is also no wifi in the apartment.	This cozy studio is very small, only 9 square meters, and with only the absolute essentials. But it is located in the most chic area of Paris with a gorgeous view of the Eiffel Tower from the window. My apartment is an 8 minute walk from the metro stop Passy, just one stop away from the Eiffel Tower.  The room is a studio on the 6th floor (no elevator). The bed is a fold-out couch but has two mattress toppers. There is a shower in the room, but the toilet is right down the hall and shared with a few other people on this floor. You will however need to make sure you bring toilet paper and THE KEYS with you to the toilets, the door locks automatically behind you and you will be locked out of the room otherwise.  There is also no wifi in the apartment. You will obviously have access to the entire space since everything is included in the one room. If I'm renting out the apartment it's probably because I am traveling or on vacation, so I will most likely not be anywhere nearby during your 
22465	Après avoir visité Paris, vous pourrez vous reposer sur la grande terrasse de l'appartement ! L'appartement est spacieux (c'est un triplex), très lumineux (avec de larges fenêtres) et très calme.	Ideally for 2 couples with their children 4 bedroom : 2 with 1 double bed, 1 (under the roof) with 1 double bed and 2 simple beds and 1 with 1 bed for child under 6 age 2 bathrooms 3 WC Kitchen fully equipped Living-room / Dining-room Terrace
22466	Elegant newly renovated and high-end one bedroom apartment, very comfortable (contemporary interior and fully equipped), located at the fourth floor of a quiet Haussmann-style building , and only two blocks away from Trocadéro! * Fresh sheets and towels	This cosy apartment is less than 5 minutes walk from the  Trocadéro. It is ideally located in a nice and charming area ! Elegant newly renovated and high-end one bedroom apartment, very comfortable (contemporary interior and fully equipped), located at the fourth floor of a quiet Haussmann-style building , and only two blocks away from Trocadéro! * Fresh sheets and towels I may not be in Paris so somebody will be here to clean and welcome you : ) However feel free to ask if you need any tip about Paris ! You will have quick access to convenient shops located nearby, on the avenue 3minute walking (supermarket, groceries, bakery, wine shop, hairdresser, banks for ATM, pharmacy, restaurants, pizzeria, cheese maker, butcher …). Transportation is very easily accessible, within 2 to 5 minutes by foot: Metro stations (5 minutes ride to Trocadéro  10 minutes ride to Champs Elysées), suburb train (if you plan to visit Versailles), buses, public rental bikes (Vélib), as well as public cheap rent
22467	logement calme dans quartier calme et central / proche commerce 	  Appartement trés calme en deuxième étage clair sur jardin , cuisine séparée, salle de bains et WC séparé , grand salon avec deux lits et une chambre avec un lit deux places surface 38 m2        logement calme dans quartier calme et central / proche commerce 
22468	Splendide vue sur Tour Eiffel et Seine	Très Bel appartement dans le 16ieme arrondissement  vue Tour Eiffel et Seine  Très calme , grand jardin en bas de l'immeuble  4 pièces  , 1 salon et  2 chambres (2 lits doubles ), 2 salles de bain  Très  clair , avec balcon  Parking en sous sol Splendide vue sur Tour Eiffel et Seine Proche du métro Passy/Bus Par mail
22469	Beautiful appartment, non smoking, fully furnished, first floor. Very comfortable 100 m2 with an exceptionally quiet for 6 people.	Beautiful appartment, non smoking, fully furnished, first floor. Very comfortable 100 m2 with an exceptionally quiet for 6 people. Beautiful appartment, non smoking, fully furnished, first floor. Very comfortable 100 m2 with an exceptionally quiet for 6 people. The apartment consists of 4 rooms: entrance, living room, dining room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms, one with big screen TV and a full size bed, 2 bathrooms and toilets, living room leather sofa 5 parts including double bed . Fully equipped kitchen (see above + coffee maker, toaster, food processor, crockery for 12). Terrace with plants. 100 TV international channels, HiFi, WIFI access with high speed internet, PS2 with games, Divx and DVD player, children's games, board games.  For baby: high chair and bed provided if requested. Ready linens included. Traduction de Vous pouvez nous contacter à tout moment pour échanger par téléphone ou mail. Nous vous rencontrerons à votre arrivée et le jour de votre départ. Essayez avec l'orthographe V
22470	You look for an attractive apartment situated well for a good value for money? Close of the Champs-Elysées and the Eiffel Tower?  The apartment was renovated complétement in May, 2014 and is ideal for a short stay on Paris.  The apartment is warm and in the peace. Placed not court(yard) inside, you will be protected from noises of street. The bathroom being small and the access to the room(chamber) it mezzazine being made by staircases, the apartment is not at all recommendé for people having problems of mobilities. You will have access to Internet and to the TV by cable. The linen (sheets and towels) will be supplied to you Do not hesitate to contact me if you have the slightest questions. See you soon on Paris ! Cyrille	This charming studio is ideallement situated between fields elysées and the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for a small romantic stay or with friends. You look for an attractive apartment situated well for a good value for money? Close of the Champs-Elysées and the Eiffel Tower?  The apartment was renovated complétement in May, 2014 and is ideal for a short stay on Paris.  The apartment is warm and in the peace. Placed not court(yard) inside, you will be protected from noises of street. The bathroom being small and the access to the room(chamber) it mezzazine being made by staircases, the apartment is not at all recommendé for people having problems of mobilities. You will have access to Internet and to the TV by cable. The linen (sheets and towels) will be supplied to you Do not hesitate to contact me if you have the slightest questions. See you soon on Paris ! Cyrille Accessible since airports and stations, the closest subways are 5 min on foot (Line 9 - Iéna and Line 6 - Boissière) Bridge of th
22471	Conveniently located on Rue de Longchamp near Avenue Kléber, which connects the Place du Trocadéro (Eiffel Tower, Musée Guimet, Musée de l'Homme ...) to the Arc de Triomphe, our apartment is ideally situated for a wonderful stay in Paris! On the second floor of a turn of the century building, this 2 rooms/ 37 m²  apartment is fully equipped for your comfort. The apartment overlooks  a quiet  courtyard, ensuring a calm and peaceful  environment in the heart of the city.   - Room: 1 double bed, a large wardrobe, bed linen provided. - Living room: 1 comfortable sofa (not convertible), shelves, TV, coffee table, a cozy corner for your relaxation evenings! - Kitchen: The L shaped eat in kitchen is functional and fully equipped  (microwave, dishwasher, washing machine).  - Bathroom  with bath tub. We will leave at your disposal, linens, towels, tea towels, crockery, cutlery etc ... to make your stay comfortable! Plus: tiled floor kitchen and hardwood floors throughout the rest of the apartme	Our apartment is ideally located close to many of Paris' most famed attractions including the Champs Elysées and the Eiffel Tower. Access to Metro and bus stops as well as to shops and restaurants make this apartment ideal for travelers. Conveniently located on Rue de Longchamp near Avenue Kléber, which connects the Place du Trocadéro (Eiffel Tower, Musée Guimet, Musée de l'Homme ...) to the Arc de Triomphe, our apartment is ideally situated for a wonderful stay in Paris! On the second floor of a turn of the century building, this 2 rooms/ 37 m²  apartment is fully equipped for your comfort. The apartment overlooks  a quiet  courtyard, ensuring a calm and peaceful  environment in the heart of the city.   - Room: 1 double bed, a large wardrobe, bed linen provided. - Living room: 1 comfortable sofa (not convertible), shelves, TV, coffee table, a cozy corner for your relaxation evenings! - Kitchen: The L shaped eat in kitchen is functional and fully equipped  (microwave, dishwasher, washi
22472	A typical Parisian apartment of 60 m² fully renovated in prestigious haussmannian building. The apartment is top floor and has a view on the Eiffel Tower. The apartment will seduce you with its comfort and space provided including the living room bathed in light, spacious bathroom, functional kitchen, a real queen-size bed and a convertible sofabed which converts into a queen-size bed. As such, 4 persons may easily and comfortably sleep in the apartment. The living room also has a dining table for 4 persons which is extensible and may accommodate up to 8 persons. Cet appartement de 60 m² typiquement parisien et entièrement refait à neuf se situe au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Outre la vue sur la tour Eiffel, l'appartement vous séduira par son confort et l'espace procuré notamment par la salle de séjour baignée de lumière, la vaste salle de bains, la cuisine fonctionnelle, un vrai lit 2 places et un canapé convertible en lit 2 places. Le sejour dispose également d'une 	Spacious 60 sqm comfortable and fully-equipped apartment in one of the most prestigious haussmann-style building in Paris. Two-minute walk to the metro and the RER C. Walking distance to landmark attractions: Champs- Elysees,Eiffel Tower/Trocadero.  A typical Parisian apartment of 60 m² fully renovated in prestigious haussmannian building. The apartment is top floor and has a view on the Eiffel Tower. The apartment will seduce you with its comfort and space provided including the living room bathed in light, spacious bathroom, functional kitchen, a real queen-size bed and a convertible sofabed which converts into a queen-size bed. As such, 4 persons may easily and comfortably sleep in the apartment. The living room also has a dining table for 4 persons which is extensible and may accommodate up to 8 persons. Cet appartement de 60 m² typiquement parisien et entièrement refait à neuf se situe au dernier étage d'un bel immeuble haussmannien. Outre la vue sur la tour Eiffel, l'appartement 
22473	Appartement dans un quartier de paris près du Trocadéro et la Tour Eiffeil	Appartement dans un quartier de paris près du Trocadéro et la Tour Eiffeil Des restaurants de types différents dans un quartier de Paris près d'un grand lycée La station de métro la plus proche est Rue de la Pompe
22474	This flat, located in a typical parisian building is just facing the Seine in front of the Eiffel Tower. It is really central and convenient to visit Paris, Few minutes walking from the Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, you are also very close from Champs Elysees	This one bedroom apartment is located in the very heart of Paris in the Passy-Trocadero area just in front of the Eiffel Tower. The flat has 2 beds a sofa bed in the living room and one in the bedroom, kitchen all equipped with dishwasher  This flat, located in a typical parisian building is just facing the Seine in front of the Eiffel Tower. It is really central and convenient to visit Paris, Few minutes walking from the Trocadéro, the Eiffel Tower, you are also very close from Champs Elysees You will have access to the whole place, a bedroom with a double bed siez 140*190 and in the living room a sofa bed 140*(website hidden) with cable in the room, a  kitchen, with dishwasher but no owen, a bathroom with a bath and separated toilets, you will have also access to a laundry with a washing machine. I will not be here while you will stay in my apartment but Gael will take care of you and he will give you all the clues to discover best spots of Paris and find the real good places as a pa
22475	" ""The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only.""  — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables The prodigious Victor Hugo was a master of poetry, fiction, drama, and drawing. But perhaps his greatest expertise was in the art of love. His wisdom concerning human connection was matched only by his skill in articulating it.  It is for him that the Victor Hugo Plaza is named. And in his spirit, let this home set the scene for your own love story. In its comforting, open spaces, celebrate your love for your partner, family, or friends The Apartment It's easy to imagine festive dinner parties taking place here, with lively conversation filling the dining and sitting areas. The interior is at once relaxed and polished, matching clean design with antique art. Throughout the home, a soothing "	"The interior is at once relaxed and polished, matching clean design with antique art. Two spacious bedrooms, which are elegant in their simplicity. A fully equipped kitchen and two bathrooms easily accommodate visitors.  ""The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only.""  — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables The prodigious Victor Hugo was a master of poetry, fiction, drama, and drawing. But perhaps his greatest expertise was in the art of love. His wisdom concerning human connection was matched only by his skill in articulating it.  It is for him that the Victor Hugo Plaza is named. And in his spirit, let this home set the scene for your own love story. In its comforting, open spaces, celebrate your love for your partner, family, or friends The Apartment It's easy to imagine fes"
22476	Séjour : TV chaînes canal plus, Beinsport, Cable, wifi. Cuisine : Lave-vaissellle, lave-linge, plaque induction, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire...	2 pièces 38m2 lumineux en dernier étage avec ascenseur dans le 16ème arrondissement à 700 mètres de la tour Eiffel. Tous commerces en bas de l'appartement. 2 lignes de métro à proximité (ligne 9 à 3min et ligne 6 à 10min) Quartier très calme. Séjour : TV chaînes canal plus, Beinsport, Cable, wifi. Cuisine : Lave-vaissellle, lave-linge, plaque induction, cafetière Nespresso, bouilloire... La totalité du logement Disponible par téléphone ou mail. Quartier chic.  Tous commerces dans la rue, marché alimentaire. Bois de Boulogne à proximité.  Bords de seine à 10 min à pied. Parking payant à 100m. Métro ligne 9 à 3min et ligne 6 à 10min à pied. Trocadéro et tour Eiffel à 700 mètres.
22477	Je vous présente un bel appartement parisien au RDC d'un bel immeuble en pierre de taille dans le quartier du Trocadéro et à 2 pas de la Tour-Eiffel. Il s'agit d'un grand studio de 28 m2, en bon état, composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, avec un lit armoire escamotable convertible (1m40 x 2m),  d’une grande penderie et beaucoup de rangements, d'une télévision écran plat de 82 cm de diamètre, d'une table de salle à manger et 4 chaises. Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un petit frigidaire, congélateur, de 2 plaques chauffantes, d'un micro onde,  d'un lave-linge, d'un grille pain, d'une bouilloire électrique et d'une cafetière Nespresso. Une salle de bain avec une douche.  Le chauffage est individuel électrique. L'appartement baigné de lumière, est calme et bénéficie d'une exposition sur un jardin. L'appartement est situé dans le quartier très agréable du Trocadéro connu pour ses commerces, boulangerie, fromagerie, restaurants et bistros parisiens.  Il est desservi par une station de métr	Je vous propose un beau studio, dans le quartier du Trocadéro, à deux pas de la Tour-Eiffel, dans un bel immeuble parisien, qui donne sur un parc, avec une entrée indépendante. Le studio est composé d'une grande pièce,une cuisine, et une salle d'eau Je vous présente un bel appartement parisien au RDC d'un bel immeuble en pierre de taille dans le quartier du Trocadéro et à 2 pas de la Tour-Eiffel. Il s'agit d'un grand studio de 28 m2, en bon état, composé d'une grande pièce à vivre, avec un lit armoire escamotable convertible (1m40 x 2m),  d’une grande penderie et beaucoup de rangements, d'une télévision écran plat de 82 cm de diamètre, d'une table de salle à manger et 4 chaises. Une cuisine entièrement équipée d'un petit frigidaire, congélateur, de 2 plaques chauffantes, d'un micro onde,  d'un lave-linge, d'un grille pain, d'une bouilloire électrique et d'une cafetière Nespresso. Une salle de bain avec une douche.  Le chauffage est individuel électrique. L'appartement baigné de lumière
22478	Le 4 rue de lota que je vous propose est un magnifique souplex incorporé à un hôtel particulier. Idéalement situé entre Trocadéro et la Porte Dauphine, l’appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pieds de l’avenue Victor Hugo.  Il se trouve également à proximité de petits commerces, boutiques de luxe, et restaurants prestigieux. Balade en bois, promenade en barque, et virée en vélo sont possibles au bois de Boulogne auquel il est aisé de se rendre en une dizaine de minutes à la marche.  L’appartement dispose d’une surface de 90m2, et détient une capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes et un bébé. La décoration est tendance, moderne et extrêmement chaleureuse.  L’appartement est composé d’une suite parentale, avec un grand lit double king size tout confort, et un téléviseur écran plat en face de celui ci. Le dressing d’une grande taille est vide et reste à votre disposition, ainsi que les rangements en tiroir qui se trouvent sous les escaliers. Une séparation distingue la pièce à coucher de la salle	Venez séjourner dans mon magnifique et chaleureux loft. Atypique, il est composé d'une salle à manger pour six personnes, séjour vaste et accueillant, suite parentale, lit en mezzanine, cuisine haut de gamme,chambre pour bébé: idéal pour la famille ! Le 4 rue de lota que je vous propose est un magnifique souplex incorporé à un hôtel particulier. Idéalement situé entre Trocadéro et la Porte Dauphine, l’appartement se situe à 5 minutes à pieds de l’avenue Victor Hugo.  Il se trouve également à proximité de petits commerces, boutiques de luxe, et restaurants prestigieux. Balade en bois, promenade en barque, et virée en vélo sont possibles au bois de Boulogne auquel il est aisé de se rendre en une dizaine de minutes à la marche.  L’appartement dispose d’une surface de 90m2, et détient une capacité d’accueil de 4 personnes et un bébé. La décoration est tendance, moderne et extrêmement chaleureuse.  L’appartement est composé d’une suite parentale, avec un grand lit double king size tout conf
22479		True pleasure to receive you into this charming and well designed cocoon. Just to make things clear : a TV appears on the pictures but not in the equipments because it does not work, just for DVDs. Thanks for paying attention :)
22480		Appartement Haussmanien de 80 m carré au 6eme étage avec vue sur la seine. Possibilité de rajouter une chambre dans le bureau (20 m carré en plus). balcon de 10 m carré au total.
22481	Vous vous sentirez chez vous dans cet appartement de 71 m2 très calme. Ce 1er étage est très lumineux et très frais l'été. Il bénéficie de tout le confort nécessaire à des vacances réussies: ascenseur/ wifi/ baignoire/hifi par Bluetooth et n'attend que vous!	Appartement très charmant, situé à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées , au coeur des commerces de la rue de Passy. Il est composé d'une chambre parentale et d'une chambre d'enfant.  Il peut idéalement accueillir 3 personnes. Vous serez comme chez vous, avec tout le confort moderne! Vous vous sentirez chez vous dans cet appartement de 71 m2 très calme. Ce 1er étage est très lumineux et très frais l'été. Il bénéficie de tout le confort nécessaire à des vacances réussies: ascenseur/ wifi/ baignoire/hifi par Bluetooth et n'attend que vous! Outre le wifi et l'utilisation de la hi-fi par Bluetooth, vous pourrez bénéficier d'un grand nombre de chaînes télévisées d'une grande collection de DVD et donc d'un bel écran pour les visionner. Je ne sais encore si je pourrais passer du temps avec vous mais vous serez très bien accueillis. En plein coeur de la rue de Passy, vous êtes au pied des commerces, de la Tour Eiffel et du Champ de Mars, du Trocadéro. Vous serez à deux pas des Cham
22482	Cadre idéal, protégé par un jardin  à 3 pas des quais de Seine  ! Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de passy Métro Passy à 1mn Bus 72 ( le plus joli trajet de bus de Paris ) Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de passy Métro Passy à 1mn Bus 72 ( le plus joli trajet de bus de Paris ) Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de passy Métro Passy à 1mn Bus 72 ( le plus joli trajet de bus de Paris ) Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et	À deux pas de Passy et des quais de Seine appartement salon-cuisine baigné de lumière espace contemporain dans sa fonctionnalité  et subtilement intemporel par son ambiance ! Toutes les pièces donnent sur un amour de jardin ! Cadre idéal, protégé par un jardin  à 3 pas des quais de Seine  ! Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de passy Métro Passy à 1mn Bus 72 ( le plus joli trajet de bus de Paris ) Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de passy Métro Passy à 1mn Bus 72 ( le plus joli trajet de bus de Paris ) Tout l'appartement, avec Internet et le cable. Au départ pour donner des infos ! Quartier animé et chaleureux  , équidistant de la Tour Eiffel , des quais et de la très commerçante rue de pa
22483	"Hello, Beautiful and quiet 2 room apartment of 46 m2 in the 16th arrondissement close to many restaurants and shops in the Rue de Passy and La Muette. The Muette metro is 2 minutes away and the ""Rue de la Pompe"" one 3 minutes away. But you can walk: To the Trocadero in less than 10 minutes To the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes To Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Champs Elysées in 20 minutes And walk on all Paris from these places. See u soon"	"Nice 2 room apt of 46m² in the middle of the 16th arrondissment, a bourgeois building with elevator and right next to the countless shops and restaurants of the La Muette & Passy area. La Muette metro is 2 mn away, Rue de la Pompe metro is 3mn away. Hello, Beautiful and quiet 2 room apartment of 46 m2 in the 16th arrondissement close to many restaurants and shops in the Rue de Passy and La Muette. The Muette metro is 2 minutes away and the ""Rue de la Pompe"" one 3 minutes away. But you can walk: To the Trocadero in less than 10 minutes To the Eiffel Tower in 15 minutes To Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Champs Elysées in 20 minutes And walk on all Paris from these places. See u soon The whole apartment will be yours I'll welcome you and will give you my tips on restaurants and last news to visit Paris. It is near the good food shops of the rue de Passy. It is between 2 Metro stations La Muette (2mn) and Rue de la Pompe (4mn) and of walking distance to the Eiffel Tower (15mn) The place is v"
22484	In a residential area, and living through these businesses, these markets, it offers a real life of Paris while ensuring a total peace and quiet for your nights. All rooms are located on the inner garden.  Easy to live, it offers advantage to enjoy all public transport (bus, metro, autolib, RER C, taxis) which are located in the immediate vicinity of building l, which allows to join our Lady in 20 minutes, Versailles, (20 mn), and stroll along the seine which is at 5 minutes walk from the apartment.  It consists of 2 bedrooms with 1 parental with her Italian shower, 1 bathroom independent, 1 living room and dining room with fully equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave dish washer... The apartment is located in the 2nd floor with elevator.	"Housing 80 m 2 State new, comfort, located in a chic and safe, providing ease of transport, a 1/4 hour of the Eiffel Tower.  At the foot of a beautiful place very Parisienne, from where you can enjoy growing coffee and ""croissants"" In a residential area, and living through these businesses, these markets, it offers a real life of Paris while ensuring a total peace and quiet for your nights. All rooms are located on the inner garden.  Easy to live, it offers advantage to enjoy all public transport (bus, metro, autolib, RER C, taxis) which are located in the immediate vicinity of building l, which allows to join our Lady in 20 minutes, Versailles, (20 mn), and stroll along the seine which is at 5 minutes walk from the apartment.  It consists of 2 bedrooms with 1 parental with her Italian shower, 1 bathroom independent, 1 living room and dining room with fully equipped kitchen (oven, micro wave dish washer... The apartment is located in the 2nd floor with elevator. All the apartment is de"
22485	Hi everyone, I m renting a little studio in Paris 16 The studio is beautiful and very well furnished on the 7th floor with elevator. He is ideally located very close from the shops. it is very calm, recently renovated and equiped, in the heart of the 16th. the subway and restaurants are les than 2 minutes walk away.  the place is about 10 square meter equiped with 1 double bed, a TV, wifi, and large cuboards. The view is great. I provide with sheets. The kitchen is equiped, dishwasher, washing machine, bathroom toilet in the studio. Welcome to all Norman	Hi everyone, I m renting a little studio in Paris 16 The studio is beautiful and very well furnished on the 7th floor with elevator. He is ideally located very close from the shops. it is very calm, recently renovated and equiped, in the heart of the 16th. the subway and restaurants are les than 2 minutes walk away.  the place is about 10 square meter equiped with 1 double bed, a TV, wifi, and large cuboards. The view is great. I provide with sheets. The kitchen is equiped, dishwasher, washing machine, bathroom toilet in the studio. Welcome to all Norman
22486	Appartement spacieux, rénové et bien équipé avec un beau salon, la salle à manger (ouvrant sur la cuisine) intégralement à disposition des voyageurs.  Idéal pour une famille de 4. Deux chambres pour deux personnes chacune, et possibilité de dormir à deux dans le salon (canapé transformé en lit). Une chambre est avec mezzanine. Spacious flat,restorated and well-equipped, with a beautiful living room and a dining room opening onto the kitchen entirely placed at travellers’ disposal.  Twor rooms for 4 persons (one is a mezzanine), and two persons can sleep in the sofa bed room The building is friendly and safe with door codes.	Appartement 4 pièces, rénové récemment et bien équipé dans un quartier agréable et calme.  A four-bedroom flat, recently renovated, well-equiped in a very quiet neighbourhood, located next to place de l’étoile and the Eiffel Tower. Appartement spacieux, rénové et bien équipé avec un beau salon, la salle à manger (ouvrant sur la cuisine) intégralement à disposition des voyageurs.  Idéal pour une famille de 4. Deux chambres pour deux personnes chacune, et possibilité de dormir à deux dans le salon (canapé transformé en lit). Une chambre est avec mezzanine. Spacious flat,restorated and well-equipped, with a beautiful living room and a dining room opening onto the kitchen entirely placed at travellers’ disposal.  Twor rooms for 4 persons (one is a mezzanine), and two persons can sleep in the sofa bed room The building is friendly and safe with door codes. Une salle de bain récente, une cuisine toute équipée, une télé à écran plat.  Interdiction de fumer, sauf à la fenêtre. A recent bathroo
22487	"Situé dans le quartier chic et branché du 16ème arrondissement, Ce charmant studio possède un emplacement idéal pour un séjour touristique: ""la tour-Eiffel est à 10min de marche de la maison"" Il comporte une pièce principale: avec un lit mezzanine double (2 pers) et un canapé-lit, un petit espace cuisine et une salle de bain bien aménagée. Une table à manger, deux chaises et deux tabourets. Un mini réfrigérateur, un micro-ondes grill, une plaque à induction,  une bouilloire, un grill-pain et un appareil à croque-monsieur pour les gourmands ! le coin ""salon"" comprend : un canapé-lit, une table basse et une T.V Écran plat avec Boxe, l'accès au WiFi est gratuit"	"Charmant logement , idéal pour un séjour touristique à Paris. Dans un bel immeuble haussmannien(avec ascenseur), situé entre Trocadéro et les Champs Élysées, Ce logement vous offre tout le confort et les équipements nécessaires pour vos vacances. Situé dans le quartier chic et branché du 16ème arrondissement, Ce charmant studio possède un emplacement idéal pour un séjour touristique: ""la tour-Eiffel est à 10min de marche de la maison"" Il comporte une pièce principale: avec un lit mezzanine double (2 pers) et un canapé-lit, un petit espace cuisine et une salle de bain bien aménagée. Une table à manger, deux chaises et deux tabourets. Un mini réfrigérateur, un micro-ondes grill, une plaque à induction,  une bouilloire, un grill-pain et un appareil à croque-monsieur pour les gourmands ! le coin ""salon"" comprend : un canapé-lit, une table basse et une T.V Écran plat avec Boxe, l'accès au WiFi est gratuit Le logement se situe au 5ème étage avec ascenseur, dans une résidence calme et sécuris"
22488		Superbe studio meublé 30m2 refait à neuf place de Mexico Paris 16ème entre Tour Eiffel et Champs Elysées. Situé au 6ème étage AVEC ascenseur sur cour calme et ensoleillée. Quartier commerçant face à une galerie ouverte jusqu'à 22h . _Galerie commerçante juste en face de l'immeuble _Restaurants et boulangeries _A quelques minutes de la place Trocadero, avec vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel _A 15 min à pied des Champs-Elysées _10 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel, 15 min des Champs-Élysées, 10 min du Bois de Boulogne _Stations métro à quelques minutes (station Trocadero, et station Victor Hugo)permettant d'explorer toute la ville _station Velib dans la rue même pour les sportifs Contact par téléphone ou courriel.  Si vous venez d'Europe, contactez mes parents Jean-Michel et Marie-France (phone number hidden) qui sont sur place, (email hidden) Si vous venez du Canada ou des Etats-Unis, vous pouvez contacter Melissa (propriétaire qui habite à Montréal) au (phone number hidden) ou (email hidden
22489	Ce studio offre une situation géographique unique dans Paris. Tout près des principales lignes de métro, à quelques minutes de la Tour Eiffel, de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs-Elysées, il vous permettra de passer des vacances réussies. Prévu pour deux personnes, avec un lit deux places, il peut accueillir éventuellement une troisième personne sur un matelas gonflable que je peux fournir. Situé au sixième étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien, l'accès est sécurisé par code et se fait par un escalier donnant sur une charmante petite cour. 	Studio idéalement situé entre les Champs-Elysées et la Tour Eiffel. Spacieux, lumineux et bien équipé, il vous offrira toutes les commodités pour un séjour réussi à Paris. Ce studio offre une situation géographique unique dans Paris. Tout près des principales lignes de métro, à quelques minutes de la Tour Eiffel, de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs-Elysées, il vous permettra de passer des vacances réussies. Prévu pour deux personnes, avec un lit deux places, il peut accueillir éventuellement une troisième personne sur un matelas gonflable que je peux fournir. Situé au sixième étage d'un bel immeuble Haussmannien, l'accès est sécurisé par code et se fait par un escalier donnant sur une charmante petite cour. Nombreux commerces de proximité et supermarchés aux alentours. Quartier vivant. Métro ligne 2 (Victor Hugo) Métro ligne 6 (Boissière) Métro ligne 9 (Trocadéro) RER A ou ligne 1 (Charles-de-Gaulle Etoile) Lignes de bus Aéroport (Charles-de-Gaulle Etoile)
22490	Très bel appartement de 53m2, situé dans une jolie rue calme à 3 minutes à pied du Métro Trocadéro. Appartement typique parisien  avec un grand balcon avec vue sur la place du Trocadero. Il est situé au 5° étage ascenseur, lumineux et aéré. Une chambre (14m2) sur cour  avec un vrai lit 2 places. Un grand salon (25m2) sur rue avec 3 portes fenêtres sur balcon. le salon se transforme en chambre très agréable. un canapé lit 2 places confortable+ canapé lit d’appoint 1 place. 	Beautiful typical Haussman Parisian flat, 5 min by foot from Trocadero
22491	Description: Located in the 16th arrondissement, a few meters from the emblematic Trocadéro fountains, the Appartement is a jewel of Haussmannian architecture.  This majestic 400 m2 building evokes the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie of former times, offering exceptional views of Paris and the Eiffel Towel facing south with a balcony.  Located on the 5th floor with an elevator, close to the Passy Metro, this magnifique apartment has a sumptuous entrance hall that opens into a spacious entrance with a beautiful parquet floor and high celling. The apartment have 4 bedrooms (2 master suites & 2 smalls bedrooms), separate guest WC, a large living room with fireplace, a impressive dining room with magnificent painted ceilings, and an equipped separate kitchen.  From a secret door you can have access in the contemporary part of the apartment, where you can find 2 small bedrooms, 1 bathroom and a large living room with a very confortable sofa bed, lots of storage. and a laundry area. Upstai	Located in the 16th arrondissement, a few meters from the emblematic Trocadéro fountains, the Appartement is a jewel of Haussmannian architecture.  This majestic 400 m2 building evokes the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie of former times,. Description: Located in the 16th arrondissement, a few meters from the emblematic Trocadéro fountains, the Appartement is a jewel of Haussmannian architecture.  This majestic 400 m2 building evokes the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie of former times, offering exceptional views of Paris and the Eiffel Towel facing south with a balcony.  Located on the 5th floor with an elevator, close to the Passy Metro, this magnifique apartment has a sumptuous entrance hall that opens into a spacious entrance with a beautiful parquet floor and high celling. The apartment have 4 bedrooms (2 master suites & 2 smalls bedrooms), separate guest WC, a large living room with fireplace, a impressive dining room with magnificent painted ceilings, and an equipped separate 
22492	" Type de logement :	Studio avec jardin this studio apartment with garden, offers comfort, style and character. Located in the gorgeously exclusive 16th arrondissment, you would appreciate the garden and quiet  and clean,. the 16th district is one of the most desirable locations in Paris. This very charming flat situated near rue de passy, full of traditional shops and good restaurants :  butcher's shop, s, wine shops (we are in France!), fruit and vegetable stores, delicious bakeries, several supermarkets and a department store, without forgetting the big brands known for all, Habitat, Muji, Gap, etc.  My apartment is located 6mn walk from Trocadero and jardin du Ranelagh and Bois de Boulogne, 10 mn from Eiffel Tower. It's also close (few mins in direct subway) to Grand Boulevard, Champs Elysee, Le Louvre, Le Moulin Rouge,  Accommodating for two people, With a TV and Wi-Fi internet. There is a sofa bed which becomes a bed when we unfold it. The kitchen’s also has everything you need, f"	" Type de logement :	Studio avec jardin this studio apartment with garden, offers comfort, style and character. Located in the gorgeously exclusive 16th arrondissment, you would appreciate the garden and quiet  and clean,. the 16th district is one of the most desirable locations in Paris. This very charming flat situated near rue de passy, full of traditional shops and good restaurants :  butcher's shop, s, wine shops (we are in France!), fruit and vegetable stores, delicious bakeries, several supermarkets and a department store, without forgetting the big brands known for all, Habitat, Muji, Gap, etc.  My apartment is located 6mn walk from Trocadero and jardin du Ranelagh and Bois de Boulogne, 10 mn from Eiffel Tower. It's also close (few mins in direct subway) to Grand Boulevard, Champs Elysee, Le Louvre, Le Moulin Rouge,  Accommodating for two people, With a TV and Wi-Fi internet. There is a sofa bed which becomes a bed when we unfold it. The kitchen’s also has everything you need, f"
22493	Appartement de 90 m2 à 2 min à pied du Trocadéro et de sa vue magnifique sur la tour Eiffel.  L'appartement situé au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur) qui donne sur cour est calme et très agréable à vivre.  Grand double séjour avec partie salle à manger pouvant accueillir 10 personnes à table. Ecran plat avec cable, Accès Wifi, consoles de jeux, lecteur DVD.    Cuisine toute équipée, plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, robots, mixeur, machine à café classique, grille-pain, bouilloire, frigo, congélateur, machine à laver faisant également fonction sèche-linge. WC séparés à l'entrée.  Salle de bain double vasque avec baignoire.  2 belles chambres de tailles égales avec de nombreux rangements et des lits deux places (+ coiffeuse et bureau) dont une avec balcon.  Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Rencontre des voyageurs lors de l'échange des clés et au moment du départ. 	Appartement de 90 m2 à 2 min à pied du Trocadéro et de sa vue magnifique sur la tour Eiffel.  L'appartement situé au 3ème étage (avec ascenseur) qui donne sur cour est calme et très agréable à vivre.  Grand double séjour avec partie salle à manger pouvant accueillir 10 personnes à table. Ecran plat avec cable, Accès Wifi, consoles de jeux, lecteur DVD.    Cuisine toute équipée, plaques à induction, four, micro-ondes, robots, mixeur, machine à café classique, grille-pain, bouilloire, frigo, congélateur, machine à laver faisant également fonction sèche-linge. WC séparés à l'entrée.  Salle de bain double vasque avec baignoire.  2 belles chambres de tailles égales avec de nombreux rangements et des lits deux places (+ coiffeuse et bureau) dont une avec balcon.  Les voyageurs auront accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement.  Rencontre des voyageurs lors de l'échange des clés et au moment du départ.  Le quartier est très agréable, calme et comporte une multitude de commerces de proximité.  Dans l
22494		Grand studio de 41m2 avec un véritable coin nuit, une cuisine et salle d'eau spacieuse, avec machine à laver. Situé à proximité immédiate de la Seine, dans le quartier sûr d'Exelmans, offrant de nombreux commerces et restaurants, non loin de Beaugrenelle, du Parc des Princes et à 15 min en bus de la tour Effeil. This 41m2 appartment has a bed space, a kitchen and a bath room of appreciable size, with a washing machine. In a safe neighborhood, 15 min away from the Eiffel tower.
22495	Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Quartier haut de gamme parisien sécurise avec tous les commerces à proximité  Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Bus ligne 52 RER C station BOULAINVILLIERS Velib station RANELAGH Périphérique sortie Porte d'Auteuil Quartier haut de gamme parisien sécurise avec tous les commerces à proximité  Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Bus ligne 52 RER C station BOULAINVILLIERS Velib station RANELAGH Périphérique sortie Porte d'Auteuil	Appartement de 90 m2 de standing sous les toits et traversant  2 chambres avec un grand lit de 160 2 salles de bain dont une avec douche et une avec baignoire Grand salon et salle a manger avec cheminée Cuisine ouverte toute équipée Climatisation Wifi et son Bose TV UHD Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Quartier haut de gamme parisien sécurise avec tous les commerces à proximité  Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Bus ligne 52 RER C station BOULAINVILLIERS Velib station RANELAGH Périphérique sortie Porte d'Auteuil Quartier haut de gamme parisien sécurise avec tous les commerces à proximité  Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Bus ligne 52 RER C station BOULAINVILLIERS Velib station RANELAGH Périphérique sortie Porte d'Auteuil Quartier haut de gamme parisien sécurise avec tous les commerces à proximité  Metro ligne 9 RANELAGH Bus ligne 52 RER C station BOULAINVILLIERS Velib station RANELAGH Périphérique sortie Porte d'Auteuil
22496	1 main entrance, 1 living room with sofa and balcony. 1 bedroom with nice terrace where you can have lovely dinner surrounded by plants.  1 kitchen and 1 bathroom. This is a very securitised building.	Charming and quiet flat of 53m² with big terrace of 25m², close to Tour Eiffel. Nice area with all conveniences (good food shops, all transports – metro, bus, taxi 2minutes) 1 main entrance, 1 living room with sofa and balcony. 1 bedroom with nice terrace where you can have lovely dinner surrounded by plants.  1 kitchen and 1 bathroom. This is a very securitised building. Great access to all places in Paris with : Métro Ranelagh (line 9) to 2 minutes from flat Métro Boulianvilliers (RER C) à 5 minutes from flat Métro Passy (line 6) at 10 minutes to get to Tour Eiffel Métro Mirabeau (Line 10) at 10 minutes - Saint Germain des près Bus Lines 52 and 22 - Champs Elysées et Opéra You will be welcome from your arrival and during your trip if necessary. Very beautiful C'est un joli quartier, calme offrant des commerces de bouche et de qualité. La proximité des divers transports permet d'accéder aux sites connus de Paris.  Pour se régénérer, le bois de Boulogne est à 8 minutes à pied.
22497		I rent my beautifull studio in west of Paris at the 7th floor. Don't worry there is a lift on the building.
22498	The apt is a 2BR apt of 40m2 in the city center. Located in La Muette area, close to the shopping Passy Street. It is a bright apt located on the 9th floor with an elevator. With no building opposite, you will enjoy the view on Paris rooftops while you are having dinner outside. The apt has a separated kitchen, with a dish-washer and a washing machine, a bathroom with tub, and a large living room with a fold-out sofa bed made to be used daily. Sheets and towels supplied.	Hi, we offer you our apt during your stay in Paris. It is a 2 BR apt of 40m2 in the city center. Located in La Muette area, with a view on Paris rooftops, the apt is walking distance with the Eiffel Tower The apt is a 2BR apt of 40m2 in the city center. Located in La Muette area, close to the shopping Passy Street. It is a bright apt located on the 9th floor with an elevator. With no building opposite, you will enjoy the view on Paris rooftops while you are having dinner outside. The apt has a separated kitchen, with a dish-washer and a washing machine, a bathroom with tub, and a large living room with a fold-out sofa bed made to be used daily. Sheets and towels supplied. You will find close to the apt 3 supermarkets, a fresh market open daily, shops, a movie theatre and lots of bars and restaurants. The apt is easily reachable: the metro lines 6 and 9, and the RER C will bring you to the Paris Center, and you are 20 minutes walking distance from the Eiffel Tower. Don't hesitate to ask
22499	Type: one Bedroom + one bathroom + large living area + fully equipped kitchen Floor: 4th floor with elevator  Bedding: 4 guests (two in the mezzanine, two on the sofa bed in the living room)  Fully equipped kitchen (no microwave for now) Surface Area: 45 sqm  Personal apartment overlooking shopping street rue de Passy  Internet: unlimited WIFI	Welcome to my cosy apartment, ideally located in Passy Trocadero, close to OECD, where up to 4 people can enjoy their stay in a wonderful location! Type: one Bedroom + one bathroom + large living area + fully equipped kitchen Floor: 4th floor with elevator  Bedding: 4 guests (two in the mezzanine, two on the sofa bed in the living room)  Fully equipped kitchen (no microwave for now) Surface Area: 45 sqm  Personal apartment overlooking shopping street rue de Passy  Internet: unlimited WIFI This is my personal flat: 50 m2 apartment very bright (5m long window overlooking the street) and fully furnished with Italian paintings and Conran Shop's contemporary furnitures. On the 4th floor of an 1960s building, with elevator, 1 large bed in mezzanine and bathroom with bathtub. One large living area and a fully equipped kitchen. The apartment is ideal for a couple with max 2 children who can sleep on the sofa bed. My apartment is located in the 16th Arrondissement long known as one of the most 
