30600	studio decoré avec gout calme et agréable	charmant studio situé à 5 min à pieds du sacré cœur dans un quartier exotique et animé.Composé d'une pièce principale avec cuisine ouverte,coin salon,coin bureau,buanderie,machine à laver et lit en mezzanine 2 places. Et une magnifique salle de bain studio decoré avec gout calme et agréable TV, Machine à laver,wifi nouvellement installé métro Chateau rouge  ligne 4
30601	US kitchen, music equipment (2 guitars, 1 keyboard, 1 MPC station), flat TV, Hi-FI, vinyl, micro-wave, grill, bathroom, shower, separated WC 10mn walk to Montmartre, one metro station to Abbesses, 3 to Pigalle. Bicycle rent.	2-rooms perfectly located in an area of Paris with an atmosphere of a small village. Many restaurants, shops and a very nice park. Metro line 12 (1') & line 4 (5') & many buses around. In front of Mayor House of the 18th district of Paris. 
30602	Soleil direct de 8h à 11h. Vue très dégagée. Entièrement refait a neuf 	Lines 4 and 12 are perfect to get directly to the touristic sites without getting lost (Louvres, Orsay, concorde, Champs Elysées..).This is a very cool area where real parisians live. Full of cool restaurants and bars. Internet, fully equiped kitchen,  
30603	Welcome to our place !  Our flat is located on the fith floor of a modern eight-floor building with lift and digicode. It’s a 96 square meters flat, bright and quiet. It boasts a huge living room with a dining corner, three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large kitchen where you can have breakfast. From the bedrooms (Two beds for two, one single bed + a crib), you have access to a large balcony with a view on a private garden. 	Right behind Montmartre, this 5 rooms flat is quiet and bright. Ideal for a family or two couples, It is located in a lively folk district,  very well connected by subway with all the places of interest in Paris, train stations and airports. Welcome to our place !  Our flat is located on the fith floor of a modern eight-floor building with lift and digicode. It’s a 96 square meters flat, bright and quiet. It boasts a huge living room with a dining corner, three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large kitchen where you can have breakfast. From the bedrooms (Two beds for two, one single bed + a crib), you have access to a large balcony with a view on a private garden. Guests will have access to the whole flat, all kitchen equipment ( dishes, coffee machine, kettle, dishwater, microwawe…), bath and shower, clean sheets and towels, washing machine, high speed wifi, TV, Hifi.  You are more than welcome as a family, a bunch of friend or two couples. We have also thought to parents with a baby. O
30604	The bedroom is west exposed, facing courtyard and very sunny.  The living Room is east exposed and facing street.  the appartment has an 3x1m balconny.  The 18m2 living room has clear white walls, a nice authentic wooden floor, a brand new french window, allowing access to the balcony.  From there, you'll have a clear, open view on roofs of Paris.	The bedroom is west exposed, facing courtyard and very sunny.  The living Room is east exposed and facing street.  the appartment has an 3x1m balconny.  The 18m2 living room has clear white walls, a nice authentic wooden floor, a brand new french window, allowing access to the balcony.  From there, you'll have a clear, open view on roofs of Paris. You'll have full access to the apartment.  Kitchen, 1 Bedroom, Living-Room, Balcony I live close by and work as a freelance, I'll help if you need any assistance. This is Montmartre ! Ramey village side. The closest subway stations are Chateau Rouge (line 4) Barbes (line 2 & 4) Jules Joffrin (line 12) . Bus stop: 80 & 85 right downstairs. Those bus lines are ideally serving the key spots of the city. Strongly recommended. In the kitchen : Micro-wave and oven, a fridge with freezer, kettle, food processor and nice basic ustensils are provided.  Sheets, towels, shampoo and Wifi connection are provided.
30605	You will find here a very nice and comfortable  45SqM flat. It has been renovated in the old style (terra cotta, wood floors...). It includes 2 rooms : a living room with an open kitchen, and two  bedrooms, one with a double bed (140x200cm) situated on the court yard side. The bathroom has a bathtube, and WC are separated. The kitchen is large and very well equiped (induction cooker, electric oven, micro wave oven). The flat is located on a quiet courtyard and street, on the 4th floor (no lift). Very bright, it offers a nice view on Paris roofs. It is located in a 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, or from Gare du Nord: you can reach the City Center Saint Michel in 15 minutes by Metro. Internet, telephone, and sheets provided. Please, ask for more information or pictures by e-mail	You will find here a very nice and comfortable  45SqM flat. It has been renovated in the old style (terra cotta, wood floors...). It includes 2 rooms : a living room with an open kitchen, and two  bedrooms, one with a double bed (140x200cm) situated on the court yard side. The bathroom has a bathtube, and WC are separated. The kitchen is large and very well equiped (induction cooker, electric oven, micro wave oven). The flat is located on a quiet courtyard and street, on the 4th floor (no lift). Very bright, it offers a nice view on Paris roofs. It is located in a 10 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, or from Gare du Nord: you can reach the City Center Saint Michel in 15 minutes by Metro. Internet, telephone, and sheets provided. Please, ask for more information or pictures by e-mail
30606	Mon appartement de 34m² se situe à 5 minutes du centre de Montmartre. Il est ensoleillé toute la journée et très calme.  Il est parfait pour un couple ou des amis en vacances.   	Mon appartement de 34m² se situe à 5 minutes du centre de Montmartre. Il est ensoleillé toute la journée et très calme.  Il est parfait pour un couple ou des amis en vacances.   Les voyageurs auront accès à tous les équipements de l'appartement. En bonus : Café et thé à disposition, serviettes et draps propres, et une bonne bouteille de vin ! Les interactions avec les voyageurs seront fonction de leurs souhaits! L'appartement est à eux pendant la durée de la location et nous voulons qu'ils se sentent chez eux! Je resterai joignable par téléphone et par mail.  l'appartement est à proximité du très chic quartier de Montmartre et des quartiers bobos/populaires du 18eme .Le quartier est parfait pour sortir boire un verre et/ou manger. Je pourrais vous recommander mes restaurants et pubs préférés et tout prêt  (rue du ruisseau, rue du Poteau, rue Custine, rue Marcadet…).Le marché du Poteau (à 1 minute), vous offre la possibilité d’acheter des fruits, légumes et poissons frais! Vous y trouve
30607	2nd floor with easy access.  4 days minimum booking	This lovely 38m2 parisian flat is located in St Bernard area,  10mn walking distance from montmatre and sacre coeur quarter, gare du nord and close from 2 metro lines.  Cosmopolitan and lively,  it s safe and got the soul of multiculural neighborhood 2nd floor with easy access.  4 days minimum booking Near gare du nord with direct access to airports and international train station.  Metro 2 to pigalles and champs elysees in 15mn. Line 4 taking you historical paris.  10mn walking distance to place du tertre and trendy restaurants  Multicultural and lively,  eglise saint Bernard will surprise you by its parisian soul and simplicity  metro 2, metro 4 and RER Easy to get to flee marking.  This place is central and affordable 
30608	We welcome you to our charming 40 m2 apartment in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Parquet, boat deck parquet in shower room, tiled in terracotta, exposed beams, canopy interior, colors and daily sunshine give a modern stamp and a certain charm to our home. In its view on the rails of the North Station, the apartment is sunny in the morning and afternoon. To reassure about the noise level, we have triple glazing and trains do not pass overnight. It is located on the 5th floor. It is housed with a separate bedroom (double bed) and bathroom parental. A high quality sofa bed creates a second double bed. The bright living room has a kitchen open to living. Linens and towels are provided. Internet broadband is available (wireless). Available equipment: fridge, freezer, induction hob, oven, dishwasher, coffee maker Nespresso, kettle, toaster, washing machine / dryer, hair dryer.	Our apartment bathed in sunlight from morning to night welcomes you in a cozy and modern place. It can accommodate up to 4 persons and is located less than 10 min walk from the North Station: the heart of Paris is only at one station of Metro. We welcome you to our charming 40 m2 apartment in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. Parquet, boat deck parquet in shower room, tiled in terracotta, exposed beams, canopy interior, colors and daily sunshine give a modern stamp and a certain charm to our home. In its view on the rails of the North Station, the apartment is sunny in the morning and afternoon. To reassure about the noise level, we have triple glazing and trains do not pass overnight. It is located on the 5th floor. It is housed with a separate bedroom (double bed) and bathroom parental. A high quality sofa bed creates a second double bed. The bright living room has a kitchen open to living. Linens and towels are provided. Internet broadband is available (wireless). Available equipmen
30609	"Large and lovely studio to rent in the eighteenth arr., Perfect location for couples who would like to discover the typical Paris! Located at the foot of the ""Sacré Coeur"" and at the top of Montmartre, the neighborhood is charming. Markets, small shops and restaurants are accessible with a walking distance! Guests can also enjoy the proximity of green spaces and many attractions... (I will leave you a list of my good addresses) In a 25m2 surface, the apartment, well appointed, overlooks a courtyard where you can sleep well : it's really quiet ! The apartment has a kitchenette, separated from the rest of the room by a wooden bar, a table with 4 chairs, a seating area with armchairs and a separate bedroom area. All very tastefully decorated! The place is very well located : 10 minutes walk from the subway Abbesses (ligne 3), Anvers (ligne 2) and Chateau Rouge (ligne 4). Velib stations down the street.  And to go to the Sacré Coeur, you have just to climb the stairs... and it's there ! De"	"Big studio at the hearth of the 18ème arrondissement, at the foot of the Sacré Coeur, cosy and confortable.  The neighbourhood is quid, and charming, and there is plenty things to do in surroundings : restaurants, bars, parcs... Large and lovely studio to rent in the eighteenth arr., Perfect location for couples who would like to discover the typical Paris! Located at the foot of the ""Sacré Coeur"" and at the top of Montmartre, the neighborhood is charming. Markets, small shops and restaurants are accessible with a walking distance! Guests can also enjoy the proximity of green spaces and many attractions... (I will leave you a list of my good addresses) In a 25m2 surface, the apartment, well appointed, overlooks a courtyard where you can sleep well : it's really quiet ! The apartment has a kitchenette, separated from the rest of the room by a wooden bar, a table with 4 chairs, a seating area with armchairs and a separate bedroom area. All very tastefully decorated! The place is very wel"
30610		Appartement situé à 10 min à pied de Montmartre et à 150 m des lignes de métro 4 et 12. Appartement tout équipé avec beaucoup de charme donnant sur une cours calme. 
30611		Superbe appartement 2 pcs d'architecte à Montmartre/Lamarck entièrement rénové/neuf, très lumineux, traversant, double exposition. Séjour Sud Ouest. Vue du séjour très dégagée sur la butte et dans les arbres. Décoré avec goût, design vintage & modern
30612		L'appartement est entièrement équipé (lave linge, four, télévision, internet, téléphone...) Lieu de villégiature de jeunes cadres dynamiques, le quartier offre un mode de vie paisible avec ses nombreuses épiceries, cafés, restaurants et marchés. Situé non loin des quartiers touristiques de Montmartre et Pigalle, le Moulin Rouge ne se trouve qu'à 20 minutes à pied de l'appartement.  Très bien desservi par les transports en commun, vous vous rendrez rapidement au centre de Paris (Champs Elysées, Invalides, Saint Lazare).
30613		Un duplex de 100 m2 à Montmartre, lumineux, calme, près du Sacré-Coeur. Un grand salon salle à manger avec canapé-lit, cuisine américaine. Charme. Poutres apparentes. Vue sur la verdure et les toits de Montmartre.Deux chambres. Salle-de-bains, WC.
30614	The main entrance divides the apartment like most typical Parisian flats. The rooms facing the street (like all the rooms in the apartment), have large double glazed windows. You can decide to isolate yourself from the hustle bustle of rue Lepic or throw open the windows to let in the jovial atmosphere that locals and visitors have come to know and love. To your right as you enter the apartment is the living room whose entrance door has been decorated with a motif of the Paris metro (in case you have forgotten where you are), is the heart of the apartment. This is where you will relax after a long days sightseeing, perhaps catching up on international news in English, Spanish, German or French among otherlanguages or making use of the laptop computer to surf the internet and plan out the next days visits. The coffee table doubles as our dining table and is a truly ingenious space saving system that can be raised or lowered with the flip of a lever and opens out to seat up to 6 people. 	Lepic Retreat was renovated specifically to meet the needs and demands of the most discerning traveler. We have truly tried to think of everything and more to make your stay here with us one that we hope you will not soon forget. The style of this apartment is classic, à la Française, but with personal modern touches. The mix of colors chosen for the furnishing and the walls, come together to create a relaxing & elegant space. The light fixtures were hand picked from a very fashionable boutique. The main entrance divides the apartment like most typical Parisian flats. The rooms facing the street (like all the rooms in the apartment), have large double glazed windows. You can decide to isolate yourself from the hustle bustle of rue Lepic or throw open the windows to let in the jovial atmosphere that locals and visitors have come to know and love. To your right as you enter the apartment is the living room whose entrance door has been decorated with a motif of the Paris metro (in case yo
30615	Located in the very nice Montmartre quarter, the appartment has been renovated 4 years ago.  It is centrally located next to the Sacré Coeur and 5 minutes walk from the Abbesses street with many shops and restaurants.  Access Transportation is easy with the 3 different metro lines (Abbesses, Anvers, Barbes) and bike stations close by (Velib) in details : Abbesses : Line 12 (direct access to Madeleine, Concorde, Musée d'Orsay, Gare Montparnasse...) Anvers : line 2 (direct access to Nation, Belleville, Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe / Champs-Elysées) Barbès : lines 2 & 4 (direct access to Notre Dame, St Michel, Chatelet)   The appartment is 40m2 :  - 1 bedroom with double bed - Living room with a couch -  Fully equipped living room : Wifi, Flat screen TV, PC...  - Equipped kitchen  - bathroom : shower, washing machine It is in the 6th floor with elevator and tiny balcony with view on the roofs of Paris.	Located in the very nice Montmartre quarter, the appartment has been renovated 4 years ago.  It is centrally located next to the Sacré Coeur and 5 minutes walk from the Abbesses street with many shops and restaurants.  Access Transportation is easy with the 3 different metro lines (Abbesses, Anvers, Barbes) and bike stations close by (Velib) in details : Abbesses : Line 12 (direct access to Madeleine, Concorde, Musée d'Orsay, Gare Montparnasse...) Anvers : line 2 (direct access to Nation, Belleville, Parc Monceau and Arc de Triomphe / Champs-Elysées) Barbès : lines 2 & 4 (direct access to Notre Dame, St Michel, Chatelet)   The appartment is 40m2 :  - 1 bedroom with double bed - Living room with a couch -  Fully equipped living room : Wifi, Flat screen TV, PC...  - Equipped kitchen  - bathroom : shower, washing machine It is in the 6th floor with elevator and tiny balcony with view on the roofs of Paris.
30616	"Charming and comfortable 3-room apartment, fully furnished, with mouldings, fireplace and pier glass: in one word, typically Parisian. It's ideally located, with the ""Sacre Coeur"" of Montmartre at 5 minutes, close from place du tertre, and not far from the famous café of Amélie Poulain.  Lots of convenience stores, shops, restaurants, and famous places to visit in the area. The area is very peaceful, calm, typically parisian but close from touristic attraction. There is one of the best bakery of paris, pefect for a french breakfast with bread and croissant. Close from métro chateau rouge (line 4), Lamarck-caulaincourt (line 12) and anvers (line 2) Many buses: Momtmartrobus, 31/85/80 (direct to Eiffel tower, champs elysées) The apartment has a spacious living-room, full of light 1 parent bedroom with double bed, a desk, TV 1 bedroom with a bed for children and a changing table.  It's also possible tu arrange an air bed or to sllep in the couch 1 kitchen with dishwasher 1 bathroom with b"	"Charming and comfortable 3-room apartment, fully furnished, with mouldings, fireplace and pier glass: in one word, typically Parisian. It's ideally located, with the ""Sacre Coeur"" of Montmartre at 5 minutes, close from place du tertre, and not far from the famous café of Amélie Poulain.  Lots of convenience stores, shops, restaurants, and famous places to visit in the area. The area is very peaceful, calm, typically parisian but close from touristic attraction. There is one of the best bakery of paris, pefect for a french breakfast with bread and croissant. Close from métro chateau rouge (line 4), Lamarck-caulaincourt (line 12) and anvers (line 2) Many buses: Momtmartrobus, 31/85/80 (direct to Eiffel tower, champs elysées) The apartment has a spacious living-room, full of light 1 parent bedroom with double bed, a desk, TV 1 bedroom with a bed for children and a changing table.  It's also possible tu arrange an air bed or to sllep in the couch 1 kitchen with dishwasher 1 bathroom with b"
30617	"The studio stays on a charming square, the “Place Emile Goudeau"" where PICASSO’s studio used to be on the 3rd floor (Fr standard). In 1920-40, the building was the furnished “hotel du Poirier” (Pear tree hotel). Many famous guests lived in (MODIGLIANI, Albert CAMUS, Max JACOB …). PICASSO and other painters artists lived across in the “BATEAU LAVOIR”. On the left is the Abbesses district, on the right the Old Montmartre village. The square is planted with big Spanish Oak trees. The area is very safe and charming and welcomes painters, artists, fresh markets, vintage furniture markets... We are in the same block as the fruit & vegetable stand featured in the famous movie “Le Destin d’Amélie Poulain”. The Abbesses subway station is 2 mn walk and the Sacre Coeur Church a few hundred yards.  The studio has been completely renovated. It fits for 2. It is equipped with a double convertible sofa bed.  Kitchen bar is fully equipped. A nice 30’ flat TV and DVD is available. The bathroom is lit b"	"It combines the advantage of being very affordable, fully renewed and perfectly located in the center of the Abbesses district 2 mn from the subway. Lively and safe area with variety of shops, bars and restaurants. The studio stays on a charming square, the “Place Emile Goudeau"" where PICASSO’s studio used to be on the 3rd floor (Fr standard). In 1920-40, the building was the furnished “hotel du Poirier” (Pear tree hotel). Many famous guests lived in (MODIGLIANI, Albert CAMUS, Max JACOB …). PICASSO and other painters artists lived across in the “BATEAU LAVOIR”. On the left is the Abbesses district, on the right the Old Montmartre village. The square is planted with big Spanish Oak trees. The area is very safe and charming and welcomes painters, artists, fresh markets, vintage furniture markets... We are in the same block as the fruit & vegetable stand featured in the famous movie “Le Destin d’Amélie Poulain”. The Abbesses subway station is 2 mn walk and the Sacre Coeur Church a few hun"
30618		Studio 1 pièce refait à neuf bien équipé : coin cuisine avec 4 plaques, four, hotte. Une salle de bain avec une douche, un lavabo, toilettes. La pièce à vivre est lumineuse et donne un accès direct sur un jardin privé arboré et fleuri. Très belle exposition. 10min Gare du Nord
30619		Bonjour, je loue mon appartement de 37 m2 situé à proximité de Lamarck, l'appartement est composé de deux pièces (une chambre ainsi qu'un salon). Ce quartier est très sympathique, le Sacré Coeur n'étant qu'à 10 minutes à pieds.
30620	Living room with convertible sofa bed for 2 people, TV, Wifi, stereo with ipod connexion, one bedroom with large bed for 2 people, shower, toilet, hair dryer.  Fully equiped kitchen with oven, micro wave, induction stove, refregirator, washing machine, nespresso coffee machine, toaster, iron.	A few minutes walk from Montmarte, close to the subway and only 3 stops from gare du Nord, this fully renovated apartment and cleverly laid out living area with no wasted space can accomodate 4 people. Many shops nearby. Living room with convertible sofa bed for 2 people, TV, Wifi, stereo with ipod connexion, one bedroom with large bed for 2 people, shower, toilet, hair dryer.  Fully equiped kitchen with oven, micro wave, induction stove, refregirator, washing machine, nespresso coffee machine, toaster, iron. Métro Line 4 et 12 at 200m (Marcadet Poissonniers) Busandt Montmartrobus Vélib : 2 stations just accross the apartement
30621	Studio 18m ² near the Montmartre funicular. Completely renovated with stone walls.  Bathroom with shower, kitchenette kitchen kind. Mini hall with coat rack. Cutest Parisien neighborhood, excitement every day of the week. Near metro Abbesses (line 12).	Studio 18m ² near the Montmartre funicular. Completely renovated with stone walls.  Bathroom with shower, kitchenette kitchen kind. Mini hall with coat rack. Cutest Parisien neighborhood, excitement every day of the week. Near metro Abbesses (line 1 Studio 18m ² near the Montmartre funicular. Completely renovated with stone walls.  Bathroom with shower, kitchenette kitchen kind. Mini hall with coat rack. Cutest Parisien neighborhood, excitement every day of the week. Near metro Abbesses (line 12).
30622		
30623	The appartment is at the 6th and last floor, without elevator. Two-floor appartment : - At the first, you'll find the living-room, with the kitchen, and the bathroom - At the second floor, is the bedroom, just under the roof (1.40 m high at most)	Welcoming, comfortable, quiet, well-equiped and tastefully decorated, you will feel like a Parisian in this studio plus mezzanine, overlooking courtyards. Ideal for couple or single travelers, it is in the very lively and bustling Montmartre. The appartment is at the 6th and last floor, without elevator. Two-floor appartment : - At the first, you'll find the living-room, with the kitchen, and the bathroom - At the second floor, is the bedroom, just under the roof (1.40 m high at most) Whole appartment I will be welcoming you, or a friend of mine if I'm abroad. You'll also have a phone number you can call anytime in case of trouble Building's yard from the two windows - very quiet neighborhood Metro, line 12 and 13 are 5 minutes walk away Bus 95 is also available just near the flat Flat-screen, Wi-Fi and all the basic stuff you need will be there waiting for you !
30624	The apartment has an area of 40 m² and has three main parts: a living room including the kitchen (with skylight), a room and a work space. The bathroom has a view towards the Sacré Coeur, from the shower. Well appointed, the volume and spaces are well proportioned. The light is everywhere : Living room receives a beautifull light in the morning, and bedroom and office in the end of afternoon. The flat overlooks two very quiet courtyards (no noise, only birds...), and has no vis-à-vis (clear view of the sky above the roofs). It is located on the 6th floor. At the heart of Paris, this space is peaceful. A perfect nest for meditation or just find itself in a cocoon. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people (a double bed and a sofa bed). It includes a fully equipement kitchen (electric hob, fridge freezer, microwave oven), washing machine, cupboard, wifi. It is located behind Montmartre in an authentic neighborhood. The neighbors are very friendly. Local shops abound, and a multitude o	The apartment is 40 m² and overlooks two quiet courtyards , without vis- à-vis , 7 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur. It can accommodate up to 4 people and has all the conveniences. A nest for meditation or just find themselves in a cocoon ! The apartment has an area of 40 m² and has three main parts: a living room including the kitchen (with skylight), a room and a work space. The bathroom has a view towards the Sacré Coeur, from the shower. Well appointed, the volume and spaces are well proportioned. The light is everywhere : Living room receives a beautifull light in the morning, and bedroom and office in the end of afternoon. The flat overlooks two very quiet courtyards (no noise, only birds...), and has no vis-à-vis (clear view of the sky above the roofs). It is located on the 6th floor. At the heart of Paris, this space is peaceful. A perfect nest for meditation or just find itself in a cocoon. The apartment can accommodate up to 4 people (a double bed and a sofa bed). It include
30625	Entre Abbesses et Pigalle, ce grand studio est très bien placé. Parfaitement calme et très lumineux avec 5 fenêtres donnant toutes sur cour et sans vis à vis.  Une entrée, toilettes séparées, cuisine colorée et ouverte , une petite salle de bain avec cabine de douche.  Meublé avec d'authentiques meubles années 50/60.  Plaques induction, four micro ondes , lit deux places en latex - très confortable.  Seule restriction : le dressing qui contient mes vêtements et dont vous n'aurez pas l'utilité.  Beaucoup de charme, très agréable à vivre.  Idéal pour passer quelques jours à Paris !!	Grand studio typiquement parisien à deux pas de la place des Abbesses. Vous entendrez le carillon de l'église saint Jean !  Dans une rue calme il donne exclusivement sur une très jolie cour pavée.  Parquet, cuisine ouverte. Au 3ème et dernier étage. Entre Abbesses et Pigalle, ce grand studio est très bien placé. Parfaitement calme et très lumineux avec 5 fenêtres donnant toutes sur cour et sans vis à vis.  Une entrée, toilettes séparées, cuisine colorée et ouverte , une petite salle de bain avec cabine de douche.  Meublé avec d'authentiques meubles années 50/60.  Plaques induction, four micro ondes , lit deux places en latex - très confortable.  Seule restriction : le dressing qui contient mes vêtements et dont vous n'aurez pas l'utilité.  Beaucoup de charme, très agréable à vivre.  Idéal pour passer quelques jours à Paris !! Plaques induction, four micro ondes , lit deux places en latex - très confortable. l'ensemble de l'appartement exception faite du dressing qui contient mes affair
30626		"Montmartre/ Sacré coeur We are looking forward to assisting you with anything you need so that you get a really good time in Paris! Montmartre is never sleeping. Plenty of bars restaurants, art galeries, famous cabarets, concert halls and shops, the area offers pleasant walking.  Here, fews things to do:  By stairs or by the funiculaire, you can visit the beautiful and free entrance ""Sacré Coeur"" church, and before to enter when you look behind you, you discover a panoramic view of Paris as you are at the top of the stairs, the top of the Paris hill.  Walk by Montmartre village's little paved streets and choose the restaurant wherever you want to eat.  Have a stop at Place du tertre to admire Portrait Artist working and maybe decide to have also your own portrait.  Then visit Dali museum.  Not far, you can book your tickets to see Doris Girls at Famous ""Moulin Rouge"" and theirs famous french Can Can NOISE AND SECURITY  The building is secure and quiet Closest stop: Place de Clichy LINE"
30627		Studio charmant et pratique!  Cuisine séparée, salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes séparés.  Très bien desservie: deux métros et noctilien. Commerces à proximité, marché et franprix au piede l immeuble !  Quartier très sympa, !
30628	Cosy and lovely place to enjoy Paris. 	"Lovely flat near Montmartre in the beautiful neighborhood of Lamarck Caulaincourt / Jules Joffrin Ideal place to visit Paris and enjoy the parisian life style (markets, shops, restaurants, parks...) Cosy and lovely place to enjoy Paris. 6 minutes away from the subway ""Jules Joffrin"" (line 12) or ""Lamarck Caulaincourt"" (line 12) It would be our pleasure to advice you some nice places to visit, eat, drink, party, ... Montmartre is one of the most famous places in the World Close to the subway"
30629	My flat is located  very next to the Subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (10 meters). It's a typical parisian flat, 38 square meters, with wood floor, woodwork, fireplaces (no use). Real kitchen with window, bathroom (little bathtube),  closets (window).  One big bed in bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. The windows of the bedroom and living room see on the courtyard (very clean), so there's no view on the city (only from the kitchen). But it's very quiet (of course, you might here sometimes the neighbours kids, but they are nice).  The building is very nice and clean, with entry code, interphone (you will have a pass). The flat is in the second building in the courtyard.  Please note that the painting of the staircase is very old and needs to be refreshed. I'm sorry for that. But the apartment painting is clean. Also I live at the 5th floor without lift.	Charming flat near Montmartre, very quiet, on courtyard. Multi-cultural working-class neighboorhood. 5th floor without lift. 15 min from Montmartre. My flat is located  very next to the Subway station Marcadet-Poissonniers (10 meters). It's a typical parisian flat, 38 square meters, with wood floor, woodwork, fireplaces (no use). Real kitchen with window, bathroom (little bathtube),  closets (window).  One big bed in bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. The windows of the bedroom and living room see on the courtyard (very clean), so there's no view on the city (only from the kitchen). But it's very quiet (of course, you might here sometimes the neighbours kids, but they are nice).  The building is very nice and clean, with entry code, interphone (you will have a pass). The flat is in the second building in the courtyard.  Please note that the painting of the staircase is very old and needs to be refreshed. I'm sorry for that. But the apartment painting is clean. Also I li
30630	Promo en Août... regardez les tarifs ... vous serez comblés !!!  Logement charmant, pratique, romantique et parfait pour visiter Paris. Vous aurez le linge de maison fourni et tant de petites attentions que vous serez comblé.	"C'est l'écrin parfait de votre séjour en amoureux à Paris. Idéalement situé au coeur du 18ème arrondissement, charmant cocon douillet pour petits budgets. Le métro et le bus, tout près, vous conduisent à tous les sites touristiques incontournables. Promo en Août... regardez les tarifs ... vous serez comblés !!!  Logement charmant, pratique, romantique et parfait pour visiter Paris. Vous aurez le linge de maison fourni et tant de petites attentions que vous serez comblé. C'est un logement non fumeur, pour 2 personnes et nos amis les animaux ne sont pas admis. Je vis en face et travaille à coté, si vous avez besoin de moi... en principe... c'est très simple. Quartier vivant et calme aux adresses de renom et de grande qualité. La fromagerie Virginie, le chocolatier Lahrer, le restaurant "" chez Frezet"", le torréfacteur, la boulangerie Delmontel et d'autres encore qui se font passer le 1er Prix de la meilleure baguette de Paris.. et j'en passe... Métro "" lamarck caulaincourt"" ou "" Guy Moque"
30631	2 pieces, un grand lit (160) dans la chambre et un canape lit (150) dans le salon. il y a un piano la cuisine est equipee, avec lave linge, il y a un lavomatic juste en bas de l immeuble pour secher les vetements si besoin est. c'est le quartier cosmopolite de Paris, il n'y a pas de problème de securite mais il ne faut être anxieux si la rue est bondee en sortant du metro.  l appartement est trescalme puisqu il donne sur la cour. ligne toute proche, ligne 12 proche, et ligne 2 à 10 min à pied, donc on peut balayer paris facilement, en etant à 30 min ou moins du Louvre, des champs elysees, des Invalides et de la Bastille. 1h15 de Versailles en croisant le RER à la station st Michel sur la ligne 4. il y a un petit magasin diagonal en bas de l'immeuble, et Carrefour (22h30) et Monoprix à 300m. Boulangerie ouverte 24/24h à la sortie du metro, et pharmacie ouverte jusqu' à deux heures du matin à 200m. Au coin de la rue, le bar l'Omadys est le plus sympa du quartier. IL y a une concierge. le	un salon dans lequel il y a un BZ de 140cm de large, et une chambre avec un grand lit 160, possibilité d'ajouter un matelas une place par terre présent sur place. Calme (sur cour) et lumineux. the, serviettes et savons inclus Piano Livres 2 pieces, un grand lit (160) dans la chambre et un canape lit (150) dans le salon. il y a un piano la cuisine est equipee, avec lave linge, il y a un lavomatic juste en bas de l immeuble pour secher les vetements si besoin est. c'est le quartier cosmopolite de Paris, il n'y a pas de problème de securite mais il ne faut être anxieux si la rue est bondee en sortant du metro.  l appartement est trescalme puisqu il donne sur la cour. ligne toute proche, ligne 12 proche, et ligne 2 à 10 min à pied, donc on peut balayer paris facilement, en etant à 30 min ou moins du Louvre, des champs elysees, des Invalides et de la Bastille. 1h15 de Versailles en croisant le RER à la station st Michel sur la ligne 4. il y a un petit magasin diagonal en bas de l'immeuble, 
30632	It is clean, simple, pretty and you will feel good in it. 40 sqm	It is a bright and clean flat, with one bedroom and a living room with open kitchen. At the foot of Montmartre and close to many public transports means (Subway 2-4-12, Gare du Nord & Est,..), it is a great place to visit and enjoy your stay in Paris It is clean, simple, pretty and you will feel good in it. 40 sqm Entire flat, included laundry machine, iron, kitchen and kitchen equipment, usual kitchen consumables, some beverages (milk, orange juice, coffee, tea, beers), fridge, Wi-Fi. Plans, transport information guide. Make yourself at home ;) I hope I will be able to welcome and say good bye to you, but if I don’t, I have got friends or family to take care of you. I am available anytime for emergency, info or simply talk. I’ll advise you with pleasure about activities, outing, the neighborhood… A neighborhood simple and touristic, bustling. My street is a big mix-up of population Literally 250m from Metro Stations Anvers & Barbes (Line 4-purple & 2-blue) and 700m from Stations Abbes
30633	Typical  charming and  brightly wood flow flat in Montmartre, 40 m2 2mn by walk to the métro Abbesses. Old fashion style buiding. Artistic (email hidden)ttage style_ All confort .Double bed. Laundry.Shower- Really nice lively and green area.  Tje kitchen contains. Electric  kettle, cooking -flat, oven, vegetable and fish steamer washing- machine. Fridge.All for cooking. The bedroom. 1bed 1,60 for 2, Japonese Style bedding. 1 armchair for clothes; 1 suspend -clothing cupboard .1 little television. WC and shower room separated. Living room: 1 working computer table-1 meal table with 4 chairs; 3 armchairs. 1 big mirror_1 library.  Lot of shops and public services around  Post- Office, Nice English  speaking  people  at the corner in the cyber- coffee in case of emergency ! Veli'b station-  Directly from the mains stations- 45mn from Charles de Gaulle_Airport; by Rer and metro.lot of bus.Vélib'station 25 to gare de Lyon et Montparnasse- 10 to gares du Nord-Est and Saint Lazare; Severals bu	Typical  charming and  brightly wood flow flat in Montmartre, 40 m2 2mn by walk to the métro Abbesses. Old fashion style buiding. Artistic (email hidden)ttage style_ All confort .Double bed. Laundry.Shower- Really nice lively and green area.  Tje kitchen contains. Electric  kettle, cooking -flat, oven, vegetable and fish steamer washing- machine. Fridge.All for cooking. The bedroom. 1bed 1,60 for 2, Japonese Style bedding. 1 armchair for clothes; 1 suspend -clothing cupboard .1 little television. WC and shower room separated. Living room: 1 working computer table-1 meal table with 4 chairs; 3 armchairs. 1 big mirror_1 library.  Lot of shops and public services around  Post- Office, Nice English  speaking  people  at the corner in the cyber- coffee in case of emergency ! Veli'b station-  Directly from the mains stations- 45mn from Charles de Gaulle_Airport; by Rer and metro.lot of bus.Vélib'station 25 to gare de Lyon et Montparnasse- 10 to gares du Nord-Est and Saint Lazare; Severals bu
30634		3 pièces avec 2 vraies chambres et un salon, tout confort, vue tres dégagée...pas de vis à vis!  A 10 min a pied de montmartre! Bars tres sympas au pied de l appartement! Belle ambiance, quartier animé !  L appartement est à votre disposition!
30635	You've got a confortable double bed with clean sheets, A shower room with toilet and towels and shampoo and body wash at your disposal And a complet kitchen with : -micro wave- fridge- extractor Hood -wash/dryer machine - Folding table and chairs - induction cooker-varied dishes and kitchen utensil -WI-Fi -Telephone	Hello we are Julien and Lou, your hosts. Here is a 15 m2 typical parisien appartement in the center of Montmartre. Hope to see you soon at our place ;) You've got a confortable double bed with clean sheets, A shower room with toilet and towels and shampoo and body wash at your disposal And a complet kitchen with : -micro wave- fridge- extractor Hood -wash/dryer machine - Folding table and chairs - induction cooker-varied dishes and kitchen utensil -WI-Fi -Telephone All the appartment Feel free to contact us any time of your stay for any problems or questions :) The environnement is very cozy and artistic. Around you have a lot of famous tourist spots, restaurants, supermarkets, bakers …  ( 10 min from La basilsique du  Sacré cœur , 7 min from place des tertres and Dali’s Museum) Easy acces from the metro line 12 ( 3min from Abbesses station) and the line 2 (7 min from Pigalle station where you have a lot of bus station and also a taxi sation.
30636	This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the mi	This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the middle of Paris, nice boulangeries! Come check out Jules Joffrin you won't regret it ❤️+ Milo This cool girly and cute studio is located in Montmartre Hot Spot Joffrin, no min to the center of Paris, nice evening scene, lots of bar and restaurants. Like the country in the mi
30637	Welcome, bienvenue! This 32 m² (345 ft²) one-bedroom apartment is located in the charming Montmartre area, in beautiful rue des Abbesses. There are lots of restaurants, bars, craft and artists areas nearby and there's only a 10-minute walk to get to the Basilique du Sacré Cœur or the Moulin Rouge. The flat is also close to metro-stops Abbesses or Pigalle and 10 minutes away from Gare du Nord. You can get to les Champs-Élysées by metro in 15 minutes and around 20 minutes to get to the city center (Notre Dame de Paris and Le Louvre for example). The flat is on the 3rd floor and has an elevator, there is a view onto a bright and quiet interior courtyard. It has: - A bedroom with a comfortable double bed (queen size), a wardrobe is at your disposal - A living room with a 3-seat sofa, a dining table (for up to 6 people), a desk and a TV with a wide range of channels (French and international ones), wireless internet - A small but fully equipped open-plan kitchen (ceramic glass cooktop, oven	Welcome, bienvenue! This apartment is located in the charming Montmartre area, in beautiful rue des Abbesses, with lots of restaurants, bars, craft and artists areas nearby, close to famous Basilique du Sacré Coeur and Moulin Rouge. Welcome, bienvenue! This 32 m² (345 ft²) one-bedroom apartment is located in the charming Montmartre area, in beautiful rue des Abbesses. There are lots of restaurants, bars, craft and artists areas nearby and there's only a 10-minute walk to get to the Basilique du Sacré Cœur or the Moulin Rouge. The flat is also close to metro-stops Abbesses or Pigalle and 10 minutes away from Gare du Nord. You can get to les Champs-Élysées by metro in 15 minutes and around 20 minutes to get to the city center (Notre Dame de Paris and Le Louvre for example). The flat is on the 3rd floor and has an elevator, there is a view onto a bright and quiet interior courtyard. It has: - A bedroom with a comfortable double bed (queen size), a wardrobe is at your disposal - A living r
30638		Hi ! we are three roomates in a nice appartement in the north of Paris, just closed to Montmartre. Two of us are leaving their room for three weeks, for holidays ! The one who stay here is Odile, she's very nice and will be happy to welcome you here!
30639	Out apartment is really cosy. We love being in it and receive friends. We hope you'll enjoy this place like us. It has a large living room decorate by ourselves. The bedroom is equipped with a large bed (1,60m large) and open on a pretty yard court full of charm even with grappes !	"We welcome you in our dearest apartment. It is sunny and very cosy : perfect for a romantic stay in Paris or holidays in family (children can sleep in the living room). We hope you'll love it as much as we do. Out apartment is really cosy. We love being in it and receive friends. We hope you'll enjoy this place like us. It has a large living room decorate by ourselves. The bedroom is equipped with a large bed (1,60m large) and open on a pretty yard court full of charm even with grappes ! All the appartment is let to the guests. During your stay, you can of course reach us on our cell phones in case of troubles. We also have family and friends who leave next door and who we'll be able to come if needed. We love our neighborhood ans we'll be glad to give you the adresses of the bars and restaurants we love close to the apartment. There is also lots of theaters and cinemas. Our subway station is ""Place de Clichy"". The apartment is less than 50 meters from the subway."
30640	The apartment consists of a spacious living room with open kitchen, and a separate bath room.  You have everything you need for a pleasant stay:  - 1 bedroom with double bed (linen and towels included), iron and ironing board  - 1 living room with a good bed sofa can accommodate 2 more people, TV  - 1 bathroom (towels provided) with hairdryer, washing machine and dryer  - 1 kitchen equipped with fridge freezer, hob, oven, dishwasher, blender, cookware (pans, pots, pans, towels, etc..) And tableware (plates, glasses, cups, cutlery etc.. ). But we do not have a microwave.  - Wifi  - Ability to provide material baby: cot linen, high chair, bath.  	Bright apartment with stunning views of Montmartre on the 6th floor (elevator) of a Haussmann building. Near Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est (airports, Eurostar, Thalys, TGV, metro). Possibility of baby equipment available. The apartment consists of a spacious living room with open kitchen, and a separate bath room.  You have everything you need for a pleasant stay:  - 1 bedroom with double bed (linen and towels included), iron and ironing board  - 1 living room with a good bed sofa can accommodate 2 more people, TV  - 1 bathroom (towels provided) with hairdryer, washing machine and dryer  - 1 kitchen equipped with fridge freezer, hob, oven, dishwasher, blender, cookware (pans, pots, pans, towels, etc..) And tableware (plates, glasses, cups, cutlery etc.. ). But we do not have a microwave.  - Wifi  - Ability to provide material baby: cot linen, high chair, bath.  You will find all the useful shops within 5 minutes: bakery, butchery, supermarket, wine, laundry, pharmacy, library, cinema,
30641	In a beautiful 19th century building, in a sloping street laid with cobblestones, (the beginning of the Butte Montmartre), on the 5th and last floor with elevator. Lovely view over the rooftops and gardens with the Sacré-coeur for this studio typical Parisian life Montmartre. A small vestibule serves the small bathroom, with a huge shower-bath (where the valve does not bother to take a bath for two!), sink and toilet, and a few shelves to put your things. A  double bed in the mezzanine and a double air matress if you are more than two. An electric piano to stretch your fingers, a fireplace and a fully equipped open kitchen (induction cooktop 3 burners, refrigerator, small dishwasher, cutlery and crockery ... ) Please note there id no microwave, and the oven is currently out of order! I leave you the Imac 27 inches if necessary to check the internet or watch a movie after a hard day to climb on the hill or in clignancourt's flea market ! The apartment is very bright, quiet and soothing.	What I love in this studio is: -first, the light: the three windows open on a nice view at the highest floor of the buiding, and faces planted garden n the rooftops on the other side of the street; -second, the decoration, which I chose carefully. In a beautiful 19th century building, in a sloping street laid with cobblestones, (the beginning of the Butte Montmartre), on the 5th and last floor with elevator. Lovely view over the rooftops and gardens with the Sacré-coeur for this studio typical Parisian life Montmartre. A small vestibule serves the small bathroom, with a huge shower-bath (where the valve does not bother to take a bath for two!), sink and toilet, and a few shelves to put your things. A  double bed in the mezzanine and a double air matress if you are more than two. An electric piano to stretch your fingers, a fireplace and a fully equipped open kitchen (induction cooktop 3 burners, refrigerator, small dishwasher, cutlery and crockery ... ) Please note there id no microwav
30642	Il est calme, serein, avec ascenseur	appartement calme avec trois chambres coté cour, pour 6 personnes. Le salon au 4ème est dans les feuillages. Tout pour se reposer après s'être promené dans Montmartre- 10 min à pied! ou le centre de paris- 15 min avec les lignes 12 et 4. Il est calme, serein, avec ascenseur Vous avez accès à tout l'appartement. Deux supermarchés sont situés au pied de l'immeuble et accès aux lignes 4 et 12 de métro. Encore plus de bus en métro ( 4 - 12 ), en bus ( (phone number hidden) ), en taxi, l'appartement est bien desservi
30643	This bright corner apartment of 65m² is located on the 3rd floor of a Haussmann building in a cosmopolitan neighborhood . This is a room accommodation for 1 or 2 people. There is a double bed and storage for clothes . Bed and bath linens are provided. Guests also have access to the lounge, the kitchen and the bathroom. The living room has a sofa, tables. The kitchen is separated . The bathroom has a tub and bidet. equipment :  refrigerator  freezer  4 gas burners  espresso machine  washing machine  iron  hair dryer  vacuum amenities  many restaurants , bars  Supermarket and grocery stores  tobacco and press offices  bakeries	"T3 65m² in hausmanien corner building. 10 min walk from the Sacred Heart. The apartment features 2 twin bedrooms, a kitchen, a bathroom and a lounge. This bright corner apartment of 65m² is located on the 3rd floor of a Haussmann building in a cosmopolitan neighborhood . This is a room accommodation for 1 or 2 people. There is a double bed and storage for clothes . Bed and bath linens are provided. Guests also have access to the lounge, the kitchen and the bathroom. The living room has a sofa, tables. The kitchen is separated . The bathroom has a tub and bidet. equipment :  refrigerator  freezer  4 gas burners  espresso machine  washing machine  iron  hair dryer  vacuum amenities  many restaurants , bars  Supermarket and grocery stores  tobacco and press offices  bakeries All flat. I will not be there during the stay but a friend care to welcome you and address potential little problems. I will not contactable phone if necessary. At the intersection of a neighborhood "" Bohemian Bourgeo"
30644	10 minutes from Montmartre, 3 minutes from Chateau Rouge metro station, 10 minutes from  Gare du Nord station, 15 minutes from downtown. The flat is a very nice Parisian-style flat, tastefully decorated, ideal to relax if you are visiting Paris, for 2.3 persons, or if you're in Paris for professional reasons. It is on the 3rd floor of a building overlooking a sunny courtyard. The flat has a large bedroom with a double bed 160x200, window overlooking the courtyard, bright, cream walls, white floor and ceiling , with cable TV and DVD player. Very quiet. A large living room with red walls, white floor and ceiling, with two sofas, a double sofa bed, a computer with internet connection, a wireless network, an old dark marble fireplace, a large antique mirror, and tomatoes growing at the window. The kitchen is spacious, very functional with a large worktop, cooker and gas oven, and a washing machine. A bathroom with shower and toilet fully functional and well maintained. At your disposal wil	10 minutes from Montmartre, 3 minutes from Chateau Rouge metro station, 10 minutes from  Gare du Nord station, 15 minutes from downtown. The flat is a very nice Parisian-style flat, tastefully decorated, ideal to relax if you are visiting Paris, for 2.3 persons, or if you're in Paris for professional reasons. It is on the 3rd floor of a building overlooking a sunny courtyard. The flat has a large bedroom with a double bed 160x200, window overlooking the courtyard, bright, cream walls, white floor and ceiling , with cable TV and DVD player. Very quiet. A large living room with red walls, white floor and ceiling, with two sofas, a double sofa bed, a computer with internet connection, a wireless network, an old dark marble fireplace, a large antique mirror, and tomatoes growing at the window. The kitchen is spacious, very functional with a large worktop, cooker and gas oven, and a washing machine. A bathroom with shower and toilet fully functional and well maintained. At your disposal wil
30645	L'appartement est un deux-pièces de 30m² particulièrement ensoleillé le matin.	C'est un deux-pièces de 30m² avec parquet et murs blancs, typiquement parisien. Le quartier se trouve entre Montmartre & Belleville, et est très agréable à vivre (commerces, bars, proximité du canal de l'Ourcq et de la Villette.) Bienvenue ! L'appartement est un deux-pièces de 30m² particulièrement ensoleillé le matin. Wifi, douche, toilettes, machine à laver, espaces de rangement, linge de maison, four combiné micro-onde, plaques à gaz, bouilloire, cafetière, bureau, canapé, livres... :) Je serai théoriquement absente durant votre séjour, mais espère que l'on pourra prendre un verre ou un café au moment de votre arrivée ou de votre départ ! Ce quartier est très vivant, à la fois populaire, jeune, et familial. La circulation dans la rue est calme, les bars sont ouverts jusqu'à 2 heures du matin et sont animés (mais on n'entend pas leur bruit depuis chez moi). Vous pourrez profiter des terrasses ultra ensoleillées des bars branchés installés dans la Halle Pajol, récemment réaménagée. Vo
30646	We have 3 balconies, a big salon where you can sleep and stay, a little but comfortable kitchen and a big shower. Nous avons 3 balcons, un grand salon où vous dormirez, une petite mais pratique cuisine et une grande douche	Vous pouvez dormir juste à côté de la basilique du sacrecoeur. Dans le salon vous trouverez un grand canapé lit, télé et tout ce dont vous aurez besoin pour de bonnes vacances You can sleep near the Sacre Coeur church. You will stay in the main room We have 3 balconies, a big salon where you can sleep and stay, a little but comfortable kitchen and a big shower. Nous avons 3 balcons, un grand salon où vous dormirez, une petite mais pratique cuisine et une grande douche You will sleep in the main room, with our two cats. They can't sleep in our room. It's important not to forget balconies open, and you can help us with cats and with plants. Vous dormirez dans le salon, avec nos deux chats. Ils ne peuvent pas dormir avec nous dans notre chambre. C'est important de ne pas oublier les balcons ouverts, et vous pouvez nous aider avec les chats et avec les plantes We will sleep in our room all along your holiday, but we are workers and students so you will be alone for most of the time Nous se
30647	Très bel appartement de 100m² sans vis a vis, meublé avec goût.  Deux chambres pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes Appartement typiquement parisien, parquet, moulures et cheminée il se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, orientation sud d'un bel immeuble Hausmanien Il comprend.  Une salle a manger salon de 45 metres carres Deux chambres à coucher avec lit double donnant sur cour (au calme) plus un lit d'appoint et un lit Bébé Une cuisine equipee: frigo lave vaisselle micro seche linge lave, machine à café. Une salle de bain et toilettes séparées (1 lit bébé sur demande) Accés á Internet Wifi, TV cable.  Je mets à disposition draps et serviettes de bain A 100m seulement du Sacré Coeur, à Montmartre. Petit supermarché ouvert jusqu'à 21h, tous les commerces de proximité, boulangerie, boucherie, restaurants. Transport en commun: Bus à 20 metres et Métro Château Rouge à 30 mètres. Métro ligne 4 qui dessert les gares du Nord, de l'Est et de Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-près, Saint-Mich	Très bel appartement de 100m² sans vis a vis, meublé avec goût.  Deux chambres pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes Appartement typiquement parisien, parquet, moulures et cheminée il se situe au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, orientation sud d'un bel immeuble Hausmanien Il comprend.  Une salle a manger salon de 45 metres carres Deux chambres à coucher avec lit double donnant sur cour (au calme) Une cuisine equipee: frigo lave vaisselle micro seche linge lave, machine à café. Une salle de bain et toilettes séparées (1 lit bébé sur demande) Accés á Internet Wifi, TV cable.  Je mets à disposition draps et serviettes de bain A 100m seulement du Sacré Coeur, à Montmartre. Petit supermarché ouvert jusqu'à 21h, tous les commerces de proximité, boulangerie, boucherie, restaurants. Transport en commun: Bus à 20 metres et Métro Château Rouge à 30 mètres. Métro ligne 4 qui dessert les gares du Nord, de l'Est et de Montparnasse, Saint-Germain-des-près, Saint-Michel, Chatelet les Halles.   Accès faci
30648	Ce petit havre de paix typiquement Parisien pour un week-end romantique, un séjour touristique ou bien un voyage d’affaire est composé : -D’une cuisine américaine moderne et entièrement équipée d’un micro-onde, d’un frigo congélateur, d’une plaque vitrocéramique, d’une machine à café Nespresso, d’une bouilloire, ainsi qu’une batterie de cuisine et de toute la vaisselle (verres à vin et champagne). -La pièce de vie est équipée d’un vrai lit armoire (140/190) et d’un dressing, d’un écran tv Led 120 cm, nombreuses chaines en HD, USB, internet très haut débit fibre wifi, enceinte Bluetooth. -Une salle de bain design et fonctionnelle avec aménités ( gel douche, shampoing, crème corporelle, sèche cheveux et diverses petites attentions) Le linge de maison ainsi que les serviettes de toilette sont fournis. Nous avons pensé à nos visiteurs en mettant à votre disposition divers petits équipements de confort tels qu’une planche et un fer à repasser, un parapluie, des adaptateurs électriques inter	Studio chic et moderne dans résidence de standing au cœur de Montmartre. Au deuxième et dernier étage sur cour arborée et fleurie, ce studio rénové, décoré et insonorisé, vous permettra de trouver tout le confort et le calme propice à votre séjour Ce petit havre de paix typiquement Parisien pour un week-end romantique, un séjour touristique ou bien un voyage d’affaire est composé : -D’une cuisine américaine moderne et entièrement équipée d’un micro-onde, d’un frigo congélateur, d’une plaque vitrocéramique, d’une machine à café Nespresso, d’une bouilloire, ainsi qu’une batterie de cuisine et de toute la vaisselle (verres à vin et champagne). -La pièce de vie est équipée d’un vrai lit armoire (140/190) et d’un dressing, d’un écran tv Led 120 cm, nombreuses chaines en HD, USB, internet très haut débit fibre wifi, enceinte Bluetooth. -Une salle de bain design et fonctionnelle avec aménités ( gel douche, shampoing, crème corporelle, sèche cheveux et diverses petites attentions) Le linge de 
30649	25sqm studio located 225 meters from the station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12 of the metro) close to Montmartre (Place du Tertre at 750 meters, Basilica of the Sacred Heart at 950 meters, 1 km from Moulin Rouge). The area is very nice and not afraid (the bourgeois Montmartre), you will find all the nearby shops (including a supermarket at the bottom of the residence) and there are plenty of good restaurants at reasonable prices. The studio is located on the 6th floor (but there are two lifts) of a residence dating from 1975 very quiet thanks to its location (you can leave the window open there is no noise). It has a garden and a heated swimming pool (12m x 6m) with open sun from 10 am to 7.45 pm from 1st of june untill 30th of september.  The studio is fully equipped and comfortable.  I am available for any questions.	25m ² studio located at the station Lamarck-Caulaincourt.  Nice neighborhood, shops and good reasonably priced restaurants nearby.  12m heated pool and solarium open from 10:00 a.m. to 7:45 p.m..  The studio is fully equipped and comfortable. 25sqm studio located 225 meters from the station Lamarck-Caulaincourt (line 12 of the metro) close to Montmartre (Place du Tertre at 750 meters, Basilica of the Sacred Heart at 950 meters, 1 km from Moulin Rouge). The area is very nice and not afraid (the bourgeois Montmartre), you will find all the nearby shops (including a supermarket at the bottom of the residence) and there are plenty of good restaurants at reasonable prices. The studio is located on the 6th floor (but there are two lifts) of a residence dating from 1975 very quiet thanks to its location (you can leave the window open there is no noise). It has a garden and a heated swimming pool (12m x 6m) with open sun from 10 am to 7.45 pm from 1st of june untill 30th of september.  The stu
30650	"This studio includes a living space (with a double bed, a sofa and a kitchen), an entrance (with large closet), and a separate bathroom. On the third floor with a lift, it is bright and overlooks a large courtyard. You find calm in this ensemble of buildings called the ""Village Saint Pierre"". It is ideal for people seeking a quiet haven to return to after a busy day outside."	"At the foot of the Sacre Coeur, this newly renovated studio offers the traveller the perfect base for exploring Paris. Comfortable for two, the studio is luminous and faces a large quiet courtyard. You'll find everything you need close by. This studio includes a living space (with a double bed, a sofa and a kitchen), an entrance (with large closet), and a separate bathroom. On the third floor with a lift, it is bright and overlooks a large courtyard. You find calm in this ensemble of buildings called the ""Village Saint Pierre"". It is ideal for people seeking a quiet haven to return to after a busy day outside. Furnished kitchen with basic food staples and a table with two chairs. Bathroom with a toilet, shower, sink and towel heater. A double bed and a living space with sofa. Wifi. Feel free to ask any questions about the studio and its surroundings, including restaurant recommendations, the good bakeries and covered markets, or public transport to get to tourist locations.  Only a sho"
30651	"Apartment 430 square feet (40 m2), 12 min walking from Montmartre, 15 min from the Canal de la Villette/St Martin.  2nd floor, quiet, courtyard side. Typically parisian flat of the XIXth century, with wooden floor. 1 large bedroom 2-sleeping bed (140x190), 1 living room with a 2-sleeping sofa, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom All recently refurbished Subway: Max Dormoy (ligne 12) Market Pajol for grocery, fish, cheese,  open every day.  Café ""the populettes"" owned by girls, nice and affordable cooking at lunchtime. 4 bakeries. En Vrac, good place to buy wine from producers. I will advise you. Genuine parisian life. Le 104, new place to go, concert, exhibitions, 10 minutes away from my place. Exhibition Keith Haring sculptures starting April 18th till summer. Easy to drive in and out (Porte de La Chapelle), to reach North of france ex :Lille, Brussels. to be connected with the belt that circles around Paris.4km away from the Stade de France, place for big events, concerts, football and rugby."	"Apartment 430 square feet (40 m2), 12 min walking from Montmartre, 15 min from the Canal de la Villette/St Martin.  2nd floor, quiet, courtyard side. Typically parisian flat of the XIXth century, with wooden floor. 1 large bedroom 2-sleeping bed (140x190), 1 living room with a 2-sleeping sofa, 1 kitchen, 1 bathroom All recently refurbished Subway: Max Dormoy (ligne 12) Market Pajol for grocery, fish, cheese,  open every day.  Café ""the populettes"" owned by girls, nice and affordable cooking at lunchtime. 4 bakeries. En Vrac, good place to buy wine from producers. I will advise you. Genuine parisian life. Le 104, new place to go, concert, exhibitions, 10 minutes away from my place. Exhibition Keith Haring sculptures starting April 18th till summer. Easy to drive in and out (Porte de La Chapelle), to reach North of france ex :Lille, Brussels. to be connected with the belt that circles around Paris.4km away from the Stade de France, place for big events, concerts, football and rugby."
30652	Apartment 30m2 with 2 BR: 1 room wîth queen size bed  1 living room wîth sofa double bed 1 Real kitchen,  1 bathroom with small italian shower & toilet.	Ideal private & Peaceful 2BR Apt garden level in Montmartre for 2/3 person or a Family. Perfect situation next to Metro 12 Jules Joffrin direct to the center, Bus, Taxi & Velib station inside a lively & great area in Montmartre below Sacré Coeur. Apartment 30m2 with 2 BR: 1 room wîth queen size bed  1 living room wîth sofa double bed 1 Real kitchen,  1 bathroom with small italian shower & toilet. All the appartement Full Kitchen Wifi Hight speed Hd TV Imac connected We live in the area & we are ready to help the guests in their sejourn in the apartment. Direct environment (less than 50 meters) Transports, Restaurant, Bar, coffee, Bakery, Laundry, Fast-food, Supermarket in a very parisian area like a village atmosphere. Metro 12 Jules Joffrin = 100 m Metro 4 Marcadet = 100 m Bus stop 80,85,31,Montmartrobus = 50m Taxi, Velib & Autolib station = 50m
30653	50m2, a balcony, a big bedroom... welcome in our home! As we live here, we'll let you all the equipment that'll make you feel at home. Just enjoy Paris and Montmartre, you have a nice and cosy place to stay.	2 rooms, bright and spacious with a balcony. In the district of the 18th arrondissement town hall, you're a few minutes walk from Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur. Near metro and buses lines to discover the other districts of Paris. 5th floor, no lift. 50m2, a balcony, a big bedroom... welcome in our home! As we live here, we'll let you all the equipment that'll make you feel at home. Just enjoy Paris and Montmartre, you have a nice and cosy place to stay. Towels, Shower gel and shampoo. Hair dryer and iron. Wifi, TV (300+ channels, mostly french, some internationals), computer. Kitchen with a fridge, an oven and heaters, Nespresso coffee, various teas. Some touristic informations. During your stay, we'll move in the neighborhood. So if you have any question, feel free to ask, we won't be far away. The flat is a 10mn walk from Montmartre, experience the real parisian way of life. On your way to the Sacré-Coeur, you'll discover many cafés and restaurants. Just behind the block is a market
30654		Bienvenue dans ce charmant appt situé un des derniers quartier populaire de Paris: La Chapelle. Welcome in this very nice and cosy flat located in one of the last popular area in Paris. 66m² Situation : Montmatre, Pigalle, Marché de L'Olive,Pajol
30655	L'appartement comprends 2 chambres avec des lits doubles, une salle de bain, un salon avec canapé lit pour 2 personnes, une cuisine équipée. 	            Appartement de 3 pièces dont 2 chambres. Capacité jusqu'à 6 personnes. Cuisine équipée, salon avec canapé lit. 50m2 à votre disposition. A 20mn du Stade de France en bus.          L'appartement comprends 2 chambres avec des lits doubles, une salle de bain, un salon avec canapé lit pour 2 personnes, une cuisine équipée. Accès très facile en métro, ligne 12, Porte de la Chapelle, en Tram N°3, en bus n°65. Accès aéroport CDG en 20 mn par Taxi L'appartement se situe Porte de la Chapelle, au nord dans Paris. Même si sa situation n'est pas centrale, tous les transports autour permettent de rayonner dans toute la capitale, le Stade de France, la Gare du Nord et Roissy CDG. Il y a peu de commerces à proximité mais un supermarché et une boulangerie. A 10mn à pied, se trouve le marché de l'Olive très agréable lieu pour acheter des aliments frais et de très bonne qualité. Tous les transports sont extrêmement proches : Tran, Métro, bus. A 20mn de la Gare du Nord et du Stade de France e
30656	Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Underground at 200m (Guy Moquet, Line 13), Bus 31 (Champs-Elysées) and Bus 95 (Louvre) nearby. Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station, Saint Lazare Railway and Montparnasse Railway station. Detailed description: - Hall with small cupboard for your coats an others,  - Small shower room with shower and toilet,  - Independent and equipped kitchenette (oven, plates, refrigerator, cooker hood, kettle, etc...)  - Main room with sofa bed and chest of drawers, view on the roofs of Paris. - Internet access and TV - No elevator. Ideal and charming place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple: Montmartre nearby (15 mn by foot) but also direct access by buses for Champs-Elysées and Louvre. Nearby: Montmartre, Place of the Abbesses, Place Clichy, le Sacré-Coeur, the Fleas of St-	Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Under the roofs of Paris at the 6th floor of a nice typical Parisian building, at 10/15 mn by foot from Abesses/Montmartre, a charming furnished studio, renovated and equipped.  Underground at 200m (Guy Moquet, Line 13), Bus 31 (Champs-Elysées) and Bus 95 (Louvre) nearby. Direct access from Gare de l'Est Railway station, Gare du Nord Railway station, Saint Lazare Railway and Montparnasse Railway station. Detailed description: - Hall with small cupboard for your coats an others,  - Small shower room with shower and toilet,  - Independent and equipped kitchenette (oven, plates, refrigerator, cooker hood, kettle, etc...)  - Main room with sofa bed and chest of drawers, view on the roofs of Paris. - Internet access and TV - No elevator. Ideal and charming place to discover Paris as a single or as a couple: Montmart
30657	Une maison exceptionnelle dans Paris, avec un jardin, le calme et le confort. Un lieu unique.	Hôtel particulier contemporain, luxueux et parfaitement équipé avec jardin et terrasse. Dans une rue calme, à quelques minutes à pied du quartier vivant du bas-Montmartre et du Sacré-Cœur. Demeure idéale pour un séjour de 7 personnes. Une maison exceptionnelle dans Paris, avec un jardin, le calme et le confort. Un lieu unique. A tous les équipements. le quartier animé de Montmartre, la butte, la rue Caulaincourt et ses petits cafés charmants. métro Jules Joffrin. Bus 85.
30658	Our 55sqm apartment is perfectly Parisian with its nice wooden floor, its ceiling moldings and its old fireplace.  The living room is decorated with our travel souvenirs, the bedroom offers you a comfortable mattress to have a rest and the fully equipped kitchen will allow you to cooked the food found in the exotic markets around. 	Our flat is located in an unique and popular place between traditional parisian districts such as Montmartre and multicultural and younger areas with a lot of trendy bars. Our 55sqm apartment is perfectly Parisian with its nice wooden floor, its ceiling moldings and its old fireplace.  The living room is decorated with our travel souvenirs, the bedroom offers you a comfortable mattress to have a rest and the fully equipped kitchen will allow you to cooked the food found in the exotic markets around. The full apartment is yours! I am at your disposal for any questions before you arrive. During your stay, I'm always available by phone, SMS or email for any questions you might have or if you want any advice about exploring the city. The surrounding area is equally colourful - a multi-ethnic mix centred around the bustling African/fish/veg/meat market Marché Dejean. Famous sights such as Montmartre, the Sacre Coeur and the Moulin Rouge are all within easy walking distance. For those flea m
30659		my studio is little but really nice, near Montmartre, and one minute from the subway (Line 4 and 2, less than 10 minutes to go to Chatelet.) Lovely view up to the sky, really calm and nice place to stay.  7 floor, elevator to go to the 5 then steps
30660	In a beautiful parisian 1906' building, just to the foot of the butte Montmartre, cute flat very clear. 10 minutes from Abbesses, but less touristic, it is a typical parisian area. Sunny with a balcony, lovely view on the roof, parisian style: parquet, molding on wall and ceiling, fireplace. Decorated in a romantic's style mixing several modern furnitures and antiques with new wall paintings. Nice living room and open plan kitchen to enjoy coffee and croissant, area desk, and sofa area. If you want to cook a few meals at home in the kitchen, there are several supermarkets and shops around to provide you your groceries. bedroom with a king size bed bathroom with a bath  wc separated internet wifi good shops for food and a lot of restaurants & bars all around. The neighbourhood is full of real parisian life with a strong concentration of typical French food shops, restaurants and cafés.  Most of parisian people living in this neighbourhood have their strong habits 10-15 minutes walking t	In a beautiful parisian 1906' building, just to the foot of the butte Montmartre, cute flat very clear. Sunny with a balcony, lovely view on the roof, parisian style: parquet, molding on wall and ceiling, fireplace. Decorated in a romantic's style. In a beautiful parisian 1906' building, just to the foot of the butte Montmartre, cute flat very clear. 10 minutes from Abbesses, but less touristic, it is a typical parisian area. Sunny with a balcony, lovely view on the roof, parisian style: parquet, molding on wall and ceiling, fireplace. Decorated in a romantic's style mixing several modern furnitures and antiques with new wall paintings. Nice living room and open plan kitchen to enjoy coffee and croissant, area desk, and sofa area. If you want to cook a few meals at home in the kitchen, there are several supermarkets and shops around to provide you your groceries. bedroom with a king size bed bathroom with a bath  wc separated internet wifi good shops for food and a lot of restaurants &
30661	Very Comfy, quiet and sunny apartment at the doorsteps of Montmartre Sacré-coeur. Cosy bedroom with double bed, sunny living room, and a fully equipped bathroom and kitchen. Many shops and restaurants around. Everything  to spend a lovely holidays !	Very Comfy, quiet and sunny apartment at the doorsteps of Montmartre Sacré-coeur. Cosy bedroom with double bed, sunny living room, and a fully equipped bathroom and kitchen. Many shops and restaurants around. Everything  to spend a lovely holidays !
30662	Il est très calme au milieu de la folie parisienne. Le métro est juste à côté et mène très rapidement aux quatre coins de la ville.	"At the foot of ""Montmartre"" this two-pieces appartment is in a quiet and blooming second yard.  Close to everythings... It can host a couple with 1-2 kids or 3 adults."
30663	"This charming little studio, located near to the famous Moulin Rouge is perfect for romantic holidays in the capital. It 's composed of a living room wih a double sofa bed, an fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. This welcoming studio will seduce you by its layout and uncluttered decoration. Let's be bewitched by the colours and ambiance of the ""Old Paris"", only 10 minutes away form the Sacred Heart!"	"Studio next to the Moulin Rouge This charming little studio, located near to the famous Moulin Rouge is perfect for romantic holidays in the capital. It 's composed of a living room wih a double sofa bed, an fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom. This welcoming studio will seduce you by its layout and uncluttered decoration. Let's be bewitched by the colours and ambiance of the ""Old Paris"", only 10 minutes away form the Sacred Heart! Our team is available during your stay to answer questions and to intervene if necessary. Montmartre is the most visited place in Paris and even France. It was originally a small village overlooking the capital, it was soon annexed by the metropolis while retaining its special character.Montmartre was part of its originality to the many mills that were used to grind grain for the inhabitants of Paris. Subsequently, thanks to its charm, its cabarets and mysterious places, Montmartre became the inevitable place of all the great painters, writers and artists "
30664	This one-room(27 m2) welcoming flat, typical of the districts of La Chapelle, can comfortably accommodate two persons.  Enjoy fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, living room with hi-fi. Direct connection to main train stations and airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle).  It's on the 27th floor ,with a basement garage. It is located in a quiet and peaceful street, a true heaven after a long day of sight-seeing !It is really easy to get to us from Orly or CDG airports. The station Marx Dormoy (line 12) is nearby and take you just about anywhere in Paris in no time. Easy connection to main train stations (Grade du Nord, Gare de l’Est, Gare St Lazare, Gare Montparnasse).  The appartment is within walking distance from Montmartre and the main sites - Opéra, Bastille, Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame - are just a few metro stops away ! The kitchen is fully equipped with :  - Microwave / combination oven  - Fridge  - Vitro-ceramic hob (2 spots)  - Washing machine  - Plates, pans and kitchenwa	This studio (27 m2), welcoming flat, typical of the districts of La Chapelle, can comfortably accommodate two persons.  enjoy  Direct connection to main transports. This one-room(27 m2) welcoming flat, typical of the districts of La Chapelle, can comfortably accommodate two persons.  Enjoy fully equipped kitchen and bathroom, living room with hi-fi. Direct connection to main train stations and airports (Orly, Charles de Gaulle).  It's on the 27th floor ,with a basement garage. It is located in a quiet and peaceful street, a true heaven after a long day of sight-seeing !It is really easy to get to us from Orly or CDG airports. The station Marx Dormoy (line 12) is nearby and take you just about anywhere in Paris in no time. Easy connection to main train stations (Grade du Nord, Gare de l’Est, Gare St Lazare, Gare Montparnasse).  The appartment is within walking distance from Montmartre and the main sites - Opéra, Bastille, Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame - are just a few metro stops 
30665	The computer presented on photos will not be supplied in the housing but do not hesitate to take your own equipment there is an internet connectivity. Studio 15 m ² situated in 23 rue etex in 10 minutes on foot of montmartre furnished and equipped with shower, TOILETS were separated in the 6th floor with elevator. Clear and quiet on court. The conditions are 260 euros a week. Lively area but sector of quiet house. Numerous restaurants and convenience stores. Situated near numerous public transportation. Available from August 6th till August 31st. Subway Guy moquet	Quiet and sunny studio arranging many equipments and arrangements in a building of typically Parisian art deco style with elevator near Montmartre. There is numerous shop nearby and transport (subway, bus) The computer presented on photos will not be supplied in the housing but do not hesitate to take your own equipment there is an internet connectivity. Studio 15 m ² situated in 23 rue etex in 10 minutes on foot of montmartre furnished and equipped with shower, TOILETS were separated in the 6th floor with elevator. Clear and quiet on court. The conditions are 260 euros a week. Lively area but sector of quiet house. Numerous restaurants and convenience stores. Situated near numerous public transportation. Available from August 6th till August 31st. Subway Guy moquet
30666		Spend 1 night or more in this sunny and cosy flat and enjoy your stay in Paris L'appartement est situé à 3 min à pied de la ligne de métro 12, station Marx Dormoy. En bas de l'immeuble passent les bus 35 et 60.
30667	 2 pieces lumineux et calme de 30 m2, tout equipe, ideal pour faire une pause apres avoir profite de Paris. Tout equipe. 4e sans asc.	In the heart of the cosmopolitan and popular area of La Goutte d'Or, 10 mn from Montmartre, a 2 rooms small apartment on the 4th floor, with open view to the sky. 4th floor. No lift La Goutte d'Or is a multicultural colourful and lively district. I've been living here for 3 years and enjoyed this exotic atmosphere, which totally changes when you cross Boulevard Barbes. You can chose according to your mood. Montmartre is 10 mn walking.  The streets around are very lively, perfect if you want to be off the tourist tracks.  Lots of exotic groceries, nice bars and a Carrefour Market open till 10 pm.  2 markets : marche Dejean at Chateau rouge and Marche de l'Olive at Marx Dormoy Cinemas : Le louxor (metro Barbes), MK2 (metro Quai de Seine/Loire) - Chateau rouge, 300 m, ligne 4 (direct to Gare Montparnasse) - Marcadet Poissonniers, 300 m, ligne 4 + 12 (convenient for dessert to le Louvre and Orsay museums, Place de la Concorde and garden les Tuileries -15 mn)  - Barbes Rochechouart 10 mn : 
30668	Small studio recently remodeled by architect with bathroom and kitchen, small working area and very luminous.  It is very well comunicated, with a direct access to and from Gare du Nord, (connected to RER B coming straight from the airport CDG). It might accomodate up to 3 people, but I would recomend it for just 2. 	Beautiful & luminous little studio recently remodeled in very central location with direct airport access (gare du nord) RER B,D and metro lines 4,7,5,2 in a very quiet street and minutes away from Sacré Coeur. Equiped kitchen and wifi access. Small studio recently remodeled by architect with bathroom and kitchen, small working area and very luminous.  It is very well comunicated, with a direct access to and from Gare du Nord, (connected to RER B coming straight from the airport CDG). It might accomodate up to 3 people, but I would recomend it for just 2. Guests, have acces to pretty much everything at the appartment, kitchen accesories, internet. There is a small interior garden on the building that might be used for keeping a rented bike or just for smoking without leaving the premises. As much as the guests need me to. It is at walking distance of Montmartre's neighborhood, and it has many hidden trasures. The Islamic art museum at very close distance. It also has a great sauna, ham
30669	Apartment in the heart of a charming neighborhood, close to all shops, Lamarck Caulaincourt metro (line 12) and at the foot of the steps that will lead you to the Sacré Coeur!	Charming little two rooms (one bedroom): 45m2 rue Caulaincourt in the heart of Montmartre. Near all small bars, restaurants and shops. Renovated two years ago, functional    (dishwasher, oven, cable TV Canal +) Apartment in the heart of a charming neighborhood, close to all shops, Lamarck Caulaincourt metro (line 12) and at the foot of the steps that will lead you to the Sacré Coeur! You can have access to our car park if needed. By phone or email. We are in Paris and will welcome you at your arrival. True small village in the heart of Paris. Pretty paved streets dotted with stairs leading to charming little places. Absolutely lovely neighborhood. Bus ligne 80 going to Champs Elysees, 8th and 16th arrondissements. Metro ligne 12 going to Gare St Lazare, Gare Montparnasse, Pigalle, Place de La Concorde, La Madeleine, 8th, 9th, 1th, 7th and 15th arrondissements. A cleaner will come every tuesday do laundry, ironing and cleaning...
30670	1 slaapkamer met een 2 persoonsbed, een 1 persoonsbed erboven en een kinderbed. Een woonkamer met een geweldige slaapbank. Deze kamer tover je in een mum van tijd om in een slaapkamer. Dan is er nog een leefkeuken waar je heerlijk kunt zitten terwijl de anderen naar bed kunnen gaan. De badkamer heeft een douche, een ruime wastafel en een toilet.	nice bright apartment overlooking a square incl. garage and bicycles. Within walking distance of the Sacre Couer. Metro around the corner and the bus stops near the square. The street next is a area with many terraces and a beautifull frence market teh whole apartment you can Always call me
30671	Big flat of 48sqm in Marcadet-Poissonniers, between Montmartre and its Sacré Coeur and the cosmopolitan neighborhood of Marcadet-Poissonniers.  Flat entirely renovated during summer 2014 and fully equipped with - one big kitchen with hot plates, oven, a big fridge and a big table to have your meals - one bathroom with a big shower, a sink, a  washing machine and toilet - one big living room with a double sofa bed, a small couch, a low table, chairs - a big bedroom with a big double bed  Flat very clean, very calm (double glazing), 3rd and last floor in a quiet building protected with a pass. Very convenient, 30 secs from the subway Marcadet-Poissonniers (line 12 & 4), 5 min with subway line 4 from Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, Rer B from and to Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle airports), Vélib stations, close from a paid parking. Located in the very lively and cosmopolitan neigboorhood of Marcadet-Poissonniers! Big market very close, supermarket in front of the flat (30 secs).  Very	Beautiful flat of 48sqm close to Montmartre, completely renovated in summer 2014, big bedroom, beautiful living room with a soafa bed, kitchen with a table, we are a couple living there, great for 2 or 4 people. Welcome! Big flat of 48sqm in Marcadet-Poissonniers, between Montmartre and its Sacré Coeur and the cosmopolitan neighborhood of Marcadet-Poissonniers.  Flat entirely renovated during summer 2014 and fully equipped with - one big kitchen with hot plates, oven, a big fridge and a big table to have your meals - one bathroom with a big shower, a sink, a  washing machine and toilet - one big living room with a double sofa bed, a small couch, a low table, chairs - a big bedroom with a big double bed  Flat very clean, very calm (double glazing), 3rd and last floor in a quiet building protected with a pass. Very convenient, 30 secs from the subway Marcadet-Poissonniers (line 12 & 4), 5 min with subway line 4 from Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys, Rer B from and to Orly and Roissy Charle
30672	tres bien entretenu, lit plus convertible, douche et baignoire, fleurs.	spacieux 2 pieces 2nd et dernier etage sur cour d'une petite copropriete, au calme. 5 min à pied montmartre, gare du nord, metro 2,4,12. lit neuf, equipements comme à la maison. atmosphere zen et agreable. fleuri et assaini aux huiles essentielles tres bien entretenu, lit plus convertible, douche et baignoire, fleurs. accès à tout disponible pour conseiller et aider.
30673	This quiet one-bedroom apartment, with a view on an inner courtyard has just been renovated. It is cosily furnished with all amenities you can expect to spend an enjoyable stay. The living room is bright, spacious and equipped with a brand new wooden floor. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped and smartly built. The bar gives the possibility to sip a nice cocktail or enjoy a nice meal cooked with raw products bought in the many groceries in the neighborhood.	"Totally renovated / modern lovely 33m2 appartment to make your stay enjoyable! In the heart of the trendy Paris 18ème, it' s perfect to move around romantic Montmartre, animated Pigalle and experience the true ""Rive Droite"" Parisian way of life. This quiet one-bedroom apartment, with a view on an inner courtyard has just been renovated. It is cosily furnished with all amenities you can expect to spend an enjoyable stay. The living room is bright, spacious and equipped with a brand new wooden floor. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped and smartly built. The bar gives the possibility to sip a nice cocktail or enjoy a nice meal cooked with raw products bought in the many groceries in the neighborhood. Access to shopping : - Rue des Abbesses street - 10 min walk - Galeries Lafayette through Subway - 15 min subway and 5 min walk  (direct subway from Jules Joffrin to Trinité d'Estienne d'Orves L12, then 5min)  Access to restaurants : - all around the neighbourhood Access to cool nig"
30674		Appartement de 2 pièces au bas de la butte Montmartre. Proche de la mairie du XVIIIème arrondissement.
30675	At sixth and top floor, you'll be able to admire a stunning view of Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), Paris rooftops and sunshine. Double-glazed windows allow you to filter the bustle of the city.  The apartment has a dishwasher, a washing machine, oven, microwave, a fan (ventilator) and hairdryer. The building is populated by calm and nice people. There is no elevator but it is worth the ascent!	Bright and sunny apartment at 5 minutes walk from Montmartre, 45m2 Beautiful views over rooftops and Sacré Coeur. 1 bedroom with double bed, 1 sofa bed in living room. 1 wide kitchen-dining room. Located in lively and colourful area (Chateau Rouge) At sixth and top floor, you'll be able to admire a stunning view of Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), Paris rooftops and sunshine. Double-glazed windows allow you to filter the bustle of the city.  The apartment has a dishwasher, a washing machine, oven, microwave, a fan (ventilator) and hairdryer. The building is populated by calm and nice people. There is no elevator but it is worth the ascent! Bedroom with double bed, living room with sofa-bed (can fit for one adult or two children), kitchen-dining room, bathroom with daylight (shower) The neighborhood has a lively and colorful ambiance, populated mostly by African people. You can find all exotic products and typical African food. Also supermarkets, bakeries, bars, pharmacies.. Then if you walk 5
30676	The apartment is a one bedroom and one living room apartment. The living room overlooks a park and the parisian rooftops, and is very quiet. It's very luminous and cosy, we tried keeping an authentic and traditional feel in the place.	At the foot of the Montmartre hill, a typical one bedroom apartment on the top floor - there's an elevator - with a view overlooking the Parisian rooftops and a park. Fully equipped and in a original Montmartrian building (red facade). Lively, young and very safe neighborhood. The apartment is a one bedroom and one living room apartment. The living room overlooks a park and the parisian rooftops, and is very quiet. It's very luminous and cosy, we tried keeping an authentic and traditional feel in the place. Two very lively and trendy bars, right by the apartment, one has jazz gigs on sundays, people sit at the terraces in the summer time and it's like a village. Métro station Lamarck is 2 minutes away.
30677	Typical Parisian apartment with its beautiful oak flooring and two fireplaces. The street is lively, busy, but safe because you find two digicodes at the entrance of the building. There are also many shops, grocery exotic Africa and Asia. As for the subway, you're spoiled for choice! Line 4 runs right down it takes you directly to the train stations Montparnasse, North and East. Line 12 is close, it is convenient for dessert the Louvre (15min) and Orsay (15min) museums, the Place de la Concorde, the Tuileries, Les Galeries Lafayette (10min). Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur are within walking distance of my home. The room contains a very comfortable double bed . Here is the equipment of the apartment: -Coffee -Dishwasher Washing Machine Television -Dvd player Refrigerator-freezer -Cable and wifi Citrus-Presse Power-Plate -Sheets and towels included  -Art library -hifi system -Cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including BBC World News and CNN),  -Telephone line	Typical Parisian apartment with its beautiful oak flooring and two fireplaces. The street is lively, busy, but safe because you find two digicodes at the entrance of the building. There are also many shops, grocery exotic Africa and Asia. As for the subway, you're spoiled for choice! Line 4 runs right down it takes you directly to the train stations Montparnasse, North and East. Line 12 is close, it is convenient for dessert the Louvre (15min) and Orsay (15min) museums, the Place de la Concorde, the Tuileries, Les Galeries Lafayette (10min). Montmartre and the Sacré-Coeur are within walking distance of my home. The room contains a very comfortable double bed . Here is the equipment of the apartment: -Coffee -Dishwasher Washing Machine Television -Dvd player Refrigerator-freezer -Cable and wifi Citrus-Presse Power-Plate -Sheets and towels included  -Art library -hifi system -Cable television (over 200 French and international channels, including BBC World News and CNN),  -Telephone line
30678	**Update: 27 August 2015** I’m always looking for ways to improve this listing, so I’ve decided to include (free) concierge services for my guests. This includes (though not limited to): restaurant reservations, spa & manicure bookings, taxi pickup & drop-offs… anything else? Just ask! :-) Hello Airbnbers! I've just activated Instant Book, so you no longer need to wait for the pre-approval process. However, please read through *all* of the details below to make sure that my flat meets your needs. When in doubt, don't hesitate to message me - I'm usually pretty quick about responding!  Early check-in & late check-out: A later check-in (any time after 1pm), or an early check-out (any time before 12pm) is always possible! You just need to provide the times, and we will arrange for you to get the keys. For an early check-in, or a late check-out: this needs to be requested and confirmed in writing using the Airbnb messaging system (for tracking purposes). I will always accommodate when poss	Cozy two room apartment, 10-minute walk from Sacre-Coeur & Montmartre! Very close to Gare du Nord (Eurostar station) & direct access to CDG & ORY Airports. Drinks & snacks are provided for free, and I try my best to make you feel at home :-) **Update: 27 August 2015** I’m always looking for ways to improve this listing, so I’ve decided to include (free) concierge services for my guests. This includes (though not limited to): restaurant reservations, spa & manicure bookings, taxi pickup & drop-offs… anything else? Just ask! :-) Hello Airbnbers! I've just activated Instant Book, so you no longer need to wait for the pre-approval process. However, please read through *all* of the details below to make sure that my flat meets your needs. When in doubt, don't hesitate to message me - I'm usually pretty quick about responding!  Early check-in & late check-out: A later check-in (any time after 1pm), or an early check-out (any time before 12pm) is always possible! You just need to provide the 
30679	Appartement de 2 pièce complètement aménagé. Salle de bain avec douche à l'Italienne, vasque en marbre, toilettes et lave linge (serviette de toilette fourni). Chambre avec canapé lit 2 personnes avec rangement. Cuisine complètement aménagée (four, évier, plaque induction et le nécessaire de cuisine) ouverte sur le salon. 2 room apartment completely finished. Bathroom with Italian shower, marble basin, toilet and washing machine (towels provided). Room with sofa bed 2 persons with storage. Fully equipped kitchen (oven, sink, induction hob and necessary kitchen) open on the living.	Appartement 2 pièce idéale pour un séjour romantique à Paris dans un quartier animé au pied de Montmartre. Appartement chaleureux aménagé pour 2. Appartement de 2 pièce complètement aménagé. Salle de bain avec douche à l'Italienne, vasque en marbre, toilettes et lave linge (serviette de toilette fourni). Chambre avec canapé lit 2 personnes avec rangement. Cuisine complètement aménagée (four, évier, plaque induction et le nécessaire de cuisine) ouverte sur le salon. 2 room apartment completely finished. Bathroom with Italian shower, marble basin, toilet and washing machine (towels provided). Room with sofa bed 2 persons with storage. Fully equipped kitchen (oven, sink, induction hob and necessary kitchen) open on the living. Métro Ligne 12 (Marx Dormoy), Ligne 2 (La Chapelle) et Ligne 4 (Marcadet Poissonnier). Bus n°35, 60, 65 et 350 A pied 15 minutes de gare du Nord. Metro Line 12 (Marx Dormoy), Line 2 (La Chapelle) and Line 4 (Marcadet Poissonnier). Bus No. 35, 60, 65 and 350 On foot 
30680	DOOR OF The CHAPEL - TERMINUS STREETCAR T3 Studio (18m2) redoes in nine in January, 2013 This apartment is just a step from the terminus of the Streetcar T3 and the departure of the bus 350 for Roissy-airport. It is quiet coach situated on yard and approachable because at the ground floor.. It has a complete equipment: TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwaves, board and iron, folding table, chairs, barkeeper(coffeepot), teapot, dishes(crockery) and flatware, kitchenware, refrigerator, hairdryer … Can receive two adults or two adults and two children (mezzanine two places) and sofa bed (two places) DOOR OF The CHAPEL - TERMINUS STREETCAR T3 Studio redoes in nine in January, 2013 This apartment is just a step from the terminus of the Streetcar T3 and the departure of the bus 350 for Roissy-airport. It is quiet coach situated on court(yard) and accessible(approachable) because at the ground floor.. He(It) has a complete equipment: TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwaves, board and iron, fold	DOOR OF The CHAPEL - TERMINUS STREETCAR T3 Studio (18m2) redoes in nine in January, 2013 This apartment is just a step from the terminus of the Streetcar T3 and the departure of the bus 350 for Roissy-airport. It is quiet coach situated on yard and approachable because at the ground floor.. It has a complete equipment: TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwaves, board and iron, folding table, chairs, barkeeper(coffeepot), teapot, dishes(crockery) and flatware, kitchenware, refrigerator, hairdryer … Can receive two adults or two adults and two children (mezzanine two places) and sofa bed (two places) DOOR OF The CHAPEL - TERMINUS STREETCAR T3 Studio redoes in nine in January, 2013 This apartment is just a step from the terminus of the Streetcar T3 and the departure of the bus 350 for Roissy-airport. It is quiet coach situated on court(yard) and accessible(approachable) because at the ground floor.. He(It) has a complete equipment: TV, cooktops, refrigerator, microwaves, board and iron, fold
30681	All you need for your Paris stay! A nice and cosy appartment ith a street view and garden acces on the ground floor. This 25 sqm appartment is ideally located in the 18th arrondissement, a few minutes walk from Montmartre (Sacré Coeur). On the 2nd floor with no elevator (it’s healthy), in a secure building , it can welcome comfortably 2 people and 2 extra visitors.	Confortable 25m² appartment with street view (and accessible garden:). Idealy located at the foot of Montmartre (Sacre Coeur) and Pigale (Moulin Rouge) in an authentic and lively district of Paris.  Get your key at any time. Possibility of breakfast
30682	Une jolie vue sur Montmartre depuis notre petite terrasse agréable. Le salon est lumineux et spacieux. La salle de bain est avec baignoire, et deux lavabos. Points faibles :  il faut passer par notre chambre pour atteindre la salle de bain. 	Joli 2 piéces de 42m2 accueillant au Nord de Paris. A 25 min à pied de Montmartre, 10 min des puces de Saint Ouen, 15 min en tram du parc de la Villette.   Cuisine équipée, terrasse vue sur Montmartre et SdB à partager en passant par notre chambre. Une jolie vue sur Montmartre depuis notre petite terrasse agréable. Le salon est lumineux et spacieux. La salle de bain est avec baignoire, et deux lavabos. Points faibles :  il faut passer par notre chambre pour atteindre la salle de bain. Les voyageurs ont accès au marché aux puces de Saint Ouen à deux pas de l'appartement, à Montmartre, au nord de la ville, au parc de la Villette. Nous aimons partager avec les voyageurs. Si cela vous convient nous pouvons nous organiser pour  cuisiner et partager les repas du soir ensemble. Nous respectons également l'envie des voyageurs de rester seuls. Nous sommes très proche du célèbre Marché aux puces de Saint Ouen que nous apprécions particulièrement (une autre facette de Paris, authentique et popula
30683	Enjoy the peace and quiet of our family house and its private garden. Built in a typical Parisian cobble-stoned courtyard with many plants, it is like a countryside cottage cut off from the city's row. You will have access to all the spaces and amenities which we leave for you to enjoy.	Hello ! Our family's house and its private garden are available for rent now ! Relax on a deckchair, enjoy a good homemade barbecue after a good day's walk around Paris : it's possible.  Simple, colourful, comfortable, you'll surely feel at home!!!!! Enjoy the peace and quiet of our family house and its private garden. Built in a typical Parisian cobble-stoned courtyard with many plants, it is like a countryside cottage cut off from the city's row. You will have access to all the spaces and amenities which we leave for you to enjoy. Situated between the Gare du Nord (10 mins walk) and the Porte de la Chapelle ( connection to the A 1 motorway which leads to all northern european countries and the Paris Charles de Gaulle airport), it is easily accessible for all travellers. The Marcadet-Poissoniers métro station (3 mins walk) is at the junction of 2 métro lies : line 4 and line 12. We will not be present nor available during your stay, but Elsi and / or  Santa who both speak english will
30684		Our flat is on the 6th floor of a very calm buiding, the subway station Marcadet-Poissonnier (Line 4 & 12) is about 200m. We will host you in our big living room in 3 individual beds.
30685	Sunny and airy apartment, on the first floor, 30 square meters, well organized and equipped (bedding, cooking). Very easy to live. Seen on small park with trees and Montmartre.	Between Montmartre and canal St Martin (boats trips), well equipped accomodation, sunny and comfortable, easy to live in. On first floor, view of small park and famous Montmartre. Separated bedroom for 2, extra sofa for 2 people in main room. Children welcome. In a lively area with shops and restaurants. ± 30 minuts (subway) to major points of Paris. 15 minuts from famous flea market of Clignancourt. Wifi, TV, electric heating,  smoke detector, secure building. Sunny and airy apartment, on the first floor, 30 square meters, well organized and equipped (bedding, cooking). Very easy to live. Seen on small park with trees and Montmartre. The travelers have all the apartment, with place enough to settle down (closet, desk, bath cabinet...). As the travelers have the complete apartment, thus I am not there! But on arrival, if the opportunity appears and that they wish it, I'll be pleased to chat one moment ! And, if something pops up, I'll help you, of course ! Lively and cosmopolitan area.
30686		Charmant petit studio proche du centre de Paris. Idéal pour courts séjours
30687		Welcoming and fully equipped apartment located a few steps from the sacred heart in a quiet area. You will charmed by this apartment with its ideal location. It is located in a quiet street 5 minutes from the metro. Ideal for 4 people.   
30688	Very spacius apartment rare for Paris.Supermarket, bakeries, , restaurants, cafés, many shops are located nearby. A bright, non overlooked apartment has rooms with individual balconies offering views over the Place Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. Two of the rooms have fireplaces with Haussmann type mirrors. The apartment is equipped with WIFI, TV and a stereo system. The kitchen is opens out to the dining room and is fully equipped: Gas stove, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker etc. . The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms. The first bedroom has a double electric bed 180 x 200 and a bathroom with an exotic wood floor with a bath, separate shower and toilet. A dressing room and a washing machine. The second bedroom is equipped with a 160 x 200 bed and a bathroom with shower and toilet. A third toilet is located at the apartment entrance. Magnifique 110 m2 à 50m de la place Pigalle aménagé par un architecte au 2ème étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble Haussmannien. La décoration soignée et co	A magnificent 110 m2 apartment  just 50m from the Place Pigalle designed by an architect in a Haussmann building  The neat and contemporary design contains all conveniences for complete comfort. It is conveniently located 500 meters from the Moulin Rouge, and Sacré Cœur (500m) . In august booking 1 week minimum Very spacius apartment rare for Paris.Supermarket, bakeries, , restaurants, cafés, many shops are located nearby. A bright, non overlooked apartment has rooms with individual balconies offering views over the Place Pigalle and the Moulin Rouge. Two of the rooms have fireplaces with Haussmann type mirrors. The apartment is equipped with WIFI, TV and a stereo system. The kitchen is opens out to the dining room and is fully equipped: Gas stove, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker etc. . The apartment consists of 2 bedrooms. The first bedroom has a double electric bed 180 x 200 and a bathroom with an exotic wood floor with a bath, separate shower and toilet. A dressing room and a wa
30689	Vous pourrez dormir sur le canapé dans le salon et bien sûr profiter à votre guise de la cuisine, et ses ustensiles pour vous préparer à manger. Je me charge de vous fournir des draps et serviette de toilette propres.	Situé dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris au métro Château Rouge mon appartement de 30m2 est situé dans un quartier populaire à proximité de Montmartre et à proximité des lignes de métro 4, 2 et 12. Vous pourrez loger dans le salon sur le canapé. Vous pourrez dormir sur le canapé dans le salon et bien sûr profiter à votre guise de la cuisine, et ses ustensiles pour vous préparer à manger. Je me charge de vous fournir des draps et serviette de toilette propres. Il est très facile de venir chez moi, en empruntant les lignes de métro 4, 2 ou 12... Mon appartement est à 2 stations de métro de la gare du Nord (15 min à pied pour les marcheurs...) L'appartement est situé au 3ème étage sans ascenseur. Pour celles et ceux qui ne connaissent pas le quartier Barbès/Château Rouge, il s'agit d'un des derniers quartiers populaires de Paris, où se côtoient et se mélangent des populations aux origines très diverses... Et c'est justement ce qui tout son charme. Un quartier dont le coeur bat très for
30690		Un petit appartement, très éclairé. Situé dans un quartier calme, familial et chic, Jules Joffrin, à une minute du métro 12 (Jules Joffrin), et 5 minutes de la ligne 4 (Simplon).  P.S : appartement partagé (invité : séjour; hôte : cuisine!)
30691	Dans le quartier de La Fourche (Paris 17ème, limite 18ème) non loin de Montmartre, et près de la Place de Clichy, l'appartement est situé  dans une adorable voie privée fleurie, avec jardin. Comme dans un village à l'ancienne, le calme absolu, la luminosité et la convivialité seront au rendez-vous de votre séjour. Au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur), l'appartement (41m2) est composé d'une petite cuisine dînatoire, salle d'eau avec WC, 1 chambre d'enfants (avec 2 lits de taille adulte: 1 de 90x190 et 1 en mezzanine  de 120x190), 1 salon  avec coin-chambre parents. (lit 160x190). Dans le salon, 1 canapé-lit offrant un excellent couchage permet d'accueillir 2 personnes de plus. Dans le salon, une porte-fenêtre ouvre sur un petit balcon fleuri. Nous proposons notre appartement uniquement à la semaine (5 ou 6 nuits)	Comme dans un village ! A Paris, dans un quartier vivant et animé, avec toutes les commodités (transports, commerces,restaurants, cinémas, théâtres ), cet appartement de 2/3 pièces est idéalement situé dans une voie privée avec jardin. Calme absolu ! Dans le quartier de La Fourche (Paris 17ème, limite 18ème) non loin de Montmartre, et près de la Place de Clichy, l'appartement est situé  dans une adorable voie privée fleurie, avec jardin. Comme dans un village à l'ancienne, le calme absolu, la luminosité et la convivialité seront au rendez-vous de votre séjour. Au 2ème étage (avec ascenseur), l'appartement (41m2) est composé d'une petite cuisine dînatoire, salle d'eau avec WC, 1 chambre d'enfants (avec 2 lits de taille adulte: 1 de 90x190 et 1 en mezzanine  de 120x190), 1 salon  avec coin-chambre parents. (lit 160x190). Dans le salon, 1 canapé-lit offrant un excellent couchage permet d'accueillir 2 personnes de plus. Dans le salon, une porte-fenêtre ouvre sur un petit balcon fleuri. Nou
30692	Two  bed rooms and a private bathroom in a cosy, sunny and well equiped flat just down Montmartre ( 10 mn walk)	Two  bed rooms and a private bathroom in a cosy, sunny and well equiped flat just down Montmartre ( 10 mn walk)
30693	It's a little cozy appartement in montmartre.For further infos please contact me. The whole appartement it will be available(for 2 personnes) in january.	It's a small appartement near metro Guy moquet and Lamark (website hidden)'s ideal for a short stay,it can host 1 personne and it is very cozy It's a little cozy appartement in montmartre.For further infos please contact me. The whole appartement it will be available(for 2 personnes) in january. Metro Line 13,station guy moquet,sortie 1,2,3 (no sortie lamark) When you are out take the road on your right hand and walk for 3minutes.IThe house is facing a park 
30694	The appartment is located next to the trendy Marcadet and Custine area with its many bars, restaurants and terraces, also close to the rue du Poteau and its typical Parisian market. It is on the fifth floor of an elegant building, equipped with a large balcony. It includes a parking lot located 5min away from the flat. Number of guests: 1 large bed (2 people) and 1 large sofa bed (2 people). Amenities: lounge with a comfortable sofa bed, a large flat screen TV. Fully furnished kitchen (dishwasher, oven, gas hob, espresso machine). Laundry and washing machine. Internet, wifi, cable TV, game console, DVD player BluRay and even an acoustic guitar.	Close to Montmartre, within Marcadet and Custine trendy area, very luminous and fully equipped apartment with a long balcony for an outdoor breakfast. Includes a parking lot nearby. The appartment is located next to the trendy Marcadet and Custine area with its many bars, restaurants and terraces, also close to the rue du Poteau and its typical Parisian market. It is on the fifth floor of an elegant building, equipped with a large balcony. It includes a parking lot located 5min away from the flat. Number of guests: 1 large bed (2 people) and 1 large sofa bed (2 people). Amenities: lounge with a comfortable sofa bed, a large flat screen TV. Fully furnished kitchen (dishwasher, oven, gas hob, espresso machine). Laundry and washing machine. Internet, wifi, cable TV, game console, DVD player BluRay and even an acoustic guitar. Our guests have an access to the entire appartment. 2 minutes from stations Marcadet (M4, M12) and Jules Joffrin (M12)
30695	si vous aimez comme moi les voyages et les beaux objets d'Asie ou d'Amérique latine, vous aurez le coup de coeur pour mon appartement situé au 2è étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble près du quartier Indien aux senteurs épicées. Vous y serez à l'aise dans une atmosphère chaleureuse et décontractée. Le double living-cuisine de 58 m2 est très agréable à vivre avec ses ouvertures en arche, surtout le soir après une longue  journée ou le matin lorsqu'on est d'humeur flemmarde. Les deux grandes chambres avec leurs salles de bain respectives peuvent accueillir 4 personnes (lit double + futon double - 160/190 cm), une cinquième personne peut dormir sur un canapé. Même à 5 vous n'aurez pas l'impression d'être confinés.  	appart spacieux, 107 m2, charme de l'ancien avec grande pièce à vivre très agréable et lumineuse. 2 belles chambres à lit double avec 1 salle de bain-wc et 1 salle d'eau-wc attenantes. Cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée + wifi, TV cable. si vous aimez comme moi les voyages et les beaux objets d'Asie ou d'Amérique latine, vous aurez le coup de coeur pour mon appartement situé au 2è étage avec ascenseur d'un bel immeuble près du quartier Indien aux senteurs épicées. Vous y serez à l'aise dans une atmosphère chaleureuse et décontractée. Le double living-cuisine de 58 m2 est très agréable à vivre avec ses ouvertures en arche, surtout le soir après une longue  journée ou le matin lorsqu'on est d'humeur flemmarde. Les deux grandes chambres avec leurs salles de bain respectives peuvent accueillir 4 personnes (lit double + futon double - 160/190 cm), une cinquième personne peut dormir sur un canapé. Même à 5 vous n'aurez pas l'impression d'être confinés. la cuisine est entièrement équipée: pl
30696	L'appartement joliment décoré est calme et situé au rez de chaussée sur cour. La pièce principale dispose de tout le nécessaire: convertible en lit double, penderie, table, chaises et fauteuil.  Vous pouvez être confortablement installé à 2 personnes.  L'appartement est très bien situé, en plein coeur de Paris (quartier Pigalle - Saint Georges) au pied de Montmartre à 3mn de la ligne 2 et d'une rue commerçante (rue des martyrs).  This nicely furnished ground floor apartment looking onto an inner courtyard, is quiet and secluded. It comprises a living room (19m ²) with convertible sofa/double bed, table, chairs and armchair, wardrobe. A kitchen (9m ²)with all necessary fittings. A bathroom and toilet (6m ²) including a washing machine. 2 adults can be comfortably settled  The apartment is very well situated, in a lively area with shops (rue des Martyrs), cafés and restaurants between Pigalle and Saint-Georges at a stone’s throw from Montmartre.  A few minutes from metro station Pigalle 	L'appartement de 34m2 est situé au rez de chaussée sur cour, en plein coeur de Paris (quartier Pigalle - Saint Georges), proche du Moulin Rouge. Il est composé d'une pièce principale de 19m2, d'une cuisine de 9m2 et d'une salle de bain de 6m2( wc, lavabo, baignoire) L'appartement joliment décoré est calme et situé au rez de chaussée sur cour. La pièce principale dispose de tout le nécessaire: convertible en lit double, penderie, table, chaises et fauteuil.  Vous pouvez être confortablement installé à 2 personnes.  L'appartement est très bien situé, en plein coeur de Paris (quartier Pigalle - Saint Georges) au pied de Montmartre à 3mn de la ligne 2 et d'une rue commerçante (rue des martyrs).  This nicely furnished ground floor apartment looking onto an inner courtyard, is quiet and secluded. It comprises a living room (19m ²) with convertible sofa/double bed, table, chairs and armchair, wardrobe. A kitchen (9m ²)with all necessary fittings. A bathroom and toilet (6m ²) including a washi
30697		Delightful studio apartment in the Montmartre district. Overlooking a courtyard, very peaceful. Seventh floor with elevator At the foot of the Montmartre hill. Lively shopping area (bars, restaurants, close to Abbesses  and Pigalle)
30698	"L'appartement est calme, très lumineux et ensoleillé toute la journée avec beaucoup de charme, parquet, moulures, cheminée. Nous sommes un jeunes couple de designer et accordons beaucoup d'importance à la décoration. Amoureux de Paris, nous vous donnerons avec plaisir nos adresse fétiches et coins insolites dans pour vivre dans cette ville comme un vrai Parisien. This cosy apartment is ideal for couple to enjoy Paris in a romantic atmosphere. two minutes away from restaurants vine and cheese bar, shops and of course ""le sacré coeur"". The appartment has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped : - a cosy bed of 160X200 - the kitchen is equiped with oven, dishwasher, coffee machine (Nespresso) and you will find the necessary plate and cutlery. - the bathroom has a shower and you will find an iron in the coset if needed. We provide towels and linen. There is also wifi and TV. The appartment is well located in a very historic place surounded by a lot of nice restaurant, small designer "	"Beau trois pièces au coeur de Montmartre, 47m2 . Un grand salon, un bureau et une chambre avec lit double. Dans une rue calme, avec gardienne,situé derrière le sacré coeur au 4eme étage. In the heart of Montmartre this lovely appartment will offer you an unforgettable souvenir of L'appartement est calme, très lumineux et ensoleillé toute la journée avec beaucoup de charme, parquet, moulures, cheminée. Nous sommes un jeunes couple de designer et accordons beaucoup d'importance à la décoration. Amoureux de Paris, nous vous donnerons avec plaisir nos adresse fétiches et coins insolites dans pour vivre dans cette ville comme un vrai Parisien. This cosy apartment is ideal for couple to enjoy Paris in a romantic atmosphere. two minutes away from restaurants vine and cheese bar, shops and of course ""le sacré coeur"". The appartment has been fully refurbished and is fully equipped : - a cosy bed of 160X200 - the kitchen is equiped with oven, dishwasher, coffee machine (Nespresso) and you will f"
30699	The flat is very bright and have a nice view at north on the street and over Parisian roofs, and at south on the patio and other roofs. It’s a 6th floor with 4 huge double-glass windows. It has a warm and calm ambient. The flat is 34 sqm (370sqft). There is one big living room of 20sqm(215sqft) with a sleeping room place (for 2 people). There are 2 windows over the street, and a wooden floor. The kitchen is huge and really nice to be in, to cook or to eat. It is 9sqm (100sqft) and has a wooden floor and a window over the patio.  It is fully furniture for who likes to cook. There are kitchen utensils and basic cooking products (oil, olive oil, salt, pepper, sugar, coffee…). The bathroom has a bathtub and heating (radiator). The WC is apart. The heating is by foundry radiators and central thermostat. The flat has all the necessary furniture. In the living: Bed for 2 + mattress for 1 more people if needed, music, TV screen, WiFi internet, telephone with free communication to fix phones al	The flat has just been renovated. Perfect for 2 or 3 people. Fully furnitured. 34 sqm (370sqft), wooden floor. 6th floor,very bright, nice view at north on the street and over Parisian roofs, and at south on the patio. The flat is very bright and have a nice view at north on the street and over Parisian roofs, and at south on the patio and other roofs. It’s a 6th floor with 4 huge double-glass windows. It has a warm and calm ambient. The flat is 34 sqm (370sqft). There is one big living room of 20sqm(215sqft) with a sleeping room place (for 2 people). There are 2 windows over the street, and a wooden floor. The kitchen is huge and really nice to be in, to cook or to eat. It is 9sqm (100sqft) and has a wooden floor and a window over the patio.  It is fully furniture for who likes to cook. There are kitchen utensils and basic cooking products (oil, olive oil, salt, pepper, sugar, coffee…). The bathroom has a bathtub and heating (radiator). The WC is apart. The heating is by foundry radia
30700	Very quiet, charming studio style loft, on inner courtyard, at the foot of Montmartre. ( In 1 min staircases rising to the sacré coeur). Subway Anvers or chateau rouge (line 2 or 4). Discover this nice district of Paris where all the businesses are near the apartment (supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc.), you are also situated a few minutes away from districts tendencies of  Abbesses. Situated on the 2nd floor, the apartment of 38m2 can welcome 4 persons maximum. The appartment consists of a big room, with two decorated spaces. Lounge with sofa bed 2 persons, and a sofa foams additional ( 2 places(squares)), a kitchen area outing, a bathroom with bathtub, and separate toilets. Access WiFi, linen of bed and bath supplied, the housework of release is included.	Very quiet, charming studio style loft, on inner courtyard, at the foot of Montmartre. ( In 1 min staircases rising to the sacré coeur). Subway Anvers or chateau rouge (line 2 or 4). Discover this nice district of Paris where all the businesses are near the apartment (supermarkets, restaurants, bars etc.), you are also situated a few minutes away from districts tendencies of  Abbesses. Situated on the 2nd floor, the apartment of 38m2 can welcome 4 persons maximum. The appartment consists of a big room, with two decorated spaces. Lounge with sofa bed 2 persons, and a sofa foams additional ( 2 places(squares)), a kitchen area outing, a bathroom with bathtub, and separate toilets. Access WiFi, linen of bed and bath supplied, the housework of release is included.
30701	My apartment is large for 2 pers, clear and quiet.	"My apartment is in the North of Paris (inside Paris), 35m², very clear and calm, near the Canal Saint-Martin, and La Villette. 5 min from Sacré-Coeur, 10 min from Les Champs-Elysées, 15 min from Notre-Dame de Paris. My apartment is large for 2 pers, clear and quiet. Guest have access of course to the kitchen and bathroom, wifi, tv, hifi. I communicate with the guest by mail until their arrival, and usually I'm there to welcome the guest and when they leave the apartment. I really love the proximity of the canals, so good for walks, running, going to the cines, having a drink on the banks or on the boats. By taking the metro in 5min you are in Montmartre. On week-ends I recommand going to the ""marché de l'Olive"", 10min walking, and to the cultural center ""104"". Down the building there's is a nice public garden. The apartment is 2min walking from the metro station ""Stalingrad"", with 3 lines:2, 5, and 7 that permit to go North to South, West to East in Paris and to get realy quick to the "
30702	A beautiful flat in the north of paris next to ligns 2, 5 and 7. Located between Montmartre and the Buttes Chaumont, it is a perfect little nest with a view on Parisian rooftops! You will be in a quiet and cosy environment without a doubt! You are welcome to cook and use the flat as it was your own. Believe me, you will love it!	Its design staircase, wooden beams, and kitchen island unit make this flat feel like home. At 1 minute walking from Stalingrad metro ligns 2 & 5 & 7, it is easy to go to Montmartre of the Eiffel Tower! Perfect for a romantic weekend in Paris! A beautiful flat in the north of paris next to ligns 2, 5 and 7. Located between Montmartre and the Buttes Chaumont, it is a perfect little nest with a view on Parisian rooftops! You will be in a quiet and cosy environment without a doubt! You are welcome to cook and use the flat as it was your own. Believe me, you will love it! Access directly from Gare du Nord  and Gare de l'Est (lign 2) or Gare d'Austerlitz (lign 5).  Stalingrad metro station is literally 2 minutes away from my entrance doorway and Jaures metro station 5 minutes away. Guests are welcome to ask me any kind of questions during there stay. Located between Montmartre and the Buttes Chaumont.  At the end of the Canal Saint Martin.  It is a popular neigborhood, you will find restaura
30703	"Our flat, ideal for a family, is made up of :  - a 25 m2 living room, oriented south-east, very sunny in the morning, facing a balcony with an opened view, without any ""vis-a-vis"".   - a room for a children from birth until the age of 4 (notably furnished with a 70 cm / 140 cm baby bed with variable height and the possibility to take off some rungs).  - a room for a children from the age of 4 until the age of 9 or 10.  - a room for parents.  - a well fitted out kitchen.   - two bathrooms, one with a shower and one with a bath.  - separate toilets.  Our flat is well fitted out, extremely quiet an luminous, vey clean and nicely decorated in a contemporary way.  Our flat is located 5 minutes walk from the pleasant and famous ""canal saint-martin"" where one will find many nice restaurants, coffees, two nice cinemas, a book-shop. The cultural equipment ""le 104"" is also 5 minutes walk from our flat. A nice garden faces our building and proposes notably different children plays and sand playin"	"Our flat, ideal for a family, is made up of :  - a 25 m2 living room, oriented south-east, very sunny in the morning, facing a balcony with an opened view, without any ""vis-a-vis"".   - a room for a children from birth until the age of 4 (notably furnished with a 70 cm / 140 cm baby bed with variable height and the possibility to take off some rungs).  - a room for a children from the age of 4 until the age of 9 or 10.  - a room for parents.  - a well fitted out kitchen.   - two bathrooms, one with a shower and one with a bath.  - separate toilets.  Our flat is well fitted out, extremely quiet an luminous, vey clean and nicely decorated in a contemporary way.  Our flat is located 5 minutes walk from the pleasant and famous ""canal saint-martin"" where one will find many nice restaurants, coffees, two nice cinemas, a book-shop. The cultural equipment ""le 104"" is also 5 minutes walk from our flat. A nice garden faces our building and proposes notably different children plays and sand playin"
30704	l'appartement est situé à 200 m du cimetière de Montmartre et à 3 min à pied des Batignolles, Il est spacieux et très lumineux.  Il est parfaitement équipé pour y passer un agréable séjour. Il y a un lit 2 places dans la chambre principale qui donne sur une rue très calme. Le canapé du Salon est convertible en lit deux places, de même que le canapé de la pièce bureau.Les draps sont fournis avec le nécessaire de toilette (savon, champoing). la cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour cuisiner si vous le souhaitez.  Il y a un accès wifi et la télé, une machine à laver, un lave vaisselle... N'hesitez pas à nous joindre n'importe quand par mail ou téléphone. 	C'est un appartement typiquement parisien avec parquet, moulure et cheminée d'époque. 60m2 avec 2 chambres et 1 salon. Cuisine, toilettes et SdB sont séparées. Idéal pour 4/5 pers, il est entièrement équipé pour que vous passiez un agréable séjour! l'appartement est situé à 200 m du cimetière de Montmartre et à 3 min à pied des Batignolles, Il est spacieux et très lumineux.  Il est parfaitement équipé pour y passer un agréable séjour. Il y a un lit 2 places dans la chambre principale qui donne sur une rue très calme. Le canapé du Salon est convertible en lit deux places, de même que le canapé de la pièce bureau.Les draps sont fournis avec le nécessaire de toilette (savon, champoing). la cuisine est parfaitement équipée pour cuisiner si vous le souhaitez.  Il y a un accès wifi et la télé, une machine à laver, un lave vaisselle... N'hesitez pas à nous joindre n'importe quand par mail ou téléphone. Transports Metro : 1 min de l'arrêt Guy Moquet sur la ligne 13  10 min a pied de Montmartre
30705	Very cosy, the flat is decorated with arty influences. You'll feel instantly at home and in an authentic parisian place. The flat can host 4 people but is ideal for a couple.	Nice and quiet apartment with two rooms with a clear view. It can welcome ideally 2 persons but proposes a sofa-bed for 2 extra persons. Shops, including an everyday market, are just at 2mn from the building. You will be at Montmartre in 15mn ! Very cosy, the flat is decorated with arty influences. You'll feel instantly at home and in an authentic parisian place. The flat can host 4 people but is ideal for a couple. You can have access to Wi-Fi. I will be contactable during the time of your stay to help you if there is any question. Marx Dormoy is like a village : it's a little district organized around a great market that is open everyday, all day long. There is a lot of shops, both traditionnal and exotic, specially asiatic. And the district proposes very trendy bars at Pajol's Hall that used to be a warehouse and that have been renovated and turned into a multipurpose space (bars, shops, library, etc.). And the nearest subway stations (marx Dormoy, Marcadet-Poisonniers, La Chapelle)
30706	Centre Paris, entre Montmartre et Pigalle.  Calme car la rue est peu passante	Un appartement cosy de 36 m à deux pas de Pigalle. Ideal pour sorties à toute heure.  Confortable, lumineux, vue sur les toits de Paris, et très calme, tous commerces à proximité, restaurants typiques..,.,etc Meublé aux goûts du jour. Centre Paris, entre Montmartre et Pigalle.  Calme car la rue est peu passante Moulin Rouge a 500 metres Place Pigalle a 50 metres Butte Montmartre Non Quartier pittoresque aux pieds de la Butte Montmartre Metro station Pigalle
30707	Would you like to wake up with great views over Paris,   or Montmartre? Take your breakfast admiring the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Two large rooms, one with a double bed and other with two single beds.	40m2. Renewed 2014. Fully furnished (washing machine, dishwasher, vitroceramic, oven, big fridge, wifi). 4 beds +1 bed for baby. Great views to Montmartre and Sacré Coeur (north room) and to Eiffel Tower and all Paris (south living room). Would you like to wake up with great views over Paris,   or Montmartre? Take your breakfast admiring the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Two large rooms, one with a double bed and other with two single beds. Lift until 6th floor. Very lively area with many restaurants and bars. Discover romantic Paris, the Nouvelle Athènes and the Museum of Romantic Life, and Saint-George zone. At the slopes of Montmartre and not far of the Opera and Grands Boulevards. Hipster area of South Pigalle, with boutiques, bars ant bistros. Line 2 and 12 of Metro, direct to the city center and Champs Elysées. Bus 30, direct to Trocadéro-Eiffel Tower and Champs Elysées. 20 minutes by foot to Opera and Grands Boulevards, Galéries Lafayette and Printemps
30708	L'emplacement parfait entre le 18ème arrondissement populaire et le 18ème touristique. Melting pot parisien.	Bonjour,  Ce studio de 27m2, parfaitement agencé et équipé (WC suspendu, douche à l'italienne, cuisine aménagée dans un quartier vivant de Paris, vous permettra d'avoir un pied-à-terre pratique et abordable pendant votre séjour parisien. Station métro à 2 minutes à pied (ligne 4), proche Montmartre (10mn à pied). L'emplacement parfait entre le 18ème arrondissement populaire et le 18ème touristique. Melting pot parisien. A plusieurs lignes de metro (2,4,5,12), à moins de 15 minutes à pied.  A un marché populaire et fourni. Aux plus beaux atouts du 18ème, de Montmartre à Pigalle. Je les mettrai bien. Sa mixité, sa chaleur, ses bars et restaurants Métro à 2 minutes à pied.
30709		Charmant duplex au calme dans une impasse privée, au coeur d'un quartier animé. Au RDC la cuisine, le salon, toilettes et lingerie. A l'étage la chambre et salle de bain avec toilettes. Lumineux, 6 grandes fenêtres, sans vis à vis.
30710	This charming ultra bright loft is located on the corner of a quiet street . It consists of a large living room - dining room with open kitchen fully equipped, a bathroom and a souplex bedroom with double bed. The apartment is 72m2, ceiling height of over 3 meters enlarges even more the space.	Big loft with souplex room near Montmartre . Comfortable and unique, it is fully equipped (washing machine, dishwasher, wifi, parking ...) Ideal for couples, 2 steps from Olive Market and metro line 12. This charming ultra bright loft is located on the corner of a quiet street . It consists of a large living room - dining room with open kitchen fully equipped, a bathroom and a souplex bedroom with double bed. The apartment is 72m2, ceiling height of over 3 meters enlarges even more the space. Travelers have access to the entire apartment , except for the children's room that will be locked. There is therefore room to lodge two people in the souplex room (no window but the space is ventilated) . In the bathroom : a large walk-in shower , sink and toilet. In the living room : television and Wifi are available. The kitchen is fully equipped ( dishwasher, oven , microwave , dishwasher , washing machine , kettle , blender, Nespresso , gas cooker ) and allows travelers to have lunch or dinne
30711		New flat of 26 m2, really bright, located near the  subway  station LaChapelle (line 2). All is well designed and warm!  A real cozy bedroom area, a nice seating area, a bathroom with walk-in shower . You will feel great! There is  available towels and the bed linen. I 'd gladely exchanges  with travelers to help during the holidays in Paris. The neighborhood is multicultural and friendly. It's a real trip. The station Lachapelle is at 3-minute walk from the flat .  Gare du Nord  Station is at 10 minutes walk from the flat. Montmartre is at 15 minutes walk from the flat. I expect nice people , friendly who love life and who will respect the place and leave the apartment as they found it
30712		Close to métro and bus Quiet .first floor two rooms kitchen and bathroom 
30713	Feel free to ask me some more pieces of information about the apartment, the neighborhood or good places to see in Paris .	"This apartment is completely new, very bright and with an amazing view on the ""je t'aime"" wall, and the Abbesses square. Feel free to ask me some more pieces of information about the apartment, the neighborhood or good places to see in Paris . You probably already heard a lot about Montmartre, and there is a reason for that. If it became one of the most (if not THE most) popular and trendy place in Paris, it's because it's unique village atmosphere, it's historical architecture, its intricates streets surrounded by beautiful gardens , it's amazing shops, cafes, and restaurant, and all the little surprises and secrets that it has to offer at every street corner stay unmatch in the rest of the city. And most of all, the view over Paris is wonderful there. Located 20 meters far from the subway station Abbesses (line 12) and 3 minutes walk far from line 2 you will be able to move around in Paris very easly"
30714	2 Pièces moderne et charmant dans le quartier de la Goutte d'Or, à 10min de la butte Montmartre, le lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris. Refait à neuf, séjour traversant Nord/Sud de 25m2 avec une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bains, une chambre avec un grand lit. Au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Equipements : lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, télévision, chauffage, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux, aspirateur, machine à café Nespresso. WIFI, draps et serviettes inclus. L'appartement est calme et très ensoleillé. Endroit idéal pour un couple désireux de vivre dans un quartier atypique de la capitale, tout en restant très proche des différents lieux touristiques. Je suis disponible pour vous, alors n'hésitez pas à me poser des questions sur les activités ou d'autres informations.	2 pièces de 37m² totalement refait à neuf, au cœur de la Goutte d'Or, le Paris populaire non loin de la butte Montmartre. Proche de plusieurs stations de métro, RER et de la Gare du Nord, Bassin de La Villette, restaurants, bars, le Paris vivant. 2 Pièces moderne et charmant dans le quartier de la Goutte d'Or, à 10min de la butte Montmartre, le lieu idéal pour découvrir Paris. Refait à neuf, séjour traversant Nord/Sud de 25m2 avec une cuisine entièrement équipée, une salle de bains, une chambre avec un grand lit. Au 4ème étage sans ascenseur. Equipements : lave-linge, lave-vaisselle, four, plaques de cuisson, micro-ondes, réfrigérateur, congélateur, télévision, chauffage, fer à repasser, sèche-cheveux, aspirateur, machine à café Nespresso. WIFI, draps et serviettes inclus. L'appartement est calme et très ensoleillé. Endroit idéal pour un couple désireux de vivre dans un quartier atypique de la capitale, tout en restant très proche des différents lieux touristiques. Je suis disponible p
30715	At 2 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, a amazing haussmannien apartment  of 70 square meters large. With a view on the roofs of Paris, a lot of light, quiet and decorated with taste, this apartment was completly refurdished. It can accomoded 2 people, 5e floor with élévator. Well served by the underground, its neighborhood is lively and trendy. Typically parisienne athmosphere, perfect for your holidays ! 2 TV in beedrom and living room with english channel, wifi, comfortable.	At 2 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, a amazing haussmannien apartment  of 70 square meters large. With a view on the roofs of Paris, a lot of light, quiet and decorated with taste, this apartment was completly refurdished. It can accomoded 2 people, 5e floor with élévator. Well served by the underground, its neighborhood is lively and trendy. Typically parisienne athmosphere, perfect for your holidays ! 2 TV in beedrom and living room with english channel, wifi, comfortable. Always here by phone and a friend who live's in the same building can answer to your questions Amazing ! A lot of shops, very good restaurants, bars and clubs trendy. You are at 2 minutes walk of Butte Montmartre ! Subway line 2 et line 4 : Anvers or Barbés.
30716		Equipé, pratique, et idéalement situé, ce coquet appartement au pied de Montmartre vous offira un séjour tout confort dans la capitale. SDB avec fenêtre, baignoire et machine à laver, alcôves, moulures et parquet  viendront donner du cachet au salon. Métro Pigalles
30717	Appartement très bien agencé, idéal pour une ou deux familles, aucun couchage dans les pièces de séjour. Extrêmement bien desservi par les transports en commun. 4 stations de velib à proximité	Grand appartement familial au pied de la butte Montmartre de 110 m2 avec 4 chambres, 2 lits doubles, 4 lits simples. Grandes pièces de séjour. Wifi, TV 165cm, Hifi. Cuisine toute équipée. Salle de bain. Métro à 1 minute. Notre-Dame à 10 minutes. Appartement très bien agencé, idéal pour une ou deux familles, aucun couchage dans les pièces de séjour. Extrêmement bien desservi par les transports en commun. 4 stations de velib à proximité Plus de 600 bandes dessinées (Hergé, Bourgeon, Tardi, Pratt, Charlier et Giraud, Moebius, Hermann, Cosey, Ceppi, Sokal, Bilal, Tanigushi, Urasawa,...) et 500 DVD (de Tarkovski aux frères Farrely, de Godard à Zidi, de Scorcese à Rosselini,..) à disposition Non Quartier branché, animé et commerçant. Beaucoup de restaurants de qualité et de bars à proximité. Shopping aux Abbesses (5 min), métiers de bouche au village Ramey (2 min) Métro ligne 4 station Château Rouge, ligne 2 station Anvers ou Barbès, ligne 12 station Lamarck Caulaincourt ou Marcadet Poissonn
30718	Terrasse aménagée sur jardin ensoleillée au calme sans aucun bruit de voitures.	Studio tout équipé neuf, residence moderne, au calme sur jardin, lit 160, canapé lit 140, cuisine tout équipée, salle de bains baignoire, rez-de chaussée terrasse jardin. 33m plus 17m terrasse.  1 Min Metro Guy Moquet, tous commerces, proche Montmartre Abbesses Terrasse aménagée sur jardin ensoleillée au calme sans aucun bruit de voitures. Metro a 100m (Guy Moquet) Gare Saint Lazare et Montparnasse direct par metro. Accès rez-de chaussée aucun escalier. Nous habitons le même immeuble et nous parlons Français, Espagnol, Catalan et Anglais. Le vrai Paris dans un quartier Haussmannien, entre Montmartre, Abbesses, Battignolles, proche quartier Pigalle, Moulin Rouge. 1 Min Metro Guy Moquet Nous vous accueillons nous même sur place, linge de maison fourni (draps, serviettes...)
30719		Bel appartement en rez de chaussée sur jardin, très lumineux et chaleureux, grande cuisine, baignoire.  Juste à côté du marché de l'olive et de la très belle piscine Hébert, idéal pour être au calme à Paris !
30720	It consists of a large living room with a living area (coffee table, with a sofa bed for 2 pax), a dining area (dining table + 6 chairs) and a central bar with fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms (1 double bed 160cm and 1 double bed 140cm), a bathroom with a large corner bath, and separated toilet.  It is freshly furnished in a contemporary and refined style.	Countryside lifestyle in Paris Enjoy your stay in Paris in a very nice, quiet and secure garden, a rare and exclusive ambiance in the French capital. The loft apartment was fully renovated in December. It consists of a large living room with a living area (coffee table, with a sofa bed for 2 pax), a dining area (dining table + 6 chairs) and a central bar with fully equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms (1 double bed 160cm and 1 double bed 140cm), a bathroom with a large corner bath, and separated toilet.  It is freshly furnished in a contemporary and refined style. Close to all shops and main areas in Paris, the property is located in a dynamic neighbourhood, just off the “Olive Market” with fresh products and French specialties  (open 6/7), the market is famous in Paris for the quality of its products.  You can also take your coffee with croissants on the terrace in the garden. Quality sports facilities are available nearby (swimming pools, gyms, parks ...) It is ideally located with a short a
30721	Do you like to drink a coffee on beautiful squares and walk on Parisian streets? The Rue des Abbesses is right on the corner and the Place du Tertre is five minutes by foot. On the other hand, if you prefer avoiding the tourists, Rue Muller, Rue Durantin or Rue Tholoze will soon be your favourite locations.	This 2-rooms apartment (40 square meter) will be perfect for one single or a couple : wifi, big bed, little kitchen, little terrace, large screen, big sofa, nespresso machine, big room... and by the way a AMAZING neighbourhood : Montmartre  Do you like to drink a coffee on beautiful squares and walk on Parisian streets? The Rue des Abbesses is right on the corner and the Place du Tertre is five minutes by foot. On the other hand, if you prefer avoiding the tourists, Rue Muller, Rue Durantin or Rue Tholoze will soon be your favourite locations. Wireless wifi, big bed, little kitchen, little terrace, large screen, big sofa, bathroom, big room, nespresso machine I will be pleased to write a document with all the best things to do in Montmartre and Paris.  Do you like to drink a coffee on beautiful squares and walk on Parisian streets? The Rue des Abbesses is right on the corner and the Place du Tertre is five minutes by foot. On the other hand, if you prefer avoiding the tourists, Rue Mul
30722		70 mètres carrés dans le 18ème, baigné de lumière, et dans un quartier très bien desservi: métro et RER, proche des gares du nord et de l'Est. La vue plonge sur un charmant square.
30723	Sunny, cosy and quiet little nook in the heart of Paris. Perfect for a romantic getaway or a week-end of fun in the city of lights! 15 minutes walk from Montmartre - 3 minutes on the metro. Airy and quiet, 3rd floor and view on a quiet courtyard filled with flowers, a haven away from the busy streets of Paris.	Sunny, cosy and quiet little nook in the heart of Paris. Perfect for a romantic getaway or a week-end of fun in the city of lights! 15 minutes walk from Montmartre - 3 minutes on the metro. Airy and quiet, 3rd floor and view on a quiet courtyard filled with flowers, a haven away from the busy streets of Paris.
30724	Very comfortable brand new modern flat 52sq.m The flat is located on the 2 nd floor in a very securised building with a digicode and a bell. The flat is very sunny, in the room particularly. The flat is very comfortable for 3 people. A big 15sq.m. sunny bedroom en-suite with a king size bed and with a comfortable shower, clothes washer and dryer (2in1) bed linen and towels included. The toilets are separated. Large 32sq.m. living room with an open kitchen and table for 8-10 persons. The kitchen is full equipped with a dishwasher, a micro-wave oven, an oven, a fridge, a frizzer, induction hotplates, etc... It is possible for a third person to sleep in the living room. Internet access wi-fi. Very lively and artistic neighboorhood but calm appartment double glazed windows, work finished in march. Nicely decorated by it's owner who is an interior architect, with vintage furniture. You will find very close from the flat all types of shop at 2 minutes by foot ( supermarkets, pharmacy, banque	Charming 52sq.m. flat in  Abesses dans une in a very calm building. Near Sacré Coeur in Montmartre a typical neighbourhood near all shops and transports. Very comfortable brand new modern flat 52sq.m The flat is located on the 2 nd floor in a very securised building with a digicode and a bell. The flat is very sunny, in the room particularly. The flat is very comfortable for 3 people. A big 15sq.m. sunny bedroom en-suite with a king size bed and with a comfortable shower, clothes washer and dryer (2in1) bed linen and towels included. The toilets are separated. Large 32sq.m. living room with an open kitchen and table for 8-10 persons. The kitchen is full equipped with a dishwasher, a micro-wave oven, an oven, a fridge, a frizzer, induction hotplates, etc... It is possible for a third person to sleep in the living room. Internet access wi-fi. Very lively and artistic neighboorhood but calm appartment double glazed windows, work finished in march. Nicely decorated by it's owner who is an 
30725		Nice one bedroom very confy with everything you need, quiet and near Montmartre. You will find Velib (Paris' bike) close to the apt. Many restaurants in the area.
30726	Terrasses Vue exceptionnelle sur Paris Immeuble sécurise digicode Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses	Terrasses Vue exceptionnelle sur Paris Immeuble sécurise digicode Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses Métro et bus à proximité  Quartier animé et touristique Commerçants  Restaurants Bars  Pigalle ou Abbessses
30727		Appartement type Loft en RDC dans une charmante cour commune fleurie Très belle hauteur sous plafond  cour privative de 12m2 avec BBQ 1 chambre + un canapé lit d'appoint baignoire WIFI
30728	Beautiful brand new apartment. Very bright and very quiet. Due south, overlooking a courtyard of buildings. Located 2 and the Sacred Heart Basilica of Montmartre. It is also 5 minutes from the Château Rouge metro line 4. Call me if you want to visit. The apartment is furnished of course. Facilities: - TV - Washing Machine - Four and all the necessary kitchen utensils I rent from 18 to 25 may  (phone number hidden) Euros per week Dates can be a day or two changed. Loïc For more info call me or send an email. groick (at) free (point) fr (phone number hidden)	Beautiful brand new apartment. Very bright and very quiet. Due south, overlooking a courtyard of buildings. Located 2 and the Sacred Heart Basilica of Montmartre. It is also 5 minutes from the Château Rouge metro line 4. Call me if you want to visit. The apartment is furnished of course. Facilities: - TV - Washing Machine - Four and all the necessary kitchen utensils I rent from 18 to 25 may  (phone number hidden) Euros per week Dates can be a day or two changed. Loïc For more info call me or send an email. groick (at) free (point) fr (phone number hidden)
30729	Why stay in a tiny studio when you can stay in a fully equipped apartment  in the heart of Paris with lots of living space: There's a large comfortable bedroom with a garden view, a double bed and fresh linen.  A huge double lounge where you will find a sofa so comfortable you will find it difficult to get up. There is a dining area and if you like reading you will find plenty of books and magazines as well as some great guides to the city. For the musically minded there's speakers throughout the appartment (Jawbone Bluetooth, KRK Monitors) if you want to hook your music up. For the gifted there's also an upright piano for you to play. You'll find a well equipped kitchen, not that you'll use it much since you're in Paris and I would hope you're going to sample some of the amazing local food. There's a juicer,  a Nespresso machine and all the other basics. Help yourself. There's also a bathroom with clean towels and a separate toilet. You will access the appartment via a secure door and	Don't stay in a studio. Enjoy the luxury of 4 real rooms and 50m2 of living space. You'll have no problem making yourself at home! Why stay in a tiny studio when you can stay in a fully equipped apartment  in the heart of Paris with lots of living space: There's a large comfortable bedroom with a garden view, a double bed and fresh linen.  A huge double lounge where you will find a sofa so comfortable you will find it difficult to get up. There is a dining area and if you like reading you will find plenty of books and magazines as well as some great guides to the city. For the musically minded there's speakers throughout the appartment (Jawbone Bluetooth, KRK Monitors) if you want to hook your music up. For the gifted there's also an upright piano for you to play. You'll find a well equipped kitchen, not that you'll use it much since you're in Paris and I would hope you're going to sample some of the amazing local food. There's a juicer,  a Nespresso machine and all the other basics. H
30730	Very confortable appartment. Cosy. Perfect for a couple ( possibility to come with a kid, there's a small extra bed).  And obviously perfect for 1 personn! Kitchen is perfect to cook. Bathroom with a bath and hot water!! The studio is very cosy and hot for winter times, and have a balcony for summer times!	"Big studio, well furnished, cosy! 10 minutes from Montmartre, and 10 minutes from the ""Gare du Nord"". Near from many Metros. I'll enjoy to advice you in your visit of Paris, and to welcome you in my parisian appartment! Very confortable appartment. Cosy. Perfect for a couple ( possibility to come with a kid, there's a small extra bed).  And obviously perfect for 1 personn! Kitchen is perfect to cook. Bathroom with a bath and hot water!! The studio is very cosy and hot for winter times, and have a balcony for summer times! You have a free internet access in the studio and also a phone. You can ask me anythings i won't be very far. I'll also let you a carpet full of advices for a good trip in Paris, I love that city and love to share it! There is a supermarket just downstairs!!!  5 Minuts form the Indian neighbourhood where you could eat very good food! And 10 small minutes to go to Montmartre!! Very easy to travel around Paris, it's a central place! Metros lines 2, 4, 5, 12 RER lines B,"
30731	Nice little flat 2 minutes away from Montmartre. Perfectly located near the metro line, and the Gare du nord (biggest train station of Paris). In the heart of Paris but at only half an hour from Charles de Gaulle airport. Cute flat renowed last summer. Located at the 7th floor (with elevator), with a balcony and a great clear view. Perfect for breakfast or tasting some wine ! Main room fully equiped with wood floor. It transforms from living room to bed room thanks a smart system of hidden bed. Furnished and separated kitchen. Big Bathroom with bathtub. Smokers allowed. About the neighborhood. The flat is located in a popular area of Paris. It's currently expending fastly. More and more restaurants, bars, clubs and cultural places (theater, galeries, exposition centers) are opening lately. About the street in which the flat is located, it's really close from everything. There are shops to buy food, little restaurants, fastfood, you can buy an excellent freshly baked bread 15 meters awa	Nice little flat 2 minutes away from Montmartre. Perfectly located near the metro line, and the Gare du nord (biggest train station of Paris). In the heart of Paris but at only half an hour from Charles de Gaulle airport. Cute flat renowed last summer. Located at the 7th floor (with elevator), with a balcony and a great clear view. Perfect for breakfast or tasting some wine ! Main room fully equiped with wood floor. It transforms from living room to bed room thanks a smart system of hidden bed. Furnished and separated kitchen. Big Bathroom with bathtub. Smokers allowed. About the neighborhood. The flat is located in a popular area of Paris. It's currently expending fastly. More and more restaurants, bars, clubs and cultural places (theater, galeries, exposition centers) are opening lately. About the street in which the flat is located, it's really close from everything. There are shops to buy food, little restaurants, fastfood, you can buy an excellent freshly baked bread 15 meters awa
30732	Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or between friends. Welcome ☺	Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or between friends. Welcome :) Modern flat of 40 sqm, in the center of Paris : 2 room, large living and a lovely bedroom.  Located at the first floor with a lift, in a quiet Haussmannien residence It will be perfect for your Holidays in couple or between friends. Welcome ☺ - At 5 min on foot of the subway (l2, l12) - At 10 min of Montmartre / Gare du Nord  - At 15min of Châtelet - Bus station at the bottom of the flat (l35, l65) - At 25min of Austerlitz Rail station - At 40 min of Charles de Gaule Airport - At 45 min of Orly Airport
30733		Appartement trés clair,un plaisir de ce réveiller et prendre sont petit déjeuné sur le balcon ensoleillé . Dans ce quartier cosmopolite,avec ,le marché de l'olive et ces café/restaurant ou vous pourrez savourer diverses culture.  M° Ligne 2 et 12 .
30734	"60m² Apartment  very confortable for 4 peaple in the north of Paris, very well connected to the city center with public transport. Near the museum ""the 104"" Canal Saint Martin (15 minute walk), Basin Ourq (10 minute walk), the Parc de la Villette and the Cité des Sciences.  Equipped, all comfort, oven,new induction heating plate, washing machine, wifi.  2 nices double rooms.  Very quiet and bright (4th floor without elevator) There is a market open all week which is a 5 minute walk.  2 supermarkets within 10 minutes walk.  Bakery just down.  Velib station nearby.  Small park for a stroll. Only 500m from Metro Max dormoy on line 12 (Montmartre, Place de la Concorde, Saint-Lazeare, Madeleine); easy access to airport metros (15 minutes by foots  from Gare du Nord - one line change. Easy walking (15 minutes) to restaurants/cafes situated along Canal Saint Martin and Canal de l'Ourcq. - Internet (free wifi, printer)  - Phone to call all landlines in Europe. The kitchen is fully equipped and"	"60m² Apartment  very confortable for 4 peaple in the north of Paris, very well connected to the city center with public transport. Near the museum ""the 104"" Canal Saint Martin (15 minute walk), Basin Ourq (10 minute walk), the Parc de la Villette and the Cité des Sciences.  Equipped, all comfort, oven,new induction heating plate, washing machine, wifi.  2 nices double rooms.  Very quiet and bright (4th floor without elevator) There is a market open all week which is a 5 minute walk.  2 supermarkets within 10 minutes walk.  Bakery just down.  Velib station nearby.  Small park for a stroll. Only 500m from Metro Max dormoy on line 12 (Montmartre, Place de la Concorde, Saint-Lazeare, Madeleine); easy access to airport metros (15 minutes by foots  from Gare du Nord - one line change. Easy walking (15 minutes) to restaurants/cafes situated along Canal Saint Martin and Canal de l'Ourcq. - Internet (free wifi, printer)  - Phone to call all landlines in Europe. The kitchen is fully equipped and"
30735		Appartement calme, charmant et lumineux dans un quartier sympa et animé. Il dispose de tout le confort pour passer un séjour sympa et agréable.  Le logement se situe à 20 mètres du métro, dans un immeuble sécurisé. Vous aurez accès à la totalité de l'appartement. Quartier très animé. En bas de l'immeuble se trouve un marché couvert (marche de l'Olive), avec nombre de commerces de bouche et de restaurants. A deux pas se trouvent : le Zenith de Paris, le centre culturel 104, Montmartre, les Bouffes du Nord... Station de taxi, bus et métro ligne 12 (station Marx Dormoy) à 20 mètres
30736		Charming 25m sq. studio in La Chapelle area, a few miles away from Montmartre and Sacred Heart  (20min walking)! Sofa-bed can handle 2 and up to 4 people can sleep in the place. Bright and sunny studio, be welcomed to this cozy place in Paris!
30737	Il donne sur cour. Calme. Équipé	Petit mais cosy appartement 2 pièces, situé au pied de Montmartre. Metro Château Rouge ligne 4 15 minutes a pied de Montmartre Appartement propre et fonctionnel (télévision,machine à laver, lave vaisselle,rangements, wifi, ) Rue commerçante Peut accueillir 4 personnes. Dispose d'une chambre et d'un salon avec un fauteuilclic clac Il donne sur cour. Calme. Équipé Tout sauf armoire porte miroir coulissante dans la chambre. Ni armoire sous le Lit Brasserie le barbes Cinéma le louxor et bar du louxor Marche barbes Montmartre a 15 minutes Metro ligne 4 Château Rouge. Metro ligne 12 Marcadet poissonniers Nombreux bus desservis boulevard barbes
30738		T2 40m2 moderne et sympas, situé sur la rive droite de la Seine Paris 18e. Loue salon avec canape lit 2 places confortable, accès libre SDB et cuisine. Non loin, Centre commerciale Millenaire au bord de l’eau. Locataire absente durant la location.
30739	The apartment is bright, nicely decorated and very quiet, facing a small local park. The space is big (85 sq m) and lofty, with two private rooms on two different levels. On the ground floor, you will find a big living and dining room, a kitchen, a toilet, and a private room with an attached bathroom. On the basement, there is another big room with a reading area and two armchairs, a bathroom and a separate toilet with a laundry space. Quite a lot of light comes in, especially in the afternoon.  Please be aware that the staircase is steep and not suited for travelers with limited mobility, in case you need to use the bedroom downstairs. You can always use the other bedroom on ground level, which is more convenient for children and older guests. The Marx Dormoy area is one of the up and coming neighbourhoods in Paris, with a very nice covered market just around the corner, as well as many restaurants (French, Thai, Chinese, Italian, African), supermarkets and wine shops. Feel free to as	An old coffee recently converted into a charming, spacious (85 sq meters), two-level apartment near Montmartre.            The apartment is bright, nicely decorated and very quiet, facing a small local park. The space is big (85 sq m) and lofty, with two private rooms on two different levels. On the ground floor, you will find a big living and dining room, a kitchen, a toilet, and a private room with an attached bathroom. On the basement, there is another big room with a reading area and two armchairs, a bathroom and a separate toilet with a laundry space. Quite a lot of light comes in, especially in the afternoon.  Please be aware that the staircase is steep and not suited for travelers with limited mobility, in case you need to use the bedroom downstairs. You can always use the other bedroom on ground level, which is more convenient for children and older guests. The Marx Dormoy area is one of the up and coming neighbourhoods in Paris, with a very nice covered market just around the 
30740		35m² à la Chapelle  6 floor with lift, beautiful view on le sacré cœur.  All commodities, 4 supermarket nearby.  Bathroom and separate toilette.  Full equip kitchen microwave, oven, washing machine and dishes … Great flat must come !
30741	Grand appartement familial et lumineux de 90  m2 typiquement parisien:  parquet et cheminée (décorative) dans chaque pièce. Idéal pour un séjour en famille avec enfants.   4 pièces:  - un salon lumineux avec balcon sur rue -  3 grands chambres (un grand lit double dans la chambre parentale, sur cour calme), un lit simple dans chaque chambre d'enfant (sur rue), -  une salle de bain avec baignoire - une cuisine dînatoire.  Situé au 4é étage avec un ascenseur. 	Grand appartement familial lumineux,typiquement parisien: parquet et cheminées dans toutes les pièces. 3 chambres, à 10 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur et du quartier Montmartre.   Parfait pour un couple et deux enfants. Grand appartement familial et lumineux de 90  m2 typiquement parisien:  parquet et cheminée (décorative) dans chaque pièce. Idéal pour un séjour en famille avec enfants.   4 pièces:  - un salon lumineux avec balcon sur rue -  3 grands chambres (un grand lit double dans la chambre parentale, sur cour calme), un lit simple dans chaque chambre d'enfant (sur rue), -  une salle de bain avec baignoire - une cuisine dînatoire.  Situé au 4é étage avec un ascenseur. Livres, dvd, disques et jouets des enfants sont à votre disposition. Merci d'en prendre soin! Un ordinateur dans la chambre, mais pas de TV. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter pour avoir plus de précisions, nous essayerons de vous répondre au plus vite.  Nous habitons un quartier populaire, à la fois très commerçant et trè
30742		Appartement de deux pièces de 30m2 au pied de Montmartre. Simple, fonctionnel et équipé il vous permettra de rayonner dans tout Paris grace à sa proximité des lignes de métro 2, 4 et 12 mais également de découvrir le charme typique de la butte.
30743	Minimum 3 nights for april, july and august holidays. Unless 10 minutes walking from the Sacré Coeur our apartment has 2 bedroom : a parental bedroom (double bed) and a kidsroom (1 single kidbeds 140cm + 1 bunkbed for 2 adults or 2 kids ).  Possibility to add 1 double mattress in supplement according to configuration. The living room  of 60m2 is a real common space. Bathroom / shower / TOILETS.	Family apartment to be rented for  WE, weekly,  or for  the month.  Ideal for Families, kids and babies! In the heart of a popular district and living on the 18th district, discover this old monument restored, quiet and warm old wash house.     Minimum 3 nights for april, july and august holidays. Unless 10 minutes walking from the Sacré Coeur our apartment has 2 bedroom : a parental bedroom (double bed) and a kidsroom (1 single kidbeds 140cm + 1 bunkbed for 2 adults or 2 kids ).  Possibility to add 1 double mattress in supplement according to configuration. The living room  of 60m2 is a real common space. Bathroom / shower / TOILETS. Subway line 12 or 4. 10 min from Gare du Nord Directly access from Airport CDG. July and August we only accept guests for 3 minimum nights.
30744	Great studio with lots charm. With his 3 balconies and his impressive view on Sacré Coeur, the apart is very bright and sweet. Subway and supermarket are down to the building. Abbesses and Sacré coeur, 5-10min walking. North of Montmartre, a 5-10 minute walk from the Sacré Coeur. Near the Place des Abbesses, on the 6th floor with views emerged on the Sacre Coeur. Very bright with 2 balconies in the main room and one in the kitchen. 33m2 apartment with a large living room , bedroom, full kitchen with high dining table. Bathroom with shower and a large skylight that lets in plenty of light. The building was renovated there 5 years. There is an elevator.  It is equipped with all the comforts of a modern apartment except dishwasher. Contemporary furniture unpretentious. Apartment ideal for 2 people with the possibility of a third one on the coach (+ 15$ per night). Montmartre is the highest point north of the capital. Stunning views of Sacre Coeur on the city. The streets that intertwine a	Grand studio de charme. Avec ses 3 balcons et sa vue imprenable sur le Sacré Coeur, cet appartement est un berceau de lumière. Métro et commerces au pied de l'immeuble. Abbesses et Sacré coeur en 5-10min à pied. Great studio with lots charm. With his 3 balconies and his impressive view on Sacré Coeur, the apart is very bright and sweet. Subway and supermarket are down to the building. Abbesses and Sacré coeur, 5-10min walking. North of Montmartre, a 5-10 minute walk from the Sacré Coeur. Near the Place des Abbesses, on the 6th floor with views emerged on the Sacre Coeur. Very bright with 2 balconies in the main room and one in the kitchen. 33m2 apartment with a large living room , bedroom, full kitchen with high dining table. Bathroom with shower and a large skylight that lets in plenty of light. The building was renovated there 5 years. There is an elevator.  It is equipped with all the comforts of a modern apartment except dishwasher. Contemporary furniture unpretentious. Apartment i
30745		Studio 20m2, très fonctionnel, propre et lumineux. Quartier vivant, proche de Montmartre, commerces et transports à proximité. Studio, small but very functional, clean and bright. Living area, near Montmartre, shops and transports nearby
30746	Exposed beams and bricks , the apartment is atypical , artist, overlooking the roofs of Paris . A charm.  Ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. 30 meters Carrez , kitchen , bathroom and bedroom equipped .	Charming 2 rooms (30m2) with exposed beams and bricks , wonderful view over the rooftops of Paris. Very cozy and fully equipped, can accommodate 2 people, ideal for a short stay in a lively area . 5 minutes of the Sacré coeur Exposed beams and bricks , the apartment is atypical , artist, overlooking the roofs of Paris . A charm.  Ideal for a romantic stay in Paris. 30 meters Carrez , kitchen , bathroom and bedroom equipped . entire apartment At the heart of the Olive village and the market of the olive,  the Indian and African quarter , this district boasts shops, cuisines from all backgrounds, with a multitude of bars and nice terrace , very close spaces green , the banks of the Loire, the cultural center of the 104 and the Bassin de la Villette . Culture, gastronomy, monuments and recreational places, my apartment is at the epicenter . 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur and Montmartre Very well connected by lines 12, 4, 2 , 10 minutes walk from Gare du Nord  and 15 minutes from the Gare
30747	Il s'agit d'un studio bien agencé, avec une cuisine ouverte. Le connexion wifi avec fibre optique est ultra rapide, et vous n'avez qu'à poser vos valises pour profiter du quartier (18e Barbès et Montmartre accessible à pied) et de tout Paris grâce à la ligne 4 qui dessert les meilleurs coins : Réaumur, Châtelet les Halles, Saint Michel, Saint Germain, Gare du nord/est/montparnasse...	Dans le quartier atypique et branché du 18e, à 50m du métro, à deux pas de Montmartre et au coeur des nouveaux endroits branchés (Brasserie Barbès, Ground Control, café Lomi...) venez profiter d'un studio très calme, lumineux et tout équipé! Il s'agit d'un studio bien agencé, avec une cuisine ouverte. Le connexion wifi avec fibre optique est ultra rapide, et vous n'avez qu'à poser vos valises pour profiter du quartier (18e Barbès et Montmartre accessible à pied) et de tout Paris grâce à la ligne 4 qui dessert les meilleurs coins : Réaumur, Châtelet les Halles, Saint Michel, Saint Germain, Gare du nord/est/montparnasse... Appartement au 4e étage, sans ascenseur, sur cour avec 2 digicodes d'entrée. Je serai constamment joignable par tel ou mail, et je réside à proximité. ligne 12 et 4 : station marcadet nombreux bus stations velib à proximité Je parle couramment italien et anglais. Je suis musicien, il y a donc une guitare et un synthé dans l'appart que vous pouvez utiliser.
30748	This appartment is equiped with a full kitchen (fridge-freezer, oven-microwave, stoves, pans, and full kitchenwares), a bed, 2 sofas (including one convertible into a bed) - I provide bedding, i.e. sheets, pillows and blanket), a bathroom with washing machine (I provide shower gel, towels, hairdryer) and toilets (with paper).  Free wifi is available. In the kitchen, you will find tea, coffee and sugar so you can relax when you arrive.  Very close to the flat, there are supermarkets (open 24/24), drugstores, a nice indoor market etc. Please do not hesitate to ask me any question or information you need to prepare your stay here and make it as comfortable as possible! I will do my best to help you. I hope to see you soon!	"Nice 30 sqm studio, at the doors of Montmartre. Situated in a calm and ancient building.  Two steps away from metro ""Marx Dormoy"", ""La Chapelle"", ""Marcadet Poissonière"", you can easily reach the very heart of Paris. This appartment is equiped with a full kitchen (fridge-freezer, oven-microwave, stoves, pans, and full kitchenwares), a bed, 2 sofas (including one convertible into a bed) - I provide bedding, i.e. sheets, pillows and blanket), a bathroom with washing machine (I provide shower gel, towels, hairdryer) and toilets (with paper).  Free wifi is available. In the kitchen, you will find tea, coffee and sugar so you can relax when you arrive.  Very close to the flat, there are supermarkets (open 24/24), drugstores, a nice indoor market etc. Please do not hesitate to ask me any question or information you need to prepare your stay here and make it as comfortable as possible! I will do my best to help you. I hope to see you soon!"
30749		The apartment is cosy situated near Montmartre in the 18 arr of Paris.  Public transports are near by and it will only take you 10 minutes to go to Les Champs Elysées riding the metro and 10 minutes walking to go Le Sacré Coeur of Montmartre.
30750	A two bedroom apartment on the third floor /no lift/ in an ethnic, multicultural area of Paris, Goutte d'Or. Ten minute walk from Gare do Nord, further fifteen minutes to Montmartre. Nearest metro - Barbès – Rochechouart or La Chapelle 40m2 3 rooms /2 bedrooms + living room/ kitchen = washing machine, dish washer, cooker, microwave;  tv, internet, wifi 1 bedroom - double bed 140cm 2 bedroom - sofa bed 120cm 	"A two bedroom apartment on the third floor /no lift/ in an ethnic, multicultural area of Paris, Goutte d'Or. Ten minute walk from Gare do Nord, further fifteen minutes to Montmartre. Nearest metro - Barbès – Rochechouart or La Chapelle A two bedroom apartment on the third floor /no lift/ in an ethnic, multicultural area of Paris, Goutte d'Or. Ten minute walk from Gare do Nord, further fifteen minutes to Montmartre. Nearest metro - Barbès – Rochechouart or La Chapelle 40m2 3 rooms /2 bedrooms + living room/ kitchen = washing machine, dish washer, cooker, microwave;  tv, internet, wifi 1 bedroom - double bed 140cm 2 bedroom - sofa bed 120cm métro La Chapelle, Gard du Nord, Barbes ""Airbnb"" encourage the hosts to charge their Guests a refundable deposit upon their arrival at the property. This provides us with security in the unlikely event there is damage to your property or its contents. so I will ask you a 500euros -  guarantee deposit /chèque de caution if you are french or cash return"
30751	The apartment : In a post-Haussmann building recently restored, our apartment offers the typical charm of Paris: hardwood floors, moldings and original fireplaces. - Yard side : a kitchen, a quiet room - Street side : a double living room with 2 balconies, possibility of an extra sleeping on the sofa bed - A bathroom with bath, separate WC Location and Transport : In less than 10 minutes walk, you reach the railway station Gare du Nord with its transport : - Metro 2, 4 and 5 - RER B, D and E - Trains outline (Eurostar, Thalys...) - Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airports in 40 minutes by RER B - Taxi - Underground parking Nearby attractions: - The picturesque Montmartre with the Sacre-Coeur, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge and Abbesses. - Le Louxor, movie palace of the '20s (neo-Egyptian architecture, reopened in early 2013) - Viaduct line 2 - The Canal Saint-Martin, the canal de l'Ourcq - Gardens : Les Jardins d'Eole, the Buttes Chaumont park in 20 minutes walk - The market Barbès, the Sa	We offer our apartment of 53m2 located in the district of La Chapelle in the 18th arrondissement of Paris . The apartment : In a post-Haussmann building recently restored, our apartment offers the typical charm of Paris: hardwood floors, moldings and original fireplaces. - Yard side : a kitchen, a quiet room - Street side : a double living room with 2 balconies, possibility of an extra sleeping on the sofa bed - A bathroom with bath, separate WC Location and Transport : In less than 10 minutes walk, you reach the railway station Gare du Nord with its transport : - Metro 2, 4 and 5 - RER B, D and E - Trains outline (Eurostar, Thalys...) - Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airports in 40 minutes by RER B - Taxi - Underground parking Nearby attractions: - The picturesque Montmartre with the Sacre-Coeur, Pigalle, Le Moulin Rouge and Abbesses. - Le Louxor, movie palace of the '20s (neo-Egyptian architecture, reopened in early 2013) - Viaduct line 2 - The Canal Saint-Martin, the canal de l'O
30752	Une porte coulissante permet à l'appartement d'être modulable. Une grande pièce la journée, et le lit en canapé. Deux pièces la nuit.  Le logement est petit (23m2) mais très bien agencé, et surtout lumineux même les jours de pluie!  Trois grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur un jardin fleuri, un calme qui contraste avec la vie du quartier. 	1 Petit 2 pièces A 10 mn à pied de Montmartre et 20 mn du canal de l'ourcq 1 quartier vivant et populaire plein de cafés branchés. 6 lignes de métro et RER pour aller au 4 coin de Paris  3 fenêtres, 1 cours fleurie, 1 douche italienne, et des livres Une porte coulissante permet à l'appartement d'être modulable. Une grande pièce la journée, et le lit en canapé. Deux pièces la nuit.  Le logement est petit (23m2) mais très bien agencé, et surtout lumineux même les jours de pluie!  Trois grandes fenêtres qui donnent sur un jardin fleuri, un calme qui contraste avec la vie du quartier. Tout le logement. Le quartier est vivant, multiculturel, il y a toujours du monde dans la rue.  C'est aussi un quartier ou l'on passe d'un univers à l'autre en quelques minutes. Les commerçants sont ouvert du lundi au dimanche et très tard dans la nuit. Et on est proche de tout! L'appartement est extrêmement bien desservi.  Proche de Gare du Nord (ligne B, D, 4, 5, 2) de Chateaurouge (ligne 4), de Marx Dormoy
30753	One large main room with queen-size bed, 2 armchairs, desk, bookshelves, wifi, large window (south-facing). Bright, beautiful bathroom (bathtub with shower; plenty of hot water). Charming, well-equipped kitchen: wood, terracotta, large table, chairs.	Charming 25m2 flat, 1 bedroom (queen-size bed), lounge, bathroom (bathtub, shower), kitchen (large fridge, freezer, stove, table, chairs). 4th floor, sunny, overlooking lively street, side view on Sacré-Coeur,  typical Paris, historic courtyard. One large main room with queen-size bed, 2 armchairs, desk, bookshelves, wifi, large window (south-facing). Bright, beautiful bathroom (bathtub with shower; plenty of hot water). Charming, well-equipped kitchen: wood, terracotta, large table, chairs. Lively, international, up-and-coming neighborhood: French, Asian, African restaurants, bars, shops, market. 2 metro stops or 10-minute walk from Gare du Nord (Eurostar, train to Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle airport). 2 metro lines (4 and 12). Several bus lines. Montmartre, shops, etc, easy walking distance. 5 minute-walk from closest metro station. 4 flights of stairs to climb: no elevator!
30754		Grand appartement, lumineux et chaleureux prêt à vous accueillir dans un quartier culturel avec ces bars, restaurants, marché couvert! Au 5e étage, vous profiterez d'une vue dégagée sur les toits de la ville.
30755	Live like a local. This slick and updated apartment features an open plan feel with many comforts.  Situated within 10 minutes of Montmatre by foot and 5 minutes from Gare du Nord, this local area is not laden with tourists.   Inside the apartment you will find a real bed, modern couch, sound system, modern fixtures and indirect lighting, dining table for 6, sofa bed, kitchen bar and stools, fridge, oven, stovetop, dishwasher, large bathroom with bath and shower, separate toilet, washing machine and dual code security. The neighbourhood is lively and multi cultural and boasts a number of exotic restaurants packed with local Parisians.  The area is densely populated with colourful nightlife that requires minimal care when taking public transport. You have a local bakery and supermarket only steps away from the front door. This calm interior and seductive design together with the deceptive spacious floor plan makes for a comfortable and stylish stay in Paris.	Live like a local. This slick and updated apartment features an open plan feel with many comforts.  Situated within 10 minutes of Montmatre by foot and 5 minutes from Gare du Nord, this local area is not laden with tourists.   Inside the apartment you will find a real bed, modern couch, sound system, modern fixtures and indirect lighting, dining table for 6, sofa bed, kitchen bar and stools, fridge, oven, stovetop, dishwasher, large bathroom with bath and shower, separate toilet, washing machine and dual code security. The neighbourhood is lively and multi cultural and boasts a number of exotic restaurants packed with local Parisians.  The area is densely populated with colourful nightlife that requires minimal care when taking public transport. You have a local bakery and supermarket only steps away from the front door. This calm interior and seductive design together with the deceptive spacious floor plan makes for a comfortable and stylish stay in Paris.
30756	Logement traversant (sur deu	Logement sur deux cours intérieures calmes à moins de 200 m de Montmartre. Couchage: 1 chambre à lit double de 140 l'autre avec 2 lits gigogne de 90, salon avec canapé lit de 140. Cuisine  équipée, hifi et wifi. L'appartement est le point de départ idéal pour découvrir Paris Logement traversant (sur deu Un placard dans chaque chambre est réservé aux hôtes. Toute. La vaisselle est disponible sur place ainsi que draps et serviettes de bain. Le wifi est accessible. Vous serez accueillis dans le logement et une liste des bons plans du quartier vous sera fournie à votre arrivée. Bien que la rue où est situé l'appartement soit calme, le quartier est extrêmement vivant. Il est à la frontière d'univers totalement différents. D'un côté, Montmartre et sa magie, de l'autre, Barbès et son animation populaire et enfin le 9 ème arrondissement, quartier plus traditionnel. Le métro Barbès est à moins de 50 mètres. De nombreux taxis circulent à proximité ce qui permet d'accéder facilement en tous point
30757		Appartement 2 pièces tout équipé dans le 18ème arrondissement de Paris. proche métro Ligne 12
30758	Trustful and delighted with the success of my first flat, I offer you this all new place which has been thought from all reviews that my guests all around the world left me. Located on the third floor of the building, this 160 square meters (1715 square feet) flat is a typical Parisian apartment with parquet, moulding and fireplaces in each room.  The apartment is decorated tastefully, elegantly and is nicely furnished, with a combination of modern & antique furniture, paintings & modern photography. It is the perfect apartment for who wants to be a Parisian for few days. The flat consists of a large entrance, a very large living room and dining room of 53 sqm, a large and fully equipped kitchen with many accessories (, four large rooms with comfortable double beds and private wardrobe (20 sqm, 18 sqm, 15 sqm and 15 sqm), two bathrooms, an independent toilet and a laundry room washing & drying. The flat is very confortable and well equipped with Wi-Fi access, TV, DVD player, Bluetooth 	160 Sqm. (1715 Sqf.), luxury, typical Parisian, spacious, until 10 people (4 bedrooms + 1 sofa), at 5 minutes walk from Montmartre Foothills. You are more than welcome as a family, a bunch of friends or four couples!    Trustful and delighted with the success of my first flat, I offer you this all new place which has been thought from all reviews that my guests all around the world left me. Located on the third floor of the building, this 160 square meters (1715 square feet) flat is a typical Parisian apartment with parquet, moulding and fireplaces in each room.  The apartment is decorated tastefully, elegantly and is nicely furnished, with a combination of modern & antique furniture, paintings & modern photography. It is the perfect apartment for who wants to be a Parisian for few days. The flat consists of a large entrance, a very large living room and dining room of 53 sqm, a large and fully equipped kitchen with many accessories (, four large rooms with comfortable double beds and 
30759	Close to markets, transports and interests.	Studette entièrement équipée située au 1er étage d'un petit immeuble de 2 étages accueille voyageur seul ou jeune couple. Les transports sont proches et les commerces nombreux dans un quartier très vivant. Les points d'intérêt accessibles à pied sont Montmartre et Pigalle. Close to markets, transports and interests. Wifi Guest can call us by phone. We're live close to the appartment Market place Metro and Bus
30760		Confortable 2 pièces de 40m2 refait à neuf avec un charme cosy  (parquet au sol, belle hauteur sous plafond et grande chambres).  L'appartement est au 2eme étage et équipes d'un lave linge, d'une climatisation, d'un grand lit king et un accès wiffi
30761	** HOLIDAYS IN PARIS DOWNTOWN ** Lovely 2 bedrooms LOFT (70m²) + 2 privates patios inside the flat (8m²). Ideally located : 12min walking from Montmartre area with all the restaurants, bars, shops and anything you might wish. Mixed and lively neighborhood. Metro Château Rouge (line 4) & Metro Marcadet-Poissoniers (line 12). 2 minutes walking from metro, bakery and supermarket. Very closed to Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys) and Gare de l'Est. 40 minutes from PARIS CDG Airport by Taxi - - Details of the flat :  Renovated apartment in May 2014Very pretty apartment 70m² very quiet and design. Ideally to visit Paris, this flat is 15min walk away from 'La Basilique du Sacré Cœur, Montmartre'. Stone wall in the bathroom, wooden beam in the 2 bedrooms. There are 2 interiors privates patio (4m² each) with a little table. You can easaly have diner or lunch outside if the weather is good! There are 2 bedrooms, a large living room with open kitchen (34m²). The room area is very quiet : it looks li	** HOLIDAYS IN PARIS DOWNTOWN ** Lovely 2 bedrooms LOFT (70m²) + 2 privates patios inside the flat (8m²). Ideally located : 12min walking from Montmartre area. IDEAL FOR A FAMILY OR FRIENDS ** HOLIDAYS IN PARIS DOWNTOWN ** Lovely 2 bedrooms LOFT (70m²) + 2 privates patios inside the flat (8m²). Ideally located : 12min walking from Montmartre area with all the restaurants, bars, shops and anything you might wish. Mixed and lively neighborhood. Metro Château Rouge (line 4) & Metro Marcadet-Poissoniers (line 12). 2 minutes walking from metro, bakery and supermarket. Very closed to Gare du Nord (Eurostar, Thalys) and Gare de l'Est. 40 minutes from PARIS CDG Airport by Taxi - - Details of the flat :  Renovated apartment in May 2014Very pretty apartment 70m² very quiet and design. Ideally to visit Paris, this flat is 15min walk away from 'La Basilique du Sacré Cœur, Montmartre'. Stone wall in the bathroom, wooden beam in the 2 bedrooms. There are 2 interiors privates patio (4m² each) with a 
30762	Petit appartement situé plein est, avec soleil une bonne partie de la journée, une cour calme avec un grand cerisier qui fleurit au printemps.	Petit appartement situé plein est, avec soleil une bonne partie de la journée, une cour calme avec un grand cerisier qui fleurit au printemps. Ligne de métro Barbès / Anvers a quelques mètres, ligne de bus également très proche. Tous les commerces possibles à quelques mètres! Nous aimerions si possible connaître nos invités avant de leur laisser les clefs de notre appart'! Quartier cosmopolite à la frontière de la goutte d'or et de Montmartre, à quelques pas du Sacré-cœur.  Métro / bus sont situés à quelques pas.
30763	Studio avec terrasse dans résidence privée et vue sur cour, calme assuré.  Capacité de trois couchages dont un lit double sur une mezzanine. La salle de bain avec toilettes comporte une petite baignoire. La cuisine est équipée du gaz, un double évier, un four, une table dépliante, un réfrigérateur et tout le nécessaire pour des repas à plusieurs! Coin salon avec canapé et télé. 	Studio de 22m2 avec terrasse,  dans le 18e arrondissement de Paris à 20 minutes à pieds de Montmartre. Quartier vivant et agréable à vivre, proximité de nombreux commerces. Studio avec terrasse dans résidence privée et vue sur cour, calme assuré.  Capacité de trois couchages dont un lit double sur une mezzanine. La salle de bain avec toilettes comporte une petite baignoire. La cuisine est équipée du gaz, un double évier, un four, une table dépliante, un réfrigérateur et tout le nécessaire pour des repas à plusieurs! Coin salon avec canapé et télé.  Le logement est équipé d'un lave-linge, d'internet, d'une grande penderie pour ranger les vêtements, literie et serviettes disponibles. Voisins agréables et compréhensifs en cas de bruit à condition de les prévenir :)  Le quartier est très vivant et agréable à vivre. Sont à disposition de nombreux commerces ouverts tous les jours de la semaine et tard le soir, les restaurants ne manquent pas non plus, pas de problème de sécurité le soir; l'a
30764		Welcome to my beautiful appartment at the foothill of Montmartre, 5 minute walk from the Sacre Coeur. It is comfy, luminous and very quiet. The location is perfect to discover Montmartre and Paris since one of the main subway line is 50m away.
30765		You'll be welcome in my 25 Smeters studio all furnished (
30766	Canal + Bein Wifi Baignoire Balcon Lave vaisselle Lave et sèche linge Serviettes Draps Metro marcadet	Canal + Bein Wifi Baignoire Balcon Lave vaisselle Lave et sèche linge Serviettes Draps Metro marcadet
30767	Enjoy my flat when I'm away for holidays! Near Montmartre, in the middle of the virbrant Marx Dormoy neigbourhood, this cosy and brand new apartment (44m², 2d floor) in a safe apartment block will charm you. The apartment is well equiped with a living room with 2 big windows, a sofa, TV, one table and two chairs, a very functional kitchen (owen, fridge, micro wave, and everything), with a counter and two chairs. The large bathroom includes toilets, bath, towel warmer, and a washing machine you can use as you want. I leave some room in the bathroom so that you can put your things. The separated bedroom gets one large bed for two (160x200), with fresh sheets, one desk, and one bench seat so that you can put your things as you want, and one big window. You will enjoy this very silent place while you are in the heart of Paris, in a multicultural quarter, perfectly located, with bus and underground lines few steps away. It is the perfect place for couple, tourists or firends who want to vis	Get this lovely, modern flat in a vibrant neighbourhood near Montmartre. Quiet and confortable, you will enjoy your stay for sure ! My appartement includes 1 room, 1 large living room with a big sofa, and a with fully equiped kitchen.  Enjoy my flat when I'm away for holidays! Near Montmartre, in the middle of the virbrant Marx Dormoy neigbourhood, this cosy and brand new apartment (44m², 2d floor) in a safe apartment block will charm you. The apartment is well equiped with a living room with 2 big windows, a sofa, TV, one table and two chairs, a very functional kitchen (owen, fridge, micro wave, and everything), with a counter and two chairs. The large bathroom includes toilets, bath, towel warmer, and a washing machine you can use as you want. I leave some room in the bathroom so that you can put your things. The separated bedroom gets one large bed for two (160x200), with fresh sheets, one desk, and one bench seat so that you can put your things as you want, and one big window. You 
30768		Looking for a romantic & sunny place for your stay in Paris ? Our fully furnished flat, suitable for a couple is located down the Montmartre Hill, 10 minutes walking from the Sacré-Coeur. You can reach any area in Paris, using the metro. Enjoy!   
30769	Nice and cozy apartment (65m2) near Montmartre, in a awesome place to visit Paris and to have fun.  Just next to the metro (line 12 and 4) and at 10 minutes of walk of Gare du Nord (Eurostar, RER B from Roissy Airport and Orly Airport). One big bedroom with a king-size bed. Very quiet and peaceful.  A double living room (30m2) with a comfortable sofa bed. Very bright.  A desk and a free wi-fi connection.  Vintage table to eat at 4 or 6 Bathroom with shower, washing machine. WC are separated.  And a very nice kitchen with fridge, oven and wash disches.  The apartment is located in the north part of Montmartre. You can easily take a relaxing bike ride to the most famous places of Paris (Montmartre, Châtelet, Quartier Latin, Louvre etc...).  If you prefer, you can just take the metro to visit.  At 3 minutes of your location, you will find a supermarket, a daily organic market and lot of restaurant and bar to taste french specialities and especially french red wines.  Hope you will enjoy P	Nice and cozy apartment (65m2) near Montmartre, in a awesome place to visit Paris and to have fun.  Just next to the metro (line 12 and 4) and at 10 minutes of walk of Gare du Nord (Eurostar, RER B from Roissy Airport and Orly Airport). One big bedroom with a king-size bed. Very quiet and peaceful.  A double living room (30m2) with a comfortable sofa bed. Very bright.  A desk and a free wi-fi connection.  Vintage table to eat at 4 or 6 Bathroom with shower, washing machine. WC are separated.  And a very nice kitchen with fridge, oven and wash disches.  The apartment is located in the north part of Montmartre. You can easily take a relaxing bike ride to the most famous places of Paris (Montmartre, Châtelet, Quartier Latin, Louvre etc...).  If you prefer, you can just take the metro to visit.  At 3 minutes of your location, you will find a supermarket, a daily organic market and lot of restaurant and bar to taste french specialities and especially french red wines.  Hope you will enjoy P
30770	The flat is quiet, restful and full of light. It can sleep up to 4 adults or 2 adults and a child. It is atypical, has a real garden and has been freshly renovated in 2013.  You will appreciate the small garden we have on the 5th floor, it's so good to eat outside during summer! We have table and chairs and deckchairs. Having a garden is really inestimate in Paris. The flat is also really sunny with big windows. It's a duplex, on the first floor (wich is actually the 5th floor) we have the kitchen (pictures to come), the living room, the dinning room, a toilet and the garden. Upstairs we have 2 bedrooms (one of them is a child bedroom), a toilet and 2 bathrooms. there is also a big balcony upstairs.	Really nice spaceful, bright and freshly renovated Duplex. A small garden were you can eat and rest, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Perfect for a family ! 8 min from Montmartre. The flat is quiet, restful and full of light. It can sleep up to 4 adults or 2 adults and a child. It is atypical, has a real garden and has been freshly renovated in 2013.  You will appreciate the small garden we have on the 5th floor, it's so good to eat outside during summer! We have table and chairs and deckchairs. Having a garden is really inestimate in Paris. The flat is also really sunny with big windows. It's a duplex, on the first floor (wich is actually the 5th floor) we have the kitchen (pictures to come), the living room, the dinning room, a toilet and the garden. Upstairs we have 2 bedrooms (one of them is a child bedroom), a toilet and 2 bathrooms. there is also a big balcony upstairs. The is situated in the heart of a historic, lively folk district. You will find restaurants and shops open at any ti
30771	"Immeuble neuf, construit en 2013, tout confort  machine à laver, lit deux places, TV, wifi, placards intégrés, vaisselle, draps et serviettes inclus. Balcon côté cour Je vous conseille de tester le bar à bon EN VRAC situé Rue de l'Olive et de passer prendre un verre et écouter de la musique dans ce nouveau bar branché ""Les Petites Gouttes"". Entre Montmartre et le Canal de l'Ourcq, de belles balades au programme. Le métro se situe à 3 min de l'appartement pour vous déplacer facilement dans Paris. Métro 12, arrêt Marx Dormoy Lignes de bus : 60, 35, 65 Proche Gare du Nord Proche Montmartre"	In a changing neighborhood , few meters from the covered market of the rue de l'Olive , enjoy the excitement of Paris staying in a nice and quiet studio. 23sqm studio in for 2 people  + balcony.
30772	Charmant 3 pièces dans un immeuble ancien et bien entretenu. Proche de Montmartre et de la Gare du Nord, de commerces de bouche pour découvrir le monde et les finesses de la gastronomie traditionnelle, de lieux culturels et de jardins. 1 chambre adulte avec lit 2 places 1 canapé-lit 2 places confortable dans le salon 1 chambre enfants avec lit bébé et lit enfant Idéal pour découvrir Paris en famille ! Lovely 2-bedroom in classic Parisian building near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. You'll enjoy the may local world food joints as well as gourmet stores, cultural venues and gardens. 1 bedroom w/king size bed 1 sofa bed in the living room 1 kids bedroom with baby bed and child bed Ideal for family time in Paris!	Charming traditional Parisian flat in dynamic neighborhood near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. 1 adult bedroom, 1 living-room w/sofa bed, 1 children bedroom (1 baby, 1 child). Easy transportation, balcony. Charmant 3 pièces dans un immeuble ancien et bien entretenu. Proche de Montmartre et de la Gare du Nord, de commerces de bouche pour découvrir le monde et les finesses de la gastronomie traditionnelle, de lieux culturels et de jardins. 1 chambre adulte avec lit 2 places 1 canapé-lit 2 places confortable dans le salon 1 chambre enfants avec lit bébé et lit enfant Idéal pour découvrir Paris en famille ! Lovely 2-bedroom in classic Parisian building near Montmartre and Gare du Nord. You'll enjoy the may local world food joints as well as gourmet stores, cultural venues and gardens. 1 bedroom w/king size bed 1 sofa bed in the living room 1 kids bedroom with baby bed and child bed Ideal for family time in Paris! Wi-fi, lave-linge, piano, livres, DVD, musique. Wi-fi, washing machine, piano, 
30773	In the apartment, you will have superfast 100MB per sec internet access, either via WiFi or the spare laptop connected to a TV screen for all your movie cravings. The toilet and shower are separate as well as the kitchen where you have access to a cooker, oven and microwave, blender and centrifugal juicer along with the washing machine. The main living space also has a big wardrobe with ample space for all your luggage and a very comfortable sofa bed with a good quality mattress.	Traditional apartment in a great location in Paris, bordering the 17th, 9th and 18th! Off the busy Place de Clichy looking on to a quiet closed street. Less than a 100 metres from the metro station. Close to all the hip bars and restaurants. In the apartment, you will have superfast 100MB per sec internet access, either via WiFi or the spare laptop connected to a TV screen for all your movie cravings. The toilet and shower are separate as well as the kitchen where you have access to a cooker, oven and microwave, blender and centrifugal juicer along with the washing machine. The main living space also has a big wardrobe with ample space for all your luggage and a very comfortable sofa bed with a good quality mattress. I will be easily contactable and will be happy to help in any way! The apartment itself is located in a great area if you are interested in the arts, restaurants, cinema, wine bars and only a short walking distance form the Moulin Rouge, Sacre Coeur, Parc Monceau to name o
30774	Logement de charme situé dans un passage perpendiculaire à l' avenue de Clichy. Un magasin de piano situé dans le passage qui permet d 'écouter des airs de musique avec la fenêtre ouverte.  Un emplacement idéal près de tout. Parquet, coin bar , grande baignoire et lumineux.	Bonjour à tous,  Venez découvrir ce charmant studio situé au 3ème étage d 'un passage de charme.  A 2 minutes de la Place de Clichy et à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Calme et lumineux, proche de tous commerces. Canapé lit, coin bar, frigidaire. Logement de charme situé dans un passage perpendiculaire à l' avenue de Clichy. Un magasin de piano situé dans le passage qui permet d 'écouter des airs de musique avec la fenêtre ouverte.  Un emplacement idéal près de tout. Parquet, coin bar , grande baignoire et lumineux. Vous aurez accès à tout le studio. Et même au coin rangement ( avec DVD à visionner si vous le souhaitez. Je mettrai à votre disposition une liste de tous les endroits ( restaurants, bars, parcs, choses à voir, boite de nuit ) dans le quartier selon vos envies. La place de Clichy est un lieu central à Paris. Il y a de nombreux quartiers qui l 'entourent avec des ambiances différentes.  Montmartre qui fait village, Pigalle pour son ambiance festive, les puces de Saint ouen
30775	Our flat is a spacious 2 br apartment. It is on the 7th floor of a typical parisian 1930's building and is thus full of light. The whole flat is brand new and fully equiped, modern style. The kitchen is really comfortable for people who like to cook (which is our case !) and communicates directly with the living room. The bathroom has an italian shower. The living room is really comfortable and offers a nice view on the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). The flat can host 4 people, 2 sleeping in the bed in the large bedroom and 2 on a very high quality airbed (which is very comfortable). There is a small balcony, on which you will be able to enjoy having breakfast or dinner when the weather is nice. There is a caretaker in the building. She is very nice and always happy to help, with anything. The neighborhood is quite popular and really nice to live in. There are plenty of restaurants and stores to find food from all over the world within a walking distance. The building is right next to the s	Our flat is a spacious 2 br apartment. It is on the 7th floor of a typical parisian 1930's building and is thus full of light. The whole flat is brand new and fully equiped, modern style. The kitchen is really comfortable for people who like to cook (which is our case !) and communicates directly with the living room. The bathroom has an italian shower. The living room is really comfortable and offers a nice view on the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre). The flat can host 4 people, 2 sleeping in the bed in the large bedroom and 2 on a very high quality airbed (which is very comfortable). There is a small balcony, on which you will be able to enjoy having breakfast or dinner when the weather is nice. There is a caretaker in the building. She is very nice and always happy to help, with anything. The neighborhood is quite popular and really nice to live in. There are plenty of restaurants and stores to find food from all over the world within a walking distance. The building is right next to the s
30776	Appartement 2 pièces, (dont un séjour double et chambre), traversant, meublé, sans vis-à-vis,  très confortable, très lumineux, exposé est/ouest,  situé au quatrième étage d’un immeuble donnant sur une rue calme, en limite du quartier de la Goutte d’Or, entre Montmartre (10 à 15 min à pied) et le canal Saint-Martin (15 min). Il se prête parfaitement à des séjours en amoureux, en famille, entre amis. Idéal pour 2 jusqu’à 4 personnes. Mon appartement est composé d’une chambre confortable (lit double), lumineuse, d’un agréable salon/salle à manger avec cuisine américaine fonctionnelle et équipée, également très lumineux et d’une salle de bain avec WC. 	The district is boho, popular and very pleasant at the same time. It offers numerous shopping places, shops where to find ingredients of the whole world ( Indian, Chinese, African food), a very nice market place, the Market of the Olive, in 2 min on foot. The offer in transport public is varied: stations of subway, RER (REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK), bus, Vélib ' nearby: - metro station Marx Dormoy, on line 12 which links very easily all Paris: Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur, Madeleine, Saint Lazare, Department stores, the Musée d'Orsay,  Montparnasse - metro station La Chapelle, on line 2, in the direction of Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge, the Champs-Elysées and connected to the RER B station of Gare du Nord, towards airports Charles de Gaulle and Orly - metro stations  Marcadet Poissonniers and Barbès, on line 4, towards Châtelet, Les Halles, the Georges Pompidou Center, the district “Le Marais”, Odeon, the Left bank, Montparnasse 
30777	"Plein de charme, accueillant, bien entretenu, propre, disposant de tout le confort ""comme à la maison"""	"Je propose une chambre dans appartement composé de 3 pièces. Cuisine bien équipée incluant un lave linge séchant, lave vaisselle, micro onde/four, et petit électroménager. proximité plusieurs lignes de métro et train. À deux pas de Montmartre. Linge et draps fournis Plein de charme, accueillant, bien entretenu, propre, disposant de tout le confort ""comme à la maison"" L'ensemble des équipements électroménager  Draps et serviettes  Épices et vaisselles pour cuisiner Je propose selon la demande des voyageurs: une découverte d'un quartier parisien au choix Une balade dans Paris en voiture  Une excursion en région Parisienne Service personnel shoper Un repas fait maison : cuisine marocaine, française et Italienne  Découverte d'un atelier d'artiste Quartier animé bien desservi par les transports en commun  Très proche du quartier Montmartre Plein d'ateliers d'artistes se trouvant dans ce quartier Ligne de métro : 4, 12, 3 RER: B, C et D Bus : (phone number hidden) Je peux proposer un service"
30778	Located in the TOURISTIC area of MONTMARTRE with many sites to visit around, the apartment is very comfy and ideal for 2 people.   It is bright and calm with South-West view on a private green courtyard.  You will appreciate the proximity of many FOOD STORES / SUPERMARKETS, ARTISAN & TRENDY SHOPS, the vast choice of BARS & RESTAURANTS, several UNDERGROUND LINES (n° 2, 4 and 12), RER lines (B and D, direct to CDG airport), TRAIN-STATIONS Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Located on 3rd and last floor with ELEVATOR, my apartment has INTERNET, TV, DVD player, FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN (2 burners, microwave, water boiler, italian coffee maker, toaster), WASHER and flatiron, DRESSING with mirrors, classy modern bathroom with BATHTUB, bed linens, blankets, pillows,  towels, etc. It is a modern flat, very clean and maintained with care. 	Dream location: touristic Montmartre, 3 subway lines & 2 train stations Quiet & sunny: SW view on private green court  Separate kitchen  Fully equipped: wifi tv washer burners microwave toaster boiler coffee-maker bathtub dressing intercom Lift Located in the TOURISTIC area of MONTMARTRE with many sites to visit around, the apartment is very comfy and ideal for 2 people.   It is bright and calm with South-West view on a private green courtyard.  You will appreciate the proximity of many FOOD STORES / SUPERMARKETS, ARTISAN & TRENDY SHOPS, the vast choice of BARS & RESTAURANTS, several UNDERGROUND LINES (n° 2, 4 and 12), RER lines (B and D, direct to CDG airport), TRAIN-STATIONS Gare du Nord and Gare de l'Est. Located on 3rd and last floor with ELEVATOR, my apartment has INTERNET, TV, DVD player, FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN (2 burners, microwave, water boiler, italian coffee maker, toaster), WASHER and flatiron, DRESSING with mirrors, classy modern bathroom with BATHTUB, bed linens, blankets,
30779	appartement très sympa, bien décoré, cosy, lumineux donnant sur cour tranquille, fenêtres dans toutes les pièces... équipé de tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un agréable séjour	Loue  beau F2 45 m², lumineux au 5ème  étage sans ascenseur. Situé à 2 mn du métro château rouge , à 10 mn de Montmartre, station velib en bas de l'immeuble. Plein de commerces à proximité. capacité couchage 3 personnes. 55 euros/nuit, 400/semaine appartement très sympa, bien décoré, cosy, lumineux donnant sur cour tranquille, fenêtres dans toutes les pièces... équipé de tout ce qu'il faut pour passer un agréable séjour accès à tout l’appartement excepté une penderie fermée à clés je reste en général dans les alentours à Paris sauf au cours de l'été où je peux être amenée à bouger. Je reste toutefois disponible par téléphone et je donne toujours une clés à mes parents ou amis qui sont juste à coté et peuvent se rendre disponible en cas de soucis Venez chez moi et vous passerez à coup sûr un bon séjour...l'appartement est charmant et pratique et le quartier très vivant, animé et exotique...un vrai voyage en plein paris
30780	Our extremely luminous 110 metre square loft with 6 meter high ceilings is very well situated as it is less than a ten minute walk from Montmartre and on the lines 4 and 5 of the metro. Wifi, dishwasher, washer-dryer, oven, cable tv.	Our two room apartment is located in a great neighbourhood with wonderful food stores, a beautiful market a step away, great restaurants and bars. A 15 minute walk from Montmartre and the Canal de l'Ourq. We love it here! Our extremely luminous 110 metre square loft with 6 meter high ceilings is very well situated as it is less than a ten minute walk from Montmartre and on the lines 4 and 5 of the metro. Wifi, dishwasher, washer-dryer, oven, cable tv. Feel free to contact me with any questions A 3 minute walk from the Marx Dormoy station on Line 12
30781		Au pied de Montmartre et de sa Basilique, à deux pas du métro et de la Gare du Nord dans un quartier cosmopolite et animé, un appartement douillet et lumineux avec cuisine toute équipée (four,lave-linge,wifi,micro-onde..) qui donne sur cour calme.
30782		Joli appartement au 5ème étage sans ascenseur.  Très lumineux, vous disposerez d'une chambre séparée (lit 2 personnes) , d'une salle de bain/wc et d'un salon (avec kitchenette) disposant d'un couchage supplémentaire (BZ) pour 2 personnes.
30783	The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this eclectic Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The Apartment  also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea	"This snazzy apt is located right in the heart of the 18th ""arrondissement"", better known for its historic Montmartre. Also, the apt is fully-equipped with everything you will need and includes our 24/7 virtual concierge & local hospitality service. The place has everything - crisp linen, towels, kitchenware, coffee and more. We, Flatbook, manage this eclectic Parisian flat. We are the leading managers and curators of unique apartments, condos and houses to book for a night or a year, in North America, Europe and Asia. If you're looking for a place in another neighbourhood, or in another style, or with more or less bedrooms - get in touch and we'll find what's right for you. The Apartment  also comes with: - Linens - Towels - High-speed wireless internet - Shampoo, body soap and hand soap - Fully equipped kitchen - Coffee maker and water kettle - Complimentary coffee & tea Our goal is to make sure you feel at home while you're staying with us so please enjoy the entire space and all of "
30784	Charming, cosy and bright apartment in the multicultural and lively district of Chateau-rouge.  the apartment is 60 sqm big and sleeps 4 (even 5 on the couch) persons comfortably. - two large bedrooms with bigs and comfortables double beds - One large living room  - Equipped kitchen  - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower  - dining room with a large table  - wifi and soundsystem	A  60 m² flat, sunny, comfortable, and well-equipped. It has everything you need to feel at home! There is two rooms equipped with 2 double beds.  5 mn near Montmatre and Sacré-Coeur, 2 mn from metro Chateau-Rouge or Barbes. Charming, cosy and bright apartment in the multicultural and lively district of Chateau-rouge.  the apartment is 60 sqm big and sleeps 4 (even 5 on the couch) persons comfortably. - two large bedrooms with bigs and comfortables double beds - One large living room  - Equipped kitchen  - Bathroom with a bath-up/shower  - dining room with a large table  - wifi and soundsystem The flat is ideally located in a very lively and artistic neighborhood of central Paris, with convenient access to metro stations and bus lines. Should you have questions or concerns, please contact me. I also love giving some tips about good places to go out in the neighborhood! It's really lively, multicultural, and with a lot of bars, restaurants and shops! Transports metro line 4 (stop Chatea
30785	A real tree inside the living room...in Paris yes ! Have some plants to apease yourself.  Volume, space, calm, what do you need more ? :)	"High ceiling, you'll feel relax. Close to Gare du Nord, at 3 min from the Line 2, 10 min walks from Montmartre, 10 min from the best picnic (canal de l'Ourcq), 10 min from Gare du Nord, etc etc.  My flat is well equipped (really :)) A real tree inside the living room...in Paris yes ! Have some plants to apease yourself.  Volume, space, calm, what do you need more ? :) Every room will be accessible but one, my tiny office (it will be open but the door close. I'll use it to put stuffs you won""t need during your stay). M2 or M 12 at 5 min - RER B at 7 min and M4 and M5 at 10 min"
30786	Location uniquement à la semaine.	Appartement traversant, lumineux, au calme, dans un quartier plein d'animation. Peut loger 3 personnes. Proche du métro, et d'une borne vélib vous pourrez vous déplacer très facilement. Commodités et restaurants à deux pas. Parking fermé pour voiture Location uniquement à la semaine. Quartier haut en couleur, toujours animé, je m'y déplace en toute sécurité même seule et tard. Montmartre est à deux pas, avec tout le charme que l'on connait à ce quartier. Proche des gares de l'est et du nord (direct depuis le métro) A 5 minutes à pied du métro (lignes 12 et 4), et d'une borne Vélib
30787	Ce bel appartement clair et calme, meublé avec goût, peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. Il dispose de deux chambres séparées dont les lits seront faits à votre arrivée (un lit de 180x200 et un canapé-lit très confortable de 140x200), ainsi qu'une salle de bain attenante (baignoire).  La petite cuisine est équipée de 4 feux de cuisson au gaz, frigo, four combiné, bouilloire, grille-pain et machine à café. Les assiettes, verres, couverts et ustensiles seront à votre disposition. Dans le salon, une grande table en verre et quatre chaises vous permettront de déjeuner tranquillement (les petits-déjeuner se prennent au soleil, l'appartement est orienté plein Est!). Un grand canapé et deux fauteuils vous donneront l'occasion de vous relaxer en fin de journée. 	Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à 10 minutes de la Gare du Nord, notre grand appartement de 80 m2 vous offrira un pied à terre agréable, calme et pratique pour vos séjours parisiens. Ce bel appartement clair et calme, meublé avec goût, peut accueillir jusqu'à quatre personnes. Il dispose de deux chambres séparées dont les lits seront faits à votre arrivée (un lit de 180x200 et un canapé-lit très confortable de 140x200), ainsi qu'une salle de bain attenante (baignoire).  La petite cuisine est équipée de 4 feux de cuisson au gaz, frigo, four combiné, bouilloire, grille-pain et machine à café. Les assiettes, verres, couverts et ustensiles seront à votre disposition. Dans le salon, une grande table en verre et quatre chaises vous permettront de déjeuner tranquillement (les petits-déjeuner se prennent au soleil, l'appartement est orienté plein Est!). Un grand canapé et deux fauteuils vous donneront l'occasion de vous relaxer en fin de journée. Vous aurez accès au Wifi dans tout l'appartemen
30788	Appartement confortable et très lumineux, entièrement refait à neuf, 62m2 avec balcons chambre+salon, dans une belle rue pavée et tranquille à proximité de La Chapelle/Gare du Nord, avec vues dégagées sur l'Église Saint-Bernard d'un côté, le square Alain Bashung de l'autre... Machine à laver, lave-vaisselle... et grosse discothèque + livres et DVDthèque. Convient à une famille de trois voir 4 personnes (chambre avec lit 2 places avec literie haut de gamme + canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon).	Big flat, newly redone, 10 minutes walk from Montmartre with a sunny balcony :) Comfortable, quiet and very bright, 60m2 with balcony, spacious living room/dining room ( 2 double beds), in a cobblestone street ! Ideally located for public transports. Appartement confortable et très lumineux, entièrement refait à neuf, 62m2 avec balcons chambre+salon, dans une belle rue pavée et tranquille à proximité de La Chapelle/Gare du Nord, avec vues dégagées sur l'Église Saint-Bernard d'un côté, le square Alain Bashung de l'autre... Machine à laver, lave-vaisselle... et grosse discothèque + livres et DVDthèque. Convient à une famille de trois voir 4 personnes (chambre avec lit 2 places avec literie haut de gamme + canapé-lit 2 places dans le salon). dernier etage Chateau rouge- Barbes / Ethnic district very easy / line 2 , line 4 less than 5 minutes walk !
30789	"Au premier étage d'un immeuble standing neuf (2014) avec accès sécurisé (digicode et visiophone) et ascenseur, découvrez le calme de ce studio sans vis-à-vis. Séjour/chambre - Salon avec banquette confortable, fauteuil et écran HD 46"" - Le soir venu, l'armoire-lit se déploie en quelques secondes pour laisser place à un vrai lit avec matelas super confort de 140x200 cm. Cuisine équipée  - Réfrigérateur de taille moyenne avec compartiment congélation - Four électrique, deux plaques gaz, hotte - Bouilloire, grille-pain Salle de douche - Grande douche carrelée avec jet pluie - Lave-linge 5 kg dissimulé sous plan de toilette et étendoir"	"A 10 minutes à pied de la Gare du Nord, dans un immeuble de standing, studio de 30 m² sur cour sans vis-à-vis. Appartement design, très calme et confortable. Au premier étage d'un immeuble standing neuf (2014) avec accès sécurisé (digicode et visiophone) et ascenseur, découvrez le calme de ce studio sans vis-à-vis. Séjour/chambre - Salon avec banquette confortable, fauteuil et écran HD 46"" - Le soir venu, l'armoire-lit se déploie en quelques secondes pour laisser place à un vrai lit avec matelas super confort de 140x200 cm. Cuisine équipée  - Réfrigérateur de taille moyenne avec compartiment congélation - Four électrique, deux plaques gaz, hotte - Bouilloire, grille-pain Salle de douche - Grande douche carrelée avec jet pluie - Lave-linge 5 kg dissimulé sous plan de toilette et étendoir Pendant votre séjour, vous pourrez communiquer avec moi par téléphone, whatsapp et email. L'immeuble est en face de Hôtel Kube (possibilité de réserver une table ou le bar réfrigéré sans y loger) et du "
30790		       2 pièces, Paris 18ème,  juste à coté du métro Marx Dormoy. Situé sur cour, très calme. Chambre avec grand lit, cuisine aménagée, salle de bain avec baignoire, machine à laver, connexion wifi. Proche commerce, métro, marché de l'olive.
30791	Ce studio très fonctionnel est parfait comme pied à terre pour découvrir Paris. Il est clair, calme, très bien situé ( 10 minutes des Champs Élysées ou Châtelet ) et tout le monde s'accorde à dire qu'on s'y sent comme chez soi!	Bienvenu chez moi! Joli petit appartement clair, très lumineux avec parquet, tomettes et poutres apparentes.  Idéal pour couple ou 2 ami(e)s au milieu d'un quartier animé, à deux pas de Montmartre, boutiques et métros ne sont qu'à 1 minute à pieds! Ce studio très fonctionnel est parfait comme pied à terre pour découvrir Paris. Il est clair, calme, très bien situé ( 10 minutes des Champs Élysées ou Châtelet ) et tout le monde s'accorde à dire qu'on s'y sent comme chez soi! L'appartement est disponible à tous points de vue. L'appartement se situe au milieu d'un quartier très animé , en face du Théâtre des Bouffes du Nord, à quelques minutes à peine de Montmartre ainsi que du Canal Saint-Martin ( République ) et du Canal de l'Ourcq ( la Villlette - Paris plage l'été  ).   Accessible par Métro La Chappelle ( ligne 2 ) ou Gare du Nord ( ligne 2, 4, 5 - RER B direct depuis aéroport Charles de Gaulle ) 
30792	Cet appartement de 80 m2 est lumineux et donne à la fois sur la rue et sur une jolie cour. Il est composé de 3 pièces (2 chambres, 1 double-salon, dont une partie sert de chambre car elle est isolée par une porte vitrée avec stores et équipée d’un canapé convertible, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de bain, des WC indépendants) et peut héberger jusqu’à 6 personnes. Charme de l’ancien : Parquet, cheminées, moulures. Les 2 chambres donnent sur la cour donc sont très calmes, elles sont chacunes équipées d’un lavabo. La chambre parentale offre un lit double queen size avec un matelas très confortable et une grande capacité de rangement. La deuxième chambre prévue pour un enfant peut-être transformée et adaptée pour un adulte. Elle comprend un équipement complet pour bébé (lit à barreaux, table à langer, grand placard, jouets, petite baignoire avec transat de bain, tapis anti-dérapant, chauffe-biberon, poussette canne, poussette avec cosy, siège-auto, nacelle, chaise haute, tra	Nous vous proposons un bel appartement haussmannien dans un immeuble calme. Idéalement situé dans le 10ème  arrondissement de Paris, proche de Montmartre et du centre, cet appartement est parfait pour une famille, un groupe d’amis ou simplement un couple voulant un cadre agréable. Cet appartement de 80 m2 est lumineux et donne à la fois sur la rue et sur une jolie cour. Il est composé de 3 pièces (2 chambres, 1 double-salon, dont une partie sert de chambre car elle est isolée par une porte vitrée avec stores et équipée d’un canapé convertible, une cuisine ouverte sur le séjour, une salle de bain, des WC indépendants) et peut héberger jusqu’à 6 personnes. Charme de l’ancien : Parquet, cheminées, moulures. Les 2 chambres donnent sur la cour donc sont très calmes, elles sont chacunes équipées d’un lavabo. La chambre parentale offre un lit double queen size avec un matelas très confortable et une grande capacité de rangement. La deuxième chambre prévue pour un enfant peut-être transformée 
30793	Situé dans un immeuble de 3 étages au dernier étages.  L'appartement est calme avec une vue dégagée sur une cours intérieur.  Pas de bruits à part ceux des oiseaux, il est idéale pour famille ou meme amis qui veulent être à Paris mais avoir un cadre tranquille sans pollution et nuisance sonore.  	Jolie T3 dans le 18eme, tout équipé : 2 chambres  (1 lit double)  1 salle de bain avec wc 1 cuisine avec machine à laver 1 salon (sofa 1 personne)  L'appartement a une capacité de 5 personnes max, 50m2 au 3étages Situé dans un immeuble de 3 étages au dernier étages.  L'appartement est calme avec une vue dégagée sur une cours intérieur.  Pas de bruits à part ceux des oiseaux, il est idéale pour famille ou meme amis qui veulent être à Paris mais avoir un cadre tranquille sans pollution et nuisance sonore. à tout l'ensemble de l'appartement. Quartier populaire, et agréable, restaurants et bars bon et pas cher situé à proximités de Montmartre et du canal de l'ourcq, Galeries d'artiste, marché couvert, brocante c'est un quartier vivant avec toujours un commerce ouvert n'importe l'heure et le jours. 1 Metro Marx dormoy ligne 12 1 Metro La Chapelle Ligne 2 5 bus  tramway
30794		Charment appartement dans le 18 ieme, au 2 ieme étage, de 36 mètre carre.  Non loin de Montmartre , une chambre à part et un clic clac au salon donc maximum 4 personnes son accepter. Il donne sur cour, il n'y a donc aucun bruit..
30795	C'est un logement calme et spacieux de 70 m2, chacune des pièces est grande, ce qui est rare à Paris. Il y a du parquet au sol et des vis-à-vis quasi inexistants. Le soleil rentre dans le salon et l'une des chambres jusqu'à 11h le matin. Il y a deux chambres, chacune possède un lit double, l'un de 160cm, l'autre de 140cm. Le canapé du salon est convertible en lit double.	Au cœur du quartier pittoresque et populaire de la goutte d'or, l'appartement est situé dans un îlot de calme autour de l'église St Bernard. C'est un trois pièces de 70m2, tout confort, composé d'un grand salon et de deux grandes chambres.  C'est un logement calme et spacieux de 70 m2, chacune des pièces est grande, ce qui est rare à Paris. Il y a du parquet au sol et des vis-à-vis quasi inexistants. Le soleil rentre dans le salon et l'une des chambres jusqu'à 11h le matin. Il y a deux chambres, chacune possède un lit double, l'un de 160cm, l'autre de 140cm. Le canapé du salon est convertible en lit double. L'appartement est intégralement disponible, néanmoins nos affaires se trouvent dedans! Veillez à ne pas les abimer, merci. Le lave-vaisselle ne fonctionne pas pour le moment, inutile de l'utiliser. Nous essayerons d'être présent pour l'échange des clefs mais, en général absent durant le séjour car nous profitons de ces périodes pour partir de Paris. Le quartier, dans l'ensemble, est
30796		Appartement sur rue de 35 m2. Chambre, cuisine indépendantes, salle de bain, salon, balcon, concierge,  Métro: Max Dormoy (L12), La Chapelle (L2), Stalingrad (L5, L7).  Et à 10 minutes à pieds de l'EUROSTAR et THALYS  RER : Station Gare du nord
30797	Très joli (cheminée, parquet et moulures) appartement de72 M², à quelques minutes de la butte Montmartre! Totalement rénové, cuisine équipée, chambre pour enfant. Quartier vivant, métro et bus à 50 mètres, Nombreux restaurants et commerces!	Très joli (cheminée, parquet et moulures) appartement de72 M², à quelques minutes de la butte Montmartre! Totalement rénové, cuisine équipée, chambre pour enfant. Quartier vivant, métro et bus à 50 mètres, Nombreux restaurants et commerces!
30798	I hope you'll like this apartment as much as I do! It is both quiet and warm (in the morning you can hear children play downstairs in the park right next to the building, and at night is perfectly quiet). There is a lot of light, and plenty of space -for Paris! this is not L.A, where I also lived... :)	"This 39m2 apartment is a lovely to spend a week-end in Paris. It is located right in between Montmartre and the Canal Saint-Martin, at the centre of a lovely neighborhood, still quite unknown, ""Marx Dormoy"". Welcome! I hope you'll like this apartment as much as I do! It is both quiet and warm (in the morning you can hear children play downstairs in the park right next to the building, and at night is perfectly quiet). There is a lot of light, and plenty of space -for Paris! this is not L.A, where I also lived... :) Guests have access to the whole flat. Guests are entirely free, but I would be very happy to welcome them at their arrival.  I love that it is a colourful, both quiet and fun neighborhood, where one can go out listen to live music and wander around the numerous parks... I also love to spend nice week-ends without the crowd that takes on touristy neighborhood: here is a perfect setting for a romantic, friendly, or family time! Marx Dormoy metro station (line 12) is two street"
30799	30 square meter flat with nice roomy bathroom. 1 double bed and a cosy living room, where there is 1 guest bed or a double guest bed if using the air mattress. The handy kitchen is in the same room.	"Comfortable studio located 10 min walk from Montmartre, next to metro station (Marx Dormoy) and commodities. Very close as well to the canal ""bassin de la Villette"". 10 min cycling from Châtelet. 30 square meter flat with nice roomy bathroom. 1 double bed and a cosy living room, where there is 1 guest bed or a double guest bed if using the air mattress. The handy kitchen is in the same room. Wifi is available.  It's a multicultural area with very good African, Chinese, French restaurants. It stands between Montmartre and the bassin de la Villette. Next to it there is a covered market, which when sunny offers nice terraces with delightful café.  the tube line number 12 stays at 1 min, and line 4 is 500 meters away. There are several bike stations and buses (phone number hidden) ... "
30800	L'appartement est composé de deux pièces, décorées avec soin, une cuisine et une salle de bain qui possède une baignoire... Il peut accueillir 4 personnes : 2 dans le lit, ainsi que 2 sur un canapé lit d'appoint.	Cet appartement est adorable, accueillant et ensoleillé! Il peut loger 4 personnes (lit et canapé lit). Il est situé dans une rue très calme à Barbès, à 15 minutes a pieds de Montmartre, et desservi par la ligne 2 et 4 ainsi que de nombreux bus. L'appartement est composé de deux pièces, décorées avec soin, une cuisine et une salle de bain qui possède une baignoire... Il peut accueillir 4 personnes : 2 dans le lit, ainsi que 2 sur un canapé lit d'appoint. Les voyageurs ont accès à l'electromenager.  Selon mes possibilités, je serai ravie de vous montrer le quartier, de vous indiquer de bonnes adresses. Si je ne suis pas là pour vous accueillir, ma soeur de 22 ans qui habite à quelques rues le fera volontier ! C'est un quartier vivant et animé qui accueille un marché aux fruits, légumes et épices chaque mercredi et samedi! A 15 minutes à pieds de Montmartre et Pigalle ! En métro: Barbès / Gare du Nord / La Chapelle En bus: 31 / 56 / 85 Station Vélib à 4 minutes à pieds Possibilité de tro
30801	A spacious 2 bedroom flat, 590 sq ft, traditional Parisian yet contemporary decor, wooden flooring,  in a typical Parisian stone building. Flat boasts an excellent location.	"In montmartre and just at the foot of the stairs to the Sacré Coeur. Very good location. Easy reach by metro to the centre and close to Gare du Nord. A spacious 2 bedroom flat, 590 sq ft, traditional Parisian yet contemporary decor, wooden flooring,  in a typical Parisian stone building. Flat boasts an excellent location. You will have access to the whole flat, it's entirely yours. 1 bedroom with ensuite bathroom, 1 lounge, seperate toilet and one open kitchen. All mod cons: Wifi Wireless internet connection, washing machine ; Bed linen and towels are provided. Flat is cosy and warm, clean and pleasant and in pure Parisian tradition. I won't be here during your stay. Neighborhood is really fantastic, an authentic Paris vibe here! At the foot of Montmartre hill, you will reach the top in a matter of minutes to take in the best panoramic views of Paris. Just to clarify Airbnb has ""located us through their gps system in the ""La Chapelle"" neighborhood which is NOT the case, we are on the b"
30802	Notre appartement est un duplex atypique donnant sur une rue arborée ainsi que sur un jardin que nous partageons avec nos voisins. Il est extrêmement lumineux, étrangement calme par rapport à la vie bouillonnante de Barbès, idéal pour se ressourcer après une journée de marche à découvrir Paris.	Notre appartement est situé dans une ruelle privée bordée de jardins, perdue en plein milieu du quartier animé de la Goutte d'Or, à 10 minutes à pied de Montmartre. Il s'agit d'un duplex pouvant accueillir deux couples et deux enfants en bas âges. Nous y vivons et nous le conseillons! Notre appartement est un duplex atypique donnant sur une rue arborée ainsi que sur un jardin que nous partageons avec nos voisins. Il est extrêmement lumineux, étrangement calme par rapport à la vie bouillonnante de Barbès, idéal pour se ressourcer après une journée de marche à découvrir Paris. Montmartre et le Sacré-Coeur sont à 10 minutes à pied. L'appartement est situé en plein cœur du 18ème arrondissement, le plus vivant et le plus cosmopolite de la ville. Nous louons notre appartement lorsque nous partons nous-mêmes à l'étranger, mais nous ferons en sorte que vous soyez bien accueillis, avec une liste d'activités à faire dans le quartier et la marche à suivre pour occuper l'appartement en toute tranq
30803	Très bien desservi avec la ligne 4 pour aller dans le centre et la ligne 2 pour aller à l'est (Père Lachaise - Nation) ou à l'Ouest (Champs Elysées) 	Le charme sous les toits  2/3 pieces de 65m2 clair calme, comprenant un grand salon avec espace cuisine et coin nuit avec  lit 2 place, 1 chambre chambre d'enfant avec 2 lits possibilité d’ajouter un matelas parfaitement situé pour visiter Paris Très bien desservi avec la ligne 4 pour aller dans le centre et la ligne 2 pour aller à l'est (Père Lachaise - Nation) ou à l'Ouest (Champs Elysées) Rencontre pour la remise des clés.  Il évident que sommes ouvert à répondre à toutes vos questions par téléphone ou par mail et si c'est possible dans notre emploi du temps, à vous accueillir à votre arrivée.  Pendant votre sejour je serais joignable par mail ou telephone. Entre le métro Anvers et Barbes Rochechouart, à 5mn du sacre coeur. C'est un quartier très vivant ou vous pourrez gouter au charme romantique de Montmartre et aussi à la vie animée des soirées aux terrasses des Abbesses ou sous les arbres de l'avenue Trudaine. L'appartement est bien situé. A proximité de la Gare du Nord (pratique
30804	45 m2, deux pièces, cuisine équipée, lave linge. L'appartement est doté de fenetres doubles vitrage et reçoit une belle lumière de l'exterieur toute la journée grace à sa double exposition à l'est (coté chambre et salon) et sud-ouest (coté cuisine).	Deux-pièces accueillant et décoré avec soin, peut loger jusqu'à 4 personnes. Situé dans une rue calme aux pieds de Montmartre, il est l'ideal pour vous ressourcer le temps d'un week-end à Paris. Profitez de tous ses conforts et de sa cuisine équipée. 45 m2, deux pièces, cuisine équipée, lave linge. L'appartement est doté de fenetres doubles vitrage et reçoit une belle lumière de l'exterieur toute la journée grace à sa double exposition à l'est (coté chambre et salon) et sud-ouest (coté cuisine). Les hotes pourront acceder à tous les services et conforts offerts par cet appartement et auront aussi à disposition un accès internet wi-fi. Je ne serai pas présente lors de votre séjour mais je serai ravie de vous rencontrer pour vous confier les clés et vous présenter l'appartement. A la croisée des cultures et des peuples, cette portion du quartier de la Goutte d'Or se trouve à la frontière avec les ruelles qui mènent à Montmartre et au quartier chic, jeune et dynamique des Abesses. Pour un
30805	Spacieux et lumineux T1 tout confort de 42 m2  5ème étage avec ASCENSEUR  Coin chambre en alcôve avec lit 2 places GRANDE PIECE à vivre avec un confortable canapé lit ( 2 places )  CUISINE EQUIPEE et séparée : Machine à laver, Lave-vaisselle, Four, Plaque à induction, Congélateur.. SDB avec douche à l'italienne et WC Internet, WIFI TV écran plat	Spacieux et charmant appartement, idéal pour une escapade parisienne en famille ou entre amis ! Très lumineux, au 5ème étage avec ascenseur. A 15 min en métro de Montmartre ( Sacré Coeur..) Proche de tous commerces et à deux pas du Marché de l'olive. Spacieux et lumineux T1 tout confort de 42 m2  5ème étage avec ASCENSEUR  Coin chambre en alcôve avec lit 2 places GRANDE PIECE à vivre avec un confortable canapé lit ( 2 places )  CUISINE EQUIPEE et séparée : Machine à laver, Lave-vaisselle, Four, Plaque à induction, Congélateur.. SDB avec douche à l'italienne et WC Internet, WIFI TV écran plat Draps, couvertures, oreillers et serviettes de bain Planche et fer à repasser Un plan de métro est à votre disposition. Quartier cosmopolite avec de nombreux commerces, bars et restaurants.  Rue pétionne, à deux pas du Marché couvert de l'Olive.  Proche du Sacré-coeur et de Montmartre. À 4 min à pied du métro 12 - station Marx Dormoy À 15min du metro 4 - station Marcadet Poissonnier À 2 min des bus
30806	Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Bedroom with kinz size bed. The flat is sunny all day long with a typical view on the roofs. Large TV with cable. Internet fiber optic high speed. There'a swimming-pool at the corner and a market 5mn by walks, which is opened even in the afternoon. The area is popular with lots of nationalities, everybody living together in harmony. There's also some nice cafés and restaurants. I could give you my fav	Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Cosy white, sunny and quiet 2 rooms apartment under the roofs of Paris in the18th district. The flat is not big but very nice to live in. a bientôt! Bedroom with kinz size bed. The flat is sunny all day long with a typical view on the roofs. Large TV with cable. Internet fiber optic high speed. There'a swimming-pool at the corner and a market 5mn by walks, which is opened even in the afternoon. The ar
30807	Lovely 1 bedroom apartment with separate room (double bed), living (kitchen, table and couch) and bathroom (with shower).  Quiet and sunny. In a cosmopolitan and lively area.  Few steps from shops (1 min), restaurants (1 min), market place (1 min), swimming pool (5 min), cinema (15 min)...  Métro : Marx Dormoy (L12), La Chapelle (L2) ou Riquet (L7). Bus 65 & 60.	Lovely 2 rooms apartment , quiet and sunny, near Montmartre. Lovely 1 bedroom apartment with separate room (double bed), living (kitchen, table and couch) and bathroom (with shower).  Quiet and sunny. In a cosmopolitan and lively area.  Few steps from shops (1 min), restaurants (1 min), market place (1 min), swimming pool (5 min), cinema (15 min)...  Métro : Marx Dormoy (L12), La Chapelle (L2) ou Riquet (L7). Bus 65 & 60. Métro Marx Dormoy (L12), La Chapelle (L2) ou Riquet (L7). Bus 65 & 60.
30808		Studio lumineux dans un quartier vivant: marché couvert de la rue de l'Olive avec tous ses petits cafés et bistrots à proximité. A deux pas des transports en commun (ligne 12, ligne 2, bus). Situé à 10 minutes du canal de l'Ourcq et de Montmartre.
30809	Flat with a warm bedroom and a very cosy living room. Also has a waching machine and a nice kitchen with all you need. The bed is very comfortable, the neighbourhood is calm and quiet. Perfect for a couple.	A ´2 room flat with confy bed and cosy living room at the bottom of Montmartre. Access to the center with the metro in 15  minutes. Surrounded by a lot of shops and restaurants, the district remains calm, quiet and welcoming. Perfect for a couple Flat with a warm bedroom and a very cosy living room. Also has a waching machine and a nice kitchen with all you need. The bed is very comfortable, the neighbourhood is calm and quiet. Perfect for a couple. 5 minutes away by feet for la butte Montmartre and le Sacré coeur. 15 min away from the center of Paris with the metro. Our discrict has also lots of restaurants, caterings, nice boutiques, and art shops. I am available anytime on my cell if necessary, also if you have any questions  about Paris, such as what to do, or where to eat, and place to go, i'd be glad to help you improve your stay. The 18th district of Paris has a lot of art galleries and nice restaurants (french, asian and african). Walks on the butte Montmartre to the sacré coeu
30810		Appartement de 3 pièces avec cuisine aménagée, lave vaisselle et lave linge, dans un immeuble avec cour au calme. Cuisine ouverte sur le salon, espace de vie chaleureux, toilettes séparées et baignoire. Lieu lumineux et agréable, reposant.
30811	This 55m2 apartment extends from East (livingroom) to West (bedroom) and is very bright at any hour of the day. Located at the 5th floor (elevator), it comprises  - 1 bedroom with a  queenbed and a double bed (mezzanine) and a balcony open to the commun courtyard (trees and birds) - 1 bathroom with washing-machine and bathtub - 1 fully equipped brand new american kitchen (oven,  open to the living room with a convertible couch (for 2), TV and digital piano. Wifi available. In summer, you will enjoy breakfasts on the east-oriented terrace (no vis-a-vis!!)	Enjoy the wonders of Paris and rest at night in our very nice apartment. No vis-a-vis, great light in the bedroom and on the private terrace... you will feel at home in our fully equipped flat. Let us know if you need any help organizing your trip! This 55m2 apartment extends from East (livingroom) to West (bedroom) and is very bright at any hour of the day. Located at the 5th floor (elevator), it comprises  - 1 bedroom with a  queenbed and a double bed (mezzanine) and a balcony open to the commun courtyard (trees and birds) - 1 bathroom with washing-machine and bathtub - 1 fully equipped brand new american kitchen (oven,  open to the living room with a convertible couch (for 2), TV and digital piano. Wifi available. In summer, you will enjoy breakfasts on the east-oriented terrace (no vis-a-vis!!) Please ask us if you have any question regarding your stay in Paris (advices for visits, restaurants, subway/bike tickets...)  We will be glad to help and look forward to meeting you! Very q
30812	"With a view on the Sacré-Coeur, my lovely apartment welcome you in a very special place, the Villa Poissonnière, parisian ""passage"" built in 1840, consisting in little buildings and cottages with gardens. The appartment has a living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom with separated WC, two bedrooms.  The kitchen is fully equipped and open on the living-room. The main bedroom is very spacious, with a double bed. The second bedroom has a simple bed. The bathroom has a bath and a washing-machine There are historic chimneys (not to be used!) and furniture: you have to be careful, they are fragile. Transport  *Public transports are numerous: subway : Barbès-Rochechouart or Château-Rouge, line 4 (to Montparnasse and Quartier latin). Buses: 31 (to l'Etoile and les Champs-Elysées), 85 (to le Quartier latin), 56 (to République and le Marais).  * it is very easy to get to the area where the apartment is from the CDG Airport or Orly Airport because there is a direct train RER B which brings your right t"	"With a view on the Sacré-Coeur, my lovely apartment welcome you in a very special place, the Villa Poissonnière, parisian ""passage"" built in 1840, consisting in little buildings and cottages with gardens. The appartment has a living-room, a kitchen, a bathroom with separated WC, two bedrooms.  The kitchen is fully equipped and open on the living-room. The main bedroom is very spacious, with a double bed. The second bedroom has a simple bed. The bathroom has a bath and a washing-machine There are historic chimneys (not to be used!) and furniture: you have to be careful, they are fragile. Transport  *Public transports are numerous: subway : Barbès-Rochechouart or Château-Rouge, line 4 (to Montparnasse and Quartier latin). Buses: 31 (to l'Etoile and les Champs-Elysées), 85 (to le Quartier latin), 56 (to République and le Marais).  * it is very easy to get to the area where the apartment is from the CDG Airport or Orly Airport because there is a direct train RER B which brings your right t"
30813	High-Floor Studio.	High-Floor Studio.
30814	Openplan 43m2 loft situated in a tranquil, private, courtyard with decking & bamboo. Recently renovated authentic Parisian atelier with wooden floorboards throughout, new kitchen & bathroom as well as woodburner & skylights. Double bed +  double sofabed. Baby's cot available upon demand.  Situated between two metro stations, La Chapelle and Marx Dormoy, it enables easy access to public transport and the historical town centre. Montmatre, Sacré Coeur, Canal de l'Ourq & La Villette are a 15 minutes walk from the flat and for those arriving by TGV or Eurostar, you will be pleased to hear we are a five minute walk from Gare du Nord train station. 1 minute stroll from the flat you will discover the Marché de l'Olive, a lovely paved square with a beautiful indoor daily market and all amenities including a range of restaurants and bars. You also will enjoy a visit or a meal in the 104, the new international arts centre. If you are travelling with children, there is Jardin d'Eole which is a fa	Openplan 43m2 loft situated in a tranquil, private, courtyard with decking & bamboo. Recently renovated authentic Parisian atelier with wooden floorboards throughout, new kitchen & bathroom as well as woodburner & skylights. Double bed +  double sofabed. Baby's cot available upon demand.  Situated between two metro stations, La Chapelle and Marx Dormoy, it enables easy access to public transport and the historical town centre. Montmatre, Sacré Coeur, Canal de l'Ourq & La Villette are a 15 minutes walk from the flat and for those arriving by TGV or Eurostar, you will be pleased to hear we are a five minute walk from Gare du Nord train station. 1 minute stroll from the flat you will discover the Marché de l'Olive, a lovely paved square with a beautiful indoor daily market and all amenities including a range of restaurants and bars. You also will enjoy a visit or a meal in the 104, the new international arts centre. If you are travelling with children, there is Jardin d'Eole which is a fa
30815		Located near Gare du Nord, ideal base for one person / a couple to explore Paris and the right bank's coolest neighbourhood. A fully equiped luminous 60 m² one bedroom flat with a large living space (living room, dining room and office spaces).
30816		Beau et lumineux studio/duplex avec vue sur Montmartre: quartier proche du centre (métro 2, 4 et 12), commerces à proximité, entièrement équipé, machine à laver. 1 lit double (mezzanine) + 1 lit simple dans le séjour pour une troisième personne.
30817	Appartement situé dans une petite copropriété, au fond d'une cour pavée, véritable petite maison à Paris. La chambre est sur cour, très calme. Appartement entièrement équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave linge, four...)	Charmant deux-pièces tout confort lumineux  dans une petite copropriété au calme Vie de quartier animée, commerces   restaurants, marché couvert Situé à proximité du métro (ligne 12) 10 minutes Montmartre et Abbesses.                 Appartement situé dans une petite copropriété, au fond d'une cour pavée, véritable petite maison à Paris. La chambre est sur cour, très calme. Appartement entièrement équipé (lave-vaisselle, lave linge, four...) Chambre, salle de bain avec baignoire, lave linge, sèche linge, lave vaisselle, wifi Possibilité de se rencontrer lors de la remise des clés Quartier animé,  nombreux restaurants à prix attractifs. Piscine publique, parc et jardin publics situés à 100 mètres. Ligne 12 métro Marx Dormoy Ligne 2 métro La Chapelle Bus 65 arrêt Marx Dormoy Bus 60 arrêt Place de Torcy
30818	Entirely renovated in 2014, the flat is ideally located right up the metro station. Three rooms: one living room/kitchen fully furnished, a new bathroom and a big sleeping room. Perfect to discover Paris with a friend or in couple.	Fully furnished and renovated flat, with all the confort on the first floor! Situated right at Marcadet-Poissoniers (2 metro lines), enjoy quick connections to all touristic highlights (and airports). And Montmartre is only 10-minute walk from home ! Entirely renovated in 2014, the flat is ideally located right up the metro station. Three rooms: one living room/kitchen fully furnished, a new bathroom and a big sleeping room. Perfect to discover Paris with a friend or in couple. -Furnished kitchen: induction cooker, micro-wave/oven, fridge and expresso coffee machine -Washing machine (clothes) -Storage spaces -Computer (with sound system) -Wifi Lively district which has all the useful shops, a market and a big supermarket (open late) at 100 meters. 10 minutes away from Montmartre, the Clignancourt Flea Market, the Barbès area and the nightlife of Pigalle (Le Moulin Rouge, etc...). 4th and 12th metro lines (line 2 is at a 10-minute walking distance) Bus 56, 31 & 60 Vélib' and Autolib' st
30819	Close to Montmartre in front of a garden.Two sleeping room, one big living room with a yamaha piano, one dining room and kitchen. Outside the appartement, little room with washing & drying machine and second refrigerator.	Close to Montmartre in front of a garden.Two sleeping room, one big living room with a yamaha piano, one dining room and kitchen. Outside the appartement, little room with washing & drying machine and second refrigerator. Close to Montmartre in front of a garden.Two sleeping room, one big living room with a yamaha piano, one dining room and kitchen. Outside the appartement, little room with washing & drying machine and second refrigerator. Parking. Gare du nord, rail station. I do not stay in the appartement
30820		En plein coeur du 18eme loft de 105m2 entièrement équipé disposant d'une chambre sur mezzanine et d'un canapé lit. Ligne 4 et 12 a proximité. 
30821	DESCRIPTION : This apartment belongs to 2 passionate people working in the media.  The flat is thus very cosy, well decorated, comfortable and fully equipped. - 5mn walk from Sacré Coeur  - 2mn from the Metro (line 4, the best for tourists: direct to train stations, Le Louvre, Notre Dame, St Germain... ideal!)  - On the 4th floor, it is filled with light, and has a nice balcony with open view on the Sacré Coeur.  - 2 sleepings (one for adults and one for child) - filled with light  - fully equipped  - arty spirit In one of these side streets filled with restaurants, cafés and shops that make the real Paris, close to the cliché but not in the middle of it, you will enjoy sightseeing and feel Parisian in the same time. It counts :  - 1 bedroom with queen size bed  - 1 bedroom with small bed for child  - 1 living room with dining room and library - 1 fully equipped kitchen  - 1 bathroom with bath  - 1 separate WC. EQUIPMENT INCLUDES :  - High Speed Internet  - Flatscreen TV  - Fridge  - o	Appartement déco & design, situé à seulement 2 minutes de Montmartre à pieds. Entièrement équipé et disposant d'une jolie vue sur le Sacré Cœur, cet appartement possède un salon de 30m2, parfait pour les dîners. Métro, bus et tous commerces proches. DESCRIPTION : This apartment belongs to 2 passionate people working in the media.  The flat is thus very cosy, well decorated, comfortable and fully equipped. - 5mn walk from Sacré Coeur  - 2mn from the Metro (line 4, the best for tourists: direct to train stations, Le Louvre, Notre Dame, St Germain... ideal!)  - On the 4th floor, it is filled with light, and has a nice balcony with open view on the Sacré Coeur.  - 2 sleepings (one for adults and one for child) - filled with light  - fully equipped  - arty spirit In one of these side streets filled with restaurants, cafés and shops that make the real Paris, close to the cliché but not in the middle of it, you will enjoy sightseeing and feel Parisian in the same time. It counts :  - 1 bedroo
30822	Très beau parquet ancien, calme sur double court, spacieux, lumineux toute la journée, totalement équipé, literie très confortable, proches des commerces et marché typique parisien, 3 lignes de métro, 4 lignes de bus qui traversent paris really quiet with a sunny orientation all the day, spacious, fully equiped, good sleeping materials, near to typical Parisian makets, 3 metro lines, 4 bus lines which cross Paris 	        Grand appartement 80m2, 2 chambres, 4 personnes, 4e etage SA, baignoire, douche, WC séparés, Wifi, machine a laver, seche linge, lave vaisselle,  80ms, 2 rooms, 4 people, 4e floor no lift, bath, shower, Wifi, washing machines, drying machine       Très beau parquet ancien, calme sur double court, spacieux, lumineux toute la journée, totalement équipé, literie très confortable, proches des commerces et marché typique parisien, 3 lignes de métro, 4 lignes de bus qui traversent paris really quiet with a sunny orientation all the day, spacious, fully equiped, good sleeping materials, near to typical Parisian makets, 3 metro lines, 4 bus lines which cross Paris 1 lit queen size, machine à laver, séche linge, lave vaisselle, wifi, baignoire, douche, aspirateur, four, micro onde, volets pour dormir dans un noir total One bed, Queen sizewashing machine, drying machine, dish washer,  wifi, bath, shower, hoover, hoven, micro wave, blinds to sleep in the darkness by mail, by phone Commerc
30823		"Appartement très lumineux 2 chambres + salon /cuisine américaine au 6eme étage avec ascenseur face au Nouvel Espace et Jardin de la ""Halle Pajol"". 2 grands balcons. Pas de vis à vis. Jolie Vue urbaine. Grande Salle de Bain équipé baignoire et douche"
30824	This beautiful flat is located in a very lively area. It's only 5 minutes walk from Montmartre.  There are 3 subway stations nearby the flat with the lines 4, 13, 2 and 12. The apartment is located at the 3rd floor with lift.  There are 2 bedrooms; one with one double bed and the other with mattress.  There is also a sofa-bed in the living room. You'll find a tv, a stereo, internet connection.  The kitchen is well equipped: frigde, oven, washing machine, microwave	This beautiful apartment is located only 5 minutes walk from Montmartre. You'll find 3 subway station nearby the flat with the lines 4, 2 and 12. This beautiful flat is located in a very lively area. It's only 5 minutes walk from Montmartre.  There are 3 subway stations nearby the flat with the lines 4, 13, 2 and 12. The apartment is located at the 3rd floor with lift.  There are 2 bedrooms; one with one double bed and the other with mattress.  There is also a sofa-bed in the living room. You'll find a tv, a stereo, internet connection.  The kitchen is well equipped: frigde, oven, washing machine, microwave 3 subway station nearby the building. Line 2, 4, 12 
30825	hello, I offer to you the possibility to have a parisian life in my flat (55m2 )with a double bed and a single bed in another bedroom, , which is not luxurious, but really cosy, and pleasant to live. The flat has a kitchen equipped for you to use (mini-oven, washing machine...), a bathroom, a little one but with a bath!, a separate toilet, and wifi. The apartment is at the 2nd floor of a quiet building. My apartment is in a popular and cosmopolitan district, 10 mn walk to Montmartre. You will find around my flat: indian, thaï, africans restaurants and shops, really good cheeses and wine at Marché de l'Olive, place with nice cafés, where you can drink a coffee with croissant! 5 mms by feet, you've got the amazing théâtre des Bouffes du Nord, le 104 place with multi artistic propositions near the Eole park. At 10 mms, by the Canal de l'Ourcq you've got cinemas and places to play pétanques! From the apartment, you can walk (2mns) to the metro Marx Dormoy-line 12, 4mns to La Chapelle-line 	hello, I offer to you the possibility to have a parisian life in my flat (55m2 )with a double bed and a single bed in another bedroom, , which is not luxurious, but really cosy, and pleasant to live. The flat has a kitchen equipped for you to use (mini-oven, washing machine...), a bathroom, a little one but with a bath!, a separate toilet, and wifi. The apartment is at the 2nd floor of a quiet building. My apartment is in a popular and cosmopolitan district, 10 mn walk to Montmartre. You will find around my flat: indian, thaï, africans restaurants and shops, really good cheeses and wine at Marché de l'Olive, place with nice cafés, where you can drink a coffee with croissant! 5 mms by feet, you've got the amazing théâtre des Bouffes du Nord, le 104 place with multi artistic propositions near the Eole park. At 10 mms, by the Canal de l'Ourcq you've got cinemas and places to play pétanques! From the apartment, you can walk (2mns) to the metro Marx Dormoy-line 12, 4mns to La Chapelle-line 
30826	L'appartement est très lumineux, spacieux calme et propre, composé de une chambre et un bureau en mezzanine, d'un canapé-lit, un amac, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain, toilettes, machine à laver, piano, fontaine d'eau qui purifie et dynamise l'eau de Paris ! L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur et donne vue sur un jardin privatif (et sur le Sacré Coeur!), offrant ainsi une grande tranquillité.	Bonjour, Je pars cet été et je sous-loue mon très chouette appart dans le 18e avec une vue magnifique sans vis à vis sur le sacré coeur, lumineux, calme. Loyer 750€ par mois tout compris (charges, internet, vélo...). Entièrement meublé et équipé. L'appartement est très lumineux, spacieux calme et propre, composé de une chambre et un bureau en mezzanine, d'un canapé-lit, un amac, cuisine ouverte, salle de bain, toilettes, machine à laver, piano, fontaine d'eau qui purifie et dynamise l'eau de Paris ! L'appartement est situé au 5ème étage sans ascenseur et donne vue sur un jardin privatif (et sur le Sacré Coeur!), offrant ainsi une grande tranquillité. Vous aurez accès à l'appartement en entier Le quartier est très vivant, grande diversité culturelle. A 5 min à pied du Sacré Coeur, proche gare du Nord. A 3 minutes à pied de la station Château Rouge (ligne 4) et Barbès Rochechouart (ligne 4 et 2). 10 min à pied de gare du Nord. 10 min en métro de Châtelet (centre de Paris)
30827	A lovely appartment acrossed 2 continents : africa in one part (Barbès) and asia to the other part (Marx Dormoy), you will feel far away from home. A living-room next to a bedroom and a kitchen, like at home*. Welcome to my place! * internet, phone, washing-machine	A lovely appartment acrossed 2 continents : africa in one part (Barbès) and asia to the other part (Marx Dormoy), you will feel far away from home. A living-room next to a bedroom and a kitchen, like at home*. Welcome to my place! * internet, phone, washing-machine
30828	25 min a pied de Montmartre, du moulin rouge	Au RDC sur cour, joli studio de 23m2  à Paris 18, Métro Marx Dormoy (ligne 12) à 3 min, La Chapelle (ligne 2) à 7 min ou Marcadet-Poissoniers (ligne 4) à 10 min Idéalement situé pour visiter Paris: 20 min à pieds de Montmartre...Nombreux commerces 25 min a pied de Montmartre, du moulin rouge
30829	Ce petit eldorado, a un air de romance. On y vit autrement, au rythme du quartier, des voisins, des amis, des artistes. On y rit, on y boit, on y danse, dès que l'occasion se présente. Des objets dénichés, collés, rafistolés s'y retrouvent et s'y mélangent pour donner à ce lieu un aspect apaisant et chaleureux	Appartement de 50m2 (1 chambre) au 3e étage avec ascenseur, au cœur de Montmartre et de son fameux quartier populaire et animé de la goutte d'or, tout confort, tout équipé. Metro, restaurants, bars et commerces de proximité. A 10 minutes à pied du Sacré Cœur. Ce petit eldorado, a un air de romance. On y vit autrement, au rythme du quartier, des voisins, des amis, des artistes. On y rit, on y boit, on y danse, dès que l'occasion se présente. Des objets dénichés, collés, rafistolés s'y retrouvent et s'y mélangent pour donner à ce lieu un aspect apaisant et chaleureux Tout l'appartement Un quartier populaire, très vivant et haut en couleur. A deux pas du sacré cœur, des bars branchés de Pigalle, des rives du canal St Martin ou de Stalingrad, Barbes est un incontournable de Paris. Grâce à son réseau de bus ou ses 2 lignes de métro, on peut se rendre aisément aux quatre coins de la capitale.  C'est également  un carrefour de civilisations, de nationalités et d'ambiances. Il y a du monde dan
30830		Our flat is located between Stalingrad, Montmartre and Barbès.
30831	Charming and lovely apartment located in the famous area of Montmartre,few minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.  For 2 persons. You will be enchanted by the view on the roof of Paris and pleased with all the commodities included (wifi, washing machines, oven, ...). You want to live like a Parisian for your trip? This is the place for you. Near wine bars, restaurants, bistros, concert halls, it is also close to metro stations (lines 2-4-12), making it easy for you to visit all Paris has to offer.  5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, 20 minutes walk from Opéra, 20 minutes by metro from the Champs Elysées, 20 minutes by metro to Notre Dame and 30 minutes by metro to the Eiffel Tower.   ****** 5th floor without elevator	Lovely and recently renovated apartment of 30m². Located inthe famous area of Montmartre (18th). You will be please with the view on the roof of Paris. Charming and lovely apartment located in the famous area of Montmartre,few minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur.  For 2 persons. You will be enchanted by the view on the roof of Paris and pleased with all the commodities included (wifi, washing machines, oven, ...). You want to live like a Parisian for your trip? This is the place for you. Near wine bars, restaurants, bistros, concert halls, it is also close to metro stations (lines 2-4-12), making it easy for you to visit all Paris has to offer.  5 minutes walk from the Sacré Coeur, 20 minutes walk from Opéra, 20 minutes by metro from the Champs Elysées, 20 minutes by metro to Notre Dame and 30 minutes by metro to the Eiffel Tower.   ****** 5th floor without elevator Fully equipped kitchen Nespresso Coffee Machine (you can bring your own cap) and kettle Cables and wifi Iphone chargers Umb
30832	Apartment very convenient , 1 min walk from the metro station and 5 min walk from the beautifull Sacré-Coeur and in the Montmartre area. Kitchen and bathroom. 2 rooms and 3 double beds.	Apartment very convenient , 1 min walk from the metro station and 5 min walk from the beautifull Sacré-Coeur and in the Montmartre area. Kitchen and bathroom. 2 rooms and 3 double beds.
30833	A typically parisian duplex situated in the heart of Montmartre. The stairs leading to the Sacré Coeur church are in front of the entrance of our building. Montmartre is the highest point in Paris so the vertiginous view over the City of Light will be omnipresent. You will enjoy a lot of bars, cafes, restaurants in the area which has always been popular for its bohemian artistic vein.  The apartment occupies 2 higher floors of a Art Nouveau building of 19th century. It is spacious, 70m2. The apartment consists of: - Entrance at the lower floor - Bathroom with a big bathtub and a window with an amazing view over Paris, lower floor - Study room/office with an antique Edwardian desk, and a design bookshelf lower floor - Bedroom with a Bultex queen size high quality and new mattress, lower floor - 9m balcony, lower floor - Big living room with a chimney (nonfunctional), an antique piano, a design convertible and extensible table, and a convertible couch for 1 adults, upper floor - Separate	Spacious 2 floors apartment ideally situated in Montmartre, next to the steps leading to Sacré Coeur basilica. Numerous restaurants, bars, stores, places of interest in the neighborhood. Amazing view over Paris from all the rooms, 9m equiped balcony. A typically parisian duplex situated in the heart of Montmartre. The stairs leading to the Sacré Coeur church are in front of the entrance of our building. Montmartre is the highest point in Paris so the vertiginous view over the City of Light will be omnipresent. You will enjoy a lot of bars, cafes, restaurants in the area which has always been popular for its bohemian artistic vein.  The apartment occupies 2 higher floors of a Art Nouveau building of 19th century. It is spacious, 70m2. The apartment consists of: - Entrance at the lower floor - Bathroom with a big bathtub and a window with an amazing view over Paris, lower floor - Study room/office with an antique Edwardian desk, and a design bookshelf lower floor - Bedroom with a Bultex 
30834		Studio near montmartre, well equiped for two persons. The environment is very calm and light. washing machine, water room, bed Week or month only 6 th floor 15 m2 transport gare du nord : 10 min metro barbes L2: 5min chateau rouge L4 : 5 min
30835		Appartement tout équipé se composant d'une chambre , une salle de bain avec baignoire , toilette séparée , cuisine équipée , grand séjour avec télévision et internet  . Balcon traversant les 3 pièces . 
30836	Two balconies over the street, with view over the cemetery of Montmartre, and the nice hospital roof. Bright and quiet. Il y a deux balcons qui donnent sur la rue, avec vue sur le cimetiere de Montmartre et le toit de l'hôpital Bretonneau qui est très joli. Très lumineux et calme.	7 min walk from Abbesses, 15 min from the Sacre-Coeur basilica. Nice neighbourhood, close to Lamarck-Caulaincourt (metro 12), + metro 2&13 + bus 95 & 80 that will directly take you to the city centre or the eiffel tower. Supermarket open till 11PM. Two balconies over the street, with view over the cemetery of Montmartre, and the nice hospital roof. Bright and quiet. Il y a deux balcons qui donnent sur la rue, avec vue sur le cimetiere de Montmartre et le toit de l'hôpital Bretonneau qui est très joli. Très lumineux et calme. In case you need something, our nice neighbors can help you, or my sister who lives nearby. Nos voisins de balcon et ma soeur qui habite à 10 min à pied seront disponibles pour vous aider si besoin. There are various supermarkets, the closest one opens during the whole week-end and closes late at night. Il y a plusieurs supermarchés dans le quartier et il y en a un juste à coté qui ouvre même les weekends et qui ferme tard le soir. Metro : line 12  (Abbesses ou Lam
30837	This perfectly located flat is within 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, 2 stations from Montmartre. It will comfortably welcome a couple or 2 friends. There is also a baby bed and all equipment to welcome a baby (bath, changing table etc.). It is on the 5th floor with lift with a small balcony and is very quiet. There is a secured entrance to the building with digicode (keypass). The bedroom has a comfy double bed, the kitchen is featured with brand new equipment, the living room has a dining table, a nice sofa and a big TV screen. The bathroom and toilets are separated. Generally, the flat has a good layout.	This perfectly located flat is within 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, 2 stations from Montmartre in a quiet area. It will comfortably welcome 2 friends or a couple (with a baby)!  This perfectly located flat is within 5 minutes walk from Gare du Nord, 2 stations from Montmartre. It will comfortably welcome a couple or 2 friends. There is also a baby bed and all equipment to welcome a baby (bath, changing table etc.). It is on the 5th floor with lift with a small balcony and is very quiet. There is a secured entrance to the building with digicode (keypass). The bedroom has a comfy double bed, the kitchen is featured with brand new equipment, the living room has a dining table, a nice sofa and a big TV screen. The bathroom and toilets are separated. Generally, the flat has a good layout. Guest have access to the whole flat and are welcome to use all the amenities, dishware, bed linen etc.  I will be available through emails or calls for further details about the flat and guests' trip. 
30838		A 5 minutes à pied de Montmartre et à 15 minutes en métro de Châtelet, ce grand studio de 40 m2 avec vrai terrasse de 10 m2 est un endroit idéal pour découvrir Paris.
30839	Apartments like these are hard to find in Paris. Exposed brick wall, high ceilings, hard wood floor and plenty of space, you'll feel right at home.	If you're looking for a beautiful, spacious, bright apartment with a typical Parisian-feel and located minutes from the Sacré Coeur (Montmartre), look no further! The flat is in a Haussmanian building right by Chateau-Rouge metro station (line 4). Apartments like these are hard to find in Paris. Exposed brick wall, high ceilings, hard wood floor and plenty of space, you'll feel right at home. One double bedroom, bathroom with Italian shower, open plan kitchen/living area with double sofa bed, and dining table with four chairs. Original wood floor and exposed brickwork. Kitchen is fully fitted but dishwasher needs to be repaired (sorry!).  1 large towel per person and a 1 hand towel for the bathroom 4 Pillows Clean linen supplied and duvets.  In the bathroom, I provide hand soap and toilet roll but not toiletries Hairdryer The apartment is 75 sq meteres Check in and out times are flexible I will be happy to liaise with you during the duration of your stay and beforehand via email or pho
30840		F1 équipé, clair, propre,  33 m², cuisine séparée, parquet. Idéal couple. 2ème étage, ascenseur, concierge. Proche métro, à 3 arrêts de Montmartre, 10 minutes à pieds de Gare du nord, de Paris Plage 19ème. Quartier animé: marché, commerces.
30841	Typique appartement parisien avec parquet d'origine, haut plafond et cheminée de décoration, refait à neuf il y a un an à peine. Les grandes fenêtres rendent l'espace très lumineux.  Dans le salon, un grand placard est mis à disposition. Le canapé est très facilement convertible en lit d'appoint pour deux personnes supplémentaires. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle avec plaques à induction, hotte, machine à laver... La salle de bain est essentielle et agréable. les WC sont séparés. 	Appartement de 28m2, simple et très lumineux, tous conforts, dans un quartier populaire et vivant, avec commerces à proximité mais surtout de très bons bars et restaurants. Typique appartement parisien avec parquet d'origine, haut plafond et cheminée de décoration, refait à neuf il y a un an à peine. Les grandes fenêtres rendent l'espace très lumineux.  Dans le salon, un grand placard est mis à disposition. Le canapé est très facilement convertible en lit d'appoint pour deux personnes supplémentaires. La cuisine est très fonctionnelle avec plaques à induction, hotte, machine à laver... La salle de bain est essentielle et agréable. les WC sont séparés. Metro Chateau Rouge (L 4) Metro Barbes (L 2) Metro Mercadet Poissoniers (L 12) Bus Ligne 31 (Gare de l'Est - Charles de Gaulle Etoile) Bus Ligne 56 ( Gare de l'Est - République - Nation - Vincennes).
30842	Charming apartment (37 m2) near Canal Saint-Martin with a living room and a bedroom, a kitchen and a real bathroom. Four windows on the south opening on a pretty courtyard. Bedroom with a matrimonial bed (sheets supplied) and storage for clothes. Bathroom with a bath (towels supplied). Kitchen : oven stove, dishwasher and washing machine. Hi-Fi system, Internet. Very well situated with 3 subway lines and some bus to go easily everywhere in Paris. 12 cinemas and Canal Saint-Martin (5 min. on foot), Sacré-Cœur and Montmartre (10 min. by subway). Restaurants and cafés alongside the canal very near ! A lot of food shops in the area and a pretty covered market near. Velib' station in front of the door.                                   ****************** Charmant deux pièces (37 m2) près du canal Saint-Martin et du bassin de La Villette.  Quatre fenêtres plein sud ouvrant sur une jolie cour calme. Une chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis) et des rangements pour vos vêtements. Une salle	Charming apartment (37 m2) near Canal Saint-Martin with a living room and a bedroom, a kitchen and a real bathroom. Four windows on the south opening on a pretty courtyard. Bedroom with a matrimonial bed (sheets supplied) and storage for clothes. Bathroom with a bath (towels supplied). Kitchen : oven stove, dishwasher and washing machine. Hi-Fi system, Internet. Very well situated with 3 subway lines and some bus to go easily everywhere in Paris. 12 cinemas and Canal Saint-Martin (5 min. on foot), Sacré-Cœur and Montmartre (10 min. by subway). Restaurants and cafés alongside the canal very near ! A lot of food shops in the area and a pretty covered market near. Velib' station in front of the door.                                   ****************** Charmant deux pièces (37 m2) près du canal Saint-Martin et du bassin de La Villette.  Quatre fenêtres plein sud ouvrant sur une jolie cour calme. Une chambre avec un lit double (draps fournis) et des rangements pour vos vêtements. Une salle
30843	Au lit , utilisation de la cuisine et de la salle de bain  Au linge de maison   Oui Quartier cosmopolite de Paris , Metro Marcadet poissonnier 	Au lit , utilisation de la cuisine et de la salle de bain  Au linge de maison   Oui Quartier cosmopolite de Paris , Metro Marcadet poissonnier 
30844	The 1 rue Ramey is a very quiet building. I live at the 4th floor... Of course, there is an elevator ! It's an appartment with 1 bedroom + 1 living room + 1 kitchen + 1 bathroom w/ bathtub. Parquet everywhere. A bedroom full of light :  The most beautiful view of the Sacré coeur. 2 windows on a quiet courtyard, perfect to wake up in peace. A double bed and an old cheminée... Very Sunny in the afternoon ! The living room :  A large leather sofa, large enough for someone to sleep (1m80)  A small dinner table made out of wood, beautiful fireplace with a large miror. Window to watch at the neighborhood... Very Sunny in the morning ! The kitchen is pretty small, but functionnal... The bathroom is really cute with its blue bathtub to relax... 	The perfect place to spend a few days in Paris ! Appartment 40m2 /  Incredible view of the Sacré Coeur ! Shiny bedroom and comfy living room ! The best and most typical Parisian neighborhood ! Romantic/Party/Gastronomic time in Montmartre ! The 1 rue Ramey is a very quiet building. I live at the 4th floor... Of course, there is an elevator ! It's an appartment with 1 bedroom + 1 living room + 1 kitchen + 1 bathroom w/ bathtub. Parquet everywhere. A bedroom full of light :  The most beautiful view of the Sacré coeur. 2 windows on a quiet courtyard, perfect to wake up in peace. A double bed and an old cheminée... Very Sunny in the afternoon ! The living room :  A large leather sofa, large enough for someone to sleep (1m80)  A small dinner table made out of wood, beautiful fireplace with a large miror. Window to watch at the neighborhood... Very Sunny in the morning ! The kitchen is pretty small, but functionnal... The bathroom is really cute with its blue bathtub to relax... Free wifi in
30845	It is a flat completely furnished. There is a luminous living room with There is a kitchenette in a luminous living (website hidden) the bedroom, you can find a big dressing, with big storage facility. 	Cosy flat with 2 rooms, fully equipped for 4 people! Enjoy this comfortable space to visit Paris easily. Close to Gare du Nord, it is really well deserved, and access to subway less than 5 minutes. It is a flat completely furnished. There is a luminous living room with There is a kitchenette in a luminous living (website hidden) the bedroom, you can find a big dressing, with big storage facility. You have access to INTERNET, TV, and please feel free to inform me if you have further requests My district is really colourful and you are really close to one of the most beautiful part of Paris, which are Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur Basilic. You have plenty of access as you are closed to Gare du Nord, which includes 3 big lines: RER B(direct from CDG and Orly Airports), RER D and RER E and 5 subways, metro 5/7/2/12.
30846		 Hi, I'm subrenting my charming 3 rooms apartment. Located next to the Sacré Cœur (15 minutes by walk).  Very comfy, sunny and quiet. Conveniently located. In the street: wine merchant, Franprix, good baker, tobacco shop, restaurants...   
30847		Bel appartement 3 pieces restauré
30848	Large bedroom with small balcony facing the south. The sun is shining in the apartment from early in the morning until the late afternoon, so you can enjoy the August sun of Paris. The large balcony doors, and the 3 other windows offer beautiful light and air to the apartment. Apartment situated in an inner court, with view towards Montmartre, and it is accessible by a lift. The bedroom provides one double-bed, with sheets on, as well as an additional inflated double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything that a gourmet chef would need to cook. There is a fridge, a freezer and a washing machine for clothes. The bathroom is spacious, with a bath-tub. Internet and wifi are provided, and all charges for electricity, water and the concierge are included.	35². Grande chambre ensoleillée dès le matin jusqu'à fin de l'après-midi, double lit (draps prévus), une cuisine équipée, une salle de bains avec baignoire, balcon sud-ouest, wifi, tous charges comprises, 4ème étage avec ascenseur, machine à laver. Large bedroom with small balcony facing the south. The sun is shining in the apartment from early in the morning until the late afternoon, so you can enjoy the August sun of Paris. The large balcony doors, and the 3 other windows offer beautiful light and air to the apartment. Apartment situated in an inner court, with view towards Montmartre, and it is accessible by a lift. The bedroom provides one double-bed, with sheets on, as well as an additional inflated double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything that a gourmet chef would need to cook. There is a fridge, a freezer and a washing machine for clothes. The bathroom is spacious, with a bath-tub. Internet and wifi are provided, and all charges for electricity, water and the co
30849		Le charme parisien dans 35m², un salon convivial, pied-à-terre idéal, une chambre spacieuse vous permettant de ranger facilement toutes vos emplettes. Cuisine équipée et salle de bain (douche) fonctionnelle. Tout ça avec goût.
30850	Charmant appartement de 45 m², moderne et entièrement équipé, comprenant un grand séjour avec cuisine américaine et un bar 'King Size', une chambre séparée et une salle de bain avec baignoire balnéo. Idéale après une journée de marche à travers Paris. Le canapé est dépliable et peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires.  Nous fournissons les draps et les serviettes de bain.  Dans un immeuble neuf très bien isolé, aucun problème de voisinage ne viendra troubler votre séjour. Le wifi gratuit est inclu. A seulement 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre, et 20 minutes en métro des grands boulevards, vous profitez d'une bonne accessibilité de tout Paris, tout en jouissant d'un quartier calme et aux prix nettement plus bas.  Supérette 'Franprix' à 50m de l'immeuble ouverte 7/7j de 9h à 21h Accès proche ligne 4 (direct des gares de l'Est, du Nord et de Montparnasse) et ligne 12 (direct depuis Montparnasse).	Charmant appartement de 45 m², moderne et entièrement équipé, comprenant un grand séjour avec cuisine américaine et un bar 'King Size', une chambre séparée et une salle de bain avec baignoire balnéo. Idéale après une journée de marche à travers Paris. Le canapé est dépliable et peut accueillir 2 personnes supplémentaires.  Nous fournissons les draps et les serviettes de bain.  Dans un immeuble neuf très bien isolé, aucun problème de voisinage ne viendra troubler votre séjour. Le wifi gratuit est inclu. A seulement 15 minutes à pied de Montmartre, et 20 minutes en métro des grands boulevards, vous profitez d'une bonne accessibilité de tout Paris, tout en jouissant d'un quartier calme et aux prix nettement plus bas.  Supérette 'Franprix' à 50m de l'immeuble ouverte 7/7j de 9h à 21h Accès proche ligne 4 (direct des gares de l'Est, du Nord et de Montparnasse) et ligne 12 (direct depuis Montparnasse). Appartement à louer, tout confort et entièrement équipé (lave-linge, lave vaisselle ect..)
30851	Il s'agit d'appartement personnel que je loues lorsque je ne suis pas à Paris. Il est pratique, agréable et confortable.  Idéalement placé pour découvrir Montmartre (10 mn à pied) et la capitale (métro lignes 2, 4 et 12), l’immeuble plein de charme est une ancienne caserne napoléonienne. Au 1er étage (sans ascenseur), ce 50 m² très lumineux a été entièrement refait à neuf dans l’esprit parisien il y a deux ans. Equipement moderne et appartement original avec beaucoup de charme, il peut accueillir 4 personnes ( un lit dans la chambre et un canapé convertible dans le salon). La chambre à coucher dispose d'un lit très confortable (lit sofitel) de 160 x 200 cm, d’une armoire et penderie (certaines de mes affaires resteront dans les placards mais je vous laisserais la place nécessaire pour votre séjour).  La pièce à vivre, très lumineuse, se compose d'une cuisine américaine, d'un coin salle à manger et d'un salon. Elle donne sur une grande cour intérieure. Vous disposerez donc d'un calme ab	Spacieux et lumineux deux-pièces Parisien de 50 m2, cuisine équipée, chambre grand lit double, salle de bain avec douche à l'italienne, salon, salle à manger. Appartement Chaleureux et de caractère. Calme et volupté sont au RDV dans ce nid d'amour. Il s'agit d'appartement personnel que je loues lorsque je ne suis pas à Paris. Il est pratique, agréable et confortable.  Idéalement placé pour découvrir Montmartre (10 mn à pied) et la capitale (métro lignes 2, 4 et 12), l’immeuble plein de charme est une ancienne caserne napoléonienne. Au 1er étage (sans ascenseur), ce 50 m² très lumineux a été entièrement refait à neuf dans l’esprit parisien il y a deux ans. Equipement moderne et appartement original avec beaucoup de charme, il peut accueillir 4 personnes ( un lit dans la chambre et un canapé convertible dans le salon). La chambre à coucher dispose d'un lit très confortable (lit sofitel) de 160 x 200 cm, d’une armoire et penderie (certaines de mes affaires resteront dans les placards mais
30852	Owned by a well known playwright, this wonderfuly artistic apartment has been the inspiration for many play and theatre peice! The large space (70m2) sleeps 3 in 1 double bedroom and 1 single. It is also possible to set up an extra bed for a 4th person. The apartment is next to several métro stations and all the major monuments and sights are therefore easily accessible. Line 2 from Lachepelle takes you directly to the Moulin Rouge (5 minutes) whilst line 4 from Chateau Rouge takes you to the Gare du Nord (Eurostar) in 5 minutes, Ile Saint Louis and Notre Dame in 15 minutes. The apartment is situated a the foot of Montmarte and the Sacré Coeur is only a 10 minute walk away. Romantic cobbled streets and lamp lit staircases will take you to the most wonderful views of Paris! 	This large bright and airy apartment is located in a trendy and wonderfully multi-cultural area of Paris just minutes from Montmartre. It's close to several métro stations, restaurants, and shops. Be inspired! Live in Style! Owned by a well known playwright, this wonderfuly artistic apartment has been the inspiration for many play and theatre peice! The large space (70m2) sleeps 3 in 1 double bedroom and 1 single. It is also possible to set up an extra bed for a 4th person. The apartment is next to several métro stations and all the major monuments and sights are therefore easily accessible. Line 2 from Lachepelle takes you directly to the Moulin Rouge (5 minutes) whilst line 4 from Chateau Rouge takes you to the Gare du Nord (Eurostar) in 5 minutes, Ile Saint Louis and Notre Dame in 15 minutes. The apartment is situated a the foot of Montmarte and the Sacré Coeur is only a 10 minute walk away. Romantic cobbled streets and lamp lit staircases will take you to the most wonderful views o
30853		Close to Pigalle and Montmartre. Small but nice studio surrounded by a big garden. Close to metro and easy access. This studio have everything that you need to have a comfortable stay.  Positioned in a popular place, you will find all your buys cheaper. 
30854	Very spacious apartment with a 24m² terrace, a lounge, a fully-equipped kitchen and a bedroom. You have , in the bedroom, a double bed and a living area with a sofa bed for 2 persons, it can be separated by a curtain .	Beautiful loft (60m²) located on the 9th floor of a building close to Montmartre and with superbs views over the rooftops and some monuments of Paris. Lively neighborhood with many shops and restaurants. Accessible by several subway lines, RER and bus. 40 min from airport Roissy CDG, directly by train RER B to Gare du nord (10 min walking, 5 by bus). 20 min from city center (Châtelet-les Halles) by public transportation. Very spacious apartment with a 24m² terrace, a lounge, a fully-equipped kitchen and a bedroom. You have , in the bedroom, a double bed and a living area with a sofa bed for 2 persons, it can be separated by a curtain . Travelers have access to the entire housing. The building is accessible by the following stations : - Gare du Nord (10 min walking): Train RER B and D; Subway 5, 4 -Magenta (10 min wailking): Train RER E - La Chapelle (5min walking) : Subway 2 - Marx Dormoy (5min walking) : Subway 12 - Chateau Rouge (5min walking) : Subway 4 - Doudeauville : Bus 302 ( co
30855	Petit studio de 18 m2, très lumineux (au 6e étage avec asecenceur) idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il comprend une salle d'eau (douche et toilettes), une cuisine (séparée de la pièce à vivre) avec frigo, micro-onde, plaques électriques, machine à laver. 	J'ai 25 ans, je travaille à Paris et vis dans le 18 ème plus de 3 ans. Petit studio de 18 m2, très lumineux (au 6e étage avec asecenceur) idéal pour une personne seule ou un couple. Il comprend une salle d'eau (douche et toilettes), une cuisine (séparée de la pièce à vivre) avec frigo, micro-onde, plaques électriques, machine à laver. Je serai joignable par téléphone ou mail. Entre les quartiers de Barbès et Château Rouge/La Goutte d’Or. A 10 minutes à pieds du Sacré Cœur. L’immeuble est situé au cœur d’un quartier très animé et cosmopolite du 18ème arrondissement, mais le studio donne sur la cour, donc très calme ! (Ligne de métro 4, au pied de l’immeuble). il est proche de tous les commerces (supermarchés, marchés, bars, restaurants...). La ligne 4 est au pied de l'immeuble (littéralement !), cette ligne mène au centre de Paris : Chatelêt, Saint-Michel mais aussi aux principales gares (Gare du Nord, Gare de l'Est, Montparnasse...), la ligne 2 est aussi toute proche (moins de 500 mètr
30856	Il possède une cuisine américaine avec un bar qui occupe la longueur du salon, cela procure un charme unique et pratique.	Charmant appartement de 43 m2 au coeur du 18 ème, à 2 min du métro , cuisine toute équipée,  internet fibre, vidéo projecteur  transformant le salon  cinéma, machine,, sèche linge, tablette refait à neuf, très propre et épuré canapé convertible. Il possède une cuisine américaine avec un bar qui occupe la longueur du salon, cela procure un charme unique et pratique. A tout l appartement comme si il était chez eux. Petit rue piétonne à 2 min qui offre beaucoup de charme et de commerce de tout genre
30857		Situé dans le quartier Indien de PAris, notre 47m2 est décoré avec amour. Parquet au sol, moulures au plafond, murs gris, grande bibliothèque, grandes fenetres.. Quartier calme et populaire. Ligne de metro 2. Tout Paris est a 30min de metro maximum!
30858	Appartement de 35 m², moulures et parquet. 1 chambre séparée, 1 grand salon et une cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon Joliment décoré et refait à neuf cette année. Douche et WC séparé. Pouvant loger 2 personnes et 2 enfants (supplément 30 euors/pers.) Quartier animé, au pied de Montmartre et proche de nombreux sites culturels. Accès rapide aux Gares parisiennes en métro ou RER. Métro Château rouge, Barbès, Marcadet Poissoniers à moins de 5 min. RER Gare du Nord à 10 min à pied.	Appartement de 35 m², moulures et parquet. charmant et confortable. 1 chambre séparée, 1 grand salon et une cuisine équipée ouverte sur le salon Joliment décoré et refait à neuf cette année. Douche et WC séparé. Pouvant loger 2 personnes et 2 enfants (supplément 30 euors/pers.) Quartier animé, au pied de Montmartre et proche de nombreux sites culturels. Tous commerces à proximité. Accès rapide aux Gares parisiennes en métro ou RER.  Métros Château rouge, Barbès, Marcadet Poissoniers à moins de 5 min. RER Gare du Nord à 10 min à pied.
30859	1 parental suite in a cabin with access on the terrass + WC in the room 1 room with 2 pair of superimposed beds (for children)  Living room Kitchen to cook and eat Bathroom with shower, bath and WC Entrance	This house with a small terrasse on the roof (15m²), a garden, 2 bedrooms and an original decoration is a countryside space at the bottom of the Butte Montmartre. 1 parental suite in a cabin with access on the terrass + WC in the room 1 room with 2 pair of superimposed beds (for children)  Living room Kitchen to cook and eat Bathroom with shower, bath and WC Entrance During your stay we will be recheable at all time on the phone. We also have lovely and helpfull neighbours Sacré Coeur is the master piece of the 18th district A brasserie and an egyptian-like cinema at metro station barbés. Pigalle, Anvers, Butte Montmartre are just across the boulevard. We will leave indications for nice places around the corner. Metro station is Barbès (Chateau-rouge will soon be closed for works) Gare du Nord is very nearby
30860		Appartement 5/6 personnes  tout confort.  au pied du métro ligne 4 et 12  commerces a proximités  espace extérieur agréable.  chambre au calme    butte Montmartre a 10 mn
30861		75m2, 4 grandes pièces, idéal pour 4 adultes et 1 ou 2 enfants. Tout confort, équipement complet. Emplacement idéal, au coeur d'un quartier vivant et dynamique à proximité immédiate de Montmarte, cinéma, nombreux restaurants et métro.
30862		Un petit cocon de 20 m2 constitué d'une chambre, un salon et une cuisine indépendants. Très bien équipé : frigo, machine à laver, four, ventilateur, TV avec BOX et WIFI... A moins d'une minute du métro, à côté de Pigalle, Montmartre...
30863	Welcome to my apartment, located close to Montmartre and Canal St Martin (15 min. walk), where up to 5 people can come (two in the bedroom, two on the sofa bed , two in the children bedroom) Confortable for 3 and cosy for 4 people.  This is a typical charming parisian apartment with parquet floors, fireplace, open view with triple orientation (south, east, north), very bright and sunny, Central Paris at 10 minutes by RER/Metro train. Very good connexion to Airports: Charles de Gaulle at 45 min, Orly at 55  min. Close to Train stations: Gare du Nord at 7 min by walk and Gare de Est at 15 min. Lively and ethnic but quiet, with square, Vélib station and several Parisian cafes at the foot of the building, restaurants of Asian, African and North-African food nearby, pool and parks at 10 min. walk.  5th floor with elevator, 3 rooms (54 m2), double bedroom, bedroom with a crib with extra bed, living room with comfortable sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom / shower, recent appliances. Equipment: TV, 	Welcome to my apartment, located close to Montmartre and Canal St Martin (15 min. walk), where up to 5 people can come (two in the bedroom, two on the sofa bed , two in the children bedroom) Confortable for 3 and cosy for 4 people.  This is a typical charming parisian apartment with parquet floors, fireplace, open view with triple orientation (south, east, north), very bright and sunny, Central Paris at 10 minutes by RER/Metro train. Very good connexion to Airports: Charles de Gaulle at 45 min, Orly at 55  min. Close to Train stations: Gare du Nord at 7 min by walk and Gare de Est at 15 min. Lively and ethnic but quiet, with square, Vélib station and several Parisian cafes at the foot of the building, restaurants of Asian, African and North-African food nearby, pool and parks at 10 min. walk.  5th floor with elevator, 3 rooms (54 m2), double bedroom, bedroom with a crib with extra bed, living room with comfortable sofa bed, kitchen, bathroom / shower, recent appliances. Equipment: TV, 
30864	"The apartment is located on the Street Louis Blanc - 75010 Paris, 5 minutes from the Canal St Martin, but inside the courtyard, so very silent.15 minutes walking from Republic : - 5 minutes walking from the Metro station Louis Blanc : Lines 7 & 7 bis;  - 5 from Gare de l'Est : Lines 4, 5 & 7 - 5 mn from Stalingrad : Lines 2, 5 & 7 Direct access from Gare du Nord also : very easy for travelers using Eurostar it's a very bright apartment fully furnished, 145m² : - 3 large bedrooms with double beds (Tempur) totally comfortable that are recognised by NASA® and certified by The Space Foundation. - One huge living room with an american kitchen, 90m² , and an office upstairs - Bathroom with italian shower & jacuzzi Furnished and full equipped (oven, washing-machine, fridge,..). Free High Speed Internet with Wireless router installed. Air conditioning You will find many stores, restaurants and cafés in the neighborhood. One ""Franprix"" (convenient store) is open until 9pm. The area is a trendy,"	"The apartment is located on the Street Louis Blanc - 75010 Paris, 5 minutes from the Canal St Martin, but inside the courtyard, so very silent.15 minutes walking from Republic : - 5 minutes walking from the Metro station Louis Blanc : Lines 7 & 7 bis;  - 5 from Gare de l'Est : Lines 4, 5 & 7 - 5 mn from Stalingrad : Lines 2, 5 & 7 Direct access from Gare du Nord also : very easy for travelers using Eurostar it's a very bright apartment fully furnished, 145m² : - 3 large bedrooms with double beds (Tempur) totally comfortable that are recognised by NASA® and certified by The Space Foundation. - One huge living room with an american kitchen, 90m² , and an office upstairs - Bathroom with italian shower & jacuzzi Furnished and full equipped (oven, washing-machine, fridge,..). Free High Speed Internet with Wireless router installed. Air conditioning You will find many stores, restaurants and cafés in the neighborhood. One ""Franprix"" (convenient store) is open until 9pm. The area is a trendy,"
30865	Welcome to my humble abode! It's a little quiet gem in this bustling city which I'm sure you will adore! Let's start the visit shall we? 1. The apartment  It's a 50 sq. meter apartment with dark antique hard wood floors & 2 nice fireplaces in an ancient building (1930's). It's in the 3rd building (cross 2 courtyards to access it) and it's a very easy 3rd floor walk-up. One of the great perks of this place is that despite being in the heart of a busy area, it is utterly quiet because on both sides there are large courtyards and buildings fencing all street noises (So make sure you bring your alarm clock with you, otherwise you risk sleeping through your stay!) The main room is a double living room which is about 25 sq. meters (exactly half of the total surface of the flat). It includes an extendable diner table (accommodating up to 8), a big comfy sofa, nice designer coffee table (not on the pictures, I just bought it), a big flatscreen TV in case you want to lay low and watch a film (b	Welcome to my humble abode! It's a little quiet gem in this bustling city which I'm sure you will adore! Let's start the visit shall we? 1. The apartment  It's a 50 sq. meter apartment with dark antique hard wood floors & 2 nice fireplaces in an ancient building (1930's). It's in the 3rd building (cross 2 courtyards to access it) and it's a very easy 3rd floor walk-up. One of the great perks of this place is that despite being in the heart of a busy area, it is utterly quiet because on both sides there are large courtyards and buildings fencing all street noises (So make sure you bring your alarm clock with you, otherwise you risk sleeping through your stay!) The main room is a double living room which is about 25 sq. meters (exactly half of the total surface of the flat). It includes an extendable diner table (accommodating up to 8), a big comfy sofa, nice designer coffee table (not on the pictures, I just bought it), a big flatscreen TV in case you want to lay low and watch a film (b
30866	Beautiful apartment for rent:45 m2 ,5 th floor with elevator,furnished,comfortable,lots of lights,freshly renovated. Typical Parisian apartment from the early century with big double windows,wooden floors and beautiful prussian fireplace. The bedroom is also very light and quiet and propose appoint bed too. The living-room has a pull-out couch for 2 people and a view on the parisian roofs. Charming balcony where you can sun-bathe or have breakfast oe even dine while admiring the sunset. The apartment is plainly decorated in beige,white and grey tones keeping the place light and pleasant to live in. The kitchen has a stove with induction plaques and micro-wave oven,a fridge/freezer,all cooking ustensils. Travelers who like Montmartre will be pleased,as the bus 60,which stops close-by,will take you to this magnificient cosmopolitan area,filled with stories. Last,there is daily market which sells fresh and organic food,2 steps away... it will be easy to go shopping in the neighborhood whi	Beautiful apartment for rent:45 m2 ,5 th floor with elevator,furnished,comfortable,lots of lights,freshly renovated. Typical Parisian apartment from the early century with big double windows,wooden floors and beautiful prussian fireplace. The bedroom is also very light and quiet and propose appoint bed too. The living-room has a pull-out couch for 2 people and a view on the parisian roofs. Charming balcony where you can sun-bathe or have breakfast oe even dine while admiring the sunset. The apartment is plainly decorated in beige,white and grey tones keeping the place light and pleasant to live in. The kitchen has a stove with induction plaques and micro-wave oven,a fridge/freezer,all cooking ustensils. Travelers who like Montmartre will be pleased,as the bus 60,which stops close-by,will take you to this magnificient cosmopolitan area,filled with stories. Last,there is daily market which sells fresh and organic food,2 steps away... it will be easy to go shopping in the neighborhood whi
30867	Large and bright living room. Wifi & laptop access, HiFi system. Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction pan, microwave, kettle and accessories, dishwasher, washing machine…) and all amenities included.  2 double beds including comfortable convertible sofa. Linen & towels included. All rooms are quiet (double glaze windows).	At the third floor of a parisian style building, this charming 2 rooms flat (43m2) is wide, bright, quiet, recently refurbished. The place is very welcoming (shops, restaurants/bars), 10 minutes walk from the Sacré-Coeur and 15 min tube to Notre Dame Large and bright living room. Wifi & laptop access, HiFi system. Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, induction pan, microwave, kettle and accessories, dishwasher, washing machine…) and all amenities included.  2 double beds including comfortable convertible sofa. Linen & towels included. All rooms are quiet (double glaze windows). From the Sacré-Coeur, you will have the most beautiful and romantic view of Paris.  But the flat is also walking distance from Pigalle. Via subway, Saint-Ouen Flea market is 5 min away, Canal Saint Martin 7 min, Notre Dame 15min. Underground station : Château Rouge (line 4) “Gare du Nord” train stations within 5 minutes, allows to reach “Charles de Gaulle” airport almost direct.
30868	Calme et lumineux	Au pied de Montmartre et de sa Basilique, à deux pas du métro et de la Gare du Nord dans un quartier cosmopolite et animé, un appartement douillet et lumineux avec cuisine toute équipée (Four, lave-linge, wifi, micro-onde) qui donne sur cour calme. Calme et lumineux Logement entier. Acceuillir. Vivant, animé et central. Métro ligne 4
30869	3 pièces : 2 chambres avec un lit pour 2 personnes sur cour et un salon avec un divan lit pour une personne sur la rue. Cuisine américaine, douche, wc séparé, wifi. Pas de télévision. 3eme étage sans ascenseur. Confortable, spacieux et décoré bohème décontracté.  Dans le quartier de l'Olive, il y a un marché couvert, des bars, des restaurants. Il se passe des évenements culturels dans des lieux alternatifs. Il y a le métro Marx Dormoy à 5 mn de la maison et des bus.	3 pièces : 2 chambres avec un lit pour 2 personnes sur cour et un salon avec un divan lit pour une personne sur la rue. Cuisine américaine, douche, wc séparé, wifi. Pas de télévision. 3eme étage sans ascenseur. Confortable, spacieux et décoré bohème décontracté.  Dans le quartier de l'Olive, il y a un marché couvert, des bars, des restaurants. Il se passe des évenements culturels dans des lieux alternatifs. Il y a le métro Marx Dormoy à 5 mn de la maison et des bus. Serviettes de toilette, papier toilette, fond d'épicerie, four, grille pain, cafetière italienne, presse agrumes, bouilloire etc J'aimerais vous recevoir personnellement et systématiquement mais je ne serai pas toujours en mesure de le faire car je me déplace beaucoup. Vous êtes proches de Montmartre (20 mn à pied ou 10mn en métro), c'est un quartier populaire qui regorge de commerçants, bars et restaurants et d'un beau marché couvert le Marché de L'Olive. Adhérente d'un jardin partagé en face de chez moi je vous laisserai 
30870	C'est un charmant petit deux pièces qui vous fera vous sentir immédiatement chez vous.	Charmant deux pièces, idéal pour un séjour en couple ou entre amis profitez d'un quartier très accessible (L4 Montparnasse/Gare du nord/de l'est) et cosmopolite. Sacré Coeur à cinq minutes à pied, Notre Dame/Louvre 1/4 d'h en métro (4). Wifi dispo. C'est un charmant petit deux pièces qui vous fera vous sentir immédiatement chez vous. Le quartier Château-Rouge est l'un des quartiers les plus cosmopolites de la ville, dans les bas de Montmartre. Quartier historiquement populaire il connaît aujourd'hui des mutations importantes, la gentrification est à l'oeuvre et d'innombrables lieux alternatifs y naissent chaque jour. Métro : Ligne 4 (Chateau Rouge 2min) / 12 (Marcadet-Poissoniers 2min/ Château-Rouge) / 2 (Barbès-Rochechouart10 min). Idéalement desservi par les métros et les bus, cet appartement est une véritable aubaine pour le touriste qui souhaite visiter Paris ! Vous arrivez en train ? La ligne 4 qui dessert les gare Montparnasse, du Nord et de l'Est vous amènera jusqu'à Château Rou
30871	To rent for the period of the school holidays Town Hall right in the heart of Paris, close Subway and picturesque Parisian districts as the Buttes Chaumont, the Montmartre, Banks of the Seine Assured comfort, with three rooms  available in a triplex, two bathrooms and a corner garden to have breakfast. Very alive district, businesses nearby. Numerous restaurants, cinema, ballad on the quays of him(it) the Seine ...... Subway Stalingrad in two minutes, stop of the bus taking to the Louvre. 6 stations of Charles de Gaulle Etoile and the Champs-Elysées. Free of 2/08 in 21/08 Possibility for the other periods only school holidays.	To rent for the period of the school holidays Town Hall right in the heart of Paris, close Subway and picturesque Parisian districts as the Buttes Chaumont, the Montmartre, Banks of the Seine Assured comfort, with three rooms  available in a triplex, two bathrooms and a corner garden to have breakfast. Very alive district, businesses nearby. Numerous restaurants, cinema, ballad on the quays of him(it) the Seine ...... Subway Stalingrad in two minutes, stop of the bus taking to the Louvre. 6 stations of Charles de Gaulle Etoile and the Champs-Elysées. Free of 2/08 in 21/08 Possibility for the other periods only school holidays.
30872	Our flat has been entirely renovated in 2010. It's very quiet (courtyard view) and sunny (7 windows). It includes a living-room with an opened kitchen, 1 bedroom (the children bedroom is closed), a bathroom and separated toilets. The kitchen is fully equipped: 4 hot plates, an oven, a microwave oven, a toaster, a dish-washer, a washing machine (also dryer) and a fridge. The living room has a TV, a DVD player, an internet access (also wireless) and a convertible sofa. The bathroom has a large bathtub (also shower). The bedroom had a double bed. The location is perfect to discover Paris: the neighboorhood of Barbès-Rochechouart (metro lines 2 and 4, many buses) is right next to Gare du Nord and 10mn by walk to the Sacré-Coeur.	A cute flat close to the Sacré-Coeur and perfect to discover Paris because of the numerous transports close by (Gare du Nord, Barbès-Rochechouart) Our flat has been entirely renovated in 2010. It's very quiet (courtyard view) and sunny (7 windows). It includes a living-room with an opened kitchen, 1 bedroom (the children bedroom is closed), a bathroom and separated toilets. The kitchen is fully equipped: 4 hot plates, an oven, a microwave oven, a toaster, a dish-washer, a washing machine (also dryer) and a fridge. The living room has a TV, a DVD player, an internet access (also wireless) and a convertible sofa. The bathroom has a large bathtub (also shower). The bedroom had a double bed. The location is perfect to discover Paris: the neighboorhood of Barbès-Rochechouart (metro lines 2 and 4, many buses) is right next to Gare du Nord and 10mn by walk to the Sacré-Coeur.
30873		Charming and luminous LOFT STUDIO FLAT 30m2, last floor, located in the CENTER OF PARIS. La Chapelle subway station (5' to North & East stations Trains and RER to CDG/Orly airports). Clear view on Paris and Montmartre with a mini balcony. Furnished, full comfort, big double bed, bathroom, internet, wash.m. There is just one neighborhood in the flat below. All the neighborhoods are pleasant and discreet... 
30874	I live in a studio situated 12 mn from Gare du Nord.  This typical Parisian flat is full of light and fitted with all the necessary commodities - wifi, TV, washing machine, hot shower and kitchen. The king size bed as well as a nicely sized comfortable sofa-bed are available for guests. Cosy, calm and clean, you will enjoy a haven of peace amidst the busy city. (indeed the market of Chateau Rouge is very lively!!) You are welcome to use the kitchen to prepare your meals. A light breakfast is included.  A superfast wifi connexion will be at your disposal.   12 minute walk from Sacré Coeur, Montmartre... and 15 minutes walk from Moulin Rouge. The flat is situated on the 5th and last floor with no lift. The view from the top is amazing but one has to earn it.	You will have the whole apartment to yourself.  This is no longer rented as a shared room.  I live in a studio situated 12 mn from Gare du Nord.  This typical Parisian flat is full of light and fitted with all the necessary commodities - wifi, TV, washing machine, hot shower and kitchen. The king size bed as well as a nicely sized comfortable sofa-bed are available for guests. Cosy, calm and clean, you will enjoy a haven of peace amidst the busy city. (indeed the market of Chateau Rouge is very lively!!) You are welcome to use the kitchen to prepare your meals. A light breakfast is included.  A superfast wifi connexion will be at your disposal.   12 minute walk from Sacré Coeur, Montmartre... and 15 minutes walk from Moulin Rouge. The flat is situated on the 5th and last floor with no lift. The view from the top is amazing but one has to earn it. You will have to whole place to yourself. The place is about 27m2. Please note that the neighborhood is multicultural, working class and live
30875	Our top floor appartement is comfortable, sunny and full of charm (wood beams and hardwood flooring). It has a sitting room, open-plan and fully equipped kitchen (washing machine and dish washer). This open space is south facing and flooded with natural light. It also has a shallow mezzanine area which is very practical for storage (suitcases etc) The sitting room has a convertible sofa should you wish to have guests to stay. An extendible dining table in the kitchen area can seat 4 (or more!) The bedroom is at the back of the building and gives on to a quiet courtyard. The bedroom is equipped with storage areas for clothes, a wardrobe and a walk-in shower.   Free WiFi Internet is provided as well as hundreds of television channels. A radio and a record player are also at your disposal.  The building (dating from 1850) is secure with both digicode and intercom.  	Our charming, sunny flat is ideally located for visiting Paris. Perched at the top of a 1850's building, our lovely 1 bedroom flat (sleeps 4) is just 150m from the metro & 300m from the Sacre Coeur! Cosy and unique (Parquet, beams & open-plan living) Our top floor appartement is comfortable, sunny and full of charm (wood beams and hardwood flooring). It has a sitting room, open-plan and fully equipped kitchen (washing machine and dish washer). This open space is south facing and flooded with natural light. It also has a shallow mezzanine area which is very practical for storage (suitcases etc) The sitting room has a convertible sofa should you wish to have guests to stay. An extendible dining table in the kitchen area can seat 4 (or more!) The bedroom is at the back of the building and gives on to a quiet courtyard. The bedroom is equipped with storage areas for clothes, a wardrobe and a walk-in shower.   Free WiFi Internet is provided as well as hundreds of television channels. A radi
30876		Pleasant 50m2 apartment situated at the end of a quiet courtyard in the cosmopolitan Goutte d'Or district. 10 minutes on foot from Sacré-cœur, plenty of shops, restaurants and bars nearby. Can accommodate up to 4 people.  We share an interactive map with our visitors with our tips for Paris: local wine cellar, restaurants, bars, visits, etc.  3 minutes from Barbès-Rochechouart metro station, line 2 and 4 7 minutes on foot to Gare du Nord station and 2 metro stations away from Gare de l'Est station. 
30877	Our apartment is very sunny & quiet, on the 6th floor of a building. It is the perfect place to enjoy your stay in Paris, near the Montmartre arty area.  The place can welcome up to 4 people, in a cosy attic bedroom & a BIG (2mx2m) unfoldable sofa in the living-room. 	"Looking for a quiet & sunny place for your stay in Paris ? Our fully furnished flat, suitable for up to 4 people, is located down the Montmartre Hill, 15 minutes walking from the Sacré-Coeur. You can reach any area in Paris, using the metro. Enjoy! Our apartment is very sunny & quiet, on the 6th floor of a building. It is the perfect place to enjoy your stay in Paris, near the Montmartre arty area.  The place can welcome up to 4 people, in a cosy attic bedroom & a BIG (2mx2m) unfoldable sofa in the living-room. You will enjoy our fully furnished flat, with a beautiful equipped kitchen, including a washing-machine, a nice bathroom, and a sunny living-room. We will provide you a list of our favorite places in the neighborhood, and even show you the best plans for your stay in Paris. The neighborhood offers you typical shops, restaurants & bars, where you can enjoy a good drink after a visiting day. The ""arty"" mood of this area is known in all the town ! To reach the apartment, you cans u"
30878	Typical parisian flat of 90 square meters in Montmartre.  Three bedrooms, a big dining room, a bathroom and a kitchen. Parquet, moulures and marble fire places in the Hausmanien style.  The flat is equiped with a washing machine, café machine Nespresso, and (website hidden) with International Channels and telephone. Wi-Fi. The flat is situated (email hidden) at 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur and the fashion zone of Abbesses. Many restaurants, théaters (Théatre de l'Atélier, Théâtre des Abbesses, les Trois Baudets) and nightclubs and concert halls (Moulin Rouge, Divan du Monde...) in the neighbours. 5 minutes to join the two nearest tube stops Anvers and Barbès. Many gardens and museums next to the flat( Halles St. Pierre, Lapin Agile, Musée de la Vie Romantique...) and the new cinema Le Luxor.	Typical parisian flat of 90 square meters in Montmartre.  Three bedrooms, a big dining room, a bathroom and a kitchen. Parquet, moulures and marble fire places in the Hausmanien style.  The flat is equiped with a washing machine, café machine Nespresso, and (website hidden) with International Channels and telephone. Wi-Fi. The flat is situated (email hidden) at 10 minutes from the Sacré Coeur and the fashion zone of Abbesses. Many restaurants, théaters (Théatre de l'Atélier, Théâtre des Abbesses, les Trois Baudets) and nightclubs and concert halls (Moulin Rouge, Divan du Monde...) in the neighbours. 5 minutes to join the two nearest tube stops Anvers and Barbès. Many gardens and museums next to the flat( Halles St. Pierre, Lapin Agile, Musée de la Vie Romantique...) and the new cinema Le Luxor.
30879	This apartment is where I live everyday so it has a lot of identity I hope you will like! I go from times to times on week end or for holidays so I though it was a good opportunity for travelers to enjoy Paris living in a very typical parisian flat!  I love this neighborhood because it is not as touristic as common places in Paris, you will be 5 min walking from Montmartre, and you will enjoy the dailylife of the neightborhood!  The location is ideal because it is not that far from all touristic places : Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Saint Germain des Près, Musée du Louvre, Champs Elysée, Place Vendome, Galleries Lafayette and with its proper identity! Living within the 18eme arrondissement will allow you to discover the north of Paris, a very nice and hype part of Paris.	I live in a very typical parisian flat, 5min walking distance from Montmartre, in the north of Paris. One living room with a sofa bed for 2 and one bedroom with a double bed. It is a bright and spacious apartment within a very lively  district! This apartment is where I live everyday so it has a lot of identity I hope you will like! I go from times to times on week end or for holidays so I though it was a good opportunity for travelers to enjoy Paris living in a very typical parisian flat!  I love this neighborhood because it is not as touristic as common places in Paris, you will be 5 min walking from Montmartre, and you will enjoy the dailylife of the neightborhood!  The location is ideal because it is not that far from all touristic places : Pigalle, Moulin Rouge, Saint Germain des Près, Musée du Louvre, Champs Elysée, Place Vendome, Galleries Lafayette and with its proper identity! Living within the 18eme arrondissement will allow you to discover the north of Paris, a very nice and
30880	30m2 une jolie salle de bains aux petits carreaux bleus et soleil dans la baignoire l'après midi. une chambre avec un lit deux places des livres aux murs un canapé dans la première pièce avec coin cuisine aménagé très lumineux.	Deux minutes du métro Marx Dormoy. bus 35, 65 et 60 proche gare du nord et gare de l'est TT commerce quartier piétonnier et marché couvert à 200m. Très clair et ensoleillé à partir de midi. 4ème étage ss ascenseur 30m2 une jolie salle de bains aux petits carreaux bleus et soleil dans la baignoire l'après midi. une chambre avec un lit deux places des livres aux murs un canapé dans la première pièce avec coin cuisine aménagé très lumineux. accès wifi et tel par téléphone surtout accueil assuré par moi-même, quelqu'un de ma famille ou un de mes voisins. Quartier populaire, cosmopolite, proche du sacré-coeur et de Montmartre au double caractère, provincial par son marché couvert, et parfumé de menthe et de cumin par ses petits commerçants orientaux. métro marx dormoy bus 35, 65, 60 velib. RER B pour CDG station gare du nord et bus 35 et 65 ou 1km à pied RER D pour Orly ou navette
30881	Located in the heart of Paris with a straight access to Gare du Nord (eurostar train or Orly airport), Charles de Gaulle airport, gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse.  A few minutes walk from : Montmartre, Abesses, Moulin Rouge, rue des Martyres, African neighbourhood Chateau Rouge, Indian neighbourhood La Chapelle.  With an easy access on transportation thanks to several subway lines and buses in front of my building ! : Métro (Lines 4 and 2), buses (phone number hidden)), vélib. RER B 5min walk. You can then easily reach the flea market in Clignancourt, République, le canal St Martin, Le Marais, Belleville, Ménilmontant, Saint-Germain, Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, la Tour Eiffel, les Champs-Elysées, Gare Saint-Lazare, Galerie Lafayette and Printemps large department stores etc.. .  The district Barbès-Rochechouart is typically parisian and full of gorgeous food and nice fashionable bars,  you will also find theaters which will make you stay very pleasant and memorable.  After a day t	Located in the heart of Paris with a straight access to Gare du Nord (eurostar train or Orly airport), Charles de Gaulle airport, gare de l'Est, Gare Montparnasse.  A few minutes walk from : Montmartre, Abesses, Moulin Rouge, rue des Martyres, African neighbourhood Chateau Rouge, Indian neighbourhood La Chapelle.  With an easy access on transportation thanks to several subway lines and buses in front of my building ! : Métro (Lines 4 and 2), buses (phone number hidden)), vélib. RER B 5min walk. You can then easily reach the flea market in Clignancourt, République, le canal St Martin, Le Marais, Belleville, Ménilmontant, Saint-Germain, Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, la Tour Eiffel, les Champs-Elysées, Gare Saint-Lazare, Galerie Lafayette and Printemps large department stores etc.. .  The district Barbès-Rochechouart is typically parisian and full of gorgeous food and nice fashionable bars,  you will also find theaters which will make you stay very pleasant and memorable.  After a day t
30882	"I speak English. Je parle français. Я говорю по-русски. Hablo un poco espanol. Ich spreche Deutsch aber nicht sehr gut. An independent studio near La Fourche metro station, 23 sq m (=248 sq ft). Let's be clear: this is not a ""luxurious penthouse in the heart of Paris with an Eiffel Tower view"". It is simply a functional, clean, comfortable studio where you can sleep, take a shower, cook, work, and relax. All main tourist attractions are easily accessible on foot or by metro. Important: it is on the 6th floor without an elevator (7th floor in the U.S. system). For this reason, I personally meet you at your arrival and departure (whatever the hour) to take your suitcases up or down the stairs. The advantage of being on the 6th floor is an extremely clear view - no buildings in front of your window. Area: 5-minute walk to Place de Clichy (nightlife area with restaurants, cinemas, clubs), 10-minute walk to Moulin Rouge and Montmartre, 15-minute walk to the Sacré-Coeur. 15-minute metro ride"	"An independent apartment close to La Fourche metro station. Fully equipped, functional, clean, comfortable, for 1 or 2 guests. Close to Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Sacré-Coeur - all main tourist attractions are easily accessible on foot or by metro. I speak English. Je parle français. Я говорю по-русски. Hablo un poco espanol. Ich spreche Deutsch aber nicht sehr gut. An independent studio near La Fourche metro station, 23 sq m (=248 sq ft). Let's be clear: this is not a ""luxurious penthouse in the heart of Paris with an Eiffel Tower view"". It is simply a functional, clean, comfortable studio where you can sleep, take a shower, cook, work, and relax. All main tourist attractions are easily accessible on foot or by metro. Important: it is on the 6th floor without an elevator (7th floor in the U.S. system). For this reason, I personally meet you at your arrival and departure (whatever the hour) to take your suitcases up or down the stairs. The advantage of being on the 6th floor is an extre"
30883	Appartement de 105 m2, 6 pièces, 4 chambres, un double séjour, 2 salles de bain, 2 toilettes.	Au pied de Montmartre, dans un beau quartier haussmanien, appartement ancien (parquet, moulures, cheminées) refait à neuf de 6 pièces (4 chambres) au 4e étage (sans ascenseur). D'accessibilité aisée (station La Fourche, ligne 13 à 2 min mais aussi ligne 2 à 5 min), il permet d'atteindre rapidement les grands magasins (10 min), les Champs Elysées (15 min), Le Louvre ou le cimetière du père Lachaise (20 min). Nombreux commerces, restaurants, cinémas et salles de spectacle à proximité. Appartement de 105 m2, 6 pièces, 4 chambres, un double séjour, 2 salles de bain, 2 toilettes. L'appartement est très aisé d'accès par les transports en commun (métro ou bus) : de l'aéroport Charles de Gaulle (1 h) ; 30 min de la gare de Lyon (1 changement)... Une petite rue calme dans un quartier vivant : commerces, cinémas, restaurants, salles de spectacle, sites touristiques à proximité accessibles à pied ou en transports en commun (butte Montmartre, Sacré Coeur, Les grands magasins, Les Champs Elysées, L
30884	These two rooms for 4 people is warm, pleasant and functional, you will not be disappointed with the stay! At the bottom of Montmartre, enjoy this city neighborhood in Paris and go to Paris with all its many means of transport The apartment is located in a residence with caretaker and guardian. Located on the 5th floor with elevator. 40m2 apartment with bathroom, living room, bedroom and a separate kitchen with hob, oven, microwave. Possibility to accommodate 4 people with a real bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room TV + Internet Guy Moquet is a dynamic area at the foot of Montmartre (10 minutes walk). There are many shopping and restaurant around You can also stroll through the neighborhood das batignolles, known for its bars and restaurant trends, and its lovely parks for the summer	These two rooms for 4 people is warm, pleasant and functional, you will not be disappointed with the stay! At the bottom of Montmartre, enjoy this city neighborhood in Paris and go to Paris with all its many means of transport The apartment is located in a residence with caretaker and guardian. Located on the 5th floor with elevator. 40m2 apartment with bathroom, living room, bedroom and a separate kitchen with hob, oven, microwave. Possibility to accommodate 4 people with a real bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room TV + Internet Guy Moquet is a dynamic area at the foot of Montmartre (10 minutes walk). There are many shopping and restaurant around You can also stroll through the neighborhood das batignolles, known for its bars and restaurant trends, and its lovely parks for the summer
30885	triplex apartement, with one double bedroom downstairs, 1 people couch in living room and one double bed couch up in the mezzanine. rent the mezzanine private room and if available rent the full apartment. special price for the room only, and website price for the full apartment. maximum stay: 1 week if private room, and 2 weeks if full apartment. Really popular and cheap district, 10 minutes walk from montmartre artistic district and from the north station. nice balcony with view on courtyard and free wifi	triplex apartement, with one double bedroom downstairs, 1 people couch in living room and one double bed couch up in the mezzanine. rent the mezzanine private room and if available rent the full apartment. special price for the room only, and website price for the full apartment. maximum stay: 1 week if private room, and 2 weeks if full apartment. Really popular and cheap district, 10 minutes walk from montmartre artistic district and from the north station. nice balcony with view on courtyard and free wifi free wifi and access to all apartment facilities quartier populaire a fort caractere et beaucoup de magasins exotiques. lot of exotic shops, (india, african, eastern european and arabic) key provided and code for entrance during daytime
30886	"    Hi everyone !      I live in a cosy flat, only 5 min by foot from Montmartre, in the African neighborhood of Paris. Here is a very special atmosphere, one that you can't find anywhere else in Paris.  My flat is composed of two separated spaces : one room with a double bed and a living room. There is one kitchen, also separated of the other rooms. I have WI-FI, and a bathroom. The streets are usually crowded and pretty much loud in the afternoon, but the building, and my place is really peacefull and quiet.  It is ideally situated in Montmartre, about 8-10 mn walking to the Sacré-Coeur. There are many shops, cafés, restaurant close by. You can find as well African, Indian food as well as typically French food. The closest metro station is ""Chateau-Rouge"" on line 4 (the pink one), you can also catch the metro by the stations ""Marcadet-Poissoniers"" and ""Jules Joffrin"" on line 12 (the green one) and Barbès on line 2.  You have also velib' stations.  If you come at my place, I can give "	"    Hi everyone !      I live in a cosy flat, only 5 min by foot from Montmartre, in the African neighborhood of Paris. Here is a very special atmosphere, one that you can't find anywhere else in Paris.  My flat is composed of two separated spaces : one room with a double bed and a living room. There is one kitchen, also separated of the other rooms. I have WI-FI, and a bathroom. The streets are usually crowded and pretty much loud in the afternoon, but the building, and my place is really peacefull and quiet.  It is ideally situated in Montmartre, about 8-10 mn walking to the Sacré-Coeur. There are many shops, cafés, restaurant close by. You can find as well African, Indian food as well as typically French food. The closest metro station is ""Chateau-Rouge"" on line 4 (the pink one), you can also catch the metro by the stations ""Marcadet-Poissoniers"" and ""Jules Joffrin"" on line 12 (the green one) and Barbès on line 2.  You have also velib' stations.  If you come at my place, I can give "
30887	Appartment's details: Fournished kitchen. One bedroom with a bed (140 x 200 cm), and a baby bed. A living room with a convertible sofa that can welcome 2 more people. A bathroom with shower and washbowl that is opening on the bedroom. Situated in the courtyard, 4th floor without elevator. 	Charming 2 bedrooms, well situated in the center of Barbes, a fun and popular paris's district.  In this cosmopolitan neibourhood, you'll discover Paris as if you were living there.  Appartment's details: Fournished kitchen. One bedroom with a bed (140 x 200 cm), and a baby bed. A living room with a convertible sofa that can welcome 2 more people. A bathroom with shower and washbowl that is opening on the bedroom. Situated in the courtyard, 4th floor without elevator. fridge, all in one microwave-oven, coffee machine and a washing machine. The bed sheets and bath towels are furnished. In this cosmopolitan neibourhood, you'll discover Paris as if you were living there. A traditional hammam is offering its service in the courtyard. The very popular Barbes's market is standing in front of the building and takes place every Wenesday and Saturday. In front, the well known Louxor, a cinema from the 20's. You'll be pleased to discover its achitecture inspired by Egyptian tradition and to see 
30888		La télévision, le micro-ondes, le réfrigérateur, une glacière électrique, la cuisinière, et un matelas gonflable 2personnes, du linge de maison et le code wifi sont à disposition. Café, thé et chocolat également.  Je serai absente du logement pendant votre séjour mais je reste disponible  et joignable si besoin est. Pour que le séjour se passe au mieux et que vous puissiez en profiter au maximum.  Quartier vivant et populaire. Tout à proximité. Des salles de théâtre, des chichas, des restaurants et bars ouverts jusqu'à tard le soir. On peut avoir un creux jusqu'à 2h du matin ! Lol. Proche toutes commodités ( supermarchés, boucheries, boulangeries, marché, bijouteries, banques, la poste, restos, bars, fast-food, ethnic food, bazars, etc... )et du centre commercial Le Millénaire (20minutes à pied ou 10 en bus! ). Gare du nord, gare de l'est, la station la chapelle ou celle de la porte de la chapelle pas loin. Les lignes de métro accessibles depuis l'appartement sont les lignes 12 et 4. L
30889		Appartement lumineux situé au rez de chaussée, récemment rénové, cuisine toute équipée, un canapé lit dans le séjour/cuisine pour un 2ème couchage. Salle de bain avec douche et wc. Chambre indépendante, literie neuve, linge fournit. Pas d'animaux.
30890	Appartement type parisien, habité pendant l'année par les propriétaires qui vous laissent les jeux, livres, fond de maison à disposition pendant votre séjour. 3 chambres : 20 m² pour les parents (lit 160X200), 16m² et 2 lits en mezzanines, 9m² avec un lit simple. salon 20 m²	Appartement de 94 m² dans le quartier cosmopolite de la goutte d'or, au pied de la butte Montmartre, à 1 minute du métro Château rouge (ligne 4). Parking couvert en supplément. 3 chambres + séjour + cuisine ouverte + salle de bain. Vue dégagée. Appartement type parisien, habité pendant l'année par les propriétaires qui vous laissent les jeux, livres, fond de maison à disposition pendant votre séjour. 3 chambres : 20 m² pour les parents (lit 160X200), 16m² et 2 lits en mezzanines, 9m² avec un lit simple. salon 20 m² la totalité de l'appartement reste accessible aux locataires. Nous vous accueillerons le jour de votre arrivée et nous pourrons vous présenter le quartier si vous le souhaitez, vous indiquez les restos et les bars sympas du quartier (ils sont nombreux). Quartier populaire et cosmopolite de la Goutte d'or, quartier historique...à quelques minutes du métro Barbès (7 minutes) et à quelques minutes du Sacré Coeur (7 minutes) quartier de contraste ! 1 minute du métro Château roug
30891	This little french-mexican flat of two rooms is perfect for a nice stay in Paris for couple or friendly travel, for 4 persons max.     	Deux pièces franco-mexicain très chaleureux. A cinq minutes de Montmartre et à deux pas de la ligne 4 qui dessert tous les lieux touristiques.....  TWO VERY NICE FRENCH MEXICAN ROOMS, 10 MIN FROM MONTMARTRE !! AND CLOSE TO METRO STATION L4. This little french-mexican flat of two rooms is perfect for a nice stay in Paris for couple or friendly travel, for 4 persons max.      Dans la chambre à coucher, un lit deux places est disponible. La salle de bain est accessible par la chambre. Dans la première pièce - salon, il y a une petite cuisine, une table pour manger, un canapé convertible très confortable et un matelas d'appoint.  - There is a double room with big bed and the bathroom, in the other room, there is a small kitchen and a sofa convertible where two people can sleep comfortably. There is a small mattress in addition.  - Son dos cuartos, uno con cama doble y el bano, en el otro hay la cocina, mesa para comer, un sofa cama y colchon extra.  Nous ne serons pas présentes pour l'accu
30892		Très joli studio meublé de 16 m2, refait à neuf et très lumineux  avec une superbe vue sur le Sacre Cœur. Le studio se compose d’une cuisine entièrement équipée, d’une salle de bain impeccable, d’un lit de 160x200cm, d’une armoire.
30893	An adorable Parisian apartment for 2 guests in a quiet street of the 18th Arrondissement, at the crossroad of the Butte Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur and the African Market. The apartment is very peaceful and has a lot of light. It's on the 3rd and last floor. It's 30 square meters, composed of a living room, a fully equiped kitchen, a separated bedroom with a fireplace, and a bathroom (with a bathtub!). The subway stations are Marcadet-Poissonniers (4,12), Château-Rouge (4) and La Chapelle (2).	An adorable Parisian apartment for 2 guests in a quiet street of the 18th Arrondissement, at the crossroad of the Butte Montmartre, the Sacré Coeur and the African Market. The apartment is very peaceful and has a lot of light. It's on the 3rd and last floor. It's 30 square meters, composed of a living room, a fully equiped kitchen, a separated bedroom with a fireplace, and a bathroom (with a bathtub!). The subway stations are Marcadet-Poissonniers (4,12), Château-Rouge (4) and La Chapelle (2).
30894	"The apartment is quiet. A perfect place for a couple or people who want to discover undergound places in the city during few days. You can walk into different cool spots (touristic and local places). Also, Marx Dormoy subway station is five minutes walking (L12 - North to South), or La Chapelle subway station is 10 minutes walking (L2 - East to West). You can have a lunch at ""Le Marché de l'Olive"" and enjoy the experience in this neighborhood"	Nice 30m2 apartment with a bedroom.    A kitchen with everything you need for cooking.  Really close to 'Le marché de l'Olive' a nice market place. Close to Montmartre and Canal de l'Ourc : very popular places in the north of Paris.
30895	Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris, vous pourrez flâner dans les rues de Montmartre et visiter le Sacré coeur à pied depuis l'appartement. Vous trouverez à 2 pas de l'immeuble 2 lignes de métro : 13 et 2, ce qui vous permettra d'être en 5 minutes sur les Champs-Elysées, à 12 minutes du centre de Paris : Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Le Marais, Châtelet ...	Entre Montmartre et Les Batignolles, mon 2 pièces de 38m2, avec cuisine aménagée, 1 salon, 1 chambre, 1 salle de bain au 5 étage avec ascenseur, et surtout un balcon idéal pour les pti déj et les apéros, vous séduira par sa luminosité et son calme ! Idéalement situé pour découvrir Paris, vous pourrez flâner dans les rues de Montmartre et visiter le Sacré coeur à pied depuis l'appartement. Vous trouverez à 2 pas de l'immeuble 2 lignes de métro : 13 et 2, ce qui vous permettra d'être en 5 minutes sur les Champs-Elysées, à 12 minutes du centre de Paris : Beaubourg, Notre-Dame, Le Marais, Châtelet ... Accès au logement entier Je suis disponible par mail à toute heure ! Quartier avec tous commerces au pied du métro : commerces de bouche, supermarchés, bars, boutiques de vêtements, pti restaurant de quartier... En transport en commun, métro ligne 2, arrêt: Place de Clichy et métro ligne 13, arrêt : La Fourche. Le ménage n est pas compris dans les tarifs annoncés. Tout est disponible dans l a
30896		Appartement de 2 pièces au premier étage d'un bel immeuble. Quartier calme et agréable à deux pas de la butte Montmartre pour se balader en journée ou de Pigalle pour sortir le soir ! Cuisine indépendante et entièrement équipée.
30897	Appartement refait à neuf en avril 2014 de 36 m². Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à 10 minutes en métro des Halles de Paris, à  20 minutes des Galeries LaFayette, de l’Opéra de  Paris, à 30  minutes du Louvre, de Notre Dame et de la Tour Eiffel. Bien desservi en transport et commerces Proche des restaurants, bar, bar à vins. Idéal pour visiter et sortir à Paris. Le logement se situe dans une cour calme et fleuries. Une chambre avec un lit double d’1m60 et une commande. Une cuisine équipée avec 4 plaques de cuisson, frigo, congélateur, lave-vaiselle, bouilloire, four et four à micro-onde… Une salle de bain avec une baignoire sabot, sèche cheveux et machine à laver. Toilettes séparés. Un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit pour couchage quotidien d’1m40 (mécanisme simple et rapide) et Wifi. Serviettes et draps fournis. 	Appartement refait à neuf en avril 2014 de 36 m². Au pied de la Butte Montmartre, à 10 minutes en métro des Halles de Paris, à  20 minutes des Galeries LaFayette, de l’Opéra de  Paris, à 30  minutes du Louvre, de Notre Dame et de la Tour Eiffel. Bien desservi en transport et commerces Proche des restaurants, bar, bar à vins. Idéal pour visiter et sortir à Paris. Le logement se situe dans une cour calme et fleuries. Une chambre avec un lit double d’1m60 et une commande. Une cuisine équipée avec 4 plaques de cuisson, frigo, congélateur, lave-vaiselle, bouilloire, four et four à micro-onde… Une salle de bain avec une baignoire sabot, sèche cheveux et machine à laver. Toilettes séparés. Un salon avec un canapé convertible en lit pour couchage quotidien d’1m40 (mécanisme simple et rapide) et Wifi. Serviettes et draps fournis. L’appartement est à disposition des voyageurs.  Idéal pour deux ou 4 personnes. Par téléphone, mail ou sms.  Au plaisir de vous accueillir prochainement Quartier animé
30898		Joli studio avec cuisine ouverte : plaques électriques et machine à laver à disposition.  Une mezzanine pour deux.  Atout charme : un balcon de 8m2 avec une table pour 4 personnes et un barbecue électrique. Soleil à partir de 16h. Idéal pour l'été ! Accès à toutes les parties. Le 18ème arrondissement de Paris est un quartier vivant et très agréable à vivre. Le mercredi et samedi, le marché de Barbes est un incontournable. Dans notre rue et aux alentours existent de nombreux bars charmants pour boire un verre ou pour dîner. L'appartement est situé à proximité de plusieurs stations de métro : La Chapelle (ligne 2) - Marx Dormoy (Ligne 12) et Barbes-Rochechouart (ligne 4).
30899	By entering on the left there is the living room and the streetside bedroom. On the right there is equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave oven, oven, fridge....), toilet and the other bedroom in whichone there is the separated bathroom (shower and washbasin). The flat can host from 4 to 6 people.	Charming and sunny flat in Chateau Rouge district. At 4th floor, composed by 2 bedrooms, living-room with sofa bed and kitchen, toilet and bathroom in one of bedroom. Each bedroom has decorative cheminey, double bed, mirror and wardrobe. By entering on the left there is the living room and the streetside bedroom. On the right there is equipped kitchen (washing machine, microwave oven, oven, fridge....), toilet and the other bedroom in whichone there is the separated bathroom (shower and washbasin). The flat can host from 4 to 6 people. Kitchen, Bathroom in Justine's bed room and toilet with washbasin. Check out check in Château Rouge is a Paris quartier, located in the east side of Montmartre hill, in the 18e district. In informal way it takes part of the Goutte d'Or and Clignancourt districts.   It's a vibrant and multicultural quartier during the day, characterized by the presence of african population. It's cheap and there is a Carrefour market opened until 10:30 PM. The best anch c
