29400	25m2 studio in the centre of Paris (2e) with separate kitchen, bathroom, and large balcony. 2nd floor w/ lift. Fully furnished. Near Metros Reaumur Sebastopol (3,4), Strasbourg Saint Denis (4,8,9), and Arts et Metiers (3,11).  The main room has a futon and a lofted bed. Fast WIFI and free international calling. Printer, desk space, etc.  The kitchen has a table, fridge, stove top, kettle, convection oven, and all of the utensils and cookware you'll need. The bathroom is spacious and has wc, sink, and shower (with great pressure!).  The location is really great and the neighborhood is lively during the day, yet quiet at night. 10 minute walk to the Pompidou Centre, 15 minute walk to the Louvre, and 2 minutes walk to shops and pubs and cafes. If you're looking for a nice night life, it's really close to Grands Boulevards where there are clubs and late night pubs. If you're looking for something a bit more calm and cultural, it's close to le Marais and the pedestrian street rue Montrogeui	25m2 studio in the centre of Paris (2e) with separate kitchen, bathroom, and large balcony. 2nd floor w/ lift. Fully furnished. Near Metros Reaumur Sebastopol (3,4), Strasbourg Saint Denis (4,8,9), and Arts et Metiers (3,11).  The main room has a futon and a lofted bed. Fast WIFI and free international calling. Printer, desk space, etc.  The kitchen has a table, fridge, stove top, kettle, convection oven, and all of the utensils and cookware you'll need. The bathroom is spacious and has wc, sink, and shower (with great pressure!).  The location is really great and the neighborhood is lively during the day, yet quiet at night. 10 minute walk to the Pompidou Centre, 15 minute walk to the Louvre, and 2 minutes walk to shops and pubs and cafes. If you're looking for a nice night life, it's really close to Grands Boulevards where there are clubs and late night pubs. If you're looking for something a bit more calm and cultural, it's close to le Marais and the pedestrian street rue Montrogeui
29401	Luxurious apartment of 150m² in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, a few steps from the Opera Garnier and the Royal Palace. Modern, comfortable and well bright. There is a large lounge to enjoy a drink with your family or friends. Let's cook delicious meals in the fully equipped kitchen. The apartment has easy access to all of the city with the metro station 5min far from. This Parisian apartment for 8 people will make your stay in Paris unforgettable. Please note that the furnishings in the pictures are subject to change.	"An outstanding luxury apartment located in the second arrondissement of Paris.  Modern, comfortable and bright, this apartment will surely make your stay in Paris absolutely unforgettable! Luxurious apartment of 150m² in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, a few steps from the Opera Garnier and the Royal Palace. Modern, comfortable and well bright. There is a large lounge to enjoy a drink with your family or friends. Let's cook delicious meals in the fully equipped kitchen. The apartment has easy access to all of the city with the metro station 5min far from. This Parisian apartment for 8 people will make your stay in Paris unforgettable. Please note that the furnishings in the pictures are subject to change. Opéra Garnier Musée Grevin Bourse de Paris Grands Boulevards (Galeries Lafayette) Metro line : 3, 8 & 9 Bus You can also come and explore the famous ""Passage des panoramas"" who is just near. There is also several other covered passageway around, that's one of the surprises which the "
29402	With elevator, on the 5th floor very sunlight, with one seprated bedroom, this apartment is RUE Montmartre in the hearth of PARIS, pedestrianised distric Montorgueil-Sentier. At few step of all touristics sites : Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Beaubourg, le Marais, Opéra. Adress  is    rue MONTMARTRE  in PARIS center in the second district , pedestrianised Rue Montorgueil : just close OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, CHATELET Les HALLES, Jardins des TUILERIES-LE LOUVRE The 2e arrondissement is know for being tidy and known for business, shopping, restaurants and Parisian stylelife, grocers, delicatessens and pavement cafés. You will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in neighboohood with the big shop like AGNESB, DIESEL... On the 5th floor with elevator  very sunlights, very quiet on court yard , apartment of 30 meter square large very sunlight large living room with  kitchen ; Large windows in the living. With TV on internet with international channels, internet wifi, washing machin, fans, ir	With elevator, on the 5th floor very sunlight, with one seprated bedroom, this apartment is RUE Montmartre in the hearth of PARIS, pedestrianised distric Montorgueil-Sentier. At few step of all touristics sites : Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Beaubourg, With elevator, on the 5th floor very sunlight, with one seprated bedroom, this apartment is RUE Montmartre in the hearth of PARIS, pedestrianised distric Montorgueil-Sentier. At few step of all touristics sites : Le Louvre, Palais Royal, Beaubourg, le Marais, Opéra. Adress  is    rue MONTMARTRE  in PARIS center in the second district , pedestrianised Rue Montorgueil : just close OPERA, PALAIS ROYAL, CHATELET Les HALLES, Jardins des TUILERIES-LE LOUVRE The 2e arrondissement is know for being tidy and known for business, shopping, restaurants and Parisian stylelife, grocers, delicatessens and pavement cafés. You will find grocery store of good value and cheaper in neighboohood with the big shop like AGNESB, DIESEL... On the 5th floor with elev
29403	Le studio est indépendant, les voyageurs ont accès à l'Internet . La cuisinette est équipée pour préparer ses repas.	16 m2 meublé en plein cœur de Paris à quelques mètres du quartier Montorgeuil. Belle luminosité . Cuisine équipée séparée , salle de bain .  3 ième étage. Metro Sentier ou Réaumur Sébastopol . Le studio est indépendant, les voyageurs ont accès à l'Internet . La cuisinette est équipée pour préparer ses repas. Vous pouvez me joindre par la messagerie Airbnb ou par téléphone durant toute la durée de votre séjour. Vous trouverez les commerces, restaurants et bars dans un quartier piéton et typiquement parisien. Vous êtes tout proches, (vous pouvez y aller à pied en 5 à 15 minutes), du Palais Royal, du Musée du Louvre, du quartier du Marais, de la Place des Vosges et du musée Picasso. Bref vous êtes très bien placés pour bien profiter de la vie parisienne pendant votre séjour. métro Réaumur Sébastopol , ou sentier . La station châtelet les Halles est à 10 min à pied si vous voulez prendre le RER.
29404	Beautiful duplex, ideally located in the lively heart of Paris Montorgueil area. 3 bedrooms. 1 Bathroom +  All amenities available. Very quiet while close to shops, museum, theatres, restaurants, nightclubs. 	Beautiful duplex, ideally located in the lively heart of Paris Montorgueil area. 3 bedrooms. 1 Bathroom + additional shower. 2 toilets. Nice kitchen All amenities available. Very quiet while close to shops, museum, theatres, restaurants, nightclubs. Beautiful duplex, ideally located in the lively heart of Paris Montorgueil area. 3 bedrooms. 1 Bathroom +  All amenities available. Very quiet while close to shops, museum, theatres, restaurants, nightclubs. 
29405		A nice room with a double bed and a big closet. The flat (I live in it) is located at the very center of Paris (SENTIER / MONTORGUEIL).  Subway, supermarket, bar, clubbing, restaurant: it's all here! And of course, we offer you the breakfast! The Rue Montorgueil neighborhood is a vibrant pedestrian area in the heart of Paris. One of Paris' permanent market streets, Rue Montorgueil boasts some of the best meat and fish markets in the city, along with renowned pastry shops like La Maison Stohrer, cozy bistros, boutiques, and bars diverse enough to please hipsters and traditionalists alike. This district shows how even the busy center of Paris reserves village-like nooks. The Rue Montorgueil neighborhood is a small section of the Châtelet-Les Halles district, located at the city center. North of Rue Montorgueil is the area known as the Grands Boulevards; directly south is the Saint-Eustache Cathedral and Les Halles. Main streets around Rue Montorgueil: Rue Etienne Marcel, Rue Tiquetonne, 
29406		Très bel appartement familial de 130m2 en duplex en plein coeur de Paris, Place des Victoires. Il est composé de 3 chambres, 2 salles de bain, une grande cuisine dinatoire ainsi qu'un double salon/salle à manger. Nous pouvons aussi fournir un lit bébé ainsi qu'une chaise haute et un siège pour le bain de bébé.
29407		Appartement plein de charme dans le 2eme arrondissement (métro quatre septembre, opéra et pyramide) avec un grand salon 2 chambres avec lit double (une grande et un petite). Tout équipé: lave-vaisselle, four, plaques, microonde, machine à laver, wifi
29408	In the room, east facing, you will be gently waken up by the rising sun. This room is very bright in the morning, has a view on a little street and is perfect for who wants to be dynamic in the morning.  You can relax in the living room that you will share with my roommate, he is very chill and considerate.  The kitchen is very convenient and you will find many tools in addition to the oven, the induction hob, the fridge, the freezer. The bathroom is equipped with a large bathtub and you will experience our very personal toilets.	Between Grands Boulevards and Montorgueil.  In the very center of Paris : almost all major places in Paris accessible by step + 4 metro lines and many buses ! A sunny, pretty and convenient room. In the room, east facing, you will be gently waken up by the rising sun. This room is very bright in the morning, has a view on a little street and is perfect for who wants to be dynamic in the morning.  You can relax in the living room that you will share with my roommate, he is very chill and considerate.  The kitchen is very convenient and you will find many tools in addition to the oven, the induction hob, the fridge, the freezer. The bathroom is equipped with a large bathtub and you will experience our very personal toilets. The very typical Montorgueuil street and neighborhood are 3 minutes away from the flat. The neighborhood is very trendy, a lot of good shops and restaurants, representing many cultures. The japanese neighborhood (rue st Anne) is at 10 minutes walking, just before the 
29409	Deux chambres, avec chacune sa salle de bain et ses toilettes : chambre 1 : lit 160 X 200, salle de bain avec douche et toilettes chambre 2 : convertible 140 X 190, salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes	Appartement entièrement rénové de 75 m² au centre de Paris. 10mn à pied d'Opéra, du Louvre, du Marais... et à quelques pas de la rue piétonne de Montorgueil.  2 chambres avec pour chacune sa salle de bain et ses toilettes. Salon avec cuisine US. Deux chambres, avec chacune sa salle de bain et ses toilettes : chambre 1 : lit 160 X 200, salle de bain avec douche et toilettes chambre 2 : convertible 140 X 190, salle de bain avec baignoire et toilettes Au centre de Paris, à quelques pas du quartier Montorgueil... Paris peut dès lors se visiter à pied. 6 lignes de métro, dont 5 à moins de 3 mn à pied. multitude de bus...
29410	This cosy apartment is like a cocoon. You will love the warmness of its old wooden beams like in a little Chalet. It's facing south with a clear view on Paris roofs (6th floor) - can't be more Parisian ! On the first floor you will find the living room, bathroom (with bathtub and toilets), Kitchen with Bar and a Futon Sofa that can fit up to 2 people. In the Kitchen you will find everything to cook a delicious meal (oven, microwave, hotplates, cutlery). You also have access to the washing machine. On the second floor, you have the room with a double bed.  Enjoy ! 	This apartment is located in the district of Strasbourg St-Denis offering countless dining and entertainment options for people of all ages. This sunny apartment (6th floor) has a living/sleeping aera, a kitchenette and bathroom  The living/sleep This cosy apartment is like a cocoon. You will love the warmness of its old wooden beams like in a little Chalet. It's facing south with a clear view on Paris roofs (6th floor) - can't be more Parisian ! On the first floor you will find the living room, bathroom (with bathtub and toilets), Kitchen with Bar and a Futon Sofa that can fit up to 2 people. In the Kitchen you will find everything to cook a delicious meal (oven, microwave, hotplates, cutlery). You also have access to the washing machine. On the second floor, you have the room with a double bed.  Enjoy ! As a guest all the apartment is for you ! You won't share it with any one. This apartment is located in the district of Strasbourg St-Denis clause to the Marais, the area of Chatelet 
29411	Quiet and cosy flat located in a very trendy district!  Montorgueil street is one of the trendiest street of Paris, with lots of Cafés, Restaurants, Groceries and Fashion stores. The street and neighborhood are pedestrian. Ideally located, you will be 10 minutes walk from Le louvre, Beaubourg, Le Marais, Le Palais Royal or La Place des Vosges. You will also be less than 10 minutes walk from the biggest Subway station in Paris (Châtelet - Les Halles) with direct access to Airport. The apartment, located on the 4th floor, is fully equipped with TV and DVD player, wifi internet access unlimited, dishwasher, washing machine (+dryer) and microwave oven. Towels are provided.	Quiet and cosy flat located in a very trendy district!  Montorgueil street is one of the trendiest street of Paris, with lots of Cafés, Restaurants, Groceries and Fashion stores. The street and neighborhood are pedestrian. Ideally located, you will be 10 minutes walk from Le louvre, Beaubourg, Le Marais, Le Palais Royal or La Place des Vosges. You will also be less than 10 minutes walk from the biggest Subway station in Paris (Châtelet - Les Halles) with direct access to Airport. The apartment, located on the 4th floor, is fully equipped with TV and DVD player, wifi internet access unlimited, dishwasher, washing machine (+dryer) and microwave oven. Towels are provided.
29412		On the 4th floor of an old Parisian building. cute and chaleureux studio with exposed beams, a parket and tomette tiles. Large living room, two sofas, a kitchenette, a shower and a WC. Free Internet. Sheets, blankets and towels provided. 
29413	Il y’a tout ce que vous avez besoin pour votre confort dans cet appartement de 2pièces récemment rénové pour 4 personnes avec 2 grand lits doubles. 1 salle d’eau avec douche et toilettes ainsi qu’une cuisine entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, frigidaire, ustensiles de cuisine , machine à café, bouilloire. -Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. - Il y’a la TV et le Wifi. Profitez à la fois du charme de l'ancien et d’un confort modernes. Cet appartement silencieux, chaleureux se trouve au 2ème étage. 	Au cœur de Paris dans le quartier piéton de Montorgeuil à pied de Notre Dame ,Louvre, Marais, Place de la Republique, Centre Pompidou,Musee Grevin et 2min de station métro Séntier, 2 piéces avec du charme de l'ancien et d’un confort moderne Il y’a tout ce que vous avez besoin pour votre confort dans cet appartement de 2pièces récemment rénové pour 4 personnes avec 2 grand lits doubles. 1 salle d’eau avec douche et toilettes ainsi qu’une cuisine entièrement équipée avec micro-ondes, frigidaire, ustensiles de cuisine , machine à café, bouilloire. -Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. - Il y’a la TV et le Wifi. Profitez à la fois du charme de l'ancien et d’un confort modernes. Cet appartement silencieux, chaleureux se trouve au 2ème étage. The guests have access to everything I am at guests' disposal if they have some questions L’appartement est à 2min du métro Sentier (ligne 3) et à 5min Etienne Marcel (ligne 4). De là, vous pouvez vous connecter à tous les réseaux de transport majeurs 
29414		A beautifully bright and modern apartment sleeping up to four people, located in the second arrondissement of Paris.  Unfortunatly no elevator/lift and located on the 4th floor.  Metro: Sentier line 3 or Bonne Nouvelle line 9 Situated in the second arrondissement, this apartment enjoys an excellent location. Just minutes from two metro stations, you'll find it easy to navigate your way around the city from or to here. There's plenty to keep you occupied close to home, however. Les Halles is within walking distance, a former wholesale market place that was replaced by underground shopping and also features sculptures, fountains and mosaics. Close to Les Halles is perhaps the world's most famous gallery, the Louvre. Just a short walk from the apartment, past the Palais Royal, will take you to this famous gallery where you can spend hours in the different areas. Beyond the Louvre is the famous Tuileries Gardens, the ideal place for a stroll, whatever the season. The gardens take you to th
29415	The building is typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the fifth floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and provides an unobstructed view.  This nice apartment overlooking a courtyard offers a series of bright rooms, all of them well-appointed and carefully decorated. Entering the apartment, you will find yourself in the dining room featuring a dining table and incorporated storage areas. This room leads to the kitchen on one side and to the living room on the other side. The independent kitchen is equipped with a fridge, hotplates, an oven and a dishwasher. The living room is a pleasant space for relaxation thanks to its marble fireplace, its ancient wooden parquet and its comfortable furniture (a 140 cm convertible sofa and a lounge chair). It is separated from the bedroom by a glass door (with curtains), which adds even more lightning to the rooms. The bedroom offers a 140 cm double bed, a desk as well as a small wardrobe. The bathroom is made up	Enjoy the charm of Montorgueil, its streets and shops, with this apartment overlooking the inner courtyard and its view over the rooftops. Alongside a cozy design, the layout of the apartment offers freedom of movement. The ideal accommodation for 4! The building is typical of the central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the fifth floor, directly accessible by the elevator, and provides an unobstructed view.  This nice apartment overlooking a courtyard offers a series of bright rooms, all of them well-appointed and carefully decorated. Entering the apartment, you will find yourself in the dining room featuring a dining table and incorporated storage areas. This room leads to the kitchen on one side and to the living room on the other side. The independent kitchen is equipped with a fridge, hotplates, an oven and a dishwasher. The living room is a pleasant space for relaxation thanks to its marble fireplace, its ancient wooden parquet and its comfortable furniture (a 140 
29416	Appartement dans un quartier dynamique et vivant, au coeur des Grands Boulevards et de ces nombreux bars, restaurants, théâtres, à proximité des Grands Magasins, d'Opéra et de Montmartre et au sein d'un immeuble de très bon standing et calme! 	Appartement dans un quartier dynamique et vivant, au coeur des Grands Boulevards et de ces nombreux bars, restaurants, théâtres, à proximité des Grands Magasins, d'Opéra et de Montmartre et au sein d'un immeuble de très bon standing et calme! Métro : Grands Boulevards, Sentier, Réaumur Sébastopol, Bourse    Le quartier est très animé de jour comme de nuit (restaurants, Théâtres....) Métro : Grands Boulevards, Sentier, Réaumur Sébastopol, Bourse... Bus 
29417	Beautiful charming apartment, duplex, in the center of Paris, (second district) in the middle of Montorgueil, pedestrian neighborhood, 5 min walk to the Louvre! Newly renovated by architect! Brand new design duplex in the center of Paris (Chatelet-Le Louvre) 3 persons : one bedroom for 2 persons and one confortable sofa for 1 person, on 2 different levels (4th and 5th floor) Access to the entire apartment (except my daughter bedroom closed) : living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, two toilets (one on each floor), washing machines (laundry and dishes) and a very nice fire place! I reply within a day to your email! Usually, I am not present at your arrival, the keys are available at the housekeeper office (in the building courtyard, ground floor). Great pedestrian neighborhood : Montorgueil! 5 minutes walk between my apartment and Chatelet, Le Louvre, Palais Royal...and very convenient for all destinations with the subway (2 minutes from home) Subway : Etienne Marcel (line 4), Sentier 	Beautiful charming apartment, duplex, in the center of Paris, (second district) in the middle of Montorgueil, pedestrian neighborhood, 5 min walk to the Louvre! Newly renovated by architect! Beautiful charming apartment, duplex, in the center of Paris, (second district) in the middle of Montorgueil, pedestrian neighborhood, 5 min walk to the Louvre! Newly renovated by architect! Brand new design duplex in the center of Paris (Chatelet-Le Louvre) 3 persons : one bedroom for 2 persons and one confortable sofa for 1 person, on 2 different levels (4th and 5th floor) Access to the entire apartment (except my daughter bedroom closed) : living room, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, two toilets (one on each floor), washing machines (laundry and dishes) and a very nice fire place! I reply within a day to your email! Usually, I am not present at your arrival, the keys are available at the housekeeper office (in the building courtyard, ground floor). Great pedestrian neighborhood : Montorgueil! 5 minu
29418	The apartment is fully independent and on arrival I will give you the keys with practical information for you to have a great time in Paris. Terraces, bars and restaurants in all the streets of the neighborhood. The Louvre and the Georges Pompidou cultural center and ten minutes. By the station Chatelet les Halles then he must go back to the rue Montorgueil rue Léopold Bellan. There is an intercom. The size of the bed on the mezzanine is 180cms / 120cms. Warning! To access the bed, there is a scale and is vertical. (see photo) The WC is located next to the studio and on the landing. It is private and only you will have the key. Sheets, duvets, towels, iron and ironing board, slipper, coffee maker, coffee maker, dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, oil, vinegar, salt ... Smoking not allowed, but it is possible to smoke outside in the corridor and then out the window.	In the famous Montorgueil pedestrian area, I offer a well-equipped studio of 14 m2 on the first floor of a very quiet way. It is close to shops and the central station Chatelet-Les-Halles. Keys given any hour. Internet (WIFI). Bed 180cms / 120cm The apartment is fully independent and on arrival I will give you the keys with practical information for you to have a great time in Paris. Terraces, bars and restaurants in all the streets of the neighborhood. The Louvre and the Georges Pompidou cultural center and ten minutes. By the station Chatelet les Halles then he must go back to the rue Montorgueil rue Léopold Bellan. There is an intercom. The size of the bed on the mezzanine is 180cms / 120cms. Warning! To access the bed, there is a scale and is vertical. (see photo) The WC is located next to the studio and on the landing. It is private and only you will have the key. Sheets, duvets, towels, iron and ironing board, slipper, coffee maker, coffee maker, dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, 
29419	This studio with an original and colorful decoration can accommodate up to two people. It is very bright, fully-equipped and functional. It is located near the neighborhoods of Châtelet-les-Halles and Montorgueil. The apartment is located on the second floor of an old building typical or Paris’ central areas and whose common area is currently renovated. The flat faces a one-way street. It remains peaceful thanks to the double glazing. It is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator. This lovely studio opens onto an entrance that leads to the toilet, to the bathroom with a shower tub and washstand; it also lead to the main room. This large and bright living is decorated with an uncluttered style which gives a modern and elegant touch. It is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed, a closet (part of it is the laundry room), a 80 cm cot for one person, a console table which can be used as a desk and a flat screen TV. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a cook top, a dishwasher and h	This studio with an original and colorful decoration can accommodate up to two people. It is very bright, fully-equipped and functional. It is located near the neighborhoods of Châtelet-les-Halles and Montorgueil. The apartment is located on the second floor of an old building typical or Paris’ central areas and whose common area is currently renovated. The flat faces a one-way street. It remains peaceful thanks to the double glazing. It is located on the 2nd floor with no elevator. This lovely studio opens onto an entrance that leads to the toilet, to the bathroom with a shower tub and washstand; it also lead to the main room. This large and bright living is decorated with an uncluttered style which gives a modern and elegant touch. It is furnished with a 140 cm sofa bed, a closet (part of it is the laundry room), a 80 cm cot for one person, a console table which can be used as a desk and a flat screen TV. The open-plan kitchen is equipped with a fridge, a cook top, a dishwasher and h
29420	My flat is on the 7th floor of the building (with elevator), with a beautiful view on the parisians roofs. It is very bright and clean, it has been renovated last month. There is a spacious living room with an american kitchen fully equiped (microwave, espresso machine, washing machine, fridge and freezer), with a corner to eat (table and seats) and a corner to chill out (sofa and TV). The sofa can be used as a bed for a third person. There is a bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom with toilets and bathtube. Very quiet yet 3mn away from Rue Montorgueil, one of the most trendy and typical parisian streets with lots of nice restaurants and gourmet stores. You have a Vélib station (bikes) right down in the street should you feel like discovering the city by bike.   You have access to everything. Smokers are allowed but please smoke next to the open windows since there are lots of them.  I would gadly talk to you about my favourite locations and activities in town but I cannot tell you	My flat is on the 7th floor of the building (with elevator), with a beautiful view on the parisians roofs. It is very bright and clean, it has been renovated last month. There is a spacious living room with an american kitchen fully equiped (microwave, espresso machine, washing machine, fridge and freezer), with a corner to eat (table and seats) and a corner to chill out (sofa and TV). The sofa can be used as a bed for a third person. There is a bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom with toilets and bathtube. Very quiet yet 3mn away from Rue Montorgueil, one of the most trendy and typical parisian streets with lots of nice restaurants and gourmet stores. You have a Vélib station (bikes) right down in the street should you feel like discovering the city by bike.   You have access to everything. Smokers are allowed but please smoke next to the open windows since there are lots of them.  I would gadly talk to you about my favourite locations and activities in town but I cannot tell you
29421	Français / Vous vous situez en plein cœur de la ville de Paris, à quelques pas des lieux incontournables de la capitale. L'emplacement est idéal pour tous ceux qui souhaitent découvrir les jolis quartiers à pied, sans passer leur temps dans le métro. Vous avez en outre la chance d’être entouré des plus beaux sites touristiques de la Ville Lumière, comme par exemple le Musée du Louvre, le Palais Royal et la rue Saint Honoré. La zone du Marais se trouve également à proximité et met à votre disposition un large choix de bars et de magasins. Un passage obligatoire ! Le Centre Pompidou tout à fait unique de Beaubourg se rejoint aussi en moins de 10 minutes, tout comme les rives de la Seine. Le charme de cette ville risque de vous pousser à vouloir découvrir toujours plus, en vous dirigeant notamment vers le quartier de la Sorbonne, à proximité du Panthéon. Ce charmant studio possède une décoration très charmante tirant le meilleur parti de l’espace disponible. La pièce principale dispose d’	Studio de 30 m2 environs clair et lumineux, plein sud, aéré (double exposition) avec coin cuisine et grande salle de bains (baignoire et douche séparée) extrêmement bien situé en plein centre de Paris / Châtelet-Les-Halles Français / Vous vous situez en plein cœur de la ville de Paris, à quelques pas des lieux incontournables de la capitale. L'emplacement est idéal pour tous ceux qui souhaitent découvrir les jolis quartiers à pied, sans passer leur temps dans le métro. Vous avez en outre la chance d’être entouré des plus beaux sites touristiques de la Ville Lumière, comme par exemple le Musée du Louvre, le Palais Royal et la rue Saint Honoré. La zone du Marais se trouve également à proximité et met à votre disposition un large choix de bars et de magasins. Un passage obligatoire ! Le Centre Pompidou tout à fait unique de Beaubourg se rejoint aussi en moins de 10 minutes, tout comme les rives de la Seine. Le charme de cette ville risque de vous pousser à vouloir découvrir toujours plus,
29422	This flat is ideal for a couple. A third person can be added, the price is then 85€ instead of 70€ per night.	"    Just next to the subway Strasbourg St Denis. Original 2-room flat at underground courtyard level, brand new and equiped (dishwasher, microwaves, oven). Double room, bathroom, separate WC. Perfect for a couple, with possibly one child.    This flat is ideal for a couple. A third person can be added, the price is then 85€ instead of 70€ per night. The flat is not equiped with bed linen, neither bath towels. We can provide those for extra charge that will be defined depending on the length of the stay. Very central and lively area with bars, shops and great connexions to urban transportation. The flat is just next to the underground station ""Strasbourg Saint-Denis"" with 3 metro lines (lines 4, 8 and 9). This flat is especially suited to a couple. It is possible to host a third person, for example a child (a bed can be set in the office room). Check-in and check-out around noon if possible."
29423		Great 2 bedroom apartment in cosy and trendy 9th arr of Paris. Many restaurants, bars and groceries at walking distance. Decorated with style by 3 young born and raised parisians! Projector in living room for private cinema sessions!
29424	The building is located rue Tiquetonne 50m from the heart of the rue Montorgueil and 100m away from the Jardin des Halles and the church Saint Eustache. This is a family apartment of 150m² with 5 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms It is perfect for longer stays with 4 adults and 4 children The living room has a double exposure on street and courtyard - it is very clear with its 3.70 meter high ceilings and large windows. The fireplace is functional - nice view of the Henri IV building on the other side of the courtyard. The kitchen is spacious and modern, it has a table for eight. The apartment was just fully remodeled (delivery in March 2015) by an interior designer. It is very functional and adapted to the needs of a large family. All parts are connected by cable and Wifi to the internet. The rooms are arranged as follows: - Two master bedrooms (double bed), including a mezzanine. The two master bedrooms have their own bathroom. - One bedroom with bunk beds - A room with a single bed on the me	Located in the middle of the famous pedestrian Montorgueil area, our 17th century family apartment can fit 7 adults in 4 bedrooms and one child (max 5yo) in a 5th bedroom. You'll be in the very middle of Paris, being able to walk everywhere. The building is located rue Tiquetonne 50m from the heart of the rue Montorgueil and 100m away from the Jardin des Halles and the church Saint Eustache. This is a family apartment of 150m² with 5 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms It is perfect for longer stays with 4 adults and 4 children The living room has a double exposure on street and courtyard - it is very clear with its 3.70 meter high ceilings and large windows. The fireplace is functional - nice view of the Henri IV building on the other side of the courtyard. The kitchen is spacious and modern, it has a table for eight. The apartment was just fully remodeled (delivery in March 2015) by an interior designer. It is very functional and adapted to the needs of a large family. All parts are connected b
29425	Living room with 2 single convertible couches, air conditioner, heater,  shelves, wardrobe, drawers, dining table, chairs, coffee table, TV, CD player, hifi. Integrated kitchen with stove tops, hood, microwave, kettle, toaster, refrigerator, washing and drying machine.    Bathroom with WC, sink-tap, shower cabinet 85 x 85 cm (2 ft 9 to 2 ft 9), hair dryer, towel dryer. The apartment is perfectly located right in the center of Paris, walking distance to Grand boulevards, Montorgeuil, Louvre Museum, Opera etc. Two subway stations are both only 3-5 minutes’ walk (Strasbourg Saint Denis – lines 4, 8, 9 or Reaumur - Sebastopol –lines 3, 4).	    Beautiful, all furnished, equipped studio, comfortable, calm on interior court. WiFi, television, heating and air conditioning included. Surface – 20 m² (215 ft²), 1st floor. Located in the heart of Paris  Living room with 2 single convertible couches, air conditioner, heater,  shelves, wardrobe, drawers, dining table, chairs, coffee table, TV, CD player, hifi. Integrated kitchen with stove tops, hood, microwave, kettle, toaster, refrigerator, washing and drying machine.    Bathroom with WC, sink-tap, shower cabinet 85 x 85 cm (2 ft 9 to 2 ft 9), hair dryer, towel dryer. The apartment is perfectly located right in the center of Paris, walking distance to Grand boulevards, Montorgeuil, Louvre Museum, Opera etc. Two subway stations are both only 3-5 minutes’ walk (Strasbourg Saint Denis – lines 4, 8, 9 or Reaumur - Sebastopol –lines 3, 4). Entire studio. Also included: towels, bed linen, iron/iron board, vacuum cleaner.  upon request old Paris Two subway stations are both only 3-5 mi
29426	Luxury suite with 2 bedrooms, 1 bed 180cm and the other (website hidden) in every room. Large closets. Nespresso coffee machine and minibar. Large bathroom with double sinks, tub, shower. Separate toilet. Towels and hairdryer available.	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 43 square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. Luxury suite with 2 bedrooms, 1 bed 180cm and the other (website hidden) in every room. Large closets. Nespresso coffee machine and minibar. Large bathroom with double sinks, tub, shower. Separate toilet. Towels and hairdryer available. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Chevreuse, change at Châtelet-Les Halles station for the RER A line in the direction of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, alight at Auber station (or alternatively change at Châtelet-Les Halles for t
29427	Quiet, cool in summer, and in a amazing location in the heart of Paris. The street is very clean and quiet, and just 50 meters to the greatest venues of Paris:	Studio in district Louvre - Marais, very quiet, clean and safe Clean and quiet 1 room appartment (studio, 20m2), with bathroom, WC, kitchen. Perfect for 2 people (eventually 3, on a airbed) This small appartment is great as it is so quiet, cool in
29428	L'appartement a beaucoup de cachet, avec ses moulures, sa cheminée, son parquet. Il est joliment décoré. Les 2 chambres, la cuisine et la salle de bain sont situés coté cour. Idéal pour un couple avec 1 ou 2 enfants (1 chambre adultes avec un lit de 160, 1 chambre enfant). La capacité de couchage ne convient pas pour 3 adultes. (Ideal for one couple, with 1 or 2 children), not suitable for 3 adults. Les voyageurs disposeront de tout le confort avec une cuisine petite mais parfaitement équipée (lave linge/sèche linge, lave vaisselle, machine à café Nespresso avec capsules à disposition) ainsi que l'accès au wifi et aux chaines du câble y compris Canal+.	Cet appartement de 80 m2, est à 2 pas du quartier de Montorgueil. Il est typement parisien : parquet point de Hongrie, moulures, cheminée. Il peut accueillir 2 adultes et 2 enfants (2 chambres). Vs apprécierez sa décoration sobre et contemporaine.
29429	BIENVENUE A PARIS!! This charming 35 square metre large studio apartment is in a quiet enclave in the heart of the Montorgueil area. A vibrant pedestrian street full of cafes/restaurants/bars/supermarkets/ specialist shops. The building dates from the 19th century with a well maintained courtyard full of plants. From the apartment you can easily walk to many tourist spots. In 10-15 minutes you can reach The George Pompidou Centre, Le Maris,  Notre Damn Cathedral. The metro is a 5 minute walk and the big metro/train interchange of Chatelet in also only 5 minutes. From Chatelet you can go all over the city/to the airport and reach out of town destinations. On the first floor walk up, the entrance opens into the studio of 35 sq meters. There are two comfortable sofa beds, each sleeping two people. A galley kitchen, including a dishwasher.Dining area for four, looking onto the courtyard. Two large windows, bright sunlight with a lovely view. It is also very quiet. Bathroom - stand-in showe	Great location, 5 minutes from central metro/train intersection, taking you all over Paris and to the airports. Easy walking access to many tourist attractions, plenty of restos/bars/cafes nearby. A very good stay for 4 guests! BIENVENUE A PARIS!! This charming 35 square metre large studio apartment is in a quiet enclave in the heart of the Montorgueil area. A vibrant pedestrian street full of cafes/restaurants/bars/supermarkets/ specialist shops. The building dates from the 19th century with a well maintained courtyard full of plants. From the apartment you can easily walk to many tourist spots. In 10-15 minutes you can reach The George Pompidou Centre, Le Maris,  Notre Damn Cathedral. The metro is a 5 minute walk and the big metro/train interchange of Chatelet in also only 5 minutes. From Chatelet you can go all over the city/to the airport and reach out of town destinations. On the first floor walk up, the entrance opens into the studio of 35 sq meters. There are two comfortable sof
29430	Petit appartement situé dans le quartier Montorgueil, à mi chemin entre Le Louvre et le centre Pompidou à 10 minutes de la Seine : idéal pour visiter Paris à pied.  Le quartier est connu pour des commerces alimentaires, ses petits restaurants sympa, l'ambiance conviviale qui règne dans ses rue piétonnes... L'appartement est composé de 2 pièces, chacune peut accueillir deux personnes : un lit double dans la chambre et deux lits simples (dont un lit gigogne) dans le séjour. L'appartement est petit (26 m2). Deux ou trois personnes pourront y séjourner confortablement. À quatre on sera plus à l'étroit. Il y a aussi une cuisine indépendante, une petite salle de bain (équipée d'une douche, d'un lavabo et d'un wc) et un petit vestibule. L'appartement est équipé de la Wifi et de la télévision par cable (nombreuses chaînes en langues étrangères) L'appartement est équipé de la Wifi et de la télévision par cable (nombreuses chaînes en langues étrangères) Le propriétaire accueille personnellement 	Petit appartement situé dans le quartier Montorgueil, à mi chemin entre Le Louvre et le centre Pompidou à 10 minutes de la Seine : idéal pour visiter Paris à pied.  Le quartier est connu pour des commerces alimentaires, ses petits restaurants sympa, l'ambiance conviviale qui règne dans ses rue piétonnes... L'appartement est composé de 2 pièces, chacune peut accueillir deux personnes : un lit double dans la chambre et deux lits simples (dont un lit gigogne) dans le séjour. L'appartement est petit (26 m2). Deux ou trois personnes pourront y séjourner confortablement. À quatre on sera plus à l'étroit. Il y a aussi une cuisine indépendante, une petite salle de bain (équipée d'une douche, d'un lavabo et d'un wc) et un petit vestibule. L'appartement est équipé de la Wifi et de la télévision par cable (nombreuses chaînes en langues étrangères) L'appartement est équipé de la Wifi et de la télévision par cable (nombreuses chaînes en langues étrangères) Le propriétaire accueille personnellement 
29431	It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fourth floor with no elevator, has views on a courtyard.  This spacious apartment is made up of a series of elegant and quiet rooms. Overlooking a courtyard, it has a lovely entrance with storage areas leading on one side to an equipped independent kitchen (a fridge freezer, an oven, a micro-wave, hotplates with an extractor hood, a dishwasher and a washer/dryer). On the other side, it leads to a living room mixing ancient and contemporary styles. It features a 160 cm convertible sofa and a TV. The first bedroom has two 90cm beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed while the second one has a 160 cm double bed. Both include a wardrobe. The bathroom adjoining the first bedroom is made up of the toilets and a bathtub.	This beautiful apartment with views on a quiet courtyard is a cozy place to stay in Paris. You can get around easily and quickly feel at home. In this area where large and high quality accommodations are hard to find, it is original and top-quality. It is an old and well-maintained building with a secure access. The apartment, located on the fourth floor with no elevator, has views on a courtyard.  This spacious apartment is made up of a series of elegant and quiet rooms. Overlooking a courtyard, it has a lovely entrance with storage areas leading on one side to an equipped independent kitchen (a fridge freezer, an oven, a micro-wave, hotplates with an extractor hood, a dishwasher and a washer/dryer). On the other side, it leads to a living room mixing ancient and contemporary styles. It features a 160 cm convertible sofa and a TV. The first bedroom has two 90cm beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed while the second one has a 160 cm double bed. Both include a wardrobe. T
29432	This cosy apartment accommodate up to 4 people. Perfect for friends or couple It consists of a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a very comfy sofa-bed, a kitchen open to the living room and a modern bathroom with shower and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with : - A fridge - An oven - A microwave - An Radio Toaster (the Toaster makes music :) !) - A kettle - 4 electric plates - All kitchen utensils For your convenience, a flat TV is available in the living room. Free wifi and air conditioning is available. The apartment is located on the ground floor, in a little courtyard. The place is quiet and the building is secured with a digital lock. Note that the apartment has only one window, so there's little daylight but many spotlights to the ceiling makes the place therefore luminous. Clean bedsheets and towels are provided Best part is the neighborhood! You will be in the center of the action ! You will be less than 2 minutes by foot in the following neighborhoods: Montorgueil	Comfy and clean appartement with air conditioning, fast wifi and private entrance on quiet courtyard. 1 bedroom closing with a curtain and a sofa bed in the living room. This cosy apartment accommodate up to 4 people. Perfect for friends or couple It consists of a bedroom with a double bed, a living room with a very comfy sofa-bed, a kitchen open to the living room and a modern bathroom with shower and toilet. The kitchen is equipped with : - A fridge - An oven - A microwave - An Radio Toaster (the Toaster makes music :) !) - A kettle - 4 electric plates - All kitchen utensils For your convenience, a flat TV is available in the living room. Free wifi and air conditioning is available. The apartment is located on the ground floor, in a little courtyard. The place is quiet and the building is secured with a digital lock. Note that the apartment has only one window, so there's little daylight but many spotlights to the ceiling makes the place therefore luminous. Clean bedsheets and towels
29433	We're sure you'll feel at home in the guest bedroom we're renting ! There is a real double bed, and a private en-suite shower.  There is high-speed wi-fi in the apartment.  The apartment is on the 4th floor, there is no elevator. Careful if you're allergic: we have a cat !	Beautiful private bedroom with double bed and private en-suite shower, original wood flooring, located in our beautiful flat in the heart of Paris, very close to the metro stations and within walking distance to most main sights! We're sure you'll feel at home in the guest bedroom we're renting ! There is a real double bed, and a private en-suite shower.  There is high-speed wi-fi in the apartment.  The apartment is on the 4th floor, there is no elevator. Careful if you're allergic: we have a cat ! We want you to feel at home, cook dinner, watch TV if you want, but of course there's so much to do in the area so we will be happy to suggest you places to go, help you plan your itinerary, whatever you need! Our typical parisian apartement (wooden floors, moldings, small balcony) is located in the heart of Paris, from where most sights are reachable on foot (Louvre, Notre Dame, Saint Germain within 15 mins, Châtelet in 5 mins). As for Montorgueil (Restaurants, cafés..) and Marais (Pompidou
29434	Calme car sur cour et très lumineux, l'appartement est idéalement situé en plein de Paris, à deux pas de l'Opéra, des grands magasins, du Louvre, de la place de la Concorde et des Tuileries. il a été refait à neuf. C'est un duplex avec en bas un grand salon, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bain indépendante. En haut une chambre et un dressing pour vous accueillir. 	Superbe appartement tout confort deux étatages, refait à neuf, calme et lumineux, idéalement situé, métro Opéra (L7, L3, L8, RER A) . En plein coeur de Paris: 2mn de la place du marché St Honoré, d'Opéra, place Vendôme, des Tuileries, du Louvre... Calme car sur cour et très lumineux, l'appartement est idéalement situé en plein de Paris, à deux pas de l'Opéra, des grands magasins, du Louvre, de la place de la Concorde et des Tuileries. il a été refait à neuf. C'est un duplex avec en bas un grand salon, une cuisine équipée et une salle de bain indépendante. En haut une chambre et un dressing pour vous accueillir.  Télévision, internet Métro Opéra : Ligne 8, 7, 3 ,RER A ET ROISSY BUS. Métro Pyramide: L14 et L7.
29435	The flat is 27m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. There is bathroom with a bathtub and toilette. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 27square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The flat is 27m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. There is bathroom with a bathtub and toilette. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Ch
29436	"Charming apartment in the city center of Paris, situated in one of the most ancient ""Passages"", recently removed ""art deco style""  (closed after 8pm and thus quiet). 1st floor. At the foot of the metro stations (20meters) ""Strasbourg St Denis"": 4, 8 and 9 lines.  Also next to ""Republique"" and ""Bonne  Nouvelle""  stations. Paris famous sites (Madeleine, Concorde, Trocadéro, Bastille, Opéra Garnier; Champs Elysées, St Paul...) easily and directly reachable. The flat is situated on the famous ""Grands boulevards"" with all its theaters, musée Grevin...) 46 m2: 1 room, 1 living room, 1 fulll equiped  kitchen with a dining room ( freezer, micro waves, oven, cooking ceramic plates, coffee machine, electric kettle,  dish washer, and washing machine) , one bathroom, one WC, tv. internet.  Large bed :  160X200cm Sheets and towels are provided.  Perfect for couple or a single person.  Ideal for persons who want to discover Paris or during a professional training... On the passage : afro hairdresser"	"Charming apartment in the city center of Paris, situated in one of the most ancient ""Passages"", recently removed ""art deco style""  (closed after 8pm and thus quiet). 1st floor. At the foot of the metro stations (20meters) ""Strasbourg St Denis"": 4, 8 and 9 lines.  Also next to ""Republique"" and ""Bonne  Nouvelle""  stations. Paris famous sites (Madeleine, Concorde, Trocadéro, Bastille, Opéra Garnier; Champs Elysées, St Paul...) easily and directly reachable. The flat is situated on the famous ""Grands boulevards"" with all its theaters, musée Grevin...) 46 m2: 1 room, 1 living room, 1 fulll equiped  kitchen with a dining room ( freezer, micro waves, oven, cooking ceramic plates, coffee machine, electric kettle,  dish washer, and washing machine) , one bathroom, one WC, tv. internet.  Large bed :  160X200cm Sheets and towels are provided.  Perfect for couple or a single person.  Ideal for persons who want to discover Paris or during a professional training... On the passage : afro hairdresser"
29437	Brand new flat, with two independent bedrooms with large beds. In addition, a convertible sofa in the living room, makes this apartment the ideal place for a cosy and unforgettable stay.  	Newly refurbished apartment located on the 7th floor (with lift !) of a typical Haussmanian building. Great views on parisian roofs and Sacré Coeur. Very clear and efficiently organized. Totally furnished, with two nice and independent bedrooms. Brand new flat, with two independent bedrooms with large beds. In addition, a convertible sofa in the living room, makes this apartment the ideal place for a cosy and unforgettable stay.   The closest underground station (Sentier - Line 3) is at the foot of the building. Chatelet Les Halles station (the main public transport hub in Paris), with direct access to both parisian airports is just 8 minutes. The Montorgueil area is a very trendy pedestrian place with plenty of shops, restaurants and bars. Super Central....everything is nearby !
29438		A perfect base to unwind after a day of exploring. The apartment has an abundance of space, light and amenities. 2 king beds and 2 pull out singles, this place is great for families/groups of 5. Wonderful central location. I'm just next door (unless i'm away on holiday) so if theres any problems, you can give me a knock. Perfect location for bars and restaurants with the famous market street Rue Monterguil just a few minutes walk away. Please note that there are prostitutes working on the street, however after living here 3 years i've never experienced any problems during the day or night. The apartment is a 3 minute walk away from the supermarket, Monoprix. Strasbourg - Saint Denis and Reamur Sebastopol metro stations are within minutes from the apartment.
29439	Hello everyone, We are a young couple wishing to lend you our apartment when we’re (website hidden)'s on the 2nd floor (no lift) Located right in the center of Paris, the location is perfect for your holidays, 2 min walk from Palais Royal Garden where you can relax under the sun and 5 min walk from the Louvre and its great garden where you can jog if you want…We are also 5 minutes’ walk from Opéra and from Chatelet les Halles where you can do your shopping, go swimming or to the cinema.   Our 30 square meter apartment is quiet (no windows overlook the street) and located in a lively and peaceful neighborhood, where you can eat delicious Japanese food. It has an entrance, An equipped kitchen ideal if don’t want to spend too much money in restaurants (fridge/freezer, small oven, microwave oven, kettle, toaster, a cook top and basic condiments),  1 bathroom (shower and toilets ),  and a wide living room (18 sqm)with an easily convertible sofa, a radio, a TV (only for dvds) and a bookcase.	Hello everyone, We are a young couple wishing to lend you our apartment when we’re (website hidden)'s on the 2nd floor (no lift) Located right in the center of Paris, the location is perfect for your holidays, 2 min walk from Palais Royal Garden where you can relax under the sun and 5 min walk from the Louvre and its great garden where you can jog if you want…We are also 5 minutes’ walk from Opéra and from Chatelet les Halles where you can do your shopping, go swimming or to the cinema.   Our 30 square meter apartment is quiet (no windows overlook the street) and located in a lively and peaceful neighborhood, where you can eat delicious Japanese food. It has an entrance, An equipped kitchen ideal if don’t want to spend too much money in restaurants (fridge/freezer, small oven, microwave oven, kettle, toaster, a cook top and basic condiments),  1 bathroom (shower and toilets ),  and a wide living room (18 sqm)with an easily convertible sofa, a radio, a TV (only for dvds) and a bookcase.
29440	The flat is 36m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 36 square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The flat is 36m2, complete with all kitchen utensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction
29441	Very charming and bright appartment in the heart of Paris. With huge bedroom with one double bed,a bright living room, a furnished kitchen and a bathroom.  Wifi et TV câble. 	Very bright and furnished apartment for rent in the heart of (website hidden) the most typical parisian area with  a lot of bars, and very nice restaurants.10mn by walk from the Louvre, Opéra and Le Marais. Very charming and bright appartment in the heart of Paris. With huge bedroom with one double bed,a bright living room, a furnished kitchen and a bathroom.  Wifi et TV câble. Apartment very central  Direct acces from international airport with RER B.The apt is in the heart of the village Montorgueil, the most typical parisian area with bars,coffees, very nice restaurants, vegetables markets.Very central (10mn by walk to the Louvre, Opéra and Le Marais) and very safe.Montorgueil is also the heart of the fashion. You most certainly will be charmed by the village feel of the Montorgueil  ! 5min from the métro Sentier ligne 3 and 5mn from the métro Chatelet-Les Halles ligne 4. I am available 7/7. The neighborhood - no cars allowed - is known for his nice restaurants & bars, cafés and typ
29442	Very beautiful renovated apartment, totally brand new located in a quiet street with a big living room of 40 m² and with great balcony and a fully equiped American-style kitchen: induction cooker, fridge and a freezer, dishwashers, oven micron wave, toaster, Nespresso machine TELEVISON – INTERNET – WIFI Wall bed of 140cm in the living room One bedroom with double bed of 160cm Bathroom with walk-in shower with Clothes-washing and drying machines	"Renovated apartment of 65 m² situated to the heart of the famous “village” in the pedestrian ""MONTORGUEIL"" Paris 2nd district on the 5th floor of a modern building with lift, all close to all amenities Métro : ETIENNE MARCEL or REAUMUR-SEBASTOPOL Very beautiful renovated apartment, totally brand new located in a quiet street with a big living room of 40 m² and with great balcony and a fully equiped American-style kitchen: induction cooker, fridge and a freezer, dishwashers, oven micron wave, toaster, Nespresso machine TELEVISON – INTERNET – WIFI Wall bed of 140cm in the living room One bedroom with double bed of 160cm Bathroom with walk-in shower with Clothes-washing and drying machines Montorgueil is the first pedestrian district of Paris. ""Village"" atmosphere in the heart of Paris 'trendy' where is the largest shopping center in Paris: ""Forum des Halles"" with its park, Church ""Saint Eustache"", shops, restaurants and trendy bars... RCD airport = RER B direct to the station ""LES HALLES"
29443	I sublet my nice 22m² studio (approximatly 270sqft)  It is very well situated in the 2nd district, near metro 3, 4, 8 and 9, with all amenities, great shops and nice restaurants right away. Very calm, not noisy, and walking distanced from many interest spots! 10 min to Notre-Dame, 10 min to the Opera Garnier... The studio as one big room, sunny with 3 windows, and is furnished with a king sized bed (it is a fold away bed), table and chairs, and a kitchen space with fridge, hoven, induction, washer and dishwasher ; cooking stuff is also furnished. There is a newly renovated bathroom with a great shower and towel warmer I am looking for someone serious and clean ; no pets, no smokers. Students welcome It can be for a single person or a couple Contact me back for further informations!	Beautiful newly renovated studio, very quiet, in one of the oldest district of Paris, on the site of the former second city wall. Within walking distance of many tourist attractions.  Sleeps 2 people I sublet my nice 22m² studio (approximatly 270sqft)  It is very well situated in the 2nd district, near metro 3, 4, 8 and 9, with all amenities, great shops and nice restaurants right away. Very calm, not noisy, and walking distanced from many interest spots! 10 min to Notre-Dame, 10 min to the Opera Garnier... The studio as one big room, sunny with 3 windows, and is furnished with a king sized bed (it is a fold away bed), table and chairs, and a kitchen space with fridge, hoven, induction, washer and dishwasher ; cooking stuff is also furnished. There is a newly renovated bathroom with a great shower and towel warmer I am looking for someone serious and clean ; no pets, no smokers. Students welcome It can be for a single person or a couple Contact me back for further informations! Close t
29444	Charmant studio au coeur du quartier piéton Montorgueil.  Au 5ème étage d'une charmante copropriété, studio tout équipé avec séjour vue dégagée, cuisine ouverte, une salle d'eau avec WC.  Un canapé lit confortable permet d'accueillir jusqu’à 2 personnes maximum. Vous bénéficierez de tous les équipements nécessaire à un super séjour à Paris.	Joli studio au coeur du quartier très animé de Montorgueil! Au 5ème étage d'une charmante copropriété, magnifique studio tout équipé avec séjour vue dégagée, cuisine ouverte, une salle d'eau avec WC. Charme et lumière, quartier central et vivant. Charmant studio au coeur du quartier piéton Montorgueil.  Au 5ème étage d'une charmante copropriété, studio tout équipé avec séjour vue dégagée, cuisine ouverte, une salle d'eau avec WC.  Un canapé lit confortable permet d'accueillir jusqu’à 2 personnes maximum. Vous bénéficierez de tous les équipements nécessaire à un super séjour à Paris. RER B les Halles 5 minutes walking from the flat, if you come from Charles de Gaulles.  Métro 4 Etienne Marcel 2 minutes walking.  Métro Sentier 2 minutes walking. Quartier historique et piétonnier, beaucoup de charme et de vie.  Je vous dirigerai avec plaisir vers tous les lieux à voir et à expérimenter, il y a dans le quartier de nombreux bars et restaurants à ne surtout pas rater! A trully parisian neigh
29445	"This 100 square meters Loft apartment has been entirely renovated last year with luxury equipments and furniture, you will find a 40M2 main living room along with a 30m2 open kitchen, next to two bathrooms (one for invited) and a 20m2 king bed bedroom, with a spectacular 4m high ceiling. A dream for the bohemian, creative, cool, luxury minded individuals, this 17th Century apartment is cool and bright in Summer and warm and cosy in Winter.  The apartment is located in a charmful street, with plenty of nice restaurants nearby, at ""Palais Royal"", the very centre of Paris Special 1 WEEK rate !"	"1 bedroom 100M2 5***** luxury LOFT LOUVRE, brand new equipments and furniture, glass tables & leather sofas & chairs,  Perfect location at ""Palais Royal"" 1mn walk from Le Louvre & Palais Royal & Opera Garnier, 4m high ceiling Special 1 WEEK rate ! This 100 square meters Loft apartment has been entirely renovated last year with luxury equipments and furniture, you will find a 40M2 main living room along with a 30m2 open kitchen, next to two bathrooms (one for invited) and a 20m2 king bed bedroom, with a spectacular 4m high ceiling. A dream for the bohemian, creative, cool, luxury minded individuals, this 17th Century apartment is cool and bright in Summer and warm and cosy in Winter.  The apartment is located in a charmful street, with plenty of nice restaurants nearby, at ""Palais Royal"", the very centre of Paris Special 1 WEEK rate ! Full access to the Loft & equipments By text message or by phone & email at any moment, please do not hesitate This loft is located in the very centre of "
29446		Welcome in a cosy studio in the center of Paris. I can host a person ever who gonna sleep on the sofa bed  - 1 minute by walk to the place Vendôme - 5 minutes by walk to Tuileries' garden and Louvre  - 5 minutes by foot to the opera
29447	This 65 sqm apartment and in addition a balcony of 8 sqm proposes one living/dining room, a separate equipped kitchen, one bathroom and one bedroom. It offers all the comfort and quality services to welcome up to 4 adults and 2 children. The apartment is quiet and ideally located and the building is secured with digital lock and intercom and a guardian that is installed in the lobby. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, central heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, Murphy bed, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television with international TV channels. Living/dining room With a surface of approximately 24 sqm and has one window facing West. Equipped with: bookcase, one sofa, four chairs, Murphy bed, wooden floor, table, coffee table. The bathroom Bath with shower, tiled f	This 65 sqm apartment and in addition a balcony of 8 sqm proposes one living/dining room, a separate equipped kitchen, one bathroom and one bedroom. It offers all the comfort and quality services to welcome up to 4 adults and 2 children. The apartment is quiet and ideally located and the building is secured with digital lock and intercom and a guardian that is installed in the lobby. Equipment of the apartment The following equipments are at your disposal: Internet access WiFi, lift, vacuum, kettle, central heating, freezer, kitchen, digicode, clothes horse, iron, oven, microwave oven, toaster, washing machine, DVD player, linen, sheets and towels, Murphy bed, coffee, no smoking, ironing board, hob, refrigerator, towels and television with international TV channels. Living/dining room With a surface of approximately 24 sqm and has one window facing West. Equipped with: bookcase, one sofa, four chairs, Murphy bed, wooden floor, table, coffee table. The bathroom Bath with shower, tiled f
29448	The apartment itself is situated on the first floor of early 19th Century building. It is 45 sq. Meters (485 sq. foot), with high ceilings and wooden parquet floors. There is a working wood burner and double glazed windows throughout. You enter the apartment by a long entrance hall with wood parquet floors; to your left is the bedroom with a large queen sized bed and a mirrored closet. The bedroom has a large sanded window that gives onto a walled courtyard (we will be creating a roof terrace there next year). As you continue down the corridoor you have a large bathroom to your left. The black-tiled bathroom is equipped with a full bath with shower attachment, a large sink with storage drawers underneath and a suspended toilet. The corridoor then opens up to a large living space with an open plan kitchen. The kitchen is very well equipped for somebody who loves to cook; there are plenty of utensils, pots and pans, a magimix food processor, espresso coffee machine, kettle and toaster. T	Large 42 sq. m. 1 bedroom apt with a balcony, located in the South part of the 10th. This area is the new trendy place for food lovers with a village atmosphere, its fresh food shops, cafes and restaurants while being a few minutes from the Marais. The apartment itself is situated on the first floor of early 19th Century building. It is 45 sq. Meters (485 sq. foot), with high ceilings and wooden parquet floors. There is a working wood burner and double glazed windows throughout. You enter the apartment by a long entrance hall with wood parquet floors; to your left is the bedroom with a large queen sized bed and a mirrored closet. The bedroom has a large sanded window that gives onto a walled courtyard (we will be creating a roof terrace there next year). As you continue down the corridoor you have a large bathroom to your left. The black-tiled bathroom is equipped with a full bath with shower attachment, a large sink with storage drawers underneath and a suspended toilet. The corridoor
29449	Bonjour! I live in Montorgueuil. A famous pedestarian area in the center of Paris. I am at a 10 min walking distance of Louvre, Opéra, jardin des Tuileries, Palais Royal and Le Marais area. My flat is located in the heart of pedestrian Montorgueil area in Paris. It fits perfectly for a couple.	Cosy and sunny well located appartment in Montorgueil Street in the center of Paris. Make the most of the various shops and restaurants in the pedestarian area ! Very central and close to Le Louvre Museum, Opera Garnier, Le Marais and Beaubourg. Bonjour! I live in Montorgueuil. A famous pedestarian area in the center of Paris. I am at a 10 min walking distance of Louvre, Opéra, jardin des Tuileries, Palais Royal and Le Marais area. My flat is located in the heart of pedestrian Montorgueil area in Paris. It fits perfectly for a couple. The full apartment will be yours.  It a 35 square meter 2 room flat with exposed beams and 4 large velux windows. Located at the 5th floor of the building, the flat is oriented South and enjoys sun most of the day. The 20 square meter living room comprises an American bar and a fully furnished kitchen (micro wave, oven, hot plates, toaster, mini-fridge and washing machine). The 15 square meter bedroom is composed of a bed ideal for couples (190 cm / 140 c
29450	Grand studio agréable et lumineux, au calme. Immeuble sécurisé. Au 2ème étage, ascenseur. Décoration originale et conviviale. Grande TV, accès wifi, grand enceinte pour appareil Apple.	Grand studio agréable et lumineux, au calme. Immeuble sécurisé. Au 2ème étage, ascenseur. Décoration originale et conviviale. Grande TV, accès wifi, grand enceinte pour appareil Apple. Accès à tout l'appartement, pièce principale, salle de douche avec toilettes, cuisine séparée, balcon, loggia (balcon d'hiver). N'hésitez pas si vous avez des questions à la remise des clés, nous restons évidemment à disposition au long de votre séjour. Quartier très central et animé en plein coeur de Paris, commerces de proximité, restaurants, musées, bars, sorties nocturnes... Depuis les aéroports Rossy-Charles de Gaulle et Orly, il vous faut prendre le RER B, et s'arrêter à la station Châtelet-les-Halles. On est à 5 minutes à pied ! Il n'y a pas de parking privé pour cet appartement. Au plaisir de vous accueillir chez nous !
29451	"This attractive apartment is located near Louvre museum. In a few minutes on foot of Opera and Châtelet. The visits are easily made on foot from the apartment. Stations vélib (Parisian bike rent). The closest subway stations are ""Pyramide"", Palais royal musée du Louvre"", ""Bourse"". The apartment includes a bed room with a bed 2 places and a sofa bed 2 places in the living room.  In the kitchen area you can prepare meals. The table is convertibles. In the living room the couch is convertible table to take your meals.  Staple commodities are also present in the apartment (sheets, towels, toilet paper). An internet connection in WiFi. This apartment has the charm of old apartment Parisian and the the wall paint is flaked :) It is at the fourth floor, without elevator."	"This attractive apartment is located near Louvre museum. In a few minutes on foot of Opera and Châtelet. This attractive apartment is located near Louvre museum. In a few minutes on foot of Opera and Châtelet. The visits are easily made on foot from the apartment. Stations vélib (Parisian bike rent). The closest subway stations are ""Pyramide"", Palais royal musée du Louvre"", ""Bourse"". The apartment includes a bed room with a bed 2 places and a sofa bed 2 places in the living room.  In the kitchen area you can prepare meals. The table is convertibles. In the living room the couch is convertible table to take your meals.  Staple commodities are also present in the apartment (sheets, towels, toilet paper). An internet connection in WiFi. This apartment has the charm of old apartment Parisian and the the wall paint is flaked :) It is at the fourth floor, without elevator. Dear guests, If  you arrive from Gare de Lyon or Gare Saint Lazare, I suggest you: to take the metro line 14 and stop at"
29452	Charming 25sqm flat in centre of Paris (2nd Arr.) - Perfect for a couple! Perfectly situated in the centre of Paris, this charming flat is ideal to welcome one person or a couple for a long week-end or more. Walking distance from the Louvre (10min), Beaubourg (Pompidou Centre, 10min), the Opera (15min) and les Halles (5min). Right around the corner is the beginning of the thrilling Montorgueil Street, packed with french restaurants, cheese stores, butchers, and great bars. You can't get more Parisian than that! Many Metro stations nearby:  - Sentier (3)  - Réaumur Sebastopol (3), (4)  - Grands Boulevards (8), (9)  - Châtelet (phone number hidden)) The apartment is on the 6th floor with large windows, which means lots of natural light and a nice view of the famous parisian rooftops. Flexible on Check in / Check out Last but not least: Flamenco lovers will enjoy the decoration, recently brought back from Andalucia !	Charming 25sqm flat in centre of Paris (2nd Arr.) - Perfect for a couple! Perfectly situated in the centre of Paris, this charming flat is ideal to welcome one person or a couple for a long week-end or more. Walking distance from the Louvre... Charming 25sqm flat in centre of Paris (2nd Arr.) - Perfect for a couple! Perfectly situated in the centre of Paris, this charming flat is ideal to welcome one person or a couple for a long week-end or more. Walking distance from the Louvre (10min), Beaubourg (Pompidou Centre, 10min), the Opera (15min) and les Halles (5min). Right around the corner is the beginning of the thrilling Montorgueil Street, packed with french restaurants, cheese stores, butchers, and great bars. You can't get more Parisian than that! Many Metro stations nearby:  - Sentier (3)  - Réaumur Sebastopol (3), (4)  - Grands Boulevards (8), (9)  - Châtelet (phone number hidden)) The apartment is on the 6th floor with large windows, which means lots of natural light and a nice v
29453	Charmant studio situé au coeur de Paris à quelques mètres de la Rue Montorgueil. Studio de 25m2 refait à neuf et bien agencé pouvant accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes . L'appartement est meublé et équipé des appareils d'utilisation courante (lit, canapé-lit, réfrigérateur, four, micro ondes, plaque de cuisson, blender, vaisselle). Vous trouverez aussi dans l’appartement une salle de bain avec douche et WC .  L'appartement est équipé d'un station musique Bose pour vivre votre séjour en musique si vous le souhaitez.  L'appartement est situé au 1ieme étage sans vis à vis.  Avant chaque nouvel invité, l’appartement est soigneusement nettoyé, les draps et serviettes sont changés. L’immeuble est situé au coeur de la capitale vous permettant ainsi de vous rendre très facilement à pied dans tous les autres quartiers de la capitale. L'appartement sera vous satisfaire pour vos séjours à Paris et vous faire apprécier une visite de Paris à partir d'un quartier exceptionnel !	Charmant studio idéalement situé à deux minutes du célèbre  quartier piéton de Montorgueil  Cosy et calme Possibilité 4 personnes (lit 120 + Canapé 140)  Charming studio in the heart of Paris. Can house until 4 guests comfortably Cosy & quiet Charmant studio situé au coeur de Paris à quelques mètres de la Rue Montorgueil. Studio de 25m2 refait à neuf et bien agencé pouvant accueillir jusqu'a 4 personnes . L'appartement est meublé et équipé des appareils d'utilisation courante (lit, canapé-lit, réfrigérateur, four, micro ondes, plaque de cuisson, blender, vaisselle). Vous trouverez aussi dans l’appartement une salle de bain avec douche et WC .  L'appartement est équipé d'un station musique Bose pour vivre votre séjour en musique si vous le souhaitez.  L'appartement est situé au 1ieme étage sans vis à vis.  Avant chaque nouvel invité, l’appartement est soigneusement nettoyé, les draps et serviettes sont changés. L’immeuble est situé au coeur de la capitale vous permettant ainsi de vous r
29454	"Attractive 2 rooms, quiet of 40m2, on the 3rd floor (without lift). Bedroom separated with double bed. Sofa doubles, in lounge for friends of passage. Paris central :  the pedestrian street Tiquetonne is at the heart of the famous district "" Montorgueil "". Beaubourg museum - Forum des Halles :  5mn by walking  In the 2nd district, in full center of Paris, the street Tiquetonne is a pedestrian street at the heart of the pedestrian district "" Montorgueil"".  Its coffees, restaurants and shops of fashion, make one of the trendiest places of Paris. The apartment is ideally situated to visit Paris by walking : 5 minutes of the "" Forum des Halles"" or ""Beaubourg muséum"" , and unless 15 minutes of  the ""Notre-Dame"", the historic district of the ""Marais"", the gardens of the ""Palais Royal"" ......  Subway : lines 4, 9, 14 - Stations :  Etienne Marcel, Réaumur Sébastopol, or Les  Halles. The apartment is in the 3rd floor, without elevator 1 bedroom room, with 1 double bed for 2 people 1 lounge, wit"	"2 rooms apartment - quiet - 40m2 on the 3 floor. Central Paris walking : In a pedestrian street, in the middle of the famous district ""Montorgueil"" Subway : Etienne Marcel, Réaumur Sébastopol, Les Halles.  Beaubourg - Forum des Halles : walk 5 mn ! Attractive 2 rooms, quiet of 40m2, on the 3rd floor (without lift). Bedroom separated with double bed. Sofa doubles, in lounge for friends of passage. Paris central :  the pedestrian street Tiquetonne is at the heart of the famous district "" Montorgueil "". Beaubourg museum - Forum des Halles :  5mn by walking  In the 2nd district, in full center of Paris, the street Tiquetonne is a pedestrian street at the heart of the pedestrian district "" Montorgueil"".  Its coffees, restaurants and shops of fashion, make one of the trendiest places of Paris. The apartment is ideally situated to visit Paris by walking : 5 minutes of the "" Forum des Halles"" or ""Beaubourg muséum"" , and unless 15 minutes of  the ""Notre-Dame"", the historic district of the ""Mara"
29455	Are you planning a trip to Paris, this charming apartment is located in the heart of Paris, you will find the Louvre, the Pompidou Centre in the Marais or the Royal Palace in less than 15 minutes walk! In addition, you are less than 5 minutes walk from the largest metro and RER (Châtelet-Les Halles) of the capital. The apartment is on the edge of Montorgueil, a pedestrianized area in the heart of Paris, ideal for exploring the Parisian life. The Rue Montorgueil, a pedestrian street with cafes, restaurants, shopping is one of the trendiest places in Paris. The apartment is located on the 5th floor and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is fully furnished and equipped (TV, oven, dishwasher, washing machine ...) Sheets, towels and hairdryer are at your disposal, as well as wi-fi. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. I would be happy to assist you.	Are you planning a trip to Paris, this charming apartment is located in the heart of Paris, you will find the Louvre, the Pompidou Centre in the Marais or the Royal Palace in less than 15 minutes walk! In addition, you are less than 5 minutes walk from the largest metro and RER (Châtelet-Les Halles) of the capital. The apartment is on the edge of Montorgueil, a pedestrianized area in the heart of Paris, ideal for exploring the Parisian life. The Rue Montorgueil, a pedestrian street with cafes, restaurants, shopping is one of the trendiest places in Paris. The apartment is located on the 5th floor and can accommodate up to 4 people. It is fully furnished and equipped (TV, oven, dishwasher, washing machine ...) Sheets, towels and hairdryer are at your disposal, as well as wi-fi. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact me. I would be happy to assist you.
29456	Excellent emplacement pour cet appartement de 47 m2, 5-6 personnes, situe en plein coeur de Paris, Rue Poissoniere, à 2 pas de la rue Montorgueil, des théatres parisiens et de principaux sites touristiques (Louvre 15mn, Notre Dame 15mn, Grands Boulvards 5mn, Montmartre 25mn, Marais 10mn) Plusieurs lignes de métro a coté : Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 8 et 9), Strasbourg St Denis (ligne 4), Sentier (ligne 3) L'appartement calme (situé sur cour) et lumineux. Situé au au 2eme étage d'un immeuble sécurisé, digicode. Il est composé d'une cuisine americaine équipée (frigidaire, compartiment congélateur, plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire, cafetière, vaisselle) ouverte sur le salon , 1ere chambre avec un lit double, 2eme chambre avec un lit simple, canapé lit double dans le salon et un lit d'appoint Salle de bains avec baignoire, machine à (website hidden), internet WIFI	Excellent emplacement pour cet appartement de 47 m2, 5-6 personnes, situe en plein coeur de Paris, Rue Poissoniere, à 2 pas de la rue Montorgueil, des théatres parisiens et de principaux sites touristiques (Louvre 15mn, Notre Dame 15mn, Grands Boulvards 5mn, Montmartre 25mn, Marais 10mn) Plusieurs lignes de métro a coté : Bonne Nouvelle (ligne 8 et 9), Strasbourg St Denis (ligne 4), Sentier (ligne 3) L'appartement calme (situé sur cour) et lumineux. Situé au au 2eme étage d'un immeuble sécurisé, digicode. Il est composé d'une cuisine americaine équipée (frigidaire, compartiment congélateur, plaques de cuisson, grille pain, bouilloire, cafetière, vaisselle) ouverte sur le salon , 1ere chambre avec un lit double, 2eme chambre avec un lit simple, canapé lit double dans le salon et un lit d'appoint Salle de bains avec baignoire, machine à (website hidden), internet WIFI Quartier commerçant avec de nombreux commerces de bouches, restaurants, théatres Plusieurs lignes de metro a coté : Bonne
29457	"This is a typical Parisian district, with lots of theaters, venues, and restaurants, with a ""brasserie"" just near the building. This spot is also close to the largest department stores (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps) and perfect for a french shopping experience. This is the district of the Parisians passages (very romantic little streets crossing the buildings that Walter Benjamin loved so much) & the district of the beautiful Palais Royal, where philosophers used to meet in the XVIIIth Century. In a few words you can get everything in Paris just by crossing the street. This family apartment has a large living room with a modern working fireplace with firewood and an “L” shaped modern style sofa situated opposite. There is also a large dining table with chairs at one end of the salon. The living room has windows on one side overlooking the small street and windows on the other side overlooking a small private interior garden courtyard. The equipment includes a large plasma screen with"	"This is a modern style three bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor (with elevator). It's large, at 1,375 Sq. Ft. (Sleeps 8). Located between Place de la Opera and the Royal Palace, it's close to the Louvre and is very calm and quiet. This is a typical Parisian district, with lots of theaters, venues, and restaurants, with a ""brasserie"" just near the building. This spot is also close to the largest department stores (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps) and perfect for a french shopping experience. This is the district of the Parisians passages (very romantic little streets crossing the buildings that Walter Benjamin loved so much) & the district of the beautiful Palais Royal, where philosophers used to meet in the XVIIIth Century. In a few words you can get everything in Paris just by crossing the street. This family apartment has a large living room with a modern working fireplace with firewood and an “L” shaped modern style sofa situated opposite. There is also a large dining table with chai"
29458		Magnificent 2-bedroom duplex apt with a lovely 30m2 terrasse. It is located over a historical gallery at Montorgueil (pedestrian area), centrally located, 5mins foot from Le Marais, 5mins metro to the Opera, Galeries Lafayette, Notre Dame.
29459	"We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of Palais Royal  on the sixth floor  with stunning view of  Paris 's rooftops.  Our large apartment (110 meters squared) features: -original ""Versailles"" hardwood floors  -Full modern kitchen with gas range, oven  -Dishwasher, washing machine and dryer  - 1 bathroom,  with a big bath.  -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  Towels and linens are provided for our guests. VERY quiet building Nice area for shopping ( Rue Saint Honore) and restaurants Very closed to the major museum in Paris (Louvres) 200 mts away from Jardin du Palais Royal where you can have lunch on terrace and walk in the garden. Please do feel free to contact us if you have any questions!"	"We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of Palais Royal  on the sixth floor  with stunning view of Paris rooftops We have an airy and light-filled apartment in the heart of Palais Royal  on the sixth floor  with stunning view of  Paris 's rooftops.  Our large apartment (110 meters squared) features: -original ""Versailles"" hardwood floors  -Full modern kitchen with gas range, oven  -Dishwasher, washing machine and dryer  - 1 bathroom,  with a big bath.  -Very thick stone walls that keep the flat cool in the summer and warm in the winter The master bedroom has a queen size bed.  Towels and linens are provided for our guests. VERY quiet building Nice area for shopping ( Rue Saint Honore) and restaurants Very closed to the major museum in Paris (Louvres) 200 mts away from Jardin du Palais Royal where you can have lunch on terrace and walk in the garden. Please do feel free to contact us if you have any questions! Metro station ""Pyramides"" 50 mts away"
29460	"The flat is situated ""Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis"". You can go in 10 min in a lot of Famous places as ""Le Louvre"", ""Les Champs Elysées"", ""EIFFEL TOWER"", ""Beaubourg"", ""Le Marais"", ""Saint Germain des Prés"", ""Chatelet"".  Also, the street in itself is really attractive and friendly as its made with a lot of shops, bars and restaurants opened late. The studio is just 2 min from the metro, ""Strasbourg St Denis"", Ligne 4.  The ligne takes you directly to La Gare Montparnasse, Chatelet, les Champs Elysées, Opéra, Le Marais, Saint Germain des Prés..."	"The flat is situated ""Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis"". You can go in 10 min in a lot of Famous places as ""Le Louvre"", ""Les Champs Elysées"", ""EIFFEL TOWER"", ""Beaubourg"", ""Le Marais"", ""Saint Germain des Prés"", ""Chatelet"".  Also, the street in itself is really attractive and friendly as its made with a lot of shops, bars and restaurants opened late. The studio is just 2 min from the metro, ""Strasbourg St Denis"", Ligne 4.  The ligne takes you directly to La Gare Montparnasse, Chatelet, les Champs Elysées, Opéra, Le Marais, Saint Germain des Prés..."
29461	The apartment is located in the center of Paris, in the 2nd district. The neighborhood is extremely quiet, as there is no through traffic allowed, only taxies, local residents and delivery trucks. The neighborhood can be a bit loud in the summer, mostly on the weekends. May through July is peak tourist season and the restaurants right around the corner, on Rue Tiquetonne, set up tables outside (bars are not allowed to have activity outdoors in this neighborhood). The place is 80 sq meters (around 861 sq feet). The apartment is two units converted into one- a loft on each side, one of which has a queen size bed (above the kitchen). The loft is about 1.7 meters (5.5 ft) tall, a bit low. The other queen size bed is located in the bedroom that is under the second loft. Comfortably sleeps 3, however the bathroom is a bit small. The couch's are a bit old at this point, but will be replaced in the next couple of months. There are two and a half flights of stairs to access the apartment, with 	The apartment is located in the center of Paris, in the 2nd district. The neighborhood is extremely quiet, as there is no through traffic allowed, only taxies, local residents and delivery trucks. The neighborhood can be a bit loud in the summer, mostly on the weekends. May through July is peak tourist season and the restaurants right around the corner, on Rue Tiquetonne, set up tables outside (bars are not allowed to have activity outdoors in this neighborhood). The place is 80 sq meters (around 861 sq feet). The apartment is two units converted into one- a loft on each side, one of which has a queen size bed (above the kitchen). The loft is about 1.7 meters (5.5 ft) tall, a bit low. The other queen size bed is located in the bedroom that is under the second loft. Comfortably sleeps 3, however the bathroom is a bit small. The couch's are a bit old at this point, but will be replaced in the next couple of months. There are two and a half flights of stairs to access the apartment, with 
29462	Petit appartement (30metres carré) situé entre le quartier Montorgueil (3minutes) et les grands boulevards. L'appartement est idéalement situé à proximité du Louvre (10 minutes à pied) du centre Pompidou (10 minutes à pied). Le marché de Montorgueil ou du faubourg St denis faciliteront vos différentes envies. 	Petit appartement (30metres carré) situé entre le quartier Montorgueil (3minutes) et les grands boulevards. L'appartement est idéalement situé à proximité du Louvre (10 minutes à pied) du centre Pompidou (10 minutes à pied). Le marché de Montorgueil ou du faubourg St denis faciliteront vos différentes envies. Internet téléphone ou mail Les restos, les bars, les marchés la proximité de nombreux musées Metro : (phone number hidden)
29463	Located in a 18th century building, near the Square des Victoire and the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, this apartment of 54 m2 has a floor mezzanine where you can sleep. It has been entirely renovated and offers luxurious accommodations.  In the living room, the walls are made from stones from paris and furnitures have been brought from different trips alll over the world. The flat has been decorated in a very artistic way.  5 people can sleep in total. One sofa / bed (160 cm x 200 cm) is located on the main floor. 2 can sleep in it. There is also a bed on the mezzanine floor. (160 x 200 cm) and a futon bed (160 x 80 cm).  You will enjoy a flat TV screen of 110 cm with a home theatre, DIGITAL TV, WIFI and a DVD player.  Modern Kitchen with Stainless steel home appliances. The kitchen is fully equiped. Dishwasher and washing machine are included! The bathroom has a bath. Toilets are independent. You will be 2 minutes away from the Sentier Subway station. 5 minutes away from les Halles	Superb loft apartment in the heart of Paris. Subway is 2 minutes away. You will enjoy the beautiful quartier of Montorgueil. Lot of French boutiques and restaurants. Walk  5 minutes away from les Halles. Live the Parisian life! Located in a 18th century building, near the Square des Victoire and the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, this apartment of 54 m2 has a floor mezzanine where you can sleep. It has been entirely renovated and offers luxurious accommodations.  In the living room, the walls are made from stones from paris and furnitures have been brought from different trips alll over the world. The flat has been decorated in a very artistic way.  5 people can sleep in total. One sofa / bed (160 cm x 200 cm) is located on the main floor. 2 can sleep in it. There is also a bed on the mezzanine floor. (160 x 200 cm) and a futon bed (160 x 80 cm).  You will enjoy a flat TV screen of 110 cm with a home theatre, DIGITAL TV, WIFI and a DVD player.  Modern Kitchen with Stainless steel home
29464	"A LUXURIOUS two bedrooms duplex located two minutes from the famous ""place de l'opera"". 55 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with safe digicodes and gardian. Bright and quiet apartment, View of the Building's courtyard. The apartment consisted of two bedrooms, a living room, a bathroom, a separate toilet and a kitchen. The kitchen is totally equipped with a microwave, electric hob, fridge, freezer and a washing machine. All the Cutlery will also be provided. The first bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and the second with a sofa bed. Some bed sheets will be provided for the stay. The living room has a flat screen TV with over 100 cable channels. A wireless connection is available throughout the apartment. The apartment is on the fourth floor of a Haussmann building. It is a French historical monument, so there is no elevator. "	"A LUXURIOUS two bedrooms duplex located two minutes from the famous ""place de l'opera"". 55 m2, fully renovated and furnished in a safe Haussmann building with safe digicodes and gardian. Bright and quiet apartment, View of the Building's courtyard."
29465	Cocoon of 5 stars 50m ² sunny combining comfort, charm, calm and clean, design in the center of Paris, at the foot of all Parisian theaters (The Renaissance, Comedy, The Splendid, Saint-Antoine), in a Haussmann building. Metro 50 meters (line 4/8/9). The heart of a popular district with shops and markets nearby. All amenities available (large living room with king-size bed, dressing room, large walk-in shower, fitted kitchen, washing machine, LCD TV, DVD / blue-ray, internet max speed). To see some comments of my last guests visit the site : (website hidden) General Heating, Alarm, Linen / Blankets, Washer, Dryer Sleeping Room (2 guests), 1 double bed (Sofa can be used as extra bed) (1 tenant), 1 sofa bed Room (s) Towels, Shower, Hairdryer Kitchen Plates, Freezer, Kettle, Cutlery, Dishwasher, Toaster, Glasses, Oven, Coffee Maker, Kitchenware, Microwave, Grill, Fridge Outdoor facilities Parking / Garage  Parking: € 20 per day Entertainment and electronics DVD, Books, Internet (wireless)	Cocoon of 5 stars 50m ² sunny combining comfort, charm, calm and clean, design in the center of Paris, at the foot of all Parisian theaters (The Renaissance, Comedy, The Splendid, Saint-Antoine), in a Haussmann building. Metro 50 meters (line 4/8/9). The heart of a popular district with shops and markets nearby. All amenities available (large living room with king-size bed, dressing room, large walk-in shower, fitted kitchen, washing machine, LCD TV, DVD / blue-ray, internet max speed). To see some comments of my last guests visit the site : (website hidden) General Heating, Alarm, Linen / Blankets, Washer, Dryer Sleeping Room (2 guests), 1 double bed (Sofa can be used as extra bed) (1 tenant), 1 sofa bed Room (s) Towels, Shower, Hairdryer Kitchen Plates, Freezer, Kettle, Cutlery, Dishwasher, Toaster, Glasses, Oven, Coffee Maker, Kitchenware, Microwave, Grill, Fridge Outdoor facilities Parking / Garage  Parking: € 20 per day Entertainment and electronics DVD, Books, Internet (wireless)
29466	Idéalement desservi par les transports en commun en plein coeur de paris, cet appartement a entièrement été refait en 2012 et est situé dans l'un voir même le meilleur quartier de paris ;)	2-pièces douillet pour 2 personnes au coeur de Paris, entre le Marais, le Louvre et les grands Boulevards, à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil! Sur 4 lignes de métro (3;4;8;9), à 15 minutes du Châtelet ou de gare du Nord! V'lib au pied de l'immeuble! Idéalement desservi par les transports en commun en plein coeur de paris, cet appartement a entièrement été refait en 2012 et est situé dans l'un voir même le meilleur quartier de paris ;) Je loue mon appartement quand je suis en vacances. Mes amis et ma familles qui habitent dans le meme quartier vous accueillerons si je ne suis pas là, et vous aiderons si vous avez des questions Quartier Montorgeuil, Immeuble situé dans une rue calme à moins de 5 minutes de très nombreux bars et cafés, boulangeries, fromageries, boucheries, poissonneries...(et aussi quelques supermarché ;) ) Métro Line 3, 4, 8, 9  Station: Réaumur-Sébastopol, Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, Sentier Chatelet et gare du Nord à 15 minutes Station Vélib juste devant la porte.
29467	Modern and stylish duplex with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, for up to six guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a nice sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. You could also enjoy home cooked meals and breakfast, with the contemporary open kitchen designed with a bar and supplying, microwave, hob, fridge, freezer, a dish washer, kettle, toaster and coffee machine. The stairs give access to the large master bedroom and it's ensuit bathroom. The master bedroom contains a chic queen size bed with a high quality mattress, a flat screen TV an	Modern and stylish duplex with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, for up to six guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most exiting area Modern and stylish duplex with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, for up to six guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a nice sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. You could also enjoy home cooked meals and breakfast, with the contemporary open kitchen designed with a bar and supplying, microwave,
29468	Situé dans un quartier historique, dans un immeuble du 17ème siècle, ce charmant studio offre un calme unique tout en étant au cœur de Paris, grâce à son orientation sur cour.	Studio moderne en L de 25m carrés donnant sur cour, calme et au cœur de Paris. Proximité de nombreuses lignes de métro et bus. Peut loger 2 personnes. Très confortable et fonctionnel, il dispose de tous les équipements nécessaires pour y vivre. Situé dans un quartier historique, dans un immeuble du 17ème siècle, ce charmant studio offre un calme unique tout en étant au cœur de Paris, grâce à son orientation sur cour. Les voyageurs auront accès à l'appartement dans sa totalité, incluant cuisine et salle de bain, ainsi qu'aux équipements : télévision, wifi, projecteur, machine à laver... En revanche, il est interdit de fumer dans l'appartement. Une personne de ma famille sera présente lors de votre arrivée afin de vous accueillir, de vous informer et de vous présenter le quartier dans lequel vous allez séjourner. Restaurants de toutes sortes, commerces de proximité, quartier historique, à 5 minutes de l'Opéra Garnier et de Notre-Dame de Paris. Le logement étant au centre de Paris, les li
29469	Spacious and modern loft, for up to four guests in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a spacious and elegant sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. The outstanding bar with its four high chairs is perfect for enjoying breakfast or home cooked meals thanks to its large open kitchen with a contemporary design, supplied with a microwave, hob, fridge, freezer, a dish washer, kettle, toaster and coffee machine. The romantic bedroom contains a chic queen size bed with a high quality mattress, two bedside table and a chest of drawers. The room is separat	Spacious and modern loft, for up to four guests in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter.  Spacious and modern loft, for up to four guests in the authentic Montorgueil district. The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable quarter, surrounded by a host of bars, bistros, museums ans boutiques. The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The living area is furnished with wooden floors, wall prints, and a spacious and elegant sofa which can turn into a comfortable double bed. You will also find a large coffee table, two chairs and a flat screen TV. The outstanding bar with its four high chairs is perfect for enjoying breakfast or home cooked meals thanks to its large open kitchen with a contemporary design, supplied with a mi
29470	Very comfortable 120x190 sofa bed. Modern and fully equipped apartment with a flat screen TV, microwave, hob, kettle, cofee machine and toaster. A hairdyer, an Iron and board are also available, washing machine and Dryer at the disposal of the guests (not in the apartment) Fresh towel and linen provided (professional cleaning company) 	Nice 18sqm studio, refurdbished in May 2014 and well equipped in the middle of the Sentier-Montorgueil neighborhood.  Lots of cafés and bars, very central with easy access to al the rest of the City Very comfortable 120x190 sofa bed. Modern and fully equipped apartment with a flat screen TV, microwave, hob, kettle, cofee machine and toaster. A hairdyer, an Iron and board are also available, washing machine and Dryer at the disposal of the guests (not in the apartment) Fresh towel and linen provided (professional cleaning company) Late check-in fees policy: - 20€ after 20:00 - 40€ after 21:00 - 60€ after 23:00
29471	The flat has a vast living room of 45 sq.m two bedroom (you will have the best one), an office space, one bathroom with WC (and a magnificient room on Paris'roofs!), a kitchen,  very quiet  (on inner court) and bright (6th floor).	    In a charming & atypical flat of  100 sq.m, 6th floor (lift) within an old building, very quiet, bright and easy access (métros Sentier, Réaumur-Sébastopol, Bonne-Nouvelle) : a bedroom  with double bed. Balcony.    The flat has a vast living room of 45 sq.m two bedroom (you will have the best one), an office space, one bathroom with WC (and a magnificient room on Paris'roofs!), a kitchen,  very quiet  (on inner court) and bright (6th floor). Everything except my bedroom ;-)) I communicate in French and English, and will be glad to give advices on day to day life in Paris, and also places to go and visit. Posso capire l'italiano, e lo parlo cosi cosi ;-) Sentier/montorgueil is (one of) the best neighborhood in Paris,a very lively and trendy one, with a lot of shops,  bars, restaurants, elegant buildings. It is the largest pedestrian aera in Paris. Very convenient, at a walking distance to Chatelet/les Halles, Quartie Latin, Saint Germain, Le Marais, Opéra... 1o mn to Le Louvre, 10 m
29472		Lovely and charming 1 bedroom apartment, on the 2nd floor with elevator of an Hausmanian building, located in the pedestrian area of Montorgueil, in the 2nd district, extremely central and a village atmosphere with an every day market, plenty of 
29473	Moderne, fonctionnel et plein de charme 	Deux pièces plein de charme baigné de soleil à 2 pas de Montorgueil et Étienne Marcel.   Grand séjour avec canapé lit, cuisine ouverte  sur salon/salle à manger, chambre et salle de bain avec WC. Appartement refait à neuf récemment, à la décoration scandinave et moderne. Moderne, fonctionnel et plein de charme Cuisine équipée  Wifi Linge de maison Rangement Check in avec toutes explications de maison Quartier historique de Paris, animé et culturel. Nombreux restaurants, bars et boutiques à proximité. Métro ligne 3,9,8,4 Nombreux bus RER Halles
29474	"This charming flat is located in one of Paris's oldest, most typical and charming pedestrian streets  of ""le vieux Paris"". La Rue Montorgeuil represents the cradle of french civilization and is spot on it the heart of Paris. La Rue Montorgeuil is a lively pedestrian market street, famous for its many restaurants, bars, cafes, designer shops. It is a picturesque 700 meter street. It takes about 10 minutes to stroll down, and the repetition of stores reveals something about the French priorities: 9 cafes, 6 boulangeries (bakeries) , 4 butchers, 4 wine shops, 3 fromageries (cheese shops), 2 chocolatiers, 2 poissoneries (fish shops) ,3 vegetable sellers, 2 tobaccos, 2 florists and 3 pharmacies.... It is a unique area because it is an entirely paved ""quartier""which heightens the villagey and authentic feel and the impression that it is separate even though it is an intrinsic part of (website hidden) is the Parisian neighborhood of everyone's dreams, rich in contrasts, character and vivid co"	"This charming flat is located in one of Paris's oldest, most typical and charming pedestrian streets  of ""le vieux Paris"". La Rue Montorgeuil represents the cradle of french civilization and is spot on it the heart of Paris. La Rue Montorgeuil is a lively pedestrian market street, famous for its many restaurants, bars, cafes, designer shops. It is a picturesque 700 meter street. It takes about 10 minutes to stroll down, and the repetition of stores reveals something about the French priorities: 9 cafes, 6 boulangeries (bakeries) , 4 butchers, 4 wine shops, 3 fromageries (cheese shops), 2 chocolatiers, 2 poissoneries (fish shops) ,3 vegetable sellers, 2 tobaccos, 2 florists and 3 pharmacies.... It is a unique area because it is an entirely paved ""quartier""which heightens the villagey and authentic feel and the impression that it is separate even though it is an intrinsic part of (website hidden) is the Parisian neighborhood of everyone's dreams, rich in contrasts, character and vivid co"
29475	In the room, east facing, you will be gently woken up by the rising sun. This room is very bright in the morning, has a view on a little street and is perfect for who wants to be dynamic in the morning.  We transformed the living room into a dining room/2nd bedroom, to increase the capacity to four people. The kitchen is very convenient and you will find many tools in addition to the oven, the induction hob, the fridge, the freezer. The bathroom is equipped with a large bathtub and you will experience our very personal toilets.	Between Grands Boulevards and Montorgueil.  In the very center of Paris : almost all major places in Paris accessible by step + 4 metro lines and many buses ! A sunny, pretty and convenient flat. In the room, east facing, you will be gently woken up by the rising sun. This room is very bright in the morning, has a view on a little street and is perfect for who wants to be dynamic in the morning.  We transformed the living room into a dining room/2nd bedroom, to increase the capacity to four people. The kitchen is very convenient and you will find many tools in addition to the oven, the induction hob, the fridge, the freezer. The bathroom is equipped with a large bathtub and you will experience our very personal toilets. The very typical Montorgueuil street and neighborhood are 3 minutes away from the flat. The neighborhood is very trendy, a lot of good shops and restaurants, representing many cultures. The japanese neighborhood (rue st Anne) is at 10 minutes walking, just before the ma
29476	The flat is 1 minute walk from the so charming pedestrian area Montorgueil (google it!). You will also reach the Palais Royal in 10minutes by wlak and the Louvre in 15 minutes. Without the noice of the center of Paris, because the flat is on a quiet courtyard. Parquet (wood floor), wood beams, timbering: what a warmth in the evening! In the day time, you will enjoy the sun arriving in the south oriented aartment! As you may see on pics, I do like nice furniture and modern art.  The room is quiet (double bed), there is a sofa in the living room you can use as a double bed as well.  There is a bathtub in the the bathroom and the toilet are separated.  I hope you will enjoy the place as I do!	Very quiet and stylish flat near the pedestrian Montorgueil area. 1 living room (with a transformable sofa if needed), 1 room (double bed), 1 balcony. On a quiet courtyard. Sunny. Wood everywhere ! And full equipped (it's my own flat!). Enjoy Paris! The flat is 1 minute walk from the so charming pedestrian area Montorgueil (google it!). You will also reach the Palais Royal in 10minutes by wlak and the Louvre in 15 minutes. Without the noice of the center of Paris, because the flat is on a quiet courtyard. Parquet (wood floor), wood beams, timbering: what a warmth in the evening! In the day time, you will enjoy the sun arriving in the south oriented aartment! As you may see on pics, I do like nice furniture and modern art.  The room is quiet (double bed), there is a sofa in the living room you can use as a double bed as well.  There is a bathtub in the the bathroom and the toilet are separated.  I hope you will enjoy the place as I do! Wifi, washing machine, hair dryer, everything it th
29477	Great location in the center of Paris! Big apartment for 8 people, with double bathroom and kitchen.	Great location in the center of Paris! Big apartment for 8 people, with double bathroom and kitchen. Lot of restaurants. Near to famous shops as Les Galleries Lafayette. Metro 1  Palais Royal - Musée du Louvre Metro 14 and 7 Pyramides Check-in is free between 3:00pm and 8:00pm. Before or after extra fee of 30€ by cash at your arrival. On week end and French Public Holiday, at any time, extra fee of 40€ by cash.
29478	Grand studio pres des halles et de l opera a 2mn des Grands Boulevards du Grand Rex , du Jamel comedie club et plein d' autres theatres. club, cinemas , musee gd magasins, COLETTE , RUE ST HONORÉ ...... TOUT EQUIPÉ  petit cocon ds vieil immeuble ambiance filles de joies et sentier donc grossistes. rue pietonniere bonne ambiance a 2mn du metro reaumur sebastopol. proche de tout. pres des halles et de l'opera tt est accessible rapidement . plein centre de paris ;) station velib a coté. rer/metro/bus/voiture je laisse pas mal d affaires personels notement  ds la salle de bain et les placards merci de respecter ca.  je ne fournis pas les servietes de bains! pres des halles et de l'opera tt est accessible rapidement . plein centre de paris ;) station velib a coté. rer/metro/bus/voiture je laisse pas mal d affaires personels notement  ds la salle de bain et les placards merci de respecter ca.  je ne fournis pas les servietes de bains!	"Grand studio pres des halles et de l opera a 2mn des Grands Boulevards du Grand Rex , du Jamel comedie club et plein d' autres theatres. club, cinemas , musee gd magasins... TOUT EQUIPÉ et 'petite cours"" pour ce garer la nuit. Grand studio pres des halles et de l opera a 2mn des Grands Boulevards du Grand Rex , du Jamel comedie club et plein d' autres theatres. club, cinemas , musee gd magasins, COLETTE , RUE ST HONORÉ ...... TOUT EQUIPÉ  petit cocon ds vieil immeuble ambiance filles de joies et sentier donc grossistes. rue pietonniere bonne ambiance a 2mn du metro reaumur sebastopol. proche de tout. pres des halles et de l'opera tt est accessible rapidement . plein centre de paris ;) station velib a coté. rer/metro/bus/voiture je laisse pas mal d affaires personels notement  ds la salle de bain et les placards merci de respecter ca.  je ne fournis pas les servietes de bains! pres des halles et de l'opera tt est accessible rapidement . plein centre de paris ;) station velib a coté. rer"
29479	This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment overlooks the courtyard on both sides. It is located on the 1st floor with no elevator.  Entirely renovated, this large apartment of 47 m2 has nice volumes. Peaceful and bright, this apartment has a stylished neo-factory decoration. In the entrance, you can find a large closet where you can store your luggage. The double living room has large windows, a dining table, an office desk, a flat screen TV, a 160 cm sofa bed and a leather chaise longue. Discreetly laid out, the mezzanine offers a 80 cm bed. The kitchen is opened onto the living. It includes a fridge, hot plates and a dishwasher. On the other side of the living room, there is a lovely bedroom with two 80 cm beds that can be twinned to form a 160 cm double bed, a wardrobe and an access to the bathroom that has a shower tub and WC.	This apartment with white wall has a refined decoration. It provides an ideal located in the heart of the Montorgueil area. After enjoying the excitement of this neighborhood, you will be able to come and relax in this quiet apartment. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment overlooks the courtyard on both sides. It is located on the 1st floor with no elevator.  Entirely renovated, this large apartment of 47 m2 has nice volumes. Peaceful and bright, this apartment has a stylished neo-factory decoration. In the entrance, you can find a large closet where you can store your luggage. The double living room has large windows, a dining table, an office desk, a flat screen TV, a 160 cm sofa bed and a leather chaise longue. Discreetly laid out, the mezzanine offers a 80 cm bed. The kitchen is opened onto the living. It includes a fridge, hot plates and a dishwasher. On the other side of the living room, there is a lovely bedroom with two 80 cm beds that can be t
29480	Built in 1770 by the marquess of Chabanais, this flat still has this original Louis XVI woodwork panels with mirrors and Versailles-style old parquet. The appartment is furnished with taste with French antiques including a crystal chandelier, a gilded harp and an amazing grand piano Pleyel.  The flat has been meticulously restored and decorated with beautiful old furnishings and museum-quality art.	Lovely historical flat in heart of Paris, this apartment is very central and is just the little taste of Paris you are looking for if you are in the city for a little break. Built in 1770 by the marquess of Chabanais, this flat still has this original Louis XVI woodwork panels with mirrors and Versailles-style old parquet. The appartment is furnished with taste with French antiques including a crystal chandelier, a gilded harp and an amazing grand piano Pleyel.  The flat has been meticulously restored and decorated with beautiful old furnishings and museum-quality art. Guests have access to the kitchen, marble bathroom, in addition to their guest room. The room doesn't have curtains, but the original inside shutters. The double bed is new and comfy. You will be sharing the bathroom and the kitchen with the hosts. The kitchen, witch has a dishwasher, and a washing machine,  is fully equipped for any style of dinner party. Wifi, towels and sheets are included. Breakfast is not included b
29481	Appartement 2 pièces idéalement placé au coeur du quartier Montorgueil (rue piétonne animée en plein centre de Paris). Mon appartement est un beau deux pièces de 45 m² avec une cuisine américaine. Les toilettes et la salle de bain sont dans des pièces séparées. L'appartement est situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur et est très lumineux.  Le lit de la chambre est un matelas queen size. Le canapé lit est un très confortable convertible. L'appartement peut accueillir de 1 à 4 personnes. Des capsules de café, des draps et des serviettes sont fournies. Vous pouvez accéder à l'appartement depuis le métro Sentier (ligne 3) situé à 30 secondes ou avec le RER Chatelet Les Halles à 5-7 minutes à pied (avec accès direct à Orly et Roissy Charles de Gaulle). Depuis l'appartement vous pouvez visiter à pied de nombreux quartier de Paris tels que le Marais, Châtelet, les Grands Magasins, Louvre-Rivoli et Opéra. La rive gauche est a à peine 15 minutes à pied. Le quartier Montorgueil est très animé et vous 	Appartement 2 pièces idéalement placé au coeur du quartier Montorgueil (rue piétonne animée en plein centre de Paris). Mon appartement est un beau deux pièces de 45 m² avec une cuisine américaine. Les toilettes et la salle de bain sont dans des pièces séparées. L'appartement est situé au 4e étage sans ascenseur et est très lumineux.  Le lit de la chambre est un matelas queen size. Le canapé lit est un très confortable convertible. L'appartement peut accueillir de 1 à 4 personnes. Des capsules de café, des draps et des serviettes sont fournies. Vous pouvez accéder à l'appartement depuis le métro Sentier (ligne 3) situé à 30 secondes ou avec le RER Chatelet Les Halles à 5-7 minutes à pied (avec accès direct à Orly et Roissy Charles de Gaulle). Depuis l'appartement vous pouvez visiter à pied de nombreux quartier de Paris tels que le Marais, Châtelet, les Grands Magasins, Louvre-Rivoli et Opéra. La rive gauche est a à peine 15 minutes à pied. Le quartier Montorgueil est très animé et vous 
29482	- LARGE, 1 bdrm apt (680 sq feet / 64 m²) - Central location in the 2nd district of Paris (metros : Sentier / Bonne Nouvelle) - 2nd floor of recently renovated building - New & Modern fully equipped kitchen, living room, modern bath & shower w/ separate WC - Ideal for a couple but a third person/child can sleep on the living room couch.	"- Large, 1 bedroom apartment (680 sq feet / 64 m²) -2nd floor walk-up of recently renovated building - Central location in the 2nd district of Paris (metros: Sentier & Bonne Nouvelle) - Fully equipped kitchen / modern bathroom & shower / Apple TV - LARGE, 1 bdrm apt (680 sq feet / 64 m²) - Central location in the 2nd district of Paris (metros : Sentier / Bonne Nouvelle) - 2nd floor of recently renovated building - New & Modern fully equipped kitchen, living room, modern bath & shower w/ separate WC - Ideal for a couple but a third person/child can sleep on the living room couch. Flat screen TV, Apple TV, Excellent sound system, Playstation 3, Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, microwave, oven, toaster, coffee machine, dish washer), laundry machine, iron, iron table. Sheets, towels, and shampoo are also provided. I will remain available to answer all your questions throughout your stay. The Sentier district is easily accessible and very central, surrounded by the ""Bourse"" and the pedestria"
29483	Studio of 21m², fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris (2nd arrondissement).  - 3rd floor without elevator and overlooking the courtyard (quiet and calm). - Renovated with kitchen separated from the main room.	Studio of 21m², fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris (2nd arrondissement). Active area. Close to Montorgueil street, and near by Opéra / Louvre / Chatelet. Perfect for a couple. Studio of 21m², fully equipped, located in the heart of Paris (2nd arrondissement).  - 3rd floor without elevator and overlooking the courtyard (quiet and calm). - Renovated with kitchen separated from the main room. If you have any problems you can contact me at any time. Active area with bars, restaurants, monuments, cinema, etc. Close to Montorgueil street, and near by Opéra / Louvre / Chatelet. Near by stations :  - Sentier (Metro 3) - Etienne Marcel (Metro 4) - Bonne Nouvelle (Metro 8, 9).
29484	Ideal for a short stay, this flat, in the center of Paris bring you all the comfort and facilities. Located in Etienne Marcel, 2 minutes from Montorgueil and Chatelet, this apartment of 30 square meters and 3 meters of high under roof is completely renovated and all furnished. Outside, you will be in the heart of Paris where all the Parisiain go for have a drink and diner. Many bars and new restaurants are waiting for you outside. Great annimation, price correct and secure. 	Ideal for a short stay, this flat, in the center of Paris bring you all the comfort and facilities. Located in Etienne Marcel, 2 minutes from Montorgueil and Chatelet, this apartment of 30 square meters and 3 meters of high under roof is completely renovated and all furnished. Outside, you will be in the heart of Paris where all the Parisiain go for have a drink and diner. Many bars and new restaurants are waiting for you outside. Great annimation, price correct and secure. 
29485	Apartement full equiped. Kitchen/ plasma/ Tv Cable/ Wi fi/ Oven/ Micro oven/ Disher machine Great apartment at the Paris SOHO. You will feel like  a real parisian. The apartment is an athic with all the bohemian and stylish of paris. You will be at the Montorgueil area, near the Louvre, the Pompidou. all the bars and Design shops of this great and young area. It's very important to respect the neighbours in the building not doing big noise after 9pm.Thanks The apartement is the owner residence and its rented occasionaly when the owner is abroad. The washing machine is out of service for the moment.	Apartement full equiped. Kitchen/ plasma/ Tv Cable/ Wi fi/ Oven/ Micro oven/ Disher machine Great apartment at the Paris SOHO. You will feel like  a real parisian. The apartment is an athic with all the bohemian and stylish of paris. You will be at the Montorgueil area, near the Louvre, the Pompidou. all the bars and Design shops of this great and young area. It's very important to respect the neighbours in the building not doing big noise after 9pm.Thanks The apartement is the owner residence and its rented occasionaly when the owner is abroad. The washing machine is out of service for the moment. For a short period there is a possibility ( not always) I wont be able to receive you in person at the apartment. Once you book the apartement i will let you know from where to take the keys. It will be in the same building, so don't worry. I'm in daily contact with the guests anyway. From Charles de Gaulle: RER B: station LES HALLES/Exit RAMBUTEAU Metro Line 4: Station Les Halles/Exit: Rue 
29486		Très beau studio, gai et lumineux à louer le week-end du 7 novembre juste au-dessus de la station Strasbourg Saint-Denis (metro 8, 4,  9 et bus  20, 38, 39 et 47). 25 mètres carré, cuisine à part équipée, salle de bain avec baignoire. 
29487	Très beau 2 pièces refait à neuf, moderne, avec grande hauteur sous plafond et de très grandes et nombreuses fenêtres. Emplacement exceptionnel : en plein coeur du sentier et du quartier du louvres, rue montmartre, montorgueil, réaumur... Mise à disposition de serviettes et draps propres et de tout l'équipement de l'appartement.	At the heart of Paris in the historic Parisian district with many shops/restaurants, discover my luminous, modern and new flat. Separate entrance, large living room with kitchen and sofa, bedroom with comfortable bed and office. Spacious shower room. Très beau 2 pièces refait à neuf, moderne, avec grande hauteur sous plafond et de très grandes et nombreuses fenêtres. Emplacement exceptionnel : en plein coeur du sentier et du quartier du louvres, rue montmartre, montorgueil, réaumur... Mise à disposition de serviettes et draps propres et de tout l'équipement de l'appartement. Accès direct des aéroports :  Station Châtelet  RER A de Charles de Gaulle RER B d'Orly Métros : Ligne 1 - Louvre/Rivoli Ligne 3 - Sentier Ligne 4 - Réaumur Ligne 9 - Grands boulevards Nombreux bus. Nombreuses boutiques place de la Victoire et partout dans le quartier. Nombreux bars et restaurants rue Montmartre et Montorgueil. Mes conseils : Café : Père et fils, Etienne marcel... Cocktails : Lockwood, bar du beef 
29488	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" "" ESPAGNOL """" En pleno centro del barrio de la moda y de teatro parisienses, cerca del Centro Pompidou asi que del Opera Garnier en una calle llamada la « Pigalle des parisienses »(rue Blondel 75002 )usted encontrara un departamento renovado y decorado con gusto y fineza en un edificio contruido en la segunda mitad de siglo XVII. Ubicado en el centro de Paris usted podra facilmente descubrir a pied el romantismo de la « ciudad luz » y tambien gracias a las cuatro "	"INGLISH "" "" In the center of the Fashion and Theaters district in Paris ; nearby George Pompidou center and The Opera Garnier in a street called « la Pigalle des Parisiens »(rue Blondel 75002) you will find one renovated and well decorated apartment in an historic building built in the XVII’s. Situated in the center of Paris, thanks to all the public transportation offered by the city around the apartment, you’ll be able to walk around the city easily and discover about the romantic places of that wonderful «Ville Lumière » "" "" ESPAGNOL """" En pleno centro del barrio de la moda y de teatro parisienses, cerca del Centro Pompidou asi que del Opera Garnier en una calle llamada la « Pigalle des parisienses »(rue Blondel 75002 )usted encontrara un departamento renovado y decorado con gusto y fineza en un edificio contruido en la segunda mitad de siglo XVII. Ubicado en el centro de Paris usted podra facilmente descubrir a pied el romantismo de la « ciudad luz » y tambien gracias a las cuatro "
29489	Studio in center of Paris 2nd district, 5th floor with great view of the roof Parisian. Perfectly situated you can do everything walk all the way. Walking distance from rue Montorgeuil (5 min ) the louvre ( 15min), Pompidou (15min) Place Vendôme (20min)  the opera (20min). You have all the shops nearby. Supermarket ( 1 min ),  many restaurant.  	Au cœur du  arrondissement, à deux pas des Grands Boulevards et de sentier, dans une rue calme proche de la Rue d’Alexandrie, studio au 5ème étage avec : pièce principale, cuisine ouverte, salle d’eau / WC. Nombreux transports à proximité ligne 4-9. Studio in center of Paris 2nd district, 5th floor with great view of the roof Parisian. Perfectly situated you can do everything walk all the way. Walking distance from rue Montorgeuil (5 min ) the louvre ( 15min), Pompidou (15min) Place Vendôme (20min)  the opera (20min). You have all the shops nearby. Supermarket ( 1 min ),  many restaurant. Metro stations : - Sentier (3)  -Strasbourg Saint Denis  - Grands Boulevards (8), (9)  Réaumur Sebastopol (3), (4)  Bus :  20, 38, 39 et 47
29490	In a former luxury Parisian hotel overlooking the square Louvois garden (Paris 2nd arrondissement) and facing the Old Richelieu Library, the apartment is right in the center of Paris near the Palais Royal gardens, the Grands Boulevards, the Louvre Museum and the Old Paris Opera House (Opéra Garnier). In a privileged greenery spot with a pedestrian access to the Square Louvois, it is also near the restaurants of rue Saint Anne, the movie theaters, the playhouses (Olympia, Comédie Française, Théâtre du Palais Royal, Opéra Garnier, Grand Rex), the large department stores (Galeries Lafayette / Printemps) and the covered passageways / galeries of Paris.   The apartement is fully furnished and equiped (DVD player, internet, TV, telephone, washing machine / dryer, dish-washer, oven / microwave, fridge / freezer, hot plates, toaster, coffee machine, etc.). It includes : - a comfortable and bright lounge with a bow-window that opens on a bright and quite street (rue Rameau). The room has a couc	In a former luxury Parisian hotel overlooking the square Louvois garden (Paris 2nd arrondissement) and facing the Old Richelieu Library, the apartment is right in the center of Paris near the Palais Royal gardens, the Grands Boulevards, the Louvre Museum and the Old Paris Opera House (Opéra Garnier). In a privileged greenery spot with a pedestrian access to the Square Louvois, it is also near the restaurants of rue Saint Anne, the movie theaters, the playhouses (Olympia, Comédie Française, Théâtre du Palais Royal, Opéra Garnier, Grand Rex), the large department stores (Galeries Lafayette / Printemps) and the covered passageways / galeries of Paris.   The apartement is fully furnished and equiped (DVD player, internet, TV, telephone, washing machine / dryer, dish-washer, oven / microwave, fridge / freezer, hot plates, toaster, coffee machine, etc.). It includes : - a comfortable and bright lounge with a bow-window that opens on a bright and quite street (rue Rameau). The room has a couc
29491	Fully renewed in 2013, this flat is the perfect place to spend few days - weeks; alone or with your partner.	"The perfect place to stay  in paris, just in the middle of lovely Montorgeuil neighborhood. Renewed in 2013, it's a tidy place with a lots of sun Fully renewed in 2013, this flat is the perfect place to spend few days - weeks; alone or with your partner. You can enjoy to live in my flat when i am abroad, but my family and friends which will give you the keys will be able to give you few tips about the neighborhood Montorgueil neighborhood, plenty of bar and restaurant at less than 5 minute walk, including the best cocktails at l"" Experimental cocktail club"" 15 min walk from ""le Louvre"", 20 min walk from ""Notre dame""... Subway line 3, 4, 8 and 9, close from Chatelet with all RER line Velib station in front of our building (almost free rental city bikes)"
29492	Studio lumineux et charmant, la terrasse de 10m2 au 5eme étage est l'occasion de pouvoir prendre un petit-déjeuner ou un verre les jours ensoleillés. L'appartement est composé d'une grande pièce principale avec une cheminée ou sont situés les espaces salon et nuit. L'appartement comprend aussi un coin cuisine et une salle de douche avec wc.	The studio of 33m2 are located in the Sentier district in center ofParis.  The studio is cozy, nicely decorated for two peoples and has a real bed.
29493	This 65 square meters (approx: 700 sqft)  apartment is located on rue du Caire in the 2nd district of Paris just next to Opera Garnier and not so far from Beaubourg Museum. It proposes 1 large living/dining/bed room, 1 opened equipped kitchen, 1 beautiful bathroom and a quiet private courtyard. It offers all quality services to welcome 3 people. The nearest metro station is Reaumur Sebastopol	This apartment is a large studio of 65 sqm (700 sqf) is located rue du Caire in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 3 people for leisure or business trip. This 65 square meters (approx: 700 sqft)  apartment is located on rue du Caire in the 2nd district of Paris just next to Opera Garnier and not so far from Beaubourg Museum. It proposes 1 large living/dining/bed room, 1 opened equipped kitchen, 1 beautiful bathroom and a quiet private courtyard. It offers all quality services to welcome 3 people. The nearest metro station is Reaumur Sebastopol - Wifi unlimited - International TV - Dishwasher -Washing machine - Garden - Sheets - Towels I am at your disposition throughout your stay. From the Place de l´Opera to Sentier district through the rue Montmartre, Place des Victoires and boulevard Poissonnière, this area as a special Parisian atmosphere. The little streets are full of life and many old and new little shops. It is the ideal district to fin
29494	Décoré de façon moderne,cet appartement se compose au rez de chaussé d'un salon-salle à manger et d'une cuisine américaine totalement équipée. A l'étage vous avez une chambre spacieuse et une salle d'eau accueillante, le tout baigné par la lumière d'une verrière. 	Décoré de façon moderne,cet appartement se compose au rez de chaussé d'un salon-salle à manger et d'une cuisine américaine totalement équipée. A l'étage vous avez une chambre spacieuse et une salle d'eau accueillante, le tout baigné par la lumière d'une verrière. L'appartement totalement équipé, Lave Linge, TV, Internet, Lecteur DVD, Chaine Hi-Fi, Machine Nespresso. Les draps et le linge de toilette sont fournis. Nous vous accueillons lors de votre arrivée et sommes disponibles avant et pendant votre séjour afin que vous passiez un moment inoubliable à Paris. N'hésitez pas à nous faire part de vos demandes. Quartier central près des Grands Boulevards et des théâtres, du quartier montorgueil, des halles, de Gare de l’Est, de Gare du Nord ou encore Opéra. Parmi les curiosités à découvrir: la rue du Faubourg Saint Denis, ancienne voie royale, abrite également la Porte Saint Denis, construite en 1672, découvrez aussi les deux Arcs de Triomphe, datant de 1670. Le quartier est largement dess
29495		Hello, The flat is 45m2 and situated in the 2nd arondisment of Paris, very close to the  (appart 45m2, Paris 2, proche du Musée du Louvre, dans un immeuble du 20eme siècle, proche transport et commerces et dans un quartier animé. 
29496	deux pièces de 50 m2 au centre de Paris, fonctionnel et agréable. cuisine équipée, salle de douche, avec toilette et douche à l italienne.  un lit deux placesdans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon.	AU CALME DU QUARTIER MONTORGUEIL, APPARTEMENT DE CHARME de 50 m2 au RDC SUR COUR, POUVANT ACCUEILLIR 4 PERSONNES. IDEALEMENT SITUE AU CENTRE DE PARIS,  A 1 MN A PIED DE LA CELEBRE RUE PIETONNE MONTORGUEIL deux pièces de 50 m2 au centre de Paris, fonctionnel et agréable. cuisine équipée, salle de douche, avec toilette et douche à l italienne.  un lit deux placesdans la chambre et un canapé lit dans le salon. en cas de problème, je ne suis jamais bien loin pour vous trouver une solution.. Le quartier Montorgueil est l'un des plus recherchés actuellement à Paris,  piétonnier il regorge de bons petits restaurants et des meilleurs commerces de bouche. Très central, vous pouvez vous rendre à pied dans la plupart des lieux touristiques:  A 5 mn: Musée Pompidou Beaubourg, Les Halles, St Eustache...  A moins de 10 mn: Le Louvre, Notre Dame, la Conciergerie et la Sainte Chapelle...  A 30/40 mn: La Tour Eiffel, Montmartre  Autrement, vous êtes à 2 pas de la station Châtelet-Les Halles, et RER A, 
29497	Our loft apartment offers 700sqft (62m2) of modern living space with great historic details: 12ft (3m60) high ceilings with exposed wood beams, huge windows, vintage chevron wood floors, Fully equipped kitchen, full bathroom with tub and shower, separate WC. There is one queen bed in the loft bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room.	    Located in Montogueil  district, this  super charming large living room+1 bedroom loft is fabulous for 2/3 people (1 queen bed, 1 queen sofa bed( best for kids or 1 adult), full kitchen, bath & shower, WC. 3-nights minimum.   For your honeymoon? Our loft apartment offers 700sqft (62m2) of modern living space with great historic details: 12ft (3m60) high ceilings with exposed wood beams, huge windows, vintage chevron wood floors, Fully equipped kitchen, full bathroom with tub and shower, separate WC. There is one queen bed in the loft bedroom, and a double sofa bed in the living room. There is free wifi in the apartment. Phone calls are free to land lines in most countries around the world (charges apply to mobile phones). The apartment is equipped with satellite TV, microwave/conventional oven combo, fridge, stove, washer/dryer combo, hairdryer. Upon confirmed reservation and full payment, you will receive instructions to enter the building and get the keys to the apartment. Rental
29498	Location: Located in the 2nd arrondissement, the old market streets are devoid of cars, but crowded with locals shopping for some of the best fresh food in town. The main drag is rue Montorgueil, lined with fruit-and-vegetable stands, bakeries, butcher shops and cheese stores. Nearby rue Tiquetonne and rue Dussoubs also have their share of boutiques and beautiful old architecture. The apartment is 50m away from the Place des Victoires, only two steps away from the Palais Royal, Saint Honoré Street, Montorgueil, the Pompidou Center, the Marais to name a few. This area is full of good restaurants, cafés, shops of all sorts, arts, clothes, jewelry, shopping addicts will love it ! The central position of this apartment will allow you to reach most of the main tourist points by foot. The closest metro stations are Sentier (line 3 to go to Le Marais in 5 minutes), Etienne Marcel(line 4, to go to Cité Island in 5 minutes or to St Germain des Prés in 10 minutes), Châtelet les Halles (RER A to 	Location: Located in the 2nd arrondissement, the old market streets are devoid of cars, but crowded with locals shopping for some of the best fresh food in town. The main drag is rue Montorgueil, lined with fruit-and-vegetable stands, bakeries, butcher shops and cheese stores. Nearby rue Tiquetonne and rue Dussoubs also have their share of boutiques and beautiful old architecture. The apartment is 50m away from the Place des Victoires, only two steps away from the Palais Royal, Saint Honoré Street, Montorgueil, the Pompidou Center, the Marais to name a few. This area is full of good restaurants, cafés, shops of all sorts, arts, clothes, jewelry, shopping addicts will love it ! The central position of this apartment will allow you to reach most of the main tourist points by foot. The closest metro stations are Sentier (line 3 to go to Le Marais in 5 minutes), Etienne Marcel(line 4, to go to Cité Island in 5 minutes or to St Germain des Prés in 10 minutes), Châtelet les Halles (RER A to 
29499	A large living room with two sofas, tv & wifi. An open kitchen, a nice bathroom and a cosy bd room with a double bed ... Very cosy, enjoy !	"A cosy flat in Paris center (75002), served by multiple public transportations (lines 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 9). Next to the well-known piedestran street ""rue Montorgueil"" with its market. Modern & well appointed flat, a ""coup de coeur"" ! A large living room with two sofas, tv & wifi. An open kitchen, a nice bathroom and a cosy bd room with a double bed ... Very cosy, enjoy ! The whole appartment will be yours :) We would like to have a quick chat by phone to both better know each other and, if you would like, to provide some good advice on Paris! A lot of public transportations within 5 min : lines 1, 3, 4, 8, 9 !"
29500	Appartement penthouse avec l'une des plus belles terrasses du quartier.	Appartement penthouse rue piétonne de 60m2 sur deux étages (chambre à l'étage sous les toits). Terrasse entièrement fleurie de 5m de large avec table et 6 chaises plein sud avec store et BBQ. Grand salon et tous les électroménagers et wifi. Appartement penthouse avec l'une des plus belles terrasses du quartier. Chambre, salon, toilette, cuisine, salle de bain et terrasse. Au cas par cas et fonction de mes déplacements. Le quartier Montorgueil est situé en plein centre de Paris (2e arrondissement). Il est connu pour ses nombreux restaurants, sa rue commerçante pour allez faire son marché et ses bars et nombreuses boutiques. A 1 minute du métro sentier et 4 minute des Halles (Ligne 1 et RER B). Idéal pour les gens qui veulent limiter leurs déplacements par le fait qu'il soit très (website hidden) piétonne en plein centre de Paris.
29501	"Rue de la Paix belongs to the popular cultural of Paris. It is the most expensive property in the French version of Monopoly - the equivalent to ""Boardwalk"" in the American version, or ""Mayfair"" in the UK version. Rue de la Paix is mentioned by Rhett Butler in the novel Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell as the source of the green bonnet purchased to bring Scarlett O'Hara out of mourning."	"This apartment is in rue de la Paix. The rue de la Paix is a fashionable shopping street in the center of Paris, running north from Place Vendôme and Opéra Garnier, it is best known for its jewellers, such as the shop opened by Cartier in 1898. Rue de la Paix belongs to the popular cultural of Paris. It is the most expensive property in the French version of Monopoly - the equivalent to ""Boardwalk"" in the American version, or ""Mayfair"" in the UK version. Rue de la Paix is mentioned by Rhett Butler in the novel Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell as the source of the green bonnet purchased to bring Scarlett O'Hara out of mourning. Our reception team will check-in the guest at the apartment and will assist them during their stay The rue de la Paix is a fashionable shopping street in the center of Paris. Located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, running north from Place Vendôme and ending at the Opéra Garnier, it is best known for its jewellers, such as the shop opened by Cartier in"
29502	Lovely and cozy studio in the heart of pedestrian district Montorgueil. Located on the 3rd floor of a 1830 building, the area is the most lively and entertaining part of paris. The flat is located on the rear courtyard, so it is fantasticly quiet, with lots of light. Located 1 min from the Marais and Pompidou Center, 3 min from Les Halles, and 12 minutes from the Louvre Museum. Discover all the buzzing nightlife of the Marsh right at your doorstep, and enjoy the beauty of old Paris within walking distance. Regarding gay nightlife: Impact Bar (fun naturist gay bar) is 30 meters from flat. Sun City (biggest european gay sauna) is 100 meters from flat. All of the gay are is within a 5 min walk.	Lovely and cosy studio in the heart of pedestrian district Montorgueil. Located on the 3rd floor of a 1830 building, the area is the most lively and entertaining part of paris. The flat is located on the rear courtyard, so it is fantasticly quiet, wi Lovely and cozy studio in the heart of pedestrian district Montorgueil. Located on the 3rd floor of a 1830 building, the area is the most lively and entertaining part of paris. The flat is located on the rear courtyard, so it is fantasticly quiet, with lots of light. Located 1 min from the Marais and Pompidou Center, 3 min from Les Halles, and 12 minutes from the Louvre Museum. Discover all the buzzing nightlife of the Marsh right at your doorstep, and enjoy the beauty of old Paris within walking distance. Regarding gay nightlife: Impact Bar (fun naturist gay bar) is 30 meters from flat. Sun City (biggest european gay sauna) is 100 meters from flat. All of the gay are is within a 5 min walk. Enjoy a lovely and quiet studio in one of the be
29503		Un studio de charme en plein cœur de Paris (1er arrondissement), dans un quartier animé et rempli d'histoire. L'immeuble date de 1800 et le studio est simple et coquet. Beaucoup de monuments et lieux incontournables à très grande proximité!
29504	""" "" Luxurious earths pied in the heart in Paris, in the famous district called Montorgueil ""Her village Montorgueil"", located in the 2ème arrondissement. This splendid earths pied is composed of a couch read with mattress of quality a kitchenette, and I bathe shower with wc. The furnishings and the equipments of tall range you permeterrano to live a calm sogiorno in full calm. Very bright thanks to the great zenith glass door, very calm, elegant refined person and pleasant. Placed in a building of the XVIII century....guaranteed love at first sight!! The central position is ideal to discover Paris... Besides the shops of fashion the most selective up to the most prestigious antiquaries, afoot, and in alone few minutes you will be to the Louvre or in the gardens of the Palais Royal.. and for a more contemporary Paris in 10 minutes afoot you can discover the collections in the center George Pompidou... at least that a more romantic passegiata to Saint-Germain - des-Prés you interressi mo"	"Late check in after 10 pm =30€ "" "" Luxurious earths pied in the heart in Paris, in the famous district called Montorgueil ""Her village Montorgueil"", located in the 2ème arrondissement. This splendid earths pied is composed of a couch read with mattress of quality a kitchenette, and I bathe shower with wc. The furnishings and the equipments of tall range you permeterrano to live a calm sogiorno in full calm. Very bright thanks to the great zenith glass door, very calm, elegant refined person and pleasant. Placed in a building of the XVIII century....guaranteed love at first sight!! The central position is ideal to discover Paris... Besides the shops of fashion the most selective up to the most prestigious antiquaries, afoot, and in alone few minutes you will be to the Louvre or in the gardens of the Palais Royal.. and for a more contemporary Paris in 10 minutes afoot you can discover the collections in the center George Pompidou... at least that a more romantic passegiata to Saint-Germa"
29505	The studio is located in a non-touristy neighborhood both popular and trendy, near Sentier and Marais, close to new restaurants, bars, café, stores, but also museum, gallery or gardens (north near Canal Saint-Martin, or south Tuileries). You could go on foot or; use all the many public transport around. Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort. There is a comfortable sofa bed (Muji) for 2 people. There is a real kitchen that you can use, with fridge, induction cooktop, coffee machine. The bathroom has a shower. Internet (wifi) is available. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building protected as a historic monument.  It is very well located for public transport- steps from the Strasbourg-St-Denis metro which gives you access to the M4, M8, and M9 lines.  The neighborhood around Porte St Denis is lively so you're surrounded by food at all price ranges and food from around the world (Turkey, Kurdistan, Syria, etc), cool bars (Jeanette, e.g.), cafés, as well as two g	The studio is located in a non-touristy neighborhood both popular and trendy, near Sentier and Marais, close to new restaurants, bars, café, stores, but also museum, gallery or gardens (north near Canal Saint-Martin, or south Tuileries). You could go The studio is located in a non-touristy neighborhood both popular and trendy, near Sentier and Marais, close to new restaurants, bars, café, stores, but also museum, gallery or gardens (north near Canal Saint-Martin, or south Tuileries). You could go on foot or; use all the many public transport around. Clean bed linens and towels are provided for your comfort. There is a comfortable sofa bed (Muji) for 2 people. There is a real kitchen that you can use, with fridge, induction cooktop, coffee machine. The bathroom has a shower. Internet (wifi) is available. The apartment is on the 3rd floor of a building protected as a historic monument.  It is very well located for public transport- steps from the Strasbourg-St-Denis metro which gives you
29506	Lovely and very spacious apartment ideally located: in the center of Paris, close to Opera Garnier and to Musée du Louvre. Peaceful, quiet, tastefully decorated. Apartment/flat four to five persons. Surface area: 100 m2/1076 sqft 3 rooms, of which 2 bedrooms Bedding: 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed, 2 Single beds, and a folding bed (for a baby).  Independent kitchen, Living room, Office, 1 bathroom, 1 separated toilet. Additional services : Bed linen, Sheets and towels provided, connexion Internet wifi, Dish washer, Laundry machine, Freezer, TV, Cooking stove, Hot plate, Oven, Microwave, Fridge, Fridge freezer, Coffee maker, Toaster, Kettle, Tumble Dryer, Shower, Bath tub, Books, Lift, Iron, Ironing board, Vacuum cleaner, Fan, Heating, Stereo, CableTV, DVD player. More informations here : (website hidden) Notice: Pets not allowed, Smokers unwelcome.	Rent a real Parisian flat, fully equipped (kitchen, laundry machine, wifi). Ideally located: in the center of Paris, close to Opera Garnier and to Musée du Louvre. Peaceful, quiet. More informations here : (website hidden) Lovely and very spacious apartment ideally located: in the center of Paris, close to Opera Garnier and to Musée du Louvre. Peaceful, quiet, tastefully decorated. Apartment/flat four to five persons. Surface area: 100 m2/1076 sqft 3 rooms, of which 2 bedrooms Bedding: 1 Double bed, 1 Sofabed, 2 Single beds, and a folding bed (for a baby).  Independent kitchen, Living room, Office, 1 bathroom, 1 separated toilet. Additional services : Bed linen, Sheets and towels provided, connexion Internet wifi, Dish washer, Laundry machine, Freezer, TV, Cooking stove, Hot plate, Oven, Microwave, Fridge, Fridge freezer, Coffee maker, Toaster, Kettle, Tumble Dryer, Shower, Bath tub, Books, Lift, Iron, Ironing board, Vacuum cleaner, Fan, Heating, Stereo, CableTV, DVD player. More infor
29507		"These lovely 30 square meter apartment is located in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 6st floor of a Haussmannian Stylish building. Idealy located in the ""heart of Paris"", closed to The Opera, Le Louvre, Rive Gauche and all the Best Shopping places."
29508	This studio is located in a historic Parisian building right in a beautiful, lively neighborhood. The ceiling has traditional wodden beams in line with the ancient French way of architecture. The windows go towards the courtyard, which makes it very quiet. There is a sofabed which comfortably suits 2 and enough space to store your luggage and clothes.	Great studio in beautiful Parisian neighborhood with loads of good restaurants and fun bars right in the heart of Paris, close to all historic sites (Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, etc). Close to the subway. Great for a few days, a week or even few months This studio is located in a historic Parisian building right in a beautiful, lively neighborhood. The ceiling has traditional wodden beams in line with the ancient French way of architecture. The windows go towards the courtyard, which makes it very quiet. There is a sofabed which comfortably suits 2 and enough space to store your luggage and clothes. The entire studio will be fully available during your stay. Need info on which parts of Paris to see? Where to party and a few insider tips? I'll be there to help you! The apt is very well centered so easy access to everything, including major sites like Notre Dame, Saint Germain, Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysees, etc.  4 subway stations are in close walking distance allowing you to get virtually
29509	This is a small but perfectly formed room with a comfortable double bed in a lovely 2nd floor apartment, right in the centre of Paris ( 2nd Arrondissement). The apartment is in a typical old Parisian Haussmann building, equipped with a modern spacious (for Paris) kitchen and shower room, plus 1 lovely housemate! Located between Strasbourg St Denis and Reaumur Sebastapol metro stations, this apartment really is in the heart of the city, with great metro links to everywhere.  The Pompidou centre is just a 10 minute walk away and there are an abundance of shops/bars/restaurants in the immediate vicinity. The room itself is of medium size with a double bed, desk, hanging space and some Paris guidebooks to get you started on your Parisian adventure! The room itself has a key lock for your security and comfort. This is a very secure building with 3 different doors before you get into the main apartment. Full fast Wifi connectivity.  We're a friendly house, keeping quiet in the week but like 	This is a small but perfectly formed room with a comfortable double bed in a lovely 2nd floor apartment, right in the centre of Paris ( 2nd Arrondissement). The apartment is in a typical old Parisian Haussmann building, equipped with a modern spacious (for Paris) kitchen and shower room, plus 1 lovely housemate! Located between Strasbourg St Denis and Reaumur Sebastapol metro stations, this apartment really is in the heart of the city, with great metro links to everywhere.  The Pompidou centre is just a 10 minute walk away and there are an abundance of shops/bars/restaurants in the immediate vicinity. The room itself is of medium size with a double bed, desk, hanging space and some Paris guidebooks to get you started on your Parisian adventure! The room itself has a key lock for your security and comfort. This is a very secure building with 3 different doors before you get into the main apartment. Full fast Wifi connectivity.  We're a friendly house, keeping quiet in the week but like 
29510	In the heart of historical Paris, and connected to 4 of the city’s metro lines , our charming two floor apartment is perfect for a visit with friends.   The flat (80 sqm or 860 sqft) is located on the 6th (and highest) floor of the building, and can accommodate 6 adults, 4 adults at this time -> the sofa bed is broken...   Bright and airy, the flat has 2 bedrooms upstairs : a master bedroom for adults, and a smaller bedroom with bunk beds.   The lower floor houses a large dining room/work area with :   Extensible dining table for 8 people Fully equipped kitchen with induction hobs, microwave, oven, dishwasher and coffee machine A (very comfortable) convertible sofa bed Separate bathroom and shower rooms. Separate WC. 107cm plasma screen, surround sound home cinema, 220 channel digital TV Unlimited wi-fi access Washing machine    The flat is located between two retail areas within 5 minutes walking distance : rue du Faubourg St Denis and passage Brady, and the famous rue Montorgueil.   	In the heart of Paris, and connected to 4 of the city’s metro lines , our charming two floor apartment is perfect for a visit with friends or family. In the heart of historical Paris, and connected to 4 of the city’s metro lines , our charming two floor apartment is perfect for a visit with friends.   The flat (80 sqm or 860 sqft) is located on the 6th (and highest) floor of the building, and can accommodate 6 adults, 4 adults at this time -> the sofa bed is broken...   Bright and airy, the flat has 2 bedrooms upstairs : a master bedroom for adults, and a smaller bedroom with bunk beds.   The lower floor houses a large dining room/work area with :   Extensible dining table for 8 people Fully equipped kitchen with induction hobs, microwave, oven, dishwasher and coffee machine A (very comfortable) convertible sofa bed Separate bathroom and shower rooms. Separate WC. 107cm plasma screen, surround sound home cinema, 220 channel digital TV Unlimited wi-fi access Washing machine    The flat 
29511	The apartment is a large studio (38m²). It’s a traditional “Haussmann”-style building that’s typical of central Paris. It’s not on the road, facing an inner garden/courtyard, so it’s very quiet (we thank you for respecting this calmness for the sake of our neighbours!).  It’s comfortable and bright, and although it’s on the 5th floor, there is a lift.  The apartment itself consists of a “sitting room” area with a sofa and dining table, and from there to a second “room” which had a very comfortable sofa bed (no annoying lumps under the mattress). This main area includes a wooden parquet floor in the Parisian-style. The kitchen has everything you need, including a washing machine, going through to a bright bathroom with shower and toilet.	A warm and comfortable lived-in apartment on the fifth floor, with lift, and not on the road (so it’s very quiet) in Paris’s 2nd arrondissement in the historic heart of Paris, near central landmarks such as the Louvre and Opéra and rue Montorgeuil. The apartment is a large studio (38m²). It’s a traditional “Haussmann”-style building that’s typical of central Paris. It’s not on the road, facing an inner garden/courtyard, so it’s very quiet (we thank you for respecting this calmness for the sake of our neighbours!).  It’s comfortable and bright, and although it’s on the 5th floor, there is a lift.  The apartment itself consists of a “sitting room” area with a sofa and dining table, and from there to a second “room” which had a very comfortable sofa bed (no annoying lumps under the mattress). This main area includes a wooden parquet floor in the Parisian-style. The kitchen has everything you need, including a washing machine, going through to a bright bathroom with shower and toilet. You 
29512	Just in the perfect location, in a typical french building from the 18th century, a charming and quiet 24 sqm fully redone and refurbished apartment. In a noble bourgeois building, facing the quiet and large interior courtyard, the apartment is located on the first floor (lift and stairs) and offers every comfort needed for 2 guests:  - A comfortable leather sofa bed for 2 persons (queen size) in the living room - A fully equipped kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) - A bathroom with bathtub, WC and hair dryer - Unlimited internet access, TV with international channels - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board -Some items can be provided for your arrival (coffee, tea, sugar, etc.) Location:  This is the most central area you could be in Paris! Literally when you step out, you are situated rue Montmartre, in the central Montorgueuil pedestrian area. That very trendy and good shopping place offers many outdoor café, bakeries and restaurants, all amenities an	The perfect location in the heart of Paris, in the pedestrian area Montorgueil, in a typical french building from the 18th century ! This charming and quiet 24 sqm fully redone apartment will seduce all the people who want to Enjoy Paris. Just in the perfect location, in a typical french building from the 18th century, a charming and quiet 24 sqm fully redone and refurbished apartment. In a noble bourgeois building, facing the quiet and large interior courtyard, the apartment is located on the first floor (lift and stairs) and offers every comfort needed for 2 guests:  - A comfortable leather sofa bed for 2 persons (queen size) in the living room - A fully equipped kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) - A bathroom with bathtub, WC and hair dryer - Unlimited internet access, TV with international channels - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board -Some items can be provided for your arrival (coffee, tea, sugar, etc.) Location:  This is the most central area 
29513	As it’s known in all metropolises, the most important matter is LOCATION, LOCATION and LOCATION! Situating between the Paris Opera and the Louvre,15 minutes by subway, you can get to the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and Montmartre! This simple but modern two-room apartment is embraced by a variety of cultural and historical sites such as Concorde Square, Madeleine Church and Vendôme Square. Strolling along the avenue de l'Opéra to the south for 10 minutes, you will reach the Lourve. By 5 minutes more walk, you are at the River Seine with Musee de l'Orangerie and Concorde Square at sight. If you go north, in 5 minutes, shopping paradise Lafayette and Printemps are waiting there. Across the avenue de l'Opéra, Rue da la Paix and Vendôme Square are on the west. It is of amazing convenience for the transport at such a location that there are a bunch of metro lines, to be specific, Line 3,7,8,9,14 and city train RER Line A and E, and as well a number of bus routines including a direct bus t	Location!!! Price&Quality!!! Close to Opera but in a small quiet street,Metro  (phone number hidden); RER A,E etc.  Lots restaurants most attractions close by! Student's simple apartment in the city centre, enjoy your comfortable home in Paris! As it’s known in all metropolises, the most important matter is LOCATION, LOCATION and LOCATION! Situating between the Paris Opera and the Louvre,15 minutes by subway, you can get to the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and Montmartre! This simple but modern two-room apartment is embraced by a variety of cultural and historical sites such as Concorde Square, Madeleine Church and Vendôme Square. Strolling along the avenue de l'Opéra to the south for 10 minutes, you will reach the Lourve. By 5 minutes more walk, you are at the River Seine with Musee de l'Orangerie and Concorde Square at sight. If you go north, in 5 minutes, shopping paradise Lafayette and Printemps are waiting there. Across the avenue de l'Opéra, Rue da la Paix and Vendôme Square are
29514	Stylish and nice 55 m² refurbished flat with 1 bedromm and 1 large and spacious living room, for up to two guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district.  The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable and lively area. Walking distance from everything, you can find everything a minute away: cute boutiques, fresh and delicious baguette bakeries, great restaurants and bars.  Right in the center of Paris!!! The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The large living area is furnished with wooden floors, and two spacious and elegant sofas. The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV (french and foreign channels) and free box (high speed internet / WIFI). It is an ideal place for a couple on a romantic weekend in Paris! For the same quality, it is much nicer than an impersonal hotel! The apartment is strictly NON SMOKING.  The American kitchen is equipped 	Stylish and nice 55 m² refurbished flat with 1 bedromm and 1 large and spacious living room, for up to two guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district.  Right in the center of Paris!!! Stylish and nice 55 m² refurbished flat with 1 bedromm and 1 large and spacious living room, for up to two guests, in the authentic Montorgueil district.  The apartment entirely refurbished in June 2014, enjoys a central yet authentic location in one of the capital's most desirable and lively area. Walking distance from everything, you can find everything a minute away: cute boutiques, fresh and delicious baguette bakeries, great restaurants and bars.  Right in the center of Paris!!! The flat features a chic and modern style and comes equipped with a range of modern amenities. The large living area is furnished with wooden floors, and two spacious and elegant sofas. The apartment is equipped with a flat screen TV (french and foreign channels) and free box (high speed internet / WIFI). It is an ideal pl
29515	In a fully renovated building from the early 20th century, it is a bright, quiet and modern 2 bedroom flat that can accommodate 4 people. It is located on the 2nd floor. The flat is 60 sqm and includes original features such as parquet, and chimney (decorative). The main entrance door is digicoded for safety, and is an armored door. The whole flat faces a courtyard, all with double gaze windows. It offers a lot of storage thanks to built-in closets. AMENITIES  All the appliances and TV equipment are brand new and top-of-the-range. The kitchen is fully equipped: frige/small freezer, micro-wave, dishwasher, 2 zone inductions hob, extractor, Nespresso machine and everything you need to cook with. The bathroom is super design, including a shower and a washing machine. The toilet is separate. The internet enabled projector screen has cable and displayed on the wall. It includes a Blue-ray DVD player. The flat offers high speed internet through WiFi. Telephone is free for calls on landlines 	Located in the walking district of Montorgueil (Paris Centre), our newly renovated apartment is quiet and fully equipped. It is a 2-bedrooms flat with a mixed living-dining room. In a fully renovated building from the early 20th century, it is a bright, quiet and modern 2 bedroom flat that can accommodate 4 people. It is located on the 2nd floor. The flat is 60 sqm and includes original features such as parquet, and chimney (decorative). The main entrance door is digicoded for safety, and is an armored door. The whole flat faces a courtyard, all with double gaze windows. It offers a lot of storage thanks to built-in closets. AMENITIES  All the appliances and TV equipment are brand new and top-of-the-range. The kitchen is fully equipped: frige/small freezer, micro-wave, dishwasher, 2 zone inductions hob, extractor, Nespresso machine and everything you need to cook with. The bathroom is super design, including a shower and a washing machine. The toilet is separate. The internet enabled p
29516		Grand studio de 28 m², avec un espace chambre séparé du salon et une cuisine ouverte avec bar. L'appartement peut loger deux personnes, est très central, et dans une rue calme en plein  centre de Paris. Lieux touristiques à proximité : Louvres, Opéra, Galleries Lafayette Métro Strasbourg-Saint-Denis (Ligne 4, 8 et 9)  Métro Sentier (ligne 3)
29517	"Pied à terre central, lumineux et spacieux.Situé en plein centre de Paris, cette location saisonnière est située dans un quartier typiquement parisien, là où vous vivrez le ""vrai Paris"", à deux pas du quartier piétonnier de la Rue Montorgueil et du quartier des Halles. Cet appartement de 50 m² à l'agencement récent, et à la cuisine équipée vous permettra de passer un séjour idéal et agréable dans la capitale. Tout juste rénové, au premier étage, lumineux, il vous offre tout le confort avec la télévision, le lecteur DVD, l'accès Wifi, une cuisine toute équipée, lave vaisselle, four, frigo, vaisselle, nombreux rangements, draps, serviettes de toilette. Salle de bains avec lavabo et toilette séparés. Une machine à laver dans la cuisine. Vous pourrez loger à 2 personnes dans une chambre confortable, et/ou dans le canapé convertible du salon. Cet appartement situé juste au dessus d'une Galerie d'art contemporain est également décoré de nombreuses œuvres d'art. Une grande verrière en double "	Apartment Located in the heart of Paris , just in front to of a beautiful green wall . Close to the metro, also near to a lot of activities and restaurants within walking distance. The ideal place to experiment the Parisian life style. The appartment all for the guests. Lea will be here to welcome you and show you the place. It's a really calm and central area. Also the vegetal wall in the window all day made a real difference. Location: Métro: Sentier, Etienne Marcel, Réaumur - Sébastopol, Les Halles RER: Châtelet - Les Halles Bus: 20, 39, 29 The appartment is at the 1rst floor.
29518	1 living room with kitchen included and with 1 convertible bed, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 balcony	The position of the apartment is perfect! Less than 10 minutes to the Louvre museum 5min to Opera. The house is comfortable and clean. There are 1 living room with kitchen included and with 1 convertible bed, 1 bedroom and 1 lovely terrace 1 living room with kitchen included and with 1 convertible bed, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom and 1 balcony -towels -internet -sheets i will welcome the guest and keep contact for any question subway : richelieu drouot, 4 septembre, Opéra
29519		This comfortable 90M2, 2 Bedroom apartment, fully equipped, will make your stay in beautiful Paris
29520		This central apartment is renovated.  There is a bathtub, a washing machine, a kitchen and a double bed (sofa). I'm shared the apartment by sleeping on the mezzanine. I'll be happy to give you some tips about the city.
29521	With 30 sqm, the studio is on the 1st floor of a 18th century building. The area and the building are safe and secured (digicode & intercom). The flat is very cosy and comfortable.  You will find a spacious area with a table, sofa bed, desk and closet. The kitchen is fully equipped with a micro-waves, hot plate, coffee machine, fridge, and wash machine. The bathroom is equipped with Italian shower, big sink, hair-dryer, towel-dryer and suspended toilets. 	Come and discover this charming studio perfectly located between the Louvre, the Palais Royal and the famous Opéra. The flat has been newly renovated and is fully equipped for an unforgettable stay in Paris!  With 30 sqm, the studio is on the 1st floor of a 18th century building. The area and the building are safe and secured (digicode & intercom). The flat is very cosy and comfortable.  You will find a spacious area with a table, sofa bed, desk and closet. The kitchen is fully equipped with a micro-waves, hot plate, coffee machine, fridge, and wash machine. The bathroom is equipped with Italian shower, big sink, hair-dryer, towel-dryer and suspended toilets. The flat is entirely available (i.e. you will be the exclusive renter inside)  Unlimited Internet & Wifi I am available and stay at your disposal during your stay for all questions you may have about the flat, the neighborhood (I speak French, English and German…) The flat is very well situated in Rue de Richelieu between The Oper
29522	Nice Central practice Agréable centrale pratique	Apartment in the district deemed and Central Montorgueuil, 2 living room with American kitchen, a bedroom with bed elevated, bathroom with shower and WC, attractively decorated everything necessary for a pleasant stay.  Neighborhood living very central, restaurant, merchants nearby metro. Nice Central practice Agréable centrale pratique All TV wi - fi facilities & machine dishwasher cooktop oven refrigerator Toutes les commodités télé wi-fi machine à laver la vaisselle de table de cuisson four réfrigérateur If I'm on Paris it is with pleasure that I can help them discover the district   Si je suis sur Paris c'est avec plaisir que je peux leur faire découvrir le quartier My neighborhood is extraordinary it seems to me that this is one of the most side of Paris, Central cartoons, history with many traders. Mon quartier est extraordinaire il me semble que c'est l'un des plus côté de Paris, centrale animés, historique avec beaucoup  de commerçants . Il y a beaucoup de moyen de transport à 
29523	One room of two adjoining rooms in a flat located between the Louvre and Opera Garnier in a 17th century building. The junior suite, 25 m2 with a king  size double bed (180x190); with carpets, a table, an armchair, and rugs. Third floor without (website hidden), Wi Fi . Separated WC and bathroom. Very quite 	Between the Louvre and Opéra Garnier, wonderfull 17th century building, quiet, junior suite, perfect for cultural holidays or shopping. One room of two adjoining rooms in a flat located between the Louvre and Opera Garnier in a 17th century building. The junior suite, 25 m2 with a king  size double bed (180x190); with carpets, a table, an armchair, and rugs. Third floor without (website hidden), Wi Fi . Separated WC and bathroom. Very quite Access to the kitchen for the continental breakfast  prepared by your self included in the rate. Arrival between 12.30 AM and 14PM or to be determinated in advance Availability for discussions regarding the parisian events and plus if asked. Quitness during the week end, animation during the week, restairant aeras, and situation in the center of Paris, walking distance to the major touristic cultural and shopping areas. Metro station : Pyramides Ligne : 07. La Courneuve-Villejuif/Mairie d'Ivry, Ligne (website hidden) Lazare-Olympiades  Parking : Cor
29524	"Big room in haussman appartment 120M, center Paris. 2 double bed. possibility another double bed in living room. Very good natural light, piano, wifi. Apparment is ""vintage"" parisian artistic. Double window. The photos are than airbnb. METRO Bonne Nouvelle Welcome !!"	"Big room in haussman appartment 120M, center Paris. 2 double bed. possibility another double bed in living room. Very good natural light, piano, wifi. Apparment is ""vintage"" parisian artistic. Double window. The photos are than airbnb. METRO Bonne Nouvelle Welcome !!"
29525	On the 5th floor (with lift) calm & bright, 2 flats next door to each other, both fully equipped. 3 double bedrooms, 2 sofa beds, 2 bathrooms , 1 with bathtub/shower.	Two apartments on the 5th floor (with lift) 15 minutes walk to Opera & Louvre. 
29526		Small budget studio in the very center of Paris.  Bed linen & towels included. Equipped kitchen, shower room and separate WC. Check-in: 2:00-8:00 pm Check-out: to 11:00 am (flexible on agreement).  2 minutes walk to the metro. The location is just perfect - you are close to everything! Besides that there are a lot of stores in a few meters. Metro is nearby too. Metro Reaumur-Sebastopol (lines 3, 4) - 2 minutes walking from the apartment. Metro Strasbourg - Saint-Denis (lines 4,8,9) - 6 minutes walking.
29527	Private room in big and very charming flat  110m2, warm, cosy and very quiet. HEART of Paris. Entrance with computer corner (Mac), big livingroom with cable Tv, dvd, Diningroom, 3 Bedroom (Mine, my 3 1/2 years old Daughter's one, and YOURS !!), 2 bathroom, shower & bathtub, Japanese WC (email hidden)y it! BREAKFAST...I don't prepare it but you can use tea, coffee, bread, marmelade, honey, fruit juice, cereals, milk etc... 	Bed and breakfast, in big and very charming flat  110m2, warm, cosy & very quiet. HEART of Paris. Entrance with computer corner, big livingroom with cable Tv, dvd, Diningroom, 3 Bedroom, 2 bathrooms, Separate toilets (Japanese!) Private room in big and very charming flat  110m2, warm, cosy and very quiet. HEART of Paris. Entrance with computer corner (Mac), big livingroom with cable Tv, dvd, Diningroom, 3 Bedroom (Mine, my 3 1/2 years old Daughter's one, and YOURS !!), 2 bathroom, shower & bathtub, Japanese WC (email hidden)y it! BREAKFAST...I don't prepare it but you can use tea, coffee, bread, marmelade, honey, fruit juice, cereals, milk etc...  Access to everything except my room and Louise's room!, Many space. Rooms are well séparate,  night corner & day corner. Pleased to share some experience about Paris and his hidden treasures or to speak about almost everything. Why not have a meal or drink together!  LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION !!! 100m from Opéra. You can go walking to the Lo
29528	The flat is really cute and lovely decorated and in the heart of Paris close to any transports and shops. :-)	Lovely flat in the heart of Paris near the Opera.  It is perfect for couples wishing to stay in a typical Parisian neighborhood ! The flat is really cute and lovely decorated and in the heart of Paris close to any transports and shops. :-) Kitchen / bathroom with everything / Internet / lovely room and living room / books, make yourself at home ! :-) We are in the heart of Paris with good restaurant where parisians go !  Lovely creator shops and bistrots ! You can do whatever you want by foot, metro or bus !
29529		Enjoy a glass of wine on your terrace overlooking the roofs of Paris. This is 3-level apt: L1: living, entrance, kitchen, L2: bedroom double bed, L3: terrace, 6-pers table, bbq. Steps away from rue Montorgueil, restaurants, velib, metro.      
29530	Filled with French provincial furniture, high ceilings, hard wood floors, double exposure with 7 tall French windows.   The building dates from the 17th century : Louis XVI even stopped in. The pedestrian Montorgueil area is three minutes by foot : tons of restaurants, shops, and bars. The Garnier Opera is five minutes away, as are Galeries Lafayette and Printemps department stores.  The Louvre is a ten minute walk away. The apartment has the kitchen looking onto dining area and living room, with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, stove & hood, oven & micro-wave, double sink, bar.  Washer and dryer in separate closet.  Wifi, TV, sheets, towels, plates, cutlery, appliances. all provided.  Everything you need to feel utterly at home. Métro stops Strasbourg-St Denis and Bonne Nouvelle are less than one minute away.	One flight up from ground floor, in a XVIIth c. building, on a street off the Grands Boulevards (sufficiently far away to avoid the noise), the apartment is in the garment district, just a three-minute walk from the hip Montorgueil pedestrian area. Filled with French provincial furniture, high ceilings, hard wood floors, double exposure with 7 tall French windows.   The building dates from the 17th century : Louis XVI even stopped in. The pedestrian Montorgueil area is three minutes by foot : tons of restaurants, shops, and bars. The Garnier Opera is five minutes away, as are Galeries Lafayette and Printemps department stores.  The Louvre is a ten minute walk away. The apartment has the kitchen looking onto dining area and living room, with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, stove & hood, oven & micro-wave, double sink, bar.  Washer and dryer in separate closet.  Wifi, TV, sheets, towels, plates, cutlery, appliances. all provided.  Everything you need to feel utterly at home. Métro stops Str
29531	The studio is situated right in the heart of Paris.  The flat gives onto a courtyard. There is no noise of circulation.  Big windows return the very bright room.	Charming studio of 20m² (square meter), in full center of Paris, unless 5 minutes on foot of Châtelet-les-Halles. The studio is bright, in a quiet atypical street. There is a double bed on a mezzanine or a real double bed in sofa very comfortable. The studio is situated right in the heart of Paris.  The flat gives onto a courtyard. There is no noise of circulation.  Big windows return the very bright room. The studio has WiFi / Internet by the fiber, as well as the television (400 channels,national and international).  The kitchen area is equipped with electric plates and one microwaves. I remain available for any information of tourism and advice on Paris.  We can communicate by e-mail or by telephone, in French, English or Spanish. The street Saint-Denis is one of the oldest streets of Paris.  Numerous artistic, cultural, gastronomic activities are a few steps away from the flat, like Centre Pompidou, the shopping mall of Chatelêt-Les-Halles, the Le Marais quarter. The district is ve
29532		A very sunny and quite spacious room, with a double bed and beautiful flowery balconies
29533	Hello, I am subletting my bedroom the 3 first weeks of march in order to finance my vacations! :) (primarily 15 days ) The appart is located downtown,  in the very trendy rue Montorgueil in the heart of Paris in the 2nd arrondissement. All stores/shops (supermarkets,pharma, restau,bars) many subway stations, RER...awesome environnement!  The appt is 106 m², has 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (you'll have your own), 1 living-room, 1 kitchen, 3 restrooms. The room is approximately 11 m2 and has two big windows as it is the room on the corner of the street. Sunny in the morning, very bright all day long and with a great view of the lovely street. I have 3 roomates (3 men) from 28 to 31, very nice, easy-going. They appreicate nice people, open-minded and who love traveling. All nationalities welcome! Thank you for reaching me out by e-mail with a little description of you and the dates you are interested in.  Talk to you soon! Marie	Hello, I am subletting my bedroom the 3 first weeks of march in order to finance my vacations! :) (primarily 15 days ) The appart is located downtown,  in the very trendy rue Montorgueil in the heart of Paris in the 2nd arrondissement. All stores/shops (supermarkets,pharma, restau,bars) many subway stations, RER...awesome environnement!  The appt is 106 m², has 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (you'll have your own), 1 living-room, 1 kitchen, 3 restrooms. The room is approximately 11 m2 and has two big windows as it is the room on the corner of the street. Sunny in the morning, very bright all day long and with a great view of the lovely street. I have 3 roomates (3 men) from 28 to 31, very nice, easy-going. They appreicate nice people, open-minded and who love traveling. All nationalities welcome! Thank you for reaching me out by e-mail with a little description of you and the dates you are interested in.  Talk to you soon! Marie You'll have your own bathroom and own shelf in the fridge. You'l
29534	Gorgeous 3 bedroom 2 bath apartment. You will love this luxury apartment in the heart of Paris located in the safest and best place of Paris.  The apartment is well decorated and in perfect condition.The perfect pied-à-terre in the French capital, both Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra Garnier are less then 5-minute walk away, whilst the Montmartre and Marais districts are within easy walking distance as well. Enjoy the sites by day and return to your luxurious and quiet apartment by night. A stylish and sophisticated option this centrally located apartment accommodates  in three private bedrooms. A tasteful and tranquil home , the apartment features a spacious living area,a bathroom with a bath and shower, and a fully equipped kitchen. Close to a wealth of boutiques, bars and typical French bistros, the apartment boasts pared-back Parisian decor, with high ceilings, parquet flooring, complimentary WiFi, iPod docks and flat screen televisions. This apartment is in a calm street, in the 	Gorgeous 3 bedroom 2 bath apartment. You will love this luxury apartment in the heart of Paris located in the safest and best place of Paris.  The apartment is well decorated and in perfect condition.The perfect pied-à-terre in the French capital
29535	Near Opera de Paris: large 2/3 rooms, typical Parisian apartment, very QUIET in the center of Paris:  Beautiful apartment of 70m2,  high ceiling with moldings, large windows, located on the 2nd floor with elevator, overlooking on a courtyard.  Entry on: a large dining room with buffet / kitchen well equipped with fridge and freezer, electric  hobs, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, dishes ...  A shower room with washing machine and separate WC,  Then a large living room with a sofa bed for 2 people, TV / WIFI,  Then a large room with 1 double bed and dressing.  For maximum 4 people.  Station Strasbourg St Denis: Metro lines 4, 8 and 9 /  bus (phone number hidden) ... direct from train station of: Gare du Nord, de l'Est, de Lyon, Saint Lazare, Montparnasse, but also for  Opéra de Paris, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, République, Bastille,  musée du Louvre, Saint Germain des Pres ...  And you'll be at only 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame, Marais, Seine, Centre Georges Pompidou ...  The linen i	Near Opera de Paris: large 2/3 rooms, typical Parisian apartment, very QUIET in the center of Paris:  Beautiful apartment of 70m2,  high ceiling with moldings, large windows, located on the 2nd floor with elevator, overlooking on a courtyard.  Entry on: a large dining room with buffet / kitchen well equipped with fridge and freezer, electric  hobs, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, dishes ...  A shower room with washing machine and separate WC,  Then a large living room with a sofa bed for 2 people, TV / WIFI,  Then a large room with 1 double bed and dressing.  For maximum 4 people.  Station Strasbourg St Denis: Metro lines 4, 8 and 9 /  bus (phone number hidden) ... direct from train station of: Gare du Nord, de l'Est, de Lyon, Saint Lazare, Montparnasse, but also for  Opéra de Paris, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, République, Bastille,  musée du Louvre, Saint Germain des Pres ...  And you'll be at only 10 minutes walk from Notre Dame, Marais, Seine, Centre Georges Pompidou ...  The linen i
29536	It's located very close to the famous Place de l'Opéra, facing the Café de la Paix. Its small balcony, in typical Parisian style, overlooks the Opéra roof and the Boulevard des Capucines.  This is a budget studio apartment for an excellent rate! It's also perfect for a couple discovering Paris during a romantic weekend or a extended holiday. 	Here is a charming studio apartment of 23 square meters, situated on the 6th floor with lift to the 5th. Its small balcony is overlooking the famous Opéra rooftop. The perfect place and placement in Paris! It's located very close to the famous Place de l'Opéra, facing the Café de la Paix. Its small balcony, in typical Parisian style, overlooks the Opéra roof and the Boulevard des Capucines.  This is a budget studio apartment for an excellent rate! It's also perfect for a couple discovering Paris during a romantic weekend or a extended holiday. The building is well secured. The first door is closed during the night. The second door is always closed and has a pincode.  The apartment has a little kitchen area with all utilities you need to prepare a nice breakfast, lunch or dinner.  The main area, with an authentic wooden floor, has a little sofa and dining table with 2 chairs. From all angles it is possible to watch any of the 200 (international) channels available.  There are 2 single b
29537		Great parisian apt in the center of historical Montorgueil area, walkable to Chatelet & Le Marais. 420 sqf. Separate mezzanine bedroom, large living room, separate kitchen, bathroom. Very bright and quiet. 6th floor with stairs only. Fully renovated.
29538	Following the rhythm of the dressmaking workshops’ activities, Sentier’ s life takes place in its little streets, but also in Caire passage, the longest and oldest in Paris. At the center of the neighborhood, this studio is bright and secluded. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an old building typical of Paris’ central areas, with no elevator. It overlooks a one-way street and stays peaceful thanks to the double glazing.  With its volume and beautify design, this studio looks like this: en entrance with a large closet, a living room with large windows (double glazed) overlooking the street, a 160 cm sofa bed, a dining table, an open-plan kitchen equipped with a fridge, a cooker range, a microwave, a dishwasher, a coffee maker, a toaster and an electric kettle. The bathroom is also spacious with a bath tub, the washing machine and the WC. The overall displays a contemporary design combining soft colors with vibrant ones. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and ex	Following the rhythm of the dressmaking workshops’ activities, Sentier’ s life takes place in its little streets, but also in Caire passage, the longest and oldest in Paris. At the center of the neighborhood, this studio is bright and secluded. The apartment is located on the 2nd floor of an old building typical of Paris’ central areas, with no elevator. It overlooks a one-way street and stays peaceful thanks to the double glazing.  With its volume and beautify design, this studio looks like this: en entrance with a large closet, a living room with large windows (double glazed) overlooking the street, a 160 cm sofa bed, a dining table, an open-plan kitchen equipped with a fridge, a cooker range, a microwave, a dishwasher, a coffee maker, a toaster and an electric kettle. The bathroom is also spacious with a bath tub, the washing machine and the WC. The overall displays a contemporary design combining soft colors with vibrant ones. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and ex
29539	Specification:  Mezzanine with double bed, bathroom with shower and sink, seperate toilet, kitchen with sink, cooking plate, microwave, grill and fridge. All kitchen equipment is available. Sheets and towels provided. Sofa (convertible into bed, to create 2 seperate beds).	Studio in the center of Paris, Quartier Montorgueil-Saint Denis. Sunny and calm, with high ceiling and a big window on a large courtyard. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons. Sofa, shower, toilet and equipped kitchen. surface: 11m2 + 4m2 mezzanine.  Specification:  Mezzanine with double bed, bathroom with shower and sink, seperate toilet, kitchen with sink, cooking plate, microwave, grill and fridge. All kitchen equipment is available. Sheets and towels provided. Sofa (convertible into bed, to create 2 seperate beds). Welcome at arrival, all basic information on the studio, the neighborhood and practical issues (transport, shopping etc.). Available for questions by phone.  The studio is situated in the middle of Quartier Montorgueil-Saint Denis, just next to Arts & Metier this location allows to enjoy the direct neighborhood (restaurants, bars, shops, markets, galleries and museums) and to visit all interesting places in Paris with minimal traveling. Very central location with direct access to:
29540		Paris, city center, entire appartment, everything is on a walking distance of 15 mins, Louvre, Opera, Notre Dame, River Seine, the garden of Tuileries. Supermarket, restaurant in the building, metro and bus stations infront.
29541	Ideally located in the real heart of Paris, in the lovely pedestrianized  and fashion neighborhood of Montorgueil. My appartement of 90M2 with its lovely terrace offers all the comfort you need : 3 nice bedrooms : 2 juniors beds and 1 queen size bed.Bathroom and kitchen entirely equipped with nespresso machine, micro wave, washing machine. Sunny and quiet Living (website hidden), dvd, wifi, music, ipod station. Nice building securised with a doorwoman. 5 th floor with elevator. At 10 mns by feet from the Louvre and Pompidou museum. All shops (supermarket, bakery, grocery, bars and a lot of restaurants at 2 mns. Cinema, swimming pool, shopping center at 5 mns. Ideally situaded to visit and discover Paris. 3 and 5 subways stations from Opera and St Germain des Près. All main lines of bus and subway at few minutes. ReR A direct for Disneyland ! Subway station Sentier, Les Halles, Etienne Marcel.	Ideally located in the real heart of Paris, in the lovely pedestrianized  and fashion neighborhood of Montorgueil. My appartement of 90M2 with its lovely terrace offers all the comfort you need : 3 nice bedrooms : 2 juniors beds and 1 queen size bed.Bathroom and kitchen entirely equipped with nespresso machine, micro wave, washing machine. Sunny and quiet Living (website hidden), dvd, wifi, music, ipod station. Nice building securised with a doorwoman. 5 th floor with elevator. At 10 mns by feet from the Louvre and Pompidou museum. All shops (supermarket, bakery, grocery, bars and a lot of restaurants at 2 mns. Cinema, swimming pool, shopping center at 5 mns. Ideally situaded to visit and discover Paris. 3 and 5 subways stations from Opera and St Germain des Près. All main lines of bus and subway at few minutes. ReR A direct for Disneyland ! Subway station Sentier, Les Halles, Etienne Marcel.
29542	2nd district: The flat is located on the 4th floor with windows overlooking the courtyard. There are an open kitchen (fridge, oven, hob, coffee machine, tea kettle, toaster)  and a bathroom. 1 bedroom (double bed).  	30 m2 flat, for 2 people, 4th floor, located in the heart of Paris , in a calm neighborhood ( 2nd district). Only a few minutes away from rue Montorgueil, rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis and Grands boulevards. 2nd district: The flat is located on the 4th floor with windows overlooking the courtyard. There are an open kitchen (fridge, oven, hob, coffee machine, tea kettle, toaster)  and a bathroom. 1 bedroom (double bed).  I'll be here to welcome you (and give you a few tips about the neighborhood). The neighborhood: -Montorgueil market (many bars and restaurants) -Rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis (many bars and restaurants) -Opéra Garnier -Musée Grévin -Centre Georges Pompidou (Museum of modern art) -Grand Rex (biggest european movie screen, VF only) -Rue Etienne Marcel and rue Montmartre (shopping) -Galeries Lafayette (mall) Subway & bus: -M3, 4, 8 and 9 Bed sheets, towels, shower gel and shampoo provided
29543	One of the few appartements on the Grands boulevards, no neighbors above nor below. You will get my room, so you'll share the place with my mother (Sylvie), and my brother (Diego). They both speak fluent english, spanish, and a little italian and swedish.	In the very center of Paris, come share our appartement and discover the wonderfull neighborhood of the Opéra Garnier. 5th floor with elevator, 1,20m bed (we can also easily put a second bed in the room), bathroom is adjoining but shared. Easy and convenient traffic connexions. One of the few appartements on the Grands boulevards, no neighbors above nor below. You will get my room, so you'll share the place with my mother (Sylvie), and my brother (Diego). They both speak fluent english, spanish, and a little italian and swedish. There is a shopping arcade on the ground floor, so our courtyard is private on evenings and weekends. Appartement on 5th floor, with elevator and air conditioning. We can help you with information about the neighborhood and the city, or with anything else you need. On the Grands Boulevards, we have everything next door: many restaurants, museums, theaters, cinemas and bars. Within walking distance : Grévin museum 2 min, Opéra Comique 2min, Bourse 3min, Opéra Ga
29544	Price per week: 899 euros/week  all utilities and agency fees included. PROFESSIONAL REAL ESTATE contract will be signed and fees are included included.  Our team selected this ideal for a couple apartment 63 sqm very large studio central Paris Facing the courtyard in one of the best area of Paris and perfectly located to sight see. 1st floor elevator, 2 guests Wooden floor and large windows. For those who'd like to cook in house, the kitchen is equipped oven / micro wave, dish washer, washing/drying machine, kettle, coffee maker fridge, freezer etc. The main room is very large Living part : couch, large flat screen TV (DTT channels) internet WIFI, HiFi System Sleeping part comfortable murphy bed (double bed size (140*190), and a desk. BATHROOM bathtub with shower handset, washbasin, mirror. restroom. vacuum, iron and iron table, hair dryer, linen and towels. And a comfortable Collective heat. Price per week: 899 euros all utilities and agency fees included. PROFESSIONAL REAL ESTATE	This studio is very large 63sqm so you have plenty of space to relax, to eat and to sleep.  Your apartment is VERY quiet, facing the courtard you'll be thrilled by the silence in this very busy area.  Of course fully equipped and with Wifi Price per week: 899 euros/week  all utilities and agency fees included. PROFESSIONAL REAL ESTATE contract will be signed and fees are included included.  Our team selected this ideal for a couple apartment 63 sqm very large studio central Paris Facing the courtyard in one of the best area of Paris and perfectly located to sight see. 1st floor elevator, 2 guests Wooden floor and large windows. For those who'd like to cook in house, the kitchen is equipped oven / micro wave, dish washer, washing/drying machine, kettle, coffee maker fridge, freezer etc. The main room is very large Living part : couch, large flat screen TV (DTT channels) internet WIFI, HiFi System Sleeping part comfortable murphy bed (double bed size (140*190), and a desk. BATHROOM batht
29545	The apartement is located rue Mandar, in the historical Village Montorgueil, and at a walking distance of Le Marais, l'Opéra Garnier, the Pompidou Center, and Louvre Museum.	Hi ! I'm happy to introduce you my apartement to you. It's fully equiped (real kitchen with a real fridge and all :) ), a large bed who can welcome easily 2 person, and a
29546	I suggest you rent my apartment of 30m2 located in the middle of Montorgueil. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. It consists of a living room (sofa bed for 1 adult or 2 children), a bedroom and a well equipped kitchen open to the living room. Bathroom and separate toilet complete this property. This is an old style apartment with hardwood floors. Wifi is available throughout the apartment. In the kitchen there is a coffee machine, an oven and a clothes washer / dryer for laundry. The lounge meanwhile offers LCD TV with DVD Blu-Ray and  turntable / Ipod station. The apartment is in the center of Paris, the starting point to visit this beautiful city. On foot you will have easy access to lines 1 and 4 and the Seine. Do not hesitate if you have any questions!	Apartment in the center of Paris, 100m from the Rue Montorgueil, a great location to explore Paris by foot I suggest you rent my apartment of 30m2 located in the middle of Montorgueil. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor with elevator. It consists of a living room (sofa bed for 1 adult or 2 children), a bedroom and a well equipped kitchen open to the living room. Bathroom and separate toilet complete this property. This is an old style apartment with hardwood floors. Wifi is available throughout the apartment. In the kitchen there is a coffee machine, an oven and a clothes washer / dryer for laundry. The lounge meanwhile offers LCD TV with DVD Blu-Ray and  turntable / Ipod station. The apartment is in the center of Paris, the starting point to visit this beautiful city. On foot you will have easy access to lines 1 and 4 and the Seine. Do not hesitate if you have any questions!
29547	The apartment is very quiet with one bedroom and a mezzanine in the living room, a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, parking… TV in the living room and the bedroom and free wifi. 	A luxurious and beautiful apartment totally renovated very close to the subway, perfect to visit Paris. The apartment is very quiet with one bedroom and a mezzanine in the living room, a fully equipped kitchen with nespresso machine, microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine, parking… TV in the living room and the bedroom and free wifi. Perfect starting point to visit Paris. From Charles de Gaulle airport the Roissy bus brings you for 10 euros directly to the opera garnier, which is near the apartment.
29548	Old style building, very quiet street, fully renovated  Duplex in the heart of Paris.  165sqm, 5bdr, 2bthr, 3wc and a basement. Our place is truly like a house all around the courtyard. It feels like owning your own building in (website hidden), wi-fi, washing/drying machine, fully equipped Kitchen. 	Large Duplex in the heart of Paris. (165  sqm - 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 3 wc and a basement.  A lot of space and intimacy ! Old style building, very quiet street, fully renovated  Duplex in the heart of Paris.  165sqm, 5bdr, 2bthr, 3wc and a basement. Our place is truly like a house all around the courtyard. It feels like owning your own building in (website hidden), wi-fi, washing/drying machine, fully equipped Kitchen.  Within walking distance from les Halles, Opéra, Grands magasins & Palais Royal. Everything is 10 minutes away max. Le sentier is hidden between Montorgueil & Grands boulevards, close to Metro 3, 8 et 9. Simple access to Vélib, Autolib and Taxis. Mail prefered
29549	This bright studio is decorated with light colors. It is perfectly equipped and functional. Moreover, this studio is close to the Halles. This is a quality accommodation in the heart of the French capital! It is an old building typical of central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 4th floor with no elevator and its windows are facing the street. This light and well laid out studio is composed with a 140 cm sofa bed, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower tub and WC, accessible from the entrance. With its old wooden floor, tidy decoration and 2 large windows, the studio will give you a peaceful stay. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those street which give the impression of something important is always happening…The numerous pathways and little streets animated by several shops give the neighborhood its appeal.	This bright studio is decorated with light colors. It is perfectly equipped and functional. Moreover, this studio is close to the Halles. This is a quality accommodation in the heart of the French capital! It is an old building typical of central districts of Paris. The apartment is located on the 4th floor with no elevator and its windows are facing the street. This light and well laid out studio is composed with a 140 cm sofa bed, an equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower tub and WC, accessible from the entrance. With its old wooden floor, tidy decoration and 2 large windows, the studio will give you a peaceful stay. There had always been a lot of hustle and bustle and excitement in those street which give the impression of something important is always happening…The numerous pathways and little streets animated by several shops give the neighborhood its appeal.
29550	Situé à 15 minutes de la cathédrale Notre Dame et 10 minutes du musée Georges Pompidou, ce studio indépendant est typiquement parisien au calme il est chaleureux et situé  sur la place d'Alexandrie. Au coeur de Paris, l'Appartement est proche de Beaubourg et de Hotel de Ville il dispose d'un coin salon, d'un canapé lit. La salle de bains est pourvue d'une douche. Un lave-linge est également mis à votre disposition. Vous pourrez préparer vos repas dans la cuisine équipée réfrigérateur, congélateur etc. Vous trouverez par ailleurs un éventail de bars, de cafés et de restaurants à moins de 5 minutes à pied. Situé dans le Sentier, célèbre pour ses boutiques, le studio se trouve à 15 minutes à pied du musée du Louvre. je vous invite à prendre contacte avec moi pour toutes questions. Metro: Sentier Strasbourg st Denis Bonne nouvelle Réaumur sébastopol 	Situé à 15 minutes de la cathédrale Notre Dame et 10 minutes du musée Georges Pompidou, ce studio indépendant est typiquement parisien au calme il est chaleureux et situé  sur la place d'Alexandrie. Au coeur de Paris, l'Appartement est proche de Beaubourg et de Hotel de Ville il dispose d'un coin salon, d'un canapé lit. La salle de bains est pourvue d'une douche. Un lave-linge est également mis à votre disposition. Vous pourrez préparer vos repas dans la cuisine équipée réfrigérateur, congélateur etc. Vous trouverez par ailleurs un éventail de bars, de cafés et de restaurants à moins de 5 minutes à pied. Situé dans le Sentier, célèbre pour ses boutiques, le studio se trouve à 15 minutes à pied du musée du Louvre. je vous invite à prendre contacte avec moi pour toutes questions. Metro: Sentier Strasbourg st Denis Bonne nouvelle Réaumur sébastopol  Metro: Sentier Strasbourg st Denis Bonne nouvelle Réaumur sébastopol  
29551	------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming flat on the 1st floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Montorgueil-quarter, the Marais quarter and the Sentier quarter. The cosy ambience is due to a ceiling with wooden.  The flat is in atypical quiet street.  The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- DVD player ---- High speed wireless and cable internet + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplates induction ---- fridge/freezer ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroom  ---- shower ---- toilets ---- washing machine ---- hair dryer + Sleeping area : ---- one king size sofa bed ---- storage cupboard  + Miscellaneous: ---- iron + Included in the flat : ---- Linens ---- Towels ---- Tea, coffee, salt, sugar are provided. => If you need something special, let me know before your coming 	Charming furnished flat in the center of Paris.  The apartment is in the 2nd district and so in the center of Paris near to major touristic areas. There are 3 subway stops near to the apartement and lots of bus stop to join all quarters. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Studio description ------------------------------------------------------------------ The apartment is a charming flat on the 1st floor without elevator in the heart of Paris between the Montorgueil-quarter, the Marais quarter and the Sentier quarter. The cosy ambience is due to a ceiling with wooden.  The flat is in atypical quiet street.  The studio is equipped with : + Living room : ---- LED TV ---- DVD player ---- High speed wireless and cable internet + Open equipped kitchen : ---- oven/microwave ---- hotplates induction ---- fridge/freezer ---- everything you will need for cooking + Bathroom  ---- shower ---- toilets ---- washing machine ---- hair dryer + Sleeping area : ---- one 
29552	Excellent location in the 2nd district of Paris, next to the famous and typical parisian street Rue Montorgueil. At the heart of Paris, you are in the ultimate district of Paris for visits and shopping. You are also very close to the most trendy district of Paris, Le Marais for shopping and bars. Not far as well from Les Galeries Lafayettes, Chatelet-les-halles.  By night, you will always find a nice restaurant and bars even on Sunday.  This nice appartment, renovated in 2012 and decorated in a contemporary style, is really comfortable, clean and cosy.    The living-room is completly separated from the bedroom. The bathroom is modern, clean and convenient, with a large shower.   LIVING ROOM  Sofa bed, TV, cable, wi-fi, hi-fi, 2 large windows, heating. KITCHEN Large fridge, freezer, microwave oven, kitchen equipment at your disposal. ROOM Comfortable double bed, heating, storage. BATHROOM Toilet, large shower with large shower head in Italian (very nice), towel warmer. Towels at your di	A cozy nest in the center of Paris! Comfort, cleanliness and light define this elegant & warm appartment. Great location in the heart of Paris, 1min walk from the typical parisian street of  Montorgueil. Many shops, boutiques and caterers.  Excellent location in the 2nd district of Paris, next to the famous and typical parisian street Rue Montorgueil. At the heart of Paris, you are in the ultimate district of Paris for visits and shopping. You are also very close to the most trendy district of Paris, Le Marais for shopping and bars. Not far as well from Les Galeries Lafayettes, Chatelet-les-halles.  By night, you will always find a nice restaurant and bars even on Sunday.  This nice appartment, renovated in 2012 and decorated in a contemporary style, is really comfortable, clean and cosy.    The living-room is completly separated from the bedroom. The bathroom is modern, clean and convenient, with a large shower.   LIVING ROOM  Sofa bed, TV, cable, wi-fi, hi-fi, 2 large windows, heatin
29553	Typical parisian building, exposed beams and wooden floor, functionnal kitchen with coffee machine Nespresso, microwave, kettle, electric cooktop, toaster, bathroom with hairdryer, towels, toilets, shower	Apartment at the 2nd floor (24m², 260 sq.ft) near the Louvre, Opera, le Marais, Haussman stores,... with timber floor, one sofa bed for two guests, an equipped kitchen (Nespresso, microwave, kettle) and a bathroom (shower, hairdryer, toilets, towels) Typical parisian building, exposed beams and wooden floor, functionnal kitchen with coffee machine Nespresso, microwave, kettle, electric cooktop, toaster, bathroom with hairdryer, towels, toilets, shower Guest have access to the entire apartment I welcome you at your arrival to give you the key, some recommandations and answer all your questions. If you have any problem during your stay, I can be here in less than 20 minutes Montorgueil is a pedestrianised district full of food stores and café. Two minutes by foot from Metro Line 3 & 4
29554	Lors de nos absences, nous vous proposons notre appartement avec une chambre de 14 m2 avec un lit double, donnant sur cour, un grand séjour de 17 m2 donnant sur rue (très calme) et disposant d'un canapé convertible 2 places, 1 chambre de 18m2 avec 2 lits simples, 1 salle de bain, des WC séparés et une grande cuisine équipée. L'appartement se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Toutes les commodités possibles et imaginables dans le quartier Montorgueil (bars, vie nocturne, supermarchés, épiceries, marché le jeudi et le dimanche), situé dans une rue très calme et notamment rendue piétonne le dimanche.	"En plein coeur de Paris, dans le Sentier, à 4 minutes à pied de la rue Montorgueil... Dans un bel immeuble bien entretenu, à 2 pas des lignes de métro 3 et 4, spacieux et lumineux, soyez ""comme à la maison"" dans notre appartement ! Lors de nos absences, nous vous proposons notre appartement avec une chambre de 14 m2 avec un lit double, donnant sur cour, un grand séjour de 17 m2 donnant sur rue (très calme) et disposant d'un canapé convertible 2 places, 1 chambre de 18m2 avec 2 lits simples, 1 salle de bain, des WC séparés et une grande cuisine équipée. L'appartement se situe au 4ème étage avec ascenseur. Toutes les commodités possibles et imaginables dans le quartier Montorgueil (bars, vie nocturne, supermarchés, épiceries, marché le jeudi et le dimanche), situé dans une rue très calme et notamment rendue piétonne le dimanche. L'appartement fait en tout 96m2 et vous aurez accès à 80m2. Le canapé du séjour est très grand et très confortable comme couchage. La cuisine est équipée, la sal"
29555	The flat is comfy and practical. Very calm, so nice to rest while visiting Paris! My wish is that my guests feel fine; so feel free to ask any demand.	After having enjoyed Airbnb as a traveler, now it's time for me to offer my flat! Located in the lively and central Montorgueil neighborhood, my place is like a charming cocoon, perfect to enjoy Paris as Parisians do! The flat is comfy and practical. Very calm, so nice to rest while visiting Paris! My wish is that my guests feel fine; so feel free to ask any demand. Access to all apartments appliances (oven, fridge, tv, washing machine etc.). Nespresso and nice teas available for breakfast ;-) Interaction via email, then phone (whatsapp, sms, call), as you wish ;-) Montorgueil is a lively neighborhood right in the center of Paris, with a lot of terraces, restaurants, wine bars, cafés, and discotheques. Parisians come in the neighborhood to relax, enjoy good drinks and fine food. You will also be able to shop nearby with a lot of trendy boutiques, and designers. You can also relax in parks nearby (Palais Royal, Châtelet). A lot of Paris's main attractions are 10 minutes or less walk awa
29556	A typical parisian nest  32 square meters in the very center of the city of lights, two steps from the famous Rue de Montorgueil.  A cosy and luminous apartment, parquet floor, very comfortable double bed, bathroom with a tub (can be used as a shower), toilet, washing-machine, kitchen with fridge, oven, hot plates and a dish-washer, storage units. Near any sort of shops and transportation ( 30 seconds from bus, subway and velib (bikes) stations ).  Walking distance from Le Marais, Notre-Dame, Île Saint-Louis, Opéra Garnier, Grands Boulevars, Saint-Germain ( 5 minutes by subway ).  Two minutes walk from the movie theater UGC Les Halles and from a large selection of bistrots, and restaurants. Ten minutes subway ride to the Louvre Museum and the Jardin des Tuileries.  Wifi Internet is at your disposal during your stay.	A typical parisian nest  32 square meters in the very center of the city of lights, two steps from the famous Rue de Montorgueil.  A cosy and luminous apartment, parquet floor, very comfortable double bed, bathroom with a tub (can be used as a shower), toilet, washing-machine, kitchen with fridge, oven, hot plates and a dish-washer, storage units. Near any sort of shops and transportation ( 30 seconds from bus, subway and velib (bikes) stations ).  Walking distance from Le Marais, Notre-Dame, Île Saint-Louis, Opéra Garnier, Grands Boulevars, Saint-Germain ( 5 minutes by subway ).  Two minutes walk from the movie theater UGC Les Halles and from a large selection of bistrots, and restaurants. Ten minutes subway ride to the Louvre Museum and the Jardin des Tuileries.  Wifi Internet is at your disposal during your stay. -Dishwasher -Washing machine -Oven  -Hot plates -Fresh sheets and towels -Storage units -Wifi connexion I remain available before your arrival and during your stay for any 
29557	Décoration par architecte.  Calme absolu au cœur d'un quartier vivant et de toutes commodités. 	"Au calme sur cour, le studio est au cœur du quartier vivant de la rue Montmartre et à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil.  Tout équipé et décoré par un architecte parisien.  Grand lit deux places , coin salon, coin repas, cuisine équipée et salle de douche. 2 grandes fenêtres. Coffre fort. Internet Wifi.  1er étage sans ascenseur. Décoration par architecte.  Calme absolu au cœur d'un quartier vivant et de toutes commodités. L'appartement est à quelques minutes à pied de la station Les Halles (RER B ou D). Le métro le plus proche est la ligne 3 - station Bourse ou Sentier.  A moins de 10 minutes les lignes 9, 8, 4, 11, 7, ... J'habite à 15 minutes à pied de l'appartement, je me tiens disponible pour répondre à vos questions et vous apporter mon aide. Quartier branché parisien ""Montorgueil"" :  boutiques, bars, restaurants, galeries, .. A deux pas de la place de la Bourse - à 5 minutes de la place de l'Opéra Ligne 3 métro Bourse ou Sentier Metro : 4, 7, 8, 9, 11, ... RER A, B, D"
29558	"My name is Fleur, I rent fot short time stay my place!  It's a very authentic Parisian apartment, with beams, high ceiling height - 38m² - a mezzanine bedroom - a tiny children room- 1 bathroom - 1 large living room - 1 fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, combination oven - microwave - fridge - cooker inductions ...) Tastefully decorated.  Located in the heart of Paris at the beginning of the pedestrian district of Paris ""Montorgueil area"", one street to cross from le Marais - Les Halles - Beaubourg are 5mn by walking.  Very quiet and close to all amenities - the metro and RER - This is the perfect place for a stay in both romantic and festive vacations (near restaurants, bars, night clubs, cool shops ...) It's THE place to be when you come in Paris!!!!  Don't hesitate to contact me for more informations!  I have a little cat Lyly, to take care of, really cool!!!  "	"It's a very authentic Parisian apartment, with beams and  high ceiling height, a charming  mezzanine bedroom, a tiny child room.  In the very center of Paris, at Montorgueil, the pedestrian area of Paris!  My name is Fleur, I rent fot short time stay my place!  It's a very authentic Parisian apartment, with beams, high ceiling height - 38m² - a mezzanine bedroom - a tiny children room- 1 bathroom - 1 large living room - 1 fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, washing machine, combination oven - microwave - fridge - cooker inductions ...) Tastefully decorated.  Located in the heart of Paris at the beginning of the pedestrian district of Paris ""Montorgueil area"", one street to cross from le Marais - Les Halles - Beaubourg are 5mn by walking.  Very quiet and close to all amenities - the metro and RER - This is the perfect place for a stay in both romantic and festive vacations (near restaurants, bars, night clubs, cool shops ...) It's THE place to be when you come in Paris!!!!  Don't hesita"
29559	Cosy apartment, ideal for a couple. Exposed wooden floors and beams, located in the Montorgueil district. The apartment is in a pedestrian street, very quiet.	Charming apartment in a beautiful Parisian building. In the area of Montorgueil, the heart of Paris. The apartment includes a large living room, with a fully equiped kitchen, a bar, a large table (6/7). A cozy bedroom, a nice bathroom, separate WC. Cosy apartment, ideal for a couple. Exposed wooden floors and beams, located in the Montorgueil district. The apartment is in a pedestrian street, very quiet. The area is pedestrian, but accessible by car or taxi. The transport links are within a minute walk. I will give a home guide with all the informations you need about the apartment (equipments, Wifi, informations about the neighborhood,...) You can call anytime during your stay, I'll be happy to help you The area of Montorgueil is one of the most charming places in Paris.  Lots af pedestrian streets, cafés, restaurants and bars. Really close from Chatelet and le Louvre. You will be living in a lovely street, full a great typical parisian stores and restaurants. Great food Market everyd
29560	This lovely studio has a refined decoration. Its warm atmosphere is highlighted by the warm colors used in the decoration. Perfectly equipped and arranged, it is functional. It is located in the Madeleine neighborhood. The apartment is located on the fourth floor of a relatively new building with an elevator. The flat faces a one-way street. It is on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. Tastefully decorated with a contemporary style, this studio is characterized by its design. It opens onto the open plan kitchen with a bar and its bar stools. It is equipped with an oven, a microwave, hot plates and a fridge. The living room part consists of a sofa bed, a console table and closets. The bathroom has a large shower tub, a washstand, WV as well as a washing machine. In the heart of the grands boulevards, the lively district of Bonne Nouvelle offers small boutiques, cafés, restaurants, theatres and concert halls, as well as a market reminiscent of Paris as we often imagine it	This lovely studio has a refined decoration. Its warm atmosphere is highlighted by the warm colors used in the decoration. Perfectly equipped and arranged, it is functional. It is located in the Madeleine neighborhood. The apartment is located on the fourth floor of a relatively new building with an elevator. The flat faces a one-way street. It is on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. Tastefully decorated with a contemporary style, this studio is characterized by its design. It opens onto the open plan kitchen with a bar and its bar stools. It is equipped with an oven, a microwave, hot plates and a fridge. The living room part consists of a sofa bed, a console table and closets. The bathroom has a large shower tub, a washstand, WV as well as a washing machine. In the heart of the grands boulevards, the lively district of Bonne Nouvelle offers small boutiques, cafés, restaurants, theatres and concert halls, as well as a market reminiscent of Paris as we often imagine it
29561	This apartment is located on the 1st floor with no elevator.  The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs, a flat screen TV and a low table. It is very bright thanks to its large windows. A second 160 cm convertible sofa is at your disposal in the apartment as well as a bedroom which offers a 160 cm double bed. The American kitchen is fully-equipped and offers a dining table with 4 stools. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and storage areas. The toilets are separate.	You will be charmed by the lively and original decoration of this apartment. Well-equipped, it provides all the necessary comfort. It has an ideal location: Les Halles are the heart of Paris. This apartment is located on the 1st floor with no elevator.  The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs, a flat screen TV and a low table. It is very bright thanks to its large windows. A second 160 cm convertible sofa is at your disposal in the apartment as well as a bedroom which offers a 160 cm double bed. The American kitchen is fully-equipped and offers a dining table with 4 stools. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and storage areas. The toilets are separate. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In th
29562	English : This Charming Parisian apartment Is very central. Once You live There You will enjoy walking to «  Le Louvre «, 10 minutes, to Musée d’Orsay, 30 minutes following the river Seine, l’Opéra, direct bus 29 or idling through Place des Victoires, rue des Petits Champs, discovering Passage Choiseul,  Musée Picasso direct 29 bus. Bus 67 to Pigalle/Montmartre…… everything will be easy for you. Line 3 to Père Lachaise, Line 1 to Les Champs Elysées, Grand Palais.. Centre Pompidou is only a 10 minutes walk… Notre Dame is a 35 minutes walk through Le Marais or following the river with «  Les Boutiquiers «  You will like this enjoyable pedestrian area of Paris, 3 food markets : Montorgueil everyday except monday, Montmartre, thursdays and sundays, La Bourse, on sundays. Different fashion shops : Yoji Yamamoto, Kenzo, Vintage clothes next door, and a LOT of Bars, Cafés, Restaurants, Brasseries with special French wine/food. You will appreciate the variety of proposals considering what You 	Grand appartement calme idéalement situé au coeur de Paris à proximité de nombreux commerces et restaurants. A 7 minutes des grands musées (Louvre, Centre Pompidou...), confortable et chaleureux. English : This Charming Parisian apartment Is very central. Once You live There You will enjoy walking to «  Le Louvre «, 10 minutes, to Musée d’Orsay, 30 minutes following the river Seine, l’Opéra, direct bus 29 or idling through Place des Victoires, rue des Petits Champs, discovering Passage Choiseul,  Musée Picasso direct 29 bus. Bus 67 to Pigalle/Montmartre…… everything will be easy for you. Line 3 to Père Lachaise, Line 1 to Les Champs Elysées, Grand Palais.. Centre Pompidou is only a 10 minutes walk… Notre Dame is a 35 minutes walk through Le Marais or following the river with «  Les Boutiquiers «  You will like this enjoyable pedestrian area of Paris, 3 food markets : Montorgueil everyday except monday, Montmartre, thursdays and sundays, La Bourse, on sundays. Different fashion shops : 
29563	Apartment of 56m2 on the 4th floor with elevator, airy and spacious, the real fully-equipped kitchen, the bathroom with bathtub, independent room with excellent and new bedding, big lounge(show) with sofa bed (having a mattress).  Wi-Fi, TV, washing machine.  	Apartment of 56m2 on the 4th floor with elevator, airy and spacious, the real fully-equipped kitchen, the bathroom with bathtub, independent room with excellent and new bedding, big lounge(show) with sofa bed (having a mattress).  Wi-Fi, TV, washing machine.  Warm, comfortable apartment, exposed beams, rooms(parts,plays) opened except the bedroom, with an excellent quite new bedding. Bathtub. Hairdryer.  Supplied linen All the comfort to have a pleasant stay right in the heart of Paris, in the pedestrian district Montorgueil. A bedroom with 1 double bed of (160x220) a sofa bed (140x200) in the lounge for a 3rd person. Everything or almost is accessible by feet from my home: Supermarket in 2min,  Shopping street, walked(worked) fruits vegetables everyday life(daily paper) in 5 min Restaurants nice and livened up(led) in 5 min  Subway Reaumur-Sébastopol in 2 min RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK)  Les Halles in 10 min Beaubourg in 10 min Palais-Royal in 15 min Notre-Dame in 15 min The Louvre 
29564	Renovated and ultra-modern , with the Parisians roofs, this seal housing is very nice and friendly . It will allow you to relax in a completely quiet and very bright surroundings. The accommodation comprises a bedroom, a fully equipped lounge, ultra functional kitchen, a designer bathroom , separate toilet and a small balcony . Please note , the apartment is on the top floor with no lift ( historic building )	Located in the Sentier district , in central Paris , near the covered market and close to the famous Rue Montorgueil , the apartment is ideal for the tourism industry as well as professional in an area served perfectly . Renovated and ultra-modern , with the Parisians roofs, this seal housing is very nice and friendly . It will allow you to relax in a completely quiet and very bright surroundings. The accommodation comprises a bedroom, a fully equipped lounge, ultra functional kitchen, a designer bathroom , separate toilet and a small balcony . Please note , the apartment is on the top floor with no lift ( historic building ) Travelers will have access in the living room : TV with international channels , HIFI Airplay , turntable , Internet ... In the kitchen: all necessary kitchen equipment,  everything you need for cooking ( condiments , pasta, rice , coffee , jam ... ) In the bathroom : towels , complimentary shower ... In the room: wardrobe / shelf, iron, hair dryer .. I am availab
29565	**more photos coming up soon** Hi, This is our home, where we live with our baby (18m-old). Please check the calendar, as we'll be hosting only when on vacation. Our flat is formely a fabric workshop, fully renovated a few years ago, resulting in a very bright, spacious, modern loft, designed by an architect. Equipement details: 1 double bed, 2 double sofa beds, 1 baby bed = 6 adults + 1 baby  Ideal for 2couples (with 1baby) Fully equiped open kitchen Large, bright living room Parental bedroom opened on desk & living room (accessible w/ stairs) Baby room Bathroom with tub and italian shower 2 toilets The flat comes without... or with a cat! Yes, we do own a cat. But there's absolutely no obligation for you to keep her!! If you do choose to let her stay in, you'll be asked to kindly feed & pet her. Please feel free to ask any question about us or the flat!	Modern Loft, quiet and spacious, very close to public transport (20meters subway lines 4, 8, 9 and RER-trains A,B,C,D 3 stations away) Baby room fully functionnal! Famous neighborhoods 10min on foot: Chatelet, Les Halles, Le Marais, Montorgueil **more photos coming up soon** Hi, This is our home, where we live with our baby (18m-old). Please check the calendar, as we'll be hosting only when on vacation. Our flat is formely a fabric workshop, fully renovated a few years ago, resulting in a very bright, spacious, modern loft, designed by an architect. Equipement details: 1 double bed, 2 double sofa beds, 1 baby bed = 6 adults + 1 baby  Ideal for 2couples (with 1baby) Fully equiped open kitchen Large, bright living room Parental bedroom opened on desk & living room (accessible w/ stairs) Baby room Bathroom with tub and italian shower 2 toilets The flat comes without... or with a cat! Yes, we do own a cat. But there's absolutely no obligation for you to keep her!! If you do choose to let h
29566	The Rayz Bar Suite is 42 square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar behind mirrors doors.	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 43square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The Rayz Bar Suite is 42 square meters. Very spacious lounge areas and bedroom are complemented by bathrooms where white ceramic floors meets the silver ceilings. You will enjoy of a cocktail bar behind mirrors doors. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER B line in the direction of Saint-Rémy-Lès-Chevreuse, change at Châtelet-Les Halles station for the RER A line in the direction of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, alight at Auber station (or alternatively change at Châtelet-Les Halles for the Paris Métro and t
29567	The apartment is in full district Montorgueil, one of the most famous and typical of Paris, while benefiting from an absolute quietness.	2 Rooms 34 sqm, very quiet and in the center of Paris. 5 sleepings. Metro RER Chatelet Les Halles, Famous Montorgueil District, pedestrian streets on foot to Le Louvre,Centre Pompidou, Museums,Le Marais,Notre Dame; typical shops, restaurants, cafés The apartment is in full district Montorgueil, one of the most famous and typical of Paris, while benefiting from an absolute quietness. 2 rooms including a bedroom, a living-room, a shower-room, a fully fitted kitchen and separate toilets. Welcome of the travelers by the owner (live near the apartment) The district is very alive, very livened up with many restaurants, cafés and small shops (bakery, fishmonger's shop, cheese dairy, pharmacy, etc.) Centre Pompidou, Opera, Les Halles,Le Louvre, Le Marais, Notre Dame, City Hall, Rivoli street,Carnavalet museum, Picasso museum, Museum of arts and crafts, etc. ...... Very easy access, 5 minutes on foot of the RER(REGIONAL EXPRESS NETWORK) CHÂTELET LES HALLES and the Metro station Châtelet, 2 minu
29568	The apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) in a modern Parisian building with a view on a peaceful and private courtyard. Its double glazed windows make it very quiet and well insulated. The apartment features modern furnishing from microwave, electronic kettle &toast to juice and even bread machine. You will also enjoy a huge flat screen tv and unlimited wifi internet. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. It has a fold-out couch to sleep two people. It is located in Le marais, an eclectic neighborhood with a lot of commodities nearby (several supermarkets, tons of restaurants and bars at less than 2 min walk). Le Marais is the safest district within Paris, you will find nearby the famous Beaubourg center, Place des Vosges, the town hall, Ile Saint Louis, Notre dame Cathedral and a lot of shops next to Rivoli avenue. As a plus, the all Marais is only for pedestrians and bicycles on sundays. Eventually, it is very well	30 square meter quiet modern flat, perfect for a couple, friends or professionals located in Paris IV- Le Marais, probably one of the most authentic neighborhood at the very heart of Paris. You'll find a brand new apartment, with everything you need to have an enjoyable stay.  The apartment is on the 5th floor (with elevator) in a modern Parisian building with a view on a peaceful and private courtyard. Its double glazed windows make it very quiet and well insulated. The apartment features modern furnishing from microwave, electronic kettle &toast to juice and even bread machine. You will also enjoy a huge flat screen tv and unlimited wifi internet. The Apartment is cleaned, sheets are diligently changed after every guest and towels are supplied. It has a fold-out couch to sleep two people. It is located in Le marais, an eclectic neighborhood with a lot of commodities nearby (several supermarkets, tons of restaurants and bars at less than 2 min walk). Le Marais is the safest district w
29569	Charming, cozy flat in a typical apartment building dating back to the 18th century,   AMENITIES:  Separate kitchen with dishwasher, living room, bedroom and balcony. All amenities including dishwasher, washing machine and closet. All linens, pillows, dishes etc are available for you to use.  Ideal for a couple or small group of friends (sleeps 2-3 comfortably). Note the flat is on the 5th floor, no lift.  Smoking is permitted outside on the Balcony. No smoking inside.	"Charming, cozy flat in a typical apartment building dating back to the 18th century.  Centrally located, walking distance from the Louvre, Tuileries gardens, famous Opera House and the ""Grands Magasins"" Charming, cozy flat in a typical apartment building dating back to the 18th century,   AMENITIES:  Separate kitchen with dishwasher, living room, bedroom and balcony. All amenities including dishwasher, washing machine and closet. All linens, pillows, dishes etc are available for you to use.  Ideal for a couple or small group of friends (sleeps 2-3 comfortably). Note the flat is on the 5th floor, no lift.  Smoking is permitted outside on the Balcony. No smoking inside. As much as they need - I usually meet guests with the keys and leave them to enjoy their stay :) Centrally located, walking distance from the Louvre, Tuileries gardens, famous Opera House and the ""Grands Magasins"" (Galeries Lafayette & Printemps department stores)!  From this convenient location all major attractions are "
29570	This beautiful and renewed 65 sqm apartment, loft spirit, is tastefully decorated with vintage furnitures, Eames chairs and other designers. The historic 18th century building is a magnificent Hotel Particulier with security-controlled access - the flat is located in the modern and recent part of the building, on the 2rd floor ( only 3 floors building) , with a lift. One master bedroom, very spacious, queen size bed , bathroom with white parisian tiles and a comfortable sofa for 2 people in the living room. One separate toilet , a dressing and a laundry. Automatic heating, regulated. Internet WiFi.  An open kitchen all equipped with dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, boiler and everything you need to cook	This loft has just been renewed, very bright, quiet and well equipped. It is a a perfect location in the heart of Paris, in famous Montorgueil area with restaurants, bars, shops around. Only 3 min from the metro, few steps from the Marais and Louvre This beautiful and renewed 65 sqm apartment, loft spirit, is tastefully decorated with vintage furnitures, Eames chairs and other designers. The historic 18th century building is a magnificent Hotel Particulier with security-controlled access - the flat is located in the modern and recent part of the building, on the 2rd floor ( only 3 floors building) , with a lift. One master bedroom, very spacious, queen size bed , bathroom with white parisian tiles and a comfortable sofa for 2 people in the living room. One separate toilet , a dressing and a laundry. Automatic heating, regulated. Internet WiFi.  An open kitchen all equipped with dishwasher, oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, toaster, boiler and everything you need to cook You wi
29571	Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dans cet appartement plein de charme, chaleureux et confortable.  Il y a une pièce principale où vous pourrez dîner dans une atmosphère agréable. Vous vous sentirez dans un véritable nid une fois montés dans la grande mezzanine Vous trouverez une salle de bain avec une charmante petite baignoire et une cuisine suffisamment équipée pour vous concocter de bons petits plats. Vous vous réveillerez en plein quartier de Montorgueil avec ses petits commerces, ses cafés et ses restaurants. Appartement équipé : plaques de cuissons, four, frigo, wifi, enceintes avec sortie ipod. Idéalement placés, vous serez à 10 minutes à pieds de : Place de l’Opéra, le Louvre, le quartier du Marais, Châtelet les Halles, la Place de la République.  Situation idéale également pour se déplacer dans les quartiers plus lointains de Paris (lignes de Metro 3, 8 et 9).	Comfortable 32sqm2 studio, ideal for a romantic stay. Pefectly located in the heart of the posh Montorgeuil district, the flat is in a quiet and charming street. Vous vous sentirez comme chez vous dans cet appartement plein de charme, chaleureux et confortable.  Il y a une pièce principale où vous pourrez dîner dans une atmosphère agréable. Vous vous sentirez dans un véritable nid une fois montés dans la grande mezzanine Vous trouverez une salle de bain avec une charmante petite baignoire et une cuisine suffisamment équipée pour vous concocter de bons petits plats. Vous vous réveillerez en plein quartier de Montorgueil avec ses petits commerces, ses cafés et ses restaurants. Appartement équipé : plaques de cuissons, four, frigo, wifi, enceintes avec sortie ipod. Idéalement placés, vous serez à 10 minutes à pieds de : Place de l’Opéra, le Louvre, le quartier du Marais, Châtelet les Halles, la Place de la République.  Situation idéale également pour se déplacer dans les quartiers plus lo
29572	This charming apartment of 35 sqm is located in the center of Paris, in the famous district of Montorgueil, 1st floor of a 18th century building with no elevator. This apartment for two people is equipped with: washer, wired, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 18th century building without elevator is equipped with an entry code and intercom. The apartment consists of an entrance, a bedroom with a double bed (1.40m) and a bathroom with a washing machine. The living room of 15 m² has a large window door that opens onto a private terrace where it is nice to relax after a day of sightseeing. The open kitchen has a fridge, freezer, ceramic hob, an extractor hood, oven, microwave oven, coffee maker, kettle, a toaster, all cooking utensils and tiled floors. If you want to experience an authentic and colorful Paris, do not miss the Montorgueil district. Just five minutes from 	This charming apartment of 35 sqm is located in the center of Paris, 2 steps from rue Montorgueil, on the 1st floor of a 18th century building with no elevator. It can accommodate 2 people. The 18th century building is equipped with an entry code. This charming apartment of 35 sqm is located in the center of Paris, in the famous district of Montorgueil, 1st floor of a 18th century building with no elevator. This apartment for two people is equipped with: washer, wired, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi. This apartment is also equipped with sheets, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils. The 18th century building without elevator is equipped with an entry code and intercom. The apartment consists of an entrance, a bedroom with a double bed (1.40m) and a bathroom with a washing machine. The living room of 15 m² has a large window door that opens onto a private terrace where it is nice to relax after a day of sightseeing. The open kitchen has a fridge, freezer
29573	Hello, My studio is located in the Montorgeuil pedestrian neighborhood at the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. The walking distance to the Louvre museum is 10 min. so we're at the very center of Paris where the day and the night life is very animated. The studio is very close to the main attractions, you can reach everywhere by walking or cyclling.  Seine River side is only 10 min., Opéra 10min., Hotel de Ville 15 min., Notre Dame De Paris 20min. away by walking distance.  In order to go to Champs Elysées, you just take the metro at the Louvre-Rivoli (M1) station and 4 stops later, you're there. You can also reach Champs Elysées by walking in 20-25min. Eiffel Tower is situated at the south of Champs Elysées, so once you get in Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower is very close... As the center of Paris is, in fact, very small, you can reach all the main attractions by walking...if you have enough time. If not, you can also rent a bike at the side street of the studio, there's a bike station. First	Hello, My studio is located in the Montorgeuil pedestrian neighborhood at the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. The walking distance to the Louvre museum is 10 min. so we're at the very center of Paris where the day and the night life is very animated. The studio is very close to the main attractions, you can reach everywhere by walking or cyclling.  Seine River side is only 10 min., Opéra 10min., Hotel de Ville 15 min., Notre Dame De Paris 20min. away by walking distance.  In order to go to Champs Elysées, you just take the metro at the Louvre-Rivoli (M1) station and 4 stops later, you're there. You can also reach Champs Elysées by walking in 20-25min. Eiffel Tower is situated at the south of Champs Elysées, so once you get in Champs Elysées, Eiffel Tower is very close... As the center of Paris is, in fact, very small, you can reach all the main attractions by walking...if you have enough time. If not, you can also rent a bike at the side street of the studio, there's a bike station. First
29574	Cet appartement est vraiment très calme ce qui est rare dans ce quartier ! 	Cet appartement est vraiment très calme ce qui est rare dans ce quartier !  Vous aurez accès à out le logement (cuisine, salon-chambre, salle de bain privative) Quartier très animé, près du grand Rex, du sentier  et des Grands boulevards ! 
29575	Résidence entièrement rénovée, appartement neuf qui conserve tout le charme de l'ancien: poutres apparentes et pierre brute! 	Ce beau 2-pièces neuf de 45m2 aux pierres et poutres apparentes au style scandinave: design, simple et chaleureux est idéalement situé en plein centre de Paris dans le quartier typique et piéton de Montorgueil-Sentier, rue Saint Denis. Parfait pour profiter de vie Parisienne. 4ème étage ensoleillé avec vue sur les toits de Paris dans une résidence récemment rénovée avec gout, avec ascenseur et local vélo. Très beau standing. Résidence entièrement rénovée, appartement neuf qui conserve tout le charme de l'ancien: poutres apparentes et pierre brute!  L'appartement entier est accessible et tout est utisable Je serai heureuse de pouvoir échanger tous mes bons plans sur le quartier: bar et café accueillant, boutiques sympas, expos, soirées...  Les rues piétonnes, les commerces traditionnels, les petites boutiques, les balades à pied dans Paris: Opéra, Louvre, Palais Royal, Saint Germain, Le marais.... Tous ces endroits se trouvent à 20min à pied!  Aéroports 30min en RER B, station Châtelet 
29576	Our flat is located on the 3rd floor with elevator, of an old parisian building. I live there with my 4 year old daughter. The 65 m² appartment has a living room, a kitchen and two bedrooms of which one will be yours for your stay.  Your bedroom is large (about 16 m²) overlooking a nice pedestrian street with nice restaurants and has a medieval half timbered ceiling, a comfy bed with fresh linen, towels are provided.  Weekend evenings can be lively but windows closed you can hardly hear the rather pleasant noise of people dining and clinking glasses.  There is one bathroom that we would share and one toilet separated with two doors: one to the bathroom and one to your bedroom. 	Lovely private bedroom in our arty flat in the heart of the stylish and very parisian neigbourhood Montorgueil, located in the very center of Paris, in walking distance of Beaubourg, Louvre, Opera, Notre Dame..
29577	Large apartment for 2 couples and a child, fully equipped with all modern amenities (microwave , oven , washing machine dishwasher, washing machine machine, dryer ... ) on the 3rd floor without lift The apartment has 2 bedrooms with each a double bed. There is also a single mattress suitable for a child if needed ( up to 160 cm). It is just a mattress that I can put on the floor, it's not really a bed. All modern comforts : TV, internet , kitchen, washer dryer ...	Beautiful apartment, typic parisian, high molded ceilings - Modern oak flooring - Full center of Paris ( LOUVRE - TUILERIES - GRANDS BOULEVARDS - LOCATIONS - OLYMPIA , etc. VERY COMFORTABLE - COMPLETE EQUIPMENT 3rd floor Large apartment for 2 couples and a child, fully equipped with all modern amenities (microwave , oven , washing machine dishwasher, washing machine machine, dryer ... ) on the 3rd floor without lift The apartment has 2 bedrooms with each a double bed. There is also a single mattress suitable for a child if needed ( up to 160 cm). It is just a mattress that I can put on the floor, it's not really a bed. All modern comforts : TV, internet , kitchen, washer dryer ... Everything they need to have a nice time : TV, internet, washing-machine, dryer, oven, microwave.. I remain available before and during the  to answer all your questions it's close from nice places : Opéra (5 minutes by feet), le Louvre (10 minutes by feet), Châtelet (Paris very city center), Grands Boulevard
29578	Ideally situated in the very heart of Paris, on the Rue Montorgueil, a pedestrianized street, There are a thousand and one delights to be discovered nearby, including the Musée du Louvre, the Centre Georges-Pompidou, the Latin Quarter, the banks of the Seine, the Cathedral of Notre Dame, the Opéra Garnier and the major department stores... delights on our doorstep! We invite you to explore the secrets of this charming district that is so full of cultural attractions, history and entertainment. Metro : Etienne Marcel (line 4) Sentier (line 3) Châtelet, Rue Turbigo exit (lines (phone number hidden)) RER : Châtelet-Les Halles (lines A, B, D) Bus: Etienne Marcel-Montmartre (line 29) Louvre-Etienne Marcel (lines (phone number hidden)) Réaumur-Sébastopol (lines 20, 39) Châtelet (lines (phone number hidden)) In a classified building, our apartment is very centrally located in the “Rue Saint Sauveur”, the 2nd arrondissement Paris and few steps from “Chatelet Les Halles” of Paris and next to th	Ideally situated in the very heart of Paris, next to Rue Montorgueil, a pedestrianized street, There are a thousand and one delights to be discovered nearby, including the Musée du Louvre, Pompidou museum.  Ideally situated in the very heart of Paris, on the Rue Montorgueil, a pedestrianized street, There are a thousand and one delights to be discovered nearby, including the Musée du Louvre, the Centre Georges-Pompidou, the Latin Quarter, the banks of the Seine, the Cathedral of Notre Dame, the Opéra Garnier and the major department stores... delights on our doorstep! We invite you to explore the secrets of this charming district that is so full of cultural attractions, history and entertainment. Metro : Etienne Marcel (line 4) Sentier (line 3) Châtelet, Rue Turbigo exit (lines (phone number hidden)) RER : Châtelet-Les Halles (lines A, B, D) Bus: Etienne Marcel-Montmartre (line 29) Louvre-Etienne Marcel (lines (phone number hidden)) Réaumur-Sébastopol (lines 20, 39) Châtelet (lines (ph
29579	Very nice apartment of 75m2 (2 rooms), Place des Victoires in the heart of Paris, in the charming and lively Montorgueil. 2 steps from the Louvre Museum and the Opera. Immediately adjacent to the garden of the Royal Palace, the Galerie Vivienne ... Bourgeois apartment (ceiling height, flooring, moldings, and 2 fireplaces), calm, warm and very bright (unobstructed view on Banque de France). A decoration who mixes designer pieces and souvenirs unearthed during our travels furniture. Bathroom with bath, also possibility to make a fire in the living room and bedroom. The area is worthy of a movie set!	"Very nice apartment, design pieces, Place des Victoires in the heart of Paris, in the charming and lively Quartier Montorgueil. 2 steps from the Louvre Museum and the Opera House. Immediately adjacent to the Palais Royal gardens, gallery Vivienne. Very nice apartment of 75m2 (2 rooms), Place des Victoires in the heart of Paris, in the charming and lively Montorgueil. 2 steps from the Louvre Museum and the Opera. Immediately adjacent to the garden of the Royal Palace, the Galerie Vivienne ... Bourgeois apartment (ceiling height, flooring, moldings, and 2 fireplaces), calm, warm and very bright (unobstructed view on Banque de France). A decoration who mixes designer pieces and souvenirs unearthed during our travels furniture. Bathroom with bath, also possibility to make a fire in the living room and bedroom. The area is worthy of a movie set! We always leave our best address, restaurants, shops...  If you feel like it ... to travel around Paris by bike, ""Velib"" terminals are also at the "
29580	Parisian style and spirit for this 2 bedroom appartment with wood floor and chimney.   Decorated with nice furniture and unique artistic photos and drawings. 	In the center of Paris, 15 mn walking distance from Notre Dame and the Louvre in the Montorgueil neighborhood.  Charming 2 bedrooms apartment with full-equipped kitchen and bathroom. Parisian style and spirit for this 2 bedroom appartment with wood floor and chimney.   Decorated with nice furniture and unique artistic photos and drawings.  Great location just a 5 mn walk from the rue Montorgueil and its restaurants, bars and grocery shops. You will be at the center of the city, within a 15 mn walk from Le Marais, Notre Dame, Le Louvre and les Grands Magasins.  4 metro lines (3,4, 8 and 9) are within a 5 min walk. 10 min walk from Les Halles station where you can take the train for Roissy CDG or Orly airports and the train to business district La Défense
29581		Derrière la place Vendôme, à 2 pas de la place du marché Saint Honoré. 5mns à pied des Galeries Lafayette, Printemps et de tous les plus grands musées (Louvre, Orsay, Beaubourg) Accessible par tous moyens de transports: Roissy bus, métro, RER.
29582		A beautiful design  apartment in the center of Paris, next to Centre Pompidou The greatest polyculturel establishment in Paris  Known for its extraordinary design , Etienne Marcel and its department stores of French mode , Montorgeuil  very animated
29583	L'appartement de 18m² est constitué d'une pièce principale cosy éclairée par une grande fenêtre, d'une petite cuisine avec mini-four et machine à laver, et d'une salle de bains avec baignoire. Le lit se déplie facilement pour accueillir 2 personnes. La décoration donne à l'ensemble une atmosphère chaleureuse.	Petit studio avec sdb et cuisine séparées, idéal couples. Vous serez au coeur de Paris dans un quartier plein de vie (cafés de la rue Montorgueil, bars et restaurants de la rue Saint Denis) et très bien connecté (métro Réaumur-Sébastopol à 2 pas). L'appartement de 18m² est constitué d'une pièce principale cosy éclairée par une grande fenêtre, d'une petite cuisine avec mini-four et machine à laver, et d'une salle de bains avec baignoire. Le lit se déplie facilement pour accueillir 2 personnes. La décoration donne à l'ensemble une atmosphère chaleureuse. Je laisse l'appartement entièrement aux voyageurs tout en veillant à ce qu'ils puissent facilement récupérer les clés. Aucune limitation n'est prévue hors consommables. Cafetière/théière à la disposition des hôtes. A votre disposition avant et pendant votre voyage pour répondre à vos questions et vous orienter au mieux. Situé dans une petite rue calme de l'hyper-centre parisien, entre Les Halles-Châtelet, Strasbourg Saint Denis,  Républi
29584		Un magnifique appartement à proximité des Grands Magasins, de la Gare du Nord et du cœur de Paris. Idéal pour visiter la capitale. 3 chambres, 4-5 personnes, tout confort.
29585	Feel like at home This very design apartment (30sqm) is totally brand new and fully furnished (renting includes Electric /heating system) : Kitchen : A nice opened kitchen with everything for cooking : microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer, hob, Nespresso coffee machine, rice-cooker, kitchen hood. Living Room : Wifi, flat screen TV and good audio, international cable TV with all channels, dvd/blu ray player, table, stools, comfy sofa Bathroom : Shower, and hair dryer, towels, shampoo, hand and shower gel Toilets are separated from bathroom 2 large windows with street view	Unique design apartment in the hearth of pedestrian area of Paris : Montorgueil. You can access easily walking in 10 minutes to Le Marais, Le louvre, Opéra and a lot of others ! This area is full of typical shops and restaurants of Paris :) Feel like at home This very design apartment (30sqm) is totally brand new and fully furnished (renting includes Electric /heating system) : Kitchen : A nice opened kitchen with everything for cooking : microwave, oven, dishwasher, washing machine with dryer, hob, Nespresso coffee machine, rice-cooker, kitchen hood. Living Room : Wifi, flat screen TV and good audio, international cable TV with all channels, dvd/blu ray player, table, stools, comfy sofa Bathroom : Shower, and hair dryer, towels, shampoo, hand and shower gel Toilets are separated from bathroom 2 large windows with street view The area is very safe, and very Parisian. Down are plenty of restaurants, bakeries, coffees, terraces, Food Markets you will enjoy your time in Paris. You will be
29586	This gorgeous flat can welcome 5 people with the 2 bedrooms and the living room (futon). First bedroom: - Double bed (160cm) with a spa bath Second bedroom: - Double bed (130cm) with TV and bathroom Living room: - Extra bed (90cm) In the flat, you'll find 2 bathrooms (no toilets) and one seperate washroom.	At 100m walk to the Opéra Garnier, gorgeous flat of 90m², fully equiped. With 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, it's perfect to spend good time for a family. The flat is on the 5th floor with an elevator (4th floor). It's very quiet (courtyard) This gorgeous flat can welcome 5 people with the 2 bedrooms and the living room (futon). First bedroom: - Double bed (160cm) with a spa bath Second bedroom: - Double bed (130cm) with TV and bathroom Living room: - Extra bed (90cm) In the flat, you'll find 2 bathrooms (no toilets) and one seperate washroom. The flat is fully equiped. Kitchen with an oven, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine,... You will find a great comfort with the Air Conditioning during the summer. Technology :  - Internet with Wifi and TV.  - Sound system to listen music in the whole apartment. Amazing neighborhood in the center of Paris. Just 1 minute walk from the Opera Garnier and the Place Vendome is at 5mn. There are plenty of restaurants, cafes and stores (clothing, Ap
29587	Extraordinairement placé au centre de Paris, près du Forum des Halles, de la Bibliothèque Nationale, du Jardin du Palais Royal, du musée du Louvre, du musée Pompidou-Beaubourg. Immeuble historique du XVII° siècle, appartement entièrement rénové.	    Au 5° ascenseur sur cour, clair et calme, deux pièces avec chambre (vrai lit de 130), salon, cuisine salle de bains, lave linge, wc, internet, téléphone, tv, dans quartier très vivant, centre de Paris, à 2 pas du secteur piétionnier Montorgueil.    Extraordinairement placé au centre de Paris, près du Forum des Halles, de la Bibliothèque Nationale, du Jardin du Palais Royal, du musée du Louvre, du musée Pompidou-Beaubourg. Immeuble historique du XVII° siècle, appartement entièrement rénové. Métro Sentier, lignes 3; RER à cinq minutes, de nombreuses lignes d'autobus. Par courrier électronique Sa vitalité, son histoire
29588	Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask Long stays above 2 weeks are preferred Airport transfer available - please ask --------------------------------- Please note:  As of today (May 2015), there are no reviews available for this flat. Either it is new on the market and has not been rented short-term before or previous guests have simply not left a review after their stay. We would be delighted if you were to change this! Welcome to our bright and airy studio for up to 3 guests located in the cute pedestrian Rue Montmartre in the lively Montorgueil area (Paris 2nd arrondissement)! This 1st floor flat (with elevator) is 30 square metres and comprises:    -1 double bed (140cm x 200cm) -1 single bed (90cm x 200cm) -1 separate bathroom with WC and shower cabin + towel heater -a living room corner with leather sofa   -a dining room corner with dinner table and chairs for 3 guests.  Designed for up to 3 guests and ideal for a couple, the flat faces the main courtyard so there 	*The flat is 30 sqm large  *The total capacity is 3 guests (Not suitabe for babies) *There is 1 double bed and 1 single bed  *The flat is on the 1st floor with elevator *The flat is fully equipped Discounts apply for stays above 7 nights - please ask Long stays above 2 weeks are preferred Airport transfer available - please ask --------------------------------- Please note:  As of today (May 2015), there are no reviews available for this flat. Either it is new on the market and has not been rented short-term before or previous guests have simply not left a review after their stay. We would be delighted if you were to change this! Welcome to our bright and airy studio for up to 3 guests located in the cute pedestrian Rue Montmartre in the lively Montorgueil area (Paris 2nd arrondissement)! This 1st floor flat (with elevator) is 30 square metres and comprises:    -1 double bed (140cm x 200cm) -1 single bed (90cm x 200cm) -1 separate bathroom with WC and shower cabin + towel heater -a liv
29589	My place can welcome 4 people, there is one bedroom and a sofa bed, the kitchen is furnished and equipped, with a breakfast bar. The linens and towels are furnished. It is on the 5th floor of an old textil factory ( The rue du Mail is THE street where designers and architects go when they need fabric, cloth, for curtains, sofas...). My apartment is above a glass roof ( the bulding is square and the glass roof is in the middle, just below my floor ), so my windows don't have a street view , no street noise!	3 rooms apartment in an old textile factory, fully equipped, linen/towel furnished.Near rue Montorgueil, lined with restaurants/bakeries/cafés/wine shops/cheese shops, place to socialize while doing daily shopping. Historical district Le Sentier, near Le Louvres (5 min), Opera and Le Marais. Easy access from subway/bus etc. My place can welcome 4 people, there is one bedroom and a sofa bed, the kitchen is furnished and equipped, with a breakfast bar. The linens and towels are furnished. It is on the 5th floor of an old textil factory ( The rue du Mail is THE street where designers and architects go when they need fabric, cloth, for curtains, sofas...). My apartment is above a glass roof ( the bulding is square and the glass roof is in the middle, just below my floor ), so my windows don't have a street view , no street noise! The apartment is fully equipped. You will have access to TV, internet, bluetooth speaker, apple tv. The kitchen has everything you could need (microwave, nespress
29590	Welcome in this wonderfull duplex entirely renovated by an architect at the heart of Montorgueil, Palais Royal gardens and the Louvre. The flat, with a 30 square meters surface area, has a room in mezzanine separated from the living room and a fully equipped open-plan  kitchen(micro-wave, oven, fridge, dish-washing machine ...) Parquet , design bathroom with italian shower and toilet.	Enjoy your stay in this appartment, entirely renovated  by an architect, located in one of the most beautifull area of Paris just behind the gardens of Palais Royal, close to the Louvre, Montorgueil, and Le Marais. Welcome in this wonderfull duplex entirely renovated by an architect at the heart of Montorgueil, Palais Royal gardens and the Louvre. The flat, with a 30 square meters surface area, has a room in mezzanine separated from the living room and a fully equipped open-plan  kitchen(micro-wave, oven, fridge, dish-washing machine ...) Parquet , design bathroom with italian shower and toilet. The flat is fully furnished and it is completely equipped (WI-FI, washing machine, dish-washing machine,micro-wave, oven, fridge, Nespresso machine and there's everything in the kitchen to cook your own home made meals.  I am entirely available by phone or e-mail to plan the arrival of my guests
29591		Appartement familiale au coeur de Paris, les grands boulevards, populaires et touristiques. Appartement clair et calme (cour intérieure) au 5e étage sans ascenseur dans immeuble ancien du 18e siècle
29592	Ce superbe studio de 38 m² refait à neuf, est situé au cœur de Paris dans le quartier animé et piéton de Montorgueil et proche du Marais. À 50m de la station de métro Sentier et à 5 minutes à pieds de la station Châtelet les halles, vous serez à la croisée de toutes les lignes de métro et RER. Tous les quartiers de Paris ainsi que les aéroports sont facilement accessibles en quelques minutes. Gare du Nord à 15mm en métro. Aéroports à 30mm en RER. Au pied du studio vous trouverez, le marché montorgueil, de nombreux restaurants et bars et des boutiques d'art ou de mode.  Au calme au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, le studio est situé sur cour.  Totalement équipé en meubles design, vous y trouverez, un vrai lit , un canapé convertible d excellente qualité, un écran plat avec chaînes du cable, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec douche, une machine à laver et un accès internet wifi illimité. Ce confortable studio est idéal pour passer un séjour romantique ou professionnel dans les meill	Ce superbe studio de 38 m² refait à neuf, est situé au cœur de Paris dans le quartier animé et piéton de Montorgueil et proche du Marais. À 50m de la station de métro Sentier et à 5 minutes à pieds de la station Châtelet les halles, vous serez à la croisée de toutes les lignes de métro et RER. Tous les quartiers de Paris ainsi que les aéroports sont facilement accessibles en quelques minutes. Gare du Nord à 15mm en métro. Aéroports à 30mm en RER. Au pied du studio vous trouverez, le marché montorgueil, de nombreux restaurants et bars et des boutiques d'art ou de mode.  Au calme au 3ème étage sans ascenseur, le studio est situé sur cour.  Totalement équipé en meubles design, vous y trouverez, un vrai lit , un canapé convertible d excellente qualité, un écran plat avec chaînes du cable, une cuisine équipée, une salle de bain avec douche, une machine à laver et un accès internet wifi illimité. Ce confortable studio est idéal pour passer un séjour romantique ou professionnel dans les meill
29593	It is our first experience of renting on Airbnb, and we are very excited to offer our beloved flat to visitors! The flat is in a calm street on the 6th and last floor (with elevator ;) ), and is therefore very bright. The flat features a living room opening on an all-equiped kitchen, a bedroom with double bed, 1 bathroom with a bathtub and separated toilet. The sofa in the living room can be converted in a very large and comfortable bed for two additionnal persons. 	Perfectly located 45m2 flat in the heart of Paris, in the lively area of Montorgueil in a calm street, at walking distance of Le Marais, Châtelet, Le Louvre and to the best Paris has to offer! Perfect for a couple or a family up to 4!  It is our first experience of renting on Airbnb, and we are very excited to offer our beloved flat to visitors! The flat is in a calm street on the 6th and last floor (with elevator ;) ), and is therefore very bright. The flat features a living room opening on an all-equiped kitchen, a bedroom with double bed, 1 bathroom with a bathtub and separated toilet. The sofa in the living room can be converted in a very large and comfortable bed for two additionnal persons.  The Montorgueuil quartier is a vibrant and authentic area, well known for its famous permanent food market (Epiceries, boulangeries, fromageries and all traditional french products) its restaurants, trendy & traditionnal bars and shops. Anything you need from Paris is condensed there - whethe
29594	À louer Appartement d'artiste :  - deux pièces plein coeur de Paris ( Métro Richelieu Drouot - Bourse...) - 1 salon avec canapé lit - 1 chambre avec lit 140cm - 1 cuisine équipée - 1 salle de douche - 2 ème étage avec ascenseur 	Cozy apartment in the heart of Paris to enjoy the museums, theaters and department stores ( in feet). A room. A sofa bed with lounge, a large screen. a shower room . Equipped kitchen. Linen provided. Free WIFI .
29595	A cosy 2 persons apartment situated in a 300 years old building. The apartment is situated on the 7th  floor (PLEASE NOTE THERE'S NO LIFT). The apartment (38 square meter) consists of a kitchen, a living room with a dining area, a separate bathroom with shower and toilet, a room with a real comfortable bed (140cm X 190cm). The equipment is very complete:  - Four microwave-oven/grill  - Hob - Kettle - Kitchenware  - Fridge  - Toaster  - Coffee bodum  - Laundry  - Iron and ironing board  - Internet Wifi  - TV  - Vacuum  - Bath towels of different sizes  - Bed Linen  - Additional Coverage for more cautious 	"My apartment is located in one of the best spot of Paris. In the middle of ""quartier montorgueil"", you live the typical parisan life, and reach the touristic center in less than 10 minutes by foot or public transportation.  Enjoy. A cosy 2 persons apartment situated in a 300 years old building. The apartment is situated on the 7th  floor (PLEASE NOTE THERE'S NO LIFT). The apartment (38 square meter) consists of a kitchen, a living room with a dining area, a separate bathroom with shower and toilet, a room with a real comfortable bed (140cm X 190cm). The equipment is very complete:  - Four microwave-oven/grill  - Hob - Kettle - Kitchenware  - Fridge  - Toaster  - Coffee bodum  - Laundry  - Iron and ironing board  - Internet Wifi  - TV  - Vacuum  - Bath towels of different sizes  - Bed Linen  - Additional Coverage for more cautious 100 meter from Etienne-Marcel station (Line 4) I will stay in the apartment I share with my girlfriend, 15 minutes away from this one, so I can be disponible "
29596	This is a cozy studio overlooking a quiet courtyard. It's located on the 4th floor of a historically classed building with a staircase dating back to the 17th century. It's equipped with all of the modern conveniences necessary for your stay in Paris. The small space is used efficiently with a mezzanine that acts as a bedroom.	This is a cozy studio in the heart of the Marais is overlooking a quiet courtyard. It's located on the 4th floor of a historically classed building with a wooden staircase dating back to the 17th century. This is a cozy studio overlooking a quiet courtyard. It's located on the 4th floor of a historically classed building with a staircase dating back to the 17th century. It's equipped with all of the modern conveniences necessary for your stay in Paris. The small space is used efficiently with a mezzanine that acts as a bedroom. Guests have exclusive access to the entire apartment.  The kitchen if fully equipped. Internet access is free. Towels and linen are provided.  Electricity, heating and cleaning costs are included in the price. You will be met in the apartment with the key. We are a real estate agency specializing in vacation rentals in Paris. We are available 7 days a week and often at night. You can contact us any time if you have questions or problems before or during your sta
29597	Located on the 3rd floor, this flat has 1 bedroom with a really confortable bed for two,  1 bathrooms, the toilets are separated  and a sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. The apartment can welcome 4 persons.  It has a really huge living room, bright and soundproof. The large terrace will definitely charm you. Very close to the subway station, you can go everywhere by foot, especially Tuileries garden, Le Louvre museum,Beaubourg and Pompidou museum, Le Marais, Bastille, Republique, Notre Dame...  It also has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a microwaves, a cooker, a coffee machine, a tea kettle,a toaster, a flat iron and hot plates.. You will also be able to find multimedia devices like a TV with Cable HDMI, the Internet, the Wifi and Hifi . The bathroom is composed of a washbasin, Toilet, Hair dryer, Shower, towel rail. Also provided are the clean linens, pillow covers, towels, covers. I also furnish shampoo, shower gel, toilet paper. in short everything is pr	Really charming flat located in the heart of Paris.  Montorgueil pedestrian area it s the place where every inhabitants of Paris want to live.  Central, many bars, shops, restaurants, lively nighlife.  Safe, trendy and quiet.  Located on the 3rd floor, this flat has 1 bedroom with a really confortable bed for two,  1 bathrooms, the toilets are separated  and a sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room. The apartment can welcome 4 persons.  It has a really huge living room, bright and soundproof. The large terrace will definitely charm you. Very close to the subway station, you can go everywhere by foot, especially Tuileries garden, Le Louvre museum,Beaubourg and Pompidou museum, Le Marais, Bastille, Republique, Notre Dame...  It also has a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge, a freezer, a microwaves, a cooker, a coffee machine, a tea kettle,a toaster, a flat iron and hot plates.. You will also be able to find multimedia devices like a TV with Cable HDMI, the Internet, the Wifi and Hif
29598		Je loue ma chambre (20m2), dans un appartement très agréable de 80 m2 en plein centre de Paris. 2 min (à pied) de l'Opéra Garnier 10 min (à pied) du Louvre Avis aux (très) grandes personnes ( Hauteur sous plafond :2m)
29599	Situated in the historic Montorgueil district, rue Marie Stuart is a small and narrow cobblestone street extending about 50 meters between rue Montorgueil and the arcades of the Passage du Grand Cerf. This entire district is closed to traffic and is full of small shops, cafés, restaurants, bakeries, markets and a steady stream of Parisians. Rue Montorgueil is the last remaining vestige of the great “Halles de Paris” – the central market place that moved out of Paris proper in the late 1960's. In the rue Montorgueil you are embraced by one of the most alive and picturesque streets of Paris. It is called the rue Marché and here you can purchase fresh flowers, fruits, vegetables, fish, and an assortment of meats, cheeses, and bread from small shopkeepers who display their wares openly. Some of the restaurants and stores date back as far as the 17th century! Enjoy the village feeling and sense of place and history. You will find the bustle and discriminating ambiance of Paris until late at	Experience the charm, character and life of old Paris in this completely remodeled studio in a historic and beautiful 17th century building located in the prestigious 2nd Arrondissement. Situated in the historic Montorgueil district, rue Marie Stuart is a small and narrow cobblestone street extending about 50 meters between rue Montorgueil and the arcades of the Passage du Grand Cerf. This entire district is closed to traffic and is full of small shops, cafés, restaurants, bakeries, markets and a steady stream of Parisians. Rue Montorgueil is the last remaining vestige of the great “Halles de Paris” – the central market place that moved out of Paris proper in the late 1960's. In the rue Montorgueil you are embraced by one of the most alive and picturesque streets of Paris. It is called the rue Marché and here you can purchase fresh flowers, fruits, vegetables, fish, and an assortment of meats, cheeses, and bread from small shopkeepers who display their wares openly. Some of the restaur
29600	The flat is 44m2 (400sq feet), complete with all kitchen ustensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has a separate toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 44square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The flat is 44m2 (400sq feet), complete with all kitchen ustensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has a separate toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER
29601	A modern 100m2 apartment in the Montorgueuil / Etienne Marcel district, one of the best fashion district situed in center of Paris The flat has 2 bedrooms with large beds, 1 living room, 1 dining room, 2 bath rooms, 1 american kitchen fully equiped with an induction cooker, a micro-wave, a dish-washer and a washing machine. We also provide Internet, Plasma screen, Playstation 3 and an amplified music system for yours Mp3. Nearest metropolitan stations are: - Reaumur Sebastopol (line 3 & 4) 50m far - Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4, 8 & 9) 300m far From the apartment, you can walk around to the Art & Metier Museum or in the Sentier district where you can shop clothes at very low prices. The street and the apartment  are really quiet, especially at night (there is absolutly no noise). Please take a look at the apartment pictures attached and feel free to contact us if you need any information.	A modern 100m2 apartment in the Montorgueuil / Etienne Marcel district, one of the best fashion district situed in center of Paris The flat has 2 bedrooms with large beds, 1 living room, 1 dining room, 2 bath rooms, 1 american kitchen fully equiped with an induction cooker, a micro-wave, a dish-washer and a washing machine. We also provide Internet, Plasma screen, Playstation 3 and an amplified music system for yours Mp3. Nearest metropolitan stations are: - Reaumur Sebastopol (line 3 & 4) 50m far - Strasbourg Saint Denis (line 4, 8 & 9) 300m far From the apartment, you can walk around to the Art & Metier Museum or in the Sentier district where you can shop clothes at very low prices. The street and the apartment  are really quiet, especially at night (there is absolutly no noise). Please take a look at the apartment pictures attached and feel free to contact us if you need any information. Full access I will not be present I am available on cell phone Situated in center of Paris, near
29602	Tout confort, central et pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes.	En plein centre de Paris dans le quartier Montorgueil, bel appartement refait à neuf avec tous l'équipement qu'il faut pour se sentir bien.  Dans une rue calme et un quartier pourtant très animé, tous les charmes de Paris sont à 2 min. : fromagers, cavistes, bars trendy, restaurants, boutiques tendances et j'en passe. Retrouvez-vous en 10 min à pied au musée Beaubourg - George Pompidou ou au musée du Louvre, en 20 min à Montmartre ou au Champs Elysées. Au 5ieme étage sans ascenseur Tout confort, central et pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes. Logement entièrement accessible - 5ie étage, par escalier. Des questions sur Paris avant votre arrivée ? N'hésitez pas ! Des questions pendant votre séjour ? Pas de souci, disponibilité maximum. Montorgueil... un quartier central, accessible, à la fois dynamique mais aussi avec de nombreuses petites rues calmes et sympathiques. à 3 min : métro Sentier (M3)  à 5 min : métro Bourse (M3)  à 7 min : métro Etienne Marcel (M4)  à 10 min : Chatelet le
29603	La chambre est indépendante mais il est possible d'utiliser la cuisine et la machine à laver dans mon appartement  à l'étage au dessous.	The room is independent with a separate entrance but guests can use the kitchen and the washing machine in my apartment in the evening. I will be pleased to help you find you way in Paris and if you wish show you interesting places in the area. Very central and historical area. A lot of restaurants, bars, theaters, cinemas etc...  in walking distance. Great access to public transport . Metro Lines 3, 4, 8, 9.  Main stations ( Les halles and Gare du Nord) of  Regional network (RER) very close.  2 long distances network stations (Gare du Nord- Eurostar and Thalys and Gare de L'est) at 15mn.
29604	"This charming apartment is on the 6th floor of a traditional Parisian building. (There is no lift. Digicodes door/grille) Its location in the pedestrian area and its roof terrace make it the ideal place to live a romantic and ""trendy"" stay, ""dans le ""COEUR"" de Paris"". The surface of the apartment is 33m2. It consists of a bedroom (bed 140x190cm) a bathroom (shower and toilet), a kitchen (microwave / grill, washing machine) and a living room that opens on a ""flat roof"" (11m2) with stunning views of the famous pedestrian street and on the roofs and terraces of Montorgueil."	"This lovely property is located on a 6th floor of a classic Parisian building with a great terrace overviewing trendy rue Montorgueil. This charming apartment is on the 6th floor of a traditional Parisian building. (There is no lift. Digicodes door/grille) Its location in the pedestrian area and its roof terrace make it the ideal place to live a romantic and ""trendy"" stay, ""dans le ""COEUR"" de Paris"". The surface of the apartment is 33m2. It consists of a bedroom (bed 140x190cm) a bathroom (shower and toilet), a kitchen (microwave / grill, washing machine) and a living room that opens on a ""flat roof"" (11m2) with stunning views of the famous pedestrian street and on the roofs and terraces of Montorgueil. # RER B  / Châtelet-Les Halles station: arriving directly in the pedestrian area; Approximately 240m. # METRO SENTIER / Line 3: direct arrival in the pedestrian area, exit ""rue des petits carreaux""; Approximately 20m. We are living in the same neighborhood and we will be greeting you up"
29605	We're living on the 6th floor and we rent this room which is part of our apartment but located on the 5th floor. It is independent, with its separate entrance.	Montorgueil area, 11m2 courtyard room, on the 5th floor (no elevator), with shower and toilets (no kitchen). - A bed for 2 persons. - Japanese toilettes. - TV, computer and high speed Wifi. - In the center of Paris. We're living on the 6th floor and we rent this room which is part of our apartment but located on the 5th floor. It is independent, with its separate entrance. We're living on the 6th floor and we rent this room which is part of our apartment but located on the 5th floor. It is independent, with its separate entrance. Montorgueil is a central district of Paris, with bars and restaurants. You will be near the main attractions: Notre Dame de Paris, Musée du Louvre, Musée d'Orsay, the Seine, the Opera Garnier, the Latin Quarter ... Closest Subway Stations are: Sentier, Etienne Marcel, Reaumur Sebastopol, Chatelet les Halles. Since you're completly in the center, you'd probably walk by foot to the main places you need to see. It's a non smoking room. _____ How to get here? From
29606	appartement familial rare  dans ce quartier;ildispose de 2 chambres pour2 enfants;  et  d un salon avec un canape lit neuf deux places pouradultes;	F3; coeur de paris;  sur cour; ; tranquile; tout equippé,ideal pour 2adultes et 2enfants ;  2 chambres  pour 2 enfants;  salon avec canape lit 2places  pour les adultes appartement familial rare  dans ce quartier;ildispose de 2 chambres pour2 enfants;  et  d un salon avec un canape lit neuf deux places pouradultes; METRO  SENTIER  ou RER LES HALLES  NOUS SERONS RAVIS DE RESUMER LES AVANTAGES DU QUARTIER
29607	Easy location for everything in paris! Studio  -Double bed  -Sofa bed  -Adaptors  -Printer  -Hair dryer  -Shampoo  -Shower gel  -Easy Iron  -All kitchen stuff	"Best location, you can walk to every attractions nearby Easy location for everything in paris! Studio  -Double bed  -Sofa bed  -Adaptors  -Printer  -Hair dryer  -Shampoo  -Shower gel  -Easy Iron  -All kitchen stuff You can use my Kitchen: you can buy some food in the market nearby, cook for yourself,  Wifi, toilet private. You can contact me easily here or by phone Top area, near pyramide and chatelat!!  Louvre!!!  Situated close to the Jardin Palais Royal and Japanese quartier, at 3 min by walking to Victoire square, 10 mins walk to Chatelat, 8 mins to Louvre, 10mins to La Seine! lots of restaurants, supermarkets, market, popular area to stay!  Perfect studio to discover easily the centre of Paris ! Metro Line 1,Palais royal musée du louvre  3 Bourse,7 Pyramide, if you walk to chatelat, you have line 1,4,7,11,RER A B D - From Charles de Gaulle airport :  Take the ""RER B"" direction Paris.  Stop in ""chatelat"" metro station. Please contact me by phone or email before you book.  Please co"
29608	The flat is 44m2 (400sq feet), complete with all kitchen ustensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has a separate toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available	Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 44square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. The flat is 44m2 (400sq feet), complete with all kitchen ustensils, microwave, dishwasher, induction plates, fridge and drink making facilities. The bed is queen size (180cm X, 200cm), with 4 pillows, a new high quality mattress and bed base. The bathroom has a separate toilette, with bath and separate shower facility. A large flat screen television provides international TV channels including BBC, CNBC, EuroNews, as well as French channels. Free Wifi is available From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost approximately 45 euros depending on traffic, expected journey time is around 50 minutes at weekends. - By Paris RER train, take the RER
29609	Le logement est extrêmement bien situé: A pied:  à 5min de la rue Montorgueil, rue piétonne où se succèdent de nombreux petits restaurants de qualité, à 10min du Louvre, à 15 min du centre Geoges Pompidou Beaubourg,  à 15 min de Marais, à 10 min de Chatelet-les-Halles et de la rue de Rivoli pour le shopping, bref...extrêmement bien situé!	Petit studio en plein coeur de Paris! Le logement est extrêmement bien situé: A pied:  à 5min de la rue Montorgueil, rue piétonne où se succèdent de nombreux petits restaurants de qualité, à 10min du Louvre, à 15 min du centre Geoges Pompidou Beaubourg,  à 15 min de Marais, à 10 min de Chatelet-les-Halles et de la rue de Rivoli pour le shopping, bref...extrêmement bien situé! Le logement entier est à disposition des voyageurs. Je suis disponible et joignable tout au long du séjour. 2ème arrondissement, quartier branché et safe Métro : Sentier (ligne 3) Réaumur-Sébastopol (lignes 3 et 4) Strasbourg St Denis (lignes 4, 8 et 9) RER : Chatelet-les-Halles (lignes A,B et D)
29610	Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment is the ideal base for your stay.  The entire apartment is available.  It's a 30 sqm duplex with kitchen and the living room at ground floor + bedroom and bathroom upstairs. Please note that there is no separation between bedroom and bathroom. Ideal for 2 people.  I provide linen and towels for your stay. The apartment is on court at the third floor so it is very quiet. I just work next to the apartment, so I will be available to welcome you and give you valuable advice.  Montorgueil is one of the most charming areas of Paris.  	30sqm duplex located in the 2nd district.  The apartment is on the courtyard in a quiet street between Grands Boulevards and Rue Montorgueil. Located in the heart of Paris, this apartment is the ideal base for your stay.  The entire apartment is available.  It's a 30 sqm duplex with kitchen and the living room at ground floor + bedroom and bathroom upstairs. Please note that there is no separation between bedroom and bathroom. Ideal for 2 people.  I provide linen and towels for your stay. The apartment is on court at the third floor so it is very quiet. I just work next to the apartment, so I will be available to welcome you and give you valuable advice.  Montorgueil is one of the most charming areas of Paris.  You will have access to the entire apartment. Please respect our personal belongings. I remain available for any question before and during your stay. What I love about my apartment? The quietness and the location. You can go everywhere in Paris by walking or by bike.  All you n
29611	The studio is new and full furnished, just near a supermarket and other stores like bakery, butcher's shop and grocery	Studio near Montorgueil street, third floor, windows on quit courtyard, modern, new and full furnished. HD TV and fast Wifi. Nice place for a romantic stay in Paris, Capital of lovers. The studio is new and full furnished, just near a supermarket and other stores like bakery, butcher's shop and grocery I live very close and I'm helpfully. I'll be happy to share my experience of Paris and give advises on place to visit, museum, restaurants, etc... Montorgueil is the most typical place in the downtown of Paris. Experience the parisian genuine life. Very close of 3,4,8,9 metro lines and RER A.
29612	This lovely 55 square meter one-bedroom loft apartment is located in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 1st French floor of a 17th century building and it sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with a cloths washer, unlimited high speed Internet access, phone, and TV with TNT/French channels.  BUILDING  The 17th century building is equipped with an Elevator at the half-floor and a locked gate.  ENTRANCE  The 3 square meter entrance hall leads directly into the Living area, as well as has direct access to the Kitchen, bathroom and laundry closet. LIVING ROOM  The 35 square meter Living area has two tall windows facing the calm street to insure lots of sunlight and is furnished with two Sofas that convert into single beds that sleep one a piece, a coffee table, Dining table for up to 4 people, a low hutch for the TV and knick-knacks, lamps and a television featuring the TNT and therefore French channels. It has open beams holding up a 3 and a half meter high ceiling, with addition	Central apartment, located in a lively district with hight ceilings and exposed wood.  This lovely 55 square meter one-bedroom loft apartment is located in the 2nd arrondissement, on the 1st French floor of a 17th century building and it sleeps up to 4 people. This apartment is equipped with a cloths washer, unlimited high speed Internet access, phone, and TV with TNT/French channels.  BUILDING  The 17th century building is equipped with an Elevator at the half-floor and a locked gate.  ENTRANCE  The 3 square meter entrance hall leads directly into the Living area, as well as has direct access to the Kitchen, bathroom and laundry closet. LIVING ROOM  The 35 square meter Living area has two tall windows facing the calm street to insure lots of sunlight and is furnished with two Sofas that convert into single beds that sleep one a piece, a coffee table, Dining table for up to 4 people, a low hutch for the TV and knick-knacks, lamps and a television featuring the TNT and therefore French 
29613	Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75002 ! At short walking distance from Montorgueil, nice restaurants and bars, this charming 28m2 studio is an ideal nest for a couple visiting the city, or someone traveling alone.  1 min to metro Strasbourg Saint-Denis/Réaumur Sébastopol. 20 min walk to Pompidou, located on a quiet nice place. Sunny, this studio has all you need for a comfortable stay from a washing machine and wifi.	Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75002 ! At short walking distance from Montorgueil, nice restaurants and bars, this charming 28m2 studio is an ideal nest for a couple visiting the city, or someone traveling alone. Perfectly located in the center of Paris 75002 ! At short walking distance from Montorgueil, nice restaurants and bars, this charming 28m2 studio is an ideal nest for a couple visiting the city, or someone traveling alone.  1 min to metro Strasbourg Saint-Denis/Réaumur Sébastopol. 20 min walk to Pompidou, located on a quiet nice place. Sunny, this studio has all you need for a comfortable stay from a washing machine and wifi.
29614	SITUATION privileged & outstanding capacity 6 persons.  This apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen and the bathroom.  In the living room: -1 very comfortable sofa bed for 2 personnes(sheets) -TV -1 table for 4 but you have extra chairs at your disposal.  -1 coffee table for those who like eating in front of the television.  -heating  - 2 large windows.   Bedroom 1: -double bed  - TV -2 bedside lamps-heating -great 1 window  bedroom 2 : -1 double bed -2 lamps for bedside tables -1 large Mirror -large 1 window -heating  kitchen: -4 induction hobs -1 sink  - 1 fridge  - 1 micro wave  - 1 coffee  - 1  - 1 toaster  - 1 dryer.   -kitchen utensils, dishes and glassware for 6.    -commodities tea, coffee, sugar.   Bathroom -toilet  -bath -shower because presence of a door -1 washbasin -towels -paper toilet 	SITUATION privileged & outstanding capacity 6 persons.  This apartment consists of 2 bedrooms, one living room, one kitchen and the bathroom.  In the living room: -1 very comfortable sofa bed for 2 personnes(sheets) -TV -1 table for 4 but you have extra chairs at your disposal.  -1 coffee table for those who like eating in front of the television.  -heating  - 2 large windows.   Bedroom 1: -double bed  - TV -2 bedside lamps-heating -great 1 window  bedroom 2 : -1 double bed -2 lamps for bedside tables -1 large Mirror -large 1 window -heating  kitchen: -4 induction hobs -1 sink  - 1 fridge  - 1 micro wave  - 1 coffee  - 1  - 1 toaster  - 1 dryer.   -kitchen utensils, dishes and glassware for 6.    -commodities tea, coffee, sugar.   Bathroom -toilet  -bath -shower because presence of a door -1 washbasin -towels -paper toilet  All in the flat. Internet access unlimited Wifi  Ironing Table and iron Trade with guests can be made by mail or by phone. Tenants must contact us 10 days before  a
29615	Includes all equipment, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, washing machine, clothes dryer, Wifi, TV, free fixed line calls to most countries of the globe (see here : (website hidden))	Situated in the lively Bonne Nouvelle area, at walking distance from the Montorgueil, Opera and Department Stores areas. Remote,  third and top floor apartment of 840ft² with a large, fully equipped living room, a large bedroom and an office. Includes all equipment, Nespresso machine, dishwasher, washing machine, clothes dryer, Wifi, TV, free fixed line calls to most countries of the globe (see here : (website hidden)) I'll be reachable at any time during your stay and, unless told otherwise, I should be within 1 hr max distance from you. The janitor of the buildings will be aware of your visit and available for urgencies. At 5-10mn walk you'll be in the very Parisian Montorgueil area. But you're also at 5-10mn from the St Denis hipster area (lively, good food and facial hair everywhere). You may prefer the Opera area and the department stores (still at 10mn). And if you want to walk slightly more than 15mn, you'll have access to the Louvre, Beaubourg (MOMA), the Marais area, the River
29616	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 20 m² (215 sq. feet) apartment is located on Rue Montorgueil in the lively 2nd district. This bright apartment is equipped with a micro wave, regular coffee machine, toaster, glass-ceramic cooktop panel, fridge, freezer, washing/drying machine, hair dryer, shower, TV, Wireless lan connexion.The apartment accommodates 2 people. Also provided: fresh bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels and kitchen utensils.	APARTMENT INFORMATION This charming 20 m² (215sq. feet) apartment is located on Rue Montorgueil in the lively 2nd district. This bright apartment is equipped with a micro wave, regular coffee machine, toaster, glass-ceramic cooktop and climatisation
29617	Apartment decor bright design, living room of 25 m2 with 3,60 m ceiling without opposite will delight you for sure .. For music lovers, you can even improvise some notes on our piano or our guitar! In the lounge you can enjoy your music with wireless connectivity on quality speakers with all your devices: Smartphone, tablet and computer, etc. ... Broadband internet and wifi access, HD TV. The kitchen is fully equipped with 2 ceramic hobs (+ hood), dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee maker nespresso, tea special T, kettle, toaster. The bedroom has a large walk-in closet and drawers under the bed to store all your belongings. Access to the bathroom with the room: sink, mirror and storage, shower and tub wall. Separate toilet. Elevator, security code and intercom In summary this apartment is ideally located for a pleasant Parisian experience where you feel at home!	Very nice 2 rooms apartment in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, 5 minutes walk from the rue Montorgueil, its small restaurants and cafes. Close to 4 different underground lines 3 min walk. Apartment decor bright design, living room of 25 m2 with 3,60 m ceiling without opposite will delight you for sure .. For music lovers, you can even improvise some notes on our piano or our guitar! In the lounge you can enjoy your music with wireless connectivity on quality speakers with all your devices: Smartphone, tablet and computer, etc. ... Broadband internet and wifi access, HD TV. The kitchen is fully equipped with 2 ceramic hobs (+ hood), dishwasher, washing machine, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee maker nespresso, tea special T, kettle, toaster. The bedroom has a large walk-in closet and drawers under the bed to store all your belongings. Access to the bathroom with the room: sink, mirror and storage, shower and tub wall. Separate toilet. Elevator, security code and intercom In summary this
29618	This apartment has an excellent location and exceptional furnishings. Apartment for up to 5 people. Two bedrooms with double king size bed and a sofa bed of quality in the living room . Very comfortable bedding, high standard. Very spacious bathroom with bath and shower, toilet in the bathroom and an additional separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and has all the utensils necessary for cooking. Microwave, Nespresso machine, fridge and dishwasher. Flat screen TV, TV channels: BBC, BBC, CNBC, Euronews, Canal + Sonos audio equipment. Free WIFI.	Rayz @ Home is ideal for a family holiday! Located between Place Vendôme and the Rue de la Paix, in a quiet street, this apartment of 67square meters has a central location in a chic and historic district. This apartment has an excellent location and exceptional furnishings. Apartment for up to 5 people. Two bedrooms with double king size bed and a sofa bed of quality in the living room . Very comfortable bedding, high standard. Very spacious bathroom with bath and shower, toilet in the bathroom and an additional separate toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and has all the utensils necessary for cooking. Microwave, Nespresso machine, fridge and dishwasher. Flat screen TV, TV channels: BBC, BBC, CNBC, Euronews, Canal + Sonos audio equipment. Free WIFI. From the airport From Paris (Roissy) Charles de Gaulle airport: - By bus, take the Roissy Bus shuttle service (departs every 15 minutes), alight at Rue Scribe, then it’s just a few minutes’ walk to the hotel. - By taxi, it will cost app
29619	Le logement est un élégant studio de 25 m² tout confort et tout équipé. Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir!	Joli petit studio, plein centre de Paris (2 minutes du Louvre), quartier historique et animé.  Certainement le logement idéal pour votre séjour dans la capital! Le logement est un élégant studio de 25 m² tout confort et tout équipé. Nous serons ravis de vous accueillir! Les voyageurs peuvent se rendre à l'adresse indiqué par de nombreux transports:  -Métro 1, 9, 3, 4, 8 -RER A, B, D et E -De nombreux bus L'entrée de l'immeuble est simplement muni d'un digicode, nous prendrons rendez-vous pour vous ouvrir et vous remettre les clés selon vos disponibilités.
29620	You will dispose of numerous equipments in this 28m2 habitation including a kitchenette and a bathroom, to live a nice experience.      Become yourself a Parisian during your stay, and come to rest after an eventful day in Paris. No additional fees! Check-in and check-out times flexible and also according to guests arrangements. P.S. : The flat is on floor 2 without elevator.	 In the heart of the celebrity Royal Palace neighborhood, near the Louvre museum and the Seine river, this bright and furnished studio apartment can receive two people in a comfortable space, preserved from the city stress. You will dispose of numerous equipments in this 28m2 habitation including a kitchenette and a bathroom, to live a nice experience.      Become yourself a Parisian during your stay, and come to rest after an eventful day in Paris. No additional fees! Check-in and check-out times flexible and also according to guests arrangements. P.S. : The flat is on floor 2 without elevator. The utilization of these various elements listed below are included during your stay :  - Nespresso machine  - Electric stove  - Combined oven  - Refrigerator  - Tablewares and kitchenwares  - Hairdryer  - Clothing iron  - Towels, sheets, blanket  - Soap, shampoo  - Wifi, HDTV  - Electric fan P.S : There is no washing machine. I will be reachable at any time during your stay Logical departure o
29621	Beautiful appartment in the center of Paris at Etienne Marcel (75001). The appartment is on the 5th floor with a tiny elevator. The bedroom is spacious with a big confortable double bed. The room is also very quiet.   The living room is big, confortable and welcoming. The bathroom has a very large bathtub. We have a washing machine and we furnish towels and clean sheets. We are welcoming people and we are willing to advise and help you on anything. The metro station is only 50m away from the apartment. You can take it either at L4 Etienne Marcel or any line at Chatelet les Halles. There is also a great area for shopping only 5 minutes walking. A lot of stores, bars, restaurants and nightclubs in the neighborhood. You are also 10 minutes walking from the Louvre and 15 minutes to Notre Dame. 	Beautiful appartment in the center of Paris at Etienne Marcel (75001). The appartment is on the 5th floor with a tiny elevator. The bedroom is spacious with a big confortable double bed. The room is also very quiet.   The living room is big, confortable and welcoming. The bathroom has a very large bathtub. We have a washing machine and we furnish towels and clean sheets. We are welcoming people and we are willing to advise and help you on anything. The metro station is only 50m away from the apartment. You can take it either at L4 Etienne Marcel or any line at Chatelet les Halles. There is also a great area for shopping only 5 minutes walking. A lot of stores, bars, restaurants and nightclubs in the neighborhood. You are also 10 minutes walking from the Louvre and 15 minutes to Notre Dame. M° Etienne Marcel, line 4 or any line in Chatelêt Couples are welcomed.
29622	AMENITIES : -Charming Parisian apartment with modern style and comfort - Washer/dryer, iron and board and hairdryer provided - Free WiFi connection and cable television.   This 70 sqm apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Parisian residential apartment building.  The apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture blended with modern elements to create of blend of old and new.  The entire flat reflects a feeling of calm and tranquility so it is the perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing. Upon entering, there is a large entry way with a coat rack where you can store your belonings.  You are then greeted by a long and luminous hallway.  There is a spacious living area with a comfortable sofa which can be converted into a bed to sleep 2 people.  There is a flat-screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels.  Two large sets of windows open up to a quaint Parisian street below.   Off of the living room you will find a dining tabl	70 sqm, 1 Large Bedroom with En-suite Bathroom,1 WC, 1 Kitchen, 1 Dining Area, 1 Living Room, Sleeps 4 AMENITIES : -Charming Parisian apartment with modern style and comfort - Washer/dryer, iron and board and hairdryer provided - Free WiFi connection and cable television.   This 70 sqm apartment is located on the second floor of a typical Parisian residential apartment building.  The apartment has beautiful Parisian architecture blended with modern elements to create of blend of old and new.  The entire flat reflects a feeling of calm and tranquility so it is the perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing. Upon entering, there is a large entry way with a coat rack where you can store your belonings.  You are then greeted by a long and luminous hallway.  There is a spacious living area with a comfortable sofa which can be converted into a bed to sleep 2 people.  There is a flat-screen television with a mix of French, English and foreign language channels.  Two large sets of 
29623	"Direct to terrace with rooftop views of Paris Roomed is locked and private. Daily interaction as your are part of a large artistic residential apartment It's in the heart of Paris. One side is ""quartier populaire"" full of restaurants and funky street life. The other side you can (5 minute walk) visit rue Montorgeuil - the 5th most visited street in Paris. The British Queen stopped-off there to get some croissants for breakfast! Metro stop is Strasbourg St Denis which has 3 major lines. Also there are 2 velib stands and even an Autolib for those people who want to rent an electric car to get around Paris. "	"Direct to terrace with rooftop views of Paris Roomed is locked and private. Daily interaction as your are part of a large artistic residential apartment It's in the heart of Paris. One side is ""quartier populaire"" full of restaurants and funky street life. The other side you can (5 minute walk) visit rue Montorgeuil - the 5th most visited street in Paris. The British Queen stopped-off there to get some croissants for breakfast! Metro stop is Strasbourg St Denis which has 3 major lines. Also there are 2 velib stands and even an Autolib for those people who want to rent an electric car to get around Paris. "
29624	l'appartement est situé au coeur de Paris, dans le marché Montorgeuil, 2 chambres a coucher et un grand séjour avec une cuisine us, il est entièrement équipé machine a laver et vaisselle  l'appartement est au 4éme étage sans ascanseur	Charment appartement dans la rue piétonne Montorgueil, quartier très recherché et animé,nombreux restaurant bars, idéalement situé pour visiter Paris, a 15min des muséesLouvre/Georges Pompidou, l'appartement est au 4eme étage sans ascenseur l'appartement est situé au coeur de Paris, dans le marché Montorgeuil, 2 chambres a coucher et un grand séjour avec une cuisine us, il est entièrement équipé machine a laver et vaisselle  l'appartement est au 4éme étage sans ascanseur appartement entierement meublé, le linge de maison fourni/ TV/WIFI/ Inetrnet quartier très animé, c'est une rue pietonne avec un marché, nombreux restaurants / bars / Magasin un quartier incontournable au coeur de paris pour les touristes, nombreux transports RER/BUS/Métro RER Chatelet les halles  Métro: les halles ou Sentier
29625	The location is amazing!	The location is amazing! - Wifi - A book with best secret spots of Paris - Nespresso machine - Towels + shampoo + ... - I can help easily at anytime with all the tips you will need to enjoy your trip in Paris! Convenient and centrally located in a quiet street in 10/15 minutes walk from the best spots in Paris! The flat is located in Sentier - Montorgueil - Marais area which offer of a large choice of activities, musuems, bars... The place is located near to the next metro stations : - Station Sentier : Metro line 3 - Station Bonne nouvelle : Metro line 8 - 9 - Station Strasbourg Saint-Denis : Metro line 4 -8 - 9 
29626	This 90 m2 apartment, perfectly equipped and functional will allow you to have an unforgettable stay right in the heart of the capital, between the Louvre, Les Halles, the stock exchange and the Palais Royal. Alive and typically Parisian district.	An apart perfectly equipped will allow you to have an unforgettable stay right in the heart of the capital. Alive and typically Parisian district. Share appt with 2 persons. This 90 m2 apartment, perfectly equipped and functional will allow you to have an unforgettable stay right in the heart of the capital, between the Louvre, Les Halles, the stock exchange and the Palais Royal. Alive and typically Parisian district. Situated under roof, in the 7th floor with elevator of an office building, you will benefit from a very beautiful view to the East and  to the West on the roofs of Paris and an exceptional light. An ethnic touch gives some charm to this place. Access to a fully-equiped kitchen. A bathroom with bathtub / shower is shared with the 2 other persons. Separate toilet. I'll be pleased to help you to make your stay in Paris the best possible. Alive and typically Parisian district. Walking distances for tourist places : Musée du Louvre, Pont des Arts, Notre-Dame, Centre Pompidou, 
29627	It is extremely well laid out for its size (20M2), and you’ll find it a perfect home for a short or longer stay as a couple or alone: a livingroom/bedroom with brand new queen size double ded (1.40x1.90 cm). Washing machine, Wifi, telephone , TV on my computer (27 inches Mac), all provided without surcharge.	In the heart of Paris’s second arrondissement, a short walk from the Louvre and the Marais, with the Seine at 5 min by feet.  150 metres from Les Halles RER subway station, which has a direct connection to  CDG Airport It is extremely well laid out for its size (20M2), and you’ll find it a perfect home for a short or longer stay as a couple or alone: a livingroom/bedroom with brand new queen size double ded (1.40x1.90 cm). Washing machine, Wifi, telephone , TV on my computer (27 inches Mac), all provided without surcharge. You can ask whatever you want, if i have time i can do it !! ;)  My apartment is very quiet, (so rare in Paris) and very bright because it is at the 5th floor. (without elevator) 500m from Chatelet les halles RER (direct from CDG and Orly airports)
29628		"Pictures coming... Montorgueil District  is a wonderful pedestrian area.  When going out of the building, go right, then left on Rue Réaumur. Take the third street on your right. With the Rue des petits carreaux, the Montorgueil District begins. Zigzag and find small businesses, bars and restaurant. Don't miss the Rue Montmartre. Or go straight to Châtelet-Les Halles, and go window shopping at the shopping center ""Forum des Halles"". 7mins walking from here you'll find the Museum of Modern Art called Beaubourg. Take Rue Rambuteau, it is straight. You won't miss it, it's huge :-) and full of colorful pipes. Download the RATP App (public transport) or Move it App. Enter your destination and let it be your guide!"
29629	Chic, romantic Paris studio apartment, 6th floor (with elevator), fully furnished, great natural light, and excellent views from 4 balconies. The flat has a double bed, including fresh linens and four pillows. There is a working fire place, a sofa with pull out bed, complimentary wifi internet access and computer workstation (apple iMac). The kitchen contains an oven, stove, cookware, dishes, glasses and silverware, as well as a Nespresso machine with complimentary coffee capsules. The private bathroom is furnished with towels, wash cloths, hair dryer and basic toiletries. An iron and ironing board are available on request. A computer printer is also available on request so you can print your boarding passes and tickets. Everything you need for a comfortable stay is provided - you need to bring only your clothes and a toothbrush! The apartment is owned by a Franco-American couple. French, English and German are spoken fluently. This the perfect place for a truly memorable visit to Pari	Chic, romantic Paris studio apartment, 6th floor (with elevator), fully furnished, great natural light, and excellent views from four balconies. Centrally located with abundant access to metro lines, local restaurants and shops.  Chic, romantic Paris studio apartment, 6th floor (with elevator), fully furnished, great natural light, and excellent views from 4 balconies. The flat has a double bed, including fresh linens and four pillows. There is a working fire place, a sofa with pull out bed, complimentary wifi internet access and computer workstation (apple iMac). The kitchen contains an oven, stove, cookware, dishes, glasses and silverware, as well as a Nespresso machine with complimentary coffee capsules. The private bathroom is furnished with towels, wash cloths, hair dryer and basic toiletries. An iron and ironing board are available on request. A computer printer is also available on request so you can print your boarding passes and tickets. Everything you need for a comfortable s
29630	Ce studio peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes et il est très chaleureux.  Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis. Vous trouverez en plus du thé et du café (cafetière nespresso).  The studio can adequately accomodate 2 people and is snug and comfy. Sheets and towels are provided. Tea and coffee making facilities are available as well (nespresso coffee machine). Il est très central, donnant sur une cour donc calme, et il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Juste à la porte il y a une station Velib pour les plus courageux. The studio is in a very central location, and it opens onto a courtyard (so peaceful). All the public means of transportation are close at hand. There is as well, for the bravest among you, a velib' station just outside the building (you can rent bikes).	Studio pour 2 situé dans un des très vieux immeubles du centre de Paris (Montorgueil St Denis) Très agréable et sympathique.  Cozy studio in a typical building situated in the center of Paris (Montorgueil St Denis). Very pleasant accomodation for two people, opens onto a courtyard. Ce studio peut accueillir confortablement 2 personnes et il est très chaleureux.  Les draps et serviettes de toilette sont fournis. Vous trouverez en plus du thé et du café (cafetière nespresso).  The studio can adequately accomodate 2 people and is snug and comfy. Sheets and towels are provided. Tea and coffee making facilities are available as well (nespresso coffee machine). Il est très central, donnant sur une cour donc calme, et il est très bien desservi par les transports en commun. Juste à la porte il y a une station Velib pour les plus courageux. The studio is in a very central location, and it opens onto a courtyard (so peaceful). All the public means of transportation are close at hand. There is as
29631	Soyez les très bienvenus chez nous !! Au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur  2-3 pièces (chambre - couloir - double séjour)  Cuisine toute équipée  Spacieuse salle de bain moderne avec eau chaude à volonté  Literie très confortable  Calme et lumineux (2 grandes baies vitrés !)  Appartement fonctionnel avec de nombreux rangements et plan adapté  Quartier très vivant et tendance	Un appartement très agréable à vivre !  70m2, idéalement situé au cœur du quartier piéton de Montorgueil  La déco est un mélange de meubles contemporains et chinés  L'appartement est baigné de lumière, chaleureux et très spacieux Soyez les très bienvenus chez nous !! Au 3 ème étage avec ascenseur  2-3 pièces (chambre - couloir - double séjour)  Cuisine toute équipée  Spacieuse salle de bain moderne avec eau chaude à volonté  Literie très confortable  Calme et lumineux (2 grandes baies vitrés !)  Appartement fonctionnel avec de nombreux rangements et plan adapté  Quartier très vivant et tendance
29632	"In the very heart of Paris and the pedestrian Montorgueil ""Village"", the apartment (duplex), located on the top two floors, is very quiet with fantastic luminosity You will have:  1 bedroom with kingsize double bed 1 children's room with a cot and child bed 1 room with a sofa bed for 2 ( + sofa bed in the living room may you need it)"	"85 sq meter duplex (915 ft²) in Montorgueil pedestrian village in the very heart of Paris. Only 2 minutes walk from Le Louvre and 10 minutes from the Galeries Lafayette and the Opera. Very Quiet and designed by an architect in 2014.  In the very heart of Paris and the pedestrian Montorgueil ""Village"", the apartment (duplex), located on the top two floors, is very quiet with fantastic luminosity You will have:  1 bedroom with kingsize double bed 1 children's room with a cot and child bed 1 room with a sofa bed for 2 ( + sofa bed in the living room may you need it) Fully equipped kitchen with oven, microwave, induction hob, dishwasher ... Large Screen TV, DVD player B&O wireless sound system Wireless Internet Access PC  Bathroom with bathtub I will be here to welcome you if possible.  Arrival and departure hours are flexible. There are city guides and touristic information available in the apartment. The Montorgueil Village is very lively, and offers a wide variety of shops, bars, restau"
29633	Jolie poutres apparentes	Studio 22m2 poutres apparentes idéal pour visiter paris très centrale Jolie poutres apparentes Le quartier montorgueuil est a 5min a pied et rejoindre Les Halles à 10min  le metro est juste en face idéal pour visiter Je peux conseiller des endroits où sortir faire la fête, boire un verre, expo, restaurant mais je ne resterai pas avec les voyageurs. La vie de quartier! Metro sorti boulevard Bonne Nouvelle traversé vous y êtes!
29634	central paris 10th arrondissement we propose a large and atypic apartment of 1100 sqft weather a couple or a group of adults and one child bedroom there is a large living room a kitchen three seperate bedrooms bathroom extra bed for in the living room 2nd floor with elevator very quiet in a large courtyard pretty confortable and well equipped with all you need for a great stay in paris of course internet adsl cable tv and wifi are included	central paris 10th arrondissement we propose a large and atypic apartment of 1100 sqft weather a couple or a group of adults and one child bedroom there is a large living room a kitchen three seperate bedrooms bathroom extra bed for in the living room 2nd floor with elevator very quiet in a large courtyard pretty confortable and well equipped with all you need for a great stay in paris of course internet adsl cable tv and wifi are included cccc ccc ccc ccc ccc
29635	Enjoy your stay in Paris like a real Parisian by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris. In this beautiful 25 M² apartment, located rue Beauregard, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, you will enjoy the neighbourhood. One of the best places to get an impression of “old Paris” is rue Montorgueil, Paris’s oldest market street. As ever, this delightful, grey-tiled street is lined with fruit/vegetable markets, famous restaurants, quaint cafés, bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, butchers, fishmongers. You may feel transported in time as you stroll in this lovely, authentic and pedestrian area of Paris, in the centre of the city. You will be at walking distance from the Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame, as well as Le Marais & the Latin Quarter, les Champs Elysées… Since we are parisian, we will indicate you all the good shopping deals and place to go in Paris. Apartment description :  - 1st floor in a very quiet street, facing the shortest street of Paris (	Nice and quiet totally renovated 2013 studio for 2 to 4 people, in the strategic center of Paris, between  Montorgueil /  Grands Boulevards area.  The place can be extended with the neighboring other studio to welcome up to 8 people  Enjoy your stay in Paris like a real Parisian by choosing a luxury equipped apartment rental in the heart of Paris. In this beautiful 25 M² apartment, located rue Beauregard, in the heart of the 2nd arrondissement, you will enjoy the neighbourhood. One of the best places to get an impression of “old Paris” is rue Montorgueil, Paris’s oldest market street. As ever, this delightful, grey-tiled street is lined with fruit/vegetable markets, famous restaurants, quaint cafés, bakeries, cheese shops, wine shops, butchers, fishmongers. You may feel transported in time as you stroll in this lovely, authentic and pedestrian area of Paris, in the centre of the city. You will be at walking distance from the Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Notre Dame, as well as Le Marais & t
29636	65 sq.m apartment for 2 persons with separate bedroom. Large living room with an open kitchen: induction hob, conventional oven, steam oven, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine, blender, toaster, LED TV, Internet access, Bose sound system and a wine cellar. Large air-conditioned room with a big separate closet. Double Tempur-pedic bed. Bathroom: shower, separate toilet. Washer dryer.	Located in the heart of Paris, in the theater district, my apartment offers the best comfort with a sleek design. Lots of shops around the corner. Underground at the foot of the building; Louvre, Marais Beaubourg 15 minutes walk. 65 sq.m apartment for 2 persons with separate bedroom. Large living room with an open kitchen: induction hob, conventional oven, steam oven, fridge, Nespresso coffee machine, blender, toaster, LED TV, Internet access, Bose sound system and a wine cellar. Large air-conditioned room with a big separate closet. Double Tempur-pedic bed. Bathroom: shower, separate toilet. Washer dryer. Bed linen and towels provided. Housekeeping available during your stay (surcharge). Happening area of Paris with lots of trendy bars. At the heart of Paris. 10 minutes from Gare du Nord. Underground lines 3,4,8&9 Public parking garage (surcharge) in the building. Deposit of €900 Household compulsory €90 Pets not allowed Non smoking only
29637	Le logement est idéalement situé au niveau des transports, à moins de 500 m, il y les lignes de métro 3-4-8-9-1-7-RERB-RERA.   Il est calme et sécurisé avec une porte blindée et un interphone à l'entrée de l'immeuble. Le salon, plein sud, donne sur une rue calme et la chambre donne sur une cour. L'appartement se trouve à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil (restaurants, commerces et bars).  	Le logement est idéalement situé au niveau des transports, à moins de 500 m, il y les lignes de métro 3-4-8-9-1-7-RERB-RERA.   Il est calme et sécurisé avec une porte blindée et un interphone à l'entrée de l'immeuble. Le salon, plein sud, donne sur une rue calme et la chambre donne sur une cour. L'appartement se trouve à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil (restaurants, commerces et bars).  
29638	The guest keeps his independance and privacy. Sharing together the minimum, then it's up to the guest to feel at home.	A 40 m2 flat situated in a calm pedestrian street across the typical Montorgueil st. Bright and cosy flat in the centre of Paris, 2 min walk from Châtelet the central metro station. The guest keeps his independance and privacy. Sharing together the minimum, then it's up to the guest to feel at home. Own bedroom with a comfortable futon, kitchen, bathroom, equipments... Used to do couchsurfing, so exchanging is pretty interesting. Sociable, I like to host people and make their trip a bit better by cooking, chatting, watching movies, showing around... This area is a quiet place with one of the most typical parisian street (Montorgueil). You can find everything, many shops and many kinds of restaurants. Close to the main metro station, it's easy to get there when you get off in Paris by plane or train. RER B (train) from airports to Châtelet metro station. Any train station to Châtelet metro station.
29639	Because I often travel for work, I naturally thought of leaving my Parisian flat for tourists when I am away. The apartment is a charming 2 rooms of 35m², fully furnished, located in the 2nd district, that is to say, in the heart of Paris. The apartment is on the 4th floor (NO elevator) of a typical Parisian building. The apartment consists of: - A LIVING ROOM with a large sofa, coffee table and flat screen TV. - A KITCHEN AREA fully equipped (fridge, microwave, 2 hotplates, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, ...) - An ENTRANCE HALL that overlooks the living room on one side and the chamber on the other. - A ROOM about 15 m2 with a real bed 2 places, a wardrobe and a small desk. - A BATHROOM with shower, sink and a window - WC with window. 	The apartment is a charming flat of 35m², fully furnished, located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, which is in the heart of the capital. It is on the 4th floor (NO elevator) of a typical Parisian building. M Strasbourg Saint-Denis or Bonne Nouvel Because I often travel for work, I naturally thought of leaving my Parisian flat for tourists when I am away. The apartment is a charming 2 rooms of 35m², fully furnished, located in the 2nd district, that is to say, in the heart of Paris. The apartment is on the 4th floor (NO elevator) of a typical Parisian building. The apartment consists of: - A LIVING ROOM with a large sofa, coffee table and flat screen TV. - A KITCHEN AREA fully equipped (fridge, microwave, 2 hotplates, washing machine, Nespresso coffee machine, ...) - An ENTRANCE HALL that overlooks the living room on one side and the chamber on the other. - A ROOM about 15 m2 with a real bed 2 places, a wardrobe and a small desk. - A BATHROOM with shower, sink and a window - WC with
29640	Welcome in my apartment!  This charming studio, closed to the metro Opera, is at less than 2 minutes from Tuilerie garden, Palais Royal and the famous Galeries Lafayette. Perfect for a nice journey in Paris, the studio is 27 sq. meter (290 sq ft), fully furnished with a double bed, a dinner table and internet connection. Very quiet and sunny, the studio is located on the fourth floor with a typical view in a Parisian patio. The kitchen part is separated of the main room and is also fully equipped. You'll find a fridge, a micro-waves, a toaster, a washing machine and all you need to cook. The bathroom is separated of the main room by a curtain , fitted with a shower, a washbowl with mirror, a hair dryer, a towel dryer and the toilets.   LOCATION: the apartment is located on rue de la Michodière in 2nd arrondissement, nearby metro Opera (line 8, 7, 3, RER A, and several bus stops as the airport Roissy bus) You can reach walking the Louvre Museum (less than 10 min), Vendome Place (less th	Welcome in my apartment!  This charming studio, closed to the metro Opera, is at less than 2 minutes from Tuilerie garden, Palais Royal and the famous Galeries Lafayette. Perfect for a nice journey in Paris, the studio is 27 sq. meter (290 sq ft), fully furnished with a double bed, a dinner table and internet connection. Very quiet and sunny, the studio is located on the fourth floor with a typical view in a Parisian patio. The kitchen part is separated of the main room and is also fully equipped. You'll find a fridge, a micro-waves, a toaster, a washing machine and all you need to cook. The bathroom is separated of the main room by a curtain , fitted with a shower, a washbowl with mirror, a hair dryer, a towel dryer and the toilets.   LOCATION: the apartment is located on rue de la Michodière in 2nd arrondissement, nearby metro Opera (line 8, 7, 3, RER A, and several bus stops as the airport Roissy bus) You can reach walking the Louvre Museum (less than 10 min), Vendome Place (less th
29641	A Loft in the heart of Paris just near the Montorgueil District and La Place des Victoires with its restaurants, bars and french fashion boutiques. The perfect place to go out at night and to go shopping. It's also at just 15 minutes walking from famous places as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Le Palais Royal, Centre Pompidou, Opera and department store Galeries Lafayette. The Flat is calm and well equiped (TV, Internet Wifi, ,micro wave, nespresso machine)... 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  2 double beds (including one on a mezzanine) and 1 single bed. A baby bed and a confortable double airbed are also available.  Metro lines: Line 3 at 3 minutes, (Bourse ou Sentier), Line (email hidden) Line A (direct to St Germain en Laye and Disneyland Paris) at 7mn Line B (direct to CDG and Orly (email hidden) (les Halles) 	A Loft in the heart of Paris just near the Montorgueil District and La Place des Victoires with its restaurants, bars and french fashion boutiques. The perfect place to go out at night and to go shopping. It's also at just 15 minutes walking from famous places as Le Marais, Le Louvre, Le Palais Royal, Centre Pompidou, Opera and department store Galeries Lafayette. The Flat is calm and well equiped (TV, Internet Wifi, ,micro wave, nespresso machine)... 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  2 double beds (including one on a mezzanine) and 1 single bed. A baby bed and a confortable double airbed are also available.  Metro lines: Line 3 at 3 minutes, (Bourse ou Sentier), Line (email hidden) Line A (direct to St Germain en Laye and Disneyland Paris) at 7mn Line B (direct to CDG and Orly (email hidden) (les Halles) 
29642	Appartement neuf !  A 3 minutes à pied du quartier Montorgueil A 5 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards, du Palais Royal et des Halles A 10 min en vélo de Notre Dame A 15 min en vélo des Champs Elysées 2/3 pièces.  Le salon, équipé d'un écran plat, lecteur DVD, TV avec câble. Canapé 3 places.  La cuisine entièrement équipée avec grand frigidaire, 4 plaques à induction, micro ondes, grand lave vaisselle.  Table de 4 personnes, capable de se transformer pour inviter plus de monde.  Salle de bain avec grande douche, toilette, évier, chauffe serviette Chambre avec lit pour deux personnes, grand rangement des deux cotés et au dessus du lit Machine a laver le linge dans la chambre. Le second couchage est un canapé-lit pour deux personnes situé dans le salon. Bureau avec plus de 200 DVD à votre disposition, deux fauteuils de bureau.  Dans chaque pièce une fenêtre avec double vitrage.  Du vrai parquet dans tout l'appartement.  Connexion Wifi garantie !  Pour les arrivées tardives: Entre 20H et	Appartement neuf !  A 3 minutes à pied du quartier Montorgueil A 5 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards, du Palais Royal et des Halles A 10 min en vélo de Notre Dame A 15 min en vélo des Champs Elysées Appartement neuf !  A 3 minutes à pied du quartier Montorgueil A 5 minutes à pied des Grands Boulevards, du Palais Royal et des Halles A 10 min en vélo de Notre Dame A 15 min en vélo des Champs Elysées 2/3 pièces.  Le salon, équipé d'un écran plat, lecteur DVD, TV avec câble. Canapé 3 places.  La cuisine entièrement équipée avec grand frigidaire, 4 plaques à induction, micro ondes, grand lave vaisselle.  Table de 4 personnes, capable de se transformer pour inviter plus de monde.  Salle de bain avec grande douche, toilette, évier, chauffe serviette Chambre avec lit pour deux personnes, grand rangement des deux cotés et au dessus du lit Machine a laver le linge dans la chambre. Le second couchage est un canapé-lit pour deux personnes situé dans le salon. Bureau avec plus de 200 DVD à votre
29643	You are in the center of beautiful Paris, in an area full of attractions and activities not to be missed. The location is ideal for those who want to explore the city, especially by foot, and thus avoid long metro rides. You are surrounded by the most beautiful neighborhoods and the most famous tourist sights in the City of Light, since you are right near the Louvre, Palais Royal and the Rue de Saint Honoré. The bohemian, enchanting Marais section is also very close, a good place for bars and trend-setting shops, not to be missed! The unusual Pompidou Centre is less than 10 minutes away, as are the banks of the Seine, for you to enjoy the charm of this city. On the other side is the intellectual district around the Sorbonne, next to the Pantheon. Your charming studio has a very pleasing decor and makes very good use of space. Your sofa bed is in a unique and pleasant environment that has a lot of charm thanks to the glass ceiling. Next to this is a large open area with access to a smal	Very functional, charming and cosy studio ideally situated in the center of Paris. You are in the center of beautiful Paris, in an area full of attractions and activities not to be missed. The location is ideal for those who want to explore the city, especially by foot, and thus avoid long metro rides. You are surrounded by the most beautiful neighborhoods and the most famous tourist sights in the City of Light, since you are right near the Louvre, Palais Royal and the Rue de Saint Honoré. The bohemian, enchanting Marais section is also very close, a good place for bars and trend-setting shops, not to be missed! The unusual Pompidou Centre is less than 10 minutes away, as are the banks of the Seine, for you to enjoy the charm of this city. On the other side is the intellectual district around the Sorbonne, next to the Pantheon. Your charming studio has a very pleasing decor and makes very good use of space. Your sofa bed is in a unique and pleasant environment that has a lot of charm t
29644	Charming pied-a-terre for 1 or 2 people in double bed, in front of the Bourse monument, at the very heart of Paris, a stroll away from the main monuments, and close to some of the most famous old Parisian restaurants and brasseries. The studio is in an entirely renovated building (only historical walls have been kept), fully secured, decorated with marble and exotic wood for the stairwell, bronze wall lamp, huge chandeliers, and a flowery courtyard. Access possible by lift Immediate access to secured and closed parking (100 m) Do not hesitate to contact me for more informations or availability request.	Charming pied-a-terre for 1 or 2 people in double bed, in front of the Bourse monument, at the very heart of Paris, a stroll away from the main monuments, and close to some of the most famous old Parisian restaurants and brasseries. Charming pied-a-terre for 1 or 2 people in double bed, in front of the Bourse monument, at the very heart of Paris, a stroll away from the main monuments, and close to some of the most famous old Parisian restaurants and brasseries. The studio is in an entirely renovated building (only historical walls have been kept), fully secured, decorated with marble and exotic wood for the stairwell, bronze wall lamp, huge chandeliers, and a flowery courtyard. Access possible by lift Immediate access to secured and closed parking (100 m) Do not hesitate to contact me for more informations or availability request. The neighborhood, in the center of the 2nd district, is an historical spot which mixes advantages of business and residential areas : liveliness in day time 
29645		my apartment is design and quiet, in the very center of Paris 1er district. i love the places around and the Montorgueil street, all the resto, bars and stores for nice shopping.............;-) apart easy and confortable, on the 6th floor, nice view
29646		Trois pièces dans un appartement refait à neuf tout équipé. Peut loger jusqu'à 5 personnes (2 chambres doubles + canapé lit dans le salon). L'appartement est idéalement situé en plein coeur de Paris (quartiers Sentier, Grands Boulevards, Châtelet). 
29647	From this apartment, you are within walking distance of the Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, the Marais, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, and the quaint rue Montorgueil, where you can either shop for your goods and cook at home, or sit at a sidewalk table at one of the many excellent cafes and watch the city go by.   For all the other attractions in the city, the apartment is just around the corner from a metro stop with a direct line to the left bank, or one transfer to the Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Champs d'Elysees, etc.   You can save money getting to and from Charles de Gaulle airport by taking the train (instead of a taxi) direct to Chatelet.  The apartment is about a 5 minute walk.   The apartment has wifi, cable TV, free intl calls to fixed lines, a remodeled kitchen and bathroom, a double bed in the bedroom and a queen size sofa bed.  It overlooks a quiet garden courtyard where you are sure to get a good night's sleep.  But when you exit the front gate to the s	From this apartment, you are within walking distance of the Louvre Museum, Notre Dame, the Marais, Pompidou Modern Art Museum, the Tuileries Gardens, and the quaint rue Montorgueil, where you can either shop for your goods and cook at home, or sit at a sidewalk table at one of the many excellent cafes and watch the city go by.   For all the other attractions in the city, the apartment is just around the corner from a metro stop with a direct line to the left bank, or one transfer to the Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower, Champs d'Elysees, etc.   You can save money getting to and from Charles de Gaulle airport by taking the train (instead of a taxi) direct to Chatelet.  The apartment is about a 5 minute walk.   The apartment has wifi, cable TV, free intl calls to fixed lines, a remodeled kitchen and bathroom, a double bed in the bedroom and a queen size sofa bed.  It overlooks a quiet garden courtyard where you are sure to get a good night's sleep.  But when you exit the front gate to the s
29648	Bonjour,  Our unique 65 sq. meters apartment is right in the heart of Paris's 2nd arrondissement, the hip Grands Boulevard / Montorgueil district. Spend Time in Paris with the best boutiques, fresh food, cafes and restaurants right at your door!  Open the door and you will be greeted by light and an elegant use of space that takes your breath away. In a hotel particulier of the 18th century, our apartment with high ceiling it’s a totally modern, architect designed with design furniture.   There is a huge sunny lounge with a design couch where you can really relax, enjoy a glass of wine, looking a movie with a BOSE sound system and a film projector including a 3D DVD player, cable, complimentary high-speed Internet Wifi, … The open kitchen has everything you will need: oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, Smeg fridge, juicer, toaster, a full range of cooking items, … The large bedroom, with a king size bed and many pillows that sleeps two generously have a Smart TV and his own BOS	Luxury & Design apartment in the heart of Paris ! Perfect for who wants to enjoy Paris ! New flat and full equipped. All what you need in Paris ! Bonjour,  Our unique 65 sq. meters apartment is right in the heart of Paris's 2nd arrondissement, the hip Grands Boulevard / Montorgueil district. Spend Time in Paris with the best boutiques, fresh food, cafes and restaurants right at your door!  Open the door and you will be greeted by light and an elegant use of space that takes your breath away. In a hotel particulier of the 18th century, our apartment with high ceiling it’s a totally modern, architect designed with design furniture.   There is a huge sunny lounge with a design couch where you can really relax, enjoy a glass of wine, looking a movie with a BOSE sound system and a film projector including a 3D DVD player, cable, complimentary high-speed Internet Wifi, … The open kitchen has everything you will need: oven, microwave, Nespresso coffee machine, Smeg fridge, juicer, toaster, a 
29649	My place is located perfectly. It is next to one of the best Tripadvisor Hotel : 123 Sebastopol Hotel ranked 1/1793 hotels in (website hidden) cannot be located better! You'll make the most of the parisian life (Grands Boulevards, Le Marais, Rivoli are nearby..) I rent only one room (total : 2 rooms) please just ask me about your preferences as I have a roommate.	My place is located perfectly. It is next to one of the best Tripadvisor Hotel : 123 Sebastopol Hotel ranked 1/1793 hotels in (website hidden) cannot be located better! You'll make the most of the parisian life (Grands Boulevards, Le Marais, Rivoli are nearby..) I rent only one room (total : 2 rooms) please just ask me about your preferences as I have a roommate. -Kitchen -Bathroom -Wifi -Lift -Metro Station at 1 min: Strasbourg St Denis. Lines 4, 8, 9 Metro Station at 1 min : Réaumur Sebastopol : Line 3
29650	Ce studio de 35 m² est un véritable petit joyau au cœur de Paris. Un espace confortable sous les toits parisiens, décoré avec beaucoup de soin et d'attention aux détails.. L'appartement est fonctionnel avec une cuisine bien équipée : machine à café (Nespresso), grille-pain, four, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson et d'une bouilloire. Tout le nécessaire pour concocter de bons petits plats !  Il y a également une machine à laver, une télévision et l'accès au WIFI . Il dispose d'un lit double et d'un petit canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This 35-sqm studio is a real gem in the heart of Paris. A cosy space under parisian roofs with lots of care and attention to the details.. The apartment is functional with a well-equipped kitchen : coffee maker (Nespresso), toaster, oven, fridge, cooktop, and kettle. Everything to prepare good meals! There is also a washing machine, TV, and WIFI. There is	Located at the corner of rue du Louvre and Rue de Montmartre, this 35-sqm studio enjoys great brightness for its height (6th floor) with a direct view of the Rue du Louvre. Ce studio de 35 m² est un véritable petit joyau au cœur de Paris. Un espace confortable sous les toits parisiens, décoré avec beaucoup de soin et d'attention aux détails.. L'appartement est fonctionnel avec une cuisine bien équipée : machine à café (Nespresso), grille-pain, four, réfrigérateur, plaques de cuisson et d'une bouilloire. Tout le nécessaire pour concocter de bons petits plats !  Il y a également une machine à laver, une télévision et l'accès au WIFI . Il dispose d'un lit double et d'un petit canapé lit pouvant accueillir 2 personnes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This 35-sqm studio is a real gem in the heart of Paris. A cosy space under parisian roofs with lots of care and attention to the details.. The apartment is functional with a well-equip
29651	"This 30 square meters (+ 8m² of mezzanine) apartment, approx : 323 sqft, is located on rue Dussoubs in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris next to rue Montorgueil and not far from Forum des Halles. It consists of a living/dining room with a mezzanine, a bedroom, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all quality services to welcome up to 4 persons.  It is served by the metro station ""Réaumur-Sébastopol"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - refrigerator - Hob - Microwave - Kettle - Toaster - Coffee maker - Linen / towels - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 15 sqm - 161 sqft. It has a window facing West equipped with 3 chairs, 2 armchairs, a bed, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink and a hairdryer. the bedroom It is equipped with a d"	"This 30 square meters (+ 8m² of mezzanine) apartment, approx : 323 sqft, is located on rue Dussoubs in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris next to rue Montorgueil and not far from Forum des Halles. It consists of a living/dining room with a mezzanine, a bedroom, a separate equipped kitchen and a bathroom.  It will offer you all quality services to welcome up to 4 persons.  It is served by the metro station ""Réaumur-Sébastopol"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you : - digital code - Intercom - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - TV - International TV channels - refrigerator - Hob - Microwave - Kettle - Toaster - Coffee maker - Linen / towels - Washing machine - Dryer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room Surface of about 15 sqm - 161 sqft. It has a window facing West equipped with 3 chairs, 2 armchairs, a bed, a table and a coffee table. the bathroom It consists of a shower, a sink and a hairdryer. the bedroom It is equipped with a d"
29652	This flat has a double bedroom on the ground floor and another double bedroom on the first floor. Two bathrooms, one with shower and the other one with a bath tub.  The ceiling height is about 5 or 6m, the windows have a view of the internal patio of the building so it is vey quiet.	Great second floor duplex flat in superb location. This flat has a double bedroom on the ground floor and another double bedroom on the first floor. Two bathrooms, one with shower and the other one with a bath tub.  The ceiling height is about 5 or 6m, the windows have a view of the internal patio of the building so it is vey quiet. The beds are prepared with a fitted sheet and a Duvet with duvet cover, if you need extra bedding please order in advance. There will be a Bath Towel (140cm x 70cm) + Hand Towel (70cm x 50cm) for each guest, if you need extra towels please order in advance at an extra cost. There are also 2 tea towels available in the kitchen. After confirming the booking I send you a welcome letter with all information you will need, as for contacts and who will meet you at the apartment. As well as ask for some details to prepare a Holiday Rental Agreement for you to sign and forward back to me to speed up your check in process. A copy of your passport is required at chec
29653		Deux-pièces de charme typiquement parisien pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 5 personnes avec cuisine équipée face à l'église St Eustache, à 5 min à pied du métro, du Louvre, de la rue Montorgueil vous fera sentir comme chez vous!   
29654	Typically Parisian beautiful apartment of 70 m2 in a quiet and bright, it will bring you every comfort.  You are 5 minutes from the Louvre, the Georges Pompidou Centre, the Latin Quarter, the Seine, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier, department stores, happiness to your door.  This sumptuous apartment on the top floor facing south over the rooftops of Paris.  It sleeps 2 people, ideal for a couple, solid oak flooring.  The very warm and bright living room with view over Paris, sofa, chair, table Christian Liaigre, Bang Olufsen TV Flat Screen 100 CM, speaker Bang Olufsen.  The Boffi kitchen, is fully equipped with Miele ceramic hob, fridge, oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle, programmable coffee maker, toaster Magimix, and all dishes and utensils needed to cooking at home.  The room consists of a large new bed, extremely comfortable, tables, lamps.  There is a very large wardrobe built into the wall, or you can store all your stuff without problems.  The bathroom has a large shower, a sink	Beautiful Parisian apartment 74 m2 duplex with elevator, full heart of Paris.  The apartment was completely renovated by architect.  You will be quiet with very high-end equipment.  Bang Olufsen, Christian Liaigre, Miele, Boffi. Typically Parisian beautiful apartment of 70 m2 in a quiet and bright, it will bring you every comfort.  You are 5 minutes from the Louvre, the Georges Pompidou Centre, the Latin Quarter, the Seine, Notre Dame, the Opera Garnier, department stores, happiness to your door.  This sumptuous apartment on the top floor facing south over the rooftops of Paris.  It sleeps 2 people, ideal for a couple, solid oak flooring.  The very warm and bright living room with view over Paris, sofa, chair, table Christian Liaigre, Bang Olufsen TV Flat Screen 100 CM, speaker Bang Olufsen.  The Boffi kitchen, is fully equipped with Miele ceramic hob, fridge, oven, microwave, dishwasher, kettle, programmable coffee maker, toaster Magimix, and all dishes and utensils needed to cooking 
29655	 Its central position and proximity to the “Strasbourg – Saint Denis” metro station, where 3 train lines intersect, mean all areas of the capital are within easy reach.	Be welcome to my studio ! It's located in Paris’ historical textile quarter, situated in the 2nd arrondissement, Sentier lies between Boulevard de Sébastopol, Boulevard Poissonnière, Boulevard Bonne-Nouvelle and Rue Réaumur. There are a number of 
29656	Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift (the stairs are very easy to climb, and of course we will help you with the luggage upon arrival !). The access is secured with a door code. The windows are double glazed. The bedroom window overlook a calm courtyard. The living-room widows overlook the street and the paved place planted with trees. On the side of the opposite building you will see the big green wall. This 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom, it will sleep up to four guests in two beds : one in the bedroom, the other in the living-room. This apartment will also be great for a corporate client who needs an apartment for several months. The bedroom is right next to the entrance door. It is a quiet and luminous room, equipped with a queen size bed (160×200), a large closet for your clothes, and a sitting area with an armchair and a table. Then a corridor will lead you to the living-room. It has been recently renovated, furnished with a sofabed (to sleeps 140×200), 	Modern and luminous, this 45 sqm apartment suits up to four people, it is located in a lively area of Paris : the beloved Montorgueil ! Located on the 4th floor of a building without a lift (the stairs are very easy to climb, and of course we will help you with the luggage upon arrival !). The access is secured with a door code. The windows are double glazed. The bedroom window overlook a calm courtyard. The living-room widows overlook the street and the paved place planted with trees. On the side of the opposite building you will see the big green wall. This 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom, it will sleep up to four guests in two beds : one in the bedroom, the other in the living-room. This apartment will also be great for a corporate client who needs an apartment for several months. The bedroom is right next to the entrance door. It is a quiet and luminous room, equipped with a queen size bed (160×200), a large closet for your clothes, and a sitting area with an armchair and a
29657	The room you will get is the one you see on pictures ! There is one big bed (for 2 adults) and one simple bed for one adult. The two bed are convertible. There is a table you can eat on. There is TV and also Wi-Fi.	If you are in couple you will enjoy the old and iconic movie theater : The Grand Rex, one minute walk of the our place. You will enjoy the little  The room you will get is the one you see on pictures ! There is one big bed (for 2 adults) and one simple bed for one adult. The two bed are convertible. There is a table you can eat on. There is TV and also Wi-Fi. You will have a full access to the kitchen and the bathroom and the room you will paye for. Tips : we do not offer breakfast but just downstair the place there is a supermarket when you can buy thing to eat on the morning, you can use our fridge and everything to cook :) My boyfriend and I also live in the apartment but in an other room. So you will not have the apartment for you only, we have to share bathroom and kitchen ;) But we work a lot so we are mostly not there. If you have question on Paris and our neighborhood we will be more than happy to respond to them. We want to make you leave the real Parisian Experience :) As we 
29658	Although it is very central it is silent. Windows are new And of High Quality. The bed is very comfortable also : everything for good sleep ! It is also bright, especially in the morning.	Hyper central, nice 2-room flat 42m2, quiet and bright. Close to shops and easy access to every points of interest ( 3 metro lines at 5 minutes walk). Suitable for 2 couples (one double bed + one double convertible sofa). 5th floor NO ELEVATOR. Although it is very central it is silent. Windows are new And of High Quality. The bed is very comfortable also : everything for good sleep ! It is also bright, especially in the morning. Very central, many shops around, pubs (rue Montmartre, rue Montorgueil), cinémas (Grand Rex) and Theaters Metro Line 3 (Sentier) - 3 min walk Metro Line 8 & 9 - 3 min walk Metro Line 4 (Réaumur Sébastopol) - 10 min walk RER Line A&B (Les Halles) - 15 min walk - train from Charles de Gaulle airport stop here Bus 20 to go to Gare de Lyon (20 min).
29659	"This is a one bedroom apartment with an area of about 38 square meters,  located rue Beauregard in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. Just a few steps from Grands, Boulevards area. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator. It has a living / dining room, a bedroom, a fully equipped open kitchen and 1a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comforts for welcome up to 4 people traveling for leisure or business.  It is served by the metro station"" Bonne Nouvelle"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - Sofa-bed 140 cm wide - DVD player - towels / linen - refrigerator - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Washing machine - Dish washer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room : Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 sqft. It has 2 windows facing South and is equipped with a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 4 chair, a armchair, and a table. the bathroom : "	"This is a one bedroom apartment with an area of about 38 square meters,  located rue Beauregard in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris. Just a few steps from Grands, Boulevards area. It is located on the 4th floor without elevator. It has a living / dining room, a bedroom, a fully equipped open kitchen and 1a bathroom.  It will offer you all the modern comforts for welcome up to 4 people traveling for leisure or business.  It is served by the metro station"" Bonne Nouvelle"". Equipment of the apartment The following facilities are available to you: - Digital code - Electric Heating - Internet Access / WiFi - Television - Sofa-bed 140 cm wide - DVD player - towels / linen - refrigerator - Hob - Oven - Microwave - Toaster - kettle - Coffee maker - Washing machine - Dish washer - vacuum - Iron - Ironing board living/dining room : Surface of about 20 sqm - 215 sqft. It has 2 windows facing South and is equipped with a double sofa bed 140 cm wide, 4 chair, a armchair, and a table. the bathroom : "
29660	Calm and cozy 35 sqm appartment, very typical with wooden floor and exposed beams, in the very center of Paris, in the heart of lively and romantic Montorgueil, Paris 75002 ! The flat is located on the fourth floor (with no elevator). The street itself is pedestrian, in a trendy area, full of Parisian coffee bars and restaurants. The flat is fully equipped: Wifi Internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher... The flat has a bedroom separated from a living area by a glass sliding door.  The living area has kitchen, sitting room, sofa bed and a single bed. The flat is ideal for 2 people but you can be 3 or 4. can be very convenient for families.  The bathroom is separate and holds a WC and a shower.  The flat is very secure. Three metro station can be reached easily within five minutes : Sentier, Etienne Marcel, les Halles...  The main places of the historic center of Paris can be visited by walking (Louvre, Tuileries Garden, Opéra Garnier, Comédie Française, Centre Pompidou, Place des Vosg	*The flat is 35 sqm big  *The appartment is ideal for two guests  *There is 1 double bed in the bedroom +1 sofa bed and one single bed in the living room *The flat is on the 4th floor  Calm and cozy 35 sqm appartment, very typical with wooden floor and exposed beams, in the very center of Paris, in the heart of lively and romantic Montorgueil, Paris 75002 ! The flat is located on the fourth floor (with no elevator). The street itself is pedestrian, in a trendy area, full of Parisian coffee bars and restaurants. The flat is fully equipped: Wifi Internet, TV, washing machine, dishwasher... The flat has a bedroom separated from a living area by a glass sliding door.  The living area has kitchen, sitting room, sofa bed and a single bed. The flat is ideal for 2 people but you can be 3 or 4. can be very convenient for families.  The bathroom is separate and holds a WC and a shower.  The flat is very secure. Three metro station can be reached easily within five minutes : Sentier, Etienne Marc
29661	The apartment is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the elevator.  The apartment is very bright thanks to its large windows, particularly in the living room. The latter is made up of a well-equipped American kitchen, a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs and a flat screen TV.  It features two bedrooms: one with a 160 cm double bed and the second one with two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment decoration is sober and elegant. It features two bedrooms: one with a double bed and the second one with two single beds. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment decoration is sober and elegant.	This beautiful 56sqm apartment with 2 bedrooms is perfectly arranged and can accommodate up to 6 people. Its warm and sophisticated aspect will charm you. Fully-equipped, it will enable you to make the most of your stay. The apartment is located on the first floor, directly accessible by the elevator.  The apartment is very bright thanks to its large windows, particularly in the living room. The latter is made up of a well-equipped American kitchen, a dining table, a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs and a flat screen TV.  It features two bedrooms: one with a 160 cm double bed and the second one with two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment decoration is sober and elegant. It features two bedrooms: one with a double bed and the second one with two single beds. The bathroom includes a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment decoration is sober and eleg
29662	Un appartement de 78 m2 au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et calme. La cuisine et le salon sont orientés Sud et ne donnent pas sur la rue. Les 2 chambres ont du double vitrage. Il y a une chambre double et une chambre avec 2 couchage de lits superposés. 	Au cœur de Paris, 4 couchages (1 lit dbl 2 lits spl), quartier commerçants. 10 minutes à pied des loisirs (théâtres, cinéma, Galeries Lafayette/ Printemps, Les Halles, Le Marais, Les Tuileries, Le Louvre, Saint Honoré...) et de tous les transports.. Un appartement de 78 m2 au 6ème étage avec ascenseur, très lumineux et calme. La cuisine et le salon sont orientés Sud et ne donnent pas sur la rue. Les 2 chambres ont du double vitrage. Il y a une chambre double et une chambre avec 2 couchage de lits superposés. Le Sentier de Paris, cœur de la confection textile, est un quartier extrêmement vivant et haut en couleurs ! Le quartier est au centre de Paris, en accès direct avec les lignes de métro, bus, stations de taxi...
29663	The appartment has got a réal charm with its artist workshop window wall style in between the bedroom And living room.  Well decorated , it s cosy And confortable.  The appartement is in the center of Paris so close to every place.  By Metro or bus you can  get easily  And within 20 mn maximum to champs elysees, département stores galeries Lafayette & printemps , south Pigalle or Monmartre . You can also walk  to Palais Royal, Louvre And tuileries  in 10 minutes. Or even  take a 15 minutes bicycle ride to saint germain or marais. The main subway lines in les halles, 5 minutes walk from the appartment.  The Line 3 also at the end of the montorgueil street.  A lot of Buses (nber29,nber67,nber85,nber74) 3 minutes walking And a lot of velib bicycle stations	My appartement is a nice atypic loft style cosy home (38 square meters) for 2 people who like living in a lively area It s located in the pedestrian area of montorgueil, a district right in the center of paris, wellknown for its good food shops, nice restaurants & bars.
29664	The flat is 100m2 with three large double bedrooms, one large living room, a dressing, a kitchen, a bathroom (shower + bath) and second toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and we also have a washing machine as well a tumble dryer.  The living room is very nice and ideal to chill in: big flat screen TV, wifi, two large sofas and an amazing sound system.	Amazing flat (100m²) in the vibrant area of Etienne Marcel/Sentier, at the heart of Paris. It is fully equiped, has a huge living room and 3  large double bedrooms. It is a 2 min walk to Les Halles and 10 min away from Opera.  The flat is 100m2 with three large double bedrooms, one large living room, a dressing, a kitchen, a bathroom (shower + bath) and second toilet. The kitchen is fully equipped and we also have a washing machine as well a tumble dryer.  The living room is very nice and ideal to chill in: big flat screen TV, wifi, two large sofas and an amazing sound system. The flat is located at the heart of Paris, in the vibrant area of Etienne Marcel/ Sentier.  When getting out of the flat, walk through the beautiful rue Tiquetonne and find some of the nicest restaurants and terraces in Paris. Turn right and you are in the famous rue Montorgueil, with its markets and cafes. Turn left again and you can get a drink in Paris' coolest bars. Every street around are pedestrian streets 
29665	Bright and calm, with a very nice furniture, this apartment can host up to 6 people in three separated rooms: a double bed bedroom with a huge wardrobe, a single (or double, the second bed is hidden under the single one and can be placed attached to it) bedroom and a living space with a table, a fully furnished kitchen corner and a sofa bed (bed 120 cm large, so small double bed!). Well located in the rue Montorgueil area, this apartment is not far from the Marais district, the Arts et Metiers museum and the Palais Royal; in 15 minutes by walk you'll be inside the Louvre museum. A velib (public bicycles) station is very close to the building entrance.	Bright, calm and recently renovated apartment at the first floor in the rue Montorgueil area. Two bedrooms all comforts.
29666	The apartment is composed of one small living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen and a batheroom with shower and toilet macerator.  It have all the necessary equipment like a washing machine and dryer, a fridge, hob and oven.  Sheets and towels are provided. The check-in is at 12:30 / and check-ou at 12:00	"This is a small place but with everything in it, you will be placed near lots of place in paris like the Louvre, Tuilleries gardens, Grands Boulevards, Galleries lafayettes and Rue Montorgueil. **Apartment on the 6th Floor / No elevator ** The apartment is composed of one small living room with a sofa bed, a kitchen and a batheroom with shower and toilet macerator.  It have all the necessary equipment like a washing machine and dryer, a fridge, hob and oven.  Sheets and towels are provided. The check-in is at 12:30 / and check-ou at 12:00 You can access to the apartment via subway stations ""Grands Boulevards"" (line 8 & 9) or ""Sentier"" (Line 3).  WARNING **: APARTMENT IN 6TH FLOOR WITHOUT ELEVATOR **  We are available all day if you need anything. The Louvre is at 15 minutes of walk, Tuilleries Gardens too.  You can see Galleries lafayettes after 5 minutes of walk on the Grands Boulevards. The line 9 and 3 is really near and leads to the most beautiful places in paris. Grands Boulevards"
29667		Je vous propose une chambre calme et climatisée juste à côté de l'opéra Garnier et du Louvre, dans un quartier prestigieux, très touristique et commerçant.  Une chambre entre 1 et 4 personnes, 2 chambres entre 5 et 6 personnes. Si vous souhaitez arriver plus tôt que 13h le premier jour, pour poser vos bagages et profiter des commodités, je vous demanderai juste une participation de 10€ en liquide. Pareil si vous souhaitez laisser vos bagages après midi le dernier jour. Merci Vous avez accès à la cuisine, le salon, la salle de bains, les toilettes et à la machine à laver Un cadre d'exception: L'Opéra Garnier, la place Vendôme, le Louvre, la place de la Concorde, les Tuileries et le musée d'Orsay sont juste à côté. La station de RER A Auber est à côté.  Plusieurs lignes de métro sont à proximité: 3, 7, 8, 14... Le quartier est très bien desservi. Difficile de se garer dans le quartier. Préférez pour vos déplacements les chauffeurs privés.
29668	This is a great location, just a few steps from the famed rue Montorgueil one of Paris’ oldest true market streets that remains today form the old large central wholesale marketplace, which was created in 1183 and torn down in 1971. This is a very lively pedestrian street full of cafes, shops, markets with farmers’ fresh produce, flowers, plus meat and cheeses shops. Of course some of the best bakeries are just around the corner from this holiday rental as well. You are sure to marvel everyday at the Saint Eustache Church which is just nearby, built between 1532 and 1632, with its soaring towers and massive size. This is a very central location, with 3 metros stops close by and within easy walking distance to rue de Rivoli and the Louvre. I wanted to provide a quiet and relaxing stay by installing new double-paned special windows, although the apartment itself is also on a pedestrian small street as well. The Paris holiday rental flat is 37 m2 meters (about 380 ft2) and has one bedroom	Nicely renovated one bedroom apartment that oozes charm - beautiful parquet floors, original exposed wooden beams and lots of the old original stone wall from the 19th century. Sleeps up to 5. This is a great location, just a few steps from the famed rue Montorgueil one of Paris’ oldest true market streets that remains today form the old large central wholesale marketplace, which was created in 1183 and torn down in 1971. This is a very lively pedestrian street full of cafes, shops, markets with farmers’ fresh produce, flowers, plus meat and cheeses shops. Of course some of the best bakeries are just around the corner from this holiday rental as well. You are sure to marvel everyday at the Saint Eustache Church which is just nearby, built between 1532 and 1632, with its soaring towers and massive size. This is a very central location, with 3 metros stops close by and within easy walking distance to rue de Rivoli and the Louvre. I wanted to provide a quiet and relaxing stay by installin
29669	designer funriture. fully equiped kitchen. wifi, flatscreen TV.	"Spacious flat with designer furniture. 1 bed room with king size bed and a large living room with sofa bed. toilets separated form the shower and sink. well equiped kitchen. within the pedestrian area of montorgeuil, within walkin distance to louvre museum, and very close to many subway stations. designer funriture. fully equiped kitchen. wifi, flatscreen TV. living withtin the same building, i'll be there to help you with anything you may need assistance with. located within the pedestrian area of montorgeuil, a neighboorhood packed with food retailers and restaurants. 100 meters from subway station ""sentier"" (line 3) wiwthin walking distance to lines 1, 7, 8, 9 and RER lines A and B sofa bed can be provided upon request for a 5th guest in addition to the large bed and the sofa bed."
29670	L'appartement à était refait à neuf en 2014 en mélangeant l'ancien et le moderne. Vous bénéficiez d'une très grand pièce à vivre avec une cuisine ouverte et le salon en enfilade. Il est situé idéalement au cœur de Paris.  	Apartment located in the heart of Paris in the 2nd district and can accommodate 4 people. Large living room light and airy between the kitchen and living room. 1 bedroom with double bed and a room with 2 beds for children.
29671	This beautiful apartment is located on the first floor of a building of good quality, directly accessible by the elevator.  The entrance opens up on a lobby decorated in an antique style. Then, you enter the living room, decorated in the same style, with a sofa, two armchairs and a low table leading to a dining room with a 140 cm convertible sofa, a dining table for 6 people, a fireplace and a second table with two chairs. The large windows brighten the living room. The spacious kitchen is convivial and fully-equipped. Two bedrooms are at your disposal. The first one includes a 160 cm double bed, a corner office and storage areas. The second one presents two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The bathroom features a bathtub and the toilets are separate.	This Parisian apartment decorated in a Baroque style is very pleasant and provides all the necessary comfort. Between the Boulevard Sébastopol and the rue Greneta, it is ideally located: two steps away from the vibrant area of Le Marais. This beautiful apartment is located on the first floor of a building of good quality, directly accessible by the elevator.  The entrance opens up on a lobby decorated in an antique style. Then, you enter the living room, decorated in the same style, with a sofa, two armchairs and a low table leading to a dining room with a 140 cm convertible sofa, a dining table for 6 people, a fireplace and a second table with two chairs. The large windows brighten the living room. The spacious kitchen is convivial and fully-equipped. Two bedrooms are at your disposal. The first one includes a 160 cm double bed, a corner office and storage areas. The second one presents two 90 cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed and a wardrobe. The bathroom 
29672	L'appartement est lumineux , juste à côté des théâtres, de restaurants très variés, des offices du tourisme, des agences de voyage et des boutiques de luxe avec détaxe. Tous les bus passent à côté de l'appartement et vous êtes au Louvre en marchant 10 minutes. La cuisine est séparée de la pièce principale et a une fenêtre donnant sur la place. Vous êtes à la fois au coeur de Paris et au calme. 	L'appartement est lumineux , juste à côté des théâtres, de restaurants très variés, des offices du tourisme, des agences de voyage et des boutiques de luxe avec détaxe. Tous les bus passent à côté de l'appartement et vous êtes au Louvre en marchant 10 minutes. La cuisine est séparée de la pièce principale et a une fenêtre donnant sur la place. Vous êtes à la fois au coeur de Paris et au calme. Vous avez la television par câble, internet et wifi. A 20 mètres de l'immeuble un pressing, un théâtre, de très bons restaurants. Grand magasin  à 200 mètres pour faire les courses. Que dire du quartier ?  J'adore! C'est le coeur historique de Paris. Là tout n'est qu'ordre et beauté, luxe, calme et plaisirs : places, jardins, palais, bords de Seine, boutiques de luxe, théâtres. Vous profitez autant du Paris historique, culturel que des boutiques et grands magasins qui sont tout près.   Un bus vous conduit directement de Roissy à Opéra. Quelques centaines de mètres à pied et vous êtes arrivés à l'
29673	// A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS	// 1 ROOM IN A 5-ROOM SHARED HAUSSMANNIEN PARISIAN FLAT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT - MONTORGEUIL/SAINT-DENIS/SENTIER/BONNE-NOUVELLE)  + ON THE GO MOBILE INTERNET SIM CARD INCLUDED // A 5-ROOM SHARED FLAT IN HAUSSMANNN BUILDING // SPINNING ON SOUTH FACING BALCONY ACROSS 9 WINDOWS // 1 FURNISHED ROOM IN A 5-ROOM FLAT SHARING APARTMENT IN THE CENTER OF PARIS (2ND DISTRICT) // HUGE LIVING-ROOM WITH A PROJECTOR AS A TV // FULLY EQUIPPED KITCHEN WITH DISHWASHER  // 2 BATHROOMS WITH WASHING MACHINE  // 1 TOILET + A FRENCH SIM CARD TO HAVE ACCESS TO INTERNET ON THE GO 7 days / 7 L’OASIS D’ABOUKIR > Metro/Subway station - Ligne 3 : Sentier  - Ligne 4 : Réaumur  - Ligne 8 et 9 : Bonne Nouvelle  - Ligne 1 : Louvre-Rivoli  > Bus stop - Bus 20 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 29 - Etienne Marcel - Montmartre - Bus 39 - Sentier ou Poissonnière/Bonne Nouvelle - Bus 67 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 74 - Réaumur/Montmartre - Bus 85 - Réaumur/Montmartre THE place to be downtown in P
29674		Agréable F2 de 45 m² au cœur de Paris, à proximité de nombreux transports, sorties, cafés et commerces. Tout confort dont câble, Internet et wifi. Entrée, couloir, salle de bain sur chambre au calme donnant sur cour, grand salon avec balcon Accès aux équipements disponible sur place (électro ménager, Internet, home cinéma), coffre-fort, penderie, sèche-cheveux, bibliothèque et vidéothèque Dans une rue relativement calme, à quelques pas des grands boulevards (grand Rex, cafés restaurants, musée Grévin,), du quartier Montorgueil et ses nombreux commerces d’alimentation fine et restaurants, ;entre 10 et 15 minutes à pied de nombreux carrefours dont Chatelet, République et Opéra A proximité des métro Sentier, Bonne Nouvelle, Strasbourg-Saint-Denis, proche RER A via Les Halles
29675	 Avec son style contemporain mélangé au charme typiquement parisien, cet appartement est le meilleur choix pour votre séjour dans la Ville Lumière. Cet appartement confortable et spacieux (65 m²) est situé au 1er étage d'un magnifique bâtiment. Dans ce bel appartement de 3 pièces, vous bénéficierez d'une situation privilégiée au centre de Paris dans le quartier Montorgeuil. Ce quartier est le centre de Paris - et dispose de plusieurs lignes de métro: Etienne Marcel , Châtelet Les Halles, ou Sentier Bourse. Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans deux chambres différentes, cet appartement est équipé d'une salle de bain, d'une cuisine d'un grand salon et de deux chambres.	Situation privilégiée au centre de Paris. Profitez pleinement d'un grand 3 pièces à deux pas des grands magasins et des monuments historiques.  Avec son style contemporain mélangé au charme typiquement parisien, cet appartement est le meilleur choix pour votre séjour dans la Ville Lumière. Cet appartement confortable et spacieux (65 m²) est situé au 1er étage d'un magnifique bâtiment. Dans ce bel appartement de 3 pièces, vous bénéficierez d'une situation privilégiée au centre de Paris dans le quartier Montorgeuil. Ce quartier est le centre de Paris - et dispose de plusieurs lignes de métro: Etienne Marcel , Châtelet Les Halles, ou Sentier Bourse. Pouvant accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes dans deux chambres différentes, cet appartement est équipé d'une salle de bain, d'une cuisine d'un grand salon et de deux chambres. Quartier très animé à toutes heures, multitudes de restaurants et de commerces de bouche et de proximité dans la rue de l'appartement Metro Sentier ou Bonne nouvelle. L'appar
29676	Le placement est idéal, en plein centre de Paris. A la fois proche de tout mais dans une petite rue paisible pour plus de tranquillité.	Idéalement placé, au croisement de 4 lignes de Métro parisiennes (Ligne 3, 4, 8 et 9). Situé près de nombreux commerces et magasins (Rue Montorgueil, Rue Rivoli,...). A deux pas des Galeries Lafayette. A moins de 30 minutes de tout lieux parisiens. Le placement est idéal, en plein centre de Paris. A la fois proche de tout mais dans une petite rue paisible pour plus de tranquillité. Accès privé à une chambre et salle de bain. Le salon et la cuisine seront partagés avec 2 colocataires exemplaires et discrets. Il est interdit d'inviter des personnes pour passer une soirée à l'appartement pour respecter la tranquillité de tous, y compris des voisins. L'accueil sera chaleureux et nous espérons que vous passerez un excellent séjour dans notre belle capitale française. Aller se promener autour de l'appartement pour observer les quartiers plus populaires au Nord, plus touristiques à l'Ouest, et très typiques Parisiens au Sud. L'appartement est au centre d'un mélange culturel incroyable.  Les g
29677	This furnished apartment in Paris is a three bedroom apartment of 80 m2 for 6 people. Located on the 6th floor, the building has his own elevator until the 5th floor. This luxurious apartment is composed of a beautiful living area with a dining table for 6, three bright and quiet bedrooms with two king size beds and two single beds, two bathrooms with shower, wc and a kitchen area entirely fitted with crockery, vitroceramic hob, refrigerator, microwave-oven, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. Perfect for your business trip or your vacation in Paris with your friends or family. You can rent this typical parisian apartment for short, medium and long term (3 days minimum to several months). Particular care has been taken with the decoration in choosing materials which lend themselves to a warm and friendly atmosphere.	"Furnished apartment of 80m2 with three bedrooms which can welcome 6 people. Few steps from the famous ""Opera Ganier"" 2 bedrooms with 2 king size beds  1 bedroom with 2 single beds 2 bathrooms 1 wide living room area tastefully decorated This furnished apartment in Paris is a three bedroom apartment of 80 m2 for 6 people. Located on the 6th floor, the building has his own elevator until the 5th floor. This luxurious apartment is composed of a beautiful living area with a dining table for 6, three bright and quiet bedrooms with two king size beds and two single beds, two bathrooms with shower, wc and a kitchen area entirely fitted with crockery, vitroceramic hob, refrigerator, microwave-oven, coffee machine, dishwasher, washing machine and storage space. Perfect for your business trip or your vacation in Paris with your friends or family. You can rent this typical parisian apartment for short, medium and long term (3 days minimum to several months). Particular care has been taken with th"
29678		It's Perfect to go easily everywhere! Cosy flat in the heart of Paris on top of a tipical french bar with a great cuisine, you'll be living the parisian way of life. Busy quarter to party and meet people! Can accomodate up to 6 persons.
29679	This lovely studio is located on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa and a flat screen TV. It is very bright thanks to its windows. Just next door, there is the fully-equipped American kitchen and many storage areas ar at your disposal. The bathroom includes a bathtub, a washer and the toilets.	This beautiful studio with a sophisticated decoration at the leading edge of fashion, you will quickly feel at home thanks to all the comfort and equipment provided. It is located in the heart of the Montorgueil neighborhood. This lovely studio is located on the 4th floor, directly accessible by the elevator. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa and a flat screen TV. It is very bright thanks to its windows. Just next door, there is the fully-equipped American kitchen and many storage areas ar at your disposal. The bathroom includes a bathtub, a washer and the toilets. Renovated at the end of the 1980s, the neighborhood of the rue Montorgueil is an extension of Les Halles. Nowadays, its cobblestone streets are closed to traffic. Montorgueil is a market street with rows of market gardeners, cheesemakers and bakers: colors and scents reminiscent of country villages. In the surrounding streets you will find numerous restaurants and bars. Métro 3 Sentier Métro 4 Etienne Mar
29680	This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment overlooks both the courtyard and the street. It is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator. This double-oriented flat opens on a hall that leads to 2 distinct areas. After an entrance with the separated WC, the corridor leads to the bedroom equipped with a 140 cm double bed, a closet and a bathroom that has a shower tub and a sink. The wide living occupies the rest of the apartment. This lovely apartment has a contemporary decoration and equipped with a leather sofa, an office desk, a large flat screen TV and an open plan kitchen. You can find top range facilities behind the counter: a stainless steel gas stove, a fridge and freezer, induction plates, micro-wave and washing machine.	This cozy and modern apartment is located in the heart of the Montorgueil area. Thus, you will enjoy the excitement of the neighborhood while resting in complete tranquility in this apartment. This is an old building typical of Paris’ central areas. The apartment overlooks both the courtyard and the street. It is located on the 3rd floor with no elevator. This double-oriented flat opens on a hall that leads to 2 distinct areas. After an entrance with the separated WC, the corridor leads to the bedroom equipped with a 140 cm double bed, a closet and a bathroom that has a shower tub and a sink. The wide living occupies the rest of the apartment. This lovely apartment has a contemporary decoration and equipped with a leather sofa, an office desk, a large flat screen TV and an open plan kitchen. You can find top range facilities behind the counter: a stainless steel gas stove, a fridge and freezer, induction plates, micro-wave and washing machine. Renovated at the end of 1980s, Montorgueil
29681	The apartment is located on the fourth floor with no elevator of a Parisian building. It faces west.  In the colorful living room, you will find a blue 140 cm convertible sofa, beautiful armchairs, 2 low tables and a flat screen TV. The kitchen is fully equipped and has a contemporary decoration. It opens up on a dining area with a table and four chairs. The two bedrooms with four 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form 160 cm double beds both have independent bathrooms with shower cubicles. The toilets are separate. The apartment features exposed beams which give it a warm atmosphere. IT was recently renovated and is the ideal setting for a short or medium term stay. The apartment features exposed beams which give it a warm atmosphere. It was recently renovated and is the ideal setting for a short or medium term stay.	You will be charmed by this beautiful contemporary apartment with two bedrooms. Comfortable and perfectly equipped, you will have a wonderful stay. Its modern decoration and its exposed beams give the apartment a warm atmosphere. The apartment is located on the fourth floor with no elevator of a Parisian building. It faces west.  In the colorful living room, you will find a blue 140 cm convertible sofa, beautiful armchairs, 2 low tables and a flat screen TV. The kitchen is fully equipped and has a contemporary decoration. It opens up on a dining area with a table and four chairs. The two bedrooms with four 80 cm single beds that can be twinned to form 160 cm double beds both have independent bathrooms with shower cubicles. The toilets are separate. The apartment features exposed beams which give it a warm atmosphere. IT was recently renovated and is the ideal setting for a short or medium term stay. The apartment features exposed beams which give it a warm atmosphere. It was recently r
29682	--- There is no piano anymore in the flat. The pictures are to be updated --- The flat is tiny : 22 square metres, but it has been recently renovated and refurbished. The space has been totally optimized. It is perfectly enjoyable for a single person or a couple. The flat can also host a 3rd person on the convertible sofa bed downstairs. The flat is on two floors : 1st floor : Living room (single-sofa bed), with a super-tiny kitchen (but all-eqquiped) and WC. 2nd floor : Bedroom (Queen bed for 2 persons), Bathroom (shower). + A lovely little garden-yard which you are free to use. 	Lovely flat located in the center of Paris. 200 metres from the trendy and authentic Montorgueil area. Perfect place to stay to visit Paris by foot. You just need to walk 10-15minutes to get to le Louvre, la Seine, the Pompidou Center, or the Opéra.  --- There is no piano anymore in the flat. The pictures are to be updated --- The flat is tiny : 22 square metres, but it has been recently renovated and refurbished. The space has been totally optimized. It is perfectly enjoyable for a single person or a couple. The flat can also host a 3rd person on the convertible sofa bed downstairs. The flat is on two floors : 1st floor : Living room (single-sofa bed), with a super-tiny kitchen (but all-eqquiped) and WC. 2nd floor : Bedroom (Queen bed for 2 persons), Bathroom (shower). + A lovely little garden-yard which you are free to use. Sheets and towels are provided to all our guests. If you are two travelers and you'd rather sleep separately, thanks for letting me know beforehand in your bookin
29683	In a very central area of down town Paris, this is an old fashion building with a lot of charm, a familly house with all the modern comforts: a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, a washing machine, free internet access and a computer, TV with English channels, a bathroom with fresh towels, etc ... All rooms have a lot of lights and the comfort of the house is perfect to relax after a long day walking around town or go out again after work. The house is located in a wonderful and authentic pat of Paris, near the Sentier, Rue Montorgueil and all its lively little shops and boutiques. From there, you can walk down to the busy district of Les Halles with lots of entertainment and shopping options, on the other side, going down towards Le Marais, one of the oldest part of the city, with cafes and restaurants always open on Sunday, the wonderful Picasso Museum and the old houses. 	In a very central area of down town Paris, this is an old fashion building with a lot of charm, a familly house with all the modern comforts: a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, a washing machine, free internet access and a computer, TV with English channels, a bathroom with fresh towels, etc ... All rooms have a lot of lights and the comfort of the house is perfect to relax after a long day walking around town or go out again after work. The house is located in a wonderful and authentic pat of Paris, near the Sentier, Rue Montorgueil and all its lively little shops and boutiques. From there, you can walk down to the busy district of Les Halles with lots of entertainment and shopping options, on the other side, going down towards Le Marais, one of the oldest part of the city, with cafes and restaurants always open on Sunday, the wonderful Picasso Museum and the old houses. 
29684	Very close to Motorgeuil, 4th floor with an elevator	In the middle of Paris, close to everything, very charming appartement made with one living room (sofa which can be also a two persons bed) one small kitchen but Paris offers Many restaurants ;), one bathroom with a washing machine and a quiet room. Very close to Motorgeuil, 4th floor with an elevator Métro, bus, RER very close You can join me whenever on my mail adress (max 12h before a response) Everything is incredibly close, shops, super-markets, restaurant Line 3, 4 (to Réaumur Sébastopol) 8, 9 (Strasbourg Saint Denis) or Bus line 38. Easy way from the airports
29685	Notre appartement se situe au cinquième étage d'un vieille immeuble typique de Paris. Il offre une vue sur la place des victoires, et le quartier du Sentier. Nous avons dessiné les meubles nous même ! Ce qui lui donne, on l'espère, une touche unique. Cuisine, salle de bain, lit double, bureau, imprimante, internet, tout pour faire d'un court ou d'un long séjour, un super trip à Paris	Ce studio sous les toits d'un immeuble ancien, est un parfait pied-à-terre pour visiter Paris ! Pour une ou deux personnes, il offre le confort idéal, la quiétude d'un cinquième étage, et ce au coeur du quartier animé de Montorgueil ! Soyez les bienvenus ! Notre appartement se situe au cinquième étage d'un vieille immeuble typique de Paris. Il offre une vue sur la place des victoires, et le quartier du Sentier. Nous avons dessiné les meubles nous même ! Ce qui lui donne, on l'espère, une touche unique. Cuisine, salle de bain, lit double, bureau, imprimante, internet, tout pour faire d'un court ou d'un long séjour, un super trip à Paris - Lit Double - Cuisine ( micro onde / grille pain / bouilloire ) - Salle de bain ( douche / Toilette / radiateur ) - Bureau ( Internet, imprimante, enceintes ) - Télévision - Wi-Fi Nous serons ravi de nous accueillir dans notre appartement. N'hésitez pas à nous contacter si vous avez des questions. Nous serons là pour vous accueillir, vous remettre les c
29686	Our apartment allows plenty light inside because the windows face a large internal courtyard on one side and rue Saint Sauveur on the opposite side. It is furnished with a double bed and a single bed (it can be used as a sofa during the day), a table for 4 persons, a large cupboard and minor furnishing. The open kitchen is equipped with cooking top, fridge, freezer, coffee maker, and all kitchen utensils. The bathroom has a washbasin and tub and the toilette is in a separate room.  The apartment offers also wifi connection access, Cable TV, free incoming calls, free outgoing call on all Landlines in France and the possibility of having the line opened on free international calls; iron / ironing board, hair dryer, alarm clock.	Rue Montorgueil : a pedestrian-only zone highly reputed for having one of Paris’ oldest street market.  A double and a single real beds. Dining coin. Open equipped kitchen. Bathroom with washbasin and tub, toilette in a separate room. Our apartment allows plenty light inside because the windows face a large internal courtyard on one side and rue Saint Sauveur on the opposite side. It is furnished with a double bed and a single bed (it can be used as a sofa during the day), a table for 4 persons, a large cupboard and minor furnishing. The open kitchen is equipped with cooking top, fridge, freezer, coffee maker, and all kitchen utensils. The bathroom has a washbasin and tub and the toilette is in a separate room.  The apartment offers also wifi connection access, Cable TV, free incoming calls, free outgoing call on all Landlines in France and the possibility of having the line opened on free international calls; iron / ironing board, hair dryer, alarm clock. Our reception team will check
29687	Recently refurbished to the highest standard with lots of charm, this apartment in the Montorgueil/Sentier area of Paris will delight you with its many windows, hardwood floors and stylish features. It is cosily furnished in a modern design fused with traditional Parisian style and it is situated in a quiet courtyard with lots of light. It can comfortably sleep 4 people with its double bedroom and comfortable sofa-bed (with real slated bed-base, not the usual folding and squeaky one !). The kitchen is modern and spacious and the apartment has all needed amenities (TV, DVD, Wifi Internet, stereo, telephone) if you want to spend a bit of time lounging/cooking at home or resting after a busy day! This is the perfect place to stay in Paris, whether for business or on holidays as it is so comfortable and central, in an area with a busy local life, and so close to many tourist sites, shopping and great transportation alternatives that will take you anywhere in Paris in 20 min max. The Montog	Recently refurbished to the highest standard with lots of charm, this apartment in the Montorgueil/Sentier area of Paris will delight you with its many windows, hardwood floors and stylish features. It is cosily furnished in a modern design fused with traditional Parisian style and it is situated in a quiet courtyard with lots of light. It can comfortably sleep 4 people with its double bedroom and comfortable sofa-bed (with real slated bed-base, not the usual folding and squeaky one !). The kitchen is modern and spacious and the apartment has all needed amenities (TV, DVD, Wifi Internet, stereo, telephone) if you want to spend a bit of time lounging/cooking at home or resting after a busy day! This is the perfect place to stay in Paris, whether for business or on holidays as it is so comfortable and central, in an area with a busy local life, and so close to many tourist sites, shopping and great transportation alternatives that will take you anywhere in Paris in 20 min max. The Montog
29688	It is a 24m² fully furnished studio, really nice and practical with a small kitchen, bathroom & toilets inside (there are dishes & everything needed for the kitchen, Oil, salt & pepper..., & for the bathroom, shower gel, towels & sheets) and a perfect WIFI connection. 	A 24m² Apartment in the heart of the 2nd quarter of Paris, in the historical walking Sentier quarter. You will find a simple and functional place with a confortable queen size sofa-bed, and an all equipped kitchen Metros and shops 30 meters aways It is a 24m² fully furnished studio, really nice and practical with a small kitchen, bathroom & toilets inside (there are dishes & everything needed for the kitchen, Oil, salt & pepper..., & for the bathroom, shower gel, towels & sheets) and a perfect WIFI connection.  Rizlane or Jeremy will be there to welcome you at the flat.  If you want to book it, please feel free to tell me what Kind of trip you wanna do and I Will recommend you some places (visit, bars, restaurants...) to go! I’m sure you will appreciate the quarter as the apartment is located in the real center of Paris, one of the most wonderful and trendy walking quarters, in the area named “Sentier” ! You Will be able to do almost everything by walk as Restaurants, cocktail bars, pu
29689		Appartement situé au 4 ème étage
29690	The studio is small but charming and chic.  It is on 4th and last floor with an elevator Recently open for rental, equipment and linen are in excellent condition  Bathroom has a tub and a washing machine. Wifi is stable and fast.  The two single beds are 80 cm by 190 cm and form together a queen size bed. They are real beds, clean and confortable.  The second one can be folded under the main one. The micro kitchen is a cabinet, including sink, mini-fridge, microwave oven and induction cooker.	Chic little studio under the roof in a nice and well maintained building with elevator. Located a few step from Metro in the pedestrian street of central Montorgueil, a lively and trendy area with many restaurants and shops. 2 real beds ( 80 x190 cm) can make a queen size. The studio is small but charming and chic.  It is on 4th and last floor with an elevator Recently open for rental, equipment and linen are in excellent condition  Bathroom has a tub and a washing machine. Wifi is stable and fast.  The two single beds are 80 cm by 190 cm and form together a queen size bed. They are real beds, clean and confortable.  The second one can be folded under the main one. The micro kitchen is a cabinet, including sink, mini-fridge, microwave oven and induction cooker. Building secured with access code plus Intercom. The studio is located on top floor under the roof, some parts have a low ceiling. People taller than 1,85m could be less comfortable. I live close by and can help if you need. If 
29691	Très joli studio, entièrement rénové et décoré situé dans un petit immeuble d'une rue semi-piétonne, superbement bien situé dans le centre de Paris, à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil, du quartier des Halles, de Beaubourg, du Louvre, du Marais ... Vous trouverez des restaurants, bars, épiceries et des produits frais (fruits et légumes, poissonniers, fromagers, boulangers, pâtissiers, etc)  dans la rue Montorgueil, ainsi que divers restaurants au pied de l'immeuble. La station de métro Sentier (ligne3) est à 5 minutes à pied, les stations Grands Boulevards (ligne 8 et 9) , Châtelet-les Halles (ligne 4) et les lignes de RER A, B, D aux Halles se trouvent à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Le quartier des Halles, Beaubourg, le Palais Royal, le Louvre, sont situés à 10 minutes à pied. Il est composé d'une cuisine équipée avec frigo, micro-ondes et table de cuisson, d'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et WC et d'un canapé-lit haut de gamme. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Il est également 	Très joli studio, entièrement rénové et décoré situé dans un petit immeuble d'une rue semi-piétonne, superbement bien situé dans le centre de Paris, à deux pas de la rue Montorgueil, du quartier des Halles, de Beaubourg, du Louvre, du Marais ... Vous trouverez des restaurants, bars, épiceries et des produits frais (fruits et légumes, poissonniers, fromagers, boulangers, pâtissiers, etc)  dans la rue Montorgueil, ainsi que divers restaurants au pied de l'immeuble. La station de métro Sentier (ligne3) est à 5 minutes à pied, les stations Grands Boulevards (ligne 8 et 9) , Châtelet-les Halles (ligne 4) et les lignes de RER A, B, D aux Halles se trouvent à moins de 10 minutes à pied. Le quartier des Halles, Beaubourg, le Palais Royal, le Louvre, sont situés à 10 minutes à pied. Il est composé d'une cuisine équipée avec frigo, micro-ondes et table de cuisson, d'une salle d'eau avec douche, lavabo et WC et d'un canapé-lit haut de gamme. Les draps et serviettes sont fournis. Il est également 
29692	Appartement très agréable car spacieux, grande hauteur sous plafond, très lumineux (4ème étage), tous les équipements de confort à votre disposition	Luxury 2-room flat (54 sqm) located in a little street next to Place de l’Opéra 4th floor with lift Very bright 1 room with a queen-size bed Very good sofa bed in the living room (mattress Bultex 12 cm) Appartement très agréable car spacieux, grande hauteur sous plafond, très lumineux (4ème étage), tous les équipements de confort à votre disposition Les voyageurs auront accès à tout dans l'appartement (appareils de cuisine, télévision, internet, livres, ...) Echanges par mail indispensables avant l'arrivée des voyageurs, il s'agit de mon appartement et je le loue pour la première fois :) Quartier opéra idéal pour visiter Paris, très central, on peut tout faire à pied De nombreux cinémas et théâtres à proximité immédiate A quelques minutes : Opéra Garnier, les Grands Magasins, Gare Saint Lazare, Grands Boulevards, Bourse, ... Idéalement desservi : lignes 3, 7, 8, 9, 12, RER A, RER E,  Roissybus, nombreuses lignes de bus Minimum 5 nuits
29693	Very atypic and charming duplex in the heart of Paris, between Grands Boulevards and Rue Montorgueil, in the Sentier district. Once arrived, you'll enjoy the beautiful view on parisian roofs, and the Eiffel Tower. We accept up to 3 persons to stay in the apartment. First Floor : Lightened Living Room, American kitchen, Dining room with 6 places Bathroom with 2 persons bathtub Second Floor : Double bedroom with a very nice view, Mezzanine with 1 person mattress Located in the heart of Paris. Once arrived, just enjoy the restaurants, bars, clubs, museums and more ! We will be happy to give you tips about the area ! Metro Stations : Sentier (ligne 3), Bonne Nouvelle (Lignes 8 et 9) Réaumur Sébastopol (Ligne 4) 10 minutes away from Grands Magasins, Galeries Lafayette, 15 minutes from Montmartre 	Very atypic and charming duplex in the heart of Paris, between Grands Boulevards and Rue Montorgueil, in the Sentier district. Once arrived, you'll enjoy the beautiful view on parisian roofs, and the Eiffel Tower. We accept up to 3 persons to stay in the apartment. First Floor : Lightened Living Room, American kitchen, Dining room with 6 places Bathroom with 2 persons bathtub Second Floor : Double bedroom with a very nice view, Mezzanine with 1 person mattress Located in the heart of Paris. Once arrived, just enjoy the restaurants, bars, clubs, museums and more ! We will be happy to give you tips about the area ! Metro Stations : Sentier (ligne 3), Bonne Nouvelle (Lignes 8 et 9) Réaumur Sébastopol (Ligne 4) 10 minutes away from Grands Magasins, Galeries Lafayette, 15 minutes from Montmartre 
29694	Located on the ground floor, facing a very quiet street and an old small church, this bright apartment offers every comfort needed for 2/4 guests:  - A separated bedroom with a comfortable bed (queen size) - A leather sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room - A fully equipped kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) - A bathroom with shower, WC and hair dryer - Unlimited internet access, TV with international channels - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board -Some items can be provided for your arrival (coffee, tea, sugar, etc.)	If you are looking for a quiet and cosy apartment in the heart of Paris, walkng distance from the main touristic sites, this is probably one of the best choice in Paris. Hope to see you soon Frederic Located on the ground floor, facing a very quiet street and an old small church, this bright apartment offers every comfort needed for 2/4 guests:  - A separated bedroom with a comfortable bed (queen size) - A leather sofa bed for 2 persons in the living room - A fully equipped kitchen (microwave, toaster, coffee maker, kettle) - A bathroom with shower, WC and hair dryer - Unlimited internet access, TV with international channels - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board -Some items can be provided for your arrival (coffee, tea, sugar, etc.) - Unlimited internet access, TV with international channels - Sheets and towels are provided, iron and ironing board -Some items can be provided for your arrival (coffee, tea, sugar, etc.) This is the most central area you could be in Pa
29695		Je vous propose mon studio de 21 mètres carrés en plein coeur de Paris. Ce n'est pas très grand mais fonctionnel et largement suffisant pour deux personnes. Idéal pour passer la nuit ou pour avoir un pied à terre entre deux promenades. L'appartement est situé en plein centre de Paris : à 15 minutes à pied du Louvre, 10 minutes des Grands Boulevards, 3 minutes de la très fréquentée rue piétonne Montorgueil.  Beaucoup de bars et de restaurants très sympa juste à côté. A deux minutes du métro Sentier (ligne 3), 7 minutes de Réaumur Sébastopol (lignes 3 et 4) et 15 minutes de Châtelet - Les Halles (lignes 1, 4, 7, RER…).
29696	Beautiful apartment in very parisian style. In the center, very close to sightseings.	Very nice authentic parisian appartment in very center! Historical place. Next to rue Montorgueil with nice restaurants, to the Louvre and to Opera Garnier. Beautiful cosy very nice 40 m2 apartement, well equipped. 5 min to Metro Bonne nouvelle. Beautiful apartment in very parisian style. In the center, very close to sightseings. The whole appartment 5 min walking to Metro Bonne nouvelle (lines 8, 9) or to Strasbourg Saint-Denis (lines 4, 8, 9)
29697	"Very attractive apartment-studio, situated in Paris in the second district, ""rue Montmartre"" in ten minutes on foot of the place ""Opera"", fifteen minutes of the place ""Vendôme"", three minutes on foot of the place ""la Bourse"". The travelers will be favored by the exceptional situation of this apartment next to every places, monuments or museums, most prestigious and courted of Paris. "	"Very attractive apartment-studio, situated in the heart of Paris in a beautiful district ""Grand Boulevard"" and close to any convenience ...  Very attractive apartment-studio, situated in Paris in the second district, ""rue Montmartre"" in ten minutes on foot of the place ""Opera"", fifteen minutes of the place ""Vendôme"", three minutes on foot of the place ""la Bourse"". The travelers will be favored by the exceptional situation of this apartment next to every places, monuments or museums, most prestigious and courted of Paris. The apartment studio is on the third floor with one room of 16 m2 which makes room/lounge, with three big windows in peace, without face to face. An open-plan kitchen with plates vitreous ceramics and a bathroom with big bathtub and toilets. The studio includes, a sofa bed with sheets and pillows, chairs, table, a storage cupboard, a freezer, a washing machine, a barkeeper, covered to eat and kitchen utensils. Everything necessary for a single person or a couple who wa"
29698	La vue sur tout Paris est remarquable  On voit du salon ou du lit la Tout Eiffel qui scintille toute la soirée et les couchers du soleil sont à tomber  De la cuisine la vue sur le Sacre Cœur est imprenable également  Vivre au cœur de Montmartre en laisse rêveur plus d un 	Appartement situé au cœur de Montmartre entre la place des Abbesses et place du Tetre avec une vue imprenable sur tout Paris.  Pour un séjour romantique avec la plus belle vue du monde n hésitez pas à venir rêver !  La vue sur tout Paris est remarquable  On voit du salon ou du lit la Tout Eiffel qui scintille toute la soirée et les couchers du soleil sont à tomber  De la cuisine la vue sur le Sacre Cœur est imprenable également  Vivre au cœur de Montmartre en laisse rêveur plus d un Je peux à la demande du voyageur faire découvrir le quartier de Montmartre et donner quelques bons conseils et pièges à éviter  La vie à Montmartre c est comme vivre dans un village, un refuge dans le centre de Paris  Il y a les métros Abbesses et Pigalle ligne 12 et 2 qui sont situés à quelques pas de l appartement  Le bus Montmartrois dessert l arrêt Gabriel en face de l immeuble  L appartement est parfaitement bien équipe en électronique ménager ainsi que télévision internet DVD et wifi 
29699	The apt is 50 sq meters /538 sq feet with great high ceilings and big windows. The space offers a modern alternative to your stay in Paris with charm remaining. The living room, kitchen and bathroom are  modern with recessed spot lighting all on dimmers. In the bedroom the old ceiling beams have been left exposed so you get the best of both worlds. The rental is for the whole apt, you have your own washing machine, there is a rack to dry your clothes on ( detergent not included). There is an induction stove top for you to cook on, coffee and tea included. The apartment is located extremely central in the 2eme arrondisment and so is extremely close to many great things to visit. You can walk to the Marais, the Seine, les Halles, Palais Royal, rue St Honore, Place Vendome, Opera. You can take the metro anywhere as almost all lines are available. Apt is 3 stations from Gare Du Nord. 4 metro stations within minutes.  Reamur Sebastopol, Etienne Marcel, Strasbourg St Denis, Sentier. The rent	50sqm three room brand new apartment is in a beautifully redesigned classic French building.  The apt is located within a 2 minute walk to the famous market street Rue Montorgueil. The apt is 50 sq meters /538 sq feet with great high ceilings and big windows. The space offers a modern alternative to your stay in Paris with charm remaining. The living room, kitchen and bathroom are  modern with recessed spot lighting all on dimmers. In the bedroom the old ceiling beams have been left exposed so you get the best of both worlds. The rental is for the whole apt, you have your own washing machine, there is a rack to dry your clothes on ( detergent not included). There is an induction stove top for you to cook on, coffee and tea included. The apartment is located extremely central in the 2eme arrondisment and so is extremely close to many great things to visit. You can walk to the Marais, the Seine, les Halles, Palais Royal, rue St Honore, Place Vendome, Opera. You can take the metro anywher
