2400	Cosy et lumineux 2 pièces traversant, avec 1 chambre sur cour. Situé au dernier étage avec vue sur les toits.  CHARME (parquet d'origine) et entièrement équipé (TV cablé écran plat, internet, wifi fibre, BEINSPORT, cuisine semi-ouverte avec machine à laver). Très lumineux : le soleil se lève dans la chambre et se couche dans le salon (plein ouest sans vis à vis).  Cuisine équipée et aménagée (four électrique, plaques vitro, micro onde, frigo/congélateur, cafetière électrique). 	Appartement en plein cœur de Paris et des Batignolles, quartier familial proche du superbe square. Cosy et lumineux 2 pièces traversant, avec 1 chambre sur cour. Situé au dernier étage avec vue sur les toits.  CHARME (parquet d'origine) et entièrement équipé (TV cablé écran plat, internet, wifi fibre, BEINSPORT, cuisine semi-ouverte avec machine à laver). Très lumineux : le soleil se lève dans la chambre et se couche dans le salon (plein ouest sans vis à vis).  Cuisine équipée et aménagée (four électrique, plaques vitro, micro onde, frigo/congélateur, cafetière électrique). L'appartement est situé au 6ème étage (sans ascenseur) d'un immeuble à digicode. Appartement loué en entier, sans restrictions. Je ne dors donc pas dans l'appartement. Je serais toujours là pour vous accueillir, et je reste évidemment à votre disposition par mail / téléphone si besoin. Les Batignolles est un quartier authentique et très charmant, proche de toutes gares (15 mn de St Lazare, 40 mn de la Gare de l'est 
2401	Because I drew, my thought with travel memories .....	Have a nice stay in an La Havana atmosphere, designed vintage kitchen. Round the corner from  typical french market and restaurants & trendy bars.  Closed by tube and buses you’ll be everywhere in Paris for less than 30’ Because I drew, my thought with travel memories ..... This studio is located in a very attractive area which allows you to discover all the cafes & brasseries typically french.  I would welcome you with great pleasure on arrival. I have many friends who will be just as welcoming, however if I was not there. I love my neighborhood diversity places these restaurants these markets, these gardens is the new center of Paris! All the facilities such as bus, tube are round the corner. 
2402	Our comfortable 52 sqm flat is located at the 3th floor of a recent high standing building with elevator. It is composed of a living room, a fully equipped  kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a separate toilet. There is one bed in the bedroom and one comfortable fold-down bed in the living room, these two beds are 140x190 cm.	Perfectly situated to explore all of Paris! Our comfortable 52 sqm flat is located at the 3th floor of a high standing building with elevator. It is composed of a living room, a fully equipped  kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom and a private parking. Our comfortable 52 sqm flat is located at the 3th floor of a recent high standing building with elevator. It is composed of a living room, a fully equipped  kitchen, one bedroom, a bathroom with bathtub and a separate toilet. There is one bed in the bedroom and one comfortable fold-down bed in the living room, these two beds are 140x190 cm. You will have access to the whole apartment and can of course use the  washing-machine if you need to. We will also have sheets and towels ready for you, as well as breakfast basics (tea, coffee, salt, pepper, oil and co...). Unfortunately we can't welcome pets and smoking is not allowed. We would be happy to meet you upon arrival if we are here! The apartment is located near the district of Les Batignol
2403		Chambre équipée (bureau, lit, chaise, placard, panderie, salle de bain) dans une jolie maison avec séjour très lumineux et calme. Il y a un petit balcon avec arbuste. Maison  entièrement équipée. C'est une occasion unique. chambre, salle de bain, WC, cuisine. Quartier animé et dynamique (proche de st lazare, d'opéra et des magasins)
2404	The situation of the flat in a lively and popular area , close to many metro lines (Charles de Gaulle/Etoile station- RER A to airport- Air France bus etc..). Very sunny and bright studio	 Quiet and comfortable,,well equiped , 2 rooms studio.Independant kitchen, dressing ,bright bathroom, sunny balcony. Close famous Poncelet Market and Ternes Avenue. Lots of shops restaurants bars. 10mn walk Champs Elysees/ Charles de Gaulle Etoile. The situation of the flat in a lively and popular area , close to many metro lines (Charles de Gaulle/Etoile station- RER A to airport- Air France bus etc..). Very sunny and bright studio All the comfort of a recently renewed flat . Wifi/Internet/Music/TV etc.. I like to leave privacy to my guests but I or Sylvie are always available to help if need be. The Poncelet Market where you can buy every day fresh food (bakery,vegetable,bio food, fruits, fish, meat and all sorts of french specialities) at a very good price, the Cafe Ponce(breakfast , tea time and aperitif) and other bars and restaurants in the neighbourhood.Also FNAC shop, Monoprix, Franprix very close.Park Monceau at walking distance. Ternes station or Charles de Gaulles Etoile (RE
2405	"The highlight of this apartment is certainly the view you have from the balcony. On your left Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur and on your right the Eiffel Tower and the arch of triumph. Located at the 9th floor of a recent building, you have two large bedrooms and a large living room.Very bright, this apartment is very pleasant to live This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, terrace, DVD, stereo, computer, phone.  Close to the well-known "" rue de Levis"" where you have shops, restaurants, parisians café and , twice a week,a famous typical french market to fill your fridge with regional products.  10 minutes walk  , you will reach the Parc Monceau. The closest metro stations are Villiers or Malesherbes."	"The highlight of this apartment is certainly the view you have from the balcony. On your left Montmartre and the Sacré Coeur and on your right the Eiffel Tower and the arch of triumph. Located at the 9th floor of a recent building, you have two large bedrooms and a large living room.Very bright, this apartment is very pleasant to live This apartment is equipped with : A/C, washer, TV, unlimited high speed internet access, terrace, DVD, stereo, computer, phone.  Close to the well-known "" rue de Levis"" where you have shops, restaurants, parisians café and , twice a week,a famous typical french market to fill your fridge with regional products.  10 minutes walk  , you will reach the Parc Monceau. The closest metro stations are Villiers or Malesherbes."
2406	Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,  The European capital of love, art and fashion is giving you a key and opening the door to discover the beauty and the mysteries of the worldwide history. And we offer you the opportunity to taste this delicious moment on your own.  Be my guest to enjoy your fruitful adventure staying in our brand new studio type junior suit, which has been renovated since 2012. Why “junior suit”, because it is the apartment with a separate living-sitting area (not a separate room) attached to a bedroom.  The studio is situated on the 4-th floor, on the sunny side of the street that makes the salon spacious and full of daylight. So far as this house has been built in the 19-th century, there is no elevator.  Fully renovated, minimal-style apartment to meet any clients needs with dining room, bedroom, living room and kitchen. Junior Suite attributes to room size of 27 square meters. Equipped with queen size bed, spacious living area with pull-out sofa and complete dining facil	J.S. is 27 sq m minimal-style apartment with a kitchen & separate living-sitting area attached to a bedroom Studio is on the quiet & sunny side of the street.19th century house w/o elevator. 2 min from metro. For more details plz check description Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,  The European capital of love, art and fashion is giving you a key and opening the door to discover the beauty and the mysteries of the worldwide history. And we offer you the opportunity to taste this delicious moment on your own.  Be my guest to enjoy your fruitful adventure staying in our brand new studio type junior suit, which has been renovated since 2012. Why “junior suit”, because it is the apartment with a separate living-sitting area (not a separate room) attached to a bedroom.  The studio is situated on the 4-th floor, on the sunny side of the street that makes the salon spacious and full of daylight. So far as this house has been built in the 19-th century, there is no elevator.  Fully renovated, minimal
2407		Charmant appartement confortable et lumineux, au cœur du célèbre quartier des batignolles, dans le 17ème arrondissement .
2408	There are two bedrooms that suits perfectly for 4 people. One room has a double bed and the other a very confortable double sofa bed. The living room is very cosy with a direct access to our private garden. The kitchen is fully equipped. The flat is perfect for two couples or a family with two kids.	62 sqm cosy and quiet apartment with 2 bedrooms, and a large living room with a direct access to our private garden. There are two bedrooms that suits perfectly for 4 people. One room has a double bed and the other a very confortable double sofa bed. The living room is very cosy with a direct access to our private garden. The kitchen is fully equipped. The flat is perfect for two couples or a family with two kids. You will access to the entire apartment, fully equipped:  -Bathroom with a bath and a shower, towels, soap, shampoo…  -2 bedrooms with bed sheets  -Fully equipped kitchen (fridge, oven, toaster and kettle)  -Washing machine  - Dish washer -Free wifi  -Recently renovated Echanging by email and phone. Depending on dates I will welcome you or friend of me. We are situated in a very pleasent neighborhood were you will find every thing you need to make you stay confortable. There are many restaurant, bakeries, wineries and supermarket around. There is also a daily market by a 10 m
2409	En plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles, à peine à 10 min de Montmartre. Rue très calme.Quartier animé même le dimanche.	Studio de 23m2 au 1er étage donnant sur rue calme, en face d'un jardin public et en plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles. Metro à 5 min. de marche. Très proche de Montmartre (à peine 10 min. à pied!). Quartier animé même le dimanche. En plein coeur du quartier des Batignolles, à peine à 10 min de Montmartre. Rue très calme.Quartier animé même le dimanche. Station de metro très proche. Quartier animé le dimanche. En face d'un jardin et à proximité de  deux autres. par téléphone, par mail ou à leur arrivée. commerces ouverts le dimanche, quantités de restaurants, proximité de Montmartre. metro ou bus.
2410	Make yourself COMFORTABLE:  in the spacious living room (25 sqm) with large sofa and leather club chair; in the QUIET bedroom with brand new queen size bed; in the en-suite bathroom with spa-shower. Enjoy a charming TYPICAL Parisian flat with (authentic wooden floor, cement tiles patchwork, natural stones) FULLY EQUIPPED (cable flat screen TV 42', DVD player, internet wifi fibre, semi-open kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine). Enjoy the SUNLIGHT all day (in the morning in the bedroom facing east, in the afternoon in the living room facing west)... but don’t forget to get out to visit Paris!	Typical Parisian flat_fully renovated in 2013_spacious_bright_warm and comfortable_ideally located to visit Paris Make yourself COMFORTABLE:  in the spacious living room (25 sqm) with large sofa and leather club chair; in the QUIET bedroom with brand new queen size bed; in the en-suite bathroom with spa-shower. Enjoy a charming TYPICAL Parisian flat with (authentic wooden floor, cement tiles patchwork, natural stones) FULLY EQUIPPED (cable flat screen TV 42', DVD player, internet wifi fibre, semi-open kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine). Enjoy the SUNLIGHT all day (in the morning in the bedroom facing east, in the afternoon in the living room facing west)... but don’t forget to get out to visit Paris! The flat is located on the 4th floor (no lift) of a traditional Parisian building protected with digicode. The flat will be completely yours so that you can really feel HOME! I was born in Paris and will be in town during your stay. I will be at your entire disposal to give you a
2411	Capacity: maximum 4 guests Superficie: 65 m² stay: minimim 3 nights Description :  With a contemporary design, this 65 m² apartment offers all of the modern luxuries: a well-equipped kitchen, stylish bathroom, a flat-screen television with a DVD player, and unlimited high-speed internet. - Entryway with dressing - A fully equipped kitchen: ceramic stovetop, microwave, electric oven, refrigerator, dishwashing machine, coffee maker, toaster, expandable table,air-conditioning, cot and high chair for baby - A bright and stylish bathroom with a bathtub/shower and massaging showerhead - An area to wash and dry your clothes - A futon bed (160 x 200 cm) and a high quality sofa-bed with fitted sheets, blankets, and pillows - Spacious bedroom - Office area with high-speed internet - Living room with couch and loveseat - Decorative chimney - Large flat-screen television with a DVD player and a HiFi system - Dining area with an expandable table  	Elysées Poncelet is a one-bedroom apartment located in Paris, a 9-minute walk from Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées. The elegant-style apartment offers parquet flooring and a view of the city. Free Wi-Fi access is provided. The apartment will  Capacity: maximum 4 guests Superficie: 65 m² stay: minimim 3 nights Description :  With a contemporary design, this 65 m² apartment offers all of the modern luxuries: a well-equipped kitchen, stylish bathroom, a flat-screen television with a DVD player, and unlimited high-speed internet. - Entryway with dressing - A fully equipped kitchen: ceramic stovetop, microwave, electric oven, refrigerator, dishwashing machine, coffee maker, toaster, expandable table,air-conditioning, cot and high chair for baby - A bright and stylish bathroom with a bathtub/shower and massaging showerhead - An area to wash and dry your clothes - A futon bed (160 x 200 cm) and a high quality sofa-bed with fitted sheets, blankets, and pillows - Spacious bedroom - Offic
2412	Sois le bienvenue !  Lors de ton séjour à Paris, il faut que tu te sentes chez toi, que tu trouves tout le confort nécessaire ; je ferai de mon mieux pour cela ! Je t’indiquerai aussi les bons plans si tu comptes bouger un peu. 	Be more than welcome ! I will prepare you a nice room and do my best to make your stay a very enjoyable moment. I will be interested to share about our culture and about my hobbies, and I will give you pieces of advice to visit Paris.
2413	A great 80m2 apartment fully renovated, 2 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe, with a long balcony and  a beautiful 45m2 rooftop fully furnished ! The flat is the only one on the top floor of the building and enjoys a very large living room with light passing through opening on a fully furnished kitchen (microwave, oven, steam oven, dishwasher, refrigerator / freezer / wine cellar ...). The night area consists of two areas: - A room overlooking the long balcony, with a private shower ideal for a child or may be equipped with an adult bed on demand. - The master bedroom also overlooking the long balcony and enjoying wide closet, private toilet and bathroom very spacious with an Italian shower (rain diffuser). The room has a flat screen TV with many channels. In addition, a utility room provides a washing machine / tumble dryer and WC . The apartment also offers wifi. The icing on the cake is  a private staircase from the lounge which takes you on the rooftop of the apartment fully fur	Trully enjoy Paris ! This flat is easy to live with high end furniture, large living room & a delightful rooftop with BBQ & Sundeck & kids swimming pool/ A great 80m2 apartment fully renovated, 2 minutes walk from the Arc de Triomphe, with a long balcony and  a beautiful 45m2 rooftop fully furnished ! The flat is the only one on the top floor of the building and enjoys a very large living room with light passing through opening on a fully furnished kitchen (microwave, oven, steam oven, dishwasher, refrigerator / freezer / wine cellar ...). The night area consists of two areas: - A room overlooking the long balcony, with a private shower ideal for a child or may be equipped with an adult bed on demand. - The master bedroom also overlooking the long balcony and enjoying wide closet, private toilet and bathroom very spacious with an Italian shower (rain diffuser). The room has a flat screen TV with many channels. In addition, a utility room provides a washing machine / tumble dryer and WC
2414	Logement unique par le choix et le temps que j'ai passé à le décorer! La vue et le calme sont aussi un élément appréciable surtout à Paris.                                                                                                         	Je vous propose mon appartement situé dans le 17e, à 1min de toutes commodités! Le métro est à 300m ce qui vous permet d'être sur les champs en moins de 12min (5 stations). L'appart est très calme et confortable situé au 5eme étage avec vue dégagée.  Logement unique par le choix et le temps que j'ai passé à le décorer! La vue et le calme sont aussi un élément appréciable surtout à Paris.                                                                                                          Accès à tout l'appart. la cuisine est toute équipée, micro-ondes, frigo... Les lits sont confortable. Je suis souvent en déplacement donc pour l'accueil,  ça sera la surprise. Je serai non présent dans le logement pendant le séjour. Le quartier est très convivial, proche des Batignolles et également près des puces pour les amateurs comme moi. Quartier animé le jour et très calme la nuit. Pas besoin de voiture car les transports en communs sont nombreux et j'ai accès au centre de Paris en moins de de
2415	"Levallois is really next to Paris. you ll have all the advantages of a ""chic Parisian suburb"", 20 mn WALK from the Champs Elysées, or Porte Maillot/Palais des Congrés. we rent our flat when we are away, so it s fully equiped. we are at the 4th floor, (no lift). the apartment is a very big Parisian one. 130m²., as a Duplex. when you enter, you have a big Kitchen, fully equiped (nespresso; dish washer, toaster,..) it s a US kitchen , with a ""bar"" that opens on the living room. Kitchen is big enough to eat with 4 people. perfect for nice breakfasts with the croissants you ll buy at the bakery downstairs!! living room is quite big with a big flat screen TV. dining room modern (with 6 chairs), and a piano! on the same level, you ll have our master s bedroom (Bed 160*190), TV in the room, and a big Bathroom, with a bath tube and facilities such as a washing machine. WC at this level. At the upper level, 3 bedrooms with 1 single bed in each (90*190). you can see the Eiffel Tower from my daugh"	"family apartment, 4 bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms. place where we live, so fully equipped. Levallois is really next to Paris, with a Village life (bakery, butcher, ...) and easy to visit Paris. (email hidden) walk welcome to families ;-)) Levallois is really next to Paris. you ll have all the advantages of a ""chic Parisian suburb"", 20 mn WALK from the Champs Elysées, or Porte Maillot/Palais des Congrés. we rent our flat when we are away, so it s fully equiped. we are at the 4th floor, (no lift). the apartment is a very big Parisian one. 130m²., as a Duplex. when you enter, you have a big Kitchen, fully equiped (nespresso; dish washer, toaster,..) it s a US kitchen , with a ""bar"" that opens on the living room. Kitchen is big enough to eat with 4 people. perfect for nice breakfasts with the croissants you ll buy at the bakery downstairs!! living room is quite big with a big flat screen TV. dining room modern (with 6 chairs), and a piano! on the same level, you ll have our master s bedroom (Bed 1"
2416	"This apartment provides also a lovely terrasse with a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the private tree filled garden of the building, from where you could hear the bird song.  It will be a way to enjoy the real ""parisian life"" in a calm, comfortable and clean room. I hope so it should be the really good alternative to over priced hotels in the area !"	"Charming privatized flat (42 square) on 5th floor with elevator lift and balcony. This flat is near Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées (8 min walk). Located in the heart of 17th district of Paris between Porte maillot and Place des ternes. This apartment provides also a lovely terrasse with a wonderful view on the parisian roofs and on the private tree filled garden of the building, from where you could hear the bird song.  It will be a way to enjoy the real ""parisian life"" in a calm, comfortable and clean room. I hope so it should be the really good alternative to over priced hotels in the area ! full apartment If you have any question, don’t hesitate to contact us by e-mail or phone,  we can help you to plan your trip ! This flat is the perfect location for your stay in Paris: closed to Champs Elysées, Arc de Triomphe, Parc Monceau & Palais des Congrès. Located in the heart of 17th district of Paris between Porte maillot and Place des ternes, the neighbourhood is quiet and very safe "
2417	Accès ligne 13, métro brochant ou la fourche I speak english y hablo español! Accès ligne 13, métro brochant ou la fourche I speak english y hablo español! Accès ligne 13, métro brochant ou la fourche I speak english y hablo español! Accès ligne 13, métro brochant ou la fourche I speak english y hablo español!	     Large one roomed flat, 3rd floor, very calm and bright. Double bed and large sofa. Welcome home!      
2418	Bonjour,  Etant peu présente dans mon appartement, je vous le propose à la location. C'est un studio design qui vient d'être refait à neuf, parfaitement propre et impeccable, qui bénéficie du soleil toute la journée. Il est situé en plein coeur des batignolles, presque à l'angle de la rue de Lévis et de la rue Legendre. C'est un quartier ou vous pourrez trouver tout type de commerces au pieds de l'immeuble: restaurants, boulangerie, boucherie, poissonerie, primeur, épiceries... vous aurez l'embarras du choix ! 	DESIGN STUDIO of 30m2 Batignolles, renovated, light wooden floors , sofa bed two comfortable seats , LCD TV with Canal +, extra single bed, bathroom with shower, kitchen microwave oven / fridge / halogen hob, toilet.
2419	Superb suite room with parquet in the 17th arrondissement in the Batignolles. This room can accommodate 1-2 people. Parisian charm is unique! Enjoy!	Gorgeous private room for 1 or 2 people with a Parisian parquet. There is a dressing room, unlimited free wi-fi, a vertical ironing station, all very welcoming. Right next to the subway and bike station Live like a Parisian! Superb suite room with parquet in the 17th arrondissement in the Batignolles. This room can accommodate 1-2 people. Parisian charm is unique! Enjoy! Parquet, dressing, ironing station Steam, unlimited Wi-Fi, TV in the living room, bathroom with shower, toilet and accessible kitchen. I will not be present in the dwelling but a friend will be. I will do everything to make you feel comfortable, you can enjoy the comfort and you have a beautiful view of the city of light. The Batignolles neighborhood in the 17th arrondissement of Paris is a very nice area, open to others, with two parks nearby, and all the small shops that give Paris this incredible charm as breweries, bakeries, delicatessens, florists. .. Metro station and bike close to the apartment. The apartment is
2420	The room is very private & the 5th Floor gives you lots of light	Super cosy & classy Flat with everything - very private room - shared bathroom and kitchen- very bright and modern - calm and yet lots of bars and restaurants around - everything is The room is very private & the 5th Floor gives you lots of light YOu shall be free to use the living, the kitchen etc. I shall inform you of all the wonderful place to se and to go to ;-) Closest metro will be Brochant and Rome - bus n° 66, 53 going to the Opera and N° 31 going to Champs Elysees (all approx 15 min)
2421	The building is in the 17th district. Les Epinettes is a calmer part of town which offers a pleasant community life with lots of shops. It draws young adults who like to have a drink downstairs or walk to Montmartre in 20 min. - bus 31 : Pont-neuf in 25 min, bus 66 : Opéra in 20 min  - subway (line 13) in 7 min by foot : Saint-Lazare/Haussmann in 10 min, Champs-Elysées in 15 min, Montparnasse en 25 minutes... - wi-fi / TV (convenient if you hate Paris)/ DVD player - washing machine / ceramic hobs / microwave-grill - beware : 6th floor (7th US), no elevator ! - bonus, view (distant, but still) on some high metal tower.             -----------------------------------------	Nice one-bedroom 350 sq ft flat, very light, in a quiet building, with all you need for a pleasant stay !  The building is in the 17th district. Les Epinettes is a calmer part of town which offers a pleasant community life with lots of shops. It draws young adults who like to have a drink downstairs or walk to Montmartre in 20 min. - bus 31 : Pont-neuf in 25 min, bus 66 : Opéra in 20 min  - subway (line 13) in 7 min by foot : Saint-Lazare/Haussmann in 10 min, Champs-Elysées in 15 min, Montparnasse en 25 minutes... - wi-fi / TV (convenient if you hate Paris)/ DVD player - washing machine / ceramic hobs / microwave-grill - beware : 6th floor (7th US), no elevator ! - bonus, view (distant, but still) on some high metal tower.             ----------------------------------------- FRANÇAIS  Joli deux-pièces de 32m², très clair, dans immeuble calme, avec tout le nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour !  L'immeuble hausmannien est situé dans la partie plus populaire du 17ème arrondissement, à l
2422	Il se trouve près de la rue de la Jonquière avec café, bar, restaurant et commerces.	Appartement refait à Neuf à Paris 17ème , il est desservi par de nombreuses lignes de bus et de métro. Cet appartement est pratique pour explorer la capitale en toute facilité  à 15mn des Champs Elysées. Il est très claire, lumineux et ensoleillé. Il est sans vis à vis. L' appartement de 2 pièce au 5ème étages sans ascenseur, pour 4 personnes max Il se trouve près de la rue de la Jonquière avec café, bar, restaurant et commerces. il se se compose d’une cuisine indépendante, d’une belle chambre, d'un spacieux salon avec canapé convertible et d'une salle de bain moderne. Dans une ambiance épurée et contemporaine, nous vous assurons un séjour des plus cosy et agréable. ENTIÈREMENT MEUBLÉ Linge fourni CUISINE ÉQUIPÉE Réfrigérateur, micro-onde combiné (grill et micro-ondes), plaque a induction, Machine à laver vaisselle ... Salle de bain avec baignoire sabot. Je mets tout en oeuvre pour que mes hôtes se sentent à Paris comme chez eux et je ne manque pas de leur donner les meilleurs conseils
2423	Le logement a été entièrement rénové. Il est très agréable car traversant et très lumineux. 	Joli 2 pièces très lumineux. Proche métro, RER et bus. Le très connu quartier des Batignolles est à 5 minutes à pieds. Vous pourrez ainsi profiter des parcs, restaurants et bars si vous le souhaitez. Montmartre est à peine plus d'1km. Le logement a été entièrement rénové. Il est très agréable car traversant et très lumineux. Machine a laver, lave vaisselle, micro onde, frigidaire, machine Nespresso, Grille Pain, TV, internet. Vous trouverez tous types de commerces à proximité (supermarché, superette, presse...).  Il y a de nombreux restaurants et bars très agréables dans le quartier. Dans la même rue vous pourrez profiter d'une brasserie branché et bon marché (Irene et Bernard). En remontant la rue des moines pendant 5 minutes vous vous rendrez dans le très connu quartier des Batignolles. Vous pourrez ainsi profiter des bars et restaurant du quartier.  Enfin, le célèbre quartier de Montmatre se trouve à peine un peu plus d'1 km. Vous trouverez:  -à moins de 2 minutes à pieds: le métro 
2424	It s a very original loft in paris	It s a very original loft in paris
2425	My dad and I renovated it together and I live in it: it's been made with all our love! You'll enjoy the interior windows separating the bedroom from the living room, tailored kitchen, huge sofa and good quality bed! Wifi, cable flatscreen TV, BT speakers...	Hi guys! Looking for a modern, good looking, comfy and convenient place to stay? Overlooking the courtyard, my sunny apartment is in a very cool area of Paris, Les Batignolles, only 3 min walk from metro Brochant Line 13, &15min walk from Montmartre! My dad and I renovated it together and I live in it: it's been made with all our love! You'll enjoy the interior windows separating the bedroom from the living room, tailored kitchen, huge sofa and good quality bed! Wifi, cable flatscreen TV, BT speakers... All of it! You can count on me if you need anything, I'll be staying a few minutes away, have been born and raised in Paris, and will let you know all about what you can do  to make your stay better. Batignolles is like the Brooklyn of Paris... with gentrification this area became a really trendy spot with lots of cool bars, semi-gastro restaurants, mostly young urban professionals there and everything opens quite late! 3 min walk from metro Brochant line 13: trust me you get anywhere i
2426	"The apartment has just been refurbished.  It's located métro Guy Moquet, 1 minute from square des épinettes. Half way between Montmartre and Batignolles, take a walk and you will hit these places! We really appreciate having many shops around: between the flat and the metro, no less than 4 bakeries, 3 butchers,...  fish, flowers and supermarket are around the corner Enter a private property, filled with flowers and trees. Reach the end of the allée, walk to the third (and last) floor, and you will reach this quiet place. It's very clear, just below the roof with large windows to the sky. The place used to be an atelier d'artiste.  It's very charming, and we will love to explain you more about this place. Find below a quick description, to help you understand how it's made:  - A big living room with much light is the place where you stay: fully equipped kitchen opened on the dining area and ""salon"", with the sky and a piano, the old furniture and the artist studio's bulkheads. The sofa "	"The apartment has just been refurbished.  It's located métro Guy Moquet, 1 minute from square des épinettes. Half way between Montmartre and Batignolles, take a walk and you will hit these places! We really appreciate having many shops around: between the flat and the metro, no less than 4 bakeries, 3 butchers,...  fish, flowers and supermarket are around the corner Enter a private property, filled with flowers and trees. Reach the end of the allée, walk to the third (and last) floor, and you will reach this quiet place. It's very clear, just below the roof with large windows to the sky. The place used to be an atelier d'artiste.  It's very charming, and we will love to explain you more about this place. Find below a quick description, to help you understand how it's made:  - A big living room with much light is the place where you stay: fully equipped kitchen opened on the dining area and ""salon"", with the sky and a piano, the old furniture and the artist studio's bulkheads. The sofa "
2427	IN BRIEF Welcome in my studio apartment! It’s the perfect place to enjoy the delights of Paris. Ideal for a couple. Very convenient, modern, and quiet apartment.  DESCRIPTION • 5th floor without elevator (very sunny apartment) • Surface of 27 m2, with beautiful wood flooring • 1 comfortable bed (140x200) • 1 large sofa ideal (ideal for a nap) • 1 large table • 1 wardrobe (I will provide you the space you need to put your luggage) • Washing machine • Large TV (with pay TV channels) • Wireless High speed Internet (codes provided) • Kitchen: modern and convenient: oven, fridge with freezer with all the stuff to cook and to drink (Ustensils, plates) • Bathroom: shower, WC, basin I PROVIDE - clean sheets and towels CLEANING Fees are charged for the cleaning. THE AREA The flat is ideally located, 5 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées Avenue.  Just down the street, you can find a typical French market (bakeries, cheese sellers, butcheries, wine sellers, and restaurants), a	Very convenient, modern, and quiet apartment. IN BRIEF Welcome in my studio apartment! It’s the perfect place to enjoy the delights of Paris. Ideal for a couple. Very convenient, modern, and quiet apartment.  DESCRIPTION • 5th floor without elevator (very sunny apartment) • Surface of 27 m2, with beautiful wood flooring • 1 comfortable bed (140x200) • 1 large sofa ideal (ideal for a nap) • 1 large table • 1 wardrobe (I will provide you the space you need to put your luggage) • Washing machine • Large TV (with pay TV channels) • Wireless High speed Internet (codes provided) • Kitchen: modern and convenient: oven, fridge with freezer with all the stuff to cook and to drink (Ustensils, plates) • Bathroom: shower, WC, basin I PROVIDE - clean sheets and towels CLEANING Fees are charged for the cleaning. THE AREA The flat is ideally located, 5 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs-Elysées Avenue.  Just down the street, you can find a typical French market (bakeries, cheese sellers,
2428	L appartement est idéalement situé dans le 17eme dans un immeuble tres calme donnant sur jardin, non loin de Montmartre à 10 minutes à pieds , le Parc Monceau et le marché aux puces de Saint Ouen .  Le logement est confortable , avec deux chambres , l'une est équipée d'un grand lit futon et la deuxième d'un canapé-lit convertible.  Vous aurez accès à une salle de bain rénovée avec douche et toilettes séparées.  La cuisine est bien équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour un repas en amoureux.  L appartement est est capable de recevoir 4 personnes. cuisine , salle de bain , chambres Vous pouvez me contacter à n 'importe quel moment et je tacherai de vous répondre des que possible . Le quartier est super pratique pour les sorties parisiennes , vous pouvez rentrer à pieds en toute sécurité le logement est situé à 2mn du métro Guy Moquet , et 5mn du métro Brochant ouvert d 'esprit , photographe de profession	L appartement est idéalement situé dans le 17eme dans un immeuble tres calme donnant sur jardin, non loin de Montmartre à 10 minutes à pieds , le Parc Monceau et le marché aux puces de Saint Ouen .  Le logement est confortable , avec deux chambres , l'une est équipée d'un grand lit futon et la deuxième d'un canapé-lit convertible.  Vous aurez accès à une salle de bain rénovée avec douche et toilettes séparées.  La cuisine est bien équipée avec tout le nécessaire pour un repas en amoureux.  L appartement est est capable de recevoir 4 personnes. cuisine , salle de bain , chambres Vous pouvez me contacter à n 'importe quel moment et je tacherai de vous répondre des que possible . Le quartier est super pratique pour les sorties parisiennes , vous pouvez rentrer à pieds en toute sécurité le logement est situé à 2mn du métro Guy Moquet , et 5mn du métro Brochant ouvert d 'esprit , photographe de profession
2429	Two bedrooms apartment (175m²) on high floor (with elevator), balcony and stunning view on the Arc de Triomphe. Very central, 7 minutes walking from the Champs-Elysées, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré,Transportation, restaurants and shops all around.	Our authentic Parisian flat with balcony and stunning view on the Arc de Triomphe is located in a great neighbourhood, only seven minutes walking from the Champs-Elysees, Saint-Honoré, with transportation, restaurants, shops and markets all around. Two bedrooms apartment (175m²) on high floor (with elevator), balcony and stunning view on the Arc de Triomphe. Very central, 7 minutes walking from the Champs-Elysées, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré,Transportation, restaurants and shops all around. Air conditioning  Living room (50m²) with flat screen TV and cable Dining room (28m²) 2 bedrooms (18m² and 20m²) with double beds 2 bathrooms (one with bath, one with shower) 2 toilets (separated from bathrooms) Balcony with a small terrace (table for 4) with view on the Arc de Triomphe Kitchen fully equipped (fridge, microwave, electric hub, oven, dishwasher, rice cooker, toaster, Nespresso coffee maker, kettle,  blender, etc.)  Free Wifi We are happy to provide our guests with suggestions on rest
2430		Bel appartement 75m2 , séjour salon, 2 chambres et belle salle de Bains à 300m Arc de Triomphe et Champs Elysées. (Lignes 1, 2, 6 et RER A) à proximité du marché Ternes. Tout équipé et meublé.
2431		"cosy flat, 2 steps from the champs elysees and Eiffel Tower, calm and very well situated surrounded by parks such as the Parc Monceau & tuileries, fully equipped, smart tv 55 curved ""relax sofa, double bed 2 places, internet, kitchen separate fitted. vous aurez l'acces exclusif a la totalité du logement je serai disponible a paris pour répondre a vos besoins  et faire en sorte que vous passiez un bon sejour sans manquer les petits charmes de paris inconnus des touristes quartier Etoile/ternes tres agréable, beaucoup de restaurants et brunch, des bars sympas et des parcs a proximité tres bien desservi, 3 lignes de Metro et une ligne RER pour vous emmener ou vous voulez dans la capitale et ses environs"
2432	"The appartment is located 3 minutes from the famous place ""de l'Etoile"" and the ""Poncelet Market in a quiet street, in a ground floor .  Its garden landscape with a nice individual terrasse is quiet exceptionnal and rare in the center of Paris. In the appartment, you have a nice living room with a sofa reads , a large TV with internationals channels and the wifi is free and at your disposal. The nice kitchen includes all electronics equipments : wash dishes, oven,dishes,freezer.  The kitchen can be separated  by two glasses with a nice leaving room (with a table and 4 chairs).  The room contains a bed for two personns, the big leaving room can welcomed 2 other persons. The bathroom contains a bathtub and a shower, the toilets and the washing machine.   The flat is totally new and has been renovated. The heating is electric, the wooden parquet is exotic and totally new. The flat is secured with unbreakable windows  and an alarm with a remote monitoring 24 hours.   "	"The appartment is located 3 minutes from the famous place ""de l'Etoile"" and the ""Poncelet Market in a quiet street, in a ground floor .  Its garden landscape with a nice individual terrasse is quiet exceptionnal and rare in the center of Paris. In the appartment, you have a nice living room with a sofa reads , a large TV with internationals channels and the wifi is free and at your disposal. The nice kitchen includes all electronics equipments : wash dishes, oven,dishes,freezer.  The kitchen can be separated  by two glasses with a nice leaving room (with a table and 4 chairs).  The room contains a bed for two personns, the big leaving room can welcomed 2 other persons. The bathroom contains a bathtub and a shower, the toilets and the washing machine.   The flat is totally new and has been renovated. The heating is electric, the wooden parquet is exotic and totally new. The flat is secured with unbreakable windows  and an alarm with a remote monitoring 24 hours.    The travelers have ac"
2433	Dans un immeuble typique parisien, mon appartement de 45 m2 vous accueillera avec grand plaisir.	Belle chambre de 14 m2 dans un 3 pièces à deux pas de la station Guy Moquet avec accès au salon équipé, cuisine et salle de bain. Accès facile aux commerces, DAB, vélib et services. Dans un immeuble typique parisien, mon appartement de 45 m2 vous accueillera avec grand plaisir. Vous aurez accès bien évidemment à la cuisine équipée, à la salle de bain et au salon (télévision, piano...) Etudiant/Stagiaire, je vous accueillerais avec plaisir pour vos séjours de tout type à Paris.  English fluently spoken! Le métro est à une minute de l'appartement. Vous avez aussi accès par bus (ligne 31 pour venir de la gare du Nord et de l'Est et ligne 81 pour venir de Chatelet ou l'Opéra). Station de vélib à la sortie de l'immeuble.
2434	100 meters from the Champs Elysees! The Arc de Triomphe apartment enjoys an exceptional location, just 100 meters from the Arc de Triomphe. The ideal starting point for a walk down the Champs Elysees! Subway stop Charles de Gaulle-Etoile is also just 100 meters away, with direct access to the Eiffel Tower (line 6), Montmartre (line 2), the Louvre, the Marais and Bastille (line 1) and even Disneyland Paris (RER A). Here on business? La Défense also has direct access via line 1 or RER A. The apartment: Superbly redone, this is a great studio overlooking the inner court, on the 5th floor of a Haussmannian building with elevator. The building's entrance has a double door with security code access. The living room is very quiet and full of light thanks to large bay-windows. The open-plan kitchen's modern decor and equipment blend in beautifully with the centennial hardwood floors, whilst the large kitchen counter will allow you to enjoy your meals or a glass of wine with friends. A comforta	. 100 meters from the Champs Elysees! The Arc de Triomphe apartment enjoys an exceptional location, just 100 meters from the Arc de Triomphe. The ideal starting point for a walk down the Champs Elysees! Subway stop Charles de Gaulle-Etoile is also just 100 meters away, with direct access to the Eiffel Tower (line 6), Montmartre (line 2), the Louvre, the Marais and Bastille (line 1) and even Disneyland Paris (RER A). Here on business? La Défense also has direct access via line 1 or RER A. The apartment: Superbly redone, this is a great studio overlooking the inner court, on the 5th floor of a Haussmannian building with elevator. The building's entrance has a double door with security code access. The living room is very quiet and full of light thanks to large bay-windows. The open-plan kitchen's modern decor and equipment blend in beautifully with the centennial hardwood floors, whilst the large kitchen counter will allow you to enjoy your meals or a glass of wine with friends. A comfor
2435	3 bedrooms (2 with a large bed, one with a trundle bed). 2 bathrooms. Dressing.Living room, dining room, separated toilets. Free Wifi access, Web TV, free land line phone calls to Europe, USA, China, Japan, Australia, Canada, Brasil and so on ... (not free to call cells phones except for France, USA, Canada and China) Separate kitchen well accessorized: big fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, Nespresso cofee machine, microwaves and heat grill .... If you need we have a baby bed and toys. This flat is a secured building with a guardian and is ideal for Shopping, Business, Entertainment, (email hidden) walk you have a typical parisian market, rue Poncelet and a Monoprix supermarket. Many good restaurants and shops all around. Bed linen and towels are provided. See you soon !	"Cosy and sunny aprt 104 m² at the last floor (elevator) in a quiet and safe street at 200m from the Etoile ""Arc de triomphe"" and near the ""Champs Elysées"". It is not a dedicated apartment for rent. It is our own flat in Paris that we rent few months 3 bedrooms (2 with a large bed, one with a trundle bed). 2 bathrooms. Dressing.Living room, dining room, separated toilets. Free Wifi access, Web TV, free land line phone calls to Europe, USA, China, Japan, Australia, Canada, Brasil and so on ... (not free to call cells phones except for France, USA, Canada and China) Separate kitchen well accessorized: big fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, Nespresso cofee machine, microwaves and heat grill .... If you need we have a baby bed and toys. This flat is a secured building with a guardian and is ideal for Shopping, Business, Entertainment, (email hidden) walk you have a typical parisian market, rue Poncelet and a Monoprix supermarket. Many good restaurants and shops all around. Bed line"
2436	The best location in Paris to stay, to visit, for buisness or for culture...	SPLENDID 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT IN AV MAC MAHON  90m² 5th floor elevator View on Arc de Triomphe, 2mn from Av Champs Elysees, 1 mn from Taxi station, Airport bus and metro CDG Etoile Haussmanian building, parquet, marble and luxuous household appliance The best location in Paris to stay, to visit, for buisness or for culture... Booklet with touristic (suggested restaurants, monuments to visit in the area...), shopping and transport information will be provided to you at your arrival. Private taxi can be booked for your arrival or departure (optional). You will stay very close from  Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe which means plenty of shops and restaurants. Grossery stores are 3mn walk away and your shopping may be delivered if you want to.
2437		Bel appartement de 31m² rénové récemment. Situé dans un bel immeuble de standing, il convient à tous, que vous y séjourniez pour les vacances ou le travail.  Équipé de tous les éléments nécessaires (four, TV, Internet, machine à laver, lecteur DVD)
2438	"Charming apartment in a typical Parisian building located 3 minutes walk from the famous Avenue des Champs Elysées and 2 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe. apartment: located on the first floor (no elevator) of a small paved courtyard, this apartment with exposed beams and wooden floors is composed of a living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a double bed, wardrobe and a bathroom with toilet and shower. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, hob, fridge, dishwasher, sink, toaster and other kitchen utensils. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, washing machine and towel warmer. Living room: 1 large sofa ( convertible into a bed for 2 people) and two small sofa, a low table, bar, flat screen 42 ""with access to cable channels, free WiFi connection, radiator, etc.. Bedroom: Equipped with a double bed and a large wardrobe, side court, it is very quiet and pleasant. The district: Ideally located in Paris, The area is especially nice for little cafes / b"	"Charming apartment in a typical Parisian building located 3 minutes walk from the famous Avenue des Champs Elysées and 2 minutes from the Arc de Triomphe. apartment: located on the first floor (no elevator) of a small paved courtyard, this apartment with exposed beams and wooden floors is composed of a living room with fully equipped kitchen, a bedroom with a double bed, wardrobe and a bathroom with toilet and shower. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, microwave, hob, fridge, dishwasher, sink, toaster and other kitchen utensils. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, toilet, washing machine and towel warmer. Living room: 1 large sofa ( convertible into a bed for 2 people) and two small sofa, a low table, bar, flat screen 42 ""with access to cable channels, free WiFi connection, radiator, etc.. Bedroom: Equipped with a double bed and a large wardrobe, side court, it is very quiet and pleasant. The district: Ideally located in Paris, The area is especially nice for little cafes / b"
2439	Spacey, airy and comfortable 62 square meter apartment with 1 bedroom. In addition to the double bed, there is a sofa bed in the living room and a double bunk bed in the bedroom.  The living/dining room opens up into a beautiful courtyard garden, which belongs to the building.  The apartment has a small patio just outside the terrace doors, convenient for a Sunday brunch or an afternoon coffee break.	Modern and quiet 1-bedroom flat, ideal for a couple, located in Rue des Acacias, within a walking distance (5 min) from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées. It's a ground floor flat in a well-kept apartment building with a big courtyard garden. Spacey, airy and comfortable 62 square meter apartment with 1 bedroom. In addition to the double bed, there is a sofa bed in the living room and a double bunk bed in the bedroom.  The living/dining room opens up into a beautiful courtyard garden, which belongs to the building.  The apartment has a small patio just outside the terrace doors, convenient for a Sunday brunch or an afternoon coffee break. There's two nearby stations: Argentine (Metro line 1) and Charles de Gaulles / Etoile (RER A, Metro lines 1, 2 and 6). There are also velib stations 5 min away and a stop of a night bus (N11).
2440	In a good standing building from the end of the 19th century, made safe by a code and equipped with a lift, the Paris apartment is on the third floor and is protected by two dead-bolted doors. The furniture and equipment are of top quality and tastefully chosen and you will feel as if you were at home. Central air conditioning and a safe-box are also available. The main room of this Paris vacation rental is equipped with a sofa that is in fact two singles beds. There is a marble table in the kitchen corner and a bench that will allow you to store your luggage inside. The kitchen is open on this room. The two bedrooms are equipped with comfortable double beds and mirrored shelves from where you will be able to comfortably put your makeup on or to write a few words to friends less lucky than you… The bathrooms are accessible from the main room and have both walk-in shower and lavatories. For a very reasonable price, five friends or a family of five people will be able to spend days that 	For a very reasonable price, five friends or a family of five people will be able to spend days that will be etched in their memories for a long time in a high quality, well located and affordable Paris apartment. In a good standing building from the end of the 19th century, made safe by a code and equipped with a lift, the Paris apartment is on the third floor and is protected by two dead-bolted doors. The furniture and equipment are of top quality and tastefully chosen and you will feel as if you were at home. Central air conditioning and a safe-box are also available. The main room of this Paris vacation rental is equipped with a sofa that is in fact two singles beds. There is a marble table in the kitchen corner and a bench that will allow you to store your luggage inside. The kitchen is open on this room. The two bedrooms are equipped with comfortable double beds and mirrored shelves from where you will be able to comfortably put your makeup on or to write a few words to friends l
2441		Superbe 2 pieces à deux pas de la place de l'etoile et de l'arc de triomphe et biensur de la plus belle avenue du monde les Champs-Elysées!  
2442	You are on a business trip or you discover Paris, this property is for you! Studio for 1 or 2 people ideally located close to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. The space: 6th floor with lift, you will find a living space with: - Living room with double sofa / bed - Flat screen TV and Wi-Fi - Fully equipped kitchen - A bathroom with bath and separate WC. For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight	You are on a business trip or you discover Paris, this property is for you! Studio for 1 or 2 people ideally located close to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. You are on a business trip or you discover Paris, this property is for you! Studio for 1 or 2 people ideally located close to the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. The space: 6th floor with lift, you will find a living space with: - Living room with double sofa / bed - Flat screen TV and Wi-Fi - Fully equipped kitchen - A bathroom with bath and separate WC. For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for a check-in between 10.00pm and 12.00/midnight - 100€ after 12.00/midnight Enter the legend of the Champs-Elysees. Trample the legendary boulevard which connects the Arc de Triomphe to the Concorde. Discover all the great shops luxury brands but also the other side of the fields, that of a thriving, full of history, heady fragrance and delicious aroma of cappuccino. He
2443	Very spacious 2 bedroom appartement near from Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, one of the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris. The appartement is located near from the amazing Charles de Gaulle Étoile square. There are 2 bright rooms, both with queen size (very confortable) beds, a living room with van american kitchen, a bathroom and the toilets. The square is really awesome: you'll find typical french bistrots, a good italian caterer, a nice florist,  cool bars, a bakery and the Saint Ferdinand Church. You'll also have all the amenities super close (supermarket, fruits market, organic market, wine store,...). The apartment is close to two parcs (parc Monceau and Bois de Boulogne), if you feel like going for a run or simply having a great picnic! There are plenty of bus, subways and velib stations to reach all the areas of Paris easily.	Very spacious appartement near from the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysées avenue, one of the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris. There are 2 rooms, both with queen size beds, a living room with american kitchen, a bathroom and a restroom. Very spacious 2 bedroom appartement near from Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe, one of the most beautiful neighborhood of Paris. The appartement is located near from the amazing Charles de Gaulle Étoile square. There are 2 bright rooms, both with queen size (very confortable) beds, a living room with van american kitchen, a bathroom and the toilets. The square is really awesome: you'll find typical french bistrots, a good italian caterer, a nice florist,  cool bars, a bakery and the Saint Ferdinand Church. You'll also have all the amenities super close (supermarket, fruits market, organic market, wine store,...). The apartment is close to two parcs (parc Monceau and Bois de Boulogne), if you feel like going for a run or simply having a great 
2444	Appartement calme et clair situé dans une rue calme et atypique donnant sur une cour intérieure privée. Toute commodité prévue.  Salle d'eau : douche, lavabo, toilettes, serviettes fournies, séchoir à cheveux Vrai grand lit 2 places. Draps fournis. Rangements Cuisine : vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, fer et table à repasser, machine à laver Coin bureau et Wifi dans tout l'appartement. 	Charmant Studio de 25m2 au pied de la butte Montmartre avec salle de bain, cuisine équipée. Bien desservi en transports et commerces. Se situe dans une cour calme et fleurie. Commodités : TV, wifi, réfrigérateur, micro-ondes, four, plaque Appartement calme et clair situé dans une rue calme et atypique donnant sur une cour intérieure privée. Toute commodité prévue.  Salle d'eau : douche, lavabo, toilettes, serviettes fournies, séchoir à cheveux Vrai grand lit 2 places. Draps fournis. Rangements Cuisine : vaisselle, ustensiles de cuisine, fer et table à repasser, machine à laver Coin bureau et Wifi dans tout l'appartement. Accès par code permettant une arrivée tard le soir et un départ tôt le matin. Le Studio est entièrement pour les voyageurs. Par téléphone, mail ou SMS. Nous serons présents pour les arrivées et départs et nous ferons notre possible pour vous aider à profiter au mieux de Paris. Quartier bobo par excellence.. animé, vivant et culturellement riche au pied de la Butte Mont
2445		Dans un immeuble Haussmannien, au 5ème étage, avec balcon et vue sur l'arc de triomphe, étage complet avec double séjour et canapé-lit, 2 chambres, dont 1 avec douche, cuisine.  A 2 pas des Champs-Élysées. Métro au pied de l'immeuble Appartement 3 pièces, comprenant 2 chambres avec chacune un lit double, et un double séjour avec canapé-lit (2 places). Soit un total de 6 couchages.  Idéal pour 4 adultes et 2 enfants.
2446	Mon appartement est parfait pour un couple ou deux personnes , tout équipé  et confortable	charmant deux pièces tout confort et idéalement situé entre les grds magasins , les champs élysées et le quartier des batignolles Mon appartement est parfait pour un couple ou deux personnes , tout équipé  et confortable situé à une minute du métro villier qui est desservi par deux lignes de métro . vous trouvez des bornes des taxi , des arrêts de bus des vélibs et des autolib juste en bas de l'immeuble . j'essaierai au maximum d'être disponible et joignable pour toutes questions , renseignement et autres conseils . mon appartement est situé non loin des champs élysée , a 10 min a pied des grands magasins et tout proche de (website hidden) rue de Lévis vous proposera de nombreux commerce de bouches et de petits artisans. a proximité du métro villier ligne 3 et 2.nombreux arrêt de bus et bornes de taxi à proximité .
2447		Nice one bedroom apartment  with an additional sleeping sofa for two more persons  kitchen, washing machine, 42' TV 250m away the Arc de Triumph
2448	The appartment can host 3 people, as the sofa can turn to a bed. We have made a priority of calm. This is why the bedroom is fitted on the courtyard  side  of the building. The apartment is sunny and you will find all the comfort needed to spend some pleasant days in paris.	Welcome to my 40 square meters appartment. Very near from the Champs Elysées, it is located in a beautiful avenue where you will find all possible distractions. It is close to major subway lines of the city and still cosy if you like to rest in Paris The appartment can host 3 people, as the sofa can turn to a bed. We have made a priority of calm. This is why the bedroom is fitted on the courtyard  side  of the building. The apartment is sunny and you will find all the comfort needed to spend some pleasant days in paris. You will have free access to kitchen - an oven, and all the necessary accessories to cook. There is also a washing machine, a TV, hi- fi, unlimited access to wifi. And of course lots of books and magazines. Animals are strictly forbidden even though we adore them, and we do NOT provide bathroom towels. Lots of beautiful places are within walking distance. The appartment is located on a famous avenue near the Champs-Elysees, you have a daily market 3 minutes walking dist
2449		"Je vous propose un charmant T2 de 50m2 pouvant accueillir 4 personnes (1Lit + 1Convertible) dans une rue calme proche de toutes commodités (commerces, restaurants, magasins) et activités (Montmartre, Parc Monceau, Grands Magasins,...)Le temps de votre séjour vous devrez composer avec mon adorable petit chat. Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement sans exception. Je vis dans une rue très calme mais entourée par les commerces de proximités. On y retrouve un esprit de quartier dont seul Paris a le secret ! Les commerçants de la rue Lévis sont souriants et chaleureux et nous donne le sourire même si l'on entre dans leur magasin juste ""pour regarder"". Si vous n'êtes pas adeptes du Monoprix vous pourrez sans aucun problème vous réapprovisionner chez eux. Vous y trouverez boucher, charcutier, fromagerie, boulangerie, fabriquant de cookies artisanaux, librairie, ... Et j'en passe ! Le tout en étant à quelque stations (4 exactement) des grands magasins. Metro : Villier (ligne 2 et 3) Ga"
2450	The apartment has a small bedroom with twin bed and a living room with a king size futon. It's equipped with full kitchen and a bathroom with shower.	Perfectly located between the Arc de Triomphe and the Porte Maillot airport shuttle stop, my top floor apartment is ideal for travelers who want to explore Paris and its surroundings.
2451	One room apt in st. germain for 2 or 3 ppl near Bon Marché, Saint Placide, Saint Sulpice & Montparnasse. Neighbourhood with shops, restaurants and (website hidden) market on sunday (5 min walk). Double bed + bed sofa, kitchen and bathroom with shower. Internet and TV included. Metro (phone number hidden) Bus (phone number hidden)	One room apt in st. germain for 2 or 3 ppl near Bon Marché, Saint Placide, Saint Sulpice & Montparnasse. Neighbourhood with shops, restaurants and (website hidden) market on sunday (5 min walk). Double bed + bed sofa, kitchen and bathroom with shower. Internet and TV included. Metro (phone number hidden) Bus (phone number hidden)
2452	logement de 2 pièces de 55m²:  - une chambre spacieuse avec un lit double confortable  - une salle de bain avec baignoire  - un salon spacieux avec un canapé lit pour 2 personnes  - une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée	Appartement parisien plein de charme de 55 m² dans un immeuble haussmannien typique. 2 pièces, salle de bain et WC séparé, cuisine équipée, connexion Wifi , TV écran plat, chauffage individuel, parquet. logement de 2 pièces de 55m²:  - une chambre spacieuse avec un lit double confortable  - une salle de bain avec baignoire  - un salon spacieux avec un canapé lit pour 2 personnes  - une cuisine ouverte entièrement équipée vous serez seuls dans l'appartement Tout au long de votre séjour vous pourrez communiquer avec ma fille Lorraine qui habite également a Paris - c'est elle qui vous accueillera. le quartier est très calme et très agréable. On trouve tous les commerce nécessaire rue de Lévis (Boulangerie / Super Marché / Pharmacie / shopping) Rue des Dames : bars et restaurants branchés Apparentement est à 2 minutes de la station de métro Villiers (ligne 2 et ligne 3) et a 10 min de la station St Lazare (ligne (phone number hidden)). A pied :  - 25 min de Montmartre /   - 15 min des GALE
2453		Duplex ensoleillé sous les toits, 2 chambres, idéal pour couple avec enfants. Proches tous commerces et transports. Charmes et confort, Profitez de sa cuisine, des repas au soleil sur la terrasse et de son équipement  cinéma et hifi haut de gamme.
2454		Appt de 48m2 exposé plein sud, situé en plein coeur de Paris à 1 minute du métro Charles de Gaule Etoile. Il est suréquipé et dispose d'une TV HD 4K 100cm, PS3, sono Bowers&Wilkins, grand dressing, 3 grandes fenêtres, douche pluie tropicale...
2455		Studio avec vue sur jardin, calme, fonctionnel et accueillant. Peut loger confortablement 2 personnes. Il se situe dans une rue calme, à deux pas de l'Arc de Triomphe. Idéalement situé à proximité des grands monuments et transports en commun.
2456	"It is a 66square foot appt. on the 5th floor of a nice and quiet building with a traditional elevator. The apartment is perfectly situated: very close to the Champs Elysees, 3 min away from Subway Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Arc de Triomphe and 2 minutes from the Air France airport shuttle coach stop.  The apartment is quiet and spacious. It has a big and beautiful ""Haussmannian"" living-room (big flat-screen TV, WI-FI access) with a charming balcony. One separated bedroom with a twin bed and his bathroom. In the living room there is a couch for two persons. And a fully-equipped kitchen. Nearby you will find restaurants, bars, take-aways, food stores, wine shops, cinemas, bakeries, groceries, hair-dressers, supermarket and banks. You have everything you need within a 5 minute walk. We speak french, english and spanish.  This is a brief description but if you have any further questions do no hesitate.  "	"It is a 66m2 apartment on the 5th floor in a nice and quiet building with elevator.  It is a 66square foot appt. on the 5th floor of a nice and quiet building with a traditional elevator. The apartment is perfectly situated: very close to the Champs Elysees, 3 min away from Subway Charles de Gaulle Etoile and Arc de Triomphe and 2 minutes from the Air France airport shuttle coach stop.  The apartment is quiet and spacious. It has a big and beautiful ""Haussmannian"" living-room (big flat-screen TV, WI-FI access) with a charming balcony. One separated bedroom with a twin bed and his bathroom. In the living room there is a couch for two persons. And a fully-equipped kitchen. Nearby you will find restaurants, bars, take-aways, food stores, wine shops, cinemas, bakeries, groceries, hair-dressers, supermarket and banks. You have everything you need within a 5 minute walk. We speak french, english and spanish.  This is a brief description but if you have any further questions do no hesitate.  "
2457	Fully privative flat of 110m2 with two bedrooms, so for 4 people Last floor with lift. only bed linens and towels are provided, no other product or amenities are provided.	Beautiful Haussman corner flat, on the fifth and last floor, with an unique view on the Arc de Triomphe. This 110m2 flat has wooden floor, cristal chandeliers, fireplace, equipped kitchen, shower, bathtub. The building has a lift and a gardienne. Fully privative flat of 110m2 with two bedrooms, so for 4 people Last floor with lift. only bed linens and towels are provided, no other product or amenities are provided. full and private access to the flat and the balcony. You are at 200 meters from Champs Elysees, 10 minutes from Parc Monceau, Avenue des Ternes or Avenue Foch At 50 m of Navette Air france for airports Orly and Charles de Gaulle. Located place de l'Etoile RER Charles de Gaulle A global consumption of gas of 30 kWh per day is included, if you spend more a supplement of 0,1 euros by kWh will be invoiced. A coefficient of conversion of 11,06 will be applied on the meter which is in m3 to obtain kWh. Meters figures are communicated by you at your arrival and at your departure.
2458	Studio, Center of Paris,  Charle de Gaulle Etoile & (email hidden) walking, very nice view on Paris, 8th floor with lift.	Studio, Center of Paris,  Charle de Gaulle Etoile & (email hidden) walking, very nice view on Paris, 8th floor with lift.
2459	A new, bright, spacious apartment 35m2, located 100m from l’Arc de Triomphe, a few steps from Champs Elysées. Situated in a new multi-apartment building on the 4th floor with an elevator, it has a beautiful view on avenue Mac Mahon and L’arc de Triomphe. It is an 1-bedroom apartment with a queen size bed in an alcove, a bed-canapé, a flat screen TV, TV cable with many international channels, high-speed WI-FI, a phone. Bed sheets and towels are included. Separate kitchen with new appliances: refrigerator, microwave oven, ceramic glass cook-top, electric kettle, coffee maker, toaster, dish towels, tableware. The bathroom has an Italian shower, a washer machine, towels dryer, a hair-dryer. Located on Mac Mahon avenue, one of the 12 avenues that converge on the Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile, is a great place to visit monuments, famous museums and to enjoy trendy restaurants, private clubs & luxury shops.  Its central location and the nearby access to public transportation mainlines (Metro	A new, bright, spacious apartment 35m2, located 100m from l’Arc de Triomphe, a few steps from Champs Elysées. Situated in a new multi-apartment building on the 4th floor with an elevator, it has a beautiful view on avenue Mac Mahon and L’arc de Triomphe. It is an 1-bedroom apartment with a queen size bed in an alcove, a bed-canapé, a flat screen TV, TV cable with many international channels, high-speed WI-FI, a phone. Bed sheets and towels are included. Separate kitchen with new appliances: refrigerator, microwave oven, ceramic glass cook-top, electric kettle, coffee maker, toaster, dish towels, tableware. The bathroom has an Italian shower, a washer machine, towels dryer, a hair-dryer. Located on Mac Mahon avenue, one of the 12 avenues that converge on the Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile, is a great place to visit monuments, famous museums and to enjoy trendy restaurants, private clubs & luxury shops.  Its central location and the nearby access to public transportation mainlines (Metro
2460	In a beautiful dressed stone building with lift, featuring lovely common areas, living space of 30 m², fully fitted kitchen, bedroom of 11m², shower room and dressing. 	A comfortable, bright, quiet and perfect located flat in the center of Paris.  Decorated and furnished in a contemporary style, yet keeping original features. In a beautiful dressed stone building with lift, featuring lovely common areas, living space of 30 m², fully fitted kitchen, bedroom of 11m², shower room and dressing. Also provided : bed linens, blankets, pillows, towels, hair dryer, and a completely equipped kitchen. My house is very close you can contact me at any time. Le 8e arrondissement est à la fois un haut lieu touristique et l'un de ceux où réside la haute bourgeoisie.  Il accueille de nombreux commerces et hôtels de luxe, mais aussi de nombreux établissements financiers. C'est également un lieu de pouvoir, puisqu'il comprend le palais de l'Élysée et le ministère de l'Intérieur. 2 min walk from : Arc de Triomphe and champs Elysées Métro and bus : front of the building  Uber : Coupon code : 81dzr ( 10 € free for your first travel )
2461	HELLO THE WORLD : ) I rent you my apartment located near ARC DE TRIOMPHE-CHAMPS ELYSEES !!! The location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bars , banks ,  pharmacies , supermarkets at less than 1mn walk ;p  The area is peaceful, safe , typically parisian and in the tourist heart of Paris.  -The metro Charles De Gaulle-Etoile is at only 2mn  The apartment is QUIET, COMFORTABLE , FONCTIONNAL 24m2 , with : - A  room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people )   - A Kitchen full equipped  - A Nice bathroom ( shower + toilets)  - A Washing Machine  - Internet ( WIFI : VERY GOOD CONNECTION ) -TV -DIRECT LINE FROM AIRPORT WITH AIR FRANCE BUSES IMPORTANT CLEANING FEE :   -I will ask for 35 euros in cash at the check in please. Thank you and see you soon  Garyyyy : ) 	HELLO THE WORLD : ) I rent you my apartment located near ARC DE TRIOMPHE-CHAMPS ELYSEES !!! The location is fantastic with very good bakeries , restaurants , bars , banks ,  pharmacies , supermarkets at less than 1mn walk ;p  The area is peaceful, safe , typically parisian and in the tourist heart of Paris.  -The metro Charles De Gaulle-Etoile is at only 2mn  The apartment is QUIET, COMFORTABLE , FONCTIONNAL 24m2 , with : - A  room with a queen size bed comfortable ( 2 people )   - A Kitchen full equipped  - A Nice bathroom ( shower + toilets)  - A Washing Machine  - Internet ( WIFI : VERY GOOD CONNECTION ) -TV -DIRECT LINE FROM AIRPORT WITH AIR FRANCE BUSES IMPORTANT CLEANING FEE :   -I will ask for 35 euros in cash at the check in please. Thank you and see you soon  Garyyyy : ) 
2462	Studio meublé constitué d'1 cuisine équipée, 2 canapés-lit, 1 four, 1 table, 3 chaises, 1 porte-serviette, 1 meuble de rangement, 1 réfrigérateur et 1 lave-linge. Porte blindée avec 2 codes d'accès à l'entrée. Serviettes et draps fournis. 	"A 100 m des Champs Elysées, dans un quartier chic, touristique, animé et sécurisé. Studio meublé de 18m2 pour 2 personnes. Il est constitué d'1 cuisine équipée, 2 canapés-lit, 1 four, 1 table, 3 chaises, 1 porte-serviette, 1 meuble de rangement. Studio meublé constitué d'1 cuisine équipée, 2 canapés-lit, 1 four, 1 table, 3 chaises, 1 porte-serviette, 1 meuble de rangement, 1 réfrigérateur et 1 lave-linge. Porte blindée avec 2 codes d'accès à l'entrée. Serviettes et draps fournis. Tout à proximité : - toutes sortes de restaurants, boutiques, commerces. - nombreux musées et monuments accessibles à pied, cabarets, cinémas, théâtres... Bus, taxis, stations métro ""George V, Etoile"", RER ""Etoile"", stations ""vélib et autolib"". Bus Air France : aéroports, gares (avenue Carnot)."
2463	Situé au 6é étage sans ascenceur, il conviendra aux sportifs et sait mériter sa belle vue et lumière! 	Chambre chez l'habitant dans Beau T2 de 31m2 métro Guy Moquet, à proximité des Batignolles, de Montmartre et de PLace de Clichy. Nous vous proposons une chambre avec un vrai lit. Cuisine, salle de bain et wc séparés. Situé au 6é étage sans ascenceur, il conviendra aux sportifs et sait mériter sa belle vue et lumière! L'appartement est entièrement équipé : vaisselle, machine à laver, meubles, placards, internet, eau et électricité comprise Nous sommes un jeune couple accueillant qui sauront vous indiquer les meilleures endroits du Paris touristique, insolite et populaire! Quartier animé avec beaucoup de commerces, bars, restaurants et jardins par le métro ligne 13 station Guy MOquet (l'appartement est à 1 min à pied de la sortie de métro) Par les bus 31 et 81 arrèt Guy MOquet Station de vélib en bas de l'immeuble
2464	Well located near Les Abbesses, Montmartre & 15 mn by foot from the department stores ; Printemps & Galeries Lafayette & the historic center of Paris.	Well located near Les Abbesses, Montmartre & 15 mn by foot from the department stores ; Printemps & Galeries Lafayette & the historic center of Paris. the whole apartment We can provide you with any answers to your questions about the district. Sub ligne 2 station ROME (1mn) & Railway station Saint Lazare (10mn) 2 public parking nearby
2465	Cozy Apartment with one bedroom (double bed), a lounge with a large sofa, bathroom and kitchen. At 50 meters you will find the lines 2 and 3 of the metro, the bus 30 direct to Trocadero (tour eiffel) and the station Gare de l'Est. The neighbourhood is perfect for long walks and it's in a strategic position for visiting the city: you have nice parks (parc monceau is 5 minutes walk) and you can arrive to Eliseum, Champs élysées and arc de triomphe by walk.  In 10 minutes walk you can go to the north side of the city, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra. Absolutely quiet and peaceful area, full of bakeries, supermarkets, bistrots and a pharmacy (just in case). For any further information please feel free to write me!	Cozy apartment with big room (king size bed), a salon with a couch (two extra places for sleep), bathroom ad kitchen with full accessories. 50 meters from line 2 and 3 of the metro and bus 30 headed to Trocadero tour Eiffel. Cozy Apartment with one bedroom (double bed), a lounge with a large sofa, bathroom and kitchen. At 50 meters you will find the lines 2 and 3 of the metro, the bus 30 direct to Trocadero (tour eiffel) and the station Gare de l'Est. The neighbourhood is perfect for long walks and it's in a strategic position for visiting the city: you have nice parks (parc monceau is 5 minutes walk) and you can arrive to Eliseum, Champs élysées and arc de triomphe by walk.  In 10 minutes walk you can go to the north side of the city, Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, Opéra. Absolutely quiet and peaceful area, full of bakeries, supermarkets, bistrots and a pharmacy (just in case). For any further information please feel free to write me!
2466	Hello everybody!  My flat is a lovely and cosy apartment located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a cute and easy living neighbourhood Les Batignolles. It's very central, so you will be at 15min walk from Les Champs Elysées and Grands Magasins and, on the other side, from Montmartre. Near stores, boutiques and lovely parks. Take the best of the Organic Markets on rue Batignolles and have a walk on the lovely rue des Dames whitch is full of tasty and yami local restaurants, wine bars and cafés. That's also pretty easy to grab the bus just down on the street or the metro (Place de Clichy, Rome) to head a bit farther through Paris charms! The apartment consists of a bright and large bedroom with a double bed, a cosy living room where i've got a convertible bed for an another two people!  The kitchen is fully equipped, as the bathroom and i have prodive all towels and bed lienen. Large TV screen, high-speed wi-fi connection, bath... no lift ! 4th floors appartment, so your legs are 	Hello everybody!  My flat is a lovely and cosy apartment located in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, in a cute and easy living neighbourhood Les Batignolles. It's very central, so you will be at 15min walk from Les Champs Elysées and Grands Magasins and, on the other side, from Montmartre. Near stores, boutiques and lovely parks. Take the best of the Organic Markets on rue Batignolles and have a walk on the lovely rue des Dames whitch is full of tasty and yami local restaurants, wine bars and cafés. That's also pretty easy to grab the bus just down on the street or the metro (Place de Clichy, Rome) to head a bit farther through Paris charms! The apartment consists of a bright and large bedroom with a double bed, a cosy living room where i've got a convertible bed for an another two people!  The kitchen is fully equipped, as the bathroom and i have prodive all towels and bed lienen. Large TV screen, high-speed wi-fi connection, bath... no lift ! 4th floors appartment, so your legs are 
2467	Beautiful 2 rooms bright of 33m2, featuring a bedroom with double bed, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a beautiful bathroom with shower.  This apartment is ideal for 2 people but can accommodate up to 4 people with a sofa bed.	Beautiful newly renovated apartment situated in one of the most fashionable district of Paris: the Golden Triangle (Parc Monceau / Arc de Triomphe / Champs Elysées).  This apartment is full of character situated in a beautiful and typical Haussmann building of standing.  Come and taste it to Parisian life ... Beautiful 2 rooms bright of 33m2, featuring a bedroom with double bed, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen and a beautiful bathroom with shower.  This apartment is ideal for 2 people but can accommodate up to 4 people with a sofa bed. Customers will have access to all the kitchen equipment, internet with WIFI and washing machine. I welcome you and am available at any time by phone / email to answer all your queries / requests of Parisian life. Very elegant with many shops nearby, restaurants, bars, bakeries and cafes.  Parc Monceau, one of the most beautiful parks in Paris, is a 3 minute walk.  Many tourististic sites are within walking distance or a few metro stations: Arc de
2468		Typical 1850 parisian building, home of 19th century author Malarmé, on the 4th floor (with an elevator) within walking distance (20 minutes) of Montmartre, the Champs Elysées and the Opera Garnier. Owned by a parisian native and Paris lover.
2469	PARIS 17 th arrondissement. Tube: Argentine Between Porte Maillot and place de l'Etoile. Furnished studio in  haussmannien building, at the 7 th floor with a lift until the 6 th  floor.  Facing south. In the studio you have a sofa bed for two persons maximum,a kitchen (with plates, glasses, forks, spoons....),stoves, pans, hob, fridge. You have a shower (with towel for each person), toilet in the corridor shared with the neighbour who is in front of the studio, free access on internet, tv...  (email hidden) Area very secure with a porter in the main building. Check IN: Aprés 8 pm: 20 euros Check OUT: Avant 8 am: 20 euros We ask you a deposit of 150 in cash euros the first, we give you back the deposit if the studio is like the first day. Thank you for your comprehension Call Rahnia who will welcome you one day before your arrival. We ask 15 euros for one hour late. ( each hour late is 15 euros) Metro Argentine is 5 min walk. Buses Avenue de la grande armée and Porte Maillot (7-10 min w	PARIS 17 th arrondissement. Tube: Argentine Between Porte Maillot and place de l'Etoile. Furnished studio in  haussmannien building, at the 7 th floor with a lift until the 6 th  floor.  Facing south. In the studio you have a sofa bed for two persons maximum,a kitchen (with plates, glasses, forks, spoons....),stoves, pans, hob, fridge. You have a shower (with towel for each person), toilet in the corridor shared with the neighbour who is in front of the studio, free access on internet, tv...  (email hidden) Area very secure with a porter in the main building. Check IN: Aprés 8 pm: 20 euros Check OUT: Avant 8 am: 20 euros We ask you a deposit of 150 in cash euros the first, we give you back the deposit if the studio is like the first day. Thank you for your comprehension Call Rahnia who will welcome you one day before your arrival. We ask 15 euros for one hour late. ( each hour late is 15 euros) Metro Argentine is 5 min walk. Buses Avenue de la grande armée and Porte Maillot (7-10 min w
2470		Cette chambre est spacieuse et louée ponctuellement du 2 septembre au 12 septembre. Le lit est grand et elle s'accompagne d'une douche.
2471	Hello,  Next to the place Félix Lobligeois and Ste Marie des Batignolles church, the apartment is located in a safe and trendy small scale neighbourhood where you will enjoy a preserved village atmosphere. Many shops : delicatessen, restaurants, bars and whatever you want..;-) You will reach Pigalle and Montmartre after a 15 min walk - (2 subway stops), Opéra (shopping area) in 20 min (10 min bus drive) or the Champs Elysées in 15 min (5 subway stops)... Living in a well served district, you will get to the apartment thanks to subway lines 2 (Place de Clichy) and 13 (La Fourche) or bus (phone number hidden) and 74. Saint-Lazare railway station is 3 subway (13) stops from here or 10 min drive with bus 53 and 66. Completely refurbished in 2012, on the 4th floor (lift available), the apartment is calm and bright. Typical parisian style : chimney, wooden floor and moulding. Two rooms : livingroom with an open kitchen ; double bed bedroom from which you can access bathroom and dressing. Ful	Hello,  Next to the place Félix Lobligeois and Ste Marie des Batignolles church, the apartment is located in a safe and trendy small scale neighbourhood where you will enjoy a preserved village atmosphere. Many shops : delicatessen, restaurants, bars and whatever you want..;-) You will reach Pigalle and Montmartre after a 15 min walk - (2 subway stops), Opéra (shopping area) in 20 min (10 min bus drive) or the Champs Elysées in 15 min (5 subway stops)... Living in a well served district, you will get to the apartment thanks to subway lines 2 (Place de Clichy) and 13 (La Fourche) or bus (phone number hidden) and 74. Saint-Lazare railway station is 3 subway (13) stops from here or 10 min drive with bus 53 and 66. Completely refurbished in 2012, on the 4th floor (lift available), the apartment is calm and bright. Typical parisian style : chimney, wooden floor and moulding. Two rooms : livingroom with an open kitchen ; double bed bedroom from which you can access bathroom and dressing. Ful
2472		'  In a very communicative location, the studio is ideal for a vacation or stay in Paris. A fairly quiet street that guarantees you peace.  '
2473	"I rent my apartment situated in the heart of Batignolles and completely redone for nine. Very quiet and comfortable it's 2 rooms(parts,plays) of a surface of 45m2 and situated on the 1st floor is distributed in the following way: - 1 entrance(entry)  - Big living room-dining room (23m2 with American completely equipped kitchen (oven, microwaves, dishwasher, toaster, freezer, machine Nespresso) - 1 room with new bed of 140cm and arrangements giving onto court - 1 bathroom with big shower - Separate TOILETS Equipment  - Unlimited WiFi internet,  - Flat screen with TV cubicle(garage,dock),  - Washing machine, - Towels and supplied sheets, - Sofa (can become a bed) which allows to welcome up to 4 persons - Table which can welcome up to 8 persons Unless 5 minutes on foot, you will find ""rue de Levy"" the street of very trading, with a permanent market (fruits and vegetables, butcher's shops, bakeries) and stores such as Department store, Nicolas etc The apartment is very well harmed with unl"	Charmant appartement au coeur des Batignolles. chambre donnant sur cour ce qui apporte calme et tranquillité. N hésitez plus pour venir, le quartier mérite le détour avec ses petits bars et restaurants, vous serez plongés au milieu des locaux à l écart des foules touristiques. A bientôt j espère. I rent my apartment situated in the heart of Batignolles and completely redone for nine. Very quiet and comfortable it's 2 rooms(parts,plays) of a surface of 45m2 and situated on the 1st floor is distributed in the following way: - 1 entrance(entry)  - Big living room-dining room (23m2 with American completely equipped kitchen (oven, microwaves, dishwasher, toaster, freezer, machine Nespresso) - 1 room with new bed of 140cm and arrangements giving onto court - 1 bathroom with big shower - Separate TOILETS Equipment  - Unlimited WiFi internet,  - Flat screen with TV cubicle(garage,dock),  - Washing machine, - Towels and supplied sheets, - Sofa (can become a bed) which allows to welcome up to 4 
2474	Beautiful typical parisian flat renewed in 2013. Very well furnished and decorated with design objects in the great district of Batignolles. Ideally located in the North of Paris	1 bedroom flat in great area (Batignolles). It's very comfortable cause I leave here when I don't rent it. Lots of charm, sun and cosyness... Ideal to spend a week-end or holidays in Paris. Beautiful typical parisian flat renewed in 2013. Very well furnished and decorated with design objects in the great district of Batignolles. Ideally located in the North of Paris You will have access to TV, wifi, DVD player (some DVDs), books (basiccaly in French), every kitchen ustensiles, pilates circle and carpet, washing machine, dish washer, stereo (mini jack), powerful hair dryer...... I will welcome you for the check in at least and will give you all the advices you need about Paris (I'm a real Parisian and know very well the city) and the wonderful district. Will be reachable by phone and email anytime. Very lively district with lots of restaurants, shops and some bars. Very accessible in metro and bus to most of the rest of Paris. The buses 54 and 74 stop just in front of the building door 
2475	Live like a Parisian! The apartment is ideally located to visit Paris as it is very close to Montmartre and to the lively district of Batignolles (great bars / restaurants). Just 6 metro stops (or 15min) from Champs Elysées.  The apartment is located in a typical Parisian building (19th century) and it has been completely renovated by an interior designer. Very close to public transport. The closest metro stops are Guy Moquet or Brochant (line 13), both located just 5 minutes walking from the building. There are also convenient bus connections to other central areas of Paris.  The apartment is a typical cosy Parisian flat. Very quiet. 1st floor, bright, it is approx 45 m2. It is composed of a dining room, fully equipped open kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one separate living room (which can be used as a second bedroom). Wooden floor, plasma TV, cable, wi-fi, washer dryer, dishwasher, Nespresso machine.  The apartment is ideal for a couple but can easily host up to 4 people (there 	Contemporary flat in central Paris.  The apartment has everything to make you feel at home and make your stay in Paris a great stay! Convenient location. Ideal for 2 / 4 people.  Live like a Parisian! The apartment is ideally located to visit Paris as it is very close to Montmartre and to the lively district of Batignolles (great bars / restaurants). Just 6 metro stops (or 15min) from Champs Elysées.  The apartment is located in a typical Parisian building (19th century) and it has been completely renovated by an interior designer. Very close to public transport. The closest metro stops are Guy Moquet or Brochant (line 13), both located just 5 minutes walking from the building. There are also convenient bus connections to other central areas of Paris.  The apartment is a typical cosy Parisian flat. Very quiet. 1st floor, bright, it is approx 45 m2. It is composed of a dining room, fully equipped open kitchen, one bathroom, one bedroom, one separate living room (which can be used as a s
2476	Appartement de charme dans un quartier typiquement parisien à proximité des Champs-Elysées. Chambres :  - n°1 de18m2 avec 1 lit 2 personnes de 160x200 - n°2 de 13m2 avec 2 lits superposés de 90x190 (possibilité lit bébé) - Salon : canapé-lit 2 personnes Cuisine équipée : cafetière Nespresso, four, four micro-onde, bouilloire, grille-pain, réfrigérateur et congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, chaise bébé Equipements : télévision avec câble, accès internet haut débit, piano, jeux, table à langer, linge de maison (draps, serviettes de toilette, torchons)	Appartement haussmannien de charme (112m2), en étage élevé avec ascenseur sans vis-à-vis. Salon, salle à manger, cuisine, 2 chambres, 2 salles de bain. Quartier typiquement parisien et central (commerces, transports), idéal pour découvrir Paris. Appartement de charme dans un quartier typiquement parisien à proximité des Champs-Elysées. Chambres :  - n°1 de18m2 avec 1 lit 2 personnes de 160x200 - n°2 de 13m2 avec 2 lits superposés de 90x190 (possibilité lit bébé) - Salon : canapé-lit 2 personnes Cuisine équipée : cafetière Nespresso, four, four micro-onde, bouilloire, grille-pain, réfrigérateur et congélateur, lave-vaisselle, lave-linge, sèche-linge, chaise bébé Equipements : télévision avec câble, accès internet haut débit, piano, jeux, table à langer, linge de maison (draps, serviettes de toilette, torchons) Accès au logement entier Conseils sur les bonnes adresses du quartier et les lieux touristiques et insolites de Paris Quartier typiquement parisien proche des lieux touristiques :
2477	Our Flat is on the 2ndf floor with elevator of a beautiful and typical Hausmanien building. This four roomed 75m2 apartment is perfectly designed to comfortably accomodate up to 6 guests: 1 parent bed room with queen size bed, 1 children bed room with 3 beds (1 baby bed, & 2 single beds) & 1 convertible sofa within the living-room. You also have a very high standard of comfort and equipment: - a large & fully equiped kitchen (microwave oven, oven, gas coocker, extractor fan, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble drier) with a big table where 8 persons can easily have diner. - a Samsung TV 82 cm full HD - Wifi for unlimited internet access - a BOSE soundlink wifi system  A bathroom with a bathtube and 2 bowls As we have babies, you will find all the equipment concerning children: baby bed, folding bed, changing table, babycook, toys... One side of the flat gives on a charming and calm courtyard There is also a long balcony. The all flat has been renovated in April 2014	Very charming & trendy flat (75 m2) with very high standard of comfort & equipment: - a large and fully equipped kitchen,  - 1 living-room  - 2 bed rooms - a long balcony - bath room & Toilets Very next to Batignolles & close to Montmartre. Our Flat is on the 2ndf floor with elevator of a beautiful and typical Hausmanien building. This four roomed 75m2 apartment is perfectly designed to comfortably accomodate up to 6 guests: 1 parent bed room with queen size bed, 1 children bed room with 3 beds (1 baby bed, & 2 single beds) & 1 convertible sofa within the living-room. You also have a very high standard of comfort and equipment: - a large & fully equiped kitchen (microwave oven, oven, gas coocker, extractor fan, fridge, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble drier) with a big table where 8 persons can easily have diner. - a Samsung TV 82 cm full HD - Wifi for unlimited internet access - a BOSE soundlink wifi system  A bathroom with a bathtube and 2 bowls As we have babies, you will find al
2478	"appartement de 2 pièces, récemment refait à neuf, calme, tout équipé, pour 2 personnes. quartier vivant, pas touristique, très bien situé entre les Champs Elysées et Montmartre. à 6 min à pied de 2 lignes de métro (2 et 3). à 200m de la gare SNCF Pont Cardinet (3 min jusqu'à Saint Lazare) serviettes de bain/draps/ shampooing/savon, thé/café/chocolat fournis. . . DESCRIPTION DE L’APPARTEMENT : ___________________________________________________ QUARTIER CHIC ET FAMILIAL : EMPLACEMENT  IDEAL POUR VISITER LA CAPITALE DE LA MODE ET DE LA CULTURE . moderne et refait à neuf, tout équipé pour 2 adultes : cet appartement est très calme. Il est au dernier étage, 5 ème étage SANS ascenseur. (top floor, 6th floor without elevator)  ___________________________________________________ . Machine à laver / sèche-linge,  Four / Four micro-onde,  Frigidaire - congélateur,  Plaque à induction, Bouilloire,  fer à repasser et planche à repasser TV écran plat 26"",  Wifi gratuit (freebox),  Une salle de bai"	2 pièces de 27 m2, 1 chambre, salon. cuisine équipée, refait à neuf, calme. quartier vivant, non touristique, situé entre Champs-Elysées et Montmartre. à 6 min métro (lignes 2 et 3), 1min gare pont cardinet. serviettes/draps/shampoing/savon, thé/café appartement de 2 pièces, récemment refait à neuf, calme, tout équipé, pour 2 personnes. quartier vivant, pas touristique, très bien situé entre les Champs Elysées et Montmartre. à 6 min à pied de 2 lignes de métro (2 et 3). à 200m de la gare SNCF Pont Cardinet (3 min jusqu'à Saint Lazare) serviettes de bain/draps/ shampooing/savon, thé/café/chocolat fournis. . . DESCRIPTION DE L’APPARTEMENT : ___________________________________________________ QUARTIER CHIC ET FAMILIAL : EMPLACEMENT  IDEAL POUR VISITER LA CAPITALE DE LA MODE ET DE LA CULTURE . moderne et refait à neuf, tout équipé pour 2 adultes : cet appartement est très calme. Il est au dernier étage, 5 ème étage SANS ascenseur. (top floor, 6th floor without elevator)  __________________
2479	Grand séjour de 25m2 avec canapé 4 places, TV grand écran, lecteur DVD bluray et box internet.  Chambre avec lit 140x190cm et rangements. Toilettes séparées. Cuisine séparée et aménagée : machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, 4 plaques vitro-céramiques, petit four et grand frigidaire avec congélateur. Possibilité lit pliant 1 place pour un 3ème couchage.	Grand 2p. de 56m2, au pied du métro Porte de Champerret à 15 min de l'Arc de Triomphe et 10 min du Palais des Congrès. 5ème étage avec ascenseur, double vitrage et vue dégagée sur la Défense. Quartier agréable, proche commerces et restaurants. Grand séjour de 25m2 avec canapé 4 places, TV grand écran, lecteur DVD bluray et box internet.  Chambre avec lit 140x190cm et rangements. Toilettes séparées. Cuisine séparée et aménagée : machine à laver le linge, machine à laver la vaisselle, 4 plaques vitro-céramiques, petit four et grand frigidaire avec congélateur. Possibilité lit pliant 1 place pour un 3ème couchage. Quartier calme et agréable avec de nombreux supermarchés ainsi que de bons restaurants (Petrus, Désirier et La Recoleta) Eglise Ste Odile et Espace Champerret à proximité. 1 minute de marche : METRO 3 Porte de Champerret (vers Gare St Lazare, Opéra, République, Père Lachaise et Gallieni) BUS Porte de Champerret : 84 (vers le Panthéon), 92 (vers gare Montparnasse), 93 (vers Inval
2480	This lovely flat composed of 2 bedrooms and 1 living room is the ideal place to settle down with your family and discover Paris ! The apartment is located 10 min away from the Champs Elysées, close to the lively Place Saint-Ferdinand. Welcome home:) This lovely apartment (57 sqm) composed of 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom, is the ideal place to enjoy your stay in Paris. It is perfectly adapted for a family a couple or friends. The apartment has been recently renovated and is located in a typical parisian building, 10 min away on foot from the famous Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. It is ideally located on metro lines 1 (Porte Maillot, Argentine) and 2 (Ternes) which will allow you to discover the main touristic places in less than 20 minutes transportation (Louvres museum, Concorde, Madeleine, Grands Palais museum, Tuileries garden, Montmartre, Père Lachaise cemetery,...). Moreover, the apartment is close to the Bois de Boulogne, perfect for family walks or bic	This lovely flat composed of 2 bedrooms and 1 living room is the ideal place to settle down with your family and discover Paris ! The apartment is located 10 min away from the Champs Elysées, close to the lively Place Saint-Ferdinand. Welcome home:) This lovely apartment (57 sqm) composed of 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen and 1 bathroom, is the ideal place to enjoy your stay in Paris. It is perfectly adapted for a family a couple or friends. The apartment has been recently renovated and is located in a typical parisian building, 10 min away on foot from the famous Champs Elysées and Arc de Triomphe. It is ideally located on metro lines 1 (Porte Maillot, Argentine) and 2 (Ternes) which will allow you to discover the main touristic places in less than 20 minutes transportation (Louvres museum, Concorde, Madeleine, Grands Palais museum, Tuileries garden, Montmartre, Père Lachaise cemetery,...). Moreover, the apartment is close to the Bois de Boulogne, perfect for family walks or bic
2481	My apartment is located in a very nice building from a good residential area of west-side Paris, near the famous Champs Elysées. There are several supermarkets around and I will give you a map providing their locations. There are also bakers, restaurants, shops, doctors, sport stadium, parks and  swimming pool....  The apartment is very quiet and good atmosphere, with a king size bed for 2 persons and possible additionnal slim air mattress. I can provide you sheets, bath towels and you can use the washing machine. Fully equipped kitchen (oil, sugar, pepper and salt provided) and bathroom. My computer with internet conexion and my TV will be available. The apartment is near the metro station Porte Maillot, tube line 1 which deserves the most well-known monunents such the Louvre Museum, Concorde's place, Garden of Tuileries, the old town council, the Champs-Elysées and the Marais area.  At the entrance of my building, you can rent the parisian bycicles very easily.  Bus lines are also re	My apartment is located in a very nice building from a good residential area of west-side Paris, near the famous Champs Elysées. There are several supermarkets around and I will give you a map providing their locations. There are also bakers, restaurants, shops, doctors, sport stadium, parks and  swimming pool....  The apartment is very quiet and good atmosphere, with a king size bed for 2 persons and possible additionnal slim air mattress. I can provide you sheets, bath towels and you can use the washing machine. You will be able to have confortable baths as the hot water tank is very huge. Fully equipped kitchen (oil, sugar, pepper and salt provided).  My computer with internet conexion and my TV will be available. The apartment is near the metro station Porte Maillot, tube line 1 which deserves the most well-known monunents such the Louvre Museum, Concorde's place, Garden of Tuileries, the old town council, the Champs-Elysées and the Marais area.  At the entrance of my building, you
2482		Appartement baigné de lumière (4ème étage ascenseur) situé dans le quartier des Batignolles a 2' des métros Place de Clichy et La Fourche. Il comporte une grande pièce principale avec canapé  convertible, une cuisine américaine toute équipée et une chambre séparée (lit 140) ainsi qu'une salle de bains (douche + WC). Tranquille, familial et trendy, il propose pleins de petits restaurants, belle terrasses et boutiques atypiques. Nombreux bus depuis la Place de Clichy Metro Place de Clichy (lignes 13 et 2) ou La Fourche (ligne 13)
2483	Located close to the Levis Street pedestrian shopping street (cafes, restaurants, caterers and food shops), this fully renovated apartment will suit those looking for a place both central, quiet, convenient and comfortable. Can bathe in a very Parisian atmosphere. Moreover, this place decorated with care was designed to make easy and pleasant your daily activities: kitchen with oven and microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, Nespresso machine and dishwasher; comfortable bathroom with heated towel radiator and hairdryer; separate toilet; a washer dryer, irons and HD TV and high-speed Wi-Fi.   Whether you are single, couple or family, whether traveling for business or pleasure, you will feel at home in this pied-a-terre in the heart of Paris.	Located in a private driveway in the heart of one of the most elegant Haussmann districts of the capital and close to a pedestrian shopping street. This luxury apartment will suit those looking for a place  central and quiet . Located close to the Levis Street pedestrian shopping street (cafes, restaurants, caterers and food shops), this fully renovated apartment will suit those looking for a place both central, quiet, convenient and comfortable. Can bathe in a very Parisian atmosphere. Moreover, this place decorated with care was designed to make easy and pleasant your daily activities: kitchen with oven and microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, Nespresso machine and dishwasher; comfortable bathroom with heated towel radiator and hairdryer; separate toilet; a washer dryer, irons and HD TV and high-speed Wi-Fi.   Whether you are single, couple or family, whether traveling for business or pleasure, you will feel at home in this pied-a-terre in the heart of Paris. The entire property is
2484		Best flat
2485		
2486		Cosy and typical parisian flat Très jolie 2 pièces, lumineux et fonctionnel qui vous apportera satisfaction lors de votre séjour à Paris.  L'appartement de situe à Levallois Perret a la limite de pris, à seulement 2 minutes du métro et 15 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées. Le quartier est terres agréable. Calme et bien situé. Vous  y trouverez  a la fois de jolies parcs, les fabuleux quais de seine ainsi que de nombreux petits restaurants français de bonne qualité. Seulement à 15 minutes à pieds des Champs Elysées et proche de Paris, en moins de 5 min a pieds. Le logement est un compromis idéal entre calme et l'euphorie parisienne. Ligne 3, métro Louise Michel
2487	Très jolie studette parisienne, idéalement placée en face du Palais des Congrès. Ce logement bénéficie d’un emplacement recherché en plein cœur des plus beaux quartiers parisiens, Métro Porte Maillot. Idéal pour un couple qui souhaite découvrir Paris, ou pour des Femmes ou Hommes d’affaires : Palais des congrès, restaurants, cinémas, boites, théâtres, musées, lieux de prestiges à proximité...  Ce logement est entièrement équipé, très cosy, il peut accueillir 2 personnes.  Il comprend un espace cuisine équipée, une douche, des wc, un canapé-lit double.  Confort et propreté assurés. 	Très jolie studette parisienne, idéalement placée en face du Palais des Congrès. Ce logement bénéficie d’un emplacement recherché en plein cœur des plus beaux quartiers parisiens, Métro Porte Maillot. Idéal pour un couple qui souhaite découvrir Paris, ou pour des Femmes ou Hommes d’affaires : Palais des congrès, restaurants, cinémas, boites, théâtres, musées, lieux de prestiges à proximité...  Ce logement est entièrement équipé, très cosy, il peut accueillir 2 personnes.  Il comprend un espace cuisine équipée, une douche, des wc, un canapé-lit double.  Confort et propreté assurés. 
2488	My apartment is 5 minutes walk from the Arc-de-Triomphe and the Avenue des Champs-Elysées, on a pedestrian and typically parisian street, with an outdoor market full of traditional shops : fruits and vegetables, fish, bakeries, wine, cheese, good restaurants and cafés. Just close by you'll find several supermarkets and a department store.  Located on the second floor, it's a very charming, quiet (double glazings) and bright appartment, with double exposure (street and courtyard), with a living area of 516 square ft (48m2).  A large living-room with a sofa-bed, a fitted kitchen, a separate bedroom with a queen size bed and a bathroom with shower.  Fully featured : fast internet wireless connexion, Nespresso coffee machine, microwave, washing machine, hairdryer etc.  It's also close (few minutes by metro direct line, 2, 6 or 1) to the Eiffel Tower, the Place de la Concorde, the Louvre, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge and the Bois de Boulogne.  Very convenient transportation : from my place it’	Perfect location, cosy and charming apartment, and... welcoming host ! My apartment is 5 minutes walk from the Arc-de-Triomphe and the Avenue des Champs-Elysées, on a pedestrian and typically parisian street, with an outdoor market full of traditional shops : fruits and vegetables, fish, bakeries, wine, cheese, good restaurants and cafés. Just close by you'll find several supermarkets and a department store.  Located on the second floor, it's a very charming, quiet (double glazings) and bright appartment, with double exposure (street and courtyard), with a living area of 516 square ft (48m2).  A large living-room with a sofa-bed, a fitted kitchen, a separate bedroom with a queen size bed and a bathroom with shower.  Fully featured : fast internet wireless connexion, Nespresso coffee machine, microwave, washing machine, hairdryer etc.  It's also close (few minutes by metro direct line, 2, 6 or 1) to the Eiffel Tower, the Place de la Concorde, the Louvre, Pigalle, the Moulin Rouge and th
2489	Fully furnished apartment for rent by the day (3 days minimum) or by the week. This is a very cosy 26sqm studio and it's right in the heart of Paris, only a few minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Élysées. It can welcome up to 4 people, very quiet street. There is an open-plan kitchen with a bar leading to the main room. It is fully equipped: fridge with freezer, oven, induction hobs, toaster, ironing board and iron, kettle. The main room has a double bed on the mezzanine as well as a convertible couch under it. There is a 42-inch TV with cable, wireless internet, Apple TV, etc. The bathroom is equipped with a bath and toilets. Sheets, bath towels, and linens are provided. The place is basically close to everything, there are 2 supermarkets in the same street less than 50 meters away. The closest subway is less than a 5-min walk. Arc de Triomphe and Champs Élysées are less than a 10-min walk.	This studio is perfectly located, walking distance to the Arc de Triomphe & Champys Élysées. It can host up to 4 people with the mezzanine bed and convertible couch. It's in a very quiet street 3 minutes from the nearest metro station. Fully furnished apartment for rent by the day (3 days minimum) or by the week. This is a very cosy 26sqm studio and it's right in the heart of Paris, only a few minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe and Champs Élysées. It can welcome up to 4 people, very quiet street. There is an open-plan kitchen with a bar leading to the main room. It is fully equipped: fridge with freezer, oven, induction hobs, toaster, ironing board and iron, kettle. The main room has a double bed on the mezzanine as well as a convertible couch under it. There is a 42-inch TV with cable, wireless internet, Apple TV, etc. The bathroom is equipped with a bath and toilets. Sheets, bath towels, and linens are provided. The place is basically close to everything, there are 2 supermarkets in
2490	A deux pas de l'arc de triomphe et des champs élysée, Metro ligne 1 Argentine	Très beau studio rue Brunel au premier étage entièrement refait à neuf a 100 mètre de l'Arc de Triomphe et des champs élysée il donne sur une cour calme et ensoleillée idéal pour couple ou personne seule. A deux pas de l'arc de triomphe et des champs élysée, Metro ligne 1 Argentine Composé d'un canapé lit double, cuisine entièrement équipée, four micro onde grill et salle de bain avec douche italienne et machine à laver.  Accès à internet WIFI . Le studio est composé du double vitrage, machine à laver, four micro onde grill , internet, machine à café, draps de lit et de bain mis à disposition, frigo, congélateur, plaque de cuisson et vaisselles.  Ligne de métro Argentine numéro 1 ( 50 mètres )  Ligne de métro Ternes numéro 2 ( 5 minutes a pied ).  Supermarché Franprix, G20, et carrefour market boulangerie tabac restaurant PUB et bistrot a moins de 200 mètres Restaurants, bar, pharmacie, tabac, supermarché, métro dans un rayon de 50 mètres Métro ligne 1 : Argentine  Métro ligne 2 : Tern
2491	Located in the charming neighborhood of Les Ternes, this appartment is perfect for tourists looking for a stay in the authentic Paris. It is only 10 min walk from the Arc of Triumph and Champs Elysées, Congress Palace, Monceau Park, and direct access by metro for other sightseeing, with underground lignes 1,2,3,6 by a few metres from the appartment.  The neighbourhood is full of nice restaurant, shoping boutiques and bars. The appartment faces a covered market.   ===  Description of the appartment :  - Double livingroom with a sofa bed  - Fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher) - 1 Bedroom  - Bathroom  - Toilets seperated It is a typical parisian apartment with parquet.  2nd floor, without elevator.  ===  Services :  - Wifi Internet  - Towels and sheets provided  - Cleaning (40 € extra fees) 	Located in the charming neighborhood of Les Ternes, this appartment is perfect for tourists looking for a stay in the authentic Paris. It is only 10 min walk from the Arc of Triumph and Champs Elysées, Congress Palace, Monceau Park, and direct access by metro for other sightseeing, with underground lignes 1,2,3,6 by a few metres from the appartment.  The neighbourhood is full of nice restaurant, shoping boutiques and bars. The appartment faces a covered market.   ===  Description of the appartment :  - Double livingroom with a sofa bed  - Fully equiped kitchen (dishwasher) - 1 Bedroom  - Bathroom  - Toilets seperated It is a typical parisian apartment with parquet.  2nd floor, without elevator.  ===  Services :  - Wifi Internet  - Towels and sheets provided  - Cleaning (40 € extra fees) 
2492	Le 61 Berthier Paris is a small private house ideally situated for a charming stay in the heart of Paris, close to the Champs-Elysées, Parc Monceau, Arc de Triomphe, Palais des Congrès and La Défense business center. This old painting studio hosted for a while the orientalist painter Georges Antoine Rochegrosse. Present owners have redesigned the ground floor as a hosting apartment, with a contemporary and sophisticated atmosphere, for 2 to 4 persons : « Le Jardin de Rochegrosse ». The flat is composed of : 1 spacious bedroom with a king-size bed and a private garden, 1 bathroom with an italian shower, 1 living-room with american kitchen full-equiped and a pull-out sofa for 2 more guests. An iMac and free wifi is at your disposal. You can play your music by wifi directly from your mobile device (Airport system). TV and speakers are from B&O. Enjoy your stay and feel free to contact us if needed !	Le61Berthier is a charming private mansion, located in the heart of Paris, with two new suites fully-equiped, quiet and sophisticated. Close to Parc Monceau, Champs-Elysées, Palais des Congrès and business center of La Défense. Le 61 Berthier Paris is a small private house ideally situated for a charming stay in the heart of Paris, close to the Champs-Elysées, Parc Monceau, Arc de Triomphe, Palais des Congrès and La Défense business center. This old painting studio hosted for a while the orientalist painter Georges Antoine Rochegrosse. Present owners have redesigned the ground floor as a hosting apartment, with a contemporary and sophisticated atmosphere, for 2 to 4 persons : « Le Jardin de Rochegrosse ». The flat is composed of : 1 spacious bedroom with a king-size bed and a private garden, 1 bathroom with an italian shower, 1 living-room with american kitchen full-equiped and a pull-out sofa for 2 more guests. An iMac and free wifi is at your disposal. You can play your music by wifi
2493	This three-room will delight you with its elegance and original decoration. It is composed of a large bright living room with convertible corner sofa bed, TV and Wi-Fi, coffee table, fireplace... In the bright and pleasant bedroom you will find a comfy double bed and a lot of storage space so that you can arrange your affairs during your stay. There is also a very large bathroom where you will be able to relax in the walk-in shower. The kitchen is very functional and convivial, you can share your meals with your family or your friends. It is fully equipped. All the utensils you need to cook are there and all household electrical (washing machine, fridge, oven, kettle, coffee machine, microwave, plates ... ) We also provide you with linens and towels. If you have any questions do not hesitate	Nice apartment, very spacious on the 4th floor of a beautiful Parisian building situated in the 17th district, very close by to Parc Monceau, Wagram… This three-room will delight you with its elegance and original decoration. It is composed of a large bright living room with convertible corner sofa bed, TV and Wi-Fi, coffee table, fireplace... In the bright and pleasant bedroom you will find a comfy double bed and a lot of storage space so that you can arrange your affairs during your stay. There is also a very large bathroom where you will be able to relax in the walk-in shower. The kitchen is very functional and convivial, you can share your meals with your family or your friends. It is fully equipped. All the utensils you need to cook are there and all household electrical (washing machine, fridge, oven, kettle, coffee machine, microwave, plates ... ) We also provide you with linens and towels. If you have any questions do not hesitate The apartment will be entirely yours during you
2494	Flat in a quiet building, recently renovated, fully furnished. Ideally situated for a parisian journey, close from everything. The kitchen is fully furnished: microwave, oven, dishes... Close to supermarkets 	Quiet flat very well situated, close to all commodities. Ideal for a nice week-end in Paris. Flat in a quiet building, recently renovated, fully furnished. Ideally situated for a parisian journey, close from everything. The kitchen is fully furnished: microwave, oven, dishes... Close to supermarkets Subway: 3 stops to St Lazare station (close from Grands Magasins, Galeries Lafayettes, Printemps...), 5 stops to Champs Elysées 5 min walk to rue de Levy (pedestrian street with local shops, bars and restaurants), very nice area. Subway: stop Malesherbes or Wagram (line 3), or bus 53
2495	Au coeur du 17eme et dans un quartier plein de charme, à deux pas des Champs Elysée. 	Quartier recherché de l'avenue des ternes Studio de charme d'une surface de 26m2 au 1er étage  avec ascenseur d'un magnifique immeuble pierre de taille Sur rue double vitrage et très lumineux. Tout équipé:TV, internet,machine à lavé séchante.. Au coeur du 17eme et dans un quartier plein de charme, à deux pas des Champs Elysée. Internet wifi tv .. J'habite à deux pas du logement donc très présent à la moindre question étant à proximité. Nombreux Commercants: bar branché à l'angle, pharmacie et monoprix en fasse, marché rue porcelet très agréable . nombreux transports: Metro ternes (L.2), Charles de gaulle (L1;2;6; RER A) 
2496		ligne métro 13 station la Fourche bus 54 et 74 station la Fourche mon frère habite à 5 minute à pied et sera là pour répondre à vos questions Quartier des Batignolles ligne métro 13 station la Fourche bus 54 et 74 station la Fourche
2497	Two rooms of 40 m2 in a small building of 6 floors. Located on the 5th, it is quiet and bright. A few steps from the Place de l'Etoile and the market Poncelet. I specify that there is no elevator. Hardwood floors, moldings. Very cozy. You will have the apartment at your disposal and I will still be reacheable in case of questions or problems. A quiet area, near shopping and tourist areas or business. Thank you to avoid smoking in the living room or bedroom. I just stopped. However, you can smoke in the kitchen. Deux pièces de 40 m2  dans un petit immeuble de 6 étages. Situé au 5ème, il est calme et lumineux. A deux pas de la place de l'Etoile et du marché Poncelet. Je précise qu'il n'y a pas d'ascenseur.  Deux pièces dans un immeuble ancien. Parquet, moulures. Très cosy.  Les voyageurs ont accès à divers équipements :  - Télé par câble - Wi-Fi - Lave-linge - Reveil/station iphone - Sèche-cheveux Vous aurez l'appartement à votre entière disposition et je serai bien sur toujours joignabl	Two rooms of 40 m2 in a small building of 6 floors. Located on the 5th, it is quiet and bright. A few steps from the Place de l'Etoile and the market Poncelet. I specify that there is no elevator. Hardwood floors, moldings. Very cozy. You will have the apartment at your disposal and I will still be reacheable in case of questions or problems. A quiet area, near shopping and tourist areas or business. Thank you to avoid smoking in the living room or bedroom. I just stopped. However, you can smoke in the kitchen. Deux pièces de 40 m2  dans un petit immeuble de 6 étages. Situé au 5ème, il est calme et lumineux. A deux pas de la place de l'Etoile et du marché Poncelet. Je précise qu'il n'y a pas d'ascenseur.  Deux pièces dans un immeuble ancien. Parquet, moulures. Très cosy.  Les voyageurs ont accès à divers équipements :  - Télé par câble - Wi-Fi - Lave-linge - Reveil/station iphone - Sèche-cheveux Vous aurez l'appartement à votre entière disposition et je serai bien sur toujours joignabl
2498	"Cosy airy 21 sqm studio, at the 1st flloor with elevator, in a building well located in a quiet street of the 17th arrondissement at the intersection of the areas of Villiers and Batignolles. It accommodates 2 people with a 140*200 cm sofa double bed. The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (fridge, electric stove, fan, toaster, filter coffee maker, kettle), bathroom (shower stall, hair dryer, basin, toilet) and a living area with a large table, a sofa convertible into a double bed and TV flat screen It is located in the 17th arrondissement between the recently trendy area of Batignolles with its Church, all its restaurants, bars and little secondhand clothes and furniture shops ; and the area of Villiers with its pedestrian Rue de Levis which is an everyday market where to buy your food : nice cheese, wine, meat and also many prepared dishes. * Towels and linens provided * 1nd floor with elevator * Nearest metro stop : ""Malesherbes"" at 700 m (line 3), ""Wagram"" at 750 m (li"	Cosy airy 21 sqm studio, at the 1st flloor with elevator, in a building well located in a quiet street of the 17th arrondissement at the intersection of the areas of Villiers and Batignolles. Cosy airy 21 sqm studio, at the 1st flloor with elevator, in a building well located in a quiet street of the 17th arrondissement at the intersection of the areas of Villiers and Batignolles. It accommodates 2 people with a 140*200 cm sofa double bed. The studio is fully furnished with equipped kitchen (fridge, electric stove, fan, toaster, filter coffee maker, kettle), bathroom (shower stall, hair dryer, basin, toilet) and a living area with a large table, a sofa convertible into a double bed and TV flat screen It is located in the 17th arrondissement between the recently trendy area of Batignolles with its Church, all its restaurants, bars and little secondhand clothes and furniture shops ; and the area of Villiers with its pedestrian Rue de Levis which is an everyday market where to buy your fo
2499	Un emplacement exceptionnel, à 5 minutes de la Place de l’Etoile, tout près des Champs Elysées, un appartement entièrement neuf, un bel espace, moderne, confortable, aménagé avec un sens élégant de l’épure, très bien équipé, facile à vivre, voici un endroit parfait pour passer quelques jours à Paris, mélangeant le calme d’un home très agréable et d’un environnement superbe.  Un beau salon salle à manger. Une grande cuisine très fonctionnelle, très pratique, une jolie chambre et une salle de bain très moderne.  Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes grâce au canapé du salon très facile à utiliser : il s’ouvre d’un seul geste.  	Tout neuf, beau, spacieux, clair et idéalement situé.  Un emplacement exceptionnel, à 5 minutes de la Place de l’Etoile, tout près des Champs Elysées, un appartement entièrement neuf, un bel espace, moderne, confortable, aménagé avec un sens élégant de l’épure, très bien équipé, facile à vivre, voici un endroit parfait pour passer quelques jours à Paris, mélangeant le calme d’un home très agréable et d’un environnement superbe.  Un beau salon salle à manger. Une grande cuisine très fonctionnelle, très pratique, une jolie chambre et une salle de bain très moderne.  Cet appartement peut accueillir jusqu’à 4 personnes grâce au canapé du salon très facile à utiliser : il s’ouvre d’un seul geste.  Vous serez bien sûr tout près des Champs Elysées, proche du Parc Monceau, un des plus beaux de Paris, et grâce à la proximité du métro avec trois lignes 1, 2 et 6 vous serez à moins de 20 minutes de tous les lieux les plus attractifs de la Capitale. Aucun doute, vous passerez ici un séjour de char
2500		Très grand appartement de standing haussmannien de 180m2. Haut plafond. Grande luminosité.  2 grands lits et 3 lits standard. Très grands salon et salle à manger. 15mn à pied des Champs-Elysées ; 10mn du Parc Monceau ; 5mn du métro Malesherbes.
2501	Charmant appartement de 2 pièces (40 m2) idéal pour un couple. Il est situé dans une rue calme au croisement des rues de Tocqueville, Levis et Cardinet, dans le charmant quartier des Batignolles. Le quartier est notamment connu pour le marché de Levis et sa proximité du Parc Monceau, de Montmartre, du square des Batignolles et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est traversant et a entièrement été rénové. Il est situé au calme sur cour, au 1er étage (sans ascenseur) : - La pièce de vie de 25 m² se compose en deux parties;  - la cuisine ouverte sur le salon, dispose d'une table à manger pour 6 personnes. Elle est entièrement équipée (lave-linge, sèche linge, Lave vaisselle, four, frigidaire, congélateur, micro-ondes, 3 plaques vitrocéramiques, machine cafetière, bouilloire...). - Le séjour lumineux, offre un agréable espace de vie avec sofa 3 places, 2 fauteuils,  une TV  (Bouygues Box),  un système Hi-Fi. - La chambre de 11 m2 est très calme (sur cour intérieure) et dispose d'un lit de 1	Charmant appartement entièrement équipé de 40 m², refait à neuf, dans un style parisien cosy. Il est situé au 1er étage sans ascenseur dans une rue très calme à proximité des transports (M2 Villiers/ M3 Malesherbes), commerces et du marché de levis. Charmant appartement de 2 pièces (40 m2) idéal pour un couple. Il est situé dans une rue calme au croisement des rues de Tocqueville, Levis et Cardinet, dans le charmant quartier des Batignolles. Le quartier est notamment connu pour le marché de Levis et sa proximité du Parc Monceau, de Montmartre, du square des Batignolles et des Champs Elysées. L'appartement est traversant et a entièrement été rénové. Il est situé au calme sur cour, au 1er étage (sans ascenseur) : - La pièce de vie de 25 m² se compose en deux parties;  - la cuisine ouverte sur le salon, dispose d'une table à manger pour 6 personnes. Elle est entièrement équipée (lave-linge, sèche linge, Lave vaisselle, four, frigidaire, congélateur, micro-ondes, 3 plaques vitrocéramiques,
2502	Studio cosy et très équipé à qui cherche un lit confortable à quelques pas des Champs Elysées et dans le quartier branché du moment! Un studio entier avec toutes les commodités!  Cuisine équipée, salle de bain avec machine à laver, toilettes. Salon/chambre avec lit gigogne (2 places), LCD, canapé et bureau. Je suis à votre disponibilité pour tous renseignements sur mon appartement! J'habite à 10mn de celui ci et me déplace rapidement en cas de question! Quartier bourgeois animé avec un marché à une rue de là et un très beau parc à deux minutes! Centre de Paris. Métro ligne 2 et 3 ; Bus 30 et 94; OrlyBus. Vous êtes le bienvenue! 	"From 10mn to the Champs Elysées In a shopping street of the 17th Parc Monceau at 3mn Subway line 2 and 3 stop ""Villiers"", ""Monceau"" or Malesherbes"""
2503	In an bright artist appartment, the room is clear and large. It is also sunny. There are paintings and frescos on the walls. The bed is very large 180 x 200 cm. 	"In a Art Déco style building In the Péreire neighborhood.10 minutes away by bus from the Champs-Elysées, the Galeries Lafayette and the Opéra house. A bedroom in an artist appartment with frescos.Clear view and a very quiet bedroom. In an bright artist appartment, the room is clear and large. It is also sunny. There are paintings and frescos on the walls. The bed is very large 180 x 200 cm. The room have a private corridor. You will access directly to the bathroom. You will have access to kitchen, living room. Breakfast will be served in the art studio. You will have the WIFI. I work whole day in my art studio. I will be at your disposal for any queries. I will be able to help you during your journey. The neighborhood is very quiet. There are a lot of sport area (football, basket ball, swimming pool, etc) There is a large upmarket shopping center ""so Ouest"", opened one year ago. access BY CAR:  - you will can park your car, easily, on the street. BUS :  -  53 goes to Opera house and de"
2504	Very nice flat (38 m2) in a typical parisian building in the 17th arrondissement, 5 min walk from Batignoles. Typical Parisian wooden floor, minimalist decoration, WIFI it has : - One big room with a big double bed - One living room, with eating table, sofa, HD Samsung TV - One bathroom - One toilet - One kitchen, oven micro wave, Nespresso coffee machine - Ironing board with iron  - Bluray drive - Sheets and towels provided Located one the first floor of a typical Parisian building - 5 min walk from Batignolles - 15 min walk from Montmartre. - Métro Guy Moquet All conveniences in the street : cafés restaurant 7/7, minimarkets. I will also be happy to give you all my personal adresses for you to enjoy Paris ! There is no extra cleaning fee, but this is on the condition that you leave the apartment as you found it - reasonably clean! No need to wash the linen, but all dishes must be done and everything tidy and clean.  But if you want, you can ask for cleaning, it's 30 euros. 500 Euro w	Very nice flat (38 m2) in a typical parisian building in the 17th arrondissement, 5 min walk from Batignoles.  Typical Parisian wooden floor, minimalist and modern decoration. 5 min walk from 2 metro. Very nice flat (38 m2) in a typical parisian building in the 17th arrondissement, 5 min walk from Batignoles. Typical Parisian wooden floor, minimalist decoration, WIFI it has : - One big room with a big double bed - One living room, with eating table, sofa, HD Samsung TV - One bathroom - One toilet - One kitchen, oven micro wave, Nespresso coffee machine - Ironing board with iron  - Bluray drive - Sheets and towels provided Located one the first floor of a typical Parisian building - 5 min walk from Batignolles - 15 min walk from Montmartre. - Métro Guy Moquet All conveniences in the street : cafés restaurant 7/7, minimarkets. I will also be happy to give you all my personal adresses for you to enjoy Paris ! There is no extra cleaning fee, but this is on the condition that you leave the 
2505		Appartement de 32,5 m2 + 4 m2  avec la terasse. Situé à proximité de Wagram et des Champs-Elysées, ce studio lumineux, spacieux et calme est l'appartement idéal pour découvrir la ville de paris. Votre hôte David se mettra à votre entière disposition tout le long de votre séjour Ternes est un quartier  paisible où se situe une multitude de restaurants du fameux Schwartz où l'on peut déguster les meilleurs Burger de tout paris, en passant par les délicieux fruits de mer du bar à huitre jusqu'au restaurant gastronomique michel rostand . Ternes est également considéré comme l'un des quarties les plus huppés de Paris avec les Plaines de monceau. -ligne 2, TERNES ( 3 minutes à pied) -ligne 1,2,6,RER A  CHARLES DE GAULE-ETOILE( 8 minutes à pied) -ligne 3,RER C,  PEREIRE (3 minutes à pied
2506	Le logement dispose d'une petite kitchenette avec plaques et four à micro-onde, une machine à laver.	Un joli appartement donnant sur cour au premier étage d'un immeuble très tranquille.  Au métro Porte de Champerret, proche de toutes commodités. 10 min a pieds du Parc Monceau, 10 en métro du coeur de Paris. Une chambre fermée et un canapé-lit. Le logement dispose d'une petite kitchenette avec plaques et four à micro-onde, une machine à laver. Un quartier très tranquille de Paris,facilement accessible à 10 min du centre de la ville en Métro. Le parc Monceau est à 10 min à pied, ainsi que le marché des ternes.  Les champs Elysée sont accessible à 5min en bus ou 15 min de marche. 3 min du Métro Porte de Champerret (Ligne 3) avec de nombreuses lignes de bus (84,92,93, et noctambus ).  A 10 min à pied de l’arrêt du bus Airfrance pour rejoindre l'aéroport Roissy Charles de Gaule.
2507		Luminieux studio de 30 m2. A  proximité de l'arc de triomphe et des Champs Élysées,  dans une rue calme à 3 minutes d'un agréable marché quotidien, bars et restaurants. De grands magasins sont à proximité, ainsi que le parc Monceau Proximité du rer A, ligne 1, 2 et 3. Bus 92
2508	This newly renovated studio has been done in a well lit, modern style. It is on the ground floor of a very quiet building, and looks out on to a courtyard that is full of trees and flowers (Marie Antionette's former stables). There are a number of restaurants,boutiques and supermarkets in the area with two open air markets at the place des Ternes and the rue Poncelet. The studio is located in a typically Parisian neighborhood, just steps away from the Champs-Elysees. You can stroll along the beautiful rue Pereire, wander around the Parc Monceau or go jogging or picnicking in the immense Bois de Boulogne. It is surrounded by the hundreds of restaurants and shops on and around the Champs Elysées and has easy access to all of Paris. The living room is is made up of an L shaped sofa that converts into 2 single beds or can be put together to make a king size bed.  The living room is equipped with a flat screen cable TV and a DVD player. There is also WIFI internet throughout the studio. The	This newly renovated studio has been done in a well lit, modern style. It is on the ground floor of a very quiet building, and looks out on to a courtyard that is full of trees and flowers (Marie Antionette's former stables). There are a number of restaurants,boutiques and supermarkets in the area with two open air markets at the place des Ternes and the rue Poncelet. The studio is located in a typically Parisian neighborhood, just steps away from the Champs-Elysees. You can stroll along the beautiful rue Pereire, wander around the Parc Monceau or go jogging or picnicking in the immense Bois de Boulogne. It is surrounded by the hundreds of restaurants and shops on and around the Champs Elysées and has easy access to all of Paris. The living room is is made up of an L shaped sofa that converts into 2 single beds or can be put together to make a king size bed.  The living room is equipped with a flat screen cable TV and a DVD player. There is also WIFI internet throughout the studio. The
2509	Very charming appartment in a typical & stylish parisian Haussmann building.  The area is very calm, but the steets are full of nice restaurants & coffee shops...	Very nice and central cosy flat (30m2) for 2 people, located near the champs Elysees. The studio is fully equipped (washing machine, wifi, fridge, oven) in a nice, calm and safe area, 2mn away from the metro stations Argentine/Porte Maillot - Line 1. Very charming appartment in a typical & stylish parisian Haussmann building.  The area is very calm, but the steets are full of nice restaurants & coffee shops... The entire appartment is available for you. I will be in touch with you for the digicodes and the keys hand over. Feel free to contact me anytime on my mobile. The area is full of nice shops and restaurants... Excellent bakery and French cheese shop located place saint Ferdinand The appartment is located between Tube stations Porte Maillot and Argentine (line 1), 2mn away each. Easy access to aiports (Air France Bus direct to/from Roissy CDG and Beauvais airport)  8 min walk to Champs Elysées
2510	50 m2 near Les Champs Elysées Many convenient stores, shops, bars and restaurants. Breakfast offered for every travellers (coffee, tea, chocolate milk, orange juice and chocolate brioche). 50m2 près des Champs Elysées à proximité de plein de magasins pour faire les courses, boulangeries, bars, restaurants. Le petit déjeuner est offert (café, thé, chocolat, lait, jus d'orange et brioche au chocolat).	Discover Place de l'étoile or Les Champs Elysées in a very convenient and clear flat for 3 or 4 persons.  By the way if you are interested only by the room, the price will be smaller. 50 m2 near Les Champs Elysées Many convenient stores, shops, bars and restaurants. Breakfast offered for every travellers (coffee, tea, chocolate milk, orange juice and chocolate brioche). 50m2 près des Champs Elysées à proximité de plein de magasins pour faire les courses, boulangeries, bars, restaurants. Le petit déjeuner est offert (café, thé, chocolat, lait, jus d'orange et brioche au chocolat). Everything is available except my clothes and what is inside the bathroom closets. Tout est en accès libre en dehors des vêtements, sous-vêtements et des produits dans la salle de bain à l'intérieur des placards.  The travellers can reach me on my cell phone and by email all the time and they get back quick answers. Les voyageurs ont à leur disposition mon mail, mon numéro de téléphone. Ils peuvent me contacte
2511	Located in the exclusive and elegant Champs Elysees area, this is the dream apartment that you are looking for. Enjoy the view of the Arc De Triomphe and Eiffel Tower from Place De L'Etoile, steps from the apartment. Bright and Classic Large 50 sq. meter One Bedroom Apartment with Historic Parisian Charm and Sophistication. Original Hardwood Flooring, Chandeliers, and Elegant Molding will make you feel like French Royalty !  The layout of the apartment is especially convenient for a group up to 4, as the living area with a high-quality sofa-bed can be separated from the rest of the apartment, giving you the privacy and feel of a 2nd bedroom Located within steps of The Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysees, the Eiffel Tower, Place de la Concorde, Tuileries Gardens, the Louvre, the Seine River and more. You will be strolling the boulevards like a real Parisian. This beautiful apartment is a few minutes from the Metro line 1, which offers the easiest access to all of the major sights of Par	Luxurious and Elegant One Bedroom Apartment, for up to 4 Guests. Located in the exclusive Champs Elysees area, steps from the famous Arc De Triomphe. Experience the shopping, gourmet restaurants and sights of the most elegant neighborhood in Paris. Located in the exclusive and elegant Champs Elysees area, this is the dream apartment that you are looking for. Enjoy the view of the Arc De Triomphe and Eiffel Tower from Place De L'Etoile, steps from the apartment. Bright and Classic Large 50 sq. meter One Bedroom Apartment with Historic Parisian Charm and Sophistication. Original Hardwood Flooring, Chandeliers, and Elegant Molding will make you feel like French Royalty !  The layout of the apartment is especially convenient for a group up to 4, as the living area with a high-quality sofa-bed can be separated from the rest of the apartment, giving you the privacy and feel of a 2nd bedroom Located within steps of The Arc de Triomphe, the Champs Elysees, the Eiffel Tower, Place de la Concord
2512	L'appartement a été rénové par un architecte parisien le rendant très fonctionnel et spacieux. Il est doté d'un grand canapé-lit pour 2 personnes, équipé d'une cuisine avec un équipement de base : micro onde-grill, plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, ustensiles machine à laver armoire et placards salle de bains avec douche et toilettes.  	Studio refait à neuf de 22m2, aux pieds du métro Brochant et de différents commerces. Situé au 2ème étage, fenêtre ouvrant sur une grande cour. Il est clair, calme et sans vis-à-vis. Idéal pour un jeune couple en vacances à Paris L'appartement a été rénové par un architecte parisien le rendant très fonctionnel et spacieux. Il est doté d'un grand canapé-lit pour 2 personnes, équipé d'une cuisine avec un équipement de base : micro onde-grill, plaques chauffantes, réfrigérateur, ustensiles machine à laver armoire et placards salle de bains avec douche et toilettes. Le logement est loué avec : wifi gratuit micro-onde plaques chauffantes cuisine lave-linge salle d'eau indépendante avec WC chauffage électrique lit canapé  2 personnes fer à repasser  aspirateur TV Le linge de lit et les serviettes sont fournis ainsi que le shampooing ... Tout échange est possible par téléphone ou mail en cas de renseignement complémentaire nécessaire. Le quartier est bien desservi , à proximité d'espaces vert
2513		Mignon petit appartement situé à 5 minutes à pieds de l'Arc de Triomphe et des Champs Elysées. Il est également à moins de 5 minutes de la ligne 1 du Métro de Porte Maillot et du bus direct pour l'aéroport de Beauvais. Charmant appartement de 42m² 
2514		Trois pièces rénové tout confort aux Batignolles, dans une rue calme. Il est composé de 2 chambres doubles et d'un séjour spacieux, idéal pour 4 personnes. A 2 minutes du métro place de Clichy, profitez de la proximité des quartiers animés.
2515	With 85 sqm, this lovely and very bright 4-room flat is ideal for a family. Situated on the 6th floor of a Haussmann-style building with a lift, its balcony overlooks on a public square with a children’s playground and offers a nice view on Montmartre especially at night.For sure, you will appreciate the marble fireplace, the mouldings and the herringbone parquet flooring.For the family, you will find a booster seat for baby, a nursery table, a baby cook and many toys. DETAILED DESCRIPTION: - Living-room opens on the dining room for a total area of 35 sqm. with a sofa, armchairs, TV ( international channels), DVD player (some DVDs are available), HI-FI system (some CDs are available) - Bedroom 1 with a bed for 2 persons (140x190 cm), a chest of drawers and a wardrobe - Bedroom 2 with double bed (90x190 cm) and a bed (80x190 cm). Some toys (for boys and girls) are also available. - Kitchen fully equipped : fridge /freezer, gas cooker, oven, micro-wave, washing machine, kettle, coffee ma	With 85 sqm, this lovely and very bright 4-room flat is ideal for a family. Situated on the 6th floor of a Haussmann-style building with a lift, its balcony overlooks on a public square with a children’s playground and offers a nice view on Montmartre especially at night.For sure, you will appreciate the marble fireplace, the mouldings and the herringbone parquet flooring.For the family, you will find a booster seat for baby, a nursery table, a baby cook and many toys. DETAILED DESCRIPTION: - Living-room opens on the dining room for a total area of 35 sqm. with a sofa, armchairs, TV ( international channels), DVD player (some DVDs are available), HI-FI system (some CDs are available) - Bedroom 1 with a bed for 2 persons (140x190 cm), a chest of drawers and a wardrobe - Bedroom 2 with double bed (90x190 cm) and a bed (80x190 cm). Some toys (for boys and girls) are also available. - Kitchen fully equipped : fridge /freezer, gas cooker, oven, micro-wave, washing machine, kettle, coffee ma
2516		1er étage avec ascenseur. Parquet. Salle de bain avec baignoire. Toilettes séparées. Parking gratuit dans l'impasse de l'immeuble Machines à laver le linge et la vaisselle Accès Metro et RER C station Pereire à 1 min à pied. Proche Champs Elysées
2517	"Beautiful contemporary studio apartment , very  bright and luminoust, with balconies and views of Batignolles Park, located on the 6th floor of a luxury building. The perfect layout of the apartment will offer to  you an enjoyable stay in a typically Parisian neighborhood this apartment has a spacious living room with 2 sofa beds for  2 people, offering  a very comfortable bedding, a dining area, a beautiful wooden coffee table,  a television area., You have, also, very  large closets  at your disposal    A  contemporary wooden floor  is laying all over the apartment A balcony overlooking the"" Park des Batignolles"", extends this room The separate kitchen is fully  equipped.  It is lit by a large window overlooking the park des  Batignolles The bathroom, with contemporary equipment, has a bathtub, sink with vanity and toilets The Batignolles district of Paris is full of charm and authenticity. You will find as well many parks that very shopping streets, where you can easily supply you w"	"Beautiful contemporary studio apartment , very  bright and luminoust, with balconies and views of Batignolles Park, located on the 6th floor of a luxury building. The perfect layout of the apartment will offer to  you an enjoyable stay in a typically Parisian neighborhood this apartment has a spacious living room with 2 sofa beds for  2 people, offering  a very comfortable bedding, a dining area, a beautiful wooden coffee table,  a television area., You have, also, very  large closets  at your disposal    A  contemporary wooden floor  is laying all over the apartment A balcony overlooking the"" Park des Batignolles"", extends this room The separate kitchen is fully  equipped.  It is lit by a large window overlooking the park des  Batignolles The bathroom, with contemporary equipment, has a bathtub, sink with vanity and toilets The Batignolles district of Paris is full of charm and authenticity. You will find as well many parks that very shopping streets, where you can easily supply you w"
2518	With two single beds and one double bed, we feel this space is ideal for a family visiting Paris. You'll have your own bathroom with bathtub and tap, and have access to the toilets in the entrance. You are also very welcome to use our fully equipped kitchen.  We are facing the beautiful Unesco building, and you'll also be very closed to the Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Champs de Mars. 	We'd love to welcome you and your family in our 'petite' suite in the centre of Paris. The two bedrooms share a private bathroom in our 110 m2 flat, and you'll have access to the flat's well-equipped kitchen, toilets, and wifi. With two single beds and one double bed, we feel this space is ideal for a family visiting Paris. You'll have your own bathroom with bathtub and tap, and have access to the toilets in the entrance. You are also very welcome to use our fully equipped kitchen.  We are facing the beautiful Unesco building, and you'll also be very closed to the Eiffel Tower, Ecole Militaire and Champs de Mars. The two rooms and bathrooms are all yours. You'll also have access to the entrance hall where the toilets are located, and to the fully equipped kitchen. My wife and I will be more than happy to offer any help and advice throughout your stay! We'll do our best to welcome you in person, but you can always reach us on our mobile and emails when we're back home in the countryside
2519	Hello,  Welcome to Paris! You have a very spacious and sunny double bedroom with ensuite shower room for your stay with us. Our home is conveniently located, quiet and smoke-free. We look forward to welcoming you! Calm, bright and centrally located apartment in a typically Parisian building. The bedroom is very spacious and has a double bed for two people. Bedroom and ensuite bathroom with toiletries and towels are provided. You are welcome to use the kitchen to make tea / coffee in the morning. We work so are not always at home, but happy to help guests and give (website hidden) Germain des Pres- you are staying in the heart of this quintessential Left Bank neighbourhood. Amazing shopping, restaurants and museums within walking distance. Close to both Metro and bus stops. Parking is not included.	Hello,  Welcome to Paris! You have a very spacious and sunny double bedroom with ensuite shower room for your stay with us. Our home is conveniently located, quiet and smoke-free. We look forward to welcoming you! Calm, bright and centrally located apartment in a typically Parisian building. The bedroom is very spacious and has a double bed for two people. Bedroom and ensuite bathroom with toiletries and towels are provided. You are welcome to use the kitchen to make tea / coffee in the morning. We work so are not always at home, but happy to help guests and give (website hidden) Germain des Pres- you are staying in the heart of this quintessential Left Bank neighbourhood. Amazing shopping, restaurants and museums within walking distance. Close to both Metro and bus stops. Parking is not included.
2520		You will have a living room on the first floor with shared bathroom and kitchen with all amenities. The flat is in a historical building in the heart of Paris, walking distance to Invalides and Musee d'Orsay.
2521	Very comfortable and perfectly located (50 meters to the famous rue cler with a lot of restaurants and cafés). Just be aware that the room is at the 6th floor with no elevator.	"A 10 sqm room for one person located at the 6th floor (no elevator). Access is given as well to the family appartment at the 3rd floor : kitchen, toilets, and bathroom. The room has toiletts and washbasin as well. Very comfortable and perfectly located (50 meters to the famous rue cler with a lot of restaurants and cafés). Just be aware that the room is at the 6th floor with no elevator. Access is given to the family appartment at the 3rd floor : kitchen, toilets, and bathroom. We'll be so happy to have a chat with you and share the best adresses in Paris and the area. ;-) In the heart of the 7th ""arrondissement"" of Paris. The best place for familes and upper class. Direct access to : Champs Elysées, Champs de Mars, Eiffeil Tower, ambassies, as well as many french typical restaurants and cafés. Métro : École Militaire Bus : (92, 80), RER (suburban train) : Pont de L'Alma Air France bus : (Invalides stop) Be aware that the room is at the 6th floor and that there is no elevator. We know "
2522	"The bedroom rented is sunlighted during the afternoon, you have the Eiffel tower at your window with the sky and the roofs of Paris, and a double bed for you. You have access to all the apartment (except my room), just feel free to live, put some music, watch the tv, cook, you're at home. The neighborhood is one of the most amazing of Paris, it is very close to the Eiffel Tower (5mn) and two parks the ""Champs de Mars"" (2mn) and the ""Invalides"" (5mn). In the area you will find animated streets with a large choice of coffee shops, very nice restaurants, and the street ""Rue du Commerce"" to do shopping. Concerning the apartment, it is located at the last floor of a building situated in a quiet street. There is no lift, but it is very healthy to climb steps once a day, trust me :) There is a big living room, regarding the courtyard, with an angle sofa in one side and a little cozy space in the other side, plus a wall TV with a dvd player. You can spend time when you want in it just like you"	"Room rented of 15m² with view on the Eiffel Tower, in a brand new renovated appartment of 60m² with a cozy living room , an open kitchen, a bathroom (+ my room) The district is very quiet & nice, 2mn from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower The bedroom rented is sunlighted during the afternoon, you have the Eiffel tower at your window with the sky and the roofs of Paris, and a double bed for you. You have access to all the apartment (except my room), just feel free to live, put some music, watch the tv, cook, you're at home. The neighborhood is one of the most amazing of Paris, it is very close to the Eiffel Tower (5mn) and two parks the ""Champs de Mars"" (2mn) and the ""Invalides"" (5mn). In the area you will find animated streets with a large choice of coffee shops, very nice restaurants, and the street ""Rue du Commerce"" to do shopping. Concerning the apartment, it is located at the last floor of a building situated in a quiet street. There is no lift, but it is very healthy to clim"
2523		Au pied de la tour eiffel à 5 minutes de montparnasse et champs elysees
2524	Beautiful studio located five minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower , on the ground floor of a typical Parisian building . Secure and very lively . Quiet and well decorated, it is composed of a main room with kitchen, a bathroom and large shower and toilet on the landing. The kitchen is equipped with fridge, electric hob, microwave and cooking utensils. Sleeping area consists of a bed (size: 190x140cm) and wardrobe. This apartment is also equipped with storage, pillows, bedding, towels, wifi internet connection and television. Few meters from the Rue de Cler where there are plenty of shops, pharmacies, banks, bakeries, cafes, supermarkets, clothing stores conducive to shopping sprees, but also many restaurants. Near the flat is the new Beaugrenelle mall. Not far from the apartment are some landmarks of french tourism as the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Champs de Mars, Bateaux mouche, Pont de l'Alma (Lady Di), the Palais de Tokyo and the Quai Branly. It is of course possible to walk the sunny 	Charming and confortable flat, just 5 mins by walk from Eiffel Towers. All you need to see in Paris is so close from here ;) Beautiful studio located five minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower , on the ground floor of a typical Parisian building . Secure and very lively . Quiet and well decorated, it is composed of a main room with kitchen, a bathroom and large shower and toilet on the landing. The kitchen is equipped with fridge, electric hob, microwave and cooking utensils. Sleeping area consists of a bed (size: 190x140cm) and wardrobe. This apartment is also equipped with storage, pillows, bedding, towels, wifi internet connection and television. Few meters from the Rue de Cler where there are plenty of shops, pharmacies, banks, bakeries, cafes, supermarkets, clothing stores conducive to shopping sprees, but also many restaurants. Near the flat is the new Beaugrenelle mall. Not far from the apartment are some landmarks of french tourism as the Eiffel Tower, Trocadero, Champs de Mars, B
2525		Studio de charme de 25 m,  en plein centre ville et au cœur du quartier le plus touristique de Paris, à proximité de la Tour Eiffel des Invalides. L'appartement comprend un lit double en mezzanine, une salle de bain et une cuisine. Confort garanti !
2526	The apartment : Very centrally located in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, a traditional and charming Parisian apartment in an 18th century building on the 3rd floor (with elevator) awaits you for your stay in Paris. A few steps from the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, or the Saint-Germain-des-Prés square, the apartment is a short 10-minutes walk to Concorde square or the Eiffel tower. The bright 75m² apartment has a large living room, 2 separate bedrooms (sleeps 4), a fully equipped kitchen  and 1 bathroom with separate lavatory. The living room is tastefully decorated with 2 modern meridiennes, Louis XV and Louis XVI armchairs, a Louis XV secretary, a contemporary dining table and modern art paintings, blending old-world authenticity with stylish modern accessories and comfort. You can enjoy reading from the library or listen to music, as well as access the Internet with a high speed WIFI connection. The kitchen includes all major appliances and cooking ustensils, including a coffee machine, elect	The apartment : Very centrally located in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, a traditional and charming Parisian apartment in an 18th century building on the 3rd floor (with elevator) awaits you for your stay in Paris. A few steps from the Louvre, the Musée d'Orsay, or the Saint-Germain-des-Prés square, the apartment is a short 10-minutes walk to Concorde square or the Eiffel tower. The bright 75m² apartment has a large living room, 2 separate bedrooms (sleeps 4), a fully equipped kitchen  and 1 bathroom with separate lavatory. The living room is tastefully decorated with 2 modern meridiennes, Louis XV and Louis XVI armchairs, a Louis XV secretary, a contemporary dining table and modern art paintings, blending old-world authenticity with stylish modern accessories and comfort. You can enjoy reading from the library or listen to music, as well as access the Internet with a high speed WIFI connection. The kitchen includes all major appliances and cooking ustensils, including a coffee machine, elect
2527		A 15m2 room available in a very Parisian apartment. It is 5 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Great place in the center of Paris with good connections to rest of the city.
2528		I am leasing my own bedroom, located in a gorgeous, classic Parisian apartment in the center of the city.  Beautiful marble fireplace, original herringbone parquet, and sweeping ceilings.  You will have your own, private room in a three bedroom apartment.  My two roommates, who will be the only other people living there, are both very warm and welcoming.  Access to a full bathroom, kitchen, dining room, and living room.  Just feet from Les Invalides and the Eiffel Tower, and main transport.
2529	"This space is small but charming, a great place to come home to at the end of the day if you are just visiting especially! Comfortable bed that sleeps 2, kitchenette with fridgerator, utensils, and shower. It is on the 7th floor without elevator(seems crazy, right?!) But the gorgeous view makes it worth it! The toilet is ""sur la palier"" which means in the hallway. There are 2 different toilets around the corner from the room that are kept very clean!"	"Charming little apartment located 2 blocks from the Eiffel Tower..Lots of bars, restaurants and markets right out the front door and a few of the tower from your window! It is also a 5 minute walk from the Metro stop Ecole Militaire(M8) This space is small but charming, a great place to come home to at the end of the day if you are just visiting especially! Comfortable bed that sleeps 2, kitchenette with fridgerator, utensils, and shower. It is on the 7th floor without elevator(seems crazy, right?!) But the gorgeous view makes it worth it! The toilet is ""sur la palier"" which means in the hallway. There are 2 different toilets around the corner from the room that are kept very clean! I can be contacted my phone or email if you have any problems or issues during your stay or if you need any recommendations of places to shop/eat/explore 5 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars Lots of cafes, markets, patisseries and boulangeries 5 minute walk to Ecole Militaire metro 8 10 min"
2530	A single bed, a complete bathroom with Italian shower and WC, a desk with wifi , a microwave oven and nespresso machine, just for rapid meals.	"Nice and clean room of 14 sqm , set on the ground floor of the courtyard of a 17th century building. A single bed, a complete bathroom with Italian shower and WC, a desk with wifi , a microwave oven and nespresso machine, just for rapid meals. You will have access to a big Monoprix open till 10PM, and luxury boutiques just on your threshold . undoubtedly, the nicest and most famous area in Paris... Metro line 12 ""Rue du Bac"""
2531		Our cosy flat is located on the Invalids area withn a five-minute walk from the Champs-Elysees and the Eiffel Tower and some of the most celebrated landmarks including the Quais de Seine and Avenue Montaigne. Experience the art of living in a typical Parisian district with bars and restaurants and stay in a well-equiped flat. We will be delighted to welcome you! Anthony & Thibault
2532	AN EXCLUSIVE LOCATION Apartement in a beautiful parisian building, in Bosquet street, in the heart of the highly desirable « 7th district » of paris, 5min walking from the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadero and the Bateaux Mouches (boats on the Seine) 15 min by bus/metro to join the Departments Stores : Galeries Lafayette, Au Bon Marché, Printemps Haussmann The small apartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being a walking distance from the best French restaurants. Towels and bed linen are provided. 	Eiffel Tower 3 minutes walking. Private appartement 2nd floor (20 square meters), completely renovated, full option, very central and really romantic. Towels and bed linen are provided. AN EXCLUSIVE LOCATION Apartement in a beautiful parisian building, in Bosquet street, in the heart of the highly desirable « 7th district » of paris, 5min walking from the Eiffel Tower, the Trocadero and the Bateaux Mouches (boats on the Seine) 15 min by bus/metro to join the Departments Stores : Galeries Lafayette, Au Bon Marché, Printemps Haussmann The small apartement offers a quiet setting to its guests while being a walking distance from the best French restaurants. Towels and bed linen are provided. You can have a walk in the rue Cler, a pedestrian street with french food shops and restaurants just at the corner of the street (50m). Bedding and bath towels included  Nespresso for free  LCD flat screen TV  Kitchen equiped  Hair dryier Iron and Iron board I am at your service and It is my pleasure t
2533		Un appartement avec terrasse, plein sud à 5 minutes de la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier très vivant de la rue clerc. Tous commerces à proximité. Un appartement familial avec 1 chambre parentale et deux chambres d'enfant.2 salles de bains.
2534	Located near the River Seine, this 100 m² apartment is modern and completely renovated. Accessible through a quiet courtyard, it is on the ground floor and has a private garden. The open living space, which gives directly onto this garden is perfect for entertaining. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances (Nespresso machine, dishwasher, cookware, etc.), and the family room offers plenty of comfortable seating. The master bedroom contains a king bed, and its bathroom has a shower and bathtub. The second suite has a queen bed that can split into two twins, and a shower in its bathroom. An added bonus is the exercise room beneath the master bedroom, which contains a treadmill and a rowing machine. It once was the bread oven of a bakery, long ago! The apartment has a washer, a dryer, wifi, cable TV, and a telephone.	Located near the River Seine, this 100 m² apartment comes with A/C, an excercise room, and a private garden.  Located near the River Seine, this 100 m² apartment is modern and completely renovated. Accessible through a quiet courtyard, it is on the ground floor and has a private garden. The open living space, which gives directly onto this garden is perfect for entertaining. The American-style kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances (Nespresso machine, dishwasher, cookware, etc.), and the family room offers plenty of comfortable seating. The master bedroom contains a king bed, and its bathroom has a shower and bathtub. The second suite has a queen bed that can split into two twins, and a shower in its bathroom. An added bonus is the exercise room beneath the master bedroom, which contains a treadmill and a rowing machine. It once was the bread oven of a bakery, long ago! The apartment has a washer, a dryer, wifi, cable TV, and a telephone. The unit is private, so all facilitie
2535	Luxurious apartment situated behind the Eiffel Tower in the district the most atractiv of Paris. Every subway for airport and bets are accessible live at the foot of the building. District reassured(secured) in front of Ministry of Health. 	 Luxurious apartment situated behind the Eiffel Tower in the district the most atractiv of Paris. Every subway for airport and bets are accessible live at the foot of the building. District reassured(secured) in front of Ministry of Health.          Luxurious apartment situated behind the Eiffel Tower in the district the most atractiv of Paris. Every subway for airport and bets are accessible live at the foot of the building. District reassured(secured) in front of Ministry of Health. 
2536	THE APARTMENT 22 m2 flat on the first floor (2d floor with US floor numbering). It is located (email hidden)ly street with many shops, bars and restaurants, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. The district is very safe. The flat is next to Rue Cler and Rue Saint-Dominique, between Eiffel Tower and Invalides. The flat is quiet as the windows are on the side of a courtyard and not on the side of the street. There is a living room with a true bed for 2 people (dimensions : 190 * 140 cm ; 75 * 55 inches) and a canape. There are also a bathroom and a kitchen with a dining table.  In the district there are many supermarkets and food shops (Carrefour City, Leader Price...).  It is very close (2 minutes walk) to the metro stations of La Tour Maubourg (line 8), Ecole Militaire (Line 8) and Varenne (Line 13).  Nearby ( around 2 minutes walk) you have bus stations for line 69 (going to Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Palais Royal and Chatelet) and 28 (going to Champs-Elysées).  EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES In 	22 m2 flat on the first floor (2d floor with US floor numbering). It is located in a lively street with many shops, bars and restaurants, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. The flat is between Invalides and EiffelTower. THE APARTMENT 22 m2 flat on the first floor (2d floor with US floor numbering). It is located (email hidden)ly street with many shops, bars and restaurants, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. The district is very safe. The flat is next to Rue Cler and Rue Saint-Dominique, between Eiffel Tower and Invalides. The flat is quiet as the windows are on the side of a courtyard and not on the side of the street. There is a living room with a true bed for 2 people (dimensions : 190 * 140 cm ; 75 * 55 inches) and a canape. There are also a bathroom and a kitchen with a dining table.  In the district there are many supermarkets and food shops (Carrefour City, Leader Price...).  It is very close (2 minutes walk) to the metro stations of La Tour Maubourg (line 8), Ecole Militaire 
2537		Agréable studio (35 m2) avec cuisine séparée  au 3ème étage avec ascenseur, digicode et concierge 1pièce cuisine séparée entièrement équipée. En plus du canapé-lit ( 2 places) , un matelas pneumatique (2 places ) sera mis à votre disposition. Métros proches : Duroc, Montparnasse, Vaneau  Lignes de Bus : (phone number hidden)
2538	A stunning, 25m² apartment, located in the Saint-Germain-des-Prés - the chicest quarter in Paris. Near the famous department store Bon Marché, close to several metro lines. 1 double bed and a comfortable sofa bed, perfect for 2-3 peoples. Free internet, equipped kitchen, and incredible Eiffel Tower view. Heart of the Saint-Germain-des-Prés in 6th arrondissement. Beautiful Parisian street view. Very close to the famous luxury departement store Le Bon Marché, 5 minutes walking distance to the park Luxembourg, very convenient transport to musée du Louvre, Eiffel Tower etc.  Perfect for 2-3 peoples of lovers or friends who want to experience Paris as real Parisians. Internet, kitchen access, towels and professional cleaning before your stay, are all included in the rent.	A stunning, 25m² apartment, located in the Saint-Germain-des-Prés - the chicest quarter in Paris. Near the famous department store Bon Marché, close to several metro lines. 1 double bed and a comfortable sofa bed, perfect for 2-3 peoples. Free internet, equipped kitchen, and incredible Eiffel Tower view.
2539	L'appartement est situé au cinquième étage côté cour d’un hôtel particulier.  Il bénéficie de l'ensoleillement en journée et est très calme . Il comprend un salon avec canapé convertible , un grand espace cuisine équipée avec bar donnant sur le salon , une salle de bain , une chambre avec dressing et un WC indépendant, le tout sur une superficie de 38m². Cette appartement est entièrement meublé avec internet, TV et téléphone compris , vous trouverez couettes, oreillers, draps, serviettes de toilettes, … . The apartment is located in the heart of St Germain des Prés ,in an old “Hotel particulier”. It is courtyard-facing so it is quiet and bright. The flat is composed of a leaving room and a fully equiped kitchen , a bathroom , a quiet bedroom with double bed , a dressing and a separate toilet room. Towels, linen, covers furnished. 	Un appartement typiquement parisien situé dans un ancien hôtel particulier, à proximité de Saint Germain des Prés et de St Sulpice. L'appartement est situé au cinquième étage côté cour d’un hôtel particulier.  Il bénéficie de l'ensoleillement en journée et est très calme . Il comprend un salon avec canapé convertible , un grand espace cuisine équipée avec bar donnant sur le salon , une salle de bain , une chambre avec dressing et un WC indépendant, le tout sur une superficie de 38m². Cette appartement est entièrement meublé avec internet, TV et téléphone compris , vous trouverez couettes, oreillers, draps, serviettes de toilettes, … . The apartment is located in the heart of St Germain des Prés ,in an old “Hotel particulier”. It is courtyard-facing so it is quiet and bright. The flat is composed of a leaving room and a fully equiped kitchen , a bathroom , a quiet bedroom with double bed , a dressing and a separate toilet room. Towels, linen, covers furnished. L’appartement est situé da
2540	Chambre dans appartement de grand charme avec décoration très cosy. Immeuble parisien.  Vue Exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel qui se trouve à quelques mètres. Le champs de Mars sera à vos pieds pour vos promenades. Dans quartier résidentielle et très cosmopolite, proche université, église et cathédrale Américaine.  Vie de quartier très parisienne avec shopping et restaurants très variés! Marché pittoresque tous les jours ! La seine est à 5 mns de marche et vous offrira de magnifiques ballades. Aussi très proche de nombreux musés; Musée d art moderne, Musée de l'homme, Petit Palais, Palais de Tokyo, Musée Branly etc ... Transports à proximité : Bus, Métro, Rer, Taxi et bateau mouche. Je suis bilingue anglais ! I do speak english.  Wellcome à Paris ! 	Chambre dans appartement de grand charme avec décoration très cosy. Immeuble parisien.  Vue Exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel qui se trouve à quelques mètres. Le champs de Mars sera à vos pieds pour vos promenades. Dans quartier résidentielle et très cosmopolite, proche université, église et cathédrale Américaine.  Vie de quartier très parisienne avec shopping et restaurants très variés! Marché pittoresque tous les jours ! La seine est à 5 mns de marche et vous offrira de magnifiques ballades. Aussi très proche de nombreux musés; Musée d art moderne, Musée de l'homme, Petit Palais, Palais de Tokyo, Musée Branly etc ... Transports à proximité : Bus, Métro, Rer, Taxi et bateau mouche. Je suis bilingue anglais ! I do speak english.  Wellcome à Paris ! 
2541	Apartment perfect for 3 persons. Big Living-room , big room , big kitchen and nice bathroom. IMPORTANT NOTE : I will ask for 60e in cash at the check in for the cleaning fee	My apartment is only 2mn away from the Eiffel Tower. The Neighborhood , The Building are very nice and secure. My apartment has been renovated 7months ago and offer all the comfort you would look for. Around the apartment , you ll find all you need. Apartment perfect for 3 persons. Big Living-room , big room , big kitchen and nice bathroom. IMPORTANT NOTE : I will ask for 60e in cash at the check in for the cleaning fee CLEANING FEE : 60e IN CASH AT THE CHECK IN PLEASE
2542	Vous avez acces à une cuisine équipée. L'appartement est très agréable, proche de la tour eiffel dans un quartier touristique.	Chambre et living room, toilette, douche, avec accès à la cuisine, 45 mètres carré,  proche de la tour Eiffel. Bien située, à proximité de tous les commerces et des transports, des banques, des restaurants ... Le quartier est agréable et touristique. Vous avez acces à une cuisine équipée. L'appartement est très agréable, proche de la tour eiffel dans un quartier touristique. Les voyageurs auront accès au wifi, à la cuisine.  je réponds dès que je reçois un message au plus tard dans l'heure qui suit sinon dans la journée. Qartier touristique et très agréable. métro ligne 8 et bus à proximité
2543	Room for rent, 1-3 Persons LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Palais de la Decouverte, etc. Premier location in upscale, trendy and safe neighborhood and building - there are 15 Embassies in a 100 meter radius.  Perfect place to have as a quiet, cozy home base for your Paris trip. Wonderful for strolling day or evening. VERY QUIET, CHEERFUL and SUNNY. Buses, taxi, Metros Invalides/La Tour Maubourg and train C direct to Versailles are just around the corner, 5 min. walk max., so moving around Paris is a breeze. Underground secure parking two blocks away under Esplanade des Invalides. - No cleaning fee - Fiber Optic Internet / Wifi  - AC / Heaters  - Sound proof windows  - American kitchen with all amenities  - Washer  - Hair Dryer - Linens, towels and soap provided  -	LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit  Room for rent, 1-3 Persons LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!! Be in the HEART of PARIS! ! This flat is virtually surrounded by sightseeing spots. Walk to the Eiffel tower, Seine river, Champs Elysees, Louvre, Rodin, Invalides (Napoleon's Tomb), Orsay, Branley, Grand Palais, Petit Palais, Palais de la Decouverte, etc. Premier location in upscale, trendy and safe neighborhood and building - there are 15 Embassies in a 100 meter radius.  Perfect place to have as a quiet, cozy home base for your Paris trip. Wonderful for strolling day or evening. VERY QUIET, CHEERFUL and SUNNY. Buses, taxi, Metros Invalides/La Tour Maubourg and train C direct to Versailles are just around the corner, 5 min. walk max., so moving around Paris is a breeze. Undergroun
2544	2 properties, 3 beds, 1 sofabed, 2 stylished new decorated places close to the Eiffel Tower and the river banks. Less than 100 meters distance between the 2 properties offers a great accomodation solution for friends or family (ies)	"My two charming properties located at less than 100 meters fom each other can welcome 8 people 2 properties, 3 beds, 1 sofabed, 2 stylished new decorated places close to the Eiffel Tower and the river banks. Less than 100 meters distance between the 2 properties offers a great accomodation solution for friends or family (ies) Properties are located in a great central area called ""Gros Caillou""? Eiffel Tower, Invalides, river banks close this familial parisian elegant part of Paris. Market street, shopping shops, cafés, restaurants....all facilities and warm smart atmosphere around. RER Invalides Metro station Invalides (lines 8 and 13), or la Tour Maubourg (line 8) Busses (phone number hidden)"
2545		Véritables petit appartement situé à l’étage élevé de l'hôtel avec un balcon avec vue sur les toits de Paris. Un havre de tranquillité, équipée d'un lit King size de qualité supérieure 
2546	"The flat is 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars & closed to ""The Invalides"". It is also near the ""rue cler"" a very typical street of the 7th area with lovely shops : foods, flowers... "	"Flat for 5 or 6 persons located near the Eiffel Tower. Very convenient flat for a long stay very well equiped with TV, free wireless, hi-speed internet. Kitchen completly equiped : dish machine, washing machine... The flat is 5 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, Champs de Mars & closed to ""The Invalides"". It is also near the ""rue cler"" a very typical street of the 7th area with lovely shops : foods, flowers...  You have access at all equipments in the flat : TV, wireless network, & a kitchen well-equiped with all you need : dishmachine, oven, patches, Nespresso machine I will welcome you and give you all details about the flat, area... The flat is very quiet, very well located. You could visit on foot. There are very good storekeepers, supermarket, bakery near our flat. The flat is in the 4th floor with elevator. Line Subway : 8 (école militaire) or 10. We are also near RER C (line to go directly to Versailles). A lot of bus to go to the Champs Elysées (5mn). "
2547	Central heating TV Little kitchen King size bed	Two-room apartment: living room and bedroom bathroom with shower and toilets Bright and quiet Central heating Little kitchen Wifi Close from subway, coffees restaurants... in the King size bed 1,60 x 2 m Sheets and towels Central heating TV Little kitchen King size bed Close from subway like one minute by feet Velib & autolib 3rd floor No lift Eiffel tower  Champ de mars Invalides and banks of the Seine Subway line 8 école militaire
2548	LOCATED 5 MN FROM EIFFEL TOWER BETWEEN CHAMPS DE MARS AND INVALIDES NEXT TO FAMOUS DAY  MARKET WALKING  STREET RUE  CLER  BEST LOCATION IN PARIS  VILLAGE ATMOSPHERE  METRO ECOLE MILITAIRE . A STROLL TO THE CHAMPS ELYSEES AS WELL! ON THE FIRST FLOOR OF TRADITIONNAL BUILDING LAST CENTURY A SMALL ONE BEDROOM APPT WELL ORGANISED WITH FULLY EQUIPED KITCHEN  FULL BATHROOM AND SEPARATED WC CONFORTABLE SALON  WITH LARGE WINDOWS FACING THE STREET WOODEN FLOOR OLD AND MODERN  FURNATURE MAKES A COSY ATMOSPHERE AT A WALKING DISTANCE EIFFEL TOWER  MUSEE RODIN GRAND PALAIS MUSEE BRANLY MUSEE D ORSAY LES BATEAUX MOUCHES ON THE RIVER SEINE  ALL AT YOUR HAND  RED AND YELLOW BUSES STOPS ARE NEXT TO YOU TO VISIT PARIS  EASILY METRO STATION ECOLE MILITAIRE  TAKES YOU  TO MAIN SPOT OF PARIS AS WELL ALL OF THIS MAKE THE 7TH THE BEST PLACE TO STAY IN PARIS  STROLL TO THE CHAMPS ELYSEES AS WELL!	LOCATED 5 MN FROM EIFFEL TOWER BETWEEN CHAMPS DE MARS AND INVALIDES NEXT TO FAMOUS DAY  MARKET WALKING  STREET RUE  CLER  BEST LOCATION IN PARIS  VILLAGE ATMOSPHERE  METRO ECOLE MILITAIRE . A STROLL TO THE CHAMPS ELYSEES AS WELL! ON THE FIRST FLOOR OF TRADITIONNAL BUILDING LAST CENTURY A SMALL ONE BEDROOM APPT WELL ORGANISED WITH FULLY EQUIPED KITCHEN  FULL BATHROOM AND SEPARATED WC CONFORTABLE SALON  WITH LARGE WINDOWS FACING THE STREET WOODEN FLOOR OLD AND MODERN  FURNATURE MAKES A COSY ATMOSPHERE AT A WALKING DISTANCE EIFFEL TOWER  MUSEE RODIN GRAND PALAIS MUSEE BRANLY MUSEE D ORSAY LES BATEAUX MOUCHES ON THE RIVER SEINE  ALL AT YOUR HAND  RED AND YELLOW BUSES STOPS ARE NEXT TO YOU TO VISIT PARIS  EASILY METRO STATION ECOLE MILITAIRE  TAKES YOU  TO MAIN SPOT OF PARIS AS WELL ALL OF THIS MAKE THE 7TH THE BEST PLACE TO STAY IN PARIS  STROLL TO THE CHAMPS ELYSEES AS WELL!
2549	Charming studio of 280 ft2 (26 m2) carefully designed and equipped for a comfortable stay in The City of Light. Located in the heart of the chic and lively 7th arrondissement of Paris, the studio is close to many historical and cultural sites. You'll easily walk to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Museum of Quai Branly. Only 50 meters from the famous Rue Cler, you will find many restaurants (including gourmet restaurants run by famous chefs), shops, bakeries, small supermarkets, and shops of garment and decoration. Lots of transportation options available to choose from: bus (92 to Champs Elysees and Montparnasse; 69 to l’hôtel de ville, pont neuf), metro (line 8 to Concorde, Madeleine, Opera), RER (RER C Notre Dame de Paris and Versailles). Our studio is perfect to discover the true art de vivre of Paris. Furnished with one double bed and one sofa bed with high quality mattresses, the studio can accommodate maximum 4 persons.	Charming studio of 280 ft2 (26 m2) carefully designed and equipped for a comfortable stay in The City of Light. Located in the heart of the chic and lively 7th arrondissement of Paris, the studio is close to many historical and cultural sites. You'll easily walk to the Eiffel Tower, the Invalides, the Museum of Quai Branly. Only 50 meters from the famous Rue Cler, you will find many restaurants (including gourmet restaurants run by famous chefs), shops, bakeries, small supermarkets, and shops of garment and decoration. Lots of transportation options available to choose from: bus (92 to Champs Elysees and Montparnasse; 69 to l’hôtel de ville, pont neuf), metro (line 8 to Concorde, Madeleine, Opera), RER (RER C Notre Dame de Paris and Versailles). Our studio is perfect to discover the true art de vivre of Paris. Furnished with one double bed and one sofa bed with high quality mattresses, the studio can accommodate maximum 4 persons.
2550	One 30 sq meters duplex apartment with a mezzanine bedroom, a living room with sofabed, dining space, kitchenette. + a 20 sq meters studio with sofabed, dining space, kitchenette. Both of the apartments have also modern and nice shower rooms with WC. Internet wifi and TV.	"Two apartments in the same building. One ground floor duplex apartment for 4 and one studio for 2 located on the 4th floor, with a small Tour Eiffel view. Both of the apartment are carefuly decorated and full equipped One 30 sq meters duplex apartment with a mezzanine bedroom, a living room with sofabed, dining space, kitchenette. + a 20 sq meters studio with sofabed, dining space, kitchenette. Both of the apartments have also modern and nice shower rooms with WC. Internet wifi and TV. The building is located between the Eiffel Tower and the famous pedestrian market street ""rue Cler"". This great and central area offers all facilities with a large choice of restaurants, cafés, supermarkets, shops. It's a lively safe area in Paris, close to all the main touristic sights. Métro Ecole Militaire RER invalides Busses (phone number hidden)"
2551		In a very Parisian and central neighborhood (7ème Arr), 50 metres from the metro station (Ecole Militaire), walking distance from Tour Eiffel, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay
2552	THE LOCATION !!! MOST CHARMING STUDIO IN PARIS/ EIFFEL TOWER VIEW FROM THE TERRACE Notre maison At CHAMP DE MARS/ ECOLE MILITAIRE in the center of PARIS Charming fully furnished studio available 33² on the 5th floor with lift big windows looking onto street (quiet) and terrace, no building directly opposite !!! Yes, you can see the Eiffel tower !  Wifi, separate kitchen and bathroom with full size bath. Shop/ market/ restaurant/ café Parisian/ Metro/ rue cler / Just HERE !! Our area is one of the nicest in Paris very secure and sweetly trendy There are a lot of parks around (Champs de mars 2 minutes by walk, parc du Musée Rodin, 10 minutes by walk), and picnic during summer is a real pleasure, on the champ de mars facing the light of the eiffel tower. You can easily visit Tour Eiffel and the famous museums Musée du Louvre et Musée d'Orsay, and have a brunch, a coffee on rue Cler, or go to one of the restaurant of famous rue St-Dominique - the restaurant where Obama had dinner there dur	THE LOCATION !!! MOST CHARMING STUDIO IN PARIS/ EIFFEL TOWER VIEW FROM THE TERRACE Notre maison At CHAMP DE MARS/ ECOLE MILITAIRE in the center of PARIS Charming fully furnished studio available 33² on the 5th floor with lift big windows looking onto street (quiet) and terrace, no building directly opposite !!! Yes, you can see the Eiffel tower !  Wifi, separate kitchen and bathroom with full size bath. Shop/ market/ restaurant/ café Parisian/ Metro/ rue cler / Just HERE !! Our area is one of the nicest in Paris very secure and sweetly trendy There are a lot of parks around (Champs de mars 2 minutes by walk, parc du Musée Rodin, 10 minutes by walk), and picnic during summer is a real pleasure, on the champ de mars facing the light of the eiffel tower. You can easily visit Tour Eiffel and the famous museums Musée du Louvre et Musée d'Orsay, and have a brunch, a coffee on rue Cler, or go to one of the restaurant of famous rue St-Dominique - the restaurant where Obama had dinner there dur
2553	Studio de 23m2 situé à proximité du métro ECOLE MILITAIRE (ligne 8) situé au RdC sur cour. Tabacs, banques, café/bar, supermarché, fast food, restaurants à proximité	Studio près rue clerc et champs de mars. Salle de bain avec baignoire, toilette et lavabo. Cuisine avec réfrigérateur/congélateur, four, micro-onde, plaques, fer à repasser et lave linge. Pièce de vie avec TV, téléphone, internet (wifi) compris. Studio de 23m2 situé à proximité du métro ECOLE MILITAIRE (ligne 8) situé au RdC sur cour. Tabacs, banques, café/bar, supermarché, fast food, restaurants à proximité pas d'interdictions Echange par mail. Aucune présence dans le logement pendant le séjour des voyageurs. Studio de 23m2 situé à proximité du métro ECOLE MILITAIRE (ligne 8) près de la rue clerc et champs de mars. Tabacs, banques, café/bar, supermarché, fast food, restaurants à proximité métro ECOLE MILITAIRE (ligne 8), bus 82, 92, 80 et 28. location avec caution
2554	This flat is located in a very chic modern building with a caretaker. Security is guaranteed by a code and an intercom.  The living room is large (28m²) and two sofas make it a nice relaxing place during the day, and turn it into a bedroom at night because one of the sofas is convertible. The dining room table can expand and seats up to 8 guests for dinner. The pretty bedroom is on the other side of the building and faces a quiet garden. The 160cm bed is excellent, the mattress is very recent (January 2015). A second television is there for you to enjoy. Access to the bathroom with integrated toilet is through the bedroom. Another toilet is however available directly in the hallway between the living room and kitchen. One of the outstanding qualities of this apartment is its two balconies (5m²). One towering over the street, the second facesthe garden and both will welcome you to read a book or enjoy some breakfast outdoors. The kitchen is fully equipped with hob, regular oven and micr	This flat is located in a very chic modern building with a caretaker. Security is guaranteed by a code and an intercom.  The living room is large (28m²) and two sofas make it a nice relaxing place during the day, and turn it into a bedroom at night because one of the sofas is convertible. The dining room table can expand and seats up to 8 guests for dinner. The pretty bedroom is on the other side of the building and faces a quiet garden. The 160cm bed is excellent, the mattress is very recent (January 2015). A second television is there for you to enjoy. Access to the bathroom with integrated toilet is through the bedroom. Another toilet is however available directly in the hallway between the living room and kitchen. One of the outstanding qualities of this apartment is its two balconies (5m²). One towering over the street, the second facesthe garden and both will welcome you to read a book or enjoy some breakfast outdoors. The kitchen is fully equipped with hob, regular oven and micr
2555	Quiet studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près. 	       Quiet studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près. Quiet studio in the heart of Saint-Germain-des-Près. 
2556		A cosy apartment situated in the heart of Paris. An american style kitchen and modern bathroom, fully equiped to cater to your needs during your stay in Paris. This charming two roomed apartment offers a unique setting for your holiday in Paris.
2557	The studio is perfect for two people. It is functional and confortable. There is a sofa-bed, a little kitchen, a TV, Wifi, toilet and shower. Everything is new and clean.	This appartment is aconfortable place for two where you cand find everything you need for a nice stay in Paris. It is located in a charming and chic neigborhood just by the eiffel tower.  The studio is perfect for two people. It is functional and confortable. There is a sofa-bed, a little kitchen, a TV, Wifi, toilet and shower. Everything is new and clean. You will have access to clean towels and sheets, to all the material in the kitchen, a haidryer and everything that is in the appartment. I will be happy to help you organise your trip. The neigborhood is called Gros Caillou. It's a traditional parisian neigborhood. Within a few steps from the studio you can find excellent restaurants owned by famous chefs (i will be happy to givou you tips on where to eat). There is a supermarket 0 minutes away from the studio as well as excellent bakeries and pastry shops. If you are a fan of street markets, you have Rue Clair only 4 minutes away. The metro stations Invalides and La Tour Maubourg a
2558	Classic chic Parisian building, the flat is on the 4th floor. I’m sharing this spacious and bright flat with an adorable housemate and I sublet my room when I’m travelling. The bathroom has a bath tub and the toilets are separated	Comfortable bedroom in a bright and spacious apartment in Saint-Germain-des-Près. City center, quiet, safe and close to all public transports. Near Opera, Louvre museum, Champs Elysées, Luxembourg garden. Classic chic Parisian building, the flat is on the 4th floor. I’m sharing this spacious and bright flat with an adorable housemate and I sublet my room when I’m travelling. The bathroom has a bath tub and the toilets are separated You have access to your room obviously. The kitchen, bathroom, large living room are shared with my housemate. You can use the washing machine for an extra 5 € I’ll be happy to advise you and assist you in your trip planning The area is the one of the antique dealers so you’ll be surrounded with beautiful shop windows. You’ll find restaurants, delis, bars nearby as well as a supermarket if you want to cook. You are 7 minutes walk to St Germain, 7 mn from the Louvres, 5 from Tuileries. Near subway/underground lines 12 and 4 Near RER B et C Near several buses 
2559		Petite de chambre de 10 M2 à dans le 7 ème arrondissement , à 5 minutes du métro 4 station saint germain des près. à proximité de la seine .  
2560	Le logement est confortable (bonne literie, canapé et fauteuils, grande table, etc.) et il est correctement équipé. Vous pourrez prendre vos repas sur le balcon et aussi vous faire bronzer si vous n'avez pas envie de sortir !	Appartement de 2 grandes pièces avec balcon (sur cour), plein soleil, très lumineux. Vous aurez de la place et du calme. Idéalement placé : rues commerçantes, Champ de Mars et Tour Eiffel à proximité métro ligne 8 École Militaire Le logement est confortable (bonne literie, canapé et fauteuils, grande table, etc.) et il est correctement équipé. Vous pourrez prendre vos repas sur le balcon et aussi vous faire bronzer si vous n'avez pas envie de sortir ! Vous aurez accès à l'ensemble du logement Je ne serai peut être pas présent à Paris mais je resterai joignable par téléphone. Je connais très bien le quartier et Paris, je pourrai vous guider si besoin Le quartier est très agréable, il est également très sécurisé. Des rue commerçantes sont à proximité, en particulier la rue Cler et ses commerçant et la Rue de l'Exposition et Bosquet et leurs nombreux restaurants (dont restaurants de Constant). Idéalement placé, proche de tous les lieux à visiter. De nombreux transports à proximité : métro
2561	This is a one bedroom apartment in the very chic and elegant 7th arrondissment of Paris, centrally located. It is in a building constructed circa 1970's. The Bedroom is equipped with a double bed chest of drawers & cupboards and gives onto an inner courtyard. The bathroom is equipped with a bath tub, shower and sink. The kitchen has an oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, kettle, pots & pans, plates and cooking utensils as well as a clothes washer. The kitchen and bathroom in this apartment are old but perfectly functional (I have reflected this in pricing the apartment). There is a separate toilet. The living room gives on to the street and has a small balcony. It is equipped with a large dining table six chairs, a leather sofa and two sofa beds. The TV and internet router are in the living room. 	This one bedroom flat is fully equipped. the bedroom has a double bed, the living room two double sofabeds. The kitchen is equipped as is the bathroom. The dining area table six chairs. In a wonderfull residential area next to the Eiffel Tower and rue Cler. This is a one bedroom apartment in the very chic and elegant 7th arrondissment of Paris, centrally located. It is in a building constructed circa 1970's. The Bedroom is equipped with a double bed chest of drawers & cupboards and gives onto an inner courtyard. The bathroom is equipped with a bath tub, shower and sink. The kitchen has an oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, kettle, pots & pans, plates and cooking utensils as well as a clothes washer. The kitchen and bathroom in this apartment are old but perfectly functional (I have reflected this in pricing the apartment). There is a separate toilet. The living room gives on to the street and has a small balcony. It is equipped with a large dining table six chairs, a leather sofa and tw
2562	This 20 square meters (approx: 215 sqft) apartment is located on the 4th floor of a nice building rue de Sèvres in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pres district. It proposes a living/dining room, an equipped kitchen, a bathroom with toilets, and a mezzanine bedroom. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business travel. The nearest metro stations are Sèvres - Babylone, Rennes or Vaneau.	This 29 square meters (approx: 312 sqft) apartment is a charming and very original duplex located on the 4th floor of a nice building rue de Sèvres in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pres district. This 20 square meters (approx: 215 sqft) apartment is located on the 4th floor of a nice building rue de Sèvres in the 6th arrondissement of Paris Saint-Germain-des-Pres district. It proposes a living/dining room, an equipped kitchen, a bathroom with toilets, and a mezzanine bedroom. It offers all the modern comfort to welcome 2 people for leisure or business travel. The nearest metro stations are Sèvres - Babylone, Rennes or Vaneau. I am at your disposal throughout your stay This is the tourist district of Saint-Germain des Pres, which in the past was the meeting point for artists, intellectuals and which is now more frequently visited by students who enjoy the endless living bars and cafes... But this popularity has made the area more chic and many high-standard shops, pi
2563	"Large and quiet apartment in a charming building designed by Philippe STARCK in the heart of Paris (HEART OF SAINT-GERMAIN DES PRES):  At walking distance : - 5 min Saint-Michel, Quartier latin  - 10 min Invalides - 10 min from Eiffel Tower, - 15 min from Louvre and Le Marais, Chatelet Les Halles,- -15 min from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Literally hundreds of places around to have a ""drink and eat"", truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! The apartment consists of a large living room with a full king size bed and a large comfy couch, bathroom with bathtub / hair dryer and a separated kitchen so you can cook at home if you want (ustensile available, fridge, microwave, oven,toaster, coffe machine), there is a large grocery store near the flat.  Washing/drying machine available.  Very nice flat, 45 square meters , in a typical Parisian neighbourhood.    In details:  - 1 King double sized beds ( 2 people)  - 1 big sofa.  - 1 extra bed (1 people). - 1 separated Kit"	"Large and quiet apartment in a charming building designed by Philippe STARCK in the heart of Paris (HEART OF SAINT-GERMAIN DES PRES):  At walking distance : - 5 min Saint-Michel, Quartier latin  - 10 min Invalides - 10 min from Eiffel Tower, - 15 min from Louvre and Le Marais, Chatelet Les Halles,- -15 min from Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees. Literally hundreds of places around to have a ""drink and eat"", truly the best neighborhood for all your shopping needs! The apartment consists of a large living room with a full king size bed and a large comfy couch, bathroom with bathtub / hair dryer and a separated kitchen so you can cook at home if you want (ustensile available, fridge, microwave, oven,toaster, coffe machine), there is a large grocery store near the flat.  Washing/drying machine available.  Very nice flat, 45 square meters , in a typical Parisian neighbourhood.    In details:  - 1 King double sized beds ( 2 people)  - 1 big sofa.  - 1 extra bed (1 people). - 1 separated Kit"
2564	Dans un immeuble haussemanien, au rez-de-chaussée. Très beau deux pièces, dans un style loft de 45m2. Entree, séjour avec cuisine ouverte équipée, chambre, salle de bain.  Très calme, et très cosy.	Two rooms in the heart of the most beautiful district of Paris, ideally located for exploring the capital. Located on the ground floor of a haussemanien building.  loft-style appartement of 45m2  Dans un immeuble haussemanien, au rez-de-chaussée. Très beau deux pièces, dans un style loft de 45m2. Entree, séjour avec cuisine ouverte équipée, chambre, salle de bain.  Très calme, et très cosy. L'appartement est équipé d'un frigo, de plaques électriques, micro-onde/four, lave vaisselle, machine à café, machine à laver, sèche-linge, sèche cheveux, télévision.  Draps et serviettes a disposition.  Accès wifi disponible.  Vous pouvez me joindre à tous moments pour d'éventuelles questions, informations supplémentaire, conseils.  L'appartement est idéalement situé, entre le quartier de saint germain des près et le quartier latin. A quelques minutes du jardin du Luxembourg et du Bon Marché.  Agréable pour visiter Paris, ses grands monuments, se balader, faire du shopping.  Quartier très bien dess
2565	Our guests will enjoy the biggest bedroom with their very own extra large bathroom with oversized bath tub and a very good strong rain shower. This home is completely renovated, so it looks brand new with tasteful furniture but with the old Parisian charm of moulures on the ceiling, and fireplaces. You will also have a super comfortable King Size bed, a desk and some wardrobe space. There is also a washing machine and dryer for you to do any washing. The kitchen is fully equipped, and you are more than welcome to cook or use it at any time. Overall, its very clean, tidy and organised. The neighbourhood although with its close proximity to Eiffel Tower, remains one of the most quiet and exclusive residential area in Paris. Within 2-5mins walk, you will find at least 5 grocery stores (Franprix, Dia, Casino, G20 and Simply), a very good one french boulangerie (and many good ones within the neighbourhood), good butchers, and the most famous Rue Cler market is just a short walk away. Public	Forbes describes our street as of the finest streets in Paris, right by Eiffel Tower and Champ de Mars.  So come experience it for yourself. Completely redesigned and renovated 3 bedroom 2 bathroom.  Very clean, neat, tidy, smoke and pet free. Our guests will enjoy the biggest bedroom with their very own extra large bathroom with oversized bath tub and a very good strong rain shower. This home is completely renovated, so it looks brand new with tasteful furniture but with the old Parisian charm of moulures on the ceiling, and fireplaces. You will also have a super comfortable King Size bed, a desk and some wardrobe space. There is also a washing machine and dryer for you to do any washing. The kitchen is fully equipped, and you are more than welcome to cook or use it at any time. Overall, its very clean, tidy and organised. The neighbourhood although with its close proximity to Eiffel Tower, remains one of the most quiet and exclusive residential area in Paris. Within 2-5mins walk, you
2566	A charming 1BD, fully furnished and equipped, by the Champ de Mars and only steps away from Eiffel Tower in the very exclusive 7th Arrondissement !! Very lively neighborhood with many restaurants, shops, and bars ..  	A charming 1BD, fully furnished and equipped, by the Champ de Mars and only steps away from Eiffel Tower in the very exclusive 7th Arrondissement !! Very lively neighborhood with many restaurants, shops, and bars ..  A charming 1BD, fully furnished and equipped, by the Champ de Mars and only steps away from Eiffel Tower in the very exclusive 7th Arrondissement !! Very lively neighborhood with many restaurants, shops, and bars ..  
2567	Great natural light, comfortable sofabed easy to unfold, full equipped kitchen, large shower room.  This 32 sq meters apartment has been totaly renovated and furbished to offer a high comfort level	New! Amazing apartment with beautiful view to the river, Paris and monuments One of the smartest location between Invalides and the Eiffel Tower. 7th floor position offers a rare situation close to the sky. Brightly new renovated studio for 2. Great natural light, comfortable sofabed easy to unfold, full equipped kitchen, large shower room.  This 32 sq meters apartment has been totaly renovated and furbished to offer a high comfort level I welcome my guests at the apartment and i'm always very pleased to share my favourite addresses around The Quai d'Orsay river bank is one of the most prestigious location in Paris This area located between Invalides and the Eiffel tower is also a lively secure area with absolutly all facilites around, shops, restaurants, and the famous pedestrian market street, the rue Cler. Both elegant and lively, this area offers the best of the parisian atmosphère and has a great central position in the city. RER pont de l'Alma Métro stations Invalides and Alma Ma
2568	Lightening and cozy the appartment is composed with 2 opened rooms. Located at the 3rd floor, between rue Cler market street and the Eiffel Tower.  The apt has a living room with a sofa and a dining table, bedroom, bathroom, equipped kitchen, Wifi. 2 min by walk from the Eiffel Tower, 5 min from the Invalides. Near from all famous Monuments. We would be pleased to welcome you, help you and advise you to enjoy our favorite city !  The area is calm, very safety and close to the center of Paris.  In Cler Street, you can find a wonderful seelection of specialty food stores, patisseries, butchers, the famest cheese shop. Here is one of the best market streets in Paris.  Métro Ecole Militaire L8 Bus 80, 92, 69 Nous adorons Paris, nous aimons y vivre, nous y promener et y découvrir de nouveaux endroits méconnus. Il y a toujours un bar ou un restaurant qui vaut le détour ! Nous voyageons le plus souvent possible à la découverte de capitales européennes, mais aussi de grands espaces. Nous prévo	Bonjour, Nous vous proposons de vivre une semaine complète dans notre appartement à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel en plein cœur de Paris Hi, We propose you to live in our flat for one week. Located in downtown Paris, one bloc from the Eiffel Tower. Lightening and cozy the appartment is composed with 2 opened rooms. Located at the 3rd floor, between rue Cler market street and the Eiffel Tower.  The apt has a living room with a sofa and a dining table, bedroom, bathroom, equipped kitchen, Wifi. 2 min by walk from the Eiffel Tower, 5 min from the Invalides. Near from all famous Monuments. We would be pleased to welcome you, help you and advise you to enjoy our favorite city !  The area is calm, very safety and close to the center of Paris.  In Cler Street, you can find a wonderful seelection of specialty food stores, patisseries, butchers, the famest cheese shop. Here is one of the best market streets in Paris.  Métro Ecole Militaire L8 Bus 80, 92, 69 Nous adorons Paris, nous aimons y vivre,
2569	The studio is on a quiet courtyard. It has been refurbished in 2009 and repainted in 2014.	This furnished small studio 13 sqm for 1 person is located on the 6th floor, accessible with elevator. Equipped with electric heating, refrigerator, and microwave. It has an Italian shower, washbasin, WC. Safety ensured with access code and intercom. The studio is on a quiet courtyard. It has been refurbished in 2009 and repainted in 2014. I can provide advice on the neighborhood and your visits. The neighborhood is very lively, rue Cler, rue de Grenelle and Saint Domnique. The Champ de Mars and Eiffel Tower are very close. Metro station Ecole Militaire on line 8. Four bus lines, ten minutes to Champs-Elysées and Gare Montparnasse.
2570		Un joli studio de 17 m2 avec vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel en plein cœur de Paris 7eme arrondissement proche rue Saint Dominique , rue Cler . Dans un quartier très prisé du 7e arrondissement. A 500 mètres du Champ de Mars et Tour Eiffel .
2571	Perfectly located, ideal for a couple. Corner Avenue de la Motte-Picquet and Avenue de Suffren, in one of the many haussmanian buildings, on the 7th floor (historically the maids’ floor), we welcome you!  Our home has the characteristic parisian garret on the top floor apartment.  There is one bedroom - No fold-out, but real comfortable bed! Option : one comforable blow-bed available for a 3rd guest (ideal for a child or family).  The apartment is fully decorated and very functional with its fully equipped kitchen and all the accessories.  1 minute walk from station La Motte-Picquet metro and 3 minutes from Ecole Militaire station (line 8), you can go anywhere in Paris in 30 minutes.  - 30 seconds walk from the Champs-de-Mars (where you can picnic and practice your daily exercise)  - 1 minute walk to the grocery stores, restaurants, bars and cafes on the Avenue Motte-Picquet, but also 5 minutes walk from the very well known rue Cler and rue du Commerce.	Perfectly situated in renown 7th dist., our nest accommodates 2pers. with 1 separate bedroom. 7th floor of an Haussmanien traditional building, 6 large windows… Walking distance to must-be-seen in Paris: Eiffel tower, Champs-de-Mars, Ecole Militaire. Perfectly located, ideal for a couple. Corner Avenue de la Motte-Picquet and Avenue de Suffren, in one of the many haussmanian buildings, on the 7th floor (historically the maids’ floor), we welcome you!  Our home has the characteristic parisian garret on the top floor apartment.  There is one bedroom - No fold-out, but real comfortable bed! Option : one comforable blow-bed available for a 3rd guest (ideal for a child or family).  The apartment is fully decorated and very functional with its fully equipped kitchen and all the accessories.  1 minute walk from station La Motte-Picquet metro and 3 minutes from Ecole Militaire station (line 8), you can go anywhere in Paris in 30 minutes.  - 30 seconds walk from the Champs-de-Mars (where you ca
2572	Very cosy and great and secure location \ nearby the best place to get the best Food RUE  clerc  View is just fabulous especially at night on the Dome and also eiffel Tower in the bedroom	This tastefully decorated and modern 50 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on boulevard de La Tour Maubourg in the 7th arrondissement, on the 5 th French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 2 people. Very cosy and great and secure location \ nearby the best place to get the best Food RUE  clerc  View is just fabulous especially at night on the Dome and also eiffel Tower in the bedroom very close from metro and walking distance from many monuments check in  check out cleaning possible airport transfert possible
2573	I rent a flat located on the 4 th floor (no lift). The building is very securised with 2 codes. The studio is very comfortable for 2 people but you can be 4 as there is the place and the beds (2 double beds). The bedroom contains one big bed and one convertible, so it can welcome 4 people. The flat is very bright and luminous (south exposed). The apartment has one spacious bedroom with an undirect view on the Eiffel Tower (with a king size bed). There is a separate kitchen wich is full equipped with : a fridge, a frizzer, a coffee machine, hotplates, an oven, a dishwasher, etc... There is a separate bathroom with a shower and WC.  It is a very nice and clean place to enjoy your trip in Paris. It is close to the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Champs Elysees, and other famous sites. It's located in one of the most pleasant and elegant areas in Paris, in a lovely street with great variety of shops, restaurants and bars. Metro station : Ecole Militaire Line 8.	I rent a flat located on the 4 th floor (no lift). The building is very securised with 2 codes. The studio is very comfortable for 2 people but you can be 4 as there is the place and the beds (2 double beds). The bedroom contains one big bed and one convertible, so it can welcome 4 people. The flat is very bright and luminous (south exposed). The apartment has one spacious bedroom with an undirect view on the Eiffel Tower (with a king size bed). There is a separate kitchen wich is full equipped with : a fridge, a frizzer, a coffee machine, hotplates, an oven, a dishwasher, etc... There is a separate bathroom with a shower and WC.  It is a very nice and clean place to enjoy your trip in Paris. It is close to the Invalides, the Eiffel Tower, the Grand Palais, the Champs Elysees, and other famous sites. It's located in one of the most pleasant and elegant areas in Paris, in a lovely street with great variety of shops, restaurants and bars. Metro station : Ecole Militaire Line 8.
2574	Entre terre et ciel un appartement de 250 m2 au dernier étage en plein cœur du Champ de Mars face à la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier aristocratique du 7ème arrondissement. Dans un immeuble art déco des années 1925, l’appartement occupe tout l'étage, aucun voisin, aucun bruit de circulation ou de voisinage seulement le bruit des oiseaux avec une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel, le Trocadéro, la rive Droite et Montparnasse. L’appartement a une orientation sud ouest et bénéficie d’un ensoleillement et d’une clarté qui sont un vrai enchantement même en hiver. Il se compose de 7 pièces, un double salon donnant sur la Tour Eiffel, une salle à manger avec vue sur la Rive Droite, une immense et luxueuse cuisine aménagée entièrement équipée, de quatre chambres, de 3 salles de bains et d’un cabinet de toilettes pour invités. La chambre parentale dispose d’un grand dressing et d’une salle de bains avec vue sur tout Paris. Elle est équipée d’un lit de deux personnes king size (1,60 X 2), la c	Entre terre et ciel un appartement de 250 m2 au dernier étage  en plein cœur du Champ de Mars face à la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier aristocratique du 7ème arrondissement. Dans un immeuble art déco des années 1925, l’appartement occupe tout l'étage Entre terre et ciel un appartement de 250 m2 au dernier étage en plein cœur du Champ de Mars face à la Tour Eiffel dans le quartier aristocratique du 7ème arrondissement. Dans un immeuble art déco des années 1925, l’appartement occupe tout l'étage, aucun voisin, aucun bruit de circulation ou de voisinage seulement le bruit des oiseaux avec une vue exceptionnelle sur la Tour Eiffel, le Trocadéro, la rive Droite et Montparnasse. L’appartement a une orientation sud ouest et bénéficie d’un ensoleillement et d’une clarté qui sont un vrai enchantement même en hiver. Il se compose de 7 pièces, un double salon donnant sur la Tour Eiffel, une salle à manger avec vue sur la Rive Droite, une immense et luxueuse cuisine aménagée entièrement équipée, de 
2575		7ème, superbe quartier vivant, à 2 pas des commerces et restaurants,  7 minutes à pieds du champ de Mars/Tour Eiffel et des Invalides, superficie 24m2, 3ème étage, lit double en mezzanine, canapé, petite cuisine dans la pièce à vivre, salle de bain.
2576	About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero.  Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris	Amazing apartment in front of the Eiffel Tower fully furnished and ideal for a family with children wishing to discover Paris otherwise. 3 bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms: welcome to your new Parisian residence. About 110 square meters : Welcome to your new home where perfection is the basis. Steeped in history, this Parisian Apartment was once the site of a famous residence. Now the epitome of contemporary elegance, the apartment is located just steps from Eiffel Tower and near the Trocadero.  Parquets and moldings of the apartment will transport you into the world of the authentic Paris Absolutly everything is furnished, you don't even need to take your towels. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 3 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family.  The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique (w
2577	This stunning apartment is located on the 6th floor (with elevator !) of a beautiful parisian building facing the Eiffel Tower. This outstanding apartment is composed of a entrance, a living room with 2 big windows showing the Eiffel Tower like you're in a movie ! A kitchen with all equipments, 2 bedrooms in front of the Eiffel Tower, one bathroom with a bathtub, toilet and another bedroom with a couch for 2 people and an independant bathroom with a shower. The 7th arondissement is famous for its tourist attractions, such as the Eiffel Tower, as well as for its many amazing museums, such as the Musée d’Orsay and Musée Rodin. However, it’s also a very popular residential neighborhood in Paris,because the area is simply one of the best residential neighborhoods in Paris. Still associated with the French nobility and upper class, this central Paris neighborhood is fittingly shaped like a diamond. For late check-in, we will ask for: - 40€ for a check-in between 8.00pm and 10.00pm - 60€ for	This apartment is like you're living in a Parisian movie. Living room and the 3 bedrooms are facing the Eiffel Tower ! This stunning apartment is located on the 6th floor (with elevator !) of a beautiful parisian building facing the Eiffel Tower. This outstanding apartment is composed of a entrance, a living room with 2 big windows showing the Eiffel Tower like you're in a movie ! A kitchen with all equipments, 2 bedrooms in front of the Eiffel Tower, one bathroom with a bathtub, toilet and another bedroom with a couch for 2 people and an independant bathroom with a shower. The 7th arondissement is famous for its tourist attractions, such as the Eiffel Tower, as well as for its many amazing museums, such as the Musée d’Orsay and Musée Rodin. However, it’s also a very popular residential neighborhood in Paris,because the area is simply one of the best residential neighborhoods in Paris. Still associated with the French nobility and upper class, this central Paris neighborhood is fitting
2578	 This modern and very well situated 38 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Jean Nicot in the 7th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, concierge.  Sights close by : Invalides - 470 m Champs Elysées - 634 m Avenue Montaigne - 772 m  Subway station La Tour-Maubour M8 Invalides M13 Address rue Jean Nicot 75007 Paris  this district has to be extremely easy to get to, given the number of visitors it receives. Nearby, the many stores on Rue Cler are the place to do your shopping. You really must visit the Eiffel Tower district during your stay in Paris. Bars and Restaurants are just on the street	 This modern and very well situated 38 square meters , 1 Bedroom, apartment is located on rue Jean Nicot in the 7th arrondissement, on the 3 rd French floor of a 19th century walk up building and it sleeps 4 people. This apartment is equipped with : washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, unlimited high speed internet access with the wifi, stereo. Also provided : Bed linens, Blankets, Pillows, Towels and Kitchen utensils The 19th century walk up building is equipped with : security code, concierge.  Sights close by : Invalides - 470 m Champs Elysées - 634 m Avenue Montaigne - 772 m  Subway station La Tour-Maubour M8 Invalides M13 Address rue Jean Nicot 75007 Paris  this district has to be extremely easy to get to, given the number of visitors it receives. Nearby, the many stores on Rue Cler are the place to do your shopping. You really must visit the Eiffel Tower district during your stay in Paris. Bars and Restaurants are just on the street
2579	Appartement situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble avec gardienne et digicode. Conçu pour deux personnes, il est organisé avec une chambre, un salon, une salle de bain, une cuisine avec bar, des WC indépendants, rangements penderie et tiroirs, TV et Wifi. Décoration raffinée, équipement de cuisine haut de gamme, vaste salle de bain avec baignoire et douche hammam. Appartement ensoleillé et très calme, à proximité de la rue Saint Dominique et de ses nombreux commerces , du fameux marché de la rue Cler, et des nombreux restaurants du quartier. L'appartement est à proximité immédiate des stations de bus, de métro, de Vélib et à quelques pas de la promenade piétonne des berges de la Seine.	A quelques pas des bords de Seine, près des Invalides, de la Tour Eiffel et du marché animé de la rue Clerc, l'appartement de 50m2 est conçu pour recevoir deux personnes avec tout le confort moderne dans un cadre raffiné, calme et ensoleillé. Appartement situé au 3ème étage avec ascenseur dans un immeuble avec gardienne et digicode. Conçu pour deux personnes, il est organisé avec une chambre, un salon, une salle de bain, une cuisine avec bar, des WC indépendants, rangements penderie et tiroirs, TV et Wifi. Décoration raffinée, équipement de cuisine haut de gamme, vaste salle de bain avec baignoire et douche hammam. Appartement ensoleillé et très calme, à proximité de la rue Saint Dominique et de ses nombreux commerces , du fameux marché de la rue Cler, et des nombreux restaurants du quartier. L'appartement est à proximité immédiate des stations de bus, de métro, de Vélib et à quelques pas de la promenade piétonne des berges de la Seine. Accès à tout l'appartement (3 placards condamnés)
2580	Type of location : Full apartment except the dressing area Type of bed : Comfortable Treca bed Type of property : Apartement Capacity : 2 persons Bedroom : 1 Bathroom : 1 Bed : 1 - 140cm  Arrival: 15:00 Departure : 12:00	"Charming studio duplex in the heart of Paris, near Montparnasse, the famous dept Store ""Le bon Marché"" and Saint-Germain des  Prés. Type of location : Full apartment except the dressing area Type of bed : Comfortable Treca bed Type of property : Apartement Capacity : 2 persons Bedroom : 1 Bathroom : 1 Bed : 1 - 140cm  Arrival: 15:00 Departure : 12:00 Charming duplex apartment of 35m² in the heart of Paris, entrance at the first floor per staircase, the flat is bright and calm with a view on a courtyard planted with trees.   The flat is composed of two levels: - At the 1st Floor: an entrance deserving a living room with , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with a shower, bath and a toilet  - At the 2nd Floor:  A  bedroom with a comfortable bed and storage, a  large flatscreen TV completes this lovely apartment decorated by an architect.  The big plus is an opened view on the courtyard planted with trees.  Available for 2 people.  At your disposal : tv & Wifi You "
2581		"One bedroom apartment with kitchen all equiped and a nice view, very convenient located 100 m from the Eiffel Tower and 50m from Champs de Mars. Centrally located in a quiet street with supermarkets, bakereries and butcheries  21 m2 / 5th floor Metro ""Ecole Militaire"" (Ligne 8)"
2582	Quartier de Paris : Paris 7ème - EIFFEL TOWER Métro Invalide - RER C Rue Amélie 55M2 - 4th floor with a lift Apartment of 55 meters square for 5 guests   This apartment consists of a large living-room with a sofa bed for 2 guests and a camp bed. The kitchen is completely equipped with stove, micor-wave, fridge, dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle. The apartment consists of 1 separated bedroom, In the bedroom, you’ll find a large bed with a bathroom and water closets.. The bathroom has a bathtub. Equipment: washing-machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board, Wifi, Flat TV Screen. Linen and towels are furnished Number of sleeping : 5                     King Bed                         160*200                     Single Bed X 1                  90*200                      Salon : Sofabed              140*190 With elevator Furnihed kitchen Washing machin electric Dryer Dishes Kettle and coffee machin Oven Stove Refrigerator- Freezer Vacum-Cleaner Iron with table Hair Dryer B	Family apartment : 55 meters square 4th floor with a lift 5 guests. Fresh Linen and towels during the stay Rue Amelie : at walking distance Eiffel Towel, Musée Orsay, Invalides, River La Seine. One bedroom One bathroom with a bathtub. Toilet Quartier de Paris : Paris 7ème - EIFFEL TOWER Métro Invalide - RER C Rue Amélie 55M2 - 4th floor with a lift Apartment of 55 meters square for 5 guests   This apartment consists of a large living-room with a sofa bed for 2 guests and a camp bed. The kitchen is completely equipped with stove, micor-wave, fridge, dishes, cupboards, coffee machine and kettle. The apartment consists of 1 separated bedroom, In the bedroom, you’ll find a large bed with a bathroom and water closets.. The bathroom has a bathtub. Equipment: washing-machine, vacuum cleaner, iron and ironing board, Wifi, Flat TV Screen. Linen and towels are furnished Number of sleeping : 5                     King Bed                         160*200                     Single Bed X 1         
2583	Enjoy a stay in a small duplex apartment close to the Eiffel Tower! Only 3 minutes walking! The location of the apartment near the metro and RER in the center will help to maximize your discovery of the city. You have access to the Grand Palais, the Louvre, the Champs Elysées... less than 15 minutes by bus or metro! You will find a wide choice of restaurants and shops within walking distance. The apartment overlooks the courtyard so it is very quiet. Bathroom with bath and towel included. Broadband internet wifi, flat screen TV. Do not hesitate to contact me in advance and tell me what do you expect from your stay in Paris and I will seek tips that will meet your expectations.	Enjoy a stay in a small duplex apartment close to the Eiffel Tower! Only 3 minutes walking! Enjoy a stay in a small duplex apartment close to the Eiffel Tower! Only 3 minutes walking! The location of the apartment near the metro and RER in the center will help to maximize your discovery of the city. You have access to the Grand Palais, the Louvre, the Champs Elysées... less than 15 minutes by bus or metro! You will find a wide choice of restaurants and shops within walking distance. The apartment overlooks the courtyard so it is very quiet. Bathroom with bath and towel included. Broadband internet wifi, flat screen TV. Do not hesitate to contact me in advance and tell me what do you expect from your stay in Paris and I will seek tips that will meet your expectations.
2584	Enjoy the breathtaking view of the Eiffel tower and feel like a real Parisian in this loft style apartment! A perfect pied à terre, this beautiful 60 sq m apartment comfortably sleeps 2-3 guests.  The spacious open plan living area with high ceilings and natural lighting creates a perfect environment for relaxing and a practical living space.  To enhance the space and take advantage of the light, we have opted for a very open floor plan with few doors and walls.  Therefore it is perfect for guests travelling alone, as a couple or a small family with a young child. The rooms flow from one to other. The kitchen opens to the living room that leads to  the laundry area, the master bedroom and finally an en-suite room with an Italian bathroom (with a lovely rain shower) The master bedroom has a beautiful Eiffel tower view. There is are 2 Queen size beds (180cmx200cm and the second is a beautiful Murphey bed 150cmx200)  *For guests without children, the en-suite  with the Murphey bed can be 	This charming apartment is situated on the famous Rue de Grenelle Street in Paris 7th Arr, next to a lovely market on Rue Cler Within a few minutes’ walk from the Champs de Mars the apartment is situated between Les Invalides & the Eiffel tower. Enjoy the breathtaking view of the Eiffel tower and feel like a real Parisian in this loft style apartment! A perfect pied à terre, this beautiful 60 sq m apartment comfortably sleeps 2-3 guests.  The spacious open plan living area with high ceilings and natural lighting creates a perfect environment for relaxing and a practical living space.  To enhance the space and take advantage of the light, we have opted for a very open floor plan with few doors and walls.  Therefore it is perfect for guests travelling alone, as a couple or a small family with a young child. The rooms flow from one to other. The kitchen opens to the living room that leads to  the laundry area, the master bedroom and finally an en-suite room with an Italian bathroom (with 
2585	L'appartement est au 6e étage (ascenseur), sans vis-à-vis, avec une vue depuis la cuisine et la chambre sur le dôme des Invalides/tour Montparnasse. Il est au calme dans une très belle résidence arborée du 19e siècle, mais se situe au coeur d'un quartier commerçant très recherché. Déco à la fois rétro et moderne.	Très beau F2 haussmanien quartier rue cler (entre Tour Eiffel et Invalides).  Peut accueillir 2 personnes. Au calme mais au coeur de la rue commerçante proche, des berges de Seine (Rosa Bonheur, Faust), du Grand Palais et de la Tour Eiffel L'appartement est au 6e étage (ascenseur), sans vis-à-vis, avec une vue depuis la cuisine et la chambre sur le dôme des Invalides/tour Montparnasse. Il est au calme dans une très belle résidence arborée du 19e siècle, mais se situe au coeur d'un quartier commerçant très recherché. Déco à la fois rétro et moderne. Draps, serviettes fournis. Machine à café sur place. Internet avec WIFI, télévision avec cable/lecteur DVD. L'appartement se situe au coeur du quartier rue Saint-Dominique / rue Cler, réputé pour ses restaurants de renom (Thoumieux, Café Constant, Violon D'ingrès, Fontaine de Mars etc) et ses bars branchés (Bar du Central, Malabar, l'Eclair). Les accros du shopping ne seront pas en reste non plus (Ba&Sh, Les Petites, Comptoir des Cottoniers,
2586	Newly Renovated Studio- Luxurious, Comfortable, and so Centrally Located  We will personally meet you upon arrival* Detailed Paris manual that outlines practical and useful features of the apartment and the surrounding neighborhood * Free high speed wireless internet * Free telephone calls to landlines and cells in the United States and Canada. Free calls to landlines only in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and many other countries * Starter supplies of shower gel, dishwasher and laundry soaps, garbage bags and paper products * Prices include taxes, commissions and utility charges. We have JUST finished renovating this comfortable studio, furnishing it with many top-of-the-line amenities such as a brand new 32' Smart TV, unlimited and free international calls, cable TV, BOSCH built in fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave oven, washer/dryer, luxurious bedding with a plush queen size bed, bath towels warmer, and Nespresso machine. The studio is located on the ground floor of a stately buil	Brand new Studio - Luxurious, Comfortable, and so Centrally Located.  Everything you want for your dream vacation. The guests' reviews speak the best:  'A great week in Paris',  'Best choice ever!' , 'Perfect Location, Perfect Stay, Will Return!' We will personally meet you upon arrival* Detailed Paris manual that outlines practical and useful features of the apartment and the surrounding neighborhood * Free high speed wireless internet * Newly Renovated Studio- Luxurious, Comfortable, and so Centrally Located  We will personally meet you upon arrival* Detailed Paris manual that outlines practical and useful features of the apartment and the surrounding neighborhood * Free high speed wireless internet * Free telephone calls to landlines and cells in the United States and Canada. Free calls to landlines only in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and many other countries * Starter supplies of shower gel, dishwasher and laundry soaps, garbage bags and paper products * Prices include taxes, co
2587	There are one bedroom and one bathroom (with a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment. Bedroom information: the confortable bed in the bedroom is a king size bed.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris.	A typical parisian style apartment There are one bedroom and one bathroom (with a bathtub) in this gorgeous apartment. Bedroom information: the confortable bed in the bedroom is a king size bed.  All bedding and towels are top quality. The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher, an oven, a ceramic plate, you can find everything you need to cook your favorite dishes. This is an exquisite and rare property in one of the most desirable areas of the city and is the perfect back drop for a luxurious holiday/business trip in Paris. Absolutly everything is furnished with the Eiffel Peak Apartment, you don't even need to take your bathrobe. Just enjoy Paris and discover a unique way to live.  The apartment has 2 bedrooms with very confortable beds. With its 2 bathrooms, it offers a perfect combination for a family. The kitchen is fully furnished, you will definitly love the Living Parisian's concept. We highly recommend this apartment if you are looking for a unique experience. I will be more t
2588	23m2 studio - 7th and last floor (elevator) - calm and bright - equipped kitchen (oven/ electric hotplates) - bathroom with shower.	"In the historical neighborhood of the 7°, in the heart of Paris, enjoy your stay in this cosy studio only a few feet away from the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides. Discover the charms of the parisian life as you wander around this lively neighborhood. 23m2 studio - 7th and last floor (elevator) - calm and bright - equipped kitchen (oven/ electric hotplates) - bathroom with shower. Close to metros ""La Tour Maubourg"" on line 8 (5 min walk) and ""Invalides"" on line 13 (8 min walk), numerous bus lines serving all of Paris, and several ""Velib"" stations to cycle around the city."
2589	STANDING This building was the barracks of the musketeers of the King so it is filled with history and has its own spirit. Who knows if you are not going to sleep in D'Artagnans' bedroom and slide into his dreams of justice and glory? The building, with its wooden beams, is very authentic, and comes from the 17th century. The courtyard is also charming and was at that time a way for the musketeers’ horses. The Paris apartment is on the third floor without a lift, and is made safe with a code first and then an intercom. The apartment has been entirely renovated and refurnished with brand new and top quality equipment. History and comfort are waiting for you in this Paris short-term rental. LAYOUT This apartment to rent in Paris has a double living room with a dining space and a lounge. A mezzanine with a very comfortable single bed (130x200) is accessible with a ladder (kids will also be able to work on their piano lessons there!). The leather sofa, the massive wooden furniture and the 	On the border of the 6th and 7th districts, it has one foot in Saint Germain and the other one in Montparnasse. This is a very pleasant and upscale area, very residential and safe. Very close to Rodin museum, the Ecole Militaire, the Invalides and also the Eiffel Tower and downtown is not too far from this apartment in Paris either. In the very same street bakeries, a butcher and many other shops, especially the Bon Marché, are just waiting for your visit to offer you a glimpse of the French way of life. The closest subway stop to the vacation rental in Paris is Vaneau, but Sevres Babylone and Duroc, where you can catch different lines, are five minutes away by foot. 
2590	A nice & very well located flat in the centre of Paris within 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and Invalides.  It has an amazing view on the Paris roofs & the Eiffel Tower.Convenient & calm.Ideal for a couple!You will enjoy your stay!	"A nice & very well located flat in the centre of Paris (Invalides) within 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and Invalides.  It has an amazing view on the Paris roofs & the Eiffel Tower.Convenient & calm.Ideal for a couple!You will enjoy your stay! A nice & very well located flat in the centre of Paris within 10 minutes walk to the Eiffel Tower and Invalides.  It has an amazing view on the Paris roofs & the Eiffel Tower.Convenient & calm.Ideal for a couple!You will enjoy your stay! TV (160 channels) Wi fi Kitchen use : Disches, micro wave - Convenient location in Paris 7th District : Very touristic and easy access to all Paris attractions - Lovely place, calm and suitable for a couple who wants to soak up the city Will be away from 23/12 to 31/12 Virtual visit via Skype is possible La Seine is just behind the building The Eiffel Tower is only 10 minutes walk ! Invalides Place is only few steps from the place ! Nice restaurants Plenty of shopping places Ligne 8 or ligne 13 ""Invalides"" "
2591		Situé dans une rue à sens unique, calme et pittoresque, à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel, du Trocadéro et des Invalides, ce studio douillet et romantique vous charmera par ses prestations de qualités et par sa localisation idéale pour découvrir Paris.
2592	Très bien situé : proche UNESCO et de 10 à 15 minutes à pied de Montparnasse, St Germain des prés, Tour Eiffel, Invalides. 	Dans immeuble pierre de taille, studio de 21m2 en rez-de-chaussée sur cour, luxueusement aménagé, canapé-lit confortable avec vrai matelas, cuisine séparée entièrement équipée, toilette indépendante, salle de bains (website hidden), internet, WIFI Très bien situé : proche UNESCO et de 10 à 15 minutes à pied de Montparnasse, St Germain des prés, Tour Eiffel, Invalides. à proximité : deux lignes de métro (6 et 10), Bus 28 vers Champs-Elysées, grands magasins. Bus 39 vers musée d'Orsay et Louvre. Bus 70 vers musée Pompidou et Hôtel de ville. Nous habitons dans l'immeuble et accueillerons les voyageurs. Quartier typiquement parisien avec immeubles en pierre de taille. Beau marché les jeudis et samedis.  Accès au logement par métro : station Ségur et Sèvres-Lecourbe
2593	Logement refait a neuf et entierement équipé	DUPLEX en plein 7eme arrondissement quartier américain dans les arbres comme une maison à la campagne, Salon, cuisine entierement équipé, escalier en acajou, grande chambre, salle de bain, wc, plein Est. Calme absolu à deux pas de la rue Cler. Logement refait a neuf et entierement équipé Quartier extrêmement calme, a 5mn de la fameuse rue Cler piétonne Quartier américain  A mi-chemin entre les Invalides et la Tour Eiffel
2594		Amazing and newly renovated apartment on Rue Saint Dominique right in the heart of the bustling and quintessentially 7th arrondissement. located one minute from the Eiffel Tower with exquisite Eiffel Tower view. I could not love this apartment more!
2595		22 Sqm studio well equipped for 2 people. Very quiet , bright and midway between the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower . Kitchen and Bathroom separated from the living room . Close to the metro / bus and close to many shops. Lively and really nice area.
2596	Appartement très agréable, au pied de la Tour Eiffel Calme et Lumineux pour 2/4 personnes Ce charmant appartement, entièrement équipé conviendra pour des courts séjours dans la capitale. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, deux dans la chambre et deux sur le canapé lit double du salon. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour. Sa situation exceptionnelle à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel vous permettra de passer un séjour inoubliable !a     Dans le quartier le plus recherché proximité tour Eiffel, Musée du Quai Branly, les invalides...  L'appartement est situé à quelques pas du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, rue de Monttessuy à Paris, dans le 7eme arrondissement. De là on peut marcher jusqu'à la Seine (pont de l'Alma) et rejoindre les champs Elysées.	Appartement très agréable, au pied de la Tour Eiffel Calme et Lumineux pour 2/4 personnes Ce charmant appartement, entièrement équipé conviendra pour des courts séjours dans la capitale. Il peut accueillir jusqu'à 4 personnes, deux dans la chambre et deux sur le canapé lit double du salon. Il offre tout le confort nécessaire pour passer un agréable séjour. Sa situation exceptionnelle à deux pas de la Tour Eiffel vous permettra de passer un séjour inoubliable !a     Dans le quartier le plus recherché proximité tour Eiffel, Musée du Quai Branly, les invalides...  L'appartement est situé à quelques pas du Champ de Mars et de la Tour Eiffel, rue de Monttessuy à Paris, dans le 7eme arrondissement. De là on peut marcher jusqu'à la Seine (pont de l'Alma) et rejoindre les champs Elysées.
2597		Confortable studio apartment (26sqm), in the heart of 7th quarter, very close to Champs de Mars, Eiffel Tower and Invalides : 5 minutes walking. Situated on rue Cler, a lively pedestrian street with many restaurants and shops.
2598	Splendid apartment, with a double exposure, on the third floor of an old building. Great view over the Louvre museum across the Seine. This apartment offers the best of Paris! For couples, for families of 4 people, for work and for friends for short or long stays. 	 Apartment de Charme with double exposure with view over Louvre Museum across the Seine. 50 square meters This apartment offers the best of Paris! For couples, for families, for work and for friends for short and long stays.             Splendid apartment, with a double exposure, on the third floor of an old building. Great view over the Louvre museum across the Seine. This apartment offers the best of Paris! For couples, for families of 4 people, for work and for friends for short or long stays.  From the open kitchen area, as well as from the living room, you can see rue de Lille and the inner cosy courtyard from the windows.   The stairs takes you to the apartment floor and as you enter, you are welcomed with a small entrance hall, with the open kitchen, the dining area to the left, and a small bathroom (with shower, with sink and w.c), and the living room in front. There is a closet just when you enter the apartement equipped with a washer. The door next to the living room leads to
2599	This 50 square meters flat is composed as follows: entrance deserving a living room with door windows and a comfortable sofa, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. A spacious bedroom with a king size bed and storage, a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet completes this lovely apartment decorated by an architect. The big plus is a large balcony. Available for 2 people.  At your disposal : tv & Wifi  The closest metro stations are : Sèvres-Babylone / Vaneau	"Beautiful apartment tastefully decorated with balcony at the heart of Paris, just near Saint Germain des Prés and the famous store ""Le Bon Marché"". Its brightness, very high ceiling, and parquet flooring make it a unique spot for a confortable stay in Paris. This 50 square meters flat is composed as follows: entrance deserving a living room with door windows and a comfortable sofa, a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. A spacious bedroom with a king size bed and storage, a bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet completes this lovely apartment decorated by an architect. The big plus is a large balcony. Available for 2 people.  At your disposal : tv & Wifi  The closest metro stations are : Sèvres-Babylone / Vaneau The apartment is fully equipped : Internet High speed Wifi, flat screen Led TV You will benefit from a perfect location, close to everything you could need : shops, restaurants, buses, subway.  Have a walk at Les Invalides, find the best ingredients for a perfect Fr"
2600	Welcome home !  Enjoy your stay in a beautiful and authentic parisian loft in the heart of Saint-Germain-Des-Près. Near the prestigious University of Science Po, with hundreds of shops, Le Bon Marché, a few steps from Christian Louboutin or Celine...  This is the place to be to enjoy a real Parisian trip !	Welcome home ! Enjoy your stay in a beautiful and authentic parisian loft in the heart of Saint-Germain-Des-Près. Near the prestigious University of Science Po, with hundreds of shops, Le Bon Marché, a few steps from Christian Louboutin... Ready ? Welcome home !  Enjoy your stay in a beautiful and authentic parisian loft in the heart of Saint-Germain-Des-Près. Near the prestigious University of Science Po, with hundreds of shops, Le Bon Marché, a few steps from Christian Louboutin or Celine...  This is the place to be to enjoy a real Parisian trip ! The full loft is yours ! We are living in the building, if you need anything don't hesitate to knock the door !  For long stays, we can arrange you an housemade to make your personnal laundry and cleaning the place anytime you want for extra expenses. Whiling away the day at sidewalk cafes isn’t considered unproductive in Saint-Germain-des-Prés - it’s considered the perfect afternoon. A former bohemian retreat, this central Paris neighborho
2601	Nice studio is located at the basement floor on a small private courtyard, it is very calm. The studio is all equipped with flat screen TV, a diner corner with table and chairs, a very comfortable sofa bed, all equipped kitchen, oven, stove, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine, boiler, a laundry corner with a washing machine/dryer, a nice bathroom with italian shower.	This nice renovated and well equipped studio is really quite in a small courtyard It is perfectly located in the heart of the historical center of Paris, near Saint Germain des Prés and Pont Neuf,within walking distance to Saint Michel and Notre Dame Nice studio is located at the basement floor on a small private courtyard, it is very calm. The studio is all equipped with flat screen TV, a diner corner with table and chairs, a very comfortable sofa bed, all equipped kitchen, oven, stove, microwave, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine, boiler, a laundry corner with a washing machine/dryer, a nice bathroom with italian shower. The whole place is available for you Since I am not be there when you arrive, you will be welcome and help by the OhMyGuest team, they will be available for you for recommendations of the best spots in Paris and they will give you precious tips to discover the area and the rest of the city You are in one of the best spot to discover the historical area of Paris, fe
2602		Studio calme, pratique et équipé pour 2 personnes dans immeuble 1900, situé dans une belle rue commerçante du 7e pour séjour gourmand et culturel ! ou sportif: jogging dans le champ de mars à 50m et ballades en quai de seine. The best in town !
2603	The flat overlooks ancient church and jardin, view is unobstructed.  Secure building, in safe area with elevator.   Washing machine/dryer in kitchen.	Great location Left Bank, center of Paris vicinity of Rue Cler - minutes from Eiffel Tower, Invalides, Musée d'Orsay, Champs Elysées and the Seine.  Two minutes from metro line 8, taxi stand, and several Velib Stations (public bike sharing system). The flat overlooks ancient church and jardin, view is unobstructed.  Secure building, in safe area with elevator.   Washing machine/dryer in kitchen. You'll have access to entire apartment. I am reachable by phone and can provide assistance if desired. Safe, lovely area, withing walking distance to great restos.  Rue Cler is two minutes by walking, old Parisian pedestrian street with shopping, markets, cafes, bars and nightlife. Metro line 8, taxi station, bus (phone number hidden) and several velib stations (Paris public bike sharing system) Fans are available, but no air-conditioning
2604	 Superb Premium flat very well located totally furnished with a mix of modern and old furnitures, one bedroom with a bed of 1.60x2.00m and and a brand new sofa in the living room (35 m²),US kitchen, where you can sleep up to 4 people	Beautiful 1 bedroom totally refurbished, exceptional,of 60 m² in the heart of saint Germain des Près bac/grenelle Musée Maillol/Bon Marché,100m from the tube, 2nd floor,in a 18th century building,facing south,view,with Us kitchen up to 4 guests   Superb Premium flat very well located totally furnished with a mix of modern and old furnitures, one bedroom with a bed of 1.60x2.00m and and a brand new sofa in the living room (35 m²),US kitchen, where you can sleep up to 4 people All machines are from Smeg, washing machine, dish washer,micro wave,fridge, Krupp for coffee Nespresso,vaccum cleaner,iron,cable TV,wifi,bathroom with shower and bath,Hair dryer,separated toilets,many big windows for lots of light Very smart aera with museums, good spot for shopping ( Bon Marché), restaurants and cafés around typically French, cinemas,walking distance to the river Seine 400 m , you can also rent a bike down the road to visit the aera, everything you need is there! You can come to the flat either by
2605	"Le logement que nous mettons à votre disposition est confortable, chaleureux et décoré avec goût. Situé en plein coeur de la partie vivante du 7ème arrondissement, la Tour Eiffel se trouve à seulement 10 minutes à pieds et la rue Saint-Dominique à moins de 100 mètres. Le logement est doté d'une chambre avec un lit double. Un canapé lit confortable se trouve dans le séjour. La cuisine est toute équipée. Vous ne manquerez de rien pour préparer vos repas, même les plus audacieux ! Le wifi est en libre accès. We provide you a nice charming and comfortable flat. Ideally located in the best part of the 7th district, it is only a 10-minute walk to reach the Eiffel Tower. The lively ""Rue Saint-Dominique"" is very close to the flat (less than 100meters). The flat has a a bedroom with a double-bed. There is also a comfortable fold-down bed in the lounge. In the kitchen, you will have everything needed to cook great meals. Wifi at your disposal."	"Charmant 2 pièces dans la partie vivante du 7è arr. Tour Eiffel : 10min à pieds. Logement pour 4 pers. Charming flat with 1 bedroom, in the lively 7th district. Located in a peaceful street. Eiffel Tower : 10 min walk. Suitable for 4 persons. Le logement que nous mettons à votre disposition est confortable, chaleureux et décoré avec goût. Situé en plein coeur de la partie vivante du 7ème arrondissement, la Tour Eiffel se trouve à seulement 10 minutes à pieds et la rue Saint-Dominique à moins de 100 mètres. Le logement est doté d'une chambre avec un lit double. Un canapé lit confortable se trouve dans le séjour. La cuisine est toute équipée. Vous ne manquerez de rien pour préparer vos repas, même les plus audacieux ! Le wifi est en libre accès. We provide you a nice charming and comfortable flat. Ideally located in the best part of the 7th district, it is only a 10-minute walk to reach the Eiffel Tower. The lively ""Rue Saint-Dominique"" is very close to the flat (less than 100meters). Th"
2606	Petit coin de campagne en plein cœur de Paris	Central and quiet apartment with a nice view of the garden of Matignon, near from the Effeil Tower. Can accommodate two people, murphy bed. Enjoy the fully equipped kitchen, its proximity with public transports and singing birds in the city center.
2607	Idéalement placé entre Saint Germain et la Tour Eiffel. A deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg, du musée Rodin, des Invalides et du bon marché...On y croise l'acteur Gérard Depardieu qui vit rue du Cherche Midi. Idéal pour découvrir Paris.	Charmant 2 pièces de 45 m2, très calme, au coeur de Paris, entre St Germain des Prés et la Tour Eiffel et à 5 mn à pied du Bon Marché. 1 chambre avec un très grand lit double. Salle de douche. Wc. 2 TV. Wifi. 2 eme étage. Pas d'ascenseur. Idéalement placé entre Saint Germain et la Tour Eiffel. A deux pas du jardin du Luxembourg, du musée Rodin, des Invalides et du bon marché...On y croise l'acteur Gérard Depardieu qui vit rue du Cherche Midi. Idéal pour découvrir Paris. Quartier très commerçant (boulangeries, boucheries, cafés, fruits et légumes, fleuristes...), avec des restaurants typiquement parisiens (Le Petit Lutetia, l'Oudinot...) Station de métro Vaneau ou Duroc : ligne 10. Bus (phone number hidden).
2608	Très calme et ensoleillé (orienté ouest), vous dormirez fenêtre ouverte à écouter les oiseaux ! Very quiet and sunny, you can sleep with opened windows hearing birdsong in the heart of Paris	80 m2, private car park, 3rd floor : Living room ( 1 sofa bed 2p),  2 bedrooms  (1 double bed, 1 king single) and 2 terraces overlooking a beautiful flower garden & Eiffel tower, surrounded by Invalides, Grand Palais & walk along Seine river Très calme et ensoleillé (orienté ouest), vous dormirez fenêtre ouverte à écouter les oiseaux ! Very quiet and sunny, you can sleep with opened windows hearing birdsong in the heart of Paris Accès à l'ensemble de l'appartement Access to the whole flat A votre disposition pour votre séjour à Paris At your disposal to help you for visiting Paris if necessary Very central and unique : Eiffel tower, Champs de Mars, Seine River, Invalides, Alexandre III bridge, avenue Montaigne, shopping Saint Dominique street, and Champs Elysées 15 mn by walk Subway 8 (Tour Maubourg) 9 (Alma), RER C Pont de Alma (to Notre Dame or Versailles Castle) and Seine riverside (for nice picnics and walk) nearby Parking à disposition très utile en plein coeur de Paris Private ca
2609		Studio de 20 m2 comprenant une kitchenette, un lit double, un coin salon et une salle de douche avec wc Cuisine Télévision Internet Situé au cœur de Paris le 7eme arrondissement est riche en monuments (Tour Eiffel, invalides, musée d'Orsay) C'est un quartier sécurisé qui offre aux voyageurs toutes les commodité et loisirs, de nombreux bars et restaurant, les quais de seine à proximité, ainsi que les champs élysée à 5 minutes Metro ligne 8 et 13 arrêt invalides ou tour maubour (l8) Bus 63 ou 92 Rer C
2610		A bright and quiet studio, newly renovated, located in one of the best areas, few minutes walk from rue Cler, 5th floor no lift, but with Eiffel Tower view.
2611	The apartment benefits from a fantastic view over the Eiffel Tower and will return you at the same time romantic and practical stay because near numerous places of interest. DESCRIPTION 2-room apartment for 2 persons on the 6th floor with elevator in a typical parisian building on the 7th district of Paris. Compound of an entrance, a living room with a small sofa, a bed room with a bed for 2 people, a small bathroom (shower), toilets separated, a small separated cooking place. old-style parquet on the ground Both rooms faces the Eiffel Tower and the roofs. The apartment does not give onto the street. Equipments: - Double glazing in 2 rooms - Vacuum cleaner - Electric kettle - Coffee maker - microwave (Oven) - 2 electric heating plates - Washing machine - TV flat screen - free wifi internet connection - 1 bed for 2 people DISTRICT The apartment is located in one of the most beautiful districts of Paris, in 7th district, at the heart of the triangle Eiffel Tower, Hotel des Invalides, ave	The apartment benefits from a fantastic view over the Eiffel Tower and will return you at the same time romantic and practical stay because near numerous places of interest. DESCRIPTION 2-room apartment for 2 persons on the 6th floor with elevator in a typical parisian building on the 7th district of Paris. Compound of an entrance, a living room with a small sofa, a bed room with a bed for 2 people, a small bathroom (shower), toilets separated, a small separated cooking place. old-style parquet on the ground Both rooms faces the Eiffel Tower and the roofs. The apartment does not give onto the street. Equipments: - Double glazing in 2 rooms - Vacuum cleaner - Electric kettle - Coffee maker - microwave (Oven) - 2 electric heating plates - Washing machine - TV flat screen - free wifi internet connection - 1 bed for 2 people DISTRICT The apartment is located in one of the most beautiful districts of Paris, in 7th district, at the heart of the triangle Eiffel Tower, Hotel des Invalides, ave
2612	1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante  sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 6 couchages possible. 1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante  sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 6 couchages possible. 1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 1 queen bed 160 , 1 queen bed 140 + sofa bed , ideal 4 personnes,  possible jusque 6 couchages . This exceptional roof top loft will charm you the minute you walk in.   With the luxurious and refined furnishings, sanded oak wood floor and blinds, wonderful natural light fr	1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante  sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 6 couchages possible. 1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante  sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 6 couchages possible. 1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante  sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 6 couchages possible. 1 loft unique,  au  6ème et dernier étage  avec terrasse.  Une  vue 360° époustouflante sur les plus beaux monuments de Paris. Volume et architecture exceptionnels. Mobilier design, Décoration luxueuse et raffinée. 2 chambres, 1 queen bed 160 , 1 que
2613	We are a family of antique dealers and interior designer. Our apartment has 4* equipments with the charm of antique furniture and beautiful objects. The dining room can accomodate up to 8 guests. Very quiet on a beautiful courtyard with trees and flowers, absolutely zero noise.	Cosy and very quiet one bedroom apartment (sleeps 2 or 3, 55m2). Discover the left bank, the Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Tuileries. Apt fully equiped, kitchen and dining room. Ground floor in a private courtyard with trees and flowers all year long.  We are a family of antique dealers and interior designer. Our apartment has 4* equipments with the charm of antique furniture and beautiful objects. The dining room can accomodate up to 8 guests. Very quiet on a beautiful courtyard with trees and flowers, absolutely zero noise. Full usage of the apartment, TV, telephone, Wifi, iron and iron board... kitchen (fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, dishwasher, boiler, toaster...)  and bathroom with italian style shower fully equiped. Linen provided. Nespresso coffee machine. If you are traveling with a baby, we can provide a baby cot upon demand. The apartment is next to our antique shops so we are here to help you for anykind of information, help you might need. In the apartment you will find our 
2614	Charming 3 rooms of 75 m2, including a living room overlooking courtyard with sofa, large dining table, fireplace. The master bedroom is particularly large and offers a double bed, large closets, a sofa and two windows overlooking the garden. The second bedroom, overlooking the courtyard, has a trundle bed that has a capacity of 2 beds for 1 person per bed, wardrobe, desk and a private toilet. The bathroom is comfortable, with a big shower, a toilet, a washing machine, a hairdryer, an integrated sink, lots of storage. The separate kitchen is well equipped, including gas burners.  Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, in a quiet condominium within a lively area, close to the famous department store Le Bon Marché, the Invalides, the Luxembourg Gardens and Montparnasse.	Lovely 75 Sqm 2 bedrooms flat with typical parisian charm combined with modern confort. Overlooking courtyard & garden it offers calm in a lively area, close to Famous Bon Marché exclusive mall, in between Invalides & Luxembourg                   Charming 3 rooms of 75 m2, including a living room overlooking courtyard with sofa, large dining table, fireplace. The master bedroom is particularly large and offers a double bed, large closets, a sofa and two windows overlooking the garden. The second bedroom, overlooking the courtyard, has a trundle bed that has a capacity of 2 beds for 1 person per bed, wardrobe, desk and a private toilet. The bathroom is comfortable, with a big shower, a toilet, a washing machine, a hairdryer, an integrated sink, lots of storage. The separate kitchen is well equipped, including gas burners.  Located on the 3rd floor with elevator, in a quiet condominium within a lively area, close to the famous department store Le Bon Marché, the Invalides, the Luxembourg
2615		A cosy apartment situated in the heart of Paris, nearby rue clerc. Large and sunny living room, american style kitchen, fully equipped, 2 bedrooms (double bedroom and children room facing charming private garden), 2 bathrooms. long stay preferred
2616	Great neighborhood, great neighbors, spacious and roomy, well lit apartment, in a very well kept building, parisian charm all the way - attention to details, authentic 19th century building charm with a modern edge to it.  Everything. Nothing in the apartment is off limits.  A guest will be welcomed and showed around to. Should the need be, they will have a person to contact 24/7, via phone or via e-mail.  Lots of bars, cafés and restaurants in a great proximity, a spacious park less then 5 minutes away (champs de Mars, where the Eiffel tower is located), less than 10 minutes away from the river bank, a lot of stores and supermarkets very nearby, a post office very nearby.   There is a very well connected metro (station Ecole militaire, line 8) as well as several bus stations. 	A lovely studio apartment very near the Eiffel tower. Also near (just around the corner) is the pedestrian street rue Cler with all the shops cafés bakeries and restaurants you'll need. Great neighborhood, great neighbors, spacious and roomy, well lit apartment, in a very well kept building, parisian charm all the way - attention to details, authentic 19th century building charm with a modern edge to it.  Everything. Nothing in the apartment is off limits.  A guest will be welcomed and showed around to. Should the need be, they will have a person to contact 24/7, via phone or via e-mail.  Lots of bars, cafés and restaurants in a great proximity, a spacious park less then 5 minutes away (champs de Mars, where the Eiffel tower is located), less than 10 minutes away from the river bank, a lot of stores and supermarkets very nearby, a post office very nearby.   There is a very well connected metro (station Ecole militaire, line 8) as well as several bus stations.  Hair dryer, blender, frid
2617	Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and la tourmaubourg. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and different grocery with whom you can take a breakfast yourself. so please be careful it is not a classic breakfast offer like in a hotel. bus 69 to go to invalide, Musée d'orsay, saint germain, louvre, c	** GET DISCOUNT!  - 10% from 14 nights stay or 1 way trip car service offered from the Airports and train stations. We offer for each booking a Welcome gift  and ticketing and car booking service. Dear Guest, Welcome to our PRESTIGIOUS flat. We enjoy to work with Airbnb since 2008.  Please check our more than 500 review in profile. We have most 100 flats in the world most likely in Paris, Europe and US. This charming rental flat in 7th in Paris is for everybodies who prefer to rent the flats than hotels. Nearby Rue de clers and la tourmaubourg. there is many boutiques, markets and shops. The location is just perfect. We have a lot of very famous and good restaurants 5m walking distance. the flat is very calm with double glasses windows. the price include all service and machines inside : Linens, sheets, towels, Washer and dryer machine, a dishes washer machine, a toaster, boiler, Coffee maker, Iron, Bidet etc...... Our breakfast offer is a welcome gift basket with candy, jams and diffe
2618	This charming 82m2 apartment has two separated bedrooms with queen beds. 4 people can sleep there. Similarly, each room has its own bathroom (shower and bathtub). Sheets and towels are provided. A large living room with fully equiped kitchen (dish washer, oven, refrigerator) and lounge area is very pleasant to relax and enjoy a drink.  You can have dinner in 6 or in 8 around the table in the living room.  The location is very convenient with a close commuting transportation : Métro Lines 13 or 8: Invalides (2 min walk) Métro Line 9 : Alma Marceau (7 min walk) RER C : Invalides (2 min walk) You can contact me by email or phone. We won't be there during the stay. Places to visit in the area (walking distance) : Invalides, Eiffel Tower, Rue Cler, Quai de Seine, Champs-Élysées, École Militaire, Musée d'Orsay	Fully equipped two bedrooms appartment located in the very central Invalides area close to the Eiffel Tower This charming 82m2 apartment has two separated bedrooms with queen beds. 4 people can sleep there. Similarly, each room has its own bathroom (shower and bathtub). Sheets and towels are provided. A large living room with fully equiped kitchen (dish washer, oven, refrigerator) and lounge area is very pleasant to relax and enjoy a drink.  You can have dinner in 6 or in 8 around the table in the living room.  The location is very convenient with a close commuting transportation : Métro Lines 13 or 8: Invalides (2 min walk) Métro Line 9 : Alma Marceau (7 min walk) RER C : Invalides (2 min walk) You can contact me by email or phone. We won't be there during the stay. Places to visit in the area (walking distance) : Invalides, Eiffel Tower, Rue Cler, Quai de Seine, Champs-Élysées, École Militaire, Musée d'Orsay Living room : Wireless High-Speed Internet Flat screen TV with 100+ Channels
2619	This apartment is constituted of a living room, with a dinig table for 2 people, double sofa bed, 2 coffee tables. The kitchen is open on the living room, and it’s equipped of Fridge, hob, oven, micro wave, kettle, toaster and all ustensils to cook. The private bedroom, has double glazed windows facing street, it’s equipped of the standard double bed, the bathroom is contiguous to the bedroom, it’s equipped of shower, washbasin, toilet, dryer, washing machine.	Charming apartment of 25 m², it’s one bedroom located on rue de Grenelle in the 7th. It’s an amazing district at few step of Invalides and the famous Tour Eiffel. This apartment is constituted of a living room, with a dinig table for 2 people, double sofa bed, 2 coffee tables. The kitchen is open on the living room, and it’s equipped of Fridge, hob, oven, micro wave, kettle, toaster and all ustensils to cook. The private bedroom, has double glazed windows facing street, it’s equipped of the standard double bed, the bathroom is contiguous to the bedroom, it’s equipped of shower, washbasin, toilet, dryer, washing machine. The whole apartment over e-mail and phone Very well located in the center, near the one of Paris’s most historically rich district, is also at a few meters of Invalides. You can enjoy of shops, markets rue Saint Dominique, and rue Cler. Moreover, the Champs de mars is not far of the apartment. It’s perfectly quiet area but with everything that you need. Nearest metros a
2620	Chambre très lumineuse possédant deux fenêtres avec vue sur l'Avenue Sully Prud'Homme et la rue de l'Université. On aperçoit la tour Eiffel toute proche. Equipée d'un coin salle de bain avec baignoire-douche et lavabo, d'un coin cuisine avec mini four et plaques chauffantes, d'un coin bureau et d'un coin chambre avec armoire de rangement et lit une place.	Studio rénové à 10 mn à pied de la tour Eiffel et des Champs Elysées. 7ème étage avec ascenseur. Toilettes partagées à l'étage. Lit une place. Espace douche et cuisine. Vélib à 50 mètres. Bus 63,28,93. Métro 8,12. RER C. Please dont ask for discount. Chambre très lumineuse possédant deux fenêtres avec vue sur l'Avenue Sully Prud'Homme et la rue de l'Université. On aperçoit la tour Eiffel toute proche. Equipée d'un coin salle de bain avec baignoire-douche et lavabo, d'un coin cuisine avec mini four et plaques chauffantes, d'un coin bureau et d'un coin chambre avec armoire de rangement et lit une place. Disponible pour échanger avec vous. Au coeur de Paris, à 100mètres de la Seine, proche de la tour Eiffel, des Champs Elysées, du Grand Palais et des Invalides. Bus, métro, vélib et liaison Orly à 5 minutes. Frais de ménage 22 euros. Caution 200 euros. Tarif hebdomadaire 350 euros. Tarif mensuel 1100 euros. Conditions d'annulation strictes.
2621	The flat is cosy with a small bathtub, closet, convenient kitchen, TV, internet, turn table, washing machine.  Everything you need to easily enjoy your time in Paris.	If you would like to spend some nice time in Paris, this flat might be a great allie.  In the centre of Paris, nearby the Champ de Mars & the Eiffel Tower. Down to the building you also have all you need (supermarket, metro, nice restaurants...). 
2622	Situé au cœur de Paris entre les Invalides et le Faubourg St Germain, installez vous dans un appartement  calme, typiquement parisien , à 2 pas du musée Rodin et de l'hôtel Matignon. Le quartier est l' un des plus élégants  et appréciés de la capitale, 	Located in the heart of Paris, in a luxury and save building, set to 2 or 4 people in a typical Parisian apartement with refined decoration, large living room, quiet bedroom with  yard view, marble bathroom , kitchen all wood,  ideal for a stay. The appartment will be at your entire disposal. It includes an entrance, a large living-room with a balcony overlooking the street, wooden floor, fireplace, antique furniture and trunkets. You will find here  a sofa bed. The kitchen made all wood gives a warm atsmosphere and is very functional. Then take the corridor toward the bedroom with a view over a garden, where you can have a peaceful night. In the marble bathroom, you can unwind in the bathtub after your long journey. We have always lived in the aera which we know very well. We offer you to help you discovering it by sharing with you our best adresses so that you can live as a parisian born and bred.
2623	The apartment is aprox. 430 sqf and gives onto a really quite courtyard, it is 4th floor walk up. The appartment comprises a living room; completely separated from the living room eat-in kitchen; bathroom. 	Cute and confortable studio apartment for two, a true home away from home.  The apartment is aprox. 430 sqf and gives onto a really quite courtyard, it is 4th floor walk up. The appartment comprises a living room; completely separated from the living room eat-in kitchen; bathroom. The main room: A comfortable closet; Scandinavian design furniture; Decorative fire place; Queen size bed with 100% natural pillows and duvet cover. Sheets are provided; Flat TV with several International channels including, BBC, Sky News, CNN, CNBC and other. WiFi provided and the connection works everywhere in the apartment. Kitchen: All the necessary utensils for cooking and dressing a beautiful table. Coffee maker Kettle Toaster Fridge and freezer Washing machine Bath room: Shower WC Hair dryer Towels (at least 2 per person) Soap Shampoo At your arrival I will help you to check in, explain all about the apartment and the area.  Since the building is a 4th floor walk up I will help you with your luggage.  
2624	Hello !! This charming and independant flat will be perfect for an authentic parisian experience...  With the big square of Champ de Mars and EIFFEL TOWER, my flat is particularly appreciated by guests. The EIFFEL TOWER is 2 minutes by walk ! Main interests in the area :  •  Ecole Militaire  •  Invalides  •  Rue Clerc, Restaurants, bars, Shopping street  •  Eiffel Tower  •  Champs de Mars Every these sites are between 1 and 10 minutes walking !! The flat can accommodate 5 to 6 people maximum. It is a small appartment with 1 large double bed, 1 double bunk bed, 1 double sofa bed, 1 extra matress possible, a separated kitchen, a separated bathroom.  All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, INTERNET (wifi), electric heating etc.) All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. The flat is on the FIRST FLOOR and very easy to access for everybody. The neighbourhood is lively, where the Rue CLERC hosts lots of shops and restaurants...  Transport Metro : TOUR MAUBOURG (	Hello !! This charming and independant flat will be perfect for an authentic parisian experience...  With the big square of Champ de Mars and EIFFEL TOWER, my flat is particularly appreciated by guests. The EIFFEL TOWER is 2 minutes by walk ! Main interests in the area :  •  Ecole Militaire  •  Invalides  •  Rue Clerc, Restaurants, bars, Shopping street  •  Eiffel Tower  •  Champs de Mars Every these sites are between 1 and 10 minutes walking !! The flat can accommodate 5 to 6 people maximum. It is a small appartment with 1 large double bed, 1 double bunk bed, 1 double sofa bed, 1 extra matress possible, a separated kitchen, a separated bathroom.  All utilities are included (cold & hot water, electricity, INTERNET (wifi), electric heating etc.) All furnished, sheets, towels and flatware supplied. The flat is on the FIRST FLOOR and very easy to access for everybody. The neighbourhood is lively, where the Rue CLERC hosts lots of shops and restaurants...  Transport Metro : TOUR MAUBOURG (
2625	Very nice charming and contemporary style 1 bedroom apt in a typical Paris building in Paris 7th arrondissement, 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower at the heart of the city!! This is a 1 bedroom with 1 shower. There is a large living room, fully equipped kitchen. 1 double bed in a separate bedroom. Ideal for a couple but 4 people max for rental (with 2 persons on a sofa bed in the living room/there are blinds everywhere in the apt).  Wireless internet available everywhere & flat screen TV, washing machine, dishwasher, hairdryer, nespresso machine.  1 minute walk from all facilities, restaurant, bakery, supermarket etc. Total squarefootage: 50 m2  No pets, no smoking.  	Very nice charming and contemporary style 1 bedroom apt in a typical Paris building in Paris 7th arrondissement, 10 minutes walk from the Eiffel Tower at the heart of the city!! This is a 1 bedroom with 1 shower. There is a large living room, fully equipped kitchen. 1 double bed in a separate bedroom. Ideal for a couple but 4 people max for rental (with 2 persons on a sofa bed in the living room/there are blinds everywhere in the apt).  Wireless internet available everywhere & flat screen TV, washing machine, dishwasher, hairdryer, nespresso machine.  1 minute walk from all facilities, restaurant, bakery, supermarket etc. Total squarefootage: 50 m2  No pets, no smoking.  
2626	Our apartment is a duplex of 100 m2, ideal for discovering Paris a few days (or more) with family and friends. Very bright, the apartment consists of a large living room with a functional kitchen that allows you to share friendly moments. At the same level (5th floor), it has a large bedroom with its own bathroom and toilet. Ideal for the privacy of parents. On the top floor (6th and last floor), you will find: - Two bedrooms - A second bathroom - Toilet. The apartment has all the amenities for you to spend an enjoyable week: -The kitchen is small but functional, it has a fridge, a freezer, an oven, a washing machine and a dishwasher. -two rooms have double beds, one bedroom upstairs also has a simple bed, a cot and changing table. -The two bathrooms each have a bath. -The living room has a large TV and a telephone and internet access speed .. -The building has an elevator. The real plus of this apartment is its location in the center of Parisian cultural life. In few steps you will fi	Our apartment is a duplex of 100 m2, ideal for discovering Paris a few days (or more) with family and friends. Very bright, the apartment consists of a large living room with a functional kitchen that allows you to share friendly moments. At the same level (5th floor), it has a large bedroom with its own bathroom and toilet. Ideal for the privacy of parents. On the top floor (6th and last floor), you will find: - Two bedrooms - A second bathroom - Toilet. The apartment has all the amenities for you to spend an enjoyable week: -The kitchen is small but functional, it has a fridge, a freezer, an oven, a washing machine and a dishwasher. -two rooms have double beds, one bedroom upstairs also has a simple bed, a cot and changing table. -The two bathrooms each have a bath. -The living room has a large TV and a telephone and internet access speed .. -The building has an elevator. The real plus of this apartment is its location in the center of Parisian cultural life. In few steps you will fi
2627	Appartement parisien chic et bien agencé de 39m2. Il correspondra très bien pour une famille avec des enfants du fait de la chambre séparée et du canapé lit.  Totalement équipé, vous disposerez d'un lave vaisselle, ainsi que d'un lave linge, d'une douche, d'une télévision...  Lovely parisian appartment very well laid out (39m2). It'll be great for a family with a bed room separete and a sofa bed. Fully furnished you have a washing machine, dishwasher, shower, TV...	Appartement chic (entier de 39m2) idéalement placé au coeur de Paris.  Vous pourrez profiter de votre séjour dans les meilleures conditions.  Chic appartment ideally localised in Paris heart.  You could enjoy your stay  in the best conditions.  Appartement parisien chic et bien agencé de 39m2. Il correspondra très bien pour une famille avec des enfants du fait de la chambre séparée et du canapé lit.  Totalement équipé, vous disposerez d'un lave vaisselle, ainsi que d'un lave linge, d'une douche, d'une télévision...  Lovely parisian appartment very well laid out (39m2). It'll be great for a family with a bed room separete and a sofa bed. Fully furnished you have a washing machine, dishwasher, shower, TV... Quartier extrêmement bien desservi, vous êtes à 5 min à pied de la Tour Eiffel et du Champs de Mars, à 15 min à pied des Champs Elysée.  Quartier très commerçant, vous êtes à une dizaine de mètres de la fameuse Rue Cler et de tous ses petits cafés. It's a district very accessible to t
2628		Loue Chambre, 2 personnes, situation exceptionnelle en plein cœur du Paris touristique, à deux pas du musée d’Orsay et du musée du Louvre. Plein sud, vue sur jardin, aucun bruit. Métro Bus RER a proximité, liaisons gare et aéroport faciles.
2629	its very calm and close to the famous st germain des pres	 charming and quiet flat like a little house   2mn from the famous café de flore and les deux magots   2 bedrooms   2 beds for 2 people  one is smaller on a mezzanine but can be close 2 bathrooms one with shower one with bath  its very calm and close to the famous st germain des pres fashion , antics   ,   cafés and restaurants 
2630		Lovely little apartment in the district of the Eiffel Tower,
2631	This 1 bedroom of 30 Sqm is located under the roof on 6th floor by the stairs, like a cosy quiet nest. Bright colors and materials, layout, views, all is very relaxing. It is organised around a bright living room with an open us kitchen and a dining corner. The living room is equipped with a sofabed that can sleeps 2, cupboards and flat TV screen, with Intrenet TV and Wifi. The bedroom offers a double bed, a wardrobe and an ensuite bathroom with shower cabin and wc. There is also a convenient small room for laundry and storage. Hardwood floor and clear colors gives it a lot of charm. Very quiet.	The perfect location close to Eiffel Tower and Invalides, on lively Saint Dominique Street. Quiet relaxing 1 bedroom on last floor by stairs offering living room with US kitchen, dining corner, sofabed for 2 and a bedroom with double bed and bathroom This 1 bedroom of 30 Sqm is located under the roof on 6th floor by the stairs, like a cosy quiet nest. Bright colors and materials, layout, views, all is very relaxing. It is organised around a bright living room with an open us kitchen and a dining corner. The living room is equipped with a sofabed that can sleeps 2, cupboards and flat TV screen, with Intrenet TV and Wifi. The bedroom offers a double bed, a wardrobe and an ensuite bathroom with shower cabin and wc. There is also a convenient small room for laundry and storage. Hardwood floor and clear colors gives it a lot of charm. Very quiet. The apartment is a private one in a residential building. It's perfectly organized and equipped to enable you to feel at home instantly. Free Inte
2632	Nice apartment of 42m2 located on the 4th floor, lift, double exposure, quiet, in the smartest districts of Paris with the guest star The Eiffel Tower (100 m). The apartment is located between the Pont de l'Alma and the Champs de Mars, where you can catch many buses. Easy access and close to : Champs Elysees (direct buses 80 and 42), the Latin Quarter, Le Bon Marché, La Pagode (cinema) and Saint Germain (direct bus 87), Louvre Museum (bus 69). Near the Invalides, Ecole Militaire, the Grand Palais, Rodin , Quai Branly, Orsay Museum, Alexander III Bridge. Transport : RER A, Metro Alma Marceau and Ecole Militaire are about 8 mins walk. Many good restaurants near by : Saint-Dominique and Monttessuy Streets, Rue Cler. I will indicate you the good addresses. I love concerts, shopping, bars... I will be happy to give you the places to go. This apartment offers every comfort : - kitchen equipped : cooking, mini oven, fridge,dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine - Very conmfortable sof	Nice apartment of 42m2 located on the 4th floor, lift, double exposure, quiet, in the smartest districts of Paris with the guest star The Eiffel Tower (100 m). The apartment is located between the Pont de l'Alma and the Champs de Mars, where you can catch many buses. Easy access and close to : Champs Elysees (direct buses 80 and 42), the Latin Quarter, Le Bon Marché, La Pagode (cinema) and Saint Germain (direct bus 87), Louvre Museum (bus 69). Near the Invalides, Ecole Militaire, the Grand Palais, Rodin , Quai Branly, Orsay Museum, Alexander III Bridge. Transport : RER A, Metro Alma Marceau and Ecole Militaire are about 8 mins walk. Many good restaurants near by : Saint-Dominique and Monttessuy Streets, Rue Cler. I will indicate you the good addresses. I love concerts, shopping, bars... I will be happy to give you the places to go. This apartment offers every comfort : - kitchen equipped : cooking, mini oven, fridge,dishwasher, washing machine, Nespresso machine - Very conmfortable sof
2633	dans le 7 ème arrondissement de Paris, tout près de la Tour Eiffel. Vous serez au calme pour vous reposez après vos promenades dans Paris. Idéal pour les amoureux en voyage! Vous pourrez loger à deux. possibilité d'un lit d'appoint pour un jeune enfant.   j'aurai le plaisir de vous accueillir et de vérifier avec vous que vous disposez de ce dont vous avez besoin: pour votre toilette ( serviettes savons et shampoing) pour votre petit déjeuner (thé, café, chocolat beurre et confitures) Par ailleurs je mettrai à votre disposition un guide de Paris dans votre langue maternelle.	dans le 7 ème  arrondissement de Paris,à deux pas de la tour Eiffel, joli studio, bien équipé, calme. Idéal pour couple désirant découvrir Paris à partir d'un de ses plus beaux quartiers. Accueil par le propriétaire des lieux. dans le 7 ème arrondissement de Paris, tout près de la Tour Eiffel. Vous serez au calme pour vous reposez après vos promenades dans Paris. Idéal pour les amoureux en voyage! Vous pourrez loger à deux. possibilité d'un lit d'appoint pour un jeune enfant.   j'aurai le plaisir de vous accueillir et de vérifier avec vous que vous disposez de ce dont vous avez besoin: pour votre toilette ( serviettes savons et shampoing) pour votre petit déjeuner (thé, café, chocolat beurre et confitures) Par ailleurs je mettrai à votre disposition un guide de Paris dans votre langue maternelle. vous aurez accès à l'internet, la télévision et au téléphone. l'appartement est non fumeur Je serai présent et accessible rapidement au téléphone pour répondre à vos questions et préoccupation
2634	DESCRIPTION The bull is an animal of legendary cultural significance. For the ancient Celts, it symbolized wealth and luxury, as bulls were a food source available in times of abundance. According to Greek mythology, Zeus manifested in the form of a bull, which came to represent passion, transformation, and fulfilment. In Western astrology, a Taurus possesses strength of determination and force of personality. An ox of the Chinese zodiac is a natural leader — hardworking, steadfast, and destined for greatness. The bull also designates a booming stock market, associated with confidence, energy, and strength.  Whether it's success, power, or renewal that you hope to summon, channel the manifold features of the bull at the Avenue Rapp. Here, bull statuettes complement bold red artwork. Gilded accents brighten a clean backdrop of beige and cream. Thought-provoking sculpture, natural light, and high-end amenities distinguish the striking spaces. Your group will relish the apartment's elegan	High-class comfort describes this 2 bedroom, 2 bath Parisian gem just steps away from the Eiffel Tower. Avenue Rapp can be your lavish home away from home in Paris. You will be impressed at every turn and comfortable at all times. DESCRIPTION The bull is an animal of legendary cultural significance. For the ancient Celts, it symbolized wealth and luxury, as bulls were a food source available in times of abundance. According to Greek mythology, Zeus manifested in the form of a bull, which came to represent passion, transformation, and fulfilment. In Western astrology, a Taurus possesses strength of determination and force of personality. An ox of the Chinese zodiac is a natural leader — hardworking, steadfast, and destined for greatness. The bull also designates a booming stock market, associated with confidence, energy, and strength.  Whether it's success, power, or renewal that you hope to summon, channel the manifold features of the bull at the Avenue Rapp. Here, bull statuettes comp
2635	Chambre privée pour 2 personnes dans un bel espace calme, lumineux avec une terrasse de 20 m² à usage privé avec vue sur les toits de Paris. 	 Chambre privée pour 2 personnes dans un bel espace calme, lumineux avec une terrasse de 20 m² à usage privé avec vue sur les toits de Paris.  Votre chambre possède un accès direct sur la terrasse.  Notre appartement est situé au 5ème étage (et dernier étage) avec ascenseur. Cuisine équipée pour votre petit-déjeuner, Wi-Fi, TV.  Vous profiterez d'une salle de bain privative (serviette de bain et drap inclus). Cet appartement vous permettra de découvrir Paris et toutes ses merveilleuses places et monuments dans les meilleures conditions ! Vous serez au centre de tout ! Réellement l'endroit où habiter ! Vous serez à 5 minutes à pied du musée d'Orsay, du jardin des Tuileries, de l'avenue des Champs-Élysées (15 minutes à pied),  de St Germain des Prés (10 minutes à pied), des Invalides,  proche du Louvre (15 minutes à pied), accès direct en transport en commun à la Tour Eiffel en 15 minutes, Versailles et son château en 45 minutes.  Au centre de Paris, vos visites culturelles et historique
2636	Appartement rénové et moderne mais ayant gardé le charme de l’ancien (parquet et moulures) de 125 m² pouvant accueillir 5-6 personnes. Un double living, avec grande cuisine à l’américaine équipée (micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, four). 3 chambres : une suite parentale avec douche et WC, une chambre d’adolescent avec un lit simple et possibilité d’un 2ème lit, une 3ème chambre avec deux lits superposés, une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés, lingerie (machine à laver le linge). Appartement situé dans une rue calme au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, concierge. Immeuble avec digicode et interphone,  TV, accès internet.  Possibilité de femme de ménage. Le quartier du Gros Caillou est un quartier très agréable et aéré avec la présence de grandes avenues arborées et la proximité des quais de Seine tout en étant animé. Très proche de la rue Cler, rue piétonne avec de nombreux cafés, petits restaurants français et internationaux (italiens, japonais, thai… ) et également petits commerçants typiq	Découvrez Paris dans ce bel appartement familial rénové au cœur de la capitale, à proximité de la Tour Eiffel, des Invalides et des Champs Elysées, tout en profitant du charme de la rue Cler (restaurants et petits commerçants) et des quais de Seine. Appartement rénové et moderne mais ayant gardé le charme de l’ancien (parquet et moulures) de 125 m² pouvant accueillir 5-6 personnes. Un double living, avec grande cuisine à l’américaine équipée (micro-ondes, lave-vaisselle, four). 3 chambres : une suite parentale avec douche et WC, une chambre d’adolescent avec un lit simple et possibilité d’un 2ème lit, une 3ème chambre avec deux lits superposés, une salle de bain avec baignoire, WC séparés, lingerie (machine à laver le linge). Appartement situé dans une rue calme au 4ème étage avec ascenseur, concierge. Immeuble avec digicode et interphone,  TV, accès internet.  Possibilité de femme de ménage. Le quartier du Gros Caillou est un quartier très agréable et aéré avec la présence de grandes 
2637	Very well located and unique atmosphere  around! 	Apartment located between Invalides and the Eiffel tower in a quiet street. Five minutes walking from the metro and the army museum to the tower. Fully furnished apartment, wifi  and really nice stores and bars around!                    Very well located and unique atmosphere  around!  Feel at home! You have everything you need.  Nice people, little artisanal stores, night life, amazing restaurants for any kind of  Metro, bus, taxi everywhere... 
2638	I rent my apartment is often traveling , near Bellechasse Street in the heart of Saint Germain des Près , I've renovated and furnished and equipped , elevator building , which can accommodate 2 people maximum, 50 meters from the Metro solférino	I rent my apartment is often traveling , near Bellechasse Street in the heart of Saint Germain des Près , I've renovated and furnished and equipped , elevator building , which can accommodate 2 people maximum, 50 meters from the Metro solférino
2639		Only 5 minutes walking from the Eiffel Tour, Champ de Mars, Invalides, tube station (Line 8 stop Ecole Millitaire), shops and restaurants !  A 2 double bed flat full equiped Deposite: 200€ Cleaning fee: 30€ Check out before 12:00 pm
2640	Type de propriété : Studio Capacité d'accueil : 2 Salles de bain : 1 Lits : 2 places Arrivée : 13:00 Départ : 15:00	Studio (14m²) situé dans le 16 ème avec vue sur le Tour Eiffel Champs Elysées : 10 min à pieds Tour Eiffel : 15 min à pieds Métro Alma Marceau à 50m Studio (14m²) located in the south of Paris Close to the Eiffel tower and the Champs Elysées Métro Alma Marceau (ligne 9) à 50 mètres Parking payant à 50 mètres Metro Alma Marceau (line 9) at 50 m Paid Parking at 50 m
2641	This amazing and really comfortable flat of 180m2 is perfect for families or several couples. Obviously if you're only one couple the flat is perfect because the bedroom number 1 with the giant bathroom is perfectly located. After taking stairs of the entrance you will find a giant room where you have a dining room with a table for 8persons. Then 1 room with two separate living-room. The first one is oriented for the TV and the second one is perfect for discussion and we have to add a beautiful grand piano. From this big room you will have the access to a big and functional kitchen, two balcony where you can have a breakfast or a café and enjoy the view and to bedrooms.   The flat has 3 bedrooms (big bed for 2) and each room has its own bathroom. (Total: 2 shower, 2 bath). The flat has also 2 separated toilets.	Splendid, wonderful ! In this spacious flat you'll appreciate the comfort in an incredible place. The location and  the view on the Eiffel Tower, the Champ de Mars or the Invalides are amazing. The living room is really bright, enjoy Parisian life. This amazing and really comfortable flat of 180m2 is perfect for families or several couples. Obviously if you're only one couple the flat is perfect because the bedroom number 1 with the giant bathroom is perfectly located. After taking stairs of the entrance you will find a giant room where you have a dining room with a table for 8persons. Then 1 room with two separate living-room. The first one is oriented for the TV and the second one is perfect for discussion and we have to add a beautiful grand piano. From this big room you will have the access to a big and functional kitchen, two balcony where you can have a breakfast or a café and enjoy the view and to bedrooms.   The flat has 3 bedrooms (big bed for 2) and each room has its own bath
2642	This charming 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and will accommodate two people. From the entrance hallway you will enter the charming living / dining-room with sofas and a dining table for four people. You can sit by the windows and watch the comings and goings of the Rue Saint Dominique down below. You can even see the Eiffel Tower if you lean a little! The corridor then leads to a separate toilet with a sink, then to the equipped kitchen and finally to the bedroom. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom. The bedroom has two single beds 85x200 that can be put side by side to form a double bed 170x200. It also features a wardrobe. Note that you can also store your clothes in the closet of the corridor. The bathroom is adjacent to the bedroom, it has a shower with hand shower, sink and a sanibroyeur. This apartment is perfect for any romantic couples looking for a classic typical French style, blending fabrics, carpets, elegant drapes on the windows, pastel colors, warm colo	       Come and stay in this romantic 1-bedroom apartment to rent for a couple looking for a classic French style interior, located in the nicest part of the 7th district, next to the famous pedestrian market street, Cler Street. This charming 45 sqm apartment has a separate bedroom and will accommodate two people. From the entrance hallway you will enter the charming living / dining-room with sofas and a dining table for four people. You can sit by the windows and watch the comings and goings of the Rue Saint Dominique down below. You can even see the Eiffel Tower if you lean a little! The corridor then leads to a separate toilet with a sink, then to the equipped kitchen and finally to the bedroom. The bathroom is accessible from the bedroom. The bedroom has two single beds 85x200 that can be put side by side to form a double bed 170x200. It also features a wardrobe. Note that you can also store your clothes in the closet of the corridor. The bathroom is adjacent to the bedroom, it ha
2643	Located in the 7th arrondissement, on the Rive Gauche or left bank of the Seine, this jewel of a one-bedroom apartment echoes the loveliness of the museum it overlooks. Its situation on the 5th floor (6th, by American standards) allows you to look out on the rooftops of the Orsay, out to the Seine and the Louvre, and all the rest of Paris beyond. It offers the rare combination of beautiful space and wonderful views. The salon looks out a generously bowed set of windows onto the glorious view, and the luxuriously appointed bedroom (queen bed – big for Paris!) has quieter, but still charming views. There are two full baths, one with a deep European tub and the other with an exquisitely tiled shower enclosure. The sunny eat-in kitchen is flooded with light, and is perfectly appointed for your morning petit dejeuner and afternoon apéros. Truly, the only problem with this apartment is that the two of you won't want to leave it… Vive la Paris! And in this case, Vive l'Art et l'Orsay!	This jewel of a one-bedroom apartment echoes the loveliness of the museum it overlooks. It  offers the rare combination of a beautiful space with wonderful views and walking distance to all the major tourist attractions. Located in the 7th arrondissement, on the Rive Gauche or left bank of the Seine, this jewel of a one-bedroom apartment echoes the loveliness of the museum it overlooks. Its situation on the 5th floor (6th, by American standards) allows you to look out on the rooftops of the Orsay, out to the Seine and the Louvre, and all the rest of Paris beyond. It offers the rare combination of beautiful space and wonderful views. The salon looks out a generously bowed set of windows onto the glorious view, and the luxuriously appointed bedroom (queen bed – big for Paris!) has quieter, but still charming views. There are two full baths, one with a deep European tub and the other with an exquisitely tiled shower enclosure. The sunny eat-in kitchen is flooded with light, and is perfect
2644	"We do have all appliances but  no dryer and  noTV ( free wifi ), we prefer books and we have a large selection to read from, French and English.Flowers on my girls bedroom would need watering once a week.We are 2 mn walk from one of the nicest pedestrian street in paris, rue Clerc, with fruit and veggies markets, coffee places and restaurants, cakes and ice creams shops etc....You can walk 5 mn to go to the Eiffel Tower, and the Champ de Mars park is very nice to walk , nap, run, or picnic. The nearest metro station is Ecole Militaire on ligne 8, and you are 10 mn walk from the Alma station (RER C) to go to Versailles in 30 mn, or go down by the river Seine to the new promenade area along the river, called the ""Berges de Paris ""(left bank)  up to  Musée d'Orsay ."	"In a  little street, in a quiet building, a 2 bedrooms appartment overlooking courtyards and little gardens.A nice living room and open kitchen space, and 2 real bedrooms(1 king sizebed and 1 queen size bed); our home is smoke free, and colorful We do have all appliances but  no dryer and  noTV ( free wifi ), we prefer books and we have a large selection to read from, French and English.Flowers on my girls bedroom would need watering once a week.We are 2 mn walk from one of the nicest pedestrian street in paris, rue Clerc, with fruit and veggies markets, coffee places and restaurants, cakes and ice creams shops etc....You can walk 5 mn to go to the Eiffel Tower, and the Champ de Mars park is very nice to walk , nap, run, or picnic. The nearest metro station is Ecole Militaire on ligne 8, and you are 10 mn walk from the Alma station (RER C) to go to Versailles in 30 mn, or go down by the river Seine to the new promenade area along the river, called the ""Berges de Paris ""(left bank)  up "
2645	"The courtyard is cobblestoned and flowered with a parking for bikes. Be careful, it's on the 4th floor with no lift (as in a lot of buildings in Paris, good to stay fit but inaccessible for handicapped people)  There is a caretaker, a door code, and an intercom.  The apartment contains a main room, a tiny kitchen, toilets and separated shower room. There are windows in main room, kitchen and bathroom. - Main room  There is a table for 4. There is a mezzanine bed for 2 with a futon-mattress, accessible from a wooden ""shelf-staircase"". Under the bed, you can find a comfy sofa for 1. There are shutters on the main room's windows.  - Kitchen  The kitchen is tiny but very functional, with a table for 2 persons that can refold itself. It is well equipped : baking tray, fridge, freezer, toaster, microwave and oven.  You will find all you need to prepare a nice meal, have a drink or open a can ;) - Shower room Just a shower and a sink.  Separated closets."	"I'm renting my apartment when my daughter is away. It's a typical small parisian apartment (21m2 / 226fts), which is bright and calm with windows on the courtyard side. Caution: it's at the 4th floor without any lift. The courtyard is cobblestoned and flowered with a parking for bikes. Be careful, it's on the 4th floor with no lift (as in a lot of buildings in Paris, good to stay fit but inaccessible for handicapped people)  There is a caretaker, a door code, and an intercom.  The apartment contains a main room, a tiny kitchen, toilets and separated shower room. There are windows in main room, kitchen and bathroom. - Main room  There is a table for 4. There is a mezzanine bed for 2 with a futon-mattress, accessible from a wooden ""shelf-staircase"". Under the bed, you can find a comfy sofa for 1. There are shutters on the main room's windows.  - Kitchen  The kitchen is tiny but very functional, with a table for 2 persons that can refold itself. It is well equipped : baking tray, fridge, "
2646	This 100 sq meters appartement is located in the heart of VII disctrict just nearby Rodin museum. It offers a splendid view over a private garden which is quite exceptional in Paris. It's located just minutes from Musée d'Orsay, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain des Prés. Three rooms are provided + living room with home cinema.	This stunning apartment is located in one of the most desirable locations in Paris, facing Rodin Museum gardens and enjoying spectacular views. Ideal for a familly with 2 kids This 100 sq meters appartement is located in the heart of VII disctrict just nearby Rodin museum. It offers a splendid view over a private garden which is quite exceptional in Paris. It's located just minutes from Musée d'Orsay, le Bon Marché and Saint Germain des Prés. Three rooms are provided + living room with home cinema. Guest will have access to the full appartment without restriction. Quite unique in Paris, the residence has a doorman. I will rent my appartment while I am off vacation, but I will provide many advices to enjoy Paris prior to your venue Rodin Museum, Saint Germain des Prés, La grande epicerie de Paris, Musée d'Orsay Metro Varenne, Saint François Xavier or Vaneau 
2647	This particularly charming apartment is within easy walking distance of the Musée d’Orsay.  Cross the Pont Royal bridge over the Seine to the Louvre and then relax in at outdoor café amidst the quintessential elegance of the Tuileries Gardens.  Continue your perigrinations via the Jeu de Paume and Orangerie Museums from where you may cross the Place de la Concorde, admiring the Crillon Hotel on your right, onto the most beautiful avenue in the world, the Champs Elysées ! Or in another direction, take a glance at Napoleon’s outrageously elaborate tomb, explore the boutiques on the rue du Bac, the rue de Grenelle and then on to the Boulevard St Germain, and the Latin Quarter, for designer boutiques, the famous Café Flore, les Deux Magots, and why not stop for lunch at the mythical Brasserie Lipp ? Two metro lines within five minutes walk will take you quickly and comfortably to destinations further afield. We are very pleased to have been entrusted this elegant 4th floor apartment.  Idea	This particularly charming apartment is within easy walking distance of the Musée d’Orsay.  Cross the Pont Royal bridge over the Seine to the Louvre and then relax in at outdoor café amidst the quintessential elegance of the Tuileries Gardens.  Continue your perigrinations via the Jeu de Paume and Orangerie Museums from where you may cross the Place de la Concorde, admiring the Crillon Hotel on your right, onto the most beautiful avenue in the world, the Champs Elysées ! Or in another direction, take a glance at Napoleon’s outrageously elaborate tomb, explore the boutiques on the rue du Bac, the rue de Grenelle and then on to the Boulevard St Germain, and the Latin Quarter, for designer boutiques, the famous Café Flore, les Deux Magots, and why not stop for lunch at the mythical Brasserie Lipp ? Two metro lines within five minutes walk will take you quickly and comfortably to destinations further afield. We are very pleased to have been entrusted this elegant 4th floor apartment.  Idea
2648		This beautiful 70m² apartment is greatly located on a very quiet street on an early 20th century building, within easy walking distance to the Seine, Louvre and Orsay. Sleeps up to 4 (2 on main double bed and 2 on sofa bed)
2649	"Large one bedroom with a lot of character Renovated very recently, the modern kitchen has all equipment ( washing - dryer machine, dish washer, oven ect...) Large shower "" a l'italienne""  WIFI"	"Charming and cosy one bedroom located in a "" hotel particulier"" of the famous Invalides area, at the corner of Hotel des Invalides. On the first floor overlooking a sunny courtyard, quiet and bright All equipments ( machines, WIFI) , very comfortable Large one bedroom with a lot of character Renovated very recently, the modern kitchen has all equipment ( washing - dryer machine, dish washer, oven ect...) Large shower "" a l'italienne""  WIFI Cannot go unfortunately in the courtyard PARISSIMO, who manage this apartment is joinable 24 H / 24 Very central location, you can walk all the center of Paris  Shops around Air France (email hidden) RER C, Metro Varenne Very quiet apartment"
2650	Profitez d'un emplacement exceptionnel au pied du jardin des Invalides dans le quartier prestigieux du 7ème arrondissement. Au 1er étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois de l'avenue de Breteuil, séjournez dans un appartement de 3 pièces de grand standing. D'une surface de 120 m2, le Breteuil s'ouvre sur une vaste entrée dévoilant un spacieux double living. L'espace salon dispose d'un canapé en cuir avec ses deux fauteuils en face d'une TV à écran plat. La salle à manger comprend une table confortable pour vos dîners en famille ou entre amis. Indépendante, la cuisine est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Idéal pour un séjour à 4, deux chambres doubles, l'une modulable en bureau avec un canapé lit, l'autre avec lit double, une belle salle de bains au niveau inférieur complète ce bien de prestige. Petit plus : le balcon agréable sur l'avenue de Breteuil. The Apartment Features: 3 double bedrooms with 3 private bathrooms and toilets  Modern and fully equipped kitchen	Appartement de prestige de 120 m2 à la décoration raffinée dans un bel immeuble haussmannien de l'avenue de Breteuil. Idéal pour 4 avec deux chambres doubles, le 7ème arrondissement de Paris vous tend les bras. Profitez d'un emplacement exceptionnel au pied du jardin des Invalides dans le quartier prestigieux du 7ème arrondissement. Au 1er étage avec ascenseur d'un immeuble bourgeois de l'avenue de Breteuil, séjournez dans un appartement de 3 pièces de grand standing. D'une surface de 120 m2, le Breteuil s'ouvre sur une vaste entrée dévoilant un spacieux double living. L'espace salon dispose d'un canapé en cuir avec ses deux fauteuils en face d'une TV à écran plat. La salle à manger comprend une table confortable pour vos dîners en famille ou entre amis. Indépendante, la cuisine est entièrement équipée pour vous restaurer sur place. Idéal pour un séjour à 4, deux chambres doubles, l'une modulable en bureau avec un canapé lit, l'autre avec lit double, une belle salle de bains au niveau 
2651	"L'APPARTEMENT C'est un appartement récemment rénové. C'est un logement charmant et confortable que je prends soin de garder très propre. Vous aurez l'occasion de vivre une véritable expérience parisienne sachant que c'est un appartement dans lequel je vis lorsque je suis de passage à Paris ! Cet appartement est un charmant deux pièces composé par une chambre séparée, une salle de bain et un salon et une cuisine. Le salon est lumineux. Il comporte un canapé convertible, un accès illimité à internet (WIFI haut débit). La décoration très moderne rend le lieux très cosy et confortable ! La chambre comprend un lit double assorti d'un matelas de qualité accompagné de deux coussins. Cette pièce possède également un système d'éclairage particulier qui fait de cette chambre ""un vrai nid douillet"". La cuisine est entièrement équipée. La salle de bain est propre. Elle comprend une baignoire, un lavabo."	"Très jolie deux pièces en plein coeur du 7 ème arrondissement entre le champs de mars et les invalides ! L'appartement est très sécurisé dans très belle immeuble deux digicodes, gardien mais aussi video-surveillance ! L'APPARTEMENT C'est un appartement récemment rénové. C'est un logement charmant et confortable que je prends soin de garder très propre. Vous aurez l'occasion de vivre une véritable expérience parisienne sachant que c'est un appartement dans lequel je vis lorsque je suis de passage à Paris ! Cet appartement est un charmant deux pièces composé par une chambre séparée, une salle de bain et un salon et une cuisine. Le salon est lumineux. Il comporte un canapé convertible, un accès illimité à internet (WIFI haut débit). La décoration très moderne rend le lieux très cosy et confortable ! La chambre comprend un lit double assorti d'un matelas de qualité accompagné de deux coussins. Cette pièce possède également un système d'éclairage particulier qui fait de cette chambre ""un vr"
2652		Ideal for a couple All windows have a view of the Eiffel Tower Located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris Close to good restaurants 5 min from rue Cler, one of the most famous streets for food in Paris 1 min from Champs de Mars/ Eiffel Tower Located on the Rive Gauche, or Left Bank, the 7th arrondissement is set in the heart of Paris, offering the perfect mix of the city’s grandest sites combined with the village-like atmosphere of this quintessentially Parisian neighborhood.  Overflowing with charm and boasting an ideal central location, the 7th arrondissement is one of Paris’s most desirable neighborhoods. The pace of life in the 7th arrondissement is relaxed, allowing you to enjoy its narrow cobbled streets, sophisticated shopping, bustling street markets, prized local shops, and charming candle-lit bistros. Ideal for enjoying fine dining in comfort while marveling at the exceptional views of the Eiffel Tower. Be prepared for a surprise when the Eiffel Tower bursts to life in twinkl
2653		Avec une sublime vue sur les invalides et le sacré coeur, ce petit studio parfait pour se poser les soir après des visites, des restaurants. Tres bien situé, calme.
2654	A few minutes walk from the Musée du Louvres, Musée d'Orsay and Le Jardin des Tuileries, the situation of our flat will offer you a typic Parisian charm for an unforgettable stay.  You will find all facilities nearby, shops, supermarkets,  restaurants cafés ( cafe de Flore, 5 minutes walk). The apartment located at the end of a charming courtyard, offers peace and serenity.	"A few minutes walk from the Musée du Louvres, Musée d'Orsay and Le Jardin des Tuileries, the situation of our flat will offer you a typic Parisian charm for an unforgettable stay.  You will find all facilities nearby, shops, supermarkets,  restaurants cafés ( cafe de Flore, 5 minutes walk). The apartment located at the end of a charming courtyard, offers peace and serenity. Access to all facilities provided by the apartment . Metro  ligne 12 station Rue du Bac. Metro ligne 4 station Saint Germain des Prés""."
2655	L'appartement est au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur. Il est composé d'une grande entrée qui s'ouvre sur un double living. Une chambre avec une salle de douche et wc. Je peux ajouter un lit d'une personne (adulte) confortable 90x200 dans le salon. Il y a une autre salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver le linge. Un autre wc séparé. Une cuisine avec gazinière, frigidaire, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner et prendre des repas.	Appartement charmant et confortable. Style bourgeois, meubles anciens, parquet, tableaux 150m de la Tour Eiffel et de la Seine  100m2 100sm Old & charming apartment in a building of the early 20th : 150 meters walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine L'appartement est au 4 ème étage avec ascenseur. Il est composé d'une grande entrée qui s'ouvre sur un double living. Une chambre avec une salle de douche et wc. Je peux ajouter un lit d'une personne (adulte) confortable 90x200 dans le salon. Il y a une autre salle de bain avec baignoire et machine à laver le linge. Un autre wc séparé. Une cuisine avec gazinière, frigidaire, congélateur, lave-vaisselle, micro-ondes et tout ce qu'il faut pour cuisiner et prendre des repas. L'immeuble se trouve à égale distance des stations de métro ECOLE MILITAIRE ou PONT DE L'ALMA.  Plusieurs lignes de bus passent tout près. (phone number hidden) avec elles vous pourrez découvrir Paris et ses grands magasins :-) Il y a deux stations de taxi à côté égalemen
2656	This apartment sparkles just like the diamonds in your Parisien evening sky.The magnificent Champs de Mars with the Eiffel Tower at one end and the Ecole Militaire at the other is just a block away. Tucked among magnificent gardens, you'll find everything from cafes to carousels. It is the perfect venue for your morning run or stroll. Stop for coffee and a croissant on the corner before returning to Avenue de la Bourdonnais to get ready for your day in Paris. This comfortable apartment is smartly decorated and well-equipped with everything from guide books to umbrellas to an alarm clock. Light pours through the window in each room, and it is exquisitely quiet--in the back of the courtyard. The first floor (French first floor, one flight up) location permits easy access with suitcases and the inevitable shopping bags you will so naturally acquire--no puzzling over how to get your luggage and you into a typically teeny French elevator. 	Beautiful 2 Bedroom apartment minutes away from the Eiffel Tower This apartment sparkles just like the diamonds in your Parisien evening sky.The magnificent Champs de Mars with the Eiffel Tower at one end and the Ecole Militaire at the other is just a block away. Tucked among magnificent gardens, you'll find everything from cafes to carousels. It is the perfect venue for your morning run or stroll. Stop for coffee and a croissant on the corner before returning to Avenue de la Bourdonnais to get ready for your day in Paris. This comfortable apartment is smartly decorated and well-equipped with everything from guide books to umbrellas to an alarm clock. Light pours through the window in each room, and it is exquisitely quiet--in the back of the courtyard. The first floor (French first floor, one flight up) location permits easy access with suitcases and the inevitable shopping bags you will so naturally acquire--no puzzling over how to get your luggage and you into a typically teeny Fren
2657	Your private room includes : - a double bed with pillows - a piece of furniture with locking drawers - a desk near the large window - a chest of drawers - a round table - 2 chairs - all you need to hang your clothes - something to hang the washing - iron and ironing table. I provide bed linen and 2 towels per person and per week  building with elevator	I propose a courtyard room near Invalides in my apartment. At 2 minutes walk from the Metro station Varenne (line 13) For calm people. Your private room includes : - a double bed with pillows - a piece of furniture with locking drawers - a desk near the large window - a chest of drawers - a round table - 2 chairs - all you need to hang your clothes - something to hang the washing - iron and ironing table. I provide bed linen and 2 towels per person and per week  building with elevator We share bathroom and kitchen. Storages spaces are especially for you. I am living at home, excepted during my holidays. Even If I am not very present, I'll answer with pleasure to your questions ! Otherwise I am rather discret. The district is the best beguinning of this wonderfull walk : - Musée de l'Armée et des Plans-Reliefs  - Ecole Militaire  - Champs de Mars  - Tour Eiffel  - Palais de Chaillot/Trocadéro  - Palais Galliera (musée de la mode)  - Musée d'Art Moderne  - Luxury shops avenue Montaigne  
2658	Nested in the classy 7th arrondissement, near the docks, this apartment offers everything you could possibly want for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Very well organized and decorated with taste, the small entrance hall's corridor takes you to the dining room, adjoining the comfortable bedroom, the fully equipped kitchen, and the nice bathroom with bathtub, shower and toilet. The apartment also features a spacious living room (with sofa beds), opening on a covered veranda overlooking Paris' rooftops, for enjoyable moments in the sun, and another separated toilet	On the 3rd floor with elevator of a classy building very well located in the 7th arrondissement, this luxurious one bedroom apartment features everything you need: a comfortable bedroom, a dining room, a kitchen, a living room, a bathroom and veranda Nested in the classy 7th arrondissement, near the docks, this apartment offers everything you could possibly want for an unforgettable stay in Paris. Very well organized and decorated with taste, the small entrance hall's corridor takes you to the dining room, adjoining the comfortable bedroom, the fully equipped kitchen, and the nice bathroom with bathtub, shower and toilet. The apartment also features a spacious living room (with sofa beds), opening on a covered veranda overlooking Paris' rooftops, for enjoyable moments in the sun, and another separated toilet Enjoy  unlimited high speed wireless internet connection, unlimited free phone calls to international landlines and cable TV programs. House linen and towels are provided for each 
2659		   Loue pour le mois d'aout, appartement Haussmanien, 4 pièces à 300m de la Tour Eiffel, Av Bourdonnais. 2 semaines mini. 2 chambres 2 salles de bains, salon, Salle à manger, Cuisine, meublé avec gout.     
2660		3 pièces charme parisien, parquet, moulures cheminées, 2 chambres avec grande penderie, refait à neuf en février 2015, entièrement adapté personne handicapée,  en rdc donnant sur jardin, calme et ensoleillé, très beau salon ouvert sur cuis équipée..
2661	Ideally located in Rue Cler, a pedestrian street, you will enjoy a very special atmosphere between caterers, flower stands, fruit and vegetable stands, wine shops, and other bakeries. The studio, located on the 4th floor with (tiny) elevator is ideal for a traveler on his own but it may possibly accommodate an extra (close ;-) person. It has an entrance with a small kitchen (induction hob and extractor, refrigerator, crockery, etc), a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, separated by a closing door from the main room which is equipped with a very comfortable sofa bed, cupboards and a desk corner. linen and towels provided internet wifi Nespresso machine hair-dryer Please note that the studio is non smoking. No pets allowed. There is no washing machine in the studio, however a public laundry is available in the corner of the street as well as 2 laundry shops.  Metro : Line 8 - Ecole Militaire Bus : lines 69, 82, 92 and 28 Vélib' bike station 	Tiny but cozy and very well equipped, this bright studio welcomes you for a comfortable stay in the heart of the 7th arrondissement of Paris, between Les Invalides, the Champ de Mars and the Eiffel Tower. Ideally located in Rue Cler, a pedestrian street, you will enjoy a very special atmosphere between caterers, flower stands, fruit and vegetable stands, wine shops, and other bakeries. The studio, located on the 4th floor with (tiny) elevator is ideal for a traveler on his own but it may possibly accommodate an extra (close ;-) person. It has an entrance with a small kitchen (induction hob and extractor, refrigerator, crockery, etc), a bathroom with shower, sink and toilet, separated by a closing door from the main room which is equipped with a very comfortable sofa bed, cupboards and a desk corner. linen and towels provided internet wifi Nespresso machine hair-dryer Please note that the studio is non smoking. No pets allowed. There is no washing machine in the studio, however a public
2662	Be very welcome in our place ! 2 really separated rooms (bedroom- corridor- living) Fully equipped kitchen Small but all new bathroom Very confortable bed Quiet et luminous Fonctional place with a lot of storage Great location : a quiet street in a very lively and authentically Parisian district	We used to live very happily in this place full of good vibes! 36 m2 all renewed and ideally located to enjoy an authentic stay It is made of a tipically Parisian mix of design and 'flea market' It is peaceful, luminous and warm. Be very welcome in our place ! 2 really separated rooms (bedroom- corridor- living) Fully equipped kitchen Small but all new bathroom Very confortable bed Quiet et luminous Fonctional place with a lot of storage Great location : a quiet street in a very lively and authentically Parisian district The flat has all amenities : - Free Wifi - Music player (bluetooth from any device) - TV and dvd player - Washer dryer - Dishwasher (real holidays !) - Kitchen equipment (kettle, fridge&freezer, cooktop&oven, dishwasher, etc.) - All the cooking utensils and dishes - Towels and clean linen There is a caretaker in the building, downstairs, from monday to friday.  In any case, you can reach me by the Airbnb messenger or phone during all your stay (phone number hidden). Yo
2663	Our studio is situated in the 2nd US/1st UK/1st French floor (with an elevator) of a modern residential building (70'es) with a central heating in the Avenue de Breteuil.  The building consists of a number of blocks, our apartment is located in one of the internal blocks, so its windows do not face the street but the inner yard.   Sleeps up to 4 people (2 double-beds).  The minimum stay is 3 nights. The New Year's and May holidays - 5 nights.  Sometimes we accept 2-night bookings but only when they fill in the gaps between existing bookings. ATTENTION: No check in or check out is possible on 31 Dec and 1 Jan. WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):  - FREE wi-fi internet  - a double bed (140x200 cm or 55x79 inches)  - a double sofa-bed (140x200 cm or 55x79 inches)  - bed linen for each bed  - two towels per person  - a washer/dryer  - all necessary kitchen appliances  - electricity and utilities are included in the price.   We DO NOT provide:  - TV  - Phone - Dish-washer LIVING	A cosy and reasonably-priced Paris studio is located in the bourgeois 7th district of Paris, within a few steps from the beautiful building of L'Hôtel des Invalides (Napoleon's tomb) and within a 10-12 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. Our studio is situated in the 2nd US/1st UK/1st French floor (with an elevator) of a modern residential building (70'es) with a central heating in the Avenue de Breteuil.  The building consists of a number of blocks, our apartment is located in one of the internal blocks, so its windows do not face the street but the inner yard.   Sleeps up to 4 people (2 double-beds).  The minimum stay is 3 nights. The New Year's and May holidays - 5 nights.  Sometimes we accept 2-night bookings but only when they fill in the gaps between existing bookings. ATTENTION: No check in or check out is possible on 31 Dec and 1 Jan. WE PROVIDE (items included in the daily price):  - FREE wi-fi internet  - a double bed (140x200 cm or 55x79 inches)  - a double sofa-bed (140x200 
2664	A fantastic open space with lots of light and style. Separate bedroom, and a convertible couch in the main room for additional guests. Some other great features:  - Amazing views out on Les Invalides (perfect for joggers) - Lots of light  - Full bath and shower  - A few steps away from La Tour-Maubourg Metro stop on the convenient 8 line - Surrounded by some of the best restaurants in the city - Within walking distance of many of the city's major monuments, including the Eiffel Tower and the big museums	Well-situated near the river in the famed Seventh Arrondissement, directly overlooking one of the city's largest, greenest parks, this place is unique. 60m2 (645ft2), third floor (with elevator), separate bedroom, and a convertible couch. Very quiet. A fantastic open space with lots of light and style. Separate bedroom, and a convertible couch in the main room for additional guests. Some other great features:  - Amazing views out on Les Invalides (perfect for joggers) - Lots of light  - Full bath and shower  - A few steps away from La Tour-Maubourg Metro stop on the convenient 8 line - Surrounded by some of the best restaurants in the city - Within walking distance of many of the city's major monuments, including the Eiffel Tower and the big museums - Wifi internet  - Television  - Washer  - coffee maker - Fresh towels and linens I'll meet you upon arrival to show you the apartment and help get you settled in, and then I'm always available throughout your stay if you have any questions
2665		Gorgeous meeting room in Invalides 
2666	"The apartment was renovated in 2013. It is completely equipped. This is a studio for two people in the heart of Paris, in the 7th district, 100 meters from Les Invalides, and close to the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for visiting Paris with the subway ""La Tour Maubourg"" 2 minutes walk. The apartment is very bright and has a balcony facing the sun, ideal for taking breakfast. "	"i The apartment was renovated in 2013. It is completely equipped. This is a studio for two people in the heart of Paris, in the 7th district, 100 meters from Les Invalides, and close to the Eiffel Tower. Ideal for visiting Paris with the subway ""La Tour Maubourg"" 2 minutes walk. The apartment is very bright and has a balcony facing the sun, ideal for taking breakfast. "
2667	Renovated by a Parisian designer, my brand new furniture and flat will bring you comfort, quietness and art during your stay in Paris. The living room can be changed as a room for 3 people, the master bedroom is designed for one couple. Feel completely safe : the building is in a private courtyard, the door and windows are armoured, the central police station of the French Parliament and the international embassies is just next block.	Quiet apartment between the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees and the Louvre. In one of the most exclusive area of Paris, the Esplanade des Invalides, my brand new flat renovated by a Parisian designer looks forward to welcoming you ! Renovated by a Parisian designer, my brand new furniture and flat will bring you comfort, quietness and art during your stay in Paris. The living room can be changed as a room for 3 people, the master bedroom is designed for one couple. Feel completely safe : the building is in a private courtyard, the door and windows are armoured, the central police station of the French Parliament and the international embassies is just next block. All utilities are included !  You can use for free the high speed Wifi to work, contact friends or download your favorite movie. Internationally educated in architecture, I am based in Paris for 10 years. Get the best of the French capital thanks to personalised tips and don't miss my favorites hidden spots ! The charm of the
2668		Central apartment on Malar Street in the 7th on the fourth floor with lift. Nice aera.  One double bed in the room and one double sofa bed in the living room .Both bathroom and kitchen are with window. Linen included. Towels on request for 2 persons.  WiFi. Wash (website hidden) Great food market nearby pedestrian street (Rue Cler). Super markets & french bakery 2 mn walk. . Walking distance to Eiffel Tower (5 mn) & Champs Elysees  (10 mn) & the Tuileries Gardens (15 mn) +Louvre) & Invalides & Quai Branly Museum & Grand Palais & Orsay Museum. Very close to the river. To Versailles Castle : RER C (kind of speed regional train), In Invalides. 5 mn walk from the flat Subway stops Latour-Maubourg (line 8), Invalides (line13 & 8), Ecole Militaire (line 8).  Very easy access by bus 69 (to le Marais or Bastille), 63 (to St Germain des près). Other lines close by bus 92, bus 28, bus 80. 
2669	Paris 7, Studio 23 m2 (248 ft2). Comète street. Minimum 6 nights  7th floor with elevator to the 6th, digicode, guardian. District very safe where you can (must) walk the night. Paris is beautiful at night.  Unlimited high speed internet free, TV, kitchent, 2 twin beds. Sheets and towels provided. Ideal for 2 people.  Non-smoking, renovated very recently, kitchen and shower. 2 windows. Besides the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower, the bridge of Alma and Bateaux Mouches, Rodin Museum, Orsay Museum , Arts Premiers Museum , in a very commercial district, I offer you the calm in the heart Paris.  Thank you contact me.  Bus and underground, 2 mn. Email: (email hidden)  A bientôt. 	Paris 7, Studio 23 m2 (248 ft2). Comète street. Minimum 6 nights  7th floor with elevator to the 6th, digicode, guardian. District very safe where you can (must) walk the night. Paris is beautiful at night.  Unlimited high speed internet free, TV, kitchent, 2 twin beds. Sheets and towels provided. Ideal for 2 people.  Non-smoking, renovated very recently, kitchen and shower. 2 windows. Besides the Invalides and the Eiffel Tower, the bridge of Alma and Bateaux Mouches, Rodin Museum, Orsay Museum , Arts Premiers Museum , in a very commercial district, I offer you the calm in the heart Paris.  Thank you contact me.  Bus and underground, 2 mn. Email: (email hidden)  A bientôt. 
2670		Central Paris Apartment, comfortable 1 bedroom with queen size bed, 1 living room, 1 bathroom with bath, 1 separate toilet. Perfect location to discover all Paris Metro at 1 min by walk 
2671		Très bel appartement à deux pas de Saint Germain des Prés, de l'Assemblée National, des Invalides et du Musée du Louvre. A 15mn à pied du parc Luxembourg. Accès facile à tous les monuments et musées de Paris. Une vie de quartier agréable tout en étant calme et animée. De nombreuses boutiques aux alentours dont Le Bon Marché. A deux pas du métro Rue du Bac
2672	This lovely apartment is located in a peaceful neighborhood, between two vibrant and accessible areas. Its contemporary decoration is elegant and the apartment is perfectly functional. You won’t be lacking anything in this quality accommodation! The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs, a fireplace, a dining table with four chairs and storage areas. Two bedrooms are at your disposal with a 180 cm double bed and two 90cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. The living room consists of a convertible sofa, two armchairs, a fireplace, a dining table with four chairs and storage areas. Two bedrooms are at your disp	This lovely apartment is located in a peaceful neighborhood, between two vibrant and accessible areas. Its contemporary decoration is elegant and the apartment is perfectly functional. You won’t be lacking anything in this quality accommodation! The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. The living room consists of a 140 cm convertible sofa, two armchairs, a fireplace, a dining table with four chairs and storage areas. Two bedrooms are at your disposal with a 180 cm double bed and two 90cm single beds that can be twinned to form a 180 cm double bed. The separate kitchen is fully-equipped. The bathroom features a shower cubicle and the toilets are separate. The apartment is located on the 3rd floor of a Parisian building. It faces south and has views on a courtyard. The living room consists of a convertible sofa, two armchairs, a fireplace, a dining table with four chairs and storage areas. Two bedrooms are at your disp
2673	Le studio donne sur une cour intérieure avec un joli jardin, il est très calme et vous ne serez pas dérangés par les bruits de la rue. Il est constitué d'une grande pièce principale lumineuse avec un canapé-lit très confortable, une cuisine complètement équipée et une salle de bain - toilettes très spacieuse avec baignoire. Le studio est bien isolé et les voisins sont très calmes.	Grand studio de 26m2 situé au cœur de la Rive gauche, dans un arrondissement élégant et tranquille. Idéal pour profiter sans souci de Paris à deux. Métro et bus à proximité, vous aurez facilement accès aux principaux monuments et musées. Profitez également des nombreux restaurants et commerces aux alentours. Le studio donne sur une cour intérieure avec un joli jardin, il est très calme et vous ne serez pas dérangés par les bruits de la rue. Il est constitué d'une grande pièce principale lumineuse avec un canapé-lit très confortable, une cuisine complètement équipée et une salle de bain - toilettes très spacieuse avec baignoire. Le studio est bien isolé et les voisins sont très calmes. Lave linge Étendoir à linge Lave vaisselle Micro ondes Baignoire Grand placard WiFi Aspirateur Quartier très agréable dans un arrondissement recherché, situé à 100m du Bon Marché et du quartier Sèvres-Babylone, en plein Paris. A deux pas de la rue du Cherche Midi, typiquement parisienne, et de ses nombreu
2674	Q: How Many Existentialists Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb? A: Two. One to unscrew the bulb and the other to write a 10,000-word treatise on the authenticity of the action.  Did you know that 'treatise' is a French word?  If you stay in this fabulously located, brilliantly decorated apartment, you're a stone's throw away from the scene where some of France's most legendary art and philosophy movements were conceived. A short walk will get you to Les Deux Magots and its rival Café de Flore, where Simone de Beauvoir, Albert Camus, and Jean-Paul Sartre hung out in the 1920's and whipped up surrealism and existentialism out of sheer logic… and perhaps repeat encounters with the bottle.   After the dark sobriety of our Existentialist friends, you'll want some lighter fare.  So consider turning to the Impressionists, those masters of light, at the wonderful Musée d'Orsay.   There's a heartening story of architectural preservation that goes with this museum. Originally a train station, t	Stepping into the space, you are immediately aware of the quiet afforded by its view onto a beautiful private courtyard.  Street noises have vanished.  You are ready to enter the world of true Parisians. This apartment is a perfect place to relax. Q: How Many Existentialists Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb? A: Two. One to unscrew the bulb and the other to write a 10,000-word treatise on the authenticity of the action.  Did you know that 'treatise' is a French word?  If you stay in this fabulously located, brilliantly decorated apartment, you're a stone's throw away from the scene where some of France's most legendary art and philosophy movements were conceived. A short walk will get you to Les Deux Magots and its rival Café de Flore, where Simone de Beauvoir, Albert Camus, and Jean-Paul Sartre hung out in the 1920's and whipped up surrealism and existentialism out of sheer logic… and perhaps repeat encounters with the bottle.   After the dark sobriety of our Existentialist friends,
2675	The studio is located in one of Paris's most exclusive street. You will be able to rest in a very quiet environment. Idéal after either à hard working day or after exploring what Paris has to offer.	Nearby musée Rodin a studio in a very quiet environment. You Will be just a few minutes walk from les invalides, Assemblée nationale and le bon marché. Fully equiped kitchen, bathroom , wc, wifi, Nespresso / tea and washing machine. Ideal for couple Le quartier Varenne St francois xavier est à la fois très sécurisé, très calme, et très central. Les métro les plus proches sont :  ligne 13 (varenne / st francois xavier) (2 to 3 minutes walk) ligne 12 ( Assemblée  nationale / solferino / sevres babylone) (6 to 8 minutes walk) ligne 10 Vaneau (6 minutes walk) ligne 8 Invalides (8 minutes walk)
2676	"2-3 room appartment located in Paris 15th district. Three people could sleep. The kitchen is fully equiped (dish machine, washing machine, microwave, electric hoven). In the living room, you could use TV, Hifi, WIFI, and Apple computer, separate restroom. The appartement is located in a quiet  charming resident district near the Eiffel tower (10 minutes) and Saint Germain des Près (15 minutes). It's a typical traditional parisian appartment with a small balcony orientated south (sunny) where you could have a breakfast for two, and yo'll see part of the Eiffel tower... The district of the appartment is quiet,  safe, with lots of restaurants and parks ( 10 minutes from the park ""Champ de Mars"" , Eiffel Tower), 15 minutes by the subway to the Champs Elysées. There is three lines of tube stations (6, 10, 12) where you could be in 10-15 minutes in the center of Paris. The building has a gard tender.  (Please, excuse my English!!!)"	"This charming appartment allies the ancient of old home and the modern of technology, with new bathroom and WC, new kitchen, wifi. Well situated with three lines of tube and near all shops. 2-3 room appartment located in Paris 15th district. Three people could sleep. The kitchen is fully equiped (dish machine, washing machine, microwave, electric hoven). In the living room, you could use TV, Hifi, WIFI, and Apple computer, separate restroom. The appartement is located in a quiet  charming resident district near the Eiffel tower (10 minutes) and Saint Germain des Près (15 minutes). It's a typical traditional parisian appartment with a small balcony orientated south (sunny) where you could have a breakfast for two, and yo'll see part of the Eiffel tower... The district of the appartment is quiet,  safe, with lots of restaurants and parks ( 10 minutes from the park ""Champ de Mars"" , Eiffel Tower), 15 minutes by the subway to the Champs Elysées. There is three lines of tube stations (6, 10"
2677	This 30-sq meter studio is ideally located 100m away from Musée d'Orsay in the center of Paris. It has an independent fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom, separate toilet, and a large room. It is nice and tidy, completely refurbished three years ago, and comfortably arranged to welcome a couple for a holiday in Paris. The studio overlooks the courtyard and thus is extremely quiet. It is nice and tidy, was completely refurbished three years ago, and comfortably arranged to welcome a couple for a holiday in Paris. Up to 4 people can be accomodated there on one double bed and an extra double mattress. A baby bed is also available. The studio overlooks the courtyard and thus is extremely quiet. It is conveniently located between RER Musée d'Orsay and Metro Solférino :  -one-minute walk to Musée d'Orsay  -ten-minutes walk to the Louvre palace  -three RER stops from the Eiffel tower (6 minutes)  -eight metro strop from Montmartre (12 minutes)  -one RER stop from Saint Michel and Notre-Dame Th	This comfortable, super-quiet and ideally located flat in the center of Paris is the best possible spot for a holiday in the city. You'll have easy access to all the interesting places while enjoying a clean, comfortable and true Parisian apartment. This 30-sq meter studio is ideally located 100m away from Musée d'Orsay in the center of Paris. It has an independent fully-equipped kitchen, a bathroom, separate toilet, and a large room. It is nice and tidy, completely refurbished three years ago, and comfortably arranged to welcome a couple for a holiday in Paris. The studio overlooks the courtyard and thus is extremely quiet. It is nice and tidy, was completely refurbished three years ago, and comfortably arranged to welcome a couple for a holiday in Paris. Up to 4 people can be accomodated there on one double bed and an extra double mattress. A baby bed is also available. The studio overlooks the courtyard and thus is extremely quiet. It is conveniently located between RER Musée d'Orsa
2678		Proximité place des Invalides, Seine à 3min et 10 min de la Tour Eiffel et 5min Champs Elysées Studio calme dans très beau quartier, emplacement privilégié, car central.  Bord de quai aménagé pour déjeuner Idéal pour couple, seul ou même amis    Métros : 8 et 13 - RER C -  A proximités métros : 1 - 9- 12
2679	Rez-de-chaussé: toilettes avec machine à laver, table & fer à repasser; salon avec cuisine ouverte, bar avec 4 chaises hautes, télé, grand canapé convertible, fauteuil, pouf, table basse, grande fenêtre donnant sur cour, vue sur les toits, très lumineux le matin. Etage: grande penderie, nombreux rengagements, salle de bain avec douche et lavabo, lit double (140cm) sur mezzanine	T2 de 40m2, situé dans une rue calme et saine, proche de la Tour Eiffel et du champs de Mars. Il s'agit d'un duplex agréable, vue sur cour avec toutes les commodités. Quartier vivant, commerces abondant, transports en commun proches. Que du bonheur! Rez-de-chaussé: toilettes avec machine à laver, table & fer à repasser; salon avec cuisine ouverte, bar avec 4 chaises hautes, télé, grand canapé convertible, fauteuil, pouf, table basse, grande fenêtre donnant sur cour, vue sur les toits, très lumineux le matin. Etage: grande penderie, nombreux rengagements, salle de bain avec douche et lavabo, lit double (140cm) sur mezzanine Quartier très agréable. 1 minutes pour se rendre sur le champs de Mars, 5 minutes Tour Eiffel, 5 minutes pont de l'Alma, 10 minutes des Invalides.  Beaucoup de petits restaurants. Restaurants du chef étoilé Constant (Maison Constant), je recommande le Café Constant ou Les Cocottes rue Saint Dominique. Transports proches: Ligne 8 à Ecole Militaire, bus 92 vers la plac
2680		If you want to feel the Parisian way of life it is the best place to stay. Located in a typical district, you will find lots of little bakeries and cafés, shops nearby. You are close to all the different monuments and museums, but you
2681	le quartier est le plus au centre de toute la partie la plus  touristique de PARIS.	Ces deux chambres doubles dans un appartement  de 53m2  dans un immeuble situé en arrière cour arborée  du boulevard et au pied de la station Varennes, calme absolu, à deux pas de l'esplanade des invalides vous permettra de découvrir Paris depuis son plus beau quartier en plein cœur. le quartier est le plus au centre de toute la partie la plus  touristique de PARIS. vous aurez accès a deux chambres double à la salle de bain la cuisine les toilettes une entrée et un salon. Mon Accueil et mon aide vous sera apporté . Les draps et serviettes propres seront fournis. La proximité des commerçants dans la rue de Bourgogne ,les transports aéroports par le terminal car air France des invalides.l'esplanade ou l on peut s étendre sur la pelouse en plein été après une visite des muses à proximité (musée Rodîn,le tombeau de l empereur Napoléon ,le musée des l'armée des invalides et arpenter les quais de Seine pour se rendre à pied à la Tour Eiffel,traverser le pont Alexandre III pour se rendre sur 
2682	Appartement au dernier étage, avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Situé entre 2 cours, vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit. Ses atouts ? une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Situé entre 2 cours, vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit!  Envie de jouer quelques notes, un piano est à votre disposition...	"Bel Appartement dans le 7ème arrondissement de Paris, au pied de la Tour Eiffel. Beautiful apartment in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, at the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Appartement au dernier étage, avec une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel.  Situé entre 2 cours, vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit. Ses atouts ? une vue imprenable sur la Tour Eiffel et les toits de Paris. Situé entre 2 cours, vous ne serez pas dérangé par le bruit!  Envie de jouer quelques notes, un piano est à votre disposition... Equipé de la TV et internet wifi,  Salle de bain et lave linge, cuisine fonctionnelle avec réfrigérateur, four, micro-onde et machine à laver et autre petits équipements. Durant votre séjour je serai disponible, pour toutes informations sur WhatsApp • A 5min des métros ""Ecole militaire"" (ligne 8) et ""Alma Marceau"" (ligne 9), l'appartement est à proximité de la rue Saint Dominique et la rue Cler:  super-marché, boulangerie, parc, restaurants, etc... • Proche des Quais de Seine ( Les Berg"
2683	Welcome! Ideal location for visiting Paris, near the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees and other prestigious places. Studio on the ground floor,  approximatly  25 m² and overlooks a very quiet and pleasant courtyard, it consists of an entrance with an equipped kitchenette (fridge / freezer, microwave, oven, 2 hot plates,  toaster ...) The entrance has a dining table and storage. The studio also has a living room with a very comfortable double bed, a sofa, table, a bathroom with shower and toilet. Invalides station or Tour Maubourg The studio is fully available. Bed linen and towels are provided. I would be there to greet you and so you give information on housing, the area and answer any questions. Contacted at any time via email and telephone. I'll take care of check-in and check-out Located close to many shops, restaurants and bars.  There is a hot water tank, hot water 1 hour per day approximately.	INVALIDES Charming studio in the heart of Les Invalides, located on the ground floor overlooking courtyard, comprises: entrance hall with space for dining, a kitchen equipped, a living room (sofa, double bed, coffee table) and shower room with WC . Welcome! Ideal location for visiting Paris, near the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysees and other prestigious places. Studio on the ground floor,  approximatly  25 m² and overlooks a very quiet and pleasant courtyard, it consists of an entrance with an equipped kitchenette (fridge / freezer, microwave, oven, 2 hot plates,  toaster ...) The entrance has a dining table and storage. The studio also has a living room with a very comfortable double bed, a sofa, table, a bathroom with shower and toilet. Invalides station or Tour Maubourg The studio is fully available. Bed linen and towels are provided. I would be there to greet you and so you give information on housing, the area and answer any questions. Contacted at any time via email and telephon
2684	This 22 SqM Studio is fully renovated for welcoming 2 persons, modern style but still offering parisian charme (FIRE PLACE, BEAMS...). Located at the 5th floor without lift, this Appartment is quiet and comfortable, not overlooked and very bright (SOUTHWEST EXPOSURE). The kitchen is nicely and fully furnished as well as the bathroom.  The commun ereas have security codes and are also newly renovated this Summer (2012). Located at  Rue Malar, enjoy entertainment, amenities and shops of its famous neighboring streets, the Rue Saint Dominique and Rue Cler (Shopping, restaurants, bakeries, banks, laundry shop, supermarkets ...) ... Come and visit absolutely  Invalides, Champs de Mars, the Eiffel Tower, the Pont d'Alma ... Few walk away from here! Environment and exceptional location make this apartment the ideal place to discover PARIS! Close to many schools, this flat is also handy for students (for Cordon Bleu school, AMerican UNiversity, SCiences Po ...) For longer stay (more than 3 mon	This 22 SqM Studio is fully renovated for welcoming 2 persons, modern style but still offering parisian charme (FIRE PLACE, BEAMS...). Located at the 5th floor without lift, this Appartment is quiet and comfortable, not overlooked and very bright (SOUTHWEST EXPOSURE). The kitchen is nicely and fully furnished as well as the bathroom.  The commun ereas have security codes and are also newly renovated this Summer (2012). Located at  Rue Malar, enjoy entertainment, amenities and shops of its famous neighboring streets, the Rue Saint Dominique and Rue Cler (Shopping, restaurants, bakeries, banks, laundry shop, supermarkets ...) ... Come and visit absolutely  Invalides, Champs de Mars, the Eiffel Tower, the Pont d'Alma ... Few walk away from here! Environment and exceptional location make this apartment the ideal place to discover PARIS! Close to many schools, this flat is also handy for students (for Cordon Bleu school, AMerican UNiversity, SCiences Po ...) For longer stay (more than 3 mon
2685	A classical Parisian building, blocked with a door code for safe access. The Paris apartment is on the third (EU) floor with no elevator. The living room looks onto the street with a nice view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a small view of the Eiffel Tower from the window. The bright apartment rental has brand new double glazed windows, charming wood floors and has been fully renovated. Paris vacation apartment of 35 m2 made up of a living room with an American kitchen. The bedroom is in an alcove, separated from the living room by a curtain. A new settee bed allows additional sleeping space appropriate for a child. The bathroom is separate and has a shower. This Paris apartment rental is very pleasant and has everything necessary to enjoy staying in the city of light.	Conveniently located in the heart of the 7th district of the city, this Paris vacation rental is a few minutes walk from the Eiffel tower and the famous Rue Cler. Has a lovely view of the rooftops of Paris. A classical Parisian building, blocked with a door code for safe access. The Paris apartment is on the third (EU) floor with no elevator. The living room looks onto the street with a nice view of the rooftops of Paris. There is a small view of the Eiffel Tower from the window. The bright apartment rental has brand new double glazed windows, charming wood floors and has been fully renovated. Paris vacation apartment of 35 m2 made up of a living room with an American kitchen. The bedroom is in an alcove, separated from the living room by a curtain. A new settee bed allows additional sleeping space appropriate for a child. The bathroom is separate and has a shower. This Paris apartment rental is very pleasant and has everything necessary to enjoy staying in the city of light. The whole
2686	Lovely studio apartment in a great location, with one queen bed, equipped kitchen, measuring 24 meters (260 SF), for 1 or 2 people. Located in the 7th quarter on the limit of the 6th quarter of Paris, on a very nice and safe neighborhood, 3 min walking from two metro stations on line 13\10, and just 7 min walking to lines 4\6\12 (or 3 min on metro). 7 min on metro from RER station at St. Michel  No elevator, apartment on 2nd floor.  Bath and toilets in the apt are separated.   Located less than 1 km from Le Bon Marche, Museum Rudin, Invalides, Montparnasse ,Rue de Rennes ,Boulevard Saint Germein, Museum D'orsay.  2 km from Tour Eiffel, Museum Du Louvre, Tuileries and Luxemburg Gardens, Concorde, Champs Elysees and much more.  Great restaurants within 1 block, check the guidebook in my descriptions. Included:  Wi-Fi, free telephone to landlines in 60 countries, hot water 24H, bath\shower, refrigerator, closet, washing machine, toaster oven.	Central, comfortable for transportation all over the city, close by foot to the main sights, cozy with great bed, well equipped, good restaurants in the area and above all safe and calm. The best place for your staying.  Here to help 90% of the time, even when away.  Lovely studio apartment in a great location, with one queen bed, equipped kitchen, measuring 24 meters (260 SF), for 1 or 2 people. Located in the 7th quarter on the limit of the 6th quarter of Paris, on a very nice and safe neighborhood, 3 min walking from two metro stations on line 13\10, and just 7 min walking to lines 4\6\12 (or 3 min on metro). 7 min on metro from RER station at St. Michel  No elevator, apartment on 2nd floor.  Bath and toilets in the apt are separated.   Located less than 1 km from Le Bon Marche, Museum Rudin, Invalides, Montparnasse ,Rue de Rennes ,Boulevard Saint Germein, Museum D'orsay.  2 km from Tour Eiffel, Museum Du Louvre, Tuileries and Luxemburg Gardens, Concorde, Champs Elysees and much mor
2687	Unique quiet flat in the 7th Direct acces to the famous rue cler located on a quiet courtyard fully fonctionnal	Apartment located in 1920S Building in the 7th arrondissement near by Eifel tower
2688	"Bright and quiet studio located in ""the village""le Gros Caillou, very nice area in the center of Paris. Lively with shops and restaurants, walk distance to the main attractions: Eiffel Tower, Musee Louvre, Orsay,  Branly, Champ Elysées ... near the famous "" rue Cler"" pedestrian street with many cafe and food market.  "	"Bright and quiet studio located in ""the village""le Gros Caillou, very nice area in the center of Paris. Lvely with shops and restaurants, walk distance to the main attractions.  Comfortable with all amenities ( Internet)  Bright and quiet studio located in ""the village""le Gros Caillou, very nice area in the center of Paris. Lively with shops and restaurants, walk distance to the main attractions: Eiffel Tower, Musee Louvre, Orsay,  Branly, Champ Elysées ... near the famous "" rue Cler"" pedestrian street with many cafe and food market.  All the amenities ( TV, Phone, Internet, kitchen well equiped) Sofa bed with a comfortable real mattress the neighborhood is very quiet but lively ( a lots of families with children live there) and it's very central"
2689	Few minutes walking to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Invalides. Cosy french style 3 rooms appartment with 2 bathrooms. Full Equiped. 2 elevators.	Few minutes walking to Eiffel Tower, Champs Elysées, Invalides. Cosy french style 3 rooms appartment with 2 bathrooms. Full Equiped. 2 elevators. Everything you need: Rue saint Domique & Rue Clerc restaurants, shops, bakeries, post office, banks .... Metro Invalides - Alma Marceau - RER C Bus (phone number hidden)
2690	A 5 minute walk to the seine river from the famous Quai d'Orsay, and a 15 minute walk to the Eiffel tower, this apartment is ideally located in the heart of it all. In a safe neighborhood surrounded by embassies and chic restaurants/cafes, while within walking distance to many of Paris' monuments, this apartment is located in the best of both worlds. Decorated in classic French style with contemporary touches, sunlight fills the apartment through its large French windows.  The apartment has 1 bedroom with a double bed and a spacious living room with a fold out sofa bed, making it ideal for 1-4 people. In addition to a full kitchen and modern bathroom, it is full of amenities including a washer/dryer, wifi and cable tv.	A 5 minute walk to the seine river from the famous Quai d'Orsay, and a 15 minute walk to the Eiffel tower, this apartment is ideally located in the heart of it all. A 5 minute walk to the seine river from the famous Quai d'Orsay, and a 15 minute walk to the Eiffel tower, this apartment is ideally located in the heart of it all. In a safe neighborhood surrounded by embassies and chic restaurants/cafes, while within walking distance to many of Paris' monuments, this apartment is located in the best of both worlds. Decorated in classic French style with contemporary touches, sunlight fills the apartment through its large French windows.  The apartment has 1 bedroom with a double bed and a spacious living room with a fold out sofa bed, making it ideal for 1-4 people. In addition to a full kitchen and modern bathroom, it is full of amenities including a washer/dryer, wifi and cable tv.
2691	The appartment is very spacious with its 56 m2 (600 feet). It has a large masterbedroom with a Kingsize bed as well as a sofabed for two in the living, a fully equipped american kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub/shower and a separate toilette. The Musée d'Orsay and the Musée Rodin are around the corner. Many beautiful sights in walking distance. Great neighborhood with three different bakeries, a supermarket and a butcher next to the apt. 	"This freshly renovated ground floor apartment is located in the very central and chic 7th Arrondissement close to Metro station ""Rue du Bac"". Very calm as situated in the courtyard of a typical Haussmann building from the 19th century.  The appartment is very spacious with its 56 m2 (600 feet). It has a large masterbedroom with a Kingsize bed as well as a sofabed for two in the living, a fully equipped american kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub/shower and a separate toilette. The Musée d'Orsay and the Musée Rodin are around the corner. Many beautiful sights in walking distance. Great neighborhood with three different bakeries, a supermarket and a butcher next to the apt.  We will organise a personal check-in in the apt.  Check-in until 21:00 maximum. Thanks for your comprehension.  The 7th Arrondissement is a very lively and chic neighbourhood between the famous Boulevard Saint Germain and the Eiffeltower. The Museum d'Orsay is a stonethrow away, as well as lots of other major sites but"
2692	Logement très lumineux et complètement équipé avec facilité pour se garer	Studio de 22 m² avec un canapé clic clac + télé Appartement meublé et équipé  Petit balcon  Salle de bain  Très lumineux  Situé proche champ de mars, tour Eiffel, quais de Seine Métro 13 ou 10  Facilité pour sa garer dans l'avenue Duquesne Logement très lumineux et complètement équipé avec facilité pour se garer Calme avec un peu de verdure  Proche Quais de Seine, Invalides et Tour Eiffel mais aussi quartier Saint Germain (à pied) Boulangerie et autres commerces dans l'avenue Ligne 13 : arrêt Saint François Xavier Ligne 10 : arrêt Ecole Militaire Possibilité de louer à la nuit mais aussi à la semaine Caution de 500 € Appartement au 5ème étage et sans ascenseur
2693	The 7th arrondissement of Paris, situated on the Rive Gauche, has been home to some of the boldest-faced French nobility since the 18th century, when aristocrats started moving into the area in droves – an early example of neighborhood  gentrification, not so different from artists moving to Red Hook or the Lower East Side.  Currently France's second richest district in average income and Paris' first, this arrondissement is part of Paris Ouest, alongside the 6th, 8th, 16th arrondissements and Neuilly, all of which are considered the most patrician of areas in which to reside.  In addition to keeping company with the French Prime Minister, whose official residence is in the area, you're close to diplomatic embassies, and are a heartbeat away from world-famous museums such as the Musée d'Orsay, Musée du quai Branly, and Musée Rodin, formerly the Hôtel de Biron.   That last is an interesting one -- scene of one of the greatest art scandals of the fin de siècle centered on the unfortunate	"This spacious two-bedroom apartment is truly in the ""well kept secret"" category. Formerly inhabited by the French ambassador to Japan, even the entrance is a pleasure of the most refined and exquisite kind. The 7th arrondissement of Paris, situated on the Rive Gauche, has been home to some of the boldest-faced French nobility since the 18th century, when aristocrats started moving into the area in droves – an early example of neighborhood  gentrification, not so different from artists moving to Red Hook or the Lower East Side.  Currently France's second richest district in average income and Paris' first, this arrondissement is part of Paris Ouest, alongside the 6th, 8th, 16th arrondissements and Neuilly, all of which are considered the most patrician of areas in which to reside.  In addition to keeping company with the French Prime Minister, whose official residence is in the area, you're close to diplomatic embassies, and are a heartbeat away from world-famous museums such as the Mus"
2694	Idéalement situé dans un  beau quartier à la fois calme et vivant, ce petit appartement typiquement parisien se situe à une rue du Champ de Mars, tout près de la tour Eiffel. A deux pas également, la rue Cler, et son accès réservé aux piétons offre toutes les commodités : commerces (épiceries, fleuristes, parfumeries, fromagers, chocolatiers, cavistes),  restaurants et services de proximité (coiffeurs, poste, laverie...)  Près des Invalides, du musée du Quai Branly, à 10'  en métro de l'Opéra. 	Studio de caractère, typiquement parisien, en rez-de chaussée sur cour, juste derrière le Champ-de-Mars; une pièce principale avec Internet, et un espace chambre avec lit gigogne (2 couchages simples); une salle de bains avec cabine de douche, WC .  Idéalement situé dans un  beau quartier à la fois calme et vivant, ce petit appartement typiquement parisien se situe à une rue du Champ de Mars, tout près de la tour Eiffel. A deux pas également, la rue Cler, et son accès réservé aux piétons offre toutes les commodités : commerces (épiceries, fleuristes, parfumeries, fromagers, chocolatiers, cavistes),  restaurants et services de proximité (coiffeurs, poste, laverie...)  Près des Invalides, du musée du Quai Branly, à 10'  en métro de l'Opéra. Métro, bus, Vélib', voiture  (une contre-allée permet de déposer facilement ses bagages), tout est accessible. Je serais ravie de connaître vos attentes pour vous répondre avec le plus de clarté possible. Le Champs de Mars pour pique-niquer, se promen
2695	Located 100 meters from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, this charming apartment is ideally located. The apartment of 39m2 is on the 3rd floor. Recently renovated, it is composed of a living room / kitchen which offers plenty of living space and light, one bedroom and one bathroom / toilet. Augereau street is perpendicular to the Rue St Dominique, including renowned restaurants Chefs Christian Constant and Jean-François Trap. Several metro stations and some bus allow to move throughout the city (Alma Marceau: 800m, La Motte Piquet: 1 km; Ecole Militaire: 700m). The apartment is close to many historical monuments and landmark on Paris: The Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars, the Seine, Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Rodin Museum, etc. .. A supermarket is located at the intersection of rue Augereau and rue Saint Dominique, 30 meters from the apartment. Very close to shops and facilities (pharmacy, bakery, butcher, restaurants, etc ...) Facilities: Fully-equipped kitchen: refrigera	Located 100 meters from the Champs de Mars and the Eiffel Tower, this charming apartment is ideally located. The apartment of 39m2 is on the 3rd floor. Recently renovated, it is composed of a living room / kitchen which offers plenty of living space and light, one bedroom and one bathroom / toilet. Augereau street is perpendicular to the Rue St Dominique, including renowned restaurants Chefs Christian Constant and Jean-François Trap. Several metro stations and some bus allow to move throughout the city (Alma Marceau: 800m, La Motte Piquet: 1 km; Ecole Militaire: 700m). The apartment is close to many historical monuments and landmark on Paris: The Eiffel Tower, the Champs de Mars, the Seine, Invalides, Napoleon's Tomb, the Rodin Museum, etc. .. A supermarket is located at the intersection of rue Augereau and rue Saint Dominique, 30 meters from the apartment. Very close to shops and facilities (pharmacy, bakery, butcher, restaurants, etc ...) Facilities: Fully-equipped kitchen: refrigera
2696		6th floor with elevator, old charming building, next to Rue cler, Metro Ecole militarize, Grocery store, fruit shops are 2m walk. American Kitchen with 2 electric stoves, Washer/ Dryer, Fridge, Microwave. Bathroom with WC & Shower, Wifi available. 
2697	Quiet Flat, Ideally situated at the foot of the Eiffel Tower.  Walking distance from the Invalides, the Place de la Concorde & the Rodin Museum  In the 7th district, just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus. The apartment is a modern studio on the 1st floor of a historic building from the 18th century in the heart of the 7th  The rue Cler market, one of the liveliest and best known in Paris  You will also have easy access to the peaceful paths in the nearby Champ de Mars gardens.	Quiet Flat, Ideally situated at the foot of the Eiffel Tower.  Walking distance from the Invalides, the Place de la Concorde & the Rodin Museum  In the 7th district, just a few steps from the metro, several bus lines and the Air France shuttle bus.
2698	The apartment is in the ground floor of a big residence. View of the garden, very quite.	Nice small apartment 16m² in Paris 7ème with a lot of charme, near Montparnasse and Tour Eiffel. Ideally for two people. In a modern residence with nice garden, very quiet and safe place. Lots of restaurants nearby. 5 minutes to Subway 13, 5, 6, 12. The apartment is in the ground floor of a big residence. View of the garden, very quite. The guests will have access to the whole apartment The guests will have clean sheets and comforters. Otherwise the towers are not prepared in the apartment. Thanks to take your own towels with you. Metro 13 / 5: Duroc Metro 6: Sèvres - Lecourbe. Check in time : Monday - Friday :  12h30 - 13h30 8h - 9h,  19h - 24h Weekends & Holidays : Flexible
2699	"The apartment is located in one of the most beautiful and romantic places on earth.  300 meters from la Tour Eiffel and 50 meter from Le Champ de Mars.  Entirely renovated, the apartment is so charming and cosy. Located on the first floor (second US floor) , this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in all it's splendor. Also, being 15 minutes from la Défense and Porte de Versailles is an outstanding asset for Business Man travelling to Paris. The apartment is decorated in a contemporary way. Located just a short foot step  from the Eiffel tower, the Champ de Mars, and the Seine River, ""Avenue de Suffren"" is situated in an area of Paris that is known for understated elegance and high-class living.Attractions in the 7th district include the Eiffel Tower, Musée d'Orsay, Champ de Mars, Musée Rodin, Rue Cler, Le Bon Marche and much more.    APARTMENT DETAILS : Guests 4  Location 7h district  Area 52 m²  (560 sq ft) 1 Bedroom 1 Bedroom/Living room 1 Bathr"	"The apartment is located in one of the most beautiful and romantic places on earth.  300 meters from la Tour Eiffel and 50 meter from Le Champ de Mars.  Entirely renovated, the apartment is so charming and cosy. Located on the first floor (second US floor) , this is the perfect apartment for a family or couple who wants to enjoy Paris in all it's splendor. Also, being 15 minutes from la Défense and Porte de Versailles is an outstanding asset for Business Man travelling to Paris. The apartment is decorated in a contemporary way. Located just a short foot step  from the Eiffel tower, the Champ de Mars, and the Seine River, ""Avenue de Suffren"" is situated in an area of Paris that is known for understated elegance and high-class living.Attractions in the 7th district include the Eiffel Tower, Musée d'Orsay, Champ de Mars, Musée Rodin, Rue Cler, Le Bon Marche and much more.    APARTMENT DETAILS : Guests 4  Location 7h district  Area 52 m²  (560 sq ft) 1 Bedroom 1 Bedroom/Living room 1 Bathr"
